THE WEEKS NEWS. Death of an Old Public Servant.— On Friday, Feb. 2nd., about 6 o'clock, died John Cox, the well-known and respected Municipal officer. He had been at one time Overseer of Works to the Corporation, and was till recently Keeper of the City Baths. The cause of death is said to have been physical debility. The remains of de ceased were interred in the West terrace Cemetery on Sunday afternoon. The deceased was much respected by a large circle of friends and ac quaintances. He was con-nccted with several of j the Friendly Societies, and representatives from the United Tradesmen's Lodge, the Harmony, the Concord Masonic Lodges, and the Loyal Albion Lodge, I.O.O.F., M.U., and others, followed his remains to the grave. About 53 of the brethren from the United Tradesmen's Lodge, including Worshipful Master Sagar, P.M. Dr. Whittell, Fiveash. Lindrum, and others assembled at the Masonic Hall, Rundle-street, and afterwards formed procession at the deceased's residence^ Chester-street, Grenfcll-street, from which the cortege started at 3 o'clock, preceded by Sclxrader's Instrumental Band, and followed by a long train of vehicles and pedestrians, which must hare numbered several hundreds. Around the grave a vast concourse of sorrowing friends assembled. W.M. Sagar conducted the solemn ceremony of the Masons, ana the usual rites of the Oddfellows Lodge, of which the deceased was a member, were performed by a member of that body. The Kev. N. Bennett, Wesleyan minister, officiated at the grave, and gave a short but im pressive address. On the way to the Cemetery the band played the Dead March in "Saul," which added greatly to the solemnity of the occasion. Tlie procession returned to town about 5 o'clock, at which time the excessive lieat of the day had slightly moderated. The deceased was a colonist of 21 years standing, ana a servant of the Cor poration for a period of nine years, having been overseer of works for five j-earr, and manager of j the City Baths for four years. He leaves a widow I hut no family. Among those who attended the ■ funeral were His Worship the Mai or. the Town Clerk, the City Surveyor, and ail the officers of the Corporation. The arrangements for the funeral were very creditably couducted by Mr. O. Eankin, of Flinders-street. Swisijting Prize.—We understand from Mr. C. S. Cockburn, Acting Treasurer of tlie Sov.tli Australian Swimming Club, that Mr. C. E. Tidemann intends offering prize at the annual swimming matches March next, of the value of five guineas to he swam for by German youths under the age of 18— the prize to be a silver cup or watch, at the option of the winner. Mr. Bastard, the lessee of the Baths, appears to be doing all he can to promote the art of swimming, and we believe he intends offering peculiar facilities to any German youths who may wish to practise with a view to competing j for Mr. Tidemann's prize. Petty Theft.—On Saturday, a lad named Jas. Wi lianis, while having a dip in the City Baths, had his trousers pocket robbed of 13s., which had been in it prior to entering the water. We have heard complaints of other similar petty depreda tions, which certainly should have the effect of putting both the keeper and the bathers on their j guard. Accident. — A serious accident occurred on Sunday evening, February 4, at Kent Town. An elderly man, whose name we understand to be Severn, and who lives at Kensington, was driving | his wife and family towards town in a spring-cart, when sharply turning a corner near the Wesleyan Jubilee Church, at a very rapid pace, the cart { capsized and threw the whole of its occupants violently into the road. The horse dragged the vehicle on its side some little distance down the road and on to the footpath, where it ran into the fence and fell down, but was got up without it or | the trap being at all damaged. The passengers, however, were found to have fared badly. On raising Mr. Severn from the ground it was seen that his ancle was dislocated, besides l'is body being severely shaken; and his little boy, about six or eight years old, had one of his legs broken. A large number of persons assembled around the spot, and assistance ivas quickly rendered the sufferers, who were placed in a vehicle and at once driven home for medical attendance, Dr. Scott, of Kensington, having been sent for. Four other | persons in the cart at the time of the capsize re ceived do injury1 except a slight shaking. St. Matthew's Chobch, Kensington. — The Lord Bishop performed the ceremony on Sunday evening of consecrat ng the chancel lately added to St. Matthew's Church, Kensington. There was a pretty numerous congregation. The in cumbent of the church—the Kev. E. Jenkins— read the lessons, and His Lordship then delivered an impressive discourse from Hebrews ninth chapter 24th verse. In the morning services in connection with the above took place. There was a fair attendance. The Kev. E. Jenkins preached an excellent sermon from the 81th Psalm, first and second verses. The collections amounted in the aggregate to between £7 and £8. Thb Fijian Mission.—A missionary address was delivered before several Sunday Schools of | various denominations at the Wesleyan Chapel, Pirie-street, on Sunday afternoon, by the Bcv. J. Calveit, late of Fiji. There was a very large , assemblage of persons present, consisting prin cipally of school children, attended by their parents and friends. The rev. gentleman clearly described the present state of the good work in those islands. A great number of natives, he said, are being educated as teachers at institu tions formed for the purpose. Devoutness and steadfast adherence to Christianity were manifested by the numerous converts. There are now in the Fijian group 12 missionaries, 34 native mis sionaries, 9'0 loc 1 preachers, 1,400 class teachers, 17,000 church members, 4,000 on trial for church members, 80,000 hearers, and 36,000 in school. The address, which was of a very instructive nature, was listened to throughout with profound atten- J tion. A collection on behalf of the mission was made at the conclusion. Methodist New Connexion Chuhch. — The first anniversary of the Methodist New Connexion Church in Franklin-street, was commemorated on Sunday, February 4, when services were held in the church. In the morning the Eev. Clement Liuley, from Melbourne, preached an impressive discourse from the 20th verse of the General' Epistle of Jude-"But ye beloved, building up yourselves on your most holy faith, praying in the ! Holy Ghost." The Kev.W. Taylor, from California, preached in the afternoon from a portion of the 10th verse of the fourth chapter of the Second Epistle of John — " Herein is love." In the evening the Kev. C. Linley again | discoursed from Phillipians L 21, "For to me to live is Christ, and to die is gain." There were very good congregations in the morning and even- j ing, and in the afternoon the sacred building was ' tilled to overflowing. The collections made at the services amounted in the aggregate to about £30 The Drought.—On Sunday evening the Kev. J. Jefferis, of the North Adelaide Congregational Church, delivered a discourse having a special reference to the drought that has visited these southern lands. He chose for his text Psalm xl. 5. Having referred to the remarkable combination of Gospel truths contained in the Book of Psalms and to the statement of Mr. Gladstone in his recent address at Edinburgh, noticed in our I columns a few days ago, that the Psalms of David ] were superior in composition to the works of all the Greek philosophers heaped together, he entered upon his subject by stating that most if not all the eminent writers of modern times pro fess a solemn reverence for God, and acknowledge in a general sense that he is the ruler of the universe, but at the same time asserting that all things thai happen are but the result or deve. l ipment of law. To this the preacher demurred. He asserted his belief that not a blade of grass grew nor a flower blossomed but was the special result of God's thought. With reference to the drought, he stated that much of it was due to our | sin of overworking the powers of nature. If men will pasture 20 sheep where there is only feed for 10, and if farmers will grow com for 20 years in suc cession on the same land, it is only a righteous retribution if the flocks should die and the harvest should fail. He did not profess, like many persons, to be able to answer in a direct manner | the question " Why is the drought sent?"' but he saw enough in the history of us as a people to demand humiliation before God on account of it, and from the appearance of rain in the other colonies, he thought the worst had past; aud this, combined with our prosperity in other directions, was an occasion for thankfulness that judgment had been tempered with mercy. The discourse was marked by the preacher's usual ] earnestness and eloquence, and was listened to with great attention by a large audience. Kent Town Wesleyan Jubilee Church.—The morning and evening services at Kent Town ' Jubilee Church on Sunday, February 4, were con ducted by the Eev. W. Taylor, when collections were made towards a fund now being raised to liquidate the debt incurred in enclosing the church | and grounds, and erecting stabling accommodation for the horses of those who reside at a distance. In the morning Mr. Taylor preached from Acts i. 8—"But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you," dec. In the evening he discoursed from the wordsAs I live saith the Lord God, 1 have no pleasure in the death of the wicked, but rather that he should turn again and live." The congregation was large in \ the morning, but in the evening the building was crammed to suffocation, and numbers were obliged to leave, being unable to obtain seats. The Shenandoah.—We have seen a telegram from Melbourne, which states that Mr. W. C. Whitter was the first officer of the Shenandoah, and that there was no person on board that vessel ] of the name ot Gerard Louis De Saint Berne. The Aborigines at Wallaroo.—In the course | of the enquiry which Mr. Buttfield, Sub-Protector of Aborigines, has been making as to the condition of the aborigines at present in the township, he I has found that they sometimes are rery short of water. He has therefore given Corporal Besley authority to supply them with it when required.— ] Wallaroo Times. Pairing-off.—In the House of Assembly on j 1 Tuesday,, on the motion of the Hon. A. BIyth against the ruling of the Speaker, on the ques | tion of the personal interest of members, Mr.! ■ Bounsevell (for the motion) paired-off with Mr, ! Dunn (against it). I Match. — The match between the cutters Polly and Harriet came off at the Port on Saturday and resulted, in. favour of the former. The match originated in a challenge made by Mr. Connor on the occasion of the settling for the Port fiegatta. when the two beats competed with others and the race was won by the Polly. The challenge was accepted by Mr. Lavin, the owner of the Polly; and it was agreed that they should sail on the same conditions as at the regatta-£10 aside. Accordingly various improvements were effected in either boat with a view to-increase her sailing qualities, and it was mutually agreed that Mr. if Quin should act as Starter and Judge. The two cutters came to the starting place, opposite the North-parade, at the appointed time—2 o'clock The Polly being sailed by Mr. E. Sawtell, assisted by Air. Laviu and another; and the Harriet by Mr C. H. P. Connor, assisted by Mr. Taylor and Mr' H. Quin, jun. A good start was effected at 2.30, with a steady south-westerly breeze, tbe Polly taking the lead; but on both vessels gttting all sail set, the advantage turned in favour of the Harriet, which continued to lead tbe way to the buoy at Snapper Point, which she rounded at 3h. 8m., followed by tbe FoJly exactly one minute after. Then commenced tbe actual work of the race, and tbe breeze havingfreshaned considerably, afforded a fiue opportunity for beating up. They kept very close to each for some distance, when the Polly overhauled her opponent, and passed the goal at 4h. 45in„ winning the race by one minute. Mining on Yorke'3 Peninsula.—The Wal laroo Times says:—"There was a fresh bunch of excellent ore struck on Wednesday at the Yelta Mine, and the other lodes are yielding their usual quantity of ore. This mine seems to be increasing m richness every week, and promises ere long to rival tbe Moonta. The KarkarHIa, too, is pro nounced by experienced miners to be a most valu able mine, but the lodes seem to be much deeper at this mine than at the Moonta or Yelta, I am in formed by several miners that nearly all the most productive lodes on the Moonta Mine are dipping south, and that they wiU without a doubt be dis covered by sinking at the Karkarilla. We under stand that prospects at the Matta are greatly improving. Since the engine recommenced work ing upwards of 60 ions of excellent ore has been raised. Prior to the stoppage of the engine the chief lode was found to be getting small, and fears were entertained of its running out. Within the last few days, however, the ]o.)e lias widened to a large extent, whilst the ore continues of a high per centage. The strokes of the engine have been reduced from 10 to nine per minute, which is a proof that the water which had saturated the ground in the vicinity of the mine is gradually diminishing." The English Mail for February.—In conse quence of this being a short month, and the £5th falling on a Sunday, the English mail will close at 11 p.m. of the 24th inst A \\\ ealthy Beggar.—On Saturday afternoon Police-constable Bailman took into custody a German named Carl Senert ou a charge of vagrancy and begging. He had successfully solicited alms at various houses in Glenelg, and on being searched, was found to have a tolerable hoard of money on his person. A bag hanging round his neck, under his blue shirt, contained about 5s. worth of silver and copper: and under an inner shirt was a belt, in which were £2 15a. 81. in silver, the bag being evidently the receptacle of bis day's earnings, and the belt a place of greater security for his accu mulated wealth. He had also a book in which some few persons had entered their contributions. The Electric.—The adjourned special meeting of the Marine Board for tbe purpose of investigat ing the charge preferred by Captain Lewthwaite, of the Electric, against Mr. Pilot Woolnough, for allowing the vessel to anchor in such a perilous position off Marino, took place on Friday, when Mr. Uden, the signalman at the beach, was exa mined ly the Board respecting the wind and weather on the day in question. Mr. Pilot Wool nough was also examined at some length by Captain Lewthwaite. The Board-room was then cleared, and shortly after the President notified to the parties interested ana the Press the following decision;—"In the opinion of the Board, Mr. Pilot Woolnough is exonerated from all blame as regards his conduct as a pilot, and that the precarious posi tion of the Electric is attributable to the naviga tion of that ship by the master. Captain Lewthwaite, before the pilot took charge." Horse Accident.—A fine horse belonging to Mr. F. B. Jones, of Port Adelaide, was killed by an accident on Friday. It was attached to a cart which was loading silt on the North-parade, when some railway trucks were passing along tbe wharf, and the driver of the cart moved his horse to give them room. Two trucks passed clear, but the next, having the side let down, struck the cart, and threw the horse partly over the wharf, and before it could be released from this position it was strangled. Dunn's Career.—The Marengo correspon dent of the Fiiss Courier thus writes to that journal on the 4th ultimo:—"So it appears that the only survivor of the notorious bushrangiug triumvirate is at last manacled. Well done! If there was and is one of them more than another whose murderous career richly deserved closing through the medium of a tough rope and the common hangman, John Dunn is the man. The rascal's 'abstract' is as follows:—John Dunn joined Hall and Gilbert n October, 1864, the two latter having been engaged in active bushrangiug two years and a half previous. He was a welcome recruit to Hall, the gang having just experienced reverses in the wounding of Dunleavy (which led to the latter s ultimate surrender) and the capture of Mount, alias the 'old man,' by the police and black trackers after a chase of two hundred miles. The firm of Hall, Gilbert, and Dunn then went ahead as follows:—1864—October 24, roblied Mr. Chisholm and others on the highway near Goulburn; October 27, robbed Mr. Macansh's station; October 28, robbed the Alburv mail near Jujion Creek: November 8, robbed Mr. Rossi's station, near Gouiburn; November 9, robbed the Goulburn mail six miles from Goulburn; Novem ber 11, robbed the Yass mail on the Ereadalbane Plains; November 15, robbed theGundagai mail near Jujion, after a desperate fight with the anued escort, which resulted in the death of the gaUaut Sergeant Parry, shet dead by Gilbert; November 19, stuck-up ai.d plundered Mr. Clarke's station. Bolero; December 19, robbed the Goulburn mail near Towrang; December 27, robbed Mr. Morris's store, Binda, forcing the proprietor and his wife to attend a ball at the neighbouring tavern, winding up the orgie by adjourning to Mr. Morris's store and burning it to the ground; December 30, robbed Mr. Davidsou on the Murrumburrah, Plains. lk65 —Janilary 19, robbed Mr. James Christie's store: January 23, robbed John Eoss on the Gap road; January 27. stuck-up several carriers near Collector; on the evening of the same day bailed up the hotel in Collector, Hall and Gilbert ransacking the premises, leaving Dunn outside on guard, who seeing Constable Nelson approaching, shot him dead w'thout a challenge; February 6, tabbed the Goulbuin mail twelve miles from Goulburn; February 18, recruited their stud by robbing Messrs. B oven & M'Alisterof their racehorses; February 23, fought the police near Burns's, put some of them hors de combat, and then escaped; March 13, robbed the Gundaroo mail near Geary's Gap; March 14, attacked the gold escort from Araluen near Majors Creek, shot one policeman through the body, caused tw© others to perform a 'flank movement,' hut the fourth trooper stuck to his post like a hero, and finnally beat off the rascals minus the gold: March 22, seen in the neighbourhood of Gardiner's old haunt, the Pinnacle; March 24, rode up to Mr. Atkins's, Billabong, mounted on Mr. Morton's racers, stolen the day previous, refreshed themselves, gave their nags a feed, and left: March £5, stuck-up Mr. Jones's store in the town of Forbes, and took therefrom £90 in cash, and a nice assortment of winter clothing; April L robbed Mr. Suttor's station. Boramble; April 10, '©ailed up Watt's Inn, Newrea; April 11, robbed Mr. Gallimore's store and tlie IVhite Horse Inn, extemporised soiree dansante, compelling every one in the neighbour hood to join the ' gay and festive scene;' April IS, robbed Lee'B station, Larrass Lake; April 25. robbed Cropper's station, Lachlan; Mav 8. robbed two travellers seventeen miles from Marengo, on the Cowra-road; May 11, stuck-up Mr. Furlonge; police May 13, Gilbert and Dunn encountered four near Binalong, Gilbert shot dead, Dunn, though wounded, managing to escape. The gang by this time was reduced to one. Hall having a few days . previous been surrounded by the police in the busli near Forbes, and fallen dead after receiving up wards of twenty wounds; on the I5th May, Dunn, solas, stuck-up Mr. Julian's station, Bogolong, obtained fresh horseflesh, and was heard of no more for upwards of seven months, until the ISth ultimo, when he was recognised and pursued by the police, was wounded in three places, and captured. Therefore, all the authorities have to do now is to try him and hang him with as little parade as possible." New Theatre.—We understand that there is a new project on foot to meet the wants of the theatre-going public. Mr. Solomon, the le-see of the Victoria, after satisfying himself of the prac ticability of enlarging and improving that building to the standard required, proposes to establish a Company for carrying out his views. The par. ticulars of his scheme may be looked for in a few days. One special feature in it is that Mr. Solomon would take on himself a very large share of the risk to be incurred. Cricket Match.—The return match between the South Australian and Kapunda Cricket Clubs was played on the North Park Lands on Monday. Messrs. J. Hirst and J, Scandrett acted as captains, and Messrs. H- Cowie and J. Wmdebank as umpires for the South Australian and Kapunda teams respectively. The South Australians first defended the stumps, and succeeded through good and careful play in making a score in their first innings of 104 runs, of which 17 were contributed by H. Cowie, jun., F. Merchant 16. and J. Hirst 14\. There were no less than 15 byes and 20 wides, showing that something was wrong in the long- stopping and bowling of the Kapunda players. The country eleven next handled the willow, and on the fall of he last wicket their score only amounted to 35. The highest individul score was that of H. Wearing, 6. The bowling of B. Featherstone was particularly effective, and the lone-stopping of L. Giles was much admired. The fielding generally was of a superior character. The Kapunda team again assumed the defensive after a short adjournment bad been made to tbe refection-booth. For some time they were as unfortunate as they had been in their first innings, wicket after wicket falling to the relentless bowling of Featherstone. Ultimately they made some fine batting; but the odds against them were too great, and on their last 6tump being levelled they had only saved themsel es by 12 runs from being defeated in one innings by the South Australians. Two of the South Australians were next sent , in, and speedily made the number of runs requisite to win the match. In the evening the conquerors regaled their friends with an excellent -dinner, served up by Host Tompkins, at -.the Bed, Lion Hotel, Bundle-street. There was a Considerable attendance, and Mr. J. Hirst presided, the. vice-chair being filled by Mr. J. Scandrett. A very pleasant evening was passed. The proceadlngs, which were diversified by • number of songs, nd, tattoos, &c;,a closed at an early hour. " Mb. Thomas McEllh6tkr.—We understand that the unfavourable report of the Court of j Enquiry, to whicli we lately referred, has led to Mr. Thomas McEllister's being called upon to resign his situation in the public service. Pro bably it will be thought- that the Government . have either done too •much or too little. Their j decision is unsatisfactory both to the country and j to the young man himself. His successor in the I Heal Property Office has cot yet been appointed, but we believe that there are already numerous applications for the post. The salary is £200 per annum. Vital Statistics.—The number of births and deaths registered in the districiof Adelaide during j the week ended Saturday, the 3rd of February, were:—Births—Males, 23; females, 30. Deaths— j Males, 16: females, 15. Total—Births, 53; deaths, 31\. Excess of births, 22. Methodist New Connexion Church.—The first anniversary services of the Methodist New j Connexion Church, Franklin- street, which were commenced on Sunday last, were continued on Monday, February 5. An excellent tea was pre ; vided in the Philosophical Hall (late Mr. Lyall's I Church, Gouger-strcct), and was partaken of by a larce number cf persous. A public meeting was held in the Church in Franklin-street in the even ing. when there was a very good attendance, which would no doubt have been much, larger had it. not been for- the excessive heat o£ the weather. Mr. S. J. Way occupied the chair, and explained the object of their meeting together that evening; I namely, to celebrate the first anniversary of the ! Methodist New Connexion in South Australia. He spoke of' the activity and energy of the Rev. J.. Maugban since he bad arrived amongst them, and pointed out the necessity for joining together and carrying out the work which they had before them, j The Rev. J. Maughan then read the report of the I past year, and made a number of remarks expla- [ natory of the various items. The report showed the receipts during the past year to have been £876 Us. 6d., and the expenditure £808 4s. 5d., leaviDg a balance in hand to meet current expenses £70 7s. Id. He expressed thanks, first to his own members, and next to the various denominations who had expressed sympathy with their efforts. There had been upwards of 50 members admitted into the fellowship of the Church during the past year, and a monthly Society had been formed. The rev. gentleman concluded his address by expressing hope that the Methodist New Connexion was firmly established in the colony, and that it would flourish. The Kev. Mr. Hancock was then called upon, and spoke at length on the great advantages of Christianity. The Jlev. James Calvert, from Fiji, next addres-ed the meeting on his residence amongst the Fijians, and the great progress which had been made in the propagation of the Holy Gospel in that heathen laud. He gave some interesting in formation respecting the number who had been brought to a knowledge of Christ, the teachers appointed, and the churches built. He then concluded an exceedingly in eresting address by impressing upon his audience the duty of all to suppurt the spreading of the Gospel. A collection which "was then made realized £7. Promises of subscriptions were also made to a con- j siderable extent. Trie Kev. C. Lintey, from Mel- I bourne, was next called upon, and addressed a few i words expressive of thanks for having been so ! kindly received, and he stated that tie should { always remember with pleasure his visit to Ade- i luide. Votes of thanks were accorded to the Chairman, the speakers, and the choir. The i proceedings were concluded by the singing of the j doxology and the pronouncing of the benediction. An efficient choir sung a number of anthems during > the evening. The collections at the whole of the J services amounted to £50, and this, togi tlier with I the promised subscriptions, amounted to upwards ' of £200. Primitive Methodist Chapel, Kensington.— Services were held at the above place of worship on Sunday in aid of the building fund. The Rev J. Warner officiated in the morning, afternoon, and evening, there being fair congregations. On Monday evening a tea and putilic meeting took place. A bountiful tea was kindly provided by the lady members of the chapel, and done full justice to by a considerable number of visitors. At the public meeting there was a large attendance, and the Mayor of Kensington aud Norwood (Mr. W. O. Buih) presided. The Rev. H. Cole made a statement with respect to the present condition of the cause so recently established in that district. The cost of the land, the erection of the chapel, and the various incidental expenses amounted to £379 15s. 2d. The subscriptions at the opening services realized £6t 19s. 8iJ., in addition to £70 15s. in promises. Of the latter sum £25 15s. had been sent in, leaving a balance of £45 yet unpaid. The debt still existing amounted to £240. The collections made at the services on Sunday and that evening amounted to £10, and the Chairman generously promised an additional £5, so that, after making these deduc tions, the building debt was reduced to £225. Eloquent addresses were delivered by the Revs. T. Jarrett, A. Pithouse, H. Cole, and Mr. J. E. Moulden. Votes of thanks to the ladies who had so kindly given the tea, and to the Chairman, brought the proceedings to a close. Kent Town Weslktan Jubilee Church.—A public meeting was held in the above church, on Monday evening, for the purpose of making an appeal to the congregation for sufficient funds to pay off the debt of £220 incurred in enclosing and improving the church ground. The building was comfortably filled, and the Key. Thomas Wiiliams, having been introduced as Chairman by the Rev! S. Ironside, in a humorous address opened the business of the meeting, and called upon Mr. M. Kingsborough to read a financial statement. Mr. Kingsborough explained that the total amount of debt on the building itself was about £1,400, upon which they were paying interest. The cost of the late improvement was £*220, which they were desirous of settling, without in any way swelling the large debt already on the place. The Rev. William Taylor afterwards addressed the meeting in a lengthy speech, in the course of which he gave a sketch of the rise and rapid progress of the Metho dist Episcopal Church in the United States, Canada, and California, with some interesting statistics as to the number of ministers, Church members, &c.; He further mentioned their forms of Church government as being similar to then own, and described a genuine American camp: meeting, instancing by anecdotes the good result ing from such gatherings. In conclusion he made a powerful appeal to the sympathy and liberality of the audience on behalf of the church. A he arty vote of thanks to Mr. Taylor was moved by Mr. Jas. Scott, and seconded by Mr. G. P. Harris, and carried by acclamation. A similar compliment to the Chairman closed the meeting. The total amount raised for the purpose intended is between £70 and £80. Bible Christian Missions.—On Sunday last, January 28, two sermons were preached at Cudlee Creek on behalf of the above missions—in the afternoon by the Rev. J. Roberts, of Kapttada; and in the evening by Mr. J. Lee. On Tuesday evening the annual missionary meeting was held, when the claims of missions were ably advocated by the Chairman (Mr. Wm. Kelly), Messrs. J. Lee, J. Roberts, and J. Rock. The proceeds of the meeting were about £11. After a vote of thanks to the Chairman the meeting separated. Municipal Council.—The City Council held its fortnightly meeting on Monday, the 5th inst. The members assembled an hour before the usual time to inspect the rooms below the Town Hall with a view to deciding which was most suitable for the future use of the Council, and also to con sider other matters having reference to the im provement of the city. It was decided to retain the apartment originally intended for the Exchange room for the City Council Chamber. A large amount of other business was also transacted. A complaint has at length been made to the City Council respecting the carrying out of the contract for the making of Victoria-street—a street which has long been in an almost impassable state, to the inconvenience of a large number of citizens. The letter was referred to the Public Works Committee for report, balance of money to be held over meanwhile. " Knocking-out" at Auctions.—The Mel bourne Argus saj s" A somewhat serious charge of conspiracy to defraud was preferred at the City Court yesterday against ten men, roost of whom were by calling iron merchants, contractors, dealers, and agents. It seems that on the 16th ult. an auction sale of iron railway plant, the property of the Government, was held at the Geelong Junction Station, and most of the defendants were purchasers at the sale. The allegation againBt them was that they combined together to keep prices at a low rate, and, haviug secured their pur chases, resold the lots at a private auction sale amongst themsilves, at the Duke of Rotbsay Hotel, the same evening, equally dividing the surplus realized at the second sale over the prices paid at the first. This arrangement, it seems from the statements of one or two of the witnesses, is a very commouoneatsuch sales, and is known among the initiated as a "knock-out." The case against the defendants rested mainly upon the evidence of two or three persons, who, by their own admissions, ! were disappointed expectants of a share in the "knock-out;" but upon the testimony adduced the Bench considered that a prima facie case had been made out, which would have to go before a Jury. The defendants in consequence were all committed for trial, bail, in two sureties of £100 | each, being required for their appearance before | the higher Court" Scholastic.—We see by the Cork Advertiser | of November 2 that at the Queen's College Exa- I urination for the session 1865-6, the "first science scholarship of the first year" was awarded to J. C. Haynes. This youth, the son of Mr. Eaynes, Stepney, was formerly a pupil of St. Peter's Colle giate School. His success at home is therefore another of those proofs which are so frequently occurring that the schools of the colony are well ! fitted for the training of a high class of scholars, j Management of Main Ho ads.—We have received a "Sketch of System of Management and Superintendence of all Principal Roads of the Colony," by C. von Bertoucb. It proposes that the colony he divided into districts (now, say six) called Road Districts, such districts to be pro claimed as the progress of cultivation, &c.;, make it advisable from time to time. Road Districts to be I divided into or formed by Council Districts, say about eight or 10 districts, as now under the District Councils Act, to be one Road District The way in which these districts are to manage the road system is fully explained, but at present wc have no space for the details. Central Road Board.—The first meeting of the new members of the Central Road Board was 1 held on Tuesday, February 6. All the members j were present, and made the "usual declaration. Mr. A. Hnllett, J.P., was unanimously appointed Chairman , during the ensuing year. A consider-1 able amount of business was then transacted, and an unusually-largo number of tenders were dis posed of. The consideration of the matter re specting which one of the Board's Surveyors has been suspended was postponed until February 15, when a special meeting of the Board will be held to consider the subject, INSTRUCTIONS TO VAUJATOItS-OF E Alt,WATS.— The following instructions have been laid before the House of Assembly :— " Public Works Office, Adelaide, January 10, ISffli. . "Gentlemen—I am instructed by the Commis sioner to inform you that the ■ Government, with . \levT °* ascertaining the present value of the South Australian Kailways, are desirous of availing themselves of your joint experience in cffeciing 1 this object, and request that you -.Till, rvith as little i delay as possible, proceed to such valuation. I ' 'The principal question to which you will direct your attention is the present value of the pcrma- I nent way, together with the bridges, stations, workshops, fences, fixed engines, and ali such I fixtures as are not included in the rolling-stock I tools, stores, fuel, &c..; which will form the subject of a separate valuation. " The Government would be glad also to have fiom you your opinion as to the value of the lauded property in a sepai ate paragraph of your report, although it is their inteution to have this independently valued. " I have, &c.;, •• • irr ii S. M. itGTTONi Secretary. A. Wells, Esq., Resident Engineer of i_la.il ,. T „ i , ~ways: Victoria. J. England, Esq., jun., Resident Engineer of ItailwaiSouth A ilstnilin." HORTICULTURAL AM) FloEICULTURAL SOCIETT. —The annual general meeting of the above Society was held on Tuesday afternoon, at the-Norfolk Arms, Bundle- street. There were ten members present, and Dr. 'VTj-lde presided. The following statement of the Committee with referents to the present position of the Society was then brought up and read:—"Inlaying this report for the past year before the Society, the Committee regret that they have nothing of a very pleasurable nature to notice. Shows have been held during that period, and the result is that the So< iety is at the present moment in debt £27 4s. 3d. Various cireumstauccs may have contributed to this end; but whatever the causes, your Committee think that it is im possible to allow the Society to languish in its present sickly condition any longer, and they re commend that one of two courses should be carried out- the first is, to subscribe the amount of the liabilities and pay tbera off, and then dissolve the I Society. The other is to form some fresh plan for I conducting the affairs of the Society for the future." 1 The balance-sheet for the past year w as read. The I liabilities were—Outstanding prizes, £21 139 - I owing to Secretary, £10 3s. 9d.—total, £31 ftjs. fid" I The assets only amounted.to £i I2s..6d., money in } hand, showing a deficiency of £27 4s. 3d. Mr. F. ! S. U. Driffield moved the adoption of the report and balance-sheet. Mr. E. Smith seconded. I Carried. Mr. Driffield then referred to the dis-f couraging prospect before the Society, and moved— "That, in the present low. 6tate of the finances, the Secretaryship should in future be an honorary and not a paid office, and that Mr. E. Hackett he requested to fill that position under sucli condi tions." Mr. E. Smith seconded. The proposition was carried. Mr. Hackett complied with the request conveyed in the motion, and then pro ceeded to state that lie had. no wish to usurp the place Mr. Smith had' held, but, considering the present state of the Society, he could offer no objection to the proposed change. In answer in Mr. McBeath, Mr. Driffield said that the Col lectors should be paid a percentage on the amounts they brought in and not have fixed salary. Mr. Loutit moved, and Mr V Smith seconded, a proposition that Mr j)rif field be appointed Honorary Treasurer. Carried The election of officers for the ensuing vku-wm then proceeded with. The Hon. J. Baker M L C was re- elected President. Messrs. W.'Everard! oi'/a n' ^cra™an' E- Inglebv and Drs. AVylde and Schomburgk were chosen Vice-Presidents A Committee of 18, consisting of the following gen tlemen, was then appointed .--Messrs. Loutit McBeath, J, Curuow! *'his" constltuted the Se business before the meeting, anatbepro to a close by a vote°f A Stabdixg Case.—On Tuesday evening a young man named John William Walsh, a plasterer, who lodges at a house in Grenfell-street, was stabbed by a German, who gave his name as John Charles Veilhaaig, a fellow-lodger with Walsh. The latter was just outside the door, when, without receiving any provocation, the other man went up to him and struck at his face. Tte blow was warded off, and the assailant then stabbed Walsh twice in the left aim with a knife or some 6harp insirument, inflicting a very severe wound, knocking him down, and completely dis fibliog the arm. Dr. Clark was immediately sent for and dressed the wound. Vieliiaaig, in the meantime, walked toward the square, where he met a police-constable, whom he informed that Walsh had assaulted him. On proceeding to the Station he was given into custody by the injured man, and was brought before the Police Magis trate on Wednesday morning to answer the charge. Chamber of Coxm suce.—The quarterly n eeting of the Chamber of Commerce was held in the Insurance-chambers on Tuesday. Mr. J. H. Clark, Deputy-Chairman, presided. Messrs. j! Mitchell, W. Bell, and H. Scott were elected members. A synopsis for the quarter was read and, after some other business, the meeting closed! Catholic Youkg Men's Society.—The usual monthly lecture in connection with the Catholic loung Men's Society was delivered on Tuesday evening, by the President of the Association, the Kcf. J. Smyth, in the schoolroom, Franklin street. Notwithstanding the extreme heat, the building was crowded to excess, a large proportion of the audience being composed of ladies. The rev. gentleman chose as the subject of his address "The Organization and Working of Catholic Young Men's Societies," aiyj he treated it in a very interesting manner. There were in attendance the choir (the May Class) and the instrumental band connected with the church, whose perform ances agreeably diversified the proceedings. Votes of tbanks to the rev. lecturer, the choir, and the band closed a very pleasant evening's entertain ment. Presentation.—The candidates lately prepared for the rite of confirmation by the Kev. G. M. Wilson. Ohristehtircli, North Adelaide, met together after the usual IVednesday evening's seivice, and presented the rev. gentleman with a silver pocket co nmunion service and a suitable address. Mr. Wilson returned thanks in a neat speech. Evelands.—Mr. J. B. Hughes informs us that his letters from Byelands, a few miles beyond Kapunda, mention the heaviest rain having fallen there on Tuesday that is remembered in the neighbourhood. It was something like a wafer spout, and the dams in course of formation on the creek narrowly escaped destruction. A Black-faced Eobbert.—The first case of highway robbery by armed and disguised men which has occurred within at least a very long period in the neighourhood of Adelaide happened on Tuesday night, at half-past 10 o'clock, in the South Park Hands, between the Green Dragon and the Turf Hotel. Sir. Anderson, a clerk at Sir. Morgan's wholesale grocery store in Ourrie-street, was stopped on biB way home to Parkside by three men, having their faces covered with black crape. One of them produced a pistol, and they proceeded to take from him his watch, four £1 notes (one of which was a Bank of Adelaide note, No. 71), and a quantity of silver. It is evident that some of the pets of our Western Australian friends have paid us a visit; and it wiU probably not be long before our active police have them in custody. Sudden Death. A man named Harvey, who arrived from England by the Peeress about six months ago, and who has been living for some time past near the Stag Inn, Bundle-street, was taken suddenly ill on Wednesday morning; and was immediately removed to the Hospital. It was soon apparent that he was labouring under a fit of apoplexy, and in spite of every means that medical skill could devise the unfortunate man expired about half an hour after his admission. He was a person of full habit, and for two days previously had felt premonitoiy symptoms of the disorder which was so unexpectedly to terminate his career. Hobse Accidents.—On Wednesday evening an accident occurred on Hackney-road, nearly opposite Mr. J. Oolton's residence. Mrs. Gray, of Hackney was riding in a spring-cart with two little boys' when the horse stumbled and fell, throwing out the occupants with considerable violence. One of the shafts was broken off, and the horse had both his knees badly cut; but beyond this no further damage was occasioned.—At about half-past 3 o'clock on Wednesday afternoon an accident took place that was at first feared to be of a serious character. A little.girl, seven or eight years of ag-, niece of M . W. Schulte, was crossing King William-street near Muirhead's corner, when she was knocked down by the Post-Office pillar-clearing cart, which at the time was sharply coming round from Hindley street into King William-street at rather a smar pace. The little sufferer was picked up and carried into Main & Geyer's shop, Hindley- street Although there was a profuse bleeding from the face, yet it was soon fonnd that no serious injury had been sustained. She was some time after wards sufficiently recovered to be taken home. Attempted Suicide.—On Wednesday afternoon tbe person known as M. Gerard Louis de St. Benie, who claims to have been first lieutenant of tbe Shenandoah, attempted to commit suicide by taking small doses of laudanum and strychnine. Shortly before this he had celled on the Eev. Father Russell, placed upon his table two letters directed to persons at Brisbane, and hastily de parted, saying that he was going to poison him self. The rev. gentleman gave notice to the police, who found him at the Newmarket Inn, where be had engaged a bedroom and requested the landlord to have him called at 6 o'clock. As he was evidently suffering from the efieet of poison, Dr. Gosse, who was called in, directed his removal to the Hospital, where he was carefully attended by Dr. Peel. Foraome hours he laboured under yiolent convulsions, but, on enquiry at a late hour at night, we were informed that these had so far subsided as to remove zdl apprehensions of danger. It appears that before retiring to the bedroom at the Newmarket Inn be dispatched a letter to the Eev. Father Smythe. which was the means of his whereabout being i,v "the police. On the table by the,bed was a' fiealed letter addressed lo; "the, Police " There was also a phla], wbich.had apparently con tained about three drachms of laudannin. Upon a slip of paper was writfen the unfinished — •I am poisoned throuc." Neither money nor any article of value was found upon his person. Taw Weather.—For sercral days past the weather has been oppressively hot. On Tuesday . the thermometer stood at 105i° in the shade. This-was one of the hottebt days of the season;. ! and, singularly enough, it was also the seventh anniversary of the memorable day when a fierco hot wind blew from the north, and extendve bubh fi es -o curred at Talunga, Cox's Creek, Maccles field, and Uindmarsh Valley, by which property to the extent of £20,000 was destroyed. .South. Australian Cricket Cluo.—.V general raeciing-of the South Australian Cricket Club was held 0.1 Wednesday evening at the Red Lion H'ltel, Kand'e-strect There were nine members present; and Mr. W. H. Bundey presided. Accouuta- amounting to £17 were handed in by the Treasurer, and after a little consideration, were ordered to be paid. Sundry other accounts were ordor3d to stand over. £19 odd was reported to be in the Bank. Mr. J. W. Peryman 6cnt in his resignation as Treasurer. The resignation was accepted, and a vote of thanks was accorded ta him for the very efficient manner in which he had discharged his duties. A motion was carried to the effect "That Mr. A. L. Fuilorton he requested to fill the vacant post." Carried. Mr. Perymau then took the chair in place of Mr. Bundey, who lu-ived—"That the C lub should be equally divided for monthly practice matches, one side to be pitted against the other, and that the scores made by each in such matches be carefully kept, the losing side to-forfeit Is. per man per month The highest scorer on each side to be appointed captain for the ensuing month." The considera tion of the proposition was deferred to a future meeting, t.> 1)9 specially called for the purpose. Lf.fevhe - terrace Mutual Improvement Society.—un the evening of Monday, the 6th iust., the usual monthly lecture was delivered before the members of this Society and their friends by Mr. Thomas Phillips, oil "Propertiesof Matter." The lecturer commenced with a defini tion of the term "matter," and treated of some of its p:< pertiee, such as impenetrability, inertia, extension, form, and divisibility. The latter was explained at great length, giving various examples of the extreme divisibility of which some bodies are capable. Among others the constiucnon of the micrometer screw was clear]}' explained. The attraction of cohesion was treated of and its effects illustrat ed. At various parts of tiie lecture experi ments relative to and illustrative of the fact ■ under notice were successfully performed, and the lecture was listened to with attention and greatly appre ciated by those present. At its conclusion Mr. (J. EL (ioo.Ie, M. P., proposed a vote of thanks to Mr. Phillips, which was seconded by l)r. Wheeler, and carried by acclama ion. The lecturer briefly acknowledged the compliment, and the meeting, which was presided over by the President of the Society, the liev. G. Stouchouse, was brought to a close with the doxology and lienediction. The New Theatre.—The public meeting which was advertised to take place at the Norfolk Arms, on Wednesday, February 7, to consider what steps should be taken with regard to the proposed new theatre, was not held, in consequence of the very small numlier of persons who put in an appearance. Boat-Building.—There are very few branches of industry at Port Adelaide which excite more interest than that of boat-building. During the past few months several very handsome samples of the craft have been launched from the various yards, aud there are several more in course of construction. The last to which special attention was directed was the Peri, a seven-oared gig, from McDonald's, and on her leaving the yard the Corsair was laid down for the shipping reporter, who had previously lost a deep-keeled craft in a gale. The experience of many years was brought into request, and McDonald certainly deserved ircditfor the production of a roomy, strong, well finished boat, which was no sooner launched than she was beaten hollow. But this was only for a short time, until the masts were properly stepped and hahast trimmed, when the tables were turned, and some of the knowing ones were fain to acknowledge McDonald's skill. During the same interval the mail contractor, being (under the new tender) compelled to keep a lifeboat at the station, had placed the plans in the hands of Mr. Mitchclniore. whose first efi'oit as a master trades man was to produce the Stormy Petrel, and the design has been earned out well in the principal details. She is 35 feet 7 inches between the perpendiculars, 9 feet beam, aud 4 feet deep, carvel built, and copper fastened. . The keel is of Swan River mahogany, with an iron false one 8 inches by 3, with centre-board aDd all the usual appliances of a lifel.o it— a deck extending fore and aft. with seven airtight compartments below it, with a pump to each, and delivery-tubes through the bilges, so that the water shipped finds ready egress over aiL Some little hitch occurred on her first advent in the Gulf, which the builderexplains to have arisen from the hatches not being properly caulked, aud the delivery-tubes not having the usual valves to prevent the water rushing upwards; but those matters are easily remedied, and the boat will then prove as creditable a sample of arti ficer's work as could be desired. Of sailing quali ties it would be at present invidious to remark, although a sufficient test of her seaworthy powers has been given, and .proved bo far satisfactory. She is a valuable a-quisitioa to the station, and the soontr one is provided at Glenelg, which can beat off from the jetty under skilful management in any weather, the better it will De. Other illustrations of the trade . may be inspected at the Government Yard, a very powerful affair having been turned out a week or two back for raooriug purposes, and although necessarily cumbrous her lines and proportions are decidedly good. It must be remembered that she is equal to lifting and trans porting anchors of a couple of tons even when in a seaway. To this task she is well adapted, for with a length of 26 feet her beam is 9 feet, and depth 3 feet 6 inches. In scantling of material she is as heavy as an ordinary cutter, and is provided with a powerful crab-winch, worked on a raised deck forwards, and a capital suit of sails, so as to be able to beat off a lee shore. In the shedB, under the workmen's hands are two or three very handsome gigs and dingies, intended for various purposes. One for the Customs service in the river is pretty, well ribbed up. and in every way calculated to bear with dignity the official to whose department she may falL The dimensions are Its feet long; 4 feet 6 inches beam, and I foot 8 inches deep. Another, to be dispatched to a lighthouse, is larger and uiore calculated to stand a heavy sea; but, as a whole, the improvement in the build and lines of Mr. Taylor's productions has greatly increased in the past few years and if a careful observer had noticed the several boats which from time to time left these sheds the style of mould and finish would bear favourable comparison, with any part of the world. The next yard visited was Mr. King's, where a clinker-built quarter-boat for the White Eagle was just compl ted to replace the captain's gig, which was stove in by a coUisionand rendered unseaworthy. The new one, which is to row five oars, is strong and well-fastened, with Clifford's patent lowering apparatus fitted to her. A very great improvement is made by introducing Singapore cedar thwarts and top strake, all kept bright, so as to form a pleasing contrast with the paint-work below. In the next yard (Mr. McDonald's) there seemed to be a press of work, for the proprietor positively refused to take an -order for a whaleboat, as he had work on hand which would occupy three months. The frame of a schooner of 169 tons burden is entirely finished reajy for the planks, and from present prospects she will sail well and cany , a good cargo, although it iB to be regretted that m this iron age such ponderous timbers have been carved into Bhapes which ought to give place to angle iron. Even Mr.. McDonald iB of that im pression. but when commenced there were no facilities for procuring the ribs bent to the exact form, so wood was chosen at an immense sacrifice in labour, as well as a great loss in the tonnage of the hull. In the boat-sheds two watermenB' skiffs and a noble whaleboat are laid down. The former is nearly ready for the water, but not as pleasing in fines as some from the same designer, though affording ample accommodation in the stern-sheets. The latter is for Glenelg. a seven-oared a (fair, and must be further advanced before any opinion eau be ventured on her qualities. To the northward another vessel attracted attention, and on reachiug the place Mr. McKay appeared as builder and owner of a very well- moulded craft intended for the coasting trade. She was in an advanced stage, being half planked up, and the hands about her seemed realty to-mean it. when it was announced she would lie launched in about four months She will make a very Deat schooner, especially if well-masted; and tins part of the affair has been well done before by Mr. McKay, and doubtless will be again. There are other yards in the vicinity, but no new craft laid down, bo the task of over hauling new woiks appeared to have cl'ised, until the river was crossed and the shed of Mr. Wisliart reached. The Will Watch is engaging his atten tion—a yacht for Glenelg, built on an entirely different prmciple to any previous attempt at the Port. She is 22 feet between the perpendiculars, eielitfeet six inches beam, and three feet deep, with a handsome bottom, plenty of rise in floor, and good side above for canying a press of sail. She is full forward and lean aft, but with a false keel, of nine inches she must go to windward .like a fairy. Cutter rig, of course, is chosen, and if her owner only takes as much delight in boat-sailing, as the writer he will be highly pleased with Wishart's skill in turning out this veiy pretty, vessel. The material used is Singapore cedar, with American elm timbers; but 'tis a pity the clinker-work has taken the place of the carvel, which always looks better, and is quite as strong. There may be some other vessels building iu or about Port Adelaide, but those alluded to are the most prominent pro ductions of the yards near the river. The Shakers. —The Jfeto York Times describes a Sunday morning among the Shakers—a body who take their name from their custom of dancing together in their refigiooB services, shaking and clapping their hands, and singing psalms '.—"The Shakers were founded in America by one Ann Lee, who went thither from England towards the close of the last century with 10 of her discples. Mete interesting than the peculiarity of their worship,is the mode of life of these people. The mew ana women, though they dance together on Simdays, live in separate communities, bound to celibacy, and they are stated to be the only, class who in America have Buccecded in maintaining tna com >le through a long series of years. evotedto work. .Tbey are thrifty farmers, their barnB full, and their hands hard with honest labour. Tbey supply, the world of mankind. amount of money formoney'sworth. In the season women make knick-knacks and ornaments for ladies visiting the country, and fokP- pleasure in amusing thfc young 'city people who go to Bee them. like their meeting-houses, their dwellings are plain but neat, ml kept with scrupulous cleanliness. Their hoses and cattle are in excellent, condition, and their' fields ire Indus-, triously tilled. The men. low well kept; but the women are a haggard set, their faces, old and wizened, though m their Sunday worship thqy dance with wonderful, agility. On Sunday, at a meeting-house near Lebanon Springs, there were 60 women, four-fifths of them over 4ft years 