Tiik now Parliament meets to-day. Of course wo are not in tlio secret of the Ministerial counsels, and wo cannot say precisely what lino of policy Messrs. M'Cullocii and colleagues have decided upon placing before the new Assembly for adoption, _ in rei'crenco to tho financial complications, which remain over from last year. But rumour is busy in assigning to thom a course ol' proceeding, which, wo can hardly bring ourselves to believe, is likely to be projected by them. It is said, for instance, that they mean to attempt legalizing tho informal and unconstitu tional proceedings in reference to the tariff, which they allowed themselves to drift into last year. In other words, they iutend to hold buck from "tho soft-goods men'' the largo amount — some L150.000 — duo to these importci'3 for the duties illegally exacted from them under the non-enactcd M'CuLi.ocit tariff of ISGu — that they purpose in fact refusing to dis- gorgo this large sum of money, until it is wrenched from them by tho decision of the Court of Appeal iu London, to which Mr. JIiGnfiioTir.ui desires to rofcr tho question for final decision. But whilst they mcasuro out lhi3 harsh and unfair treatment to the importers of " soft goods," it is understood that they will try and favour tho importers of ten, sugar, and opium by seeking to get re mitted to these fortunate Ministerial pets, tho several amounts for which thoy nro liablo to the Treasury on account of bonds given in tho first part of tho year for tho unpaid duties and also for tho duties which at a subsequent period were neither collected nor secured by bonds. Thoy purpose, in a word, attempting to establish tho exploded M'Cullocic tariff of 1SG5, as a fail accompli, and dealing accordingly with all tho importers affected by it, just as if it had been passed into law, instead of having been rejected by tho Legislative Council. The sums thus legally duo from tho importers of tea, sugar, and opium, to tho Treasury amount in tho nggrcgato to somo Ll 05,000. In tlio early part of tho year, when it was uncertain whether the reduced duties on these articles as laid down in Mr. M'Cullocii's tariff would becomo law, bonds wero taken for tho payment of tho old duties in full, in tho event of tho proposed tariff not passing. At a later date, when tho amount thus covered by bonds began to assume large proportions, and the Ministry took it into their heads that their tariff was in danger, they ceased to take bonds, and exacted tho full legal duties on thi3 class of imports. The amount for which bonds were taken rcaebed tho figure of L35.009. That which was exacted without bonds, and which was kept back from going into tho Treasury in tho usual way, to tho credit of tho consolidated revenue, summed up to tho very respectable araountofL95,OQO. At tho latter end of the year, however, when Ministers began to grow reckless, in despair of forcing their tariff through tho_ Upper House, thoy gave up either taking bonds or oxaeting tho full legal duties, and they allowed tho tca-and- sugar gentry to pass their imports through I/UW vuaium-iiuuau uu uiu 1uuuuuu uuuus, viz., of one-half, as provided for in their tariff, which had not then, and has .not sinco, becomo law. This laclie lost to tlio Treasury, for the lime being, and if Ministers carry their point, lost to it for all time, the sum of L35,000. Tho ag gregate of theso various amounts, which tho importers of groceries should havo paid into tho rovenue under tho tariff, then and now existing by law, is LIGo.OOO. _ Aud this sum the M'Cul locii Ministry propose making away with, in favour of the class of importers wo refer to. It is a sum of money as legally duo to the revenuo of Victoria as any small dobt in private lifo that is recoverable iu tho County Court. But Messrs. M'Cullocii and Co. intend to remit this debt, and forfoit its amount to tho consolidated revenuo of tho cojony. It is not their money to givo away, but tlio money of the Victorian people. Yet they purposo _ availing themselves of their Ministerial position to oonfiscato to somo half-dozon importers this largo sum of money, which is the property of tho general community. Thoy will cancel tho bonds, and rub tho spongo over the bnlanco of tho account, with as much nonchalance as if tho money woro their own 'personal property, and they were making a present of it to somo highly- favoured personal friends of their own. And whilst they thus interpret their non- legalised tariff in favour of one class of importers, they, put a construction on it hostilo to another class of importers, namely, " tho soft-goods men," nud they refuso to return to these persons tho duties, which they illegally _ exacted from them, under tho provisions of this ghost, of a tarifi' of theirs. This is tlio substanco of tho generally accoptcd rumours, which prevail on this subject. For our own part, we tako it for merely what is — a rumour. And wo havo no hesitation in saying that we can- not bring ourselves to bclicvo that Messrs. M'Cullocii and colleagues will bo so in fatuated as to attempt anything of ibo kind thus ascribed to them. Ono of tho earliest proceedings of the Ministry in tho now I'arliamont, wo pre sume. will he to introduce an Appropria tion Bill, providing for tho expenditure of the yenr 18G5. Thoy will next doubtless bring in their tariff-hill. And it will then bo seen, whether -thoy mean to try nnd giyo in that mensur'o tho retrospective action, which would mako it eover tho transactions of 18G5, and which tho ru mour wo havo referred to, imputes to them. It would be an outrage upon all tlio idoas, traditions, and practice of Con stitutional Government that a Ministry should attempt to give to a revenuo hill a rotrospeetivo action, which would carry its operation back to tho year preceding. And extravagant and lawless as has been tho conduct of tho M'Cullocii Ministry, in their official proceedings of last yenr, it seems scarcely credible that tlicy would be so infatuated as to attempt suoh a monstrous piece of misconduct, as to pro pose in February. 18GG, making their tariff date back to January, 1805. There is so little to gain and so much to loso by such n proposal, that no sane man can be forehand imngino them guilty of such egregious folly. Their only motivo for the attempt would bo a sort of spiteful womanish pertinacity, that sought to carry its way at all hazards, right or wrong, successful or unsuccessful — tho unreasoning obstinacy of a weak nud per verse mind. An attempt of the kind ; would justify and would insure tho deter- ! mined bostiiity of tho Legislative Council, i A tarifi hill with such a rotrospeetivo j provision in it would bo kicked out of tho i Council on tho first reading. It would ! prove that tho M'Cullocii Ministry did , not desire to_ carry on tho Government of i tho country in a lawful and constitutional manner ; but that on the contrary, with I malico prepense, they sought causes of quarrel with tho Legislative Council, iu order to plunge tho conduct of public affairs into litter confusion, and to embroil tho peoplo of tho country in factious con- tcstsandindcstructivc domestic strife. Such a proceeding would be prima facie evidence of conspiracy on tho part of the Ministry against tho pence and good government of the State. And in face of it, it would be incumbent on tlio Legislative Council to refuso to entertain any bill or mcasuro whatever, emanating from such traitors to tlio commonweal. The Legislative Council would in fact bo justified in declaring that so long as the 'M'Culloch Ministry remained at tho head of affairs, tho Coun cil would not accept any measure sent up through such tainted hands from tho As sembly. Ono would naturally supposo that Mr. Higiniiotham would have common sense enough, and that Mr. Micnifi would bo sufficiently chastened by liis late electoral defeat, to avoid thus arming tho Legislative Council with a scourge wherewith to lash tlio Ministry from office. But the silly doings of these gentlemen during the past year mako ono despair of seeing anything truly sagacious emanate from theso "individuals. Aud wo can only say they are capablo of any monstrous absurdity or impropriety that can be imputed to hem. Amidst all theso rumour3 nnd mis givings wo cannot refrain from pointing out tlio plain course of tho Ministry — tho course that will most conduce to their own individual advantage and to tho common good, is to let the by-gones of 18U5 pass wholly away as by-gones ; and to open an entirely now chapter with the year 1SGG, both as regards tho tariff and all other political questions. They eanuot mako up for tho Ice-way of 1805, by going hack on tho blundcriug course, which they attempted during that year. They will merely throw tho Government of the country into coufusion and damn them selves for ever ns public men, by any hare-brained attempt of tbe kind. Their only true path lies in making a fresh start with tho now Assembly, and avoiding all high-pressure irregularities such as they got themselves entangled in during the past year. The first session of tiie fifth Parliament will he opeuctl to-dny by commis- lon. Both Houses meet nt 12 o'clock. Iu the Legislative Council, tho clerk will read the proclamation for the open- lug nuil Iioldiug of the Parliament. The Com missioners—two of the Judges of the Supreme Court— Sir W. I', Stawcll and Sir Ilcdmoud Barry, will then be announced by the usher, nnd liaviug taken their cents on the dais, the Legisla tive Assembly will then be summoned to attend at tho bar to hear tho letters patent read. Tho Senior- Commissioner wiil then announce when ids Excellency will attend and formnliy open Parliament. Tho Idemhcis of tho Assembly und the Commissioner will then retire. Upon the Members of the Assembly proceeding to tluir own chamber, Sir Ilcdmoad Barry will attend, and (he swearing-in of Members will bo pro ceeded with. The first business heforo tlio Houso will be tlio election of a Speaker. A member rising iu his piaco will address himself lo the clerk, end propose lo the House that tome other member then present " do take tlio chair as Speaker," which motion will be ccconded by some oilier member. If no other candidate bo proposed, tlio House will call upon tin member by name, who will rise iu his place, aud express ids sense of the honour proposed to lie conferred upon liim, and submit blmieif to tbe will of tlio House. Should a second member be proposed, similar motion wiil be made and seconded. V.'bcn tbcre is only one candidate, tho question is not put, but tho Speaker- elect is con ducted to tho chair, and, standing upon tlio steps makes ids acknowledgment ; nfrer which he will be congratulated by the leading members on cither side of the House. Tlio House is then usually informed when the Governor wiil receive the Speaker, and will adjourn until that time — generally tlio next day at 12 o'clock — when tlio Speaker Is presented. Somo alterations havo bacn maio in the Assembly chamber during the recess with regard to the ventilation. A machine is to be employed for tho purpose of keeping up a canstant current of air, and seme of the glass lias been removed from the roof in order if possible to obtain a more perfect means of venti lation ihaa existed during last session. A change has also boon made in the arrangements of the reporters' gallery, to that accommodation might bo given to tho Hansard staff. Sir Francis Murpity will bo proposed as Speaker, most probably by a member of the Government, but the appointment will probably give rise to considerable dlscnssion. It is said that n petition will be presented against tho sittiog members for East Melbourne, on the ground of irregularity on the part of the deputy returning-oflicers, one of whom, it is alleged, opened tho ballot-box while the poll was being taken ; and another, it is stated,: did not commence taking tlio poll until 10 o'clock, and was not present until that hour. Tho following letter lias been received by the President of tho Commission of ilie Intercolonial Exhibition, from the Coionlnl Secretory of New Zealand : — Colonial Secretaiy'a office, Welling ton, lGtli January, 1320. — Sir, I havo the honour lo acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 20th ult., to his Excelleuey the Governor, announcing that an exhibition is to lio belt in Melbourne nbout August next, and requesting tlio co-operation of the New Z-aland Govern ment. In reply I linva to inform you Hint on the 13th of October last, tlio New Zealand Government appointed a Commission, consisting of the Superintendents of tlio several provinces of New Zealand, for the purposo of aecuring the proper representation nt thnt exhibition of the produce, arts, and manufactures of tills colony. I enclcso a copy of the New Zealand Gazette, No. 41, 16th February, 18G3, containing a noti fication of eucIi appointment. The p intcd notices received here lately will be published iu Iho New Zealand Gazette, nnd copies of them distiibuted in tiie several provinces. I beg lo assure you of every desire ou tlio part of tho Government to do all in its power topromme the object in view, the great importance of which it fully appreciates. I have, etc., E. II. Stai'- l'Oltl). Hem? progress was made on Saturday in (ho case of Bruce v. The Qusen, several iti ras in tho petitioners' claim having been considered. It can hardly bo ex-pocled, however, that tbe trial will be concluded before tho e.vpl -y of another fortnight. Amongst trio contributions f romlsed to the Intercolonial Exhibition, Is one, wo hear, from the Model Yacht Club, which wiil doubtless go far to prove the practical heut/lt of such a club, being a series of models of tiie dllF.-reut varieties of yacht build, showing their relative qualities and value, and tbe result of the club's experience in tlieso nautical matters. The privilege of freo psssago through the Custom-house of dutiable goods forwarded from the otiicr colonies, for the purposes »f exhibition, lias been accorded to iliu Intercolonial Commis sioners by tire Commissioner of Trade nnd Cus toms. To rentier Ilia privilege thoroughly efi'tctive, the Exhibition Building is to be de clined a "bond," apian adopted in tho case of the London Building. Tlio adjourned meeting for tlio celebration of St. David's Day, was held on Saturday, under the presidency of 31 r. Benjamin J run or. Messrs. Trc-vor Jones nnd Henry Jenkins, were unani mously nominated treasurer and secretary. The following gentlemen were invited to act on the committee: — Messrs. B. G. Davh'.s, M.L.A. ; G. Evans, M.I..A. ; II. Garland, Bsnjimin James, Morgan James, llenry Jenkins, tenr. ; llcnry Jenkins, junr. ; Trevor Jonas, — Manuri, Harms Mler, Wllilr.in Bets, I). J. Thomas, M.D., D. Thomas, Mayor of Stmdiidga ; John Jones Thomas, 13. A. ; Samuel Tliomas, G. Tilley, junr. ; — Vauglinn, M'illhiui Waiklns, M.L.A. j and D. J. Williams, M.D. aud J.l'. Our local correspondent writes: — Another start has been made with the Coiihan Watrr scheme. Tho men, after being employed r.b nil three months, havo just received one month's pay. Tho delay has caused groat eatisfae- llon among tlio tradespeople at Ainhncshury, and some refnred the labourers any further credit. Tlio same occurrence is noticeable nt Stelgiita. A number of the members of the Metropolitan and Suburban Volunteer Arti iery comvni.ies assembled on Saturday aftercoou ou the Prince's Bridge Reserve, for the purpose of going t brooch several of the evolutions of haUr.lion drill. The manoeuvres wero creditably performed by the email numb-.r c:f men on the ground, md a now movement ca'hd " Trooping the uoi mrs" w::s ox'plaincd. Colonel Anderton expressed himself satisfied with the efficiency of tiie mm present, but disappointed at the email muster. Yesterday morning n few iiiinntea after 4 o'clock, a tiro broko out in a four-roomed house situated in Nott street, Siintbidgr. Tlio house, which was constructed of wood, was owned and occupied by J. C. Sarnly, a bail man. The next house adjoining was unoccupied, and was owu d by Mrs. Costelio. Both were totally destioyed. A portion of ilie roof of the next Iiduk-, owned and occupied by II. Lnrktns, was also burnt. SnwJy's house and furniture were insured for L1U0, but Larkins' W03 uninsured. The origin of the tiro is unknown. The iocel nud a por tion nf til 3 Melbourne Firo Brigades were promptly in attendance, and succeeded in s'up- piug the firo before any further damage was done. A meeting of chessplayers was held on Satur day, nt tlio " Temple of Pomona," Bouiks street, to adopt risks for a cfcess tonin inicnt, submitted to them by a provisional committee. Sir George Stephen presided, when rules were brought up by the committee, and agreed to with a few verbal amendments. The tournament i: to he conducted in the some imuni!r as adopted in England. Tlio entrance is to he Ll. The prizes will bo six, which will ho In money. T he winner of the first prizo Is liable lo'lie challenged by any comer for u rertniu period (lo b_> fixed) after he lias won it. Deputes, etc., nro n'l to lie settled by n mnuaging coininiita , .to bo elected when nil competitors hive given iu their unities. Entiles for the tournar.-.em close on Ilia 1st of March. All rules, etc , will bo promulgated shortly by tlio committee, An accident happened to Blr. Marshall at Lnuriston, on Saturday morning last, by which lie had his right thumb end forefinger sever-.ly lacerated aud crushed. It appeals the men were lifting the rod of the pump by hum! instead of nltaciiiug a rcpa as usual, when they let it tlip, thus causing the misfortune. Incendiarism appo.-.rs to he on tlio increase. Mr. Delahny, on the Ktffor Pluin3, had severe slack, of hay destroyed by tiro on Wednesday last. It appears that iio had impounded some cattle a dny cr tvro previous, and was threatened that he should be n loser by it. Another fire occurred nbout half-past 4 o'clock ou Satur day morniug last in Mr. Dcluhuuly's peildock, uenr tlio Punt hotel, close to the Siliv/sier Bridge. It was first perceived by r. man named Yi'hile, r. boatman, who was going lo fish. lie at first thought it was piggevlc-s near the city abattoirs on five, but when ha got nearer lie found it wiis n haystack iu the p lildoek. For tunately the wind was not high or .lie fire might hare spread to too bridge. Mr. D.Jukunty shot some gouts a few days ego, end was threalcnrd for si doing. Ono woman near at hand laid it. served him right. The r.ccomprnyipg bit of harvest news is for warded by cur Gollbau correspondent : — Mr. Lnndrigsn last W6ek ( lira. lied the yield of 03 acres of wheat, which produced OP.OO bu->!ic)s, of a medium size; the average weight being sbcut 651b. to 701b. In tlio paddock belonging to Mr. Hunter, and the next to the above, weio i,oras splendid samples of osts; the staiks stumliog iu tlm lower part, near theJUlvcr Colitan, were 7/t. high. We have repeatedly urged tlio necessity, says the Slaryborauylt Adec.rl'uer, of providing an asylum for thooe who, through old ego and sick ness, cro incapacitated from cotitinuiog their courao through the struggle for lif s ; mid it munt be apparent from the mouy cases tlmt are almost deity brought under notice, that tin time has ar rived when emnelhiug must he done towards alleviating suficring of the form wa havo men tioned. Wo instance the following ns a cose in paint: — At the Avoca Poiicu Court on TucsJjy lnst, a veteran, aged rereuty-one, who had arrived nt the three score and ten period witli uiiblemisrd character, and who was always known ns u tradesman (blacksmith) of industiious habits and good reputation, was made, of necessity, to answer to tlio chorgo of having- no lawful visible means of support. It appeared that tho poor old fellow had not been succetsful in "courting dame Fortune'a golden emile," and a chronic attack of rheumatism completed tiie work of destruction, throwing Mm on tho cold charity ' the world. Ills friends were unable to main tain him; the State provides no refuge for honest poverty ; and tho only reeourco was to brand him as n felon by committing liim to gaol. Tho police magistrate — Mr. G. Warburton Carr — in committing him to the Maryborough Gnol for ono month, cxprosstd his commiseration with the caso, and said that every care would be taken tn seeuro the attontion necessary in his debili tated condition, and hoped that at tlio expiration of his sentence a permanent asy-'um woul! be provided for liim, at the tame tiino commenting on lite sail necessity of treating as a criminal one whose only oiTcnca was inability to work. Wo may add that tho worthy police magistrate had soma difficulty in porsuading the prisoner to accept the ouly alternative left. A better argu ment than this in support of the proposed bene volent asylum at 31a yborough could scarcely ba given. Iu illustration of the number of cases disposed of at the City Police Court, excluaivo of sum- manses and publicans' licenses, wo append tiiei following list, which will show Hint tlm magis trates of tlio civic tribunal are always kept fully employed. From January to June, 1881, the number of offences amounted to 8680. From June to December, til tbo snine year, 858! ;' mulling a total of 7207. Tho first half-year in 1865 showed Hint 8872 prisoners had been before the Bench; and in the remaining six montin, up to December last, 4204 cases wero heard; tusking a total for 1835 of 8576 prisoners dealt with. The miraculous escape of the youngest son of Mr. Ready, chemist, of Maryborough, n child between two and three yonrs old, from a violent dcatii on. Wednesday afternoon, is recorded by tlio Adotrlher, Tbo child was playing in front of tbo shop, and a9 tlio Castlemaine c inch, drawn by four bora s, enmo up the street, Iho little fellow ran out into the road, was knocked down by tbe horses, nud the wiioio team and the vehicle passed over hhn. Au ugly bruise on the cl.iow, which lias caused the arm to swell .con siderably, was tho only injury sustained by the t-lifid. It is almost Impusdble to believo that so little injury resulted from tho accident, nnd it is a matter of wonder lisw the child managed to escape being crushed under the wheels. The number of prisoners detained in the Cen tral Gnol on Saturday last was 810, who wero cl of, Hied ns follows: — For trial before the Su preme Court, 25 moles, 3 females; b, fore mngis- trnteo, 0 males, 0 females. Under sentence: Hard labour, 140 males, 25 females; imprison ment, 57 males, 22 females;. lunatics, 15 males, 9 females ; in default of bail, 25 malc«, 12 females; debtor, 1. J ames Ren, tlio attorney's clerk who or Fri day last assaulted Judgo Skinner in Pall Mali, Sandhurst, was taken bvforo th» local Bench on Siturdny morning, and Bt bis own request, remanded until Saturday, bail being allowed. As a singular phenomenon the Castiemainc Daily A eics gives tho following : — " On Fri day afternoon, during the thunderstorm, a stream of the electric fluid entered theiialf-cpencd window of Mr. Grant's house (merchant at Maimsbury), and split into a tbousaud fragments a fine large mirror near the window. Somo of the dust Is ns tins ns quartz powder, and the fractures have assumed most curious shapes in many instances St.rnngo to say the effect of tho flash was limited to its fantastic freak on the glass, and but for this damage tho visit of the electric guest would have been unknown. The fiiocr.lI of the late Mr. Thomas Ilind- inarsh, a prominent member of tho Maryborough Mining Board, nud a gentleman well known throughout the Avoea district, who met his death by drowning in crossing the Emerald Hill ferry o'a the night of tlio 8tli hist., look place yesterday afternoon, when the remains of the unfortunate gentleman wero buried i:i the Church of England portion of tho Melbourne Gc-ntral Cemetery. The evidence taken nt the inquest was of the most meagre kind, nnd sur prise has been manifested that so Btalwart a periou should havo so suddenly perished within i few yaids of the ferry-boat and with abundance of help close at hand. His age was forty-four years, 'and lm was a native of Kelso, Roxburgh shire, Scotland. We have received from Messrs. Bafclicldcr nnd Co. copies of portraits taken by them of tlio Bishop t.f Sydney and the late llev. Dr. Lillio, of CauKrbury, N.Z. In each case tit; likeness is excellent. A private Irinl of Hart's new patent quartz- crushing macbino was mado on Friday last, when a number of gentlemen attended Mr. Iln-t's fun: ulry j in Latrobc street, to witness Iho experiments. The machine has been described previously In tbeso columns, and it merely re mains to state that tho trials with it have entirely answered the expectations of the p-tcntee ; indeed, lie statss that it works better than ho anticipated, the stone, which was placed inside tho largo cylinder being crushed to the liucst powder, und the sluice discharged with the greatest ease. A public crushing will take place somo day tills week, which will be notified. Tiie machine lias h:eu mode for tlm Lion Co , nt lietmlla, nt a cost of L1053, nud soiuo idea of its ponderosity may be formed from tbo fact that the two revolving cyliudora weigh 25 tons together. It is txpecled lliat with a G-Iiorsepower engine from 300 to 400 tons per week will readily lie crusliefi, in n much more superior manner than by the present mode of stampers. A complimentary dinner Is lo bo civen next Saturday evening to Mr. Barry Sullivan on the occasion -»f Ids departure f.om the colony. It wiil he laid in St. Georga's-ball. Those who liava originated the movemcut expect that it will be very successful. On matters agricultural tho Maryborough Adcertiser litis the accompanying : — "Tbe pru dent fariuc-rs in the district are busily engaged ploughing up their land, in readiness for spring time. It is remarkable thnt this yenr ploughing stubble lend is an easy matter, tbe ground being as friable r.s an ashpit. This is accounted for by tho fict that thero has been no rain lieavy enough lo sodden the ground since the Hind was ploughed up last year. This will make the pad docks in excellent order for the reception of next yc-av's seed; in font, most of tlio Ir.r.'l in this neighbourhood has been lying almost fallow for tin last nine mouths, so that if the coming season is at nil favourable, tbo growth of crops will, it is hoped, bo luxuriating — comper, sating, in soma measure, for the late and present dearlli." Although the rainfall in the neighbourhood of Melbourne ou Friday was so slight as to lie Bcavceiy mora than perceptible, in some parts of tho country the welcome moisture wis expe rienced to a very beneficial extent. Tiie Bal- Inarat 6tar says: — "Tho wcnilicr broko on Friday ; a thunderstorm in tbe afternoon re lieving the sultry heat of tiie forenoon and bring ing a copious rainfall during tlio passage ot the storm, which lasted some two hours. 3'lie tern- pcraturc was only temporarily reduced by tbo storm, and the ovenlng was Btill sultry. During tlio tliuoderstoiin, tho lightning struck n branch of a tree near tlio Banner of War hotel, and shivered It to pieces. Wratlinll's and Veal's coaches were not mora than forty or fifty yards distant from Ilia spot nt tho time, and several of tho passengers who noticed the occurrence were struck with con sternation.'; The rtf. A , Mail states :— " Tlio intense heat of the past few days culminated on Friday. In tho morning the wind blew from the north, aud the atmosphere was evidently highly charged with electricity. At abaul one o'clock the wind veered to tho west, and gra dually wore round to tho south, dense clouds gathering in the moan time from all points of tbe compass. Towards four o'clock distant rum blings sad frequont vivid flashes of lightning gave notice of a coming storm, and In a short time the welcome rain began to descend. A considerable quantity of water fell, bat not suffi- cient to iucrea>e to any very annrnTiTTT" the supply for mining purposes, althouri1"" water tanks for domestic use must 1 " well replenished. 1 1 Is to be feared that S have to pass through another fiery ordVS"1 ! Hie blessing of rain will be og„i„ voSiY0'' : Iu reference to the extraordinary am!' Ul- : which the heavens presen ted at sunset on ' tiny, persons resident a few miles from ; maiue state Hint it gave rise to ll10 imu e' J that Hie township was In flames; IT, ® convinced were they of tho fact, ihat mora 7i cue came in on Friday to see the cxtcnUf n calamity. At Daylcsford tho rain wa. . heavy, ns also at Ncwstead. At Tarndalo Ji"1 slight quantity fell, nnd at Kyneton a-?,' nny. Sandhurst, also, was not favoured, any." Bll|i A boat race got up by the Customs offin- stntloncd Iu Hobson's Bay came off on iiaturl ' " One boat's crew was compossd'of thlo surve nnd tlio other of tide waiters. The course''0"' about four miles, nod was to bo tried ones an?' canvas. The tide waiters were the victor, i botli events. " A vory sensible letter oppoared in Sntur.lr.,' Hendiyo A door User on the subject of 1011111-;.' Hon. The writer sets out with tho statemra Hint, In combination with duties on goods e Ji manufactured in the colouy, it is necessary p., should lie an iucreaso in the population of is! country if home manufactures nro to hosucce, fully encouraged. He llisn suggests that ai tu present system of offering inducements to cm slants from the United Kingdom ha3 fnikj ," materially increase tho inhabitant of Victoria' similar facilities and encouragements should held out to stimulnte emigration from tiie e!r tincnt of Europe, where nt present soiree'" ouythtng is known of Australia. This plm t remarks, is partially adopted by Sjug, ' tralia. " A clear caso of being struck by lightning « curretl, according to the Kyneton Ob,c,e 'T during tho storm on Friday afternoon. It a,' pcrs that Mr. Smith nnd Mr. Forpe, lu'j farmers, were standing talking together duti3f tlm thunderstorm, when they felt eimultantou-|, a smart blow— Mr. Smith on the Itcnd, and sir Forge on the faco and back— and on loofe d- vi u beside them the heads of the potato: we-e completely blackened, nnd smoke was t|.|E- uji from the ground. Mr. Forgo was dcpiivet ot sight for several minutes afterwards, end suf. fared for n long lime with a severe jiv-nebf Mr. Smith, beyond tlio aching of the' lie;/ rscap.d uninjured. \Yo havo not hoard of any serious accidents having takeu place, Ibouji rumours of one or itvo places having beer, fi were prevalent about the town. T'ltii L'cnrtigo Advertiser lias heard on vtrr rclh'de authority Hint Mr. Mlcliio, "Ito liiiui Victorian correspondent, has, or wiil likely t!. eeive an intimation from London that his s;t. vieec will for tho future be dispensed with, Tlm violent thunderstorm which occurred k Frldcy afternoon was attended, mentions t'li lie. ttnrat Star, with the loss of at lean one Ik At half-past 4 o'clock, while Mrs. Georg), istn I of Mr. Cox, of tho Showyard hotel, Smta'oo, vrns stnndiug in the verandah of the building, & was struck dead by a flash of lightning. During tho short teim I11 which Mr. linnj SuTivm nuJ his company arc lo occupy the boards of the Theatre Royal several of tlio piece which have been jiayed during picvii us seasons will bo produced. On .Saturday " Rmneo cad Juliet" was revived. Mr. Sullivan cppeircdcs Mcrcutio, the moat brilliant of all tbe characters In the tragedy, but unfortunately or.e wliii-h is 'early extinguished. This is ono cf Mr. Sulli van's most successful impersonnlioiia, and bis efforts on Saturday night met with the avirovci of a largo audience. Mrs. R. Heir is rcarceiv youthful enough fur tho daughter of Capulct, and lite rami remark mny apply t-i Mr. Heir's R-itnt-o. Mrs. Weoidridgo deserves speeid mention fur her acting as tho garrulous old nurse. Mr. Fitzgerald sustained iho part of Tybalt, Mr. Ireland that of tho Friar, nnd Mr. Garwood, Lord Cnpnlet. Tho f.irco of "Tin Spont.ro Bridegroom," with Mr. Ireland as Jfr. Niccdemus, was played as an aftorpiec.). "The Cinttslcd Election" r/ns ptotedtt tho Ilnym-vkct Tbcutre, on Saturday eVAn, with Mr. Coppin and Mr. Ho. kins in the principal characters. The houso was well fl'.U4 in every part . by an audience which tliort-ughiy appreciated the genuine wit nnd humour of tin comedy. The plot, although somewhat im probable, sc-ivts to introduce a groat number o( episodes In the history of n contested citation a tlio old fashioned days of bribery and open voting — some of Hie incidents being uot olio- gather inapplicable to tlio events of Hie put fortnight. Tho town of Flamborsugli hoists of n clever although impecunious solicitor, Dodgsoa (Mr. 11 o". kins), nu clcclioncering Imtciier, Peckover (Mr. Coppinj, who is tlio President nt the Blue i.amh', u number of voters who bar: deputed hhn tn sell their votes to tlio Iiigbnt bidder, with the proviso that thoy will take twenty siiiliiogs per head lets from a libirnl tks from 11 conservative, and Topper, a pubiiciu (Mr. Milne), who is tlio backer of a similar rsuc- elation of pen ids, yclept tbe Gree-u Lions. These personages are ia a most unhnppy state cf mind nt Hie thought of there being no contest ia the borough, and by working upon tlio ambili o of Mrs. Ilouo.ybiin (Mrs. Hill) they induce Lt; husband, a. retired wholesale grocer (Mr. Slcwr.rt), to nl!.. v himself to hi nominated, act to place L800 in iiic hands of Dedgson ior the expenses of the contest. Hew tlio tnbics ate turned upon that worthy through the instru mentality of n banister, who is in love with Mis Honcybun, would tnke n considerable nmoitntt spneo to explain, besides being r.n injustice t: the author. Tho 1 est scenes nrc those 1:1 ivld.-i Mr. Dedgson niiroitly humbugs n deputation tlio electors, mid iiu indignation of Mr. Pti- bur at being proposed to be paid wl ll Iialt-Uitii, lira other halves not to lie fortiicoais; until after tho (he lion. Mr. Coppin, u tha shrewd butcher disgtiisisg his tiicituj uuder Hie appe-iranca of n vast nuiooct of bluff downright John Bnliism, and Mr. Hoskins, ns tiie da-lcug electioneering soiiclter, hid parts peculiarly adapted /or tho display «' their respective clfi'tties, ivhih Mr. Stewart «i vory happy n> (he- ratired Hiitiiii tradesman, whoso love for euse induced him to obey in tTtry respect the dictritl.r of Ids umbilicus spouse, trie to lite extent ol encrqing in a contested election. Mr. Mlino did mnpl? juslico lo the put tof Topffr, nnd Mrs. Ililt was a fur representative of Mr:. Honcybun, nUhough we would remind hefted u little mora utlcntiou to her toilette wou'd net he disadvantageous. Iu the third not, where st' rustics into the cnidiuittce room, she should be i" wniking costume, and not in full dress. Tte f-itce of a " Kiss in tha Dark" brought tho per formances to n closo. The same pieces will to produced this evening. Miss Grace Egtrton will shortly rc-cppear it (lie Poly Itch nic Institution. 