The Novelist. NORMAN AND GRIND. A TALE OF THE PRESENT DAY. Chaftib XV. By The Author of "Mildred's Wedding," &c.;, &c.; Bendigo Advertiser. PHILIP RAYNER had been sorely tried during the last fortnight. Unable to go to Willow Grove during the stay of its present odious guest, and unwilling to risk letters or messages to Fairy wbioh might nerer reach her, he became • prey to every rumor which encompassed him. Mr. Norman was killed—was dying—was dead } be himself was to be arrested for manslaughter ; Mr. Woodford was outrageous, Mrs. Woodford in fits; Fairy was ill with ferer—she was engaged to Mr. Norman—she was going to be married the moment he had recoTered. Scorning this last report, Philip persuaded him* self that the rumor of her illness alone alarmed frim, and unable to control his anxiety, he rode out to the village of Willowdean to ascertain the truth. It was evening when he armed, and although he was soon reliered from all fear respecting Fairy's health, he heard so much else that angered and pained him, that he resolved to see her before he returned home. In Tain, however, he lingered about the Tillage and in the lanes near the house; Fairy did not even come into the garden, and night drew on without hit baring caught a glimpse of her. The moving lights in the windows, the shadow of Mr. Norman on the blind, the light and cheerfulness that, to Philip's jealous fancy, sparkled in the house—onoe his home, hut now dosed to him and living so merrily without him —maddened him. Involuntarily, as darkness fell down around him, and he no longer feared being seen, his steps drew him again and again past the garden, till at hut, giving himself up to bis thoughts, he leaned gloomily against the old elm without the gate, and watched the house till his desire to see Fairy fastened upon him like an agony. And mingled with this painful long ing were some very bitter feelings concerning Mr. Norman, the stranger, for whom he was sow shut out from the home of his childhood, and separated from her who in old times had been his playmate, and was now the dearest hope of his life. Besting in the chill darkness against the rough elm, he thought, with a cruel pang, of those old days, and of later times when be had given Fairy many a playful kiss beneath the shadow of this very tree, where he now stood so disconsolate, lonely, and uncared for. He remembered their earliest youth, when their unconscious love deepened the blushes on Fairy's cheek and trembled on his lip at every word. He tried to recollect when he had first loved her, bnt no time returned to his memory when she had not been dear to him. Then the fancy came to him that this love had had no beginning, but was co-existent with himself and as imperishable as his own souL But this thought haunts us all at times. At those rare and mysterious moments when we catch a glimpse of some sublime purpose that shapes our lives, we seem to feel that our love has not been brought into by the beloved one, but was waiting in our heart for her, and we yielded it as her due when she appeared. Long, long before she came we loved her, and even jealously guarded our love, lest any other should lessen the rich treasure of affection we knew to be the right only of the appointed one. It is only once in life that we thus give the whole heart entirely. Second love is full of reserves, of prudent considerations, a thing of expedience, a compromise with our destiny, the rough raft on which we drift through the sea of life when our bark is gone down. And never to this love do we bare the whole soul; no, not even when years have given confidence; and trust, no longer spontaneous, has grown out of habit. We may smile mournfully, or we may weep—sometimes we do both—over these broken memories; but there still remains in our heart that one spot, wounded and shrinking, over which we have thrown this veil of silence, and we do not lift it even to the wife of our bosom. Two or three withered leaves, a few faded letters, a look of hair over which we lean with eyes in whose darkness there rests the shadow of an unutterable grief —these are all we have of that deathless, unforgotten time. And yet the man who thus gazes on these husks of a departed love has recalled to his face an expres sion it has not worn for years. Never has he looked into the face of his wife as ho looks now on this poor withered flower and that worn letter that trembles in bis hand. She shall live and die with him, and yet never see upon his features that look of love, and trust, and yearnings un . utterable, that full language of the soul they wear now. In this one instant, as ghosts ante before him, the maak is stripped, and he gazes on them with the eyes of a dead man—the man he keeps buried within him with a great stone of worldly cares, and troubles, and daily struggles, rolled upon his sepulchre, wbioh his band shall never lift. In all their familiar household inter course she never sees this face of his past youth, save, perchance, for one wistful moment by the fire before the lights come, when they sit alone, and the shadow of it passes for an instant, and vanishes even as she speaks or silently wonders at it. She, his wife, counts him happy, and yet be knows that when lie comes to die—perhaps a worn, aged man—and she and his children stand round his bed, there will be mingled with the pang of parting a fluttering joy, a strange wonder and hope that he shall see her again. Ah! how many tombs do we pass on our way through life, and how much of us dieß and is buried before we give up the struggle wholly, and yield to the earth the poor shell which we feel is itself but a grave! And yet we must not tarry on the way; we all have to thrua aside our haunting memories, to bury " our dead out of our sight," and to go forth to the world, calling cheerfully to our fellow-laborers as we roll up the bill day by day the Sisyphus ■tone of care which never reaches the summit. The lights in the lower windows had stolen silently away, and the stars had crept out in the »ky, before Philip awoke from his reverie. Then he started as he saw the figure of Fairy, clearly defined by the lamp she held, standing at her : open window, and gazing upwards with a face on which the shadow of heaven, as it fell, seemed to leave some of its own glory. So pure, so pale, so beautiful did she appear as the glitter ing moonlight shone over her, turning her white robe to silver, and shedding a halo of holy light, around her fair head. In the fervent worship of his young unworldly kheart, Philip half-fancied that an angel's visible presence stood before him, and shrinking back into the shadows, he stood silent and irresolute. ~——A MJnnk Wore and he would have given a life's ranaom to apeak; now ho felt that world could not tempt him to utter a word; hit reverence overcame hit lore, even as sunlight dimi a fire. Moreover, the hot' yearning of his heart wh ■tilled; at aight of her ererj jealoua doubt fled, every sick, and ireful fancy vanished away, every painful auspicion was hushed to rest, and Peace, like a dove, descended and folded her wings on hia hreaat. It waa such happineaa, and comfort, and joy only to see her —it was such rest un speakable to see her unchanged. He wanted nothing more now, for he knew ahe loved him ; he knew it by the upward look ao full of calm and innocence that teemed to breathe a prayer for him, and he knew it by the mighty love that filled hia own spirit. Thus calmed by her pre sence, he stood concealed by the deep shadow of the old tree till she cloaed her window, and the drawn blind hid from his sight the fair face h» loyed so well. The moment was gone now when he could hare spoken, but he did not regret that it was lost. As he still lingered to watch the graceful shadow that flitted for an instant across the window, he felt that although he might hare a right to gaze on her thus, he had none to agitate or alarm her by making her acquainted with his presence. A pleasure once found it it hard to forego. Philip came again and again to Willowdean only to watch the gleam of a lamp or a fleeting shadow aa it came and went in grey stillness on the white blind. He counted the boon of Mr. Norman's stay with fereriah impatience, antici pating the moment when he should hare that little figure again by his side whoae silent shadow now moved his heart to such throbbing tenderness. He nerer guessed that he waa already virtually forbidden the houae, ao im possible did any breach between him and the Woodfords appear to hia mind. Long ago, heedless of Mr. Norman's presence, he would hare presented himself at the houae, but for the consideration that a quarrel there would be too unseemly to risk, and but for a shrinking instinctive knowledge that Mr. Woodfordwu ao much in hit rival's power that it would be ungenerous to force him to choose between them. On this night, little dreaming of the snare laid for him, Philip came earlier than usual, and securing hia horse to the low pailings over which the honeysuckles in summer hung in dusters, he advanced to the tree whence he had a view of Fairy's window. What was his as tonishment to perceive Mr. Norman there, stretched at hia ease on an armchair, a cigar in his mouth, a serene expression of enjoyment lighting up his well-cut face, as, framed by the window, it shone out upon the night-air like a picture illuminated by the lamp which stood behind him. Slowly he puffed, and the curling smoke, pouring from the open window, ascended into the clear heaven that had shone down on Fairy's upturned face. Truly Mr. Norman enjoyed hia position. This waa a revenge that suited him—cool, subtle, malicious—far beyond the coarser vengeance that fires ballets or draws swords; and understanding perfectly, through a certain refinement in his own nature, aU the gall and bitterness of the pain he was inflioting, he smoked on with a sense of enjoyment that was a luxury. The dainty little room once hia own, ao fami liar and dear to Philip's memory, in which, by the light of the lamp, he could ace Fairy'a straw hat and cloak hanging by the door and hia neat bookcase, and even his picture by the chimney-piece—seemed desecrated now for ever by the insolent presence of this man. Exaspe rated, smarting, and stung by a aenae of injury that made him mad, Philip quitted the shade of the tree, and advanced towards the gate. Still Mr. Norman never stirred, nor even turned hia careless, handsome head to notice him. Then Philip opened the gate and walked up the avenue in too angry a mood to care for conse quences, and longing only to find his fist in closer proximity to that irritating, well-defined profile. He scarcely knew what he was doing, or what his purpose was, but the agony of absence and separation waa on him, added to a fierce jealousy and anger, which Mr. Norman's easy carelessness and insolent silence exasperated to a boundless wrath. Determined to make him apeak, Philip continued to advance up the centre road, the moonlight shining in a full flood over him, and glittering in silvery rays on leaf and flower. In the fierce rage that gnawed at his heart, he courted the light, and walked in the full glare of the moon, firmly resolved to stand his ground, and force his enemy to some kind of parley. Still Mr. Norman never changed the cool ease of his attitude nor relaxed a muscle of bis countenance till Philip stopped in the very centre of the walk, just beneath the window, where a silver flood of light poured down on his earnest face, his flushed brow, and fair curia, bathing all in a glistening pallor touched by an unutterable sadness. Then Mr. Norman put down his cigar, and taking the harmless gun in his hand, he turned to speak the biting, cruelly-polite sentence, long since prepared, which had danced upon his toague and flavored his cigar this minute past; but the word died on his lips, for a figure sprang from a side walk, and a little hand clasped Philip's arm, while he, with an excla mation of joy, bent hia head to meet the up turned loving face of Fairy! Aa these two young figures met thus with an involuntary kiss, the moonbeams glittered and sparkled around them like sprites bent on showing Mr. Norman a tight he hated. Fairy looked deathly pale in the wan light, as extending one hand towards him, she exclaimed, in a voice faint and low from terror — "Do not fire, Mr. Norman; it is Philip Bayner." But before Mr. Norman could reply, Charlie Woodford, dashing out of the shrubs, saluted him with a roar of laughter, and turned head over-heels all the way down the walk till the gates stoped him. [TO BE CO.VTIHOED IM OCX. KEXT.] A. Difficult Captcbx.—Within the laat few days some persons in Sandhurst hare been victi mised for small amounts by cheques being passed on them by an adventurer from Mel bourne. The cheques purported to be drawn on the Bank of Victoria in Melbourne, and were returned dishonored. Information was given to the police, and on Saturday night, Sergeant Drought, in plain clothes, accompanied by Mr. George Quin —one of the victims—took a tour of observation' around the town. About 8 o'clock they were in Mundy-street, when their attention was attracted by a row between a man and some women. The police officer went up to the parties, and on looking at the man, and thinking he recognised him as the *' wanted," he went up close to him and put soate question regarding the women with whom he was quar reling, when tan* ciremonie the ruffian struck him a heavy blow in the face. Sergeant Drought endeavored to arrest him, but he was so agile and strong that Mr. Quin, and subsequently Mr. M'Orath, of the Harp and Shamrock Hotel, had to assist in the capture anil to convey the man. to the lock-up.— 