IVEOTURE ON ENGLISH LITERATURE. Tho first of a series-of .Ileotures on "The English Langnage and! LitoraturoV. was dolivorod last ortning inr tho Hall of tho School of Arte, by G. B. Barton. Esq., Reader in the English Language and ' Literatura in tho University'of Bydnoy.' The audience was nu- merous abd very, attentive. ' Mr. BAB'TON,' dh commencing his lecture, said he had In view two objoots- first," to trace tho origin and de- velopment of .'the English' langúago ;-and Second, io trace tho progress of tho English mind throughout tho Bama period. There wera somo leading principles which ought to guide ovory ono who entered into these studios, and which, if observed, would. saTo much timo and labour.! The:-first principio waa that thoso studies should be pursued not merely for the purpose of be- coming acquainted with individual authors, but for' the higher purpose of understanding the mental character' of tho . nation. Literaturo is the development ot the human - mind. Literaturo in general presonts us with the history of the human mind : and English literature gives us tho special his- tory of tito English' mind, ana shows tho various tan donciee of national character.- In the usual habit of desultory roading popple lose sight of tho chief objects of -this noble study.1 The second principio wai that as every literaturo in itself constitutes a system it should bo studied as a Bystem, as physical sciences are studied ; that is they.should seek a complete view of it. Our literaturo contains various systems, as political soionco, and political economy, poetry, and philosophy. There is in our national writers a complete system of opinion on theso' topics. Evfry nuttier . has: hia place in this system, as every brick has its place in the building. The author is moulded by influences around him, and guided by tboso who have precoded them. Then at various periods external influences have been brought' to .boar ,on national literature. The Italian mind nt ono' period had great influenco on tho English .mind.' . The, french mind afterwards, and nt a still 'later period, the Gorman mind exercised a great iriffueace' 'on" the-English mind. Then- again the in- vention of printing,, and tho reformation of religion had eaoh a very great influenoo on English mind. Tho fiuhjact . Jed. him to remark on th» falso, manner in which th» classics are taught in our schools. Boys ore tauuht jnorply ,tho contents of Virgil, Horace, or Euripides ; then is left out of sight tho subject of the growth of the intolleotual Woof thoso great nations, the Greeks and Romans. Now a work could only be judged by comparison .with other productions of tho Bama . people. If .thoy looked ht any work produced in this oolony, ' and compared it with works produced in England , they might think them > very ? inferior. , But if they traced tho growth of Australian literature from year to ?'ear, they would find an nd vaheo in intelligence. The hird principle was, that tho study of any literature .should ba baled on a .critical study, of the language in ..which it was written. Unless the finest thoughts wero .expressed in appropriate language thoir fores was greatly lost'.' Take two English wrlters-^-Gibbon and Macaulay. Gibbon is little known* comparatively; partly, bocau!» ho wrote lome time ago, and partly bo cause his stylo is not to bo comparad with that of Macaulay. A few canturías; back they found authors who eocbibitod avery différent-state of the. English language to what now prevails. Take Ohauoer for in- stance. With eaoh author in a previous period this difficulty increased.',-They needed, therefore, a correct Bad critical knowledge of tho language. , The fourth nrlnoinla was that lanoruanre should be studied in its ?olontlflo rotations, and not simply . in its grammatical rules. Grammar is an essential part of education. Bul them is also the history and poetry of language to be (Considered. Thora was no necessity of .teaching any iboy the grammar "of his own language. Ono whc ?heard persons apeale cornelly in his own family oirolo, \- ihad no noed to learn rules of syntax. Tho principles of .comparative philology might bo taught to boya. Whv ahould.a hov bo taught Latin by ono master andErenolt ¡by another Y Tho English langungo should bo mad« (the basia of all Hnguistio toaohing In sohool. Thoy «hpuld.cornrnenoo with the Bnglish language aa it is noir ;' then ascend to an earlier period | - thou take other lariguàgé»/ Pronch, Italian/ Bpanlsh. These and a larg« class of languages could bs undoratcod only by th« Latin from which thoy wera all dorlvod. The Englialt language ' was originally a German dlaloot, and they found themselves com- pelled to study tho German, and with* out the origin of .th« English. It was also libo tho Dulah, Danish, and Ioelandio. If. English wera mada the basis of linguistic training, a bay would on loavlug sohool','bo able to pursuo the Investigation into the relations of various languages. Tho first toplo was tho origin of the English language. To'troat of this, they must remember early English history; and call to mind tho various raoos which took possession of England imarassivoly, -The original, inhabitants of . Britain wow ' Dolts. Thosp Dolts .who'inliabltod tho island wore oallod. Britons,, Tba Dolls werosoma of tho first'great tri bee who flowo'd' dbwh from tho east. In Macaulay's history, it was said that Cæsar found the Britons much in tho same state in which Cook found the Sandwich.Islanders. ..This was great error : but it was tho error of the,day, not of Macaulay. There had been great discoveries within the last twenty years. The Celts were not wanting in any of those accómplishrhents that were usual among uncivilised tribes; they were brave in battle. They, had left poetry behind them, fully as, ' excollent < as that of their conquerors. Tho Irish, who are Celts exhibit some- splendid qualities. Tho second race that took up their abode in Britain were the Romans..' Julius Cæsar invaded Britain about 50 years B.C. He thought he would easily subdue tho Britons, but he was disappointed. Hs re- turned with a larger force, and established tho prestige of Roman arms, but did not retain possession of thé country. .. In about 80 A.B. Julius Agricola, suc- ceeded in conquering Britain. After 410 years the Romans were compelled to quit Britain, as the Goths were pressing on Ibo Roman Empire.. Tho Saxon in- vasion followed. The Saxons of that day were pirates and buccaneers. Tho Celts were enervatod by a long course of Roman civilisation ; and the Saxons made themselves masters of tho land. In 590 tbey were Christianised. , Tho next race was tho Danes, a race somewhat similar to tho Saxons, but more bloodthirsty, and, if possible, more valiant. Their dominion was m 'the north of England. In 1060, Canute, a Danish king, took the crown of England. Tho last race that came over to ¡England were tho Normans, originally Scandinavian or Danes, who settled in France, married Celtic woman, and forgot their own language This race conquered tho Saxons. It is impossible to understand tho English language, unless we remember tho history of those races. Modern English is German speech, modified by other elements, chiefly Latin. Dutch is still nearer to the English than the German. A few Celtic words remain in English, which chiefly relate to agriculture, an indication that tho conquered Britons served their conquerors by tilling tho ground. Tho first period of tho introduction of Latin was that of tho Roman conquest and occupation. Tho Romans introduced very few words into our language. Tho name Lincoln is, Lin-colonia. "-colonia ' being tho Latin word " colony." So Chester, Manchester, &c.;, had tho Latin word " Castra." Only some half dozen words were introduced at that period, Tho second period of Latin was that of tho Christianising of Britain. Many words in the daily prayers became Englisb.. Thus, wo got tho word " candis" from "candela," "psalter" from ' psalterium," "cloister" from " claustrum.'^ There were two or three dozen words which came into tho English in that period. Tho third period was that of the Norman Conquest, when a mucb larger number of Latin words were intro- duced. Tho fourth period was that of tho revival of learning, when tho classic languages were learnt in all universities of Europe. Smitten with tho beauty of tho classics, English writers were extravagant in their use of Latin phrases. Jeremy Taylor and others were examples' of that. Since that period, tho English language has been depreciated in all our seats of learning. Those in whose hands the educa- tion of English youth was placed, knew more of Latin and Greek than of their own literature. There are about 88,000 words in English ; of which 28,000 aro Saxon ; tho remaining 15,000 are chiefly Latin and Greek, The Anglo-Saxon is tho bone and marrow of our language. (1.) All tho, grammatical inflexions are Anglo Saxon. (2 ) The names of objects of sense are Saxon ; e. g., sun, moon, stars.. In the 3rd place, terms of affection; friendship, and rela tion are Saxon—as father, mother, brother, sistor. In tho dtli pince, tho words used at the'earliest period of lifo ; and Gth, those used ia tho practical business of life nt tho market and tho farm, are all Saxon. Then 6th. Nearly' all our proverbs are In Saxon. 7th. Words used to express invective, humour, and sarcasm are Saxon. 8th, Words expressive of tho fina- lities and. characteristics of bodies are Saxon. The Danish element is a point of great doubt. '. A large number of the names of places are Danish. 1500 hnve been noticed. In "Ashby," "Rugby," &c; , "-by" is a purely Danish word, meaning 'town." Tho suffixes "-thwaite," "-ness," &c;, are Danish.- The 5th element is Norman-French, .it is said that William tho Conqueror endeavoured to put an end to tho English language. This is a mistake. Tho Norman-French was used in courts of law -, in common life tho English. In 1258 occurred the first use of English in law docu- ments. French was introduced before the Conquest, in tho days of Edward tho Confessor. In Norman were tho terms of tho feudal systom, words relating to war, law, &c.; Tho titles duke, baron, icc, aro Norman terms. IIo then 'touched on tho characteristics of tho Anglo-Saxon tonpuo. First it was iufloctcd; our presont speech is not. Wo uso prepositions and auxiliaries to express shades of meaning. But our fathers used inflexions for this purpose. 2nd. It was monosyllabic. This was a groat oioment of its power and oxpressiyo ness. At present our speech ls polysyllabic. Ard. Tho Saxon tongue possessed great flexibility, and copiousness; moro BO than :modern English. Thoro wera short words, which could bo modified so os to oxprosa a hundred meanings. Lastly, tho Saxon pos- sessed tho power of compounding words-tho Gorman has presorved this power of composition ; but wo havo lost it. Our compound words uro derived from Latin or Greoli ; lotontiflc terms for instance! But tho Gormans nea sciontiflo torms of compound Gorman words. Thuro is no eseontial difference betwooa Saxon and tho present English, Tho periods of the development of tho English languago might bo dividod into first, second, and third. Tho Englieh mifriit bo called in ÜB oldost form leaden, then silver, and tbonco it lind bcon transformed into a golden ono-our prosont speech. Ito now carno to tho literature of tho English. ' This branched into two channols-tho Saxon and Latin. A very largo propor- tion of English literaturo was oxnrcssed in Latin. Down to tho 17th contury many Englishmon wrolo in Latin in proforsnca to their own languago. Two groit poems in Saxon showed a high degroo of excel- lence But thoso wero wrilton by tho Saxons boforo they carno to England, and could not bo olasicd with Englieh litoraturo. Thon saveral battlo songs wera composed by tho Saxons in England. Thoy wroto works to colobrnte tho charms of religion. War and religion woro the two subjects in which tho Saxons concorned themselves. Ono of their first poets was Coodmon, who wrpto on the fall of man, n poora re- markable ns : showing that Milton must havo boen familiar with it. Its languago is In abrupt stylo, and alliterative, the first words of each lino beginniug with the samo lotter. Ono of tho best »f Saxon writers was King Alfred, who found learning almost dopartod from England, lie sot himself to work to maBtcr the Latin tongue, and translated from Latin .into Anglo- Saxon. Bocthiua on tho consolations of philosophy; and Aroslus' Universal history; also Bede's hpiscopal History, and Pope Gregory on tho Care of th» Soul. Ile also established tho great Anglo-Saxon Ohronldo, how ono of tho host sources of early English history. Bedo's History and tho Ohroniole aro quoted by Sharon Turnor, Lingard, and ether good writors. Tho Gospels woro translated by tho Monks, and road in tho ohurches. In tho 10th century In tho controversy about the Reformation,, it was . denied that tho Gospels hod evor boen translated into English. This was dis- proved bv Archbishop Parkor, who showed that thoy had beon translated and read ia tbo ohurches in Anglo-Saxon. tiraos.. , ; Thero is also a largo collection of legal documente in Saxon'and Latin, willoh is most valuablo for the knowledge lt give« of our carly constitutional history. Tho Latin works by English writers aro very Humorous. Thoy nico eh ¡eily religious works, celebrating the li vos of sainte, and explaining Christian doctrinos. Tilo works or VonornbJo JJcUo oro most valuable, mid must awaken admiration for his mental capacity, and for his life. His works embroco tho wholo range of collogo education. Ho translated tho whole Bible, and wrote a Ohuroh History, which comprises topics of a goheral nature. Tho looturor thon read passagosfrom tho works of Bodo. Tho first rcforrod to the Introduc- tion of Christianity into Northumbria,, and also to constitutional government in England, Ho retatod how ahold Saxon chief compared tho,life of man toa eparrow flying through a warm room' and out ngnln iuto a Bnow storm. So we como and go, not knowing what was boforo or what comes after. Tho looturor theil. read an account of tho death of Bede, .written by ono of his pupils. It described tho pupils,, as reading, and, weeping, while Bede expressed his joy in his affliction. During the last few days of his life he translated tho Gospel of John and other works. He seemed to know the tine of his departure. As his answers to important ques- tions were written down, he said, " It ls time that I roturn to Him who formed me out of nothing." As soon as tho last sentence he wlshed to record was written, he said, " Glory be to tho Father and to tho Son, and, to tho Holy Ghost¡" and immediately dopartod to tho heavenly kingdom. In conclusion, tho lecturer spoke of tho religious tendency of Saxon literature. Tho Saxons devoted themselves more to religion than to anything else. They were tho most religious.race in their day, At this day tho English are tho most religious race in Europe, Tho poetry of the Saxons was Inferior to the Scandinavian ; but it had much of tho abrupt solemnity so apparent in Ossian and other 'Celtic writers.' There was no metaphor in the Saxon poetry., This indi- cated a want of poetical power. We - derive our humour' from the Norman - French. The Germans of this day are much like the Saxons of tho 10th century. Tho prose of the Saxons exhibits no attempt at elaboration. But there are fine passages scattered throughout their works. With tho exception of one or two works, tho writings of the Saxons had left no influence on modern thought. They were like the dead bones of extinct animals examined by goologists. Fossil literature exhibited tho history of tho human mind ; and that alone was enough to re- commend it to our study. The lecturer waa loudly applauded at the conclusion of his lecture. .' ....... «?.-,, .9 . . 