SI'BUIiBAN MUNICIPALITIES. HAIMAIK.-A meeting of thc council was helli on Monday even- 1 ln|t. the 2nd instant. Members present-The chairman (Mr. AN idter Church)) nnd councillors Booth, Broderick, F.lliott, Gray. Munt field; l'criiriau, Jtobinson, owl Woolnough. Thc minutes of thc proceedings of the previous meeting were read and confirmed, .letter rind : From Mr. W. Russell, solicitor, to thc council, enclosing the icceirit of Mr. Compton's agent for the purchase ninney for land in Campbell-street, to complete the thorutighfurc from Bent-strict to Kow John-street. Councillor Woolnough presented,!! pcfilion, sicned by ninety ratepayers in thoeast ?wai (1, for eel tain alterations in tho roadway at tho junction of (William and fit. Harv's -'lintots,- Hie present steepness bo-inn so Sprint as to rimlcr ti anio for vehicles almost inpossible ¡ received ¡and nt'crred IO tili committee of works for their consideration 'nuil ror.oit: The committee of works brought up n report, stating 1-1; That,.Buring tho pas-t tr.o weeks, they had certilled and sub- mitted to thc iliinrcc committee day- labour accounts fer £11 19s. 2\. That, having considered the petition ofiMr. Alfred Hancock for .the nltcintion of u druin in Falnier-strcct, they lind found upon »xiirr-inntlon Ihiit the shiel- drtiin ;is placed exactly in tho -6iigir.nl wntei'-ceuisc. 3. That, upon thc reconsideration Vf woikr. for Clayton-street, they would recommend that fer the prrsent it only lie foi mid¡ à fow loads of ballast put on, lind rough gutteimg'liiid where necessary, which they estimated Mould ccst »bout £18. 4. That the surveyor hail estimated the best of foi ming and -ballasting Reynolds-street, from tho Glebe Rood to Foy-strcot, at £100, and from Foy-street to tho next ttl cot eastwards, at £5U. Report received. Tho "committee of faunce brought up a report stating that since the last meeting of "council they had ordered payment of sundry accounts amounting lo £15 Os Cd, and recommending payment of £1 17s Gd for day labour work, nnd hreuking metal stone. Re- port received. Councillor' Mansfield inquired whether thc instruction to - thc i surveyor of 31st May, to wein pi rr ons. against throwing dirty water and filth into the butter of Di.rling-strce'., had been carried out. The chairman re- plied that the names of parties so ofleiidinghnd been given to their I «licitor, in order that legal proceedings might he Instituted; Motions pursuant to notice :-By couneilhirGray,-" Payment of accounts. That the unpaid nccouuts brought up this day, and coi tilled correct hy the finance committee, bc paid." Put und passed. By councillor rerdrinu,-" That application bc made to thc Government for lenvo to extend tho wharf at the end of Adol bhiis-strcct, mid to know tb what exton t they will pei mit tho same." Tut and passed. By councillor Woolnough,-" That application l e mode bv this council to the Government .for leave to extend Cooper-street to thc linc laid down in thc map of Waterview lîny." <Fut mid passed. Hy councillor Robinson,-" That the committeo cf woiks be Instructed to report what amount will, bo necessary to make thtit portion of Ballast Point Road, from Rountrec itrut to Mr. tjlofford's house.- passable."' fut and passed. OidersofthcD.iy: 1; Consideration of tenders for the 6upply of blue 'nil tal stone for thc repair of tho mainstreet. There being no eligible tender, it wo« referred to tho committee of works to toke such acticn for obtaining tho necessary supply ns they may think best. 2. Confiraiotton of tue assessments appealed ogainst. lt was resolved, e'n moiion of councillors Klliott and Mansfield, "That ike amounts of the asEtssmenta respectively, os decided by Hie Court of Petty Sessions, held on the Ctn June, bo confirmed." 4\. Hie consideration of NVard works-which wis ordered to sti.rid over until Hie next meeting. Thc council then rose. PAntusoTON.-A muting cf council was held di the27th ultimo, at hiilf-r.ast 7 p.m. Present-Thc chairman (Mr. Robert lrietiilc), »nd couv.cilloiii Avtlctt, M'Coy, Penfold, Peate, Joyner, li d Smith. Minutés of Hie previous mcetingread and confirmed. Coi impendence rcael. Petition from residents in Williams luno received, and referred to the committee of warks. Thc tinonee ccinmiltcc reported recommending payment of accounts amounting to £21G 10s. ld. The works committee ' reported tho favourable progress of the woiks now , in hand-tho completion of the culvert in Ilopewell-street-the necessity for making ii druin down suit! tticct- a retaining wall at both ends of culvert, and atcm poraiy nirnngcmiiit for conducting the water from thc drain into the culvert- that the voadwny in Dowling-strcet bo made up visen thc kerning which is now being done is completed tu.d that Mr. "Walton's request had been attended to. Rt ports received. Tho treasurer reported having since lust meeting issutd cheeiues for accounts amounting to £ïlsj lils id. Report adopted. The chairman reported the cor rur.cr.i'incc with thc Major of Sydney on-1. Thc quantity of k.i il htld cr claimed Lythe city within this municipality. 2. llnlf the cost ot culvcit in Great Barcom-strect or Ice Company's n Ml. 3. As to the intentions of the city authorities. Tho col- li itor reported having i-ir.ce last report received the sum of £157 t's. Miscellaneous :-'thc overseer's report was referred to tho tm millee cf works ; £5 was voted for the expense of collecting sijiniiluris to application nnd bond books for water supply. Thc rendition of Roddy-street having been stated by councillor Joyner, thc committee of works were requested to report thereon. C'l-nncillor Artlett risked for copies of proceedings of the Municipal Conference. The chairman said when they came to bund they would be sent to councillors. Question by thc some, What has teen done in the impounding cse ? Thc chairman si.id it had been twice adjourned, and was this day withdrawn. Councillor Artlett drew the chairman's ' intention to thc reports on CaEcadc-strcet, which had been tiilfcpted, and requested that the retaining wall might bc pro- ceeded willi. The chairman said he would attend to the matter. Mêlions: On motion by councillors. Artlett and M'Coy, tho3Gth s'Diiding order was suspended, in order to permit the adoption ol the report of woiks, brought up this day. Report adopted. On motion by thc chaiunan and treasurer, ihc finance report of thc SOili ultimo was adoptul. Three notices of motion «ere given, tinier of thc doy : Councillor Artlett withdrew his motion on the subject of the road trust. This closed the proceedings. DALLINGTON.--The usual meeting of comicil of this municipality trek place on thc lltb day of April. Frcscnt-Mr. C. M. Deane, Cluiii mon. councillors Williams, Jonrs, R. Maze, and A. Colic. The minutes of the Inst nu eting were rend and confirmed, 1 he consideration of encroachment by steps was postponed foi fut ure consideration. ] t wns proposed hy Mr. Cowie, seconded bj Mr Jones, and'c.iriied-"That all posts on thc footpaths of thc municipality be removí d, and that the clerk give thc necessary .police." Proposed by Mr. Cow ie, seconded hy Mr. Williams, ant collied-" That thc sum of £2 he ex pendell in cleaving thc gutten If the municipality." The council then, on tho motion of Mr Jons, went imo convm'ttee to c'onsider for work required in Jo; and Shepherd lanes, lix tenders were laid upon the table, bu Eoi.c accepted. The council then rose. A meeting of council wai held on the 3rd day rf May. Present-Councillors Williams Mr zo, Jones, and Cowie. It was proposed hy Mr Cowie, Eccondcd by Mr. Williams, nnd carried-" Tba Mr. Jor.cs take tho chair." . Thc minutes of the last meeting wer rend and confirmed. A letter was read from Mr. F. O'Brien Batid 13th April, 16CG. The clerk was instructed to write to Mr O'linc-n ond acknowledge receipt of his letter; and refer him t the Gazette of March 2nd, 18G0. Moved hy coucillor William! fi concedby councillor Cow ic, and carried-"That nspecialmeetin be r eid on tho loth instant, to toko into consideration the appeal aguinEt thc assessment." The council then rose.-The nsur monthly meeting was lu ld on tho 7lh Juno. Present-Mr. C. M Denne (chairman), councillors, Cowie, Jones, ond Williams. Th clcik wns instructed to acknowledge receipt of letters and othc docunicnlE from the Commissioners of the Melbourne Exhibitior Councillor J ones proposed thc ndoptionof the report of thc workin committee recommencing the laying of stoneware pipe crossing at the junction of lanes on both Eides of Rose ¡md Shcplicr .stieets, to begone by tender ; seconded hy councillor William and carried. Proposed by councillor Jones,-"That tho plan t thc alterations and levels in Vine and Ivy streets be advertised i accordance with the by laws;" secondcd'by councillor Cowle, an curiiid. Proposed by councillor Jones-""That the report of th finance committee, amounting to £195 18a. he adopted an the cccounts he paid furthuiih ; " secuuded by councillor Cow; ond carried. The council then rose. IIcxTr.n's Hii.1. MmicirAi.iTv.-A morling of this coivac was held on Friday, the Süth'ultimo. Mcmüars present-lt choiiman (Mr. AV. B. Campbell), and councillors Jeanneret, Fit: patrick, and Claik. Thc minutes of thc previous mocking wei rend ond confirmed. Letters were read, 1st, from Mr. C. E. J Murray ; 2nd, from Mr. G. Dc Milhnu ; 3rd, an account for con !mission, fiorn Mr. C. Mayes, which having been road, councilli Clark moved, and councillor Fitzpatrick seconded-" That tl account bo referred lo tho improvement cominiUee for the ri port, nnd that the clerk bo instructed to write to Mr. Man for the drawings and specification of tho building, in order tin thc improvement committee moy malte a final report upon tl work." A lotter was rend from thc ratepayers on thc wcstci side of thc municipality, requesting that ihe public roads whii have been fenced in by private parties, and encroached upon ! ond about Tarban village, bo defined and opened by thc munie pality for the use of thc public. On the motion of councilh Clark, seconded hy councillor Fitzpatrick, it was rev ^Ived-"Th thc cnniirnon he requested to communicate with a surveyor, wi' a view of having the roads in question defined and marked, order that notices may be served on parties who may ¿ave ci oroncbed, and calling upon them to remove any obstruction Thc council then brollo up. THE LOSS OF THE ABAGO.-A Board of Trade in- quiry into the loss of the steam- ship Arago, was com- menced on the 17th of April, before Mr. Raúles, sti- pendiary magistrate, and Captains Harris and Baker, nautical assessors. The inquiry concluded on the 19th, when Mr.Buffles delivered judgment as follows: -The Court is satisfied that the master of the Arago navigated his ship with a more than usual degree of. core nnd caution. It is clear, however, that he had overrun his distance from his last good observation ; and, not having made a landfall since leaving Per rinmbuco, he would have acted still more prudently hod he not relied so confidently upon his supposed position. But the Court lins so often had to comment upon the entire neglect of the lead in thick weather, that it is glad to lind the master's conduct on this ac- count ÍB not open to that tuiimiidvorsion ; nnd that, all Eail having been, taken in, the Arago was proceed- ing nt reduced speed. Under all the circumstances, thc Court ia not disposed to attribute tho loss of the Arogo to any neglect upon the paTt of the alaster, and returns Mr. Gethitig his certificate. A little girl, eight years of nge, has just died at Lincoln in consequence of being frightened by a com- panion who dressed herself in a white sheet to repre- sent a ghost, as Ehe Boid, " for a bit of fun." 