THE OPERA.. a ROSSINI'S SEMIRAMIDE. This opera to be produced for the first - - time here, at the Theatre Royal, by Lyster's Opera Troupe, is undoubtedly regarded as one of the finest of Rossini's compositions. It is almost his solitary attempt at grandeur; and though his style scarcely suits a ' ' solemn tone, he has contrived in this instance to throw so much seriousness and Sweetness into these delicious melodies and dashing efforts in which he delights, that to appear successfully as Semiramide has always been one of the highest ambitions of the prima donna. The work was one of the last of the series Rossini wrote for the Italian theatres, and it was snug first at the Teatro la Force, in 1823, thirteen years after he burst on the astonished musical world with " Tancredi," written at twenty, and six or seven years before he closed the series of his operatic compositions with the delightful " Guillaume Tell." "Semiramide" soon became a favourite with the English. audience, to whom it was repeatedly interpreted by Pasta, Malibran, and Grisi; and before its performance this evening we may inform our readers of the chief features of the plot, as well as the music. The scene is laid in ancient Babylon, and the story is of Semiramide or Semiramis; she who had her husband Ni nus claim,. and the story of whose love, grandeur, and con- quests, has come down to us from almost pre- historic times. The curtain rises on the temple of Belus, where festival is held on the occasion of the nomination by Semiramide, the Queen, of a successor to the dead Em peror'B throne. She loves the young Arsaco, the commander of her armies, and despite the pretensions of Assam, a noble of the blood royal. Elie is only prevented from nominating her favourite, even before his arrival with the reply of the Magi, to whom he had been despatched for an utterance of the oracle. At this point the people sing in chorus to her honour, and the quartette, " Di tanti rege," expresses in the old florid style, full of execution, that Rossini most loves, the various passions which rage in each breast. Thunder and lightning cause the proceedings to be solved, and then Alsace comes full of affection for his Azema, and bearing the answer of the Magi, by an exquisite cavatina, " A quel giorno," he tells of his love and hopes. To him enters Assur to condemn his presumption in seeking the hand of a royal princess, and the duet for the contralto and baritone, "Bella magic degraded," concludes the act. The second act is opened by Throne, with one of the gems of the opera, Ah do' all pimento " (tenor). Se m rain side then enters, and, fortified by the oracle, nominates Arsace, declaring, too, that he must be her husband. At this critical moment the ghost of Ninus appears, calling upon America to enter his tomb, and offer a victim to his ashes, and the scene closes in confusion. In the tenderer portions, where Semiramide presses her love on Arsaco, the composer has written some of his best pieces such as the soprano solo '. Dolce polishers," the duet for the soprano and contralto Sorbami ager, and an eminently melodious and impressive quintette, "Giuro al mind." The third net finds Semiramide and Abbot In recrimination, the subject being the murder of Ninus, in which both shared, and the bravura duet, No 16 vita meet the case," is full of the appropriate expression. Arsaco, preparing for coronation, enters next, and is then informed by the high priest Oroo of the crimes of Assam and Semiramide, which he, being really Ninkle, Nature's long lost son, must avenge at his father's tomb. He will not, however, touch his mother, whom, in an affecting scene, in which occurs the duet, the finest in the opera, of "Giorno more," he forgives, and then prepares himself to pursue Afcgnr to his father's tomb. To that tomb in the fourth act he goes, bat in the darkness hlSBWord enters the heart of his mother, and thus the tragedy ends. The cast as announced will become- ramble, Madame Lucy Escott; Arsaco, Miss Georgia Hodson ; Idrono, Mr. Beaumont; Assure Mr. Wharton; and Cree, Mr. Kitts. 