Whe ?mxm> PUBLISHED DAILY. WUBSJESDAY, JANUARY 10, 1866. IT is impossible for an attentive reader to overlook the question of forests and their influence upon climate. Several months ago when Dr. CHALLINOR zealous be- nevolence in favor of the blacks was a blaze, and lie interposed in their behalf, to stay the destruction of the bunya Tjiiiij-.i trees, we invite attention to the far more important subject of the denudation of the land consequent on the indiscriminate felling of timber and its effects. Since that time, many articles on the same subject have appeared in Australian papers, the best of which have been transferred to our journal. We pointed out, on the authority of the elder HIQIBOIJJT, how great an influence one single tree exerts in cooling the atmosphere. We showed that extensive forests reduce the temperature of the nights by radiation, lives in European countries, where the forests are formed of trees which are mostly de- ciduous, there are historical evidences of marked decline in the temperature and severity of the winters. "Where Die trees are evergreen, their influence must be much greater, and the temperature be effected in proportion. In summer time, for instance, the destruction of forests has been observed to increase the mean temperature. No one would wish to find the summers of Australia hotter than they are at present and if snell a result is undesirable, it is still less desirable to bring about another consequence from the same cause. We allude to the desiccation of the lands. Wherever forests have been cleared to any extent, there has been a startling effect upon the sources of water supply. Swamps evaporate and disappear more or less, springs diminish in vol tune, or cease to run altogether, and many running streams have so far ceased to How as to yield no power to turn the mills which once were busy, but are now abandoned as useless. The wealth of Australia depends in a more than ordinary degree upon rain and a good supply of water. This has been felt to be the case most keenly during the drought which has been affecting so many pastoral and agricultural districts recently. Seeing that forests have much to do in promoting rain, it is high time that some measures were taken to provide against their indiscriminate destruction. Egypt has long been a country notorious for the absence of rain. But since there have been plantations of trees formed, some showers have been observed. Again, other countries which have been stripped of their timber have become a wilderness doomed to drought. The lesson to be drawn from this is clear. Instead of allowing timber to be cut where swamps exist, provision should be made to secure their permanence. The swamp itself should be held sacred, and the trees about it should be protected by law. It has, even been suggested that these swamps might be converted into lakes, ; and in more prosperous- times,' if we take measures to preserve them, this suggestion might not unreasonably be adopted. It is a petty expedient of an idle or timorous statesman to pretend that, the lime is premature to deal with this or that matter. At the same time, it appears not unlikely that some such thought prevented anything being done in this direction last session. At first, a person might be disposed to join in such a conclusion. He might look around and see miles of forest, and very little impression made upon it by the axe. But; when he reflects that it is only while the trees exist that they can be preserved, and when it is remembered that the destruction of trees though slow is sure and constant, he will readily concede that no time is premature to secure the preservation of some. Much of the land which has been surveyed as Agricultural Reserves, contains ridges clad with iron bark and box trees, with a soil which an honest surveyor would be ashamed to designate by the name. All such ridges as these should be withheld from selection, and reserved as Crown forests. They would serve not only to keep the temperature cool in summer, and the soil moist, but also to screen off the severity of some of those westerly winds in winter which so often cause tender plants to perish, and are felt so keenly by many of the older residents. As to the waterholes reserved from sale, it is positively ridiculous to see how scanty a portion of land is reserved around them, and even on this the timber getter sometimes wields his axe. This is not as it should be. We cannot afford to imitate the penny wise but pound foolish policy of Governor GIPPS in the matter of surveys. We must have a goodly belt of land and trees around our water reserves. The name of the Governor just mentioned reminds us of the narrow policy of narrow streets. In Brisbane we have no street in which an avenue of trees could be advantageously planted, nor is there any spacious square with trees beneath which the old might take shelter from the sun, and the little ones take healthful play in the shade. How much is lost in health and happiness by this deficiency few can tell. Those who have travelled, on the continent and have seen a very different state of affairs, can imagine it. As the land laws are to be dealt with again next session, this and the other points suggested above should receive a careful consideration, and be provided for at once. They are all provisions which require to be made at the very outset of a colony's career, for they are of such a nature that every delay reduces the opportunity for making them. It is positively ridiculous to argue against any legislation upon these subjects under the do-nothing pretext that such legislation is premature. Bush fires annually make great havock with the trees, and the number of bush fires increases with the number of careless vagrants who light their fires at the foot of trees and leave them burning to light others. The number of trees cut down for fencing and slab 'huts is larger as the land taken up for agriculture widens with every shipload of immigrants. Shingle splitters and rail cutters are continually making inroads upon the forests. Here and there paddocks of girdled trees lift up their gaunt arms like ghosts, warning the living of their destiny. The owners of sawmills have their phalanx of timber cutters daily feeding on the forest, and shippers advertise from time to time for a supply of hardwood to export to England. An ever-increasing demand is made on the forests for the supply of fuel. More wood is daily consumed for domestic purposes ; brickmakers burn more in their furnaces ; devouring steam-engines continually help to lessen the sunshade of the land ; the clearer of land is constantly at work for the farmer and sugar-grower. The gold-digger has not yet shown his full powers of wood consumption ; but we all know how much he can do toward destroying a forest of trees in Victoria. When his time comes this will be seen in Queensland also. When all this is called to mind, and it is remembered that these operations are continually and increasingly at work to dethrone the forest, and when it is considered how beneficial an agent of nature the forest is in a dry and hot climate, we have cogent reasons to conclude that legislation on behalf of forest reserves cannot be too early, and may very speedily come to be too late. There is one point which we desire to mention, and particularly so because it appears to have been overlooked in the numerous articles which have appeared on this subject. It was supposed, till within the last few years, that trees growing about habitations were unhealthy. This, however, now appears to have been a popular delusion. The fact is that forest trees are healthy. They serve as vast chimneys to absorb and carry various gases from the soil which would otherwise remain and be prejudicial to health. Old residents in Brisbane are often heard to say that the city has become less healthy than it used to be the probability is that the destruc- of the trees in the neighborhood has, in connection with other evils, had its share in bringing about this result. We trust that steps will be taken to restore some, and that more care will he exercised in their destruction for the future. THERE was a good attendance at the theatre last evening. The programme consisted of the comedy of " Nell Gwynne," succeeded by the force of the " Dead Shot." This evening the travestie of "Era Diavolo" is announced, be sides another attractive piece. THE Hobart Town Mercury of the 28th ultimo states " that Mr. J. W. Graves, the enterprising secretary of the Acclimatisation Society, returned from a visit to Franklin Island on Tuesday, and reports everything to be progressing most favorably. The English and native grasses especially have grown most luxuriantly, and the crops now reached three or four feet high ; there is also a very fine crop of barley on the island. The pheasants have made themselves quite at home, and bid fair to increase rapidly. The first brood was seen by the gamekeeper on the 12th instant, but they have not been disturbed. The deer also are in excellent condition 5 and everything on the island appears to be thriving. It is hoped the stock will be shortly increased, as there is now abundance of food and water to support on immense number of animals." 