THE NEWS OF THE. I) AY. A Government Gazette extraordinary, published last evening, notifies that Henry Charles Manners SuRod, Esq., -B.A., has been appointed private se cretary and acting aide-de-camp to his Excellency tko Governor; that on Thursday next, at three o'clock in the afternoon, the Governor will hold a full dress levee at the Eihibition Bnilding ; that on Thursdays, betwoen tha hours of one and three p.m., the Governor will receive persons desirous of an intorviow with him ; and t&at; Lady Mannors Sntton will be at home on Tuesdays and Fridays, between the hours of two and 1 oar o'clock. Referring to the insulting article, which appeared | in the Argus, in which his Excellency Sir J, j Manners-Suttea was lecturod as to his duty, the Geelong Advertiser says s— ?-** Are we to put up with much more of this kind of insolent assumption, petty malice, and arrant rnbiish, without a word «f protest ? The Argus has had enough of leading 1 the peoplo,' aed of advising Governors, i'rom '4he time of Governor iLatrcb9 to that of Sir Chtrjles Darling, our contemporary has ever been as r«edv to give advice as to denounce the occupant o£ the Vica-regal throne for 'tbe results of following it. I Prom the litse of the -outi-Iicense foe agitation to that of the Eureka stoofcude, it has beeu the policy of the paper to rouse the populace to a- phreesy of excitement, «ud then to desert them. Whoa « new I man appears in the (front — n Governor inclcded ? he is lubricated with all the hideons fascination of a boa-conntoctor, andiiMie cannot be swallowed whole as he is, bo is crushed. Fortunately, the scions of the old Anglo-Saxon riwe are generally keeesports men, and know how to deal with vermin and with reptilu liiSe -when either crosses their path. But soinethiog should be done to save the character of [ Victoria^ journalism from tho ban of such slippery and tortaous 'leading.' ' On the same subject the Ballaarat Post writes as follows : — ' Trmo to it3 I bass iusiincts and disgraceful principles to the last, I the Argns, alone of all the papers in the colony, seizes tie first ocpor: unity of pouring intc the new Governor's ear its poisonous compound of malignant faction -ind .shameless falsehood. ThoMeperous distiltaont,' we trust, has not produced the deadly effect dosigned by its Claudius-liko coin pounders. His Excellency is too experienced a man not to ibevo detected «i a glance tho infamous base ness of the plot and of the plotters. He -is proof aguinst till such dastardly attempts on hisiiutagrity as a Governor *end his honor aa a Gentleman At a porticr, howevsrliiamble in our sphere, of the press of Victoria, we are bound to express our abhorrent indignation at the deliberate insult put upon his Excellency by the Collies-street I journal, and to .repediato in tho strougeet terms all syiapatiw with such conduct. We believo no journal published in this oolony, excepting the Argus itself, weald not be capablo of s arpetrat- ing so diagrant an outracu on good manners and public decency. And to the indoliablo disgrace of that journal it will be recorded for ever, that tho Argus's greeting for her Majesty's representative, on hiscrrival amongst xw, was a series of studied affronts and Hbellons imputations, culmiDatog in the brutel.cnggestion.thQt his Excellency should really take cere lest, in taking his oath of installation as Governcr of Victoria, he might not be .guilty of wilful end deliberate perjury 1' It is .stated that .Kr Burrowes has no -intention of contesting tho election for the Weotern or South-'K'eBtern Provinces for a seat in tfco Legis lative Council. Wo take the following from tho Glowworm, a London evening journn! :— ' The printer oMhe Mel bourne Argus is in prison, because that jocrnal do- I scribed a speech made by the Colonial Ch^ef Secre tary as J bristling with falsehood.' Wo think it I serves ban right. Any journalist who accuses a speaker of mendacity should doit at peril of punish ment— eyas as a man.mUa condign castigation who orally charges another with falsehood. To nay that an actor does not know rhis part, or that aE author : writes stupidly, or even that a member of Farliu ment talks nonsense, ought not to be deemed libel- ' iuu=,, ji won. ia iu uo notf criticism at all ; but to wound morai character is unjust, especially where tho assailant is anonymous. So this oslonial journalist deoerves what he has got. It would bo woll if the Australian press -could bo taught a little civility. The Argus, for escmple, the first journal of Victoria, is dull beyond die endurance of man except when personal.' * The acceptaooes for the Melbourne Cup were received yesterday afternoon, at the offices of the Victoria Racing Club. Of the S3 horsoa nominated I -14 still remain on tho list ; one of the missing names being tiat of tho gallant veteran Bon Bolt, whoso death in Tasmania was atnouncad mm»,i,J ? since. In the nisi prim court, yertorday (jnriea of twelve), the aciisu Glass v. Martin was concluded after the jury hnd been in deliberation for nearly eight hours in a verdict for the plaintiff on the majority of the issues ; total damages, £10,411 12s. The only other ease called on was Jarret't v. Hawthorne, au notion for libel by William Honry Jarrett, of the firm of Woodville and Jnrrett, uad Beilby Hawthorne, of the firm of Hoore, Haw thorne and Co. Tho alleged libel consisted in a letter addressed by tho defendant (Hawthorne) to Mr Philip William Flower, of London, but tho trial went off on a nonsuit point. I In the equity court, yesterday, Mr Justice Moles wocth delivered reserved judgments in Ladds v. Green, re James Mason (insolvent), and re Ben jamin and Eappiport. Tho first was a motion for an allowance of £200, by way of dower, to a widow. .XI, was granted, subject to consent by the Bank of Victoria. The second was an appeal against a re fusal by the Chief Commissioner of a certificate in insolvency, on the grounds that the insolvent hud contracted a debt without reasonable prospect of payment, and given false answers to questions. His i Honor considered neither ground established, and, setting aside the judgment of the court below,' granted the certificate. The third was an applica tion to pay a dividend on a debt, alloged to be duo by a trust estate to certain London creditors, or otherwise to pay the money into oourt. Hia Honor refused both applications. In Joske v. Joske the bill was dismissed without costs, on the application of the defendant, with the consent of tho plaintiff. An application for probate of a will was made to Mr Justice Molesworth, yesterday, on which judg ment was reserved, under somewhat peculiar cir cumstances. Tho deceased testator was one John Kelly, a tinsmith, lately residing at Eaglohawk, near Sandhurst. Kelly had bequeathed his tools of trade and all appliances of hia business to a young man towards whom ho was well known to entertain ajjtrong attachment, and who also followed the same occupation. His real pro perty he devised to a young man, from hose father he had putaUaaed it, and the reason assigned for his having dene bo was that the tes tator believed that the original owner had, in parting with, the property,, done an injustice to his own family. Finally, he left his cash to be di vided between tho Saadhurat Hospital and Benevo lent, Society. It appeared, however, that the will hiving being signed first by tho attesting witnesses, iud subsequently by the testator, it was, at the least, very doubtful, whether it could be proved at all. Should tho decision bo in the negative, tho whole of testator's intentions will, of course, be frustrated. The Malmcsbury correspondent of the Daylcsford Mercury furnishes the following : — ' A Mr Bryant, ?who is reported to be a gentleman of considerable wealth and the owner of the Koyal Terrace, in Mel bourno, was discovered last night smuggling a quan tity of powder for blasting pnrpeaes. My informant states that the gentleman in question travelled by rail front Melbourne in a first-class carriage, carrying with him the destructive composition, which would have oosfc him about four shillings for its conveyance in the legitimate way. On his arrival at the Malms bury terminus, at ten p.m., he engaged a man to convey it (I cwt) to the Royal Mail Hotel, for which he paid the munificent sum of six pence. On its arrival at the hotel', tho smokers who sat on the box became inquisitive aud discovered tho contents of Jfr Bryant's heavy box, upon which information was given to senior-constable Holmes, who seized !vae powder, and has already taken steps to bring the offender to justice. A sacrifice of hnmau life ?would no doubt have ensued, if a Bpark from the men's pipes had fallen oa a particle of the com bustible.' The following absurd story is told by the Warren heip correspondent of the Ballaarat Star : — ' War renheip has been for a lengthened period notorious for many things, in fact, for all things s&ort; of actual cannibalism, an-2it is not quite clear that we would not have perorated this horrible owtne had tho person of the first discoverer of our sarage pro [ pensities been fairer to the view ; but, nxKfce most savages, we are pcrticular in our food. We are now about to odd to our formor notoriety by pro ducing the first cokinial ghost, a real (t was nearly saying lire) ighost, and no mistake aboat it. St. I Kilda has already tried its ghost story, and other parts of tho oolony have followed suit, bst all failed ; and up to the present the nearest approach to a ghost, Ottilias si6e of the line, was that put upon the stage of the ITneatre Royal some tine ago. For Warrenieip has been reserved the^oaU fortune of producing the first veritable gho8t,.ond the story runs tirus::— £a the vicinity of Magills and CoghUtfs brewery lives a Mr Daniel F*hey, a native, as the tame betokens, of the Emerald Isle, who, for ?soms ' deed done in his days,' is now tormented by a spirit of the othor world, which makes its ipyaaonce known by constantly lighting tho oandleseo fast as they are pat'ont, so that once a caadleiisiligihted it must be thorocghly burnt out ; and (do matter how many candlos-may be burning! or where pieced, if they are all -extinguished they! will, b-y sotno mysterious agency, he again lighted in'j the twinkling of a bed-post, as vra say in Ireland.' Seceralipepplo have visited tho scoae, and all comej awcy exekiming ' Glory be to -God, it is the most! wonderful' thing we ever saw.' JCr Fahey, in hiei extremity.-otarted yesterday to consult the divines -rt hifj'Churcfc.jin whose ' backward mctters of dissever ing power'ifco places most implicit faith, and whe noidonbt.ihcve given him some .gpod advice which ne wisely toeps to himself. I havo not yet visited the scene -of ghostly operations, but shonld tho wonder. lire nutil to-morr-,vr £T(forpose satisfying myself, when, no doubt, I shall be able te render© good accoatt of his ghostahip. Tho latest to huai j id tbatilast night the candlest'tsis took a fit and jamped .«g the table on to the floor and baa-k again:' An application was made, yesterday, to Mr Grant, for a farcasrs' common ut Kocdiulloc, botwteo fflandenoutpandMornington. It -was said that the land hitherto made use of had beac absorbed by fr«a ?selectors, -uid Mr Grant pr&iaiseil.to; comply with the request. . - *.? In the criminal sittings of the Supreme Court, .yesterday, VY7illiam Maltby was -o?,ntenrMri i.n ti,». gears' impriaonment, for an indecent assault on .a ?child eleven years of ago. E/wid Glass, a pas senger byitlie Tornado, was iuformed against .far having, on .board that vessel, oc the 30th day.cf .July last.iinalicionsly wounded rt.ivo other of tha passengers .by the said vessel. J3y direction of I ! his Honor tthe presiding judge, rfhe jury found .s verdict of Not Guilty without retiring from the bor. Tho caso.oC Mr Glass is a peotvliarly hard one. '.Through bite the colony was no. doubt saved-frorc the visitation of that horrible Ml-sen.n o™,,!!.™., -Disinterestedly, and with a great .deal of courage, j this gentleman, after the Tornado was for the first time released from quarantine, idled the attention^ ?of tho captain and the dootor of .the ship to tho] fact that there was still an uncured case on board.; iSis information being found correst, tho Bhip was'; ordered back ito the quarantine {jssund. On the!] ?way down tho .Bay, Mr Glass wea attacked by a uanurea or more ot tno passengers,, who were en raged at having to continue on tho cr-essel. He was kicked and ou£ed to some exteot on deck, and was then followed below, where he was sub- I g'ected to further ill-treatment, itcll, in self- 1 defence, he dretr a small Btick sword, and inflicted on two of hie cowardly assailants slight flesh woends in tho ana. For this offoneo he was yes I terfiay indicted, ond, though acquitted, by direction of bis Honor, an£ complimented by ihe court for hia conduot, there cannot ba a doubt that the prosecution must.bavo been very expensive and very annoYtng to him. That hig nnnrlnni: ia ^mov,,: ? * some i-eward none will dony. Is the reward to be that already accordoi him by tho Crown, -tr will the public see that this gentleman is not allowed to'be a sufferer, at least pecuniarily, through an act of generosity which hae placed every resident of the colony under obligation to him ? Anne Duncan, the woman who was supposed to be a participator in the crime of the cabman Blackburn, at Emerald- hill, was charged with stealing from the person of the woman Murray, and acquitted. A man named George Charity, accused of perjury, at Malmsbury, in April last, was also- acquitted. John M'Phail, charged with stealing a watch, at Emerald-hill, was equally lucky in escaping from the clutches of the law. Tho large dam at Mount Clear, belonging to the St. Andrew Quartz Company, White Horse, bnrat its embankment a few days ago, and swept trees and fences before it. There was about five feet of : water in the dam at the time. From the Ballaarat Star we learn that » a meeting of gentlemen interested in the eleo tion of Mr George Rolfe for the representa tion of the South-Western Province, in the Legislative Council, was hold on Wednesday evening, at the Buck's Head Hotel, for the purpose of making arrangements for contesting the election. Mr M'Dowall occupied the chair. There was a large attendance, about forty persons being J present. Mr Rolfe entered into a brief exposition of his views on some of tho loading questions at present before the conntry, after which the meeting unanimously resolved to support him, and formbd itself into a committee for that purpose, with power to add to its number. A meeting of the committee will be hold again on Monday, to arrange for the holding of a public meeting, at which Mr Rolfe will address the electors." At the district court, yesterday, Jamea Nation was complained against for forming a dangerous excavation in a lane off Collins-street, adjacent to the establishment of Messrs Beanchamp and Rocke The defendant urged that the land where the ex cavation had been made was private property, and that he consequently waa not liable. It appeared that i Borne time ego, agate waaputaoroes the lane to prevent I [ its being used as- a public thoroughfare, and as there appeared to be seme doubt of the right of any per son to claim the ground in question as private pro perty, the case was dismissed ; but Mr Hackett told the defendant that if an accident occurred, ho would be held responsible. The following publicans were fined in small amounts for selling liqnors on Sun days :— Charles Downio, Australia Felix Hotel W. Thompson, Tattersall's Hotel; and Michael Hockett, Old Governor Bourko Hotel. With regard to the late land selections |at Lake Cooper, tho Bendigo Independent understands from a correspondent at Corop, the name of tho proposed township, ' that a number of selectors are already engaged in fencing, ploughing and sowing the land taken np en Messrs Winter's run. Fair timber is to be had within an easy distance of the lake. The site of the township seems to have been badlv chosen, as in ordinary seasons it will be under water for about fivo months in the year. The land is described as being mostly of excellent character, and thcro is little doubt that an active and in dustrious popnlatien ? will soon be settled in a locality which is withia easy distance of several markets, being oaly about ten miles from Runny mede. Were the effects of all the land sales as successful as this at Lake Cooper promises to be, thero would be littte fault to find with the working of tho Amending Land Act. A number of those whose selections were disallowed have taken steps which they have reason to believe will secure them right to the land whioh they bona fide took up.' Mr Harbisoa, M.L.A., introduced a deputation to Mr Grant, yesterday, who complained of the conduct of one of th« trustees in whom the land is vested on which ike Trades Hall, Lygon-street, is erected, and who bad declined to render any acconnt of the appropriation of moneys and other matters pertinent thereto. Mr Grant desired the deputation to put their charges specifically in writing, and he would call up«-n the trustee to anawer them ; and, if not ifono satisfactorily, bo would take steps' to remove 4iim from office. At t&e; Hotham police ceirt, 'yesterday, Mary M'Doxald was charged with stealing a number of articles, to the vulue of 25s, from the dwelling house of Joseph Davey, also with stealing a wiaikw blind, value 20s, frem the dwelling- hoaae of Michael Flanagan, an£, being convicted, was sentenced to seven days1 imprisonment with hard labor. One or two drunkards wore fined in email smcunts, and several parlcos were ordered te pay sues due for goods -sclS. The applicatiea of Samuel Lancashire, of the CourtHouse Hotel, for u night license, was refused, as was also the s^plica- ' tien made to transfer 'the Mechanics' Hatoi from ! Eagh Barclay to JamesIP. Purcell. Messrs Ciloyd, ! -VTnrren, Moora, Diria and Carroll were the sitting; magistrates. j An entertainment, .sorsisting of a concert and! ?coiree dansantc, will 'bn given in the mechanics' (institute, Emereld-hil!, this evening, in aid of' 'the funds of the institute. The prograeMto is good'1 ?and promises «a amcoing entertainment. j There were co-casecirf public interest dignosedofi at the Fitzroy police court, yesterday. J^aniol j Richmond and Hy. ILewis were charged with drunkenness; the ?former was fined Kb, and the' latter 40a. William Russell, on remand, wae accused of stealing a|jp£ece of bacon from the -ehqp of Mr Meyers, Elgin-street, Carlton.. for whioh offence he was seat Uxgaol for one week, with hard labor. Chas. Burgees, Samuel M'Gartney, .{Toe. »vnson, Jas. JUUntyro and George Williame, charged with plyingifcr hire off their, proper stand, were each fined 2s «-3d, with 23 6d .costs. (The mayor and Messrs iThomas and Hailes were the magistrates who presided. Thooharge againii Warren Potter, recently a publican at Clunos, «f lodging a false inventory .of his effects, and retaining a portion cf his estate after it had been Be^testrated, was again brought forward at the city police conrt, yesterday;; but asm sequent upon the afcsence of a witoess, named Wrigley, the aotnaod-was remanded far a weeb, -beil being allowed in twerureties of £50 each. An Old offender, named John Wilson, who hag attempted to pick the pockets of -several persons ir the Collies. street Baptist Church, was sent to prison for *ix months. At the Sandridge police court, yesterday, ,G'ean Estovan was senteesed to fourteen days on boa.rd ! the hulks for desertiug from the Ttelian baigao Teresa Orieqne. tCn the applications of Charles Earnshaw, a transfer .ot tho license foe tho Foundry Hotel to George Pawoy was granted. Messrs .Gail, Thomas and Plnminer were upon the bench. A special meeting.ef the shareholders of i,he Alii anco Building Society was held at the mechanics' I xuoiiiuiB, iasi, evening, out tne reporters were re fused admission. I Consequent upon tto municipal election, thero was no sitting of -ihe Prahran police eonrt, yes terday. An election of twe councillors to fill the eKtra ordinary vacancies in the Prahran council, caused i by the resignation cf -Crs. Dickson and White, was held vesterdav. aad rosnlfnd in n,o ,«t ? t I ?? * v ?-- ? ™-«w^» *u b*io lOtutJl lAt Mr H. J. Kuijpe and Mr C. Ogg. The close of the poll was as follows :— H. J. Knipe, 117 ? C ?ffigg, Gi7 ; J. Goold, £12 ; and C. J. Lewis, 615. By an advertisement in another column, we perceive that' the second series of 'Readings for Working Men,' will be held this evening, in the ? Tewn Hall, Hotham. ? Che foundation stone of a new bridge over the River Plenty, at Morang, was laid, on Wednesday last, by Mrs Wilton, the wife of John Wilton, Esq., J.P. A handsome silver trowel was presented to Mrs Wilton by the chairman of the road hoard, a bottle, containing the daily Journals, a record of the proceedings in connection with the erection of the bridge, and several coins of ths realm, was placed in a cavity in the stone; and it having been declared duly ktd, three hearty cheers were given. A short address having been delivered by Mr Wilton, the proceedings terminated. | On Tuesday last, Mr Couchman, tho surveyor of the Castlemaiao district, attended at Shearer's Hotel, Dajlesford, to hear certain complaints pre- i ferred against Mr A. G. Brown, the contract sur veyor under the 43nd clause of tho Amending Land Act, for the eastern portion of the Hepburn dio trict. The Express says :— ' We understand that tho investigation was ordered by Mr Grant, in con sequenca of representations to the effect that Mr Brown had failed to snrvey allotments within a rea sonable time after applications had been lodged. We believe, however, that Mr Couchman was satis fied, after listening to the charges, that Mr Brown BI™ waa oiameiess, tne delay having arisen through his physical inability to make the surveys sooner. That gentleman was not present, as he had left for town to lay the facts before the Min ister of Lands. We have no doubt that all the contract surveyors are liable to similar misrepre sentations, and from the Bame cause.' The value, in a commercial sense, of the ' black sand,' which has for several years past been unprofitably extracted, in the process of gold seeking, from tho soil of the auriferous district extending along the course of the Yarra, in aad around Anderson's Creek, is at length in a fair way of being satisfactorily tested. _ A sample of the sand in question was recently brought to town by Mr John Allen, a miner, who has spent some time in 'prospecting' in the locality in question, and the following report upon its constituent ele ments will be read, not without interest, by those concerned In the development of the mineral re sources of the country. It may be added, that Mr Allen is about taking the necessary steps for forming a oompany, with the view of utilising th. produot in question; and it ia stated that other , associated effort* are about being organised for , [he attainment of the 8at09 useful object. ' j The report above mentioned is as follows : — 'Mining department, Melbourne, 10:h August, 18G6. Sir, — I have tho honor to report that I have carefully examined a sample of auriferous sand, brought to the office by Messrs Allen, of Anderson's Creek. I find it to consist of sulphide of iron and titaniferous iron, with a considerable quantity of scaly gold. I have eliminated the ge'd, and having taken 10 oz of the sand, obtained a resnlt of 34 grains, which shows a return of 253 oz 17 dwt 4 gr per ton of sand. I have not assayed the gold, but, judging from its appearance, it is of fair average quality. — I have, &c;, W. Vazib Simons. To Brough Smyth, Esq., Secretary for Mines.' The corporation have ovidently some misgivings as to their right in equity to the grant of certain land at tho eastern end of Bonrke-street, for somo time past in occupation ostensibly as a hay market. The proceedings already token before the court in equity have made it apparent to the city magnates that they have but little prospect of gaining their case, and hence the appeal made yesterday before tho hon. the Commissioner of Lauds and Survey by his Worship the Mayor and the town clerk. The plea was that the sale shonld not bo proceeded with until Parlia ment had been appealed to in the matter, and presumably, by way of indicating what the opinion of Parliament was likely to be, Messrs M'Mahon, Blackwood, Levi and Langton, members of the Opposition in the Assembly, wore trotted out before Mr Grant, partly with a view to coerce tho Government. The result was a signal failure. His Worship the Mayor was accompanied by Messrs Wragge, Harbison, John Thomas Smith and M'Pherson, and, ia conjunction with tho members of the Legislative Assembly already mentioned, he asked that tho land should bo withdrawn from sale until Parliament had had an opportunity of expressing an opinion whether its possession was really in the corporation or the Crown. It was stated that th« corporation had expended money en the reserve, and also that they had let it for a poriod expiring in May next. The case, as stated by tho Mayor, might have sufficed in support of the appli cation for a temporary withdrawal of the land from sale, had not fae town clerk and othor gentlemen connected with tho deputation unwittingly ad vanced statements of a disingenuous character, which Cr. Harbison felt oonstrninod to con tradict. Mr Grant, in combating some of the statements put forward by the town clerk and Capt M'Mahon, observed that the corporation were not applying the lands already vested in them for the purposes for which they were given. This, Mr Fitegibbon denied, when Mr Harbison interposed with the remark that a portion of the Westbrn Market was let by the corporation for a timber yard, and that a large contract had been entered into for the erection of shopn and offices, which, ho said, was entirely foreign to the purposes of a market. He dao stated that tho land on tho Eastern hill had been granted for use as a hay market, -)ut had not been so applied, fee market reserve in 'Bonrke-streothaviGgbeen appropriated hitherto for that objeot. Such statements from a member of tho corporation, end a member also of the As sembly, afforded sufficient indication that any appeal to Parliament upon auch premises as the deputation had submitted to Mr Grant were not Jikely to be any tnore BucoeEriul than the appeal to the equity court; and Mr Grant, of tor patiently I listening to the arguments put forward, intimated that the whole subject had been fully considered by the Cabinet, and that th& decision already gi*ea would be adhered to and the laitd sold. Ee pointed ont that the corporation had already sufficient land for market purposes within the city, and that for years past tho land on tie Eastern-bill had not boen made use of, but had boen suffered to bocomo an eyesore I to the locality. In reference to a paragraph that appeared in Tnesday'u issue, relative to a Mr Dean, who had been missing far somo time, and of whom it was said thut fears were entertained for his safety, Ob he was said to be suffering from extreme lowness of spirits, we are happy to state that the missing gentleman was found on Wednesday evening wan dering in a paddock near Mr Goyder's Red House, Northcote. Mr Govder immArt;nt«i,, =„„-? i.;J home to his family in Emerald-hill ; but he pre sented a most pitiable appearance, having been without food and exposed to the inclemency of the weather for nearly a week. Mr Dean for a long time held the position of head bookkeeper to Messrs Morley and Carrick, and it is said that constant I application to his duties had caused temporary aberration of intellect. Somo magnificent oil paintings, by Engeno Von Gnerard, were yesterday disposed ot by pnblic auction, in the estate of Mr D. Eisenstaedter. The amo unrucieu consiaeraoie attention, and the com petition waB very spirited. The choicest work of art, ' The Snowy Monntains, Wangaratta, Gipps Land,' was purchased for the European market, by MrJ. L. Grundy, of Collins-street, a well known connoisseur, for £110, not a third of its roal value, and the remainder of the pictures were disposed of at fair priceB. Tha view of ' Cape Schanck' was purchased by Mr Williams, the coachbuildor, for £60 ; and ho was also fortunate in securing another choice picture, ' Mount William and part of tho Grampians, W. Victeria,' for £25. Mr Reed, of Collins-street, was the successful competitor for two pictures, ' The Fig Tree Group on the track from Eiama to Shoalhavon, N. S. Wales ;' and ' Mount I Kent, on the Wangaratta, Gipps Land,' for £-M 10s. ' Tho View of the Mitta Mitta River, with part of the Benambra Mountains, N. E. Victoria,' wa3 bought by Mr J.Wilson for £30; and Mr Gibb was the purchaser of ' The Elephant Rock, near Cope Schanck,' for which he gave £22 ; and ' Mount Louisa, on the Wangaratla, Gipps Land,' for £18. Tho eight pictures realised £309 103. Tho M. and D. Advertiser Bays :—' We have heard a good deal lately about striking for wages, , because o reduotion would not be submitted to,°bu't a novel case has come under our notice, for the truth of which we can vouch. A working miner came to his employers the other day and said that ho wished j to leave their employ, in whioh he had been far somo montha, receiving £2 5s per week as hia him Ho owed some small debts contracted during the drought, and urged, as his reason for leaving, that his creditors knew that he was in the receipt of regular wages, and were always asking for a sottle- j ment of acoounts. He therefore intended to go fossicking again. ' But,' said the employer, ' can you earn 30s per week, then, on the average ?' ' No was the reply ; ' but then my creditors will know that I have not got the money, and will not ask for payment.' We commend this novel advantage ui j/uroivj. iu iuu»o ui our worinng minors who are such devout believers ia high wages.' The M. A. Mail says :-?? A day or two ago, as Mr Millan, of Campbell's Creek, was opening the gizzard of a fowl, he made the discovery that it contained a nugget of gold J oz in weight. The bird had been for some time running about Mr Millan'a paddock, in which mining ia now coin' on. . ° ° The Geelong Advertiser says ' The River Barwon j which has been running bank- high for the past few (lays, has been augmented by its tributaries, ami th* water is now running over tho river flats on the northern bi.nk below the breakwater. The rains having ceased at Ballaarat and the surrounding dis tricts, thero is not any probability of there being a flood on the prasent occasion. The 'river ia now higher than at any other time during this year ' ProfeBsor Stevena and his two talented little boys made their first appearance at the Princess's Iheatre, last evening, in their drawingroom enter tainment, which they a few. montha ago gave at the Haymarket. There was not a good hcuse. Mr Ireland has been engaged at this theatr- and will appear there on Thursday evening next Th^,0^611 ,maile-8 hi8 ?Mt appearance at the Theatre Royal this evening, in the dramas af Handy Andy' and 'Barney the Baron.' The performaoceo will b* toe bis benefit. j 