TOWN TALK AND TABLB CHAT. We have received No. 65 of tbe Australian Journal, which contains ' The Mate's Yarn' : a ghost story, by 'iVrtjus - « A. NoB-Bjiiritu«l Rup ut Spirits,' by F.E,S.j 'Tbe Liwyer's Story.' &c;, &e.; ''Tbe Secrets of Bttlbrooke ' and ' The Adventures of a Squatter/' are continued. Tbe illus trations are excellent:, itiey consist of a portrait of -' Tbe Hon. Sir J, F. Palmer, President of the Victorian Legislative Council ;' a rieiy of' Tower Almond— Glen Turret': a remarkable rock near Lake Salvator, on the W&- rego, Northern Australia ; and ' Wi! Ham Word fails to secure the papers,' This number K'as also printed in the Intercolonial Exhibition, and it is equnl to tiny of is predecessors. Tub hours of service at Prince's Squnre Congregational Church (Rev. W. Laws') have been altered from six to !.-a!f past six odock on buadays, comnieBcing to-morrow, and from eevun to half-past sevciu on Monday nnd Wednesday pvctjings. T|iesp cbangps bave bnen mtidn witb a view of oidinif in brinfT'tyr «bo»t uoiformiLy in -h i hours for public worship in all tbo cliurcbes in Launwstpn. Two little girls about seven yenrs of ape, went to Messrs Smith nnd Puolo's dnipery establishment, yesterday morn inif, and were delected in the act ol stftiline: a p&ir; of shoes. There is good trraund Ittr believing: tbnt the parents of those unfortunate children musthdva prompted and tutored them to steal. Wb naderstsd tbat it is the intention of tha Hide Band togive, shortly, another of their popular Soiree Dansantcs. in aid of their band lund ; and as no trmWfi will bo spared to make tho cn^HgeinHiitiJ as complete at possible, wo Hnncijiate thai liiuy wiil be vory iiVnilly [iBirutiistfii. VV« b»ve r.'ODived Iron Mjssrs.W.ilcli and Sons, & oopy of this mondiV num ber of t!ie '? Illustrated Melbourne Post ' It is beautifully em^ieiliebed with wnll- etecute.d woctdouts of the '' 0p»aiox »ud Vi»ws of the Interior of ilia Inter Colonial Exhibition;' 'Burn- ing ot tbe Sliip li;«ult, is Hobsoa'a Day;' ' C^rra Lino Bridge,' in ibis Colony ; a portrait of Mr. Henry Kacey Htirst, who was murdered by Burkfl, i lie Bushranger; ' Thd Capture of Burkfl ;' Wesleyan Oltflpel, Pirie-stmet, Adelaide ; ' M-Kiulay's Ualt,'1 con structed on the Alligator River, North Australia ; and a Cabtoet of Perfumes, manufucured by Mr. O'Neill, of Syd riey, exlubiieii at the Ipu-r Cojunta! Exhibition. This dumber will be v^ry acceptable to friends at home. Ok Wednesday lust, a groom named Robert Jenkins, in tht« employ of Mr. E. Ayton, of tbe Nile Hotel, met with a si- ri'jus accident through tha bursting of a gun. Having obtained a gun for tbe purpose of destroying a car, the gun exploded aad shattered the left band in a frightful roapner. Tfie hand was, in tact, almost blown entirely off. H,o was at once conveyed to Dr. Stewart, ot Evandalo, who sent bioi (o the General Hospital, IjauQaeston, and oa Thursday bis arm was taken off just above ilie wrist, whilst under the influence, of chloroform, and be is doiog as well as can be expecte d The I?ev J. Norman, has intimated liia inteiitiop of retiring from the Ministry of Sorell, at the end -if the present year, ou a [jcusion %vliicb wjU'flmount to n(-out £380 a year. The Rev Mr N'unmui is tbe oldest Minister now in office in this colony. He arrived here iti September 1827 an invalid from Africa, recommended to try tbe de liglitful climate of this colony fur the benefit of his health The result must be considered satisfactory, us after near forty years service hpre. he' is still in sound health Mr Norman was uppuintcd a Chaplain here by Sir George Arthur, but had to give place to tbe llev Ur Browne who iirnved in 1828, witb Archdeacon Uavies, as Ciiapiaiiis ijudpr tije eigu manuel of His hinjesty George the IVcij. The llev. Dr. iiruwae is now tfie only minister in Tflwunia who holds his p'lsi tiun uuder ihc provuioiis of the first ecclesiiistkal act of the nominee Council of this colony. The knowledge of this fact is probably tho reason of ttio present movement toward a doing nway with ijtite aid to religion, although the {.fn-ipled of the party ijuw coming into povycr, as nvuK-ed tliruu^h their organs is to fi'lia diate all such laxal claims lit aloha, auc give as a reason tor this that they are not in a pusitioti to keep faith, even with their most faithful servants. They, in fact, pru[)-j*e to ddopt ' The good elan, That be shall take who has the power, and be may keep who can.' T{iE following tenders were received by tbe Municipal Council, of Evand-le, on Tuesday last, for the erection of tlienetv Municipal Council Chamber. D. Scott, T. Richardson, and G Tyson, for the whole work, £096 : T. and W. Malcolm, for the whole work, £642 10s ; J W, Lloyd, for tlia whole work, #S27 ; Ditto (without cornice in the largg room), £C1^: lobert Mastermaii, fomidation, q'onp ana brick work, and plastering. £327 ; Win. Hills, concrete, iron, nud plastering, £335. Tlieir consideration was deferred until Wednesday, when Mr Lloyd's tender was accepted. Amongst the northern amusements in preparation for Boxiug D.i.v, will bs a voc,ai aua instrumental concert, at tue IVmce of Wales Theatre, Wcstbury, by the mem--er3 of the Longford Hand, under the pitronage of the tfemWera of the /ijigf'jrj anil Lmncestou Volunteer Firo Utigadeu. 