WESLEY CHURCH, CHIPPENDALE. The foundation itone of an edifice to be called Wesley Church, was laid by Mrs. George Wigram Allen, at Chip pendale. on Monday afternoon. There was a large concourse of spectators, who regarded the proceedings with much interest. The ground is situated nearly at the back or chancel end of the old church, with an extensive frontage to Botany Road, and is one unusually difficult to deal with, its shape being that of a truncated triangle. The arrangement of the building has been adapted to the strange and difficult site in a most successful manner. The style is gothic. The plan of the church is an oblong, projecting from the centre of the east side, also with bold projecting porches with spacious entrance doors in the west front. The plan is broken on the east aide by the chancel, the minister's vestry, and porch. The seats are arranged conveniently and comfortably in a semi-circular manner around the chancel. The chancel end has a rostrum, with an open- framed arched platform and a spacious well designed com- munion rail in front. The design also shows a reredos in the chancel wall behind the rostrum, with moulded arches supported on small columns, but so treated as to form a series of monuments as memorials of deceased ministers or members of the congregation. The gallery seats are arranged in the same manner. The organ and choir will be placed in tbe centre, opposite the rostrum. The accommodation on the ground floor is for 660 adults, twenty inches apart, and the gallery for 500 children, or a total, of 1040 adults. The internal dimensions of the church are 94 x 43 x 50. feet in chancel ; the minis- ter's vestry 12 feet 6 inches by 11 feet, and the crypt ves- tries 17 feet 10 inches by 13 feet 6 inches each. The . exterior of the church, as entered by the porches, in which are the stairs leading to the galleries will look well, the numerous couplet lancets dissipating the gloom and shadow under the galleries, and hardly meeting the flooding of the rose windows of the chancel. The great west, north, and south windows, and those traceried at the sides, will con- trast well with the shadow and repose of the roof portions. The columns of the galleries will be of wood, with carved capitals, and the framing of the galleries, rostrum, seats, &c.;, will be panelled, and worked in the best manner, and of colonial materials. The roof is supported by five prin- cipals and two diagonal ones over the centre space, of hard- wood, terminating in carved corbels. The whole of the interior will be plastered, with the exception of the stone bands, dressings, &c.;, which will project. The exterior presents in the entrance side fronting Botany Road a deeply recessed doorway, with columns and carved caps and richly moulded architrave, with label mould in carved besses, the whole crowned with gable moulded. The stairs slant at each side of this, marked on the exterior by narrow stepped lights, with arches over and moulded strings. At the angles three-quarter columns are intro- duced with moulded bases and carved caps. The part of porch over centre door has a shed roof to admit of the great central window. On the north and south sides of the porch there are doors treated in the same manner as central one. To each of the doors the fall of the ground necessi tates a flight of steps. Behind this porch rises the large gable opposite the chancel arch, with its west window of five lights terminating in trefoiled heads. Above the window is filled with a circle of leaf tracery, with three quartrefoils and several other ornamental openinga. The whole is crowned with mouldings and a label mould on bosses. There are two bays at each side of this gable divided by projecting buttresses, and having couplet lancets in each bay, and above them a two-light window with cinque foils in the heads, and crowned by a eoping with moulded corbels. The north elevation presents a large window of four lights of similar design to the one before described, but with four quatrefoils in the head, the tracery moulded, and the whole crowned with a label mould on bosses. Below this window ate lancets forming a triplet, with a single lancet at each side, their sills resting in a moulded string course which runs around the building. Below the base course the win- dows and door of the crypt vestries are arranged in couplets, with door in centre. This elevation in finished with coping, &c.;, in the same manner as described for front gable. The south elevation is of the same character as the north. The east elevation has a gable crowned with coping, moulded and carved finial with gablets like that of front, forming chancel. The design shows in this gable a fine large rose window, with quatrefoils and a central cinquefoil, the bars richly moulded and protected by label on bosses and gable above. At the north side of this the minister's vestry pro- jects considerably, breaking the outline, and having a flight of steps with entrance communicating with rostrum and church. At the other side a porch gives admittance to the church. The bays beyond these at each side are treated in the same manner as the west front. The perspective either going up or coming down Botany Road is good. This edifice will be the finest Wesleyan church in the colony. The material of the walls is to be stone from the Pyrmont quarries, in six-inch courses, pitchfaced, with foot dressings, quoins, and bands. The seating will be of cedar, and also the rostrum and galleries ; the roof of hard- wood, slated. Cathedral glass will be used in all the windows, and coloured in the borders. The ventilation has been well attended to. The doors will also be of cedar, with ornamental hinges, escutcheons, &c.; The contractors selected for the masons' work are Messrs. Kelly and Macleod ; for the carpenters' and finishing trades, Mr. Henry Toose. Mr. Thomas Rowe is the architect. At 4 o'clock the Rev. James Bickford gave out the 620 Lytun ; and, after it had been sung by the assemblage, he engaged in prayer. The Rev. Richard Sellors then reed I he seventh chapter of the second book of Samuel. A Idcruian Muki'HY next informed the audience of what were ihe contents of the bottle to be placed in the cavity of (be stone, viz., copies of the daily papers, the Wesleyan Adcciati, I'uiich, the Fashions for 1665, and sundry coins. TLe following document was also contained in the bottle, end was read alcud by the Rev. J. Bickford: — 'j lie foundation stone of this (Wesley) Church was laid on New Year's Day, by Mrs. G. Wigram Allen, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, and in the twenty ninth year of tbe reign of ber Majesty Queen Victoria. Governor of New South Wales, Sir John ^ oung, K.C.B. President of the Conference, the Rev. James Swanton Waugh. Secretary of the Conference, the Rev. Henry 11. Gaud. Chairman ofthe Sydney District, tbe Rev. James Watkin. Circuit Ministers : The' Rev. James hlckford, the Kev. Richard Sellors. Circuit 6tewards : Joseph Wcarnc, Esq., Thomas 1'. Reeve, Esq. Trustees and Committee : Messrs. G. W. Alien, T. Bowden, A. M'Arthur, Lewis Moore, Thomas P. Reeve, Joseph Oliver, John Bnrrows, Jascm Johnstone, W flliom Taylor, Archibald Fletcher, William Austin, Edward Oram, Joseph'Wcame. James Murphy, Shepherd Dowarth, Matthew Pickering, Walter O'Reilly, John Connor, sen., Richard Pcttacrbridgc, Richard M'Coy, and M. Medway. Architect, Thomas Rowe, Esq. Contractors (masons) : Messrs. iit'lly and Mactcod ; nnistung trades, Mr. loose. Tbe Rev. James Bickford said that it was now his pleasurable duty toinform them that Mrs. G. Wigram Allen, upon the imitation of the committee, had kindly consented to lay tbe ' foundation stone' of the church to be erected here. The building was to be called Wesley Church, and by that name it would be known as one of the ecclesiastical edifices of this city. The cost would be something over £5000. The accommodation was calculated for^700 adults and 500 children. In a few months from this time, it was hoped, the building would be finished, the contractor paid, end the house itself filled with the presence and power of the Most High. An elegant mullet and silver trowel were then handed to Mrs. G.W. Allen, who, thereupon, performed the cere mony of laying the stone. The trowel bore the following inscription: — Presented by tbe trustees to Mrs. G. W. Allen, on the occasion of her laying the foundation stone of Wesley Church, Chippendale, January 1st, 1866. Rev. J. Bickford, Rev. R. Sellors, Circuit Ministers. Mr. T.Uowo, architect. Mr. G. W. Allen said, it devolved upon him, on behalf of bis wife, to express to them her very great gratification at bring requested to lay the foundation stone of Wesley Church. He regarded it not merely as a compliment to ourselves but as a recognition of the services and a tribute to the memory of (he Rev. Mr. Boyce, who during his ten years' residence in the colony had taken up his abode and laboured in this circuit. It was mainly through the exertions and influence of the Rev. Mr. Boyoe and of Mr. Allen that the land in Parramatta-street had been obtained, and by the proceeds of the sale of which the present church would in a great measure be erected. He (the speaker) had been one of the first stewards in the circuit, and bad had the honour of laying the foundation stone of three chapels in it since its separation. He well remembered the diligent and faithful labours of the Rev. Mr. LewiB, whose glorified and happy spirit would, doubt less, if permitted to look npon what was now being done, take great interest in the proceedings of this dsv. It was an important and a solemn duty in which we had just been engaged, and they would allow him to express his great sympathy in (he work and his desire to assist as far as he possibly could. He was also glad to know that this church would be built, without incurring any very large debt, and be hoped without trenching too much on the liberality of our friends. He trusted that theblcesing of God would rest upon our undertaking, and that the church to be built upon this foundation would bo a lasting benefit not to the con gregation only, but to the whole neighbourhood. In the woide of the hymn he would say — These walls we to tliy honour raise, Long may ihcy echo to thy praise 1 An4 thou, descending, fill the place With choicest tokens of thy grace. Itid In lltn rrwiot iWiRlrr ilflV. When God tbc nations filial! survey, May it before tbe world appear, Tbat crowds were bora to glory here. Tbe Rev. Stephen Babone said tbat their object, even when stripped of its religions character and viewed from any point, was one of deep interest and importance to every philanthropist. He believed tbat there were not many persons hut would admit that if we were toa have in this country an industrious sober population,^ thriving, happy, and a prosperous community^ we must in addition to halls of commerce, mechanics' institutes, and schools of arts, also have sanctuaries fbr the worship of the one living and true God. He was satisfied that even to accomplish the material and worldly interest of the community, it was necessary to make them Christians; and it was essential that chapels and churches should he erected in every part of the land. The institutions already named had their interest and value, but we were not prepared for a momont to admit any comparison between tbcui and the house of God 8B to their-wurth and importance. Many great ad vantages might he derived from these institutions, but one thing was needful, and it was to supply that need that wo were now assembled— -to commence mo erection of a house of God, in which his gospel was especially to bo proclaimed —in which his word was to bo expounded— his holy sacra ments were to be administered, u&d; in which the parents and children of ttis lou lily wore to bo taught the right ways of the Lord. He most emphatically said that the great end in the work now begun and before us was the glory of the Divine Name and the Balvation of immortal souls* We yielded to none in our desire for the temporal and worldly interests of our fcllow-mcn ; and, as he trusted, but to few in our efforts to promote those interests. The deepest conviction of our nature was, that to do this most certainly and effectually we must by all means attempt to secure their personal salvation. The building, the faun dation-htone of which had just been laid, would be & Wesleyan church. We did not announce this as expecting it to recommend the work to every individual ofthe commu nity. Tbc time was when, as a section, we were every where spoken against, but that time had paesod away. As a Methodist church, the services in it would generally be conducted by Wcsleyaii ministers, and in it would be preached what was sometimes designated Wesleyan doc trine. It was cot so designated because it had no founda tion in the word of God, for he believed that nothing was taught or received among us as essential to salvation but whet was based upon the eternal truth of God. In this sanctuary would be taught the doctrine that there is but one God— that in tbc unity of the Godhead there are three persons — the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, eqwti in substance, power, and glory. The plenary inspiration both of the Old and New Testament Scriptures was & doctrine which would also be proclaimed in this house of prayer. They would here be taught that the eternal Son of God became the mortal son of man, and in tbc union of the Divino and the human nature in bis one person he became tbe Mediator, the Priest, and Sacrifice for all mankind. They would here preach the glad and glorious doctrioes of the atonement— ihe personality of tbc Holy Spirit— the justification of the sinner instrumental!}' through faith in Jesus Christ, Ho would tell them no more of what would bo preached, and of what tbey already knew was preached ; but he would here take tbc liberty to cay that the practice of itineracy as {obtaining among us, would come into operation in relation to this sanctuary as to all others, but notwithstanding this, they never heard of a difference in doctrine in Methodist sanctuaries on the essential verities of God's Holy Word. He hoped that the supplication in the opening prayer would be answered, that a spirit of liberality aud generosity would be poured upon the people. We had little to say for the architecture ofthe old building. Our tastes had perhaps improved since its erection, our numbers had increased, our means had been enlarged, and we hoped that the glory of this latter house would far exceed that of the old one. That had a glory, and let no man think meanly of it. Around that old building were clustered delightful remi nibcer.ces; end there were to-day praising God in heaven those who had found the Saviour of sinners there ; and there were many wending their way to heaven this after noon who had there found the pearl of great price. To them and to himself hundreds of times it had been none other than the house of God and the very gate of heaven. Our hope and prayer was that this house now to be erected should excel, especially in the latter respects, the glory of the former; tbat the Lord our God, the God of our faihers would bless ub and make us as & thousandfold bo many as we were. The proceedings were closed with the Doxology. Soon after the service in the afternoon, a tea meeting was held in the schoolrooms, and at night a public meeting took place in the chapel. Both gatherings were veiy nume rously attended. The Rev. K. Sellohs offered prayer. Mr. Joseph Wearne occupied the chair, and began the business of the evening by some remarks appropriate to the occasion. The Bev. JoecrH Oram addressed the meeting. He hoped that the new church would not only surpass the one in which they were assembled as to its style ana dimensions, but that it would likewise far exceed it in spiritual beauty and the moral excellence w hich would result. He thought they might raise £1000 to-night, and hoped that they would do it. The Rev. William Curnow congratulated the congre gation on the prospect they bad of getting a larger and a better building than this ; and he hoped tbat the work com menced to-day would go on to a triumphant and glorious completion. The old structure was to stand; it would be a me nf i.VtArtacf ntid it twvhflrtA fcprvp fflnrftVAnttliAm Item becoming proud. He trusted that they would never lose their old Methodist ic identity. Methodism was not perfect, but there were spots in the sun, and our Church was just about as white as others. He went in for a Church with a head and a heart, and our principal aim should be to adapt our Cburch to tbe undying heart and head of mankind. The speaker then proceeded to defend the organisation of the Wesleyan denomination in respect to itineracy, contending that the changea periodically made at the aid of three years were less frequent, from a variety cf causes, than occurred in other denominations. He believed in apostolic succession, and was firmly con vinced that his brother Bickford was as much a hiflcp as was Br. Tait, the Bishop of London. The work of the ministry was niOBt arduous, and reqnired the highest ability, but its rewards in the gratitude of those who were benefited more than compensated for all the trials that were incident to it. Tte Rev. S. R abone was not going to make a speech, as he understood tbat this was to be abusinesB meeting. They w ere all entitled to give something, and he hoped that they would not go until they had delivered themselves on this point. Tbc Bev. James Bickford invited the meeting to come forward with their contributions. Gentlemen were then appointed to go round to the andiencc, and a considerable sum was given and subscribed for. The meeting was closed with devotional exetcisea. The Glen Rock Boot Factrot. — The foundation stone of a new boot factory for Mr. James Viekeiy, at Glen Bock, Waverley, was laid on Monday. A pic nic being annually given on New Year's Day, by Mr. Vickery. to tbe workmen in his establishment (in which about a hundred and ten hands are employed), the day was selected for commencing the erection of the new factory, to which, on its completion, the boot making branch of Mr. Yickery's business will be removed. A considerable number of persons, including some of the residents in the neighbourhood and several of Mr. Vickery's friends, were present at the inte resting ceremony. It is the intention of Mr. Vickery, as bis bnsiness increases, to construct the factory in the shape of a quadrangle, each side of which will be similar m arrangement to that now commenced. This in plan pre sents a rather lengthened parallelogram, 103 feet by 25 feet 6 inches, with on engine-house 2 4 feet long, communi cating by an iron door with the factory. The building wfll consist of two stories, and will be about 32 feet from the base to tbc apex of the roof. The ground floor will have a tier of columns down the centre, with struts to support the joists and flooring of the first floor. This floor is to be well lighted by a triple grouping of the windowB at each end of the range and by couplets between; an iron door, Tendering the end of the factory next the engine-house fire-proof, will open into the well- lighted lofty engine-room. At the entrance to the factory a staircase will lead to an airy spacious apartment lighted by a succession of narrow well spaced windows, and surmounted by seven principals supporting the roof. The whole of the work will he of a plain substantial character in accordance with tbe object of the building. The general effect cf the building wnl be good ; taking the grouping of the whole, the light tapering chimney, the long range of the factru y, end its front, will render it a more picturesque object tban factories usually are. This structure is to be followed by the erection of fifteen houses intended tor the accommodation of those of the workmen who prefer living near their place of business and obtaining the pure healthy air of Waverley. Tbc contractor for the excavations and maEon's work is Mr. R. WatMns, of Waverley; and Mr. Joseph Watson, ef Sydney, has contracted for the finishing trades. The architect for the factory as well as for the workmen's bouses is Mr. Thomas Rowe, of Pitt-street, Sydney. The proceedings were commenced on Monday by Mr. John Dawson, who made a few remarks on the benefit to the colony of such manufactures as that of Mr. Vickery, and concluding by requesting Miss M, C. Yickery to lay the foun dation stone, at the same time offering her a mallet and trowel, presented by the employes in her father's establish ment. Tbe trowel was asilver one, handsomely engraved, with a handle of scented myall. The mallet was of colonial tulip wood. A document recording the event, together with a copy of each of the daily papers, and several coins of tbe realm, were deposited in a bottle under the foundation stone. The customary formalities of layingthe foundation stone were then gone through, and Miss viekeiy declared the stone to be well and truly laid. Loud cheers from the company assembled followed the per foimancc of the ceremony after which Mr. Vickery returned his sincere tnnnt-H to the workmen employed in his establishment for their great kindness in presenting liis daughter with the beautiful trowel and mallet, and he ventured to say that the occasion of receiving it would be long and pleasantly re membered by ber. i . e trusted that he aud those he saw around him might be long engaged together in the work of producing colouiul manufactures. This was one of those things (bat must be attended to if the colony was ever to progress. It would never do for us to 6end all our produce to England and tbon to import it bock again ; we muBt do something to supply the rising generation with the meanB of employment. '\V ben he looked about him and saw so large a number sf children he felt that something ought to be done towards finding occupation for them. They could not all bcEhcpherds, or gold diggers ; some might not be strong enough for these employments, and some better occupation Blight bo found for them than that of being buried in the bush. He thought it was high time that the colonists generally turned their attention to the management of their manufactures. He saw no reason why we should not manufacture here most of the things that we require. By making the articles that we were now exporting, we should become prosperous as a colony. He again thanked his friends for uieir kind present to his daughter. Lusty cheers were then given for the Queen, also for Mr. Yickery and for Miss Yickery. Sub sequently the visitors were entertained by Mr. Yickery to luncheon in a mtu quae on the ground, when the following toasts were drunk : — ' The Queen,' ?' Sir John Y oung, ' The Land we live in,' ' Success to the Enterprise,' ?Mr. James Yickery and Family,' 'The Press,' aud ' The Chairnianj' The remainder of the afternoon was agreeably spent in various recreations. There are now 714 colonial poBt&l; money order offices in connection with this country ; 364 of them are in British North America, 298 in Australasia. 46 in the Cape of Good Hope, and 10 in the 'West Indies. Canada has 330, Victoria 90, New South 'Wales 73, South Australia 48, and New Zealand 37. 