THE CASE OF DAVID GIBSON ; SYDNEY INFIRMARY. In addition to the correspondence laid before the Legisla- tive Assembly, and printed in our columns on Friday last, the following document has been forwarded to us by the Rev John Dougall, one of the Honorary Secretaries of the Sydney Infirmary - "REPORT of the HOUSE Visiting Committee for the fort- night ending 9th July, to whom was referred the Colonial Secretary's letter, and Captain Mitchell's complaint " The House Visiting Committee convened a meeting for Thursday, the 13th instant, and requested the attend ance of Mr Flood, Captain Mitchell, and his steward . also Dr Renwlck, the honorary physician, who attended the boy Gibson. From the evidence then taken, the state- ment contained in Captain Mitchell's letter (since handed to the committee) appears generally to have been borno out, the only discrepancy being that the ship's steward is mis- taken in saying that ' he asked some persons in connection with the Infirmary why the lad was in that state, and in answer to such inquiry was told to mind his own business ' " This is not correct. Every person in the service of the institution has been pointed out to the Steward, and he has been unable to identify the party to whom he spoke. If, therefore, such a reply was given, it must have been by some party who on that day was a visitor, and not by one of the servants. " It appears clear, as well from the evidence of Captain Mitchell and his steward as the messenger who gave Gibson his bath and cut his hair on his admission, that the boy was in a perfectly clean state when admitted, and that on the Thursday, eighteen days after admission, when the steward first noticed the vermin, and the Friday when Mr Flood, Mr Parkes, and others visited the boy, ho was in a very filthy state with vermin. The steward, who regularly visited the lad, however, states that on the previous Sunday he and the mate sat by the bed and conversed for some time with the patient, who expressed himself perfectly satisfied with the treatment, care, and attention, he had received, and that, up to that time, he (the steward) saw no ground of complaint in any way ; whatever vermin were seen on tho Thursday and Friday must have first come upon his person since the previous Sunday. The steward distinctly states that be must have been clean on that day, as he sat so very close to him that he must have noticed any vermin if there had been any at that time. In explanation of how he came to be in that state, Dr Berwick, who is one of the most punctual of the medical officers, states that he saw the patient every day, and, of course, on the morning of the Thursday referred to, about 9 a m , and ho did not then notice any vermin. He also adds, that he has known cases where patients in a low and weak condition, in the most cleanly houses, being quite free from van in were covered with them in twenty four hours. " The acting wardnnsn who was on duty in place of the regular wardsman, who was ill, states that he first noticed the vermin on Thursday morning, and he asked the sick wardsman what he was to do, when he was directed to rub some mercurial ointment in the head which he did and this, it appears, from the evidence of the doctor, house sur geon, and matron had the effect of killing and, at the some time, disturbing and distributing the vermin so that they could readily be seen. "The next morning (Friday) the patient, who was in a very low stole, had not been washed by the time Mr Flood and Mr Parkes arrived. The vermin that had been dis turbed, therefore, were still to be seen, but most of them were dead. The committee are by no means satisfied with this explanation, and they consider the acting wardsman must have leen guilty of gross inattention to have per mitted the patient to get in that state and being, in many other respects, quite unfitted for the duties he has to poi form, the committee recommend that he should be dis- missed " It must always be the duty of the wardsman to see to the cleanliness of the patients. A physician, who prescribes for a sore foot, will not examine the head-nor can this be expected from the house surgeon or matron, but it does seem incredible that the lad should have been in the state represented, without being noticed by Dr Renwick, who, as before stated saw the patient every morning, unless it is to be accounted for as suggostcd by him. "The evidence discloses facts with reference to the gene- ral issue of clean linen, the system of nursing, and the general management for the thoughtful consideration of the Directors. But one matter in reference to this case cannot be passed over. The fact that a patient should have been nearly three weeks in the Infirmary, and that the wardsman could not tell what clean linen he had received, shews eithor a very lax system or that the wardsman was a singularly innattentive and forgetful person. The wardsman stated it was possible that he may not have had a clean nightcap dur- ing all the time he had been in the ward ! ! ! -he could not tell; he kept no account; he believed on account of the min there were no nightcaps although he asked foe them.' The girl who gives out the clothes says that the wardsman never asked for any nightcaps , and Mrs Ghost say that the wardsman is mistaken-that the boy had several night caps, and he repeatedly had his bedclothes changed several times in a day. These contradictions could not occur if a regular system was pursued in the matter of giving out linen. ' The committee desire to cill the attention of the Direc- tors to the necessity for obtaining an improved system of nursing, by the employment of women who are more atten tive, far more reliable, kinder, and in every respect better qualified to discharge the duties of nurses. " Notwithstanding that the case under consideration is a very gn-ss one, and the statement of the wardsman to the Colonial Secretary that two or three other patients had vermin, the committee distinctly state that it is altogether an exceptional one, and that while in many respects there is room for improvement, and improvements are daily being made, they can challenge competition for general cleanli ness with any other similar institution. ' In conclusion, the commmittee think that they can scarcely deal fairly with the institution without adverting to one encumst mee wbi h, vvhilo tiny may not boj istified in pul line, it forward es tho proxnnnfo enuse if the boy s con- duit n cortmnly may have more or le s led to it, nn 1 that m i-pito of eli but extraordinary cautnn The circmn sfnrco nlludcd to is this when the boy wus received it was into tho only ward which contained a vncnnt bed Into this wi rd owing to thcro being no institution for the recep lion of such peo|le, the Boaid is nbaolutely compol'cd to receive nny fillhv out pst who mi y be found by thepilice in the rtreets in the hist stntre of t \hnustion, or in fits fr rai lhe effect of dunk g nernlly in n Btato totally unfit to tindciL/i tho ntceeenry process of chining It need scarctlv bo snid tLat tho reception of such pco|lois totally foreign to tho object if the institution It 1 us been for yoma n mutter of soro complaint on the pnrt of the Bcnrd, u£d ui lil tho Government or pnvato enanty mferpe ses between the Infinuury nnd such patients (if they mny be to culled) an institution ndapted to their caso, a tbhtarx iE6tt,ncc such ns has happened may in the oourse of years to ex] ected to occur (Signed) .' ALI vANnrit DICK, Chairman, "M. J DWYFU "W. M. ALDEUBOX. "July 23rd, 1866." 