LONDON LIMNINGS. COVENT GARDEN. (Written Expressly for the Sydney Morning Herald.) BY PETER 'POSSUM. THAT peculiar portion of the public which couples Song with Supper as closely as the proverb, has oft been told, in the Cave of Harmony, of the jollity of the monks of old. It seems unkind to sing of the old fellows' bygone rollickings in Covent Garden. When the Cave is closed, and the post-theatrical revellers tumble up into the Piazza, it must surely seem clois- tral to some excited fancy. Figures in cope and cowl must be dimly seen standing in the shadows of the columns, or hurrying away round the corner--figures, plump even in the ghost-state, of the former posses- sors of the Convent Garden, revisiting by the glimpses of the moon, or the bilious light of St. Paul's round eye, and the fitful gleam of the flickering gas jets, the once trimly fresh quadrangle, now paved, littered with cabbage-stalks, and heaped with mountainous piles of market baskets. Seeing it only by night, the ghosts most probably think that it has sadly dete- riotrated since their day. No doubt it was a brave garden then, holding good store of the fairest flowers, the finest fruits, the juiciest roots, the most fragrant herbs, the best kitchen stuff of all kinds the horticul- ture of the era could turn out: but if the old boys could see it now, by daylight ! What a cloud would darken each bovine brow, to think that such feed had come upon an earth from which Faith had fled; that grace had given them very different grazing; that culinary lines had fallen on such very pleasant places not to the leal sons of Mother Church, but to graceless heretics; that by the mystic decree of Heaven, it had been granted to Protestant palates to feast themselves from that thronged arcade--in their time, perhaps, an avenue of lime-trees, pleasant to the eye, and the nose, but only from the buzzing of the bees in the greenly creamy, swoonily sweet-scented blossoms, suggestive of anything nice to eat. There are sweeter scents within it now-a-days. At this time of year the whole square is filled with a lusciously mixed per- fume, as pungent as spices and as fresh as first love, a magic web at which all the scent-fairies have been weaving. Talk about the Moluccas, and cinnamon-scented Ceylon! The cockney can breathe, without going out of Middlesex, an atmosphere that Arabia Felix could not rival. The stones are up in the Strand, the paviour pants over his rammer, and the fat, black soil is sending up a mephitic malodour of gas and sewers: turn aside into Southampton-street, and before you have half mounted its tiny hill, the offended nostril opens again, and begins to drink in the air once more with a zest as deep as its previous disgust. Russia leather (which, by-the-by, is not made in Russia, any more than the bulk of lisle gloves is made at Lisle) breathes forth a very grateful fragrance, and meaner bindings, so long as they are not musty, please rather than offend the nose; but, standing in a book shop in Henrietta- street, this spring weather, how thin and dry you think the pleasantest scent of skin in comparison with the dewy whiffs, or rather waves, of floral fragrance that float along the quiet, sunny thoroughfare, through which so few appear to fare that it looks like the High- street of a cathedral town. The breath of the country broods even in dingy, dray darkened Little Russell-street, and, stealing out through James- street, makes you wonder how you can think of crocuses in Long-acre, when just oppressed by the smell of carriage-varnish. What a breath it is! What a tale it tells of cottage gardens and woodland hollows, where the rattle of a hansom was never heard, and the bullfinch whistles instead of the shoe- black--not caged and schooled as he hangs in the market yonder, but piping his native woodnotes wild, as he sways at his pleasure on the rocking-chair he has made of a brier-spray sprinkled with virgin green, crinkled but not crushed. What mouchoir millefleur can compare with nature's make? The richest things are not the rarest. "The best of things are gratis given, For all to take, by bounteous Heaven." At both ends of the arcade stand the al-fresco flower sellers beside their serried stalls, blazing with variegated geraniums and many-coloured tulips which make the gorgeous flunkeys waiting for their mis- tresses, and flashing sunlight from their buttons, and the pewter pots,--the watermen has fetched them from the nearest public,--look dull and almost faded. Not even the most splendid John Thomas in all his glory is arrayed like one of these. There, too, nod the curly-edged bells of the hyacinth, and the daffodil dishevels its golden tresses. From the midst of its straggling spires the crocus, here goblet shaped, there opened like a star, burns in gold or blushes in amethyst. The alabaster bloom of the snowdrop, faintly streaked and tipped with green, trembles on its hair-like stalk, and primroses smile half pensively like captives in the slave-market, thinking of far-off home, but resigned, and striving to please their city masters. It somehow seems cruel to bring them into the smoke. "Where'er the green-winged linnet sings A primrose bloometh lone," that seems the place for the primrose, and in spite of the pleasure they give, here nestling in their leaves, or bound in bunches, carrying beauty and fragrance into sordid City lanes, and freshening the eye and heart in the turmoil of Cheapside. Violets in London excite a similar feeling. Here they are in hundreds, blue and white. Some ore ticketed "Crimean." It is a pathetic label, carrying one's thoughts to green mounds now violet covered on the thickly-tenanted' hill that looks on ruined Sebastopol. "Violets plucked the sweetest showers Can ne'er make grow again," and Love and Hope as sweet and sweetly wept lie as hopelessly buried there. The homely wallflower, homely yet most handsome, as rich in hue as in scent, loads the stalls and covers the ground; and beside it, its kinsman, the stock, shows its light, delicate China-like petals just peeping from the buds. The musk-plant puts forth the first downy leaves that will soon cascade over pots and boxes, foamed with gold. The long arm of the arum offers its golden stylus and ivory writing tablets. Bound up in massy bundles are lily-of-the- valley roots and Creeping Jenny, and in brown paper oblongs, the black seeds that, before the year is out, will have brightened scores of city rooms and suburban window-ledges, and tiny garden-plots, and grim brick walls, with countless forms of loveliness. It seems very strange that so much beauty should he sleeping in grains that look like small shot and blasting-powder. In the glazed conservatories above the Arcade there is a splendid gratis Flower Show all the year round, but its triumphs of florists' skill do not appear half so beautiful to me as the humbler flowers put out for sale in the open air in Spring. I am of Perdita's opinion, and like not the "------ art, which, in their piedness, shares With grent creating nature." All the old-fashioned flowers, to be sure, are not exactly the same as Nature first made them, but then they were improved from wildness many a long year ago, and generation after generation has seen them look as we see them. In old books we find their dear old familiar names--will poetry enshrine the alien crackjaw, polysyllabic titles which their fashion- able rivals bear? Nevertheless, it must be owned that these brilliant "Nature s bastards" look magnificent when grouped in lace-edged paper. That seems to be their "final cause"--to be clustered in bouquets for opera-box and salon. Then they seem more at home than when springing from black earth. When they wither in the gaslight, one does not grow sentimental as when a primrose or a violet pines away and dies in London. They have simply ful- filled their artificial destiny. One indication of the wealth of London is the number of these bouquets which male and female "swells" pur- chase daily in Covent Garden. It is curious to contrast the shapely limbs, the well cut, if not always very acute faces, and the costly garments of these flower-buyers, with the withered sticks of arms, the blurred features expressing nothing but bestial cunning, and the tattered-coalsack-like clothing of the young "Arabs" who dodge the beadle in Covent Garden, and make the wearers of purple and fine linen scowl and shrink, as if some insect vermin had invaded their scented chambers, as the pursued pariahs brush their sheeny skirts or plant muddy footprints on their arched, jet insteps. With all their faults, our English monks, at least, would have taken better care of these. I have forgotten the old boys in so long postponing the dietetics to the æsthetics of Covent Garden. If they could walk in flesh and blood the Arcade now, their old gourmet experience attaining to a very large somewhat of prophetic strain, would enable them, in their new circumstances, to make far wiser purchases than yonder yokel lover is making for his lady-love, or his mother-in-law that is to be. He has no notion of a stomache chord, but is buying right and left all the things that he knows least about, and which cost the most, irrespective of all other con- siderations. The sellers grin contemptuously as they receive his enigmatical orders, and pocket his superabundant cash. They are willing enough to take it, of course, but pecunious customers are too common with them to evoke, on that ground alone, their admiration. What they wonder at is, to see a fair command of money coupled with so little wit. Very different is the tone in which they address the old gentle- man, whose clothes seem both never to have been new and yet fated never to grow shabby, and whose face, angular and yet ruddily succulent, makes you think of a biscuit sopped in wine, who has come from his snug chambers to choose his own dessert, although he does not spend a tithe of the countryman's outlay. They like to sell to those who can appreciate. They would enjoy selling to our resuscitated monks. Of course, they would smile at the Rip Van Winkle ele- ment in their novel customers, but it would be the brotherly encouraging smile with which the veteran cricketer greets the well meant blunder of a "colt" who plainly has the root of the matter in him. The worthy brethren might make but a poor fist of the Analogy of Religion in the pulpit of the neighbouring church, but that they were well up in another butler's analogy would be acknowledged in the Arcade. I sometimes wonder by-the- bye whether it is good policy for our modern English Catholic priests to affect a Lenten aspect so generally as they do. The late Cardinal didn't. The popular English mind is apt to associate good feeding with sound faith, and to shun, as dangerous--at any rate, as uncomfortable-- teachers, men of "a lean and hungry look." A deveticulo repetatur tabula. Throughout the year, in the early morning, the square of Covent Garden is a crammed cornucopia. Through rain and sleet and snow and frost and fog, when the fresh summer sun- light makes an Italian picture of the colonnaded square, and when the flaring gas lights up the raw fingers and sour faces of waiting porters and por- tresses, almost indistinguishable by garb, the vegetable produce of suburban market gardens, rented far more dearly, and even cultivated more "highly," than any Lothian farm; of the country many a mile away; and of Iands beyond the sea, converges to Covent Gar- den, by rail and railway van, and market-waggon, which begins its grinding journey when its owner's neighbours are just in the depth of the enjoyment of their first sleep. The bedroom window rattles, the slumberer turns and grumbles, but, as the heavily laden wain groans past, buries his head in the pillow again with the pleasant consciousness that the clock will have to tell some half dozen hours more before he need be astir. Coming from Euston- square Terminus early one bright May morning, my cab was stopped in Bow-street by a perfect block of rhubarb waggons. The air was acid with the scent of the ruddy stalks. Myriads of dew drops ran about like quicksilver on the broad green leaves. I dreamt that night that the whole world had gone, as the printers say, to pie, and that I was dashed through its crust beneath a shower of sixpences. What a huge, lazy locust London seems, when we think of the prairies of green meat that are brought for it to devour, to this market alone, in the course of the year. The imagination is suffocated in the hotch- potch, smothered in the salad, of artichokes, asparagus, beans, beet, brocoli, Brussels sprouts, cabbages, and cauliflowers, cardoons, carrots, cresses, cucumbers, fennel, garlic, kale, leeks, lettuces, marjoram, marrows, mint, mushrooms, mustard, onions, parsley, parsnips, peas, potatoes, radishes, sage, savoys, shalots, spinach, thyme, tomatos, truffles, turnips, and turnip-tops. But Covent Garden's speciality is not so much this seasonable abundance as the unseasonable times at which it provides vege- table dainties--green peas at a good deal more a pint than they sell for a peck a few weeks afterwards; little round baskets of tiny new potatoes; and faggots of asparagus, punnets of mushrooms, Jerusalem arti- chokes, and cucumbers, as long and thick and straight as a policeman's staff, at Christmas time. The liking for forced vegetables is not a very amiable one when you come to analyse it--the pleasure consists in feeling that you have got what others are unable to get; for "the prickly and green-coated gourd," for instance, "when rare so coveted," is often not nearly "so grateful to the palate" really then as when it lies upon a Shoreditch or a New Cut street stall, \------- "base and disesteem'd,-- Food for the vulgar merely." Forced rhubarb, again, though it looks very pretty, tastes like mud in comparison with the big bundles the costermongers and their "barkers" hawk about with the cry of "Bub-rubub-three 'a' pence a bun-dell." However, it won't do to pursue this line of thought too far, or we should find that a great many of our pleasures, besides those of the palate, are not so much pleasant per se as flavoured with a sense of exclusive superiority. A truce to moralising. Wordsworth's heart used to leap up when he beheld a rainbow in the sky; mine displays the same ecstatic agility when I look upon Covent Garden's fruit show. So was it when I was a boy, and although Time has splashed some of his whitewash on my head in waving his brush in preparation for his doleful up and down strokes, I retain to this day the feeling that I had then--a long- ing to be turned loose in the Arcade and its purlieus, with unlimited tick or boundless pocket-money. Surely the bells that said "oranges and lemons" ought to have been given to Covent Garden's St. Paul's, rather than to St. Clement's. Oranges and lemons Covent Garden has galore, in pot- bellied boxes, or piled up in little pyramids like miniature, golden, cannon- balls; tiny Tangier oranges, not bigger than schoolboys' "bonsers," in round baskets; and Maltese blood oranges, with specimens cut in sunder to show the rubiness of their section. And beside the bright gold of the orange and the pale gold of the lemon, is the duller, paler gold of the bigger "forbidden fruit," which, when I was a schoolboy, tempted me with Evish, almost thievish, trials of rectitude. And then the grapes, bloomily black and purple, or translucently green and golden, how they make the mouth water for the chance of watering with them! The downy, rosy peaches, too, and nectarines, and apricots as sunny in look as in name! Up the Hunter we used to have huge, piled up basketfuls of grapes for breakfast day after day throughout the season, and dozens of peaches have I pitched there down the gaping throat of a Chinese sow; but I have not lost my old reverence for Covent Garden grapes and peaches. Their price makes them so highly respectable. Rock melons and water melons also I once thought very common- place refreshments, but I still look worshipfully at the costly little fellows, mottled like a bird's breast, which represent the melon clan in Covent Garden. Our soldiers, I have read, in some parts of the world use pine-apples for sword-cleaners. I never lived in regions so tropical and, therefore, preserved, with- out the slightest sully on its freshness, my boyhood's veneration for the big, British pines exposed in wooden structures that give them the look of hourglass bulbs \--more precious pines, it must be owned, maugre what I have already said about forcing, to palate as well as pocket, than the small, prematurely-gathered West Indian ones, whose pale, stiff crests and light, rough bronze bodies are grouped in the Arcade win- dows with mammoth yellow pumpkins, artichoke heads that look like unripe pines, soiled kid-glove-like mushrooms, baskets ot sea kale, ruddy tomatos, muddily-red bottles of tomato sauce, and black bottles of catsup warranted not to be made in Bermondsey out of putrid pig's liver. After all, however is the best pine more delicious than our English strawberry? I think not, agreeing with old Fuller in his belief that the Creator could, of course, have made a better fruit than it, "but certainly he never did." And of strawberries, in baskets, and the cornucopiæ which mortals calls pottle, Covent Garden, in season and out of season, too, his a show of which it is hard to say whether it most pleases eye, or nose, or mouth, so well matched are the beauty and the fragrance and the flavour of its plump, juicy, white- and-red-satin pincushions. Gooseberries, green, golden, red, smooth as Jacob or hairy as Esau, bursting with fatness or setting one's teeth on edge with the thought of their infan- tine crudeness; the red and yellow becchines of the raspberry; mulberries that bleed with plethoric richness; currants white, red, and black--some of the last bigger than a good many al-fresco-grown English grapes; cherries, boxed in the time of their scarcity like prunes, or piled in the time of their plenty in heaps that crush the blood out of the lower strata like a panic- stricken crowd; cool figs and quinces; the fatally pleasant family of plums, green- gages, burraces, and damsons; hectic-flushed American apples, heartier looking English codlins, jennettings, nonpareils, rennets, russets, pippins, and biffins; bergamot pears, jargonelle pears, Catherines, bons-chretiens, charmontelles, "swan's eggs," and "green chisels" that could open a locked jaw; medlars, almonds, shaggily hasked cocoa-nuts, and all kinds of other nuts --dull brown, gleaming like polished mahogany, wrinkled like monkeys' faces, hided like rhinoceroses, or shrouded in dusty green-tuned grey-- heaped up in magnified tool baskets: even these do not complete the catalogue of Pomona's gifts to Covent Garden. And, in addition to its other un- named fruits, it has honey, too and the honeycomb. If he could but buy without money, or eat without price, there, what a little heaven below it would be to the schoolboy. The young Arabs attempt to obtain this gratis usufruct, but it is a fearful joy and meagre fruits they snatch. Raro antecedentem scelestum Deseruit pede pœna claudo. The beadle may be heavy-footed, but he is heavy- handed, too; but sooner or later he is down on the young rascals. How they must envy the silkworms tranquilly munching their mulberry-leaves in their trays, and the gold-fish gliding about, without any Jack-in-office after them, in the aquaria. 