THE MONTH'S NEWS. [FROM OUR LONDON CORRESPONDENT.] LONDON-, 26th February, 1863. THE promptitude with which Parliament responded to the appeal of Government to suspend the Habeas Corpus Act in Ireland affords conclusive evidence of a deep rooted conviction that the 1 small conspiracy) had attained to that state of development which called for the adoption of the most decisive and energetic measures to effect its suppression AA within the short space of twelve hours did Parliament pass through all its stages a bill which deprives five or six millions of people of certain rights and privileges which, under the British Constitution are considered unalienable The suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act invests the Government with a power which at all times is absolute in its operations, and direful in its effects, if wrongfully) exercised No man in Ireland is now safe from arrest for a single moment if the slightest sus person rests upon a man, the authorities have the power to take him into custody, and to keep him in durance during the indefinite period of ' Her Majesty's pleasure, between this and the 1st of March 1867 Diet the necessity existed for the adop- tion of extreme measures, no one conversant with the present state of Ireland will be disposed to deny abusing the liberty which they enjoy under British rule, foreign emissaries have for months past been busy instilling into the minds of the Queen's Irish subjects treasonable actions, and inciting them to acts of rebellion It is to entrap these foreign conspirators and to prevent further mischief arising out of their intrigues, that the Government applied to Parliament for such extraordinary powers as those are old and in the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act 1 crimson, the monster against which the full strength and majesty) of British law is at the present moment being directed, is American born The intelligent and religious portion of the Irish people remain, amid all the incitements to rebel, unshaken in their lo) alto Fenianism dent as the whole of its inspiration and the bulk of its support from across the Atlantic In every "work the Government of the Irish Republic has its seat, and in the same city the Parliament of the bush people meet to deliberate and to legislate upon Irish affairs In New "York are published Teman organs, which scatter treason wholesale When once the Transatlantic element is eliminated from the Fenian conspiracy, ove are persuaded that little will remain which the authorities are unable to deal with by the ordinary processes of the law. The immediate effects of the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act over the skedaddled of American Fenians) shoals and the unceremonious arrest of numbers who remained behind In Dublin the suspension of the Act produced the greatest satisfaction, and a feeling of confidence is being restored throughout the island Die ghost of an Irish Republic has we think, been effectually laid the existing landowners have no longer before them the prospect of being drive i as fugitives from their homes, and of seeing their estates divided among the victorious rebels Apart from American sympathy and support, 1 unionism could not exist in Ireland for a single day, adheres reason to hope that with the Federal sympathisers or ill depart the last vestiges of that revolutionary organisation which has for so long a time endangered the peace and stability of the kingdom In the House of Commons but six members were found to oppose the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act and these included Mr. John Bright and Mr. J. S. Mill Mr Roebuck and Air Horsman-the Free Lances of the House-wercoero herd on Mr Bright, the member for Stroud describing him as 1 1 all out of the world alone vnlfnenlofe ely country both own On Thursday night the Commons conferred a well deserved tribute to the memory of the late Premier A monument to Lord Pi alteration in A\ Westminster Abbey) was pro aged other ills b) Mr Gladstone and voted unanimously by the House This is an honour which has rarely been accorded to other than winners Chatham, Put, Perceval and Peel having proved the exceptions As Mr Gladstone truly said, it was those personal qualities which in I -in! Palmerston so signally) rained the support and affection of all ranks and it would be an entire mistake to suppose that that attachment was limited to any class, to any party, or to any portion of her MarcH) s subjec s In all ranks alike his character an 1 services were favourably and warmly appreciated I believe in a higher decree and for a longer period than those of any other civil servant of the Crown All we who knew him, knew his genial temper and the courage with which he en creek into debate, his incomparable tact and ingenuity his command of fence, his delight-his old English delight-in a fair stand up fight On the same evening, the House of Commons voted an annuity of JCOOOO and a dowry of £30 000 to the Pan ctss Helena, and an annuity of 1200 to Prince Alfred The mention of these money matters reminds us that Sir Charles Phipps, Keeper of her Majesty's Privy Purse died suddenly on Saturday In consequence, the Queen's Courts have been postponed Parliament has been expeditious in legislating on the subject of the cattle plague The Government bill ov as brought in on Monday fortnight and it re echoed the Royal assent last Tuesday) having under gone only slight discussion in the House of Lords it had previously however as we anticipated, been modified in some important particulars during its passage through the Commons Mr Hunt having, carried against Government be a large majority his amendment in favour of stringent regulations with regard to the movement of cattle instead of the latitude which the Government proposed to leave to the local autho- nues (which would inevitably have resulted in as great eliveiMt) of action as existed before it was arranged that that part of the question should be dealt with separately, and Mr that a Bill on the subject is now rapidly approaching enactment W hen it passes the local authorities will have a complete code of regulations, hunting their discretion to clearly defined cases The general effect will be to establish a system of dead meat supply for all the large towns Imper ed cattle must be slaughtered within a short distance of the place of embarkation, and slaughtering houses will have to be provided for the purpose line will probably lead ultimately to a permanent quarantine for foreign cattle The principal alterations in the Government bill related to come sation The Government ci) suddenly, discovered that it had proposed to liberal a compensation for diseased beasts ramel), two thirds the of value of not more than £20 It was argued that the chance of recovery being very small two-thirds of the value of as too large a compensation and the pro- position is as reduced to one half and the maximum amount to £20 On the other hand the Government abandoned the poll tax on cattle so thitcittle owners will be relieved to that extent and compensation rate will be levied equally on producers and consumers In the debate on Mr C11) s Reform Bill many efforts were made to draw out the Government on the subject of their scheme but the Chancellor of the Exchequer declined to be pumped Air Clay's proposal as we have already described it is to amount to man hood suffrage qualified by) an educational test of no very severe order-' the three R s, m of it , reading writing, and arithmetic It is stated that the Cabinet have reconsidered the matter, and now intend to bring in a comprehensive measure, dealing with a re-distribution of seats as well as an extension of the suffrage. Another statement made on tolerably good authority is rather curious that the statistics collected by Government show that the working classes already constitute about one-fourth of the registered electors of England. \- Sir Charles Wood, ex-Minister for India, has been rewarded for nearly a quarter of a century of' official labour by a peerage of the second rank. He takes the title of " Viscount Halifax." The death is announced of the Earl of Donoughmore, who held office in Lord Derby's Government. Viscount Clifden, formerly well-known in the sporting world, is also deceased. The chief item in the way of Continent news is the closing of the Prussian Chamber by the King. The Prussian Sovereign seems to be treading in the footsteps of our Charles the First, but the people are hardly following in the wake of the English Parliamentarians of 1641. They seem to take matters easily enough, though it is fair to say that they have no Star Chamber to complain of It seems more and more evident that Schleswig-Holstein will ere long fall under Prussian rule The news that Peru has joined Chili in a declaration of war against Spain has been received with satisfaction here, and it is generally believed that the Spaniards in the Pacific have a mauvais quart disease in store for him, Saturday, February 3. The opening of the Parliamentary session makes London lively' and pens speculate. It will be rather slow work at first, as the MP's will take a long time shaking down, and will not have the courage to venture quickly into the arena, fling off their caps, and doff for the right. We do not agree with the remark that they are all courageous enough on the hustings, and it is only in the House of Commons that they tuck their tails under them and hang down their cars. At all the elections we have seen, the would-be members are woefully nervous, turning green, yellow, and red. They dress up very smartly for the most part, put a flower in their button-hole, and a new hat stuck jauntily on their head as they can manage on a first performance, and are shoved forward by their party to meet the foe. Happily a yell of disgust and a cheer of delight deprive the world of more than " Gentlemen," and the terror of the candidate is never heard, never felt, except by his immediate friends, who feel his knees shaking, and hear the chatter of his teeth. The reporters get the address given to them, so the beating weak, little heart escapes detection. This is the rule, and terror is the rule in the House of Commons. A new speaker is a rarity, the talk going on at the expense of the few and any one daring enough to open his mouth, except to emit " Yeah, yeah," is immediately met with the sight of a hundred glasses levelled at him eyeglasses ; but he is as timid about meeting them as though it were a hundred tumblers levelled at his head. Nervousness and diffidence, despite the make-up, are the ruling characteristics of the British 31. P. The report is that the ceremony of opening the House will be more shorn of parade and pomp than was anticipated from the semi-official statements which have been made with regard to the Lord Chancellor reading the speech, the laying the robes on the throne, the semi-state carriage, and so forth. We shall see, by-the-bye, the Duchess of "Wellington, still figuring as Mistress of the Robes, beside the Queen. Her Grace sent in her resigna- tion, but it has been declined. It was, doubtless, a mere form, to please Sir Robert Peel, on the occasion of his " retiring " from office. The Duchess, being connected with the Peel family, thought it but right to resent the "retiring." Sir Robert's account is that he wished to leave office, so that he might have his hands free- frf est, his mouth free, which means again to pitch into the party ; but if that pleasure is worth purchasing at the loss of cash and official position, is a question. Sir Robert's style is not a damaging one to others. It is after dinner like- satirical in a small degree, and makes the House laugh. That ' never pays. Even the bright and brilliant, the really witty Bernal Osborne, has learnt to his cost, that one loses dignity and weight by being witty, and setting the House in a roar, when the majority are forced to give the preference to- dul ness and heavy commonplaces, to truism, to vestry like platitudes, because that is the stock-in-trade which they possess in particular. Lord Palmerston was merry, but merry and wise. He always waited for the right moment to be witty and the others are constantly going off like fireworks, flinging an eternal blaze of sparks around them. The Conservatives, and some of the Whigs, will make a better stand against Reform. They will go upon statistics, which, thanks to Lord Elcho, we shall have this session, and not be playing at the pig- in-the-poke in the matter of Reform and like fools, rushing in where wise men dread to tread. We have our statistics, too, in a narrow compass, not in that tangled skein-of-silk like way in which Mr. Baines, Lord Stanley, and a few others, always produce them. " The Jamaica question is looking up for ex Governor Eyre, but looking down for the Government. It is curious to read the way in which the Morning Star correspondent elaborate and very ably, the matter of his voyage- the dancing, the flirtations, the dinners, and the farewell and speaks timidly and vaguely about the real fact which he has been sent out to report about. We pity him, if it goes against j his conscience, and he finds that the blacks have got just what they deserved, and Gordon, as the mover of the cat's paw and the incited to rebellion, though it could not be brought home to him, has had also no more than he deserved. The correspondent has shown great discretion and tact in breaking off, but the Times' reporter, Mr. Clifford, does not descend to the descriptive, but goes quickly into facts and opinions. The way in which he introduces the address to the i ex-Governor, and the sentiments it expresses, so hostile to those miserable demagogues at home, whose object is, for their own bad purposes, to stir up the bile of the disaffected both at home and in Jamaica, must be pleasant for those whom the cap fats. It is strengthened further by the largely-signed letter to the Times, supporting the views, friendly to the ex Governor, of a former writer to that journal. The other daily papers must be in an unpleasant fix, about being thus forestalled with information. -Some further seizure of pikes and fire arms was made in Dublin on Thursday. Reinforcements have been sent to Ireland during the week, and the Lord Lieutenant declared at the Lord Mayor's banquet, on Tuesday night, that although the Fenian movement was powerless to endanger the security of the Government, it had sufficient strength to inflict injury upon the country, and would therefore be put down, but without " passion, prejudice, or alarm." A fancy fair and bazaar, and a concert, which were announced to be held in aid of the State prisoners, have been prohibited by the authorities The Cattle Plague Returns for the week ending January 20th show an increase in the numbers of cases over any previous week. In some parts the disease continues to spread, while in others it is dying out. in the metropolitan district there were twenty-one cases last week against thirty- eight and sixty-seven in the two previous weeks. The North Midland counties show a decrease of 123, the number of last week being 142. The returns for Yorkshire continued to be favourable. Last week 1314 cases occurred against 1500 in the previous week. Fewer cases have occurred in Scotland and Wales. In the North-Western counties the disease continues to spread with fearful malignity. There were 3708 cases reported last week against 20-15 in the week before. In the Northern counties the number is stated at 230 against 2in. The South Midland, the South Western, and West Midland, and several other counties show an increase of cases. The total number of beasts attacked since the commencement of the plague in 107,008. Of these 10,135 have been killed, 6;ï,005 have died, 11,831 have recovered, and there remain under treatment 15,27. Mr. Peabody, who lately gave the large sum of £150,000 to be applied in behalf of the London poor, has placed in the hands of the trustees of his fund an additional £100,000 for the same purpose. The total donation of Mr. Peabody thus reaches the munificent amount of a quarter of a million The suggestion for a Congress, for the purpose of arresting" the north-westward progress of the cholera, has at length been carried into practice. The latest news from Constantinople states that the nomination of the members has been completed, and that its construction will he entirely diplomatic, and that the Concerts is expected to meet shortly. n Saturday, February 10 Royal Speeches-at least in England are the proverbial type of little meaning hid amid many words, and of oracular utterances which really reveal nothing! In countries where the will of the sovereign mainly decides the course of national policy they are some" times plain enough, and sometimes cover well- formed plans under studiously ambiguous phrases ; but with us, where the popular voice reigns supreme, they mostly say nothing, simply because there is nothing to be said. Their utmost limit, besides stretching"- the past, which is pretty well known, is to state in what way ascertained wants will be met, and clearly ex pressed wishes carried out. If, however, there ever was a time when the speech which is conventionally assumed to he the Queen's, might reasonably have been expected to have been free from the custom mary; platitudes and to rise with something like dignity of thought and expression, it was last Tuca- I day. Her Majesty then, after a long seclusion from public life, once more appeared in her official capacity to open a new Parliament which had matters of the gravest importance awaiting its attention ; the speech delivered under such circumstances can hardly be said to have been equal to an occasion which might well have fired the coldest heart and stirred the most cautious intellect. Its language is singularly bold, and though important announcements are made, this is done in the firing and curtcst fashion, so that the whole reads like a succession of those summary paragraphs in which newspapers give for busy or lazy readers a bird's eye view of what is going on. The state of our foreign relations is happily such as to suggest nothing but the language of con- gratulation and hope. We are on good terms with all the world. The meeting of the French and English is, of course, referred to as a proof of the friendship existing between the two countries, and of their readiness to act in concert, not as aggressors, but to promote peace. It is very satisfactory to know that Spain has accepted our good offices in its quarrel with Chili Satisfaction is expressed in the speech at the close of the civil war in America, and especially are the American people congratulated on the aboli- tion of slavery. And in connection with this, it is mentioned that the exertions of our naval squadron on the West coast of Africa have almost annihilated the slave trade. The renewal of diplomatic relations with Brazil, the satisfactory termination of the long pending negotiations with Japan, and the conclusion of a commercial treaty with Austria, complete a picture in which all the tints are bright. Two other subjects Fenianism and the Jamaica insurrection suggest darker scenes, and call up less agreeable images. No parts of the Royal Speech have been perused with greater anxiety and expectation than those which refer to reform and the cattle plague. On neither is anything said, except that something will be done. What we wanted to know was the sort of parliamentary reform which Ministers intend to present, and this was just what the Speech failed to tell us. In fact, Earl Russell and his colleagues don't know their own mind, and are waiting for statistics. The two nights' debates in both Houses, following the reading of the Speech, serve only to show that, although reform may be a convenient cry for the Liberals on the hustings, it occupies a very small portion of the thoughts of Parliament. The discussion on Tuesday almost exclusively turned on the Cattle Plague. On the latter question, it is generally confessed that the defence of Government is incomplete. Its policy has been hesitating, vacillating and perplexing. The poor farmer, who has had to sustain all the loss, has been compelled to grope for safety as best he may. The varying and often contradictory orders have left him not only helpless, but have brought punishment on him when his simple desire was to do right. Unless, therefore, the measure which is announced to be brought forward next Monday proves to be a clear, sensible, and straightforward one, it may very probably happen that the Government which has pledged itself to stand or fall upon a reform bill upon which it has not yet decided will suffer its first defeat upon a question which never fourni mention upon the hustings last Midsummer. Speak- ing of Parliamentary matters, the Irish peerage has lost two of its members within the week in the Earls of Milltown and Clonmel. Sir Charles Wood has resigned his post of Secretary for India, and has been succeeded by Earl De Grey, whose place at the War Office will be taken by the Marquis of Hartington. Lord Dufferin will be transferred from the office of Under-Secretary for India to that of Under-Secretary for War, and Mr. Stansfeld will again join the Ministry as his lord- ship's successor at the former post. The appointment of Mr. Monsell to the Vice-Presidency of the Board of Trade completes the Russell Ministry An influential deputation waited upon the Chancellor of the Exchequer, on Wednesday, to urge the repeal of the Malt Tax. Mr. Gladstone, however, held out no hopes, but intimated pretty plainly his opinion that the Income Tax had a prior claim.-" W. D. B." writes to the Time as an amusing description of " The Rush to the Bar " of the House of Lords, on Tuesday, to hear the Queen's Speech read. The members of the House of Commons certainly seem to be quite as disorderly as any mob, when they get out of their peculiar domain. The same crushing, squeezing, and knocking were exhibited by right honorable members as by the lowest crowd of any great city. One hon. member is said to have been thrown down, and " W. D. B." says he believes the "House" walked over him." The Chancellor of the Exchequer was so maltreated that he retired from the contest, and was seen wending his way back to the Lower House mournfully moralising on the nature of the unruly assembly of which he is the leather. And when the Commons did get to the bar not a word of the Speech could be heard. " AY. D. B. was in front, where he says he was obliged to exercise the whole muscular power he possessed to avoid being crushed flat by the pressure from behind, and could not, owing to the "jostling, struggling, exclamations, imprecations, and laughter of those behind, " hear a word of it. A pretty picture this of the most orderly popular assembly in the world The police continue to make seizures of arms in various parts of Ireland though chiefly in Dublin-but a more important significant seizure is reported by the Clonmel Chronicle to have taken place at Carrick the other day. This was the arrest of a colour-sergeant of the 63rd Regiment, who is said to be a relative of Stephens, and along with him three men of the same regiment. There were also seized some casks of powder at the railway station, and several civilians had been arrested. It is to be hoped an example will be made of these military conspirators. -The Di each between the Prussian Parliament and Crown continues to be gradually widened. The latter has attempted to add to its present power by prosecuting the members of the Chamber of Deputies for remarks made by them in their speeches. Had the Crown, been successful in this policy, it is easy to see that it would have placed the Parliament completely within its power. The experiment was made on two members, named Smesten and Frenzel. On Friday, the Progress party resolved to bring forward a protest in the Chamber of Deputies in reference to the decision of the Supreme Court of the 29th of January (which had acceded to the demand of the Public Prosecutor to initiate proceedings against the above, mentioned members) The protest was to the effect that the demand for such prosecution was an excess of authority, and that the Supreme Court had assailed the rights of the Chambers. The Chamber of Deputies, therefore, protested against such encroachments, and against the illegality of prosecuting members on account of speeches delivered in the Chambers. This protest was moved on Saturday, and a debate followed, when it was decided that the Minister of Justice should be requested to be present at its further discussion. On the same day, after a bill had been brought in for the grant of extraordinary supplies on account of naval estimates, the Chamber of Deputies asserted their importance by contending that the annexation of Lauenburg to the Prussian Crown was illegal until it had received the sanction of the Chamber. Jet. Bismark, in reply, stated there was no necessity for submitting the question to the Chamber at all. On being put, the original motion was carried by 2.51 votes against 44, thus giving the Parliament a decisive victory, as well as expressing public opinion on this important and constitutional subject, - The Spanish Government is at last awakened to the sense of the danger pressing upon it, and has determined to issue letters of marque against Chilian vessels. The financial difficulties are becoming very pressing, and various schemes are being concocted for temporarily removing them. The Minister of Finance has just presented to the Congress a bill assigning one hundred, and ten millions of years to the Bank of Deposits. This sum has been obtained by the sale of the public domains, or Crown estates. A but is about to be introduced for the liquidation of the public debt. When the address, in reply to the Speech from the Throne, was read, an amendment was proposed lamenting the financial difficulties of the kingdom, which are increasing day by day, and ruining both agriculture and manufacture. As it is impossible to raise more taxes, it was proposed to leave the expenditure to the amount of three hundred millions of years, in order that the present damages may be averted, and Spanish credit restored Disturbance have again broken out in Syria. Three thousand Turkish troops disembarked at Beyrout on the 23rd of last month, a detachment of which was sent against the village of Zaghorta, which was burnt. ° Saturday, February 17. Government has lost no time in fulfilling the promise made in the Queen's Speech to call the attention of Parliament to the expediency of amending the law, with a view of the ridding the nation of that terrible scourge, the Cattle Plague. On Monday the Home Secretary introduced into the House of Commons a bill with that object. In framing the bill Government has had a difficult task to perform. Conflicting opinions had to be reconciled, opposing interests had to be dealt with, with promptness and impartiality, and such an amendment of the law had to be devised as would secure at once the confidence of Parliament, and be acceptable to the country at large. The operations of the measure will of course be of a preventive rather than of a curative character. The bill may be said to apply chiefly to infected districts and to cattle t already stricken by the plague. In the absence of any specific for the cure of the disease resort his been had by some persons to the st wiping out system, which area is. a free use of the pole JJ , or slaughter not only of the annual affected by the disease, but of all trout in contact with him but the Government bill does not go to this extreme Under its provisions the local authorities-the ^ water be 6Sions in counties and the Major or Town Coun his in boroughs will be required imperatively and without discretion to have slaughtered all affected cattle, but with respect to animals not affected, although in contact with those diseased, the bill does not make it imperative that they should be slaughtered In such cases, the local authorities are to be influenced in their decisions by the circumstances of the hour The stringency of the measures adopted are to be regulated by the magnitude of the evils to be combated If there is great danger of the disease spreading, the authorities will have the power under the new Act to order the slaughter of all cattle, whether diseased or not, that may have been exposed to the infection As the system of wholesale slaughter, irrespective of the wishes of the owners of cattle, would entail upon individuals considerable loss for the benefit of the community, it is proposed that compensation for all such compulsory slaughter be paid out of the county or local rates With regard to the removal of cattle, the House on Thursday adopted the amendment of Mr Hunt (the author of a Supplementary Cattle plague hill), stopping from the 25th of March all movement of cattle throughout the kingdom, whether by road or railway, and for no greater distance than. 200 yards on the same farm, except in the case of cattle to be taken to the slaughter houses to be provided for each district Parliament finds the work of legislation in reference to the cattle plague considerably facilitated by the appearance of the second report of the Royal Commissioners, who have arrived at the conclusion that the only means of battling with, the disease is the complete isolation of healthy cattle and the slaughter of those affected The Commissioners are of opinion that no efficacious remedy for the disease has yet been discovered, and with regard to vaccination they say it is not preven- tive, although inoculation may have a protective influence The Commissioners evidently knows no more of the origin of the disease than they do of its nature. Like the public, they are clear upon one point only viz that the disease is dreadfully infectious and fatal in its operations, and that at present the only effective mode of staying its ravages is by slaughter and isola- tion By the way, Mr John Stuart Mill made his debut in the House on Wednesday speaking in support of Mr Bright's views on the Cattle Plague Bill. Mr Mills speech was generally voted a failure In the intends of talk about reform and rinderpest, the then gilts of politicians are occupied with the disagree- able question what is to be done with Fenianism s Forty State trials, under the Treason Felony Act, ending in almost every case in convictions, followed by sentences varying from two to twenty years penal servitude, have clearly produced no effect of the kind intended upon the infatuated dupes of the conspiracy. Iht uniform tone of defiance held by the prisoners at the bar has undoubtedly been calculated to keep alive feelings of confidence and hope in the multitude, and the fact that the reward of £2500 has for many weeks been ineffectually offered for the betrayal of Stephens to the police, is too significant to be mis- taken Sanguinary -vengeance has already been dealt on one of the informers by whose testimony the recent convictions were obtained In various places, concealed arms and ammunition have been discovered, and the information in the hands of the Government has been deemed of sufficient importance to induce Lord "W odehou«e to proclaim one third of the counties of Ireland under the exceptional statute applicable to that country The last act of the Government has been to call for the suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act in Ireland, and both Houses of Parliament have extended their sittings to to day (Saturday) to debate the proposition There can be no doubt that an outbreak is imminent -One of the first acts of the session has been to do away with that portion of the oath of allegiance taken by members having reference to Princes and to Popes The feeling of the nation, generally, is that there should be no distinction, because of religion, in political or civil rights -Her Majesty has granted a pension of £300 a year to Lady Eastlake It is to be hoped, however, that this grant will not be taken from the poor £1200, which is all that is directed every year to bestowing pensions on literary men, artists, c , needing and deserving State reward in this country The widow of courtly Sir Charles Eastlake does not need a pension as many do Lord Kingsdown, formerly Mr Pemberton I eigh, has, on account of the increasing infirmities of age, determined to retire from active participation in the duties of the judicial committee of Privy Council, where his presence will be much missed Bom in 1 93 called to the Bar in 1876, Mr Pemberton went into Parliament in 1861, took the estates and name of his mother's family, I eigh, in 1843 was made Attor- ney General to the Prince of Wales, and after that Lord Chancellor to his Royal Highness was, in 1852, offered the Seals by Lord Derby and in 1858 was elevated to the peerage as Lord Kingsdown The Admiralty have, rather arbitrarily, dismissed Captain Coles, the inventor of the turret iron class, for writing a letter to a London newspaper, attacking Mr Reed Mr Reed is the chief naval architect in the employ of the Admiralty, and probably felt some jealousy of Captain Coles, and his invention The latter has frequently complained that he was not allowed a fair opportunity of proving the value of the turret system of armament by having a ship built on the principle, and as long as he confined himself to that point, he was allowed to indulge very freely in newspaper correspondence Finding he made no impression on his superiors, he began to abuse his rivals, and charged them with w asking the public money on useless experiments, while they were "backing the plan which, as he supposed, he had been specially engaged to superintend His dismissal on this ground can be justified by the rules of the service, but whether the Admiralty can justify their treatment of the Captain with regard to his invention, is another question, which, no doubt, we shall soon hear of af am in Parliament -Mr Walker, the jeweller of Cornhill, whose premises were robbed of six thousand pounds worth of jewellery, a twelvemonth since, has brought an action against Mr Milner, the well known sailmaker, to recover damages for breach of warranty, with reference to a safe, which had been guaranteed thief proof, but had been broken open by burglars. The action is one of no small importance to the commercial world, and its details were rendered interesting by the evidence of one of the burglars, who was called to state how the safe was opened and the time it took to do it viz , about thirty minutes, stopping at intervals as they heard the tramp of the policeman on his beat Eminent engineers also proved that the safe could be opened by the instruments used by the burglars The plaintiff claimed about £2500, but was ultimately nonsuited-An action for libel, tried the other day in London, disclosed a vicious practice which it appears has been pursued for some years by the musical critics of the morning papers, the Post and Standard, of giving concerts at which they obtain the gratuitous services of distinguished vocalists and performers A musical paper, the Orchestra, had designated this as " levying black mail on artists, and openly charged the standard critic a Air Desmond Ryan, with, being influenced by corrupt motives in the discharge of his duties It failed to sustain this allegation, and the jury mulcted the proprietor m 12 30 damages In the course of the case it transpired that the plaintiff once wrote beforehand a most elaborate and eulogistic notice of a performance at the opera, which was duly published, and the paper of the same day announced that the performance had been unavoidably postponed owing to the sudden illness of the prima donna A STRANGE SCENE vi v MVIUIIAOE -The Gazette of 1 Penna says that, according to an old custom at Jews marriages m custom, there exists a ceremony of showing to the assembled friends all the wedding gifts, with the names of the various donors A wedding has lately taken place at Vienna, bets eeh a w wealthy Jew and Jewess, and, agreeably to custom the various bride presents and gifts were exhibited' among which was a large number of papers securely sealed, bearing on the outside the following inscrip- tion -" Enclosed is the tender correspondence between your young wife and the actor W S It was signed, Your sincere friend . On the examination of its contents it may easily be imagined the unpleasant effect it had on the bridegroom, bride, and friends, The party was consequently soon brought to a finish, and endless trouble commenced with the honeymoon It is positively asserted that the day following his marriage the bridegroom gave instructions for a divorce from his new bride Birt it is doubted if he can obtain it by the Austrian law for the specified act The consumption of wines in the United kingdom, according to the returns of last year, reached a million gallons per month which is just double what was before the reduction of duties A young man, named Harding, was sentenced to twenty years' penal servitude, at the Central Criminal Court, for having attempted to strangle his illegitimate child. he 