? Tp any confidence could bo placed in the present coalition Ministry, there would be good hopes of Responsible Government being fairly tested. As a theoretical otatesman Mr. -Paiikes has, perhaps, no equal in our present Parliamout, but we hiivo Often found th.'ifc he \v)m xvnnlA A'm.nt «lm i.«l™ ****** v.iww ..u iiiiu IIUUKI liltCUd LIIU JiCtU ? of the State in theory, was found to be helpless as a child when the wheel was placed practically under his control. On tho other ha ml, we have often found a man who had failed in the profes sion.for which he had been educated, become a statesman of the first order when lie adopted . politics as a last resource. Wo have, however, no more right to assume that, practically, Mr .Pabkes will be found wanting as a Colonial Secretary, because he has not hitherto been tried, any more than Mr. Pakkes had to assume that Mr. Bubdejcin was incompetent, because untried, for the position of Colonial Treasurer. The problem will be solved in a few months, 5f the ?constituency of Kiama should confirm his accep tance of office. Although we have a coalition Ministry, and their unity is alleged to ho osten sibly for the public goad, yet those who are more intimately acquainted with the composition of the ? present Assembly know very well that it was of bo undecided a character that Mr. Maetin had no alternative hut to adopt the course lie has in selecting Mr. Paukf.s and Mr. Byhne as his colleagues. It is, with a view only to quieten their consciences, essential that some of these newly-appointed Ministers should say that things had come to such a pass that party distinction had been entirely obliterated. But however the matter may be glossed over, there yet, as distinct aa ever, remain two distinct parties. The sacri fices which Mr. PaeiCes must ultimately nialrc to Mr. Martin will destroy all his previous political auservations. And before Mr. Martin .. can legislate on general questions, in unanimity with Mr. Pahkes, he will have to renounce doctrines which he has almost awoin never to abandon. Tho effort to unite may be conscien tious, but the basis of the coalition is mere sand. ,- It augurs ill to begin with for an administration that deemed it ndvisable to dispense with a col 1 league like Mr Fojisfek, whose liberal programme must and will commend itself to the minds of those who pay any attention to the movements of Government. Fortunately for this coalition, they liavo been left by their predecessors in such a financial position that the rock on which they must ultimately split has been removed tome ? distance from them. So soon, however, as their first scheme i3 produced, so sure will they fall. It is rumored that Mr. Eagar, if returned, in tends to abolish tho Package Duty and Stamp Act, probably because ho can seo sonic thing to be gained in a higher, per cent, ad valorem. If these sources of revenue arc to bo dispensed with, from what other quarter does he expeot it ? Are we to have what tho whole country is loudly crying for, retrenchment in our police and other depart monts ? Or, aro our roads to bo neglected fur a couple of years in order that tho £200,000 voted for thorn annually may bo saved 'I One means of curtailing the expenditure may he aceeptible, but the other will require somo dulibcratiou. It may bo attempted to be ihrust down the throats of tho people that personal views and personal considerations must bo sacrificed by those who now form the Cabinet ; but some strong practical proof will have to be given before tl|o people can 1)0 made to believe it, It is not likely that either Mr. Maiitjn or Mr. Parkks will surrender mush to each other. To bo just, Mr. M-vhtik i3 about the mo3t consistent member in Parliament. ][e Las long since proolaimcd himself a protoc ioniat, and through good and evil report 1ms stuck to this, text as be does now. Mr. Paiuces once avowed himself strongly in favor of protection ; bat his views have since become morn in favor ol free trade principles. ItSis little uso for either to be tampering with half mea-mres on questions of this kind. They must bo either one or the other. But if these gentlemen make a merit of the personal siacriGces which they fed called upon to make as patriots for the benefit -;f the countiy, what merit can they accord to Mr C'owi'eh who, for similar reasons, and against bis »vow-:d pro fessions, ha reluctantly, aud siep by step, sur- j rendered principle after principle, not that be might gain honor, but that he might avert the danger into which the colony had been financially placed to a considerably extent by tho previous Martin Administration. When the people have lime to reflect on the events of the last sis or eight months, it will bo found that no man in this colony ever surrendered so much of his political creed purely to meet tho necessities of the State. But a coalition had to be formed by Mr. Martin, not exactly that the time had come when personal views must be sunk, but simply ? because he could not form an Administration among his former colleagues that would have re tained for a month the confidence of Parliament. Still less could Mr. Pahkes have formed an Administration. If each of thv. present Cabiuet should bo re-elected, it is evident that at least for many months Government v/ill go on smooth enough, since Mr. Cova-ER has lefi them with a Treasury chest comparatively filled, and the mode of taxation has been decided by Parliament for sometime to corns. Whatever may be their policy in other respects, whether as resrarda the wastelands, retrenchment, or State- aid, or trien nial Parliaments, or extended municipalities, that which can only fairly test them will be their mode of taxation. Wo shall then see how many ' principles ' they will sacrifice before they give up the ghost. 