T1IlE NEWS BY T.flB 1 BOMBAY. (From oar corrpo,,ldenrl.) i, PA\lts, May 20th. Tro.: montlh of May, 18(66, will long reomin gravon on iho memory of the political men uind stock-jobbors of the day. In tho first plncao, afteor a sorieos of ultimatums, moro or oss alarlling, we now havo a coInLparativO calmn in E]uropa. Thie press is also silent. Theo oyos of Flranc havo long boon anxiously turned towards tho Titilories, nas ovorything sooms to dopond upon tho mysat.orios boing at .tho haond of Itho stat. It is someo comfort to know from what ]tr. Ioulhor, tho ininistor, ilnformod the logisnlativo body thant thu policy of Franco would no doubt o oentireoly Ipacific, observing a sricot noutrality, rosorving its frEoodom of iaction. If Italy woro to atllack Aullstria it must tako the conscqllouncso, as it could in no wny bo countonanced by thlo Emporor in so doing. Theo spooch of tho miniistor of stateo is, it -mrust bo said, very vagnuo, and the dreadful slato of our bourso, whoro pIublie socuritiOs of 0orry kindl havo fhllon to almost lnothing, shows thati tho lpublic ill gonloral is Jar frolm beoing froo fronl anxiety.. N ons. Thicrs' Sploech.-The ox-ministor of Louis Pliilippei, lwho is ailways at his inpost wheln an opportunity preolsonls itself to attnack the prosent dynasty, at the boginning of tho month took up tho alttention of theo logislativo bIody fir somo lhours in abusing Prussia iand Austria for Ilheoir conduct in tho Schleswig Tolstoin fWar. Italy anlsno cano in for its Sslhrei of allnue. It is woll known tlhat theo autlllhlor of thuo Frenclt iovolult is an onelomny of l'ulita J/aliaua and ovorything that. ,. wishes to taklo an onward Imovonollt. loI cxpressod a hope that tho prosollt govern mollt would lnot leavo a stone ulntllurned ill ordor to provent a conflict botwon theo thlroo powonrs now at loggorhonds. Spooch of tho EImporor at Auxorro.-A spoCch of tho Eemporor in nnst\rer to th e ad dross lroll tho miayor of' Auxerro, luaees tis, wo rfar, littlo hoelo tlhat panco can ho mai tainod. Aftor thaking the populatlntions tLIIIhat calno to lily hOtugRO fur thieoir loyalty to his thoso, Ieto lol |1Itei(It hati being aItongst thonm, hlo felt as if hlo coulld blreatheo agnin (a nic contplinltollt tor tho goodl citizons oi' earis) ; and tioulnd up iby saying thort ho datoestdil tho troaties of 18"15. This latteor ilphraso is n slap at dlois. Thiors, who looks jupon the l naintonanco o' lho ahlid 'oa rties as indisponsable for theo \owelfaro ofEropo. Thlo demonstrations of tho corps logislatif in ?avour of peaco havo also booen ntythling but ploeasanit to thelo Eiipori-, who, theoro clun le littleo doubt, is not of the siitto way of think Sing as theo dioleltios of thlo clhatboer. Panic at the 3ourso.-The consequieOinco of the Etmporor's spooch at Aulxorro was a furtheor declitio of all fitunds nt the Pari Iiourso. In thiaot so groat Iihas bon tho fall that ovory kiind of soecuritioh fail to lind buyeors. A droatlful ornsh is foatoed; indi it is said that many of our stock-brlokors have boon obligol to lhavo recourso to tho reaimsse .uyulicale in ordor to mootl their oengagontents. It is now sanid tlhait ill nilldressillg the mtiayor of Atixoiro hli Mu'ijosty lositivoly neovor utterl oino word respoocting the sociil reoaitics, andl thelo good lnyor ullllst havro lcen no littleo surprliseod on the followlng iday on roetding in the olticiial lhMottitoulr it spiculch veory differoet front what hlo had hoard with is ia own onrs! lThe ay asfter tohe eDolivory of the Speech. -Napoleon's words--" I dtest tlheo treatics of 1815 "-woro gonorally lookod upon as a declaration of war by overy body in Paris. Evon the Emperor's ministers began to fool fldgetty. Ilons. Fould, the minister of finance, hastoned to t.eo Tailories the day after his snastor's roaturn froln Aullxorro, sand informeod hin that lho must throw up hIis portfolio, as ]ho slhould never ho able to set anothor loan going in cnso of a war break ing out. Porsons intimate with the Esm poror inform mo that his Majesty jokingly said to his minister of flnanco:-"'O, yo of littleo fiithi who said that my spooeech was to be the signal of war ? " Mons. Fould has consented to contiinue to manago the monoey nsatters of the country as long as peace is mnaintainood. There was also a report current that rmonsa. Rouhor, thie ministor of stato, wanted to imitato Moions. Fould's oxasmple, as Iheo con sidorod the Emperor's speeooch as giving theo lio to hIis assortions in tlheo chlamnbor that Franc would in no way oncourago its ally, Victor Emmannuol, in his warlike proponsi ties. nMons. Tlhiors anmd a wholo host of other moembors of the legislative body have not known what to be about since the 1Emporor's . spooeech at Auxorro. T'hie oex-ministor of Louis Phillippo anld hIis partisans, lwho only a fow days beforo extolled the treoatios of 1815, whichl according to their opinion are the safeoguard of Europoans peace, of course fool very uncomfortablo since the Empororor's soi[//lct (or box on the oar) wilth which their faces are still smnarting. As thlOey must quietly pockoet their mastor's alfronit, they areo sooeeking to vent their spito on one or two newspapers; and it was said that in their wrath they wanted to call soveral editors of ouir first Parisianu journals before the bar of the Itouso for suindry rather uncompli mnontary nrticles iupon them; but as these articles apploer to be promplted by a very oex alted per~sonago, they have comnlo it the con cluion that they hadi beltter leavo l ind dlone; say, s"oveoral of the omlmers of ithe Coris Logislalif iwho socreeod iat ouo timlo dislmossed to 151ko a siomewhlat indelpendent attilutdo hlavo turned tail, and uare hying to sneok away from the clique to which they lhad iim prudontlyv atlaclhed thlomsoelveos, as they find ^that the Jupitor of the Tuiileries is very dis piloasod at their wholo conduct since tlhe opening of the Chambers. Savoral Inolebors of a more indepolndent spirit still continuo to growl, and shlould they mansifest iany ilmton tion of showing their tooth, I have no doubt that the masstor will mako good use of the whip anld dissolvo the leogislatiOve body. This discord betwoeon thie oexecutive and legislative powers rosals purely on a misun derstanding. Our deputies evidoently thought they woro intorproting the wishes of the country in protesting against overy kinid of idea savouring of powder and shot. Mons. Rouher's speeooch, whilst it gave tie assuranco that tohe Freonchl government desired nothing but peace, did not to their idea onough dis Scourago those who seeoom intent on bringiing the scourge of war uposn se. The asollsri proprs of our deputies Ihas again boon wounded, and it will take a grant deal of arguing to persundo them that thle Emperor's I specoh was not the sound of the tocsin of Effoot of the Emperor's Speech Abroad. Thie Germans, Prussians, and Austrians hlavo bettor than we unde'tood tho meoauing of theo EImperor's words at Auxorro. I't is evident tit,, they 0look upon thom no a thrloat; for wnr, which boflro Ile Impeorial visit to the departmnto l of Ile Jonn1o soomed ilmmlli nont, n1ow appears to be a qulsotion. They pininly soo tihat Napoleon ITT, for from wishing to urgo them to the dreadful ox troeity, on tho contrary is desirous to stop themo on tile brink of the abyss, mlking tIhemon foresoee tIhat a confingration caused by themon woild be tile moain0 s of roforming tIheo treaties of 1815 it their iexponso. They hlavo there Ifore paused, and aro still paulsing. Thelo proof of this hositation is shown in thei dolormintation just takenl by the Prussian gvormlnllont. Condolniod by an immionse lmajolrity 1by3' the BUand at Franllkfort, it would havo seoolmod nas if she halId no other stop to tako but to appeal to alrms; bult instoeadl of sotting her troops in miarcIl, as was expeCted, sho has a little cooled down and isilsueld aI decreeoo dissolvinlg thle Kammneor and ordoring aI gonloral electillon do novo. Soverall of the loading powers, especially EIglanld anld l.lssiil, have tried to tako advantlage of this temoporlary truceo, to 0make a supremo oeffort for thile maintilolnanclo of paioc;. Thile lat abortivo congroess lhasngain ben mootoedl. i'ralco, aifteir muchl protonded pressing, hl a ngreod o to aklto part in it, in ordor' tllhait an attellmpit may bo mado to settle tile E1ur1opoln squabbllbo. Conltinmltionll of thle Arlmamonllts.-T?'hls is how mattOers stanl at Iprosorntl. l ttting this and1 that togethioer, nobody can0 dony buit thait tile (II(IOos se0 0011 all for wiar--lmoro os pOciOlly illn Italy and Austria. The lessor Toutonic stlateos aro now following tile oexampllo of thie groeator. It is hardly likeoly Ilthat diplomacy will succeed illn prevenltilng 1111n armed conllict. Time Italians s80011m bent p1110 attackinlg thie TIlapsburgian tyranlt. Latost alccounts toll us tllhat by royal leooreo thie hermit of Caprora a few days ago loft hlis island for Nice, his native placo, 0no) the Iproperly of Frnalno, lllder protolec of paying ai visit to his brother; but inl reality to onroll volhntoors, 1and1, wha1t is an evil signi, withl tihe cognizance of tlho eOllnel goverlnmenlt. Ileoitles whih, thle Imanjority of thIle otimcial Itlillan papers ldeclreod llhat, as Ital' hlas boonll obliged ito arerm, it will now inot lay down arms unlIltil it hns tIhrown oil' thile Alustrian yokeo. General La Marmoanra will soonll talo tlhe field sid by sido withll ii iri qaleentuom, 1 a1nd will be roplaced by .larini lbionsoli, 1who will thlol be alt tio ha)d1 of thile now callbillonet. 'Throrofore tilhe train is laid), and a pretoloen is now only wanting to sot it on firo. '\\\To ollursolvos, inl order not to be talkelln llmawnros, are bogin nlinlg to 1k1110 so1110 prom11prations. A corps dl'observalionm will shortly be soult to he Allps, Illunder thle coIIIaIld of General Comte do Iauliktno; alnotor will no doubfb be soot to the RThonish frontior. Slnto of Trado in Franco.-Our commorco as well as oar finiancial world lhas felt thie oilbects of thie present uncortain stato of thiigs. 3usineoss is gonorally suspondod, end thoro is a fooling of mal-aisa whichl is iicreasig ovoery day. But howeovor muiclh French tlando inay lhavo to suffer at thie presoent tino, our troubles are not to bo compalred to thloso of our noighlbours on the othor side of the channeol. Theo imnonso failhros ill Englantd are now tho theme of goin'ral convorsation in the Fronch capital. Anxioty with 3lospoct to tho Fato of Meoxico.-Tho futureo of thie now Meoxican olpireo is IIa sourco of soilo anxioty to the hoad of thelo stato; and oillir friond Brotheor Jo)iatlian munst ill siomo mlonsaro b blamuOd for this, as hlo is doing all hlo can to mnico thie head of Max sit ullnoasy. HIo will not allow Franux-Josoph to send out holp to his blrothor; and tih only way to koop thie \\\Whito Housoe ill good hllmoir will bo to pack up allnd beo off. But this is more oeasily said thaln dono; for much of our capital is om harkoed ill thie fortunes of the now ompiro. W\o aro in a torriblo fix, for in canso of an European war, wo should liavo to recall our troops, ndil whcrt will poor Maxy do without us? It is quite droeadfld to think of. How over our troubles do not Ond hero. What will be thie issue of thloe oriontal question which sooms to bi rising beforo us likeo Banquo's ghost? TlhoMiEoldo-WValachian lurincipallitio s remaiin tlir ill their union uiidor a foroigni princo of their own choosing, Charlos of lohlonzollorn, notwithstanding thie lon- consonlt of thie loading European poweors. The obstinacy of thie foumanians in havilng tihoe so-callod protecting powor, imay be thie means of oxposing theomn to dangor, as Russia will inovitably takeo ad vanutago of tho gonoral confusiou in Europe to quietly anonex, (as is the fashion now a days) thie formor subjoots of Princo Couza. Addod to all thils theoro is thie financial moss which is sproading overywhoro, ovon in England, wheoro the susponsion of Oveorond, 0urlnoy, and Company and others has plullngod the markot into a stato of constoerna tion. ?anuy other firmns of noto have boon obligeod to call their creditors togeotheor. Muattors would lperhaps havo got worse and worso if govornmeont had not stoppeod in and suspondod thie balunk chartor. All our con tinontal Illmarkots Ihavse felt thie shook. I canniot tormminato my nmonthly corres pondoenco without montioming a ciroumstanco which miighlt have exorcisoed groat influoence on tilloe dostinios of P)russia. It is an attompt to assassinato Count ]3isaarlck, which took place olln theo 71th Junlllo, at the momlnllt tlhat tho uioblo proelier wis about leaving the Schloss, where he hadl boon spondilng the aifternooui with his royal mlastor. Tihe act was perpetratd tliy a yo3"ilg onthusiast of the inaoe of Blind, who, hlowover,. failod in his attenmplt, nnd was llianlllded over to justico by thie premior himsolf, who maintaiieo d his san ./fohid. Blinld committed suicido a ftw hours aftor his imprisonment. This little contrelemps hlas beoo the means of mlakiUng the premior popldar for a fow days. Very Latost Intolligouco.-Prilnce Charlos of IIohonzollorn, tile now Ilospodar of Moldo- iWallachia, iudllo his ontry into Ba chlarost on tho 22iil instant, anid was very woll rocoived by his now subjects. Ieo will shortly be joinod by his father, Prince An toinmo of IIohllonzollorn-Sigimaringen, who lhas for so many yoars rosidod in Dussoldorf, on tho Bhino. ]Iis lighnolss lhans boon natuiudisod a Weallachialn, and will no doubt assist his sonll in govornling tile duohios. Thie Siltian, as well as tihe Czar, lhas protostod against the clectiom of the H0ohenzollorn; but it is nlot supposed that tho protectilng ,powors will oppose tho wishes of tho Moldo Wallachians. We hear from Italy that thousmnls are hourly flockilng to the standard of Garibaldi, and theo cry is still " war to the Austrian! " Opening of thie Amuial Exhibition of Paiutings by Living Artists.-Theo rumours of war' hve not provoented the Parisianus oom visiting thle soni in the Cham!ps Elysdes, thIero our artists have gain Oxhibliited the pictures wlsich hlave occupied thelm this win tor. 'The numiber of 'Works is inferior to that of last yearo'; but we lavo reason to eoegratuhlte oursulves, as what we have lost in quantity we havo gained in quality. Thlere still seeonms to be agroat falshion for Vonuses, Eves, Lodes, and Nymphs of all sorts and sizes. T'ho cold weather which has returned to its must I fear be unploasant to those ladioes; iand one foebls inclined when passing before themon to offer them oithor a saunl en brqueo or a paloetot to guaranteeoo them from at cold. Oir' old friends M?ossrs. Goromo and Courtbot havo both exhibited picturros of first-rate imerit. The former gives us a sploendlid Cloopatra, a perfect study of arohla cological splendour, Otsosar must indeed have boon of stones had lie not boon charmed by nChI beauty as is prosentod us by the author of Pliroaoa and the WVife of ICing Candaulo. Coturbot, the realist, is one of the stars of the saloon. Now is thie hour of triumph for the chief of thie realist schlool after so very eany years of persooution on thie part of the mnembors of the classical school. It is said tlhat the largo gold mtedll, called the tmeraille l'hlonneur, will be awarded to him. Whllat will the institut say ? Corot, tlhe voteran nlandscape palintor, hlas sent but one picture, but otto full of light and air. Corot, who is ilow seventy-five, seems to improvo every year, andl should lhe live to be a hundred, hs will be the greatest landscape painter that ever lived. 'Thio Paris theatres are quito at a stand still. We are now agait betwoveen ti sea solls, alld most of our theatres are woearig oit their old pieces. Outdoor amusomoents are now thie fishtion, that is to say would lie thie ftltliot, if tho weather woreo to allotw us to leave tie house. Don Jiuan, by Mozart, is still runnlinog its succossfitl career, tand a now opera by (ounotd, the authtor of IFaust, will shortly be given at the Opdra Cotmiquo. COUt.ILu i DE PARIS. Tio wind that comes to ns f'om the Esst is warlike, and evorything shows tus tihat wso are atbout in as barbarous a state as wo wsoro somo hundreds years baclrk, for the Germanas are contomplating a friatricidal 'ar. Pletosures in tihe Parisian capital are ait a discountt, and we are pricking up our oars to catch thse first sound of the cuaoi instoteadl of listeninig to thoe dulct strains of tho Parisian ochlostras wlhich now give us snelh swooeet msio in tilhe dolightfull bowors of the OChanmps Elysoos. \Vo nrs turtinig philosopheors mucih against our will; anild wio orftein ask ourselves Io it is tihat the progress of civilizatiotn has ill mis wny weoned us from tihe desire of cutting each others throats bocausos wo callnot agree about a fo aicres of ground or a title. The sages of antiquity considulred him ilono Ihappy who like Brcs cotld oxelaim, '"I carry all my property with me." At thoe present timo such a man is indeed to be otvied, for hie need not troblo his hIoeadl about oither the rise or full of public securities. If hi commit suicide it will not be frotm ltving matde unlucky speculations at the JIourso. The miillionairos and bankleors ire much to be pitied now "tthey sloop not oni a bed of down." 'They are al'raid of the morrow already. lMany of our stockle brokers hiavo already cut and rnt, and ismany tmoro are on the eve of takinig a littio trip, and will most likely forgot to rememober to leave thoir addrossoes bohild thiom. Tlheore oxists in Paris ildo pondontly of tho ]olurso (the fine building hrlich with its boneutifil alto relieves is woell known to every stranger) a so-called petite iBourso, composed of pettifogging stockl brokors unattaclhed, or moro properly speak ing, nunauthlorised, who daily carry on their potldliilg busiiess on the Bsoulovards, much to tite aunoyanco of the flJneurs who freoquent this lively placo, perhaps tle livoliost in tlhe wovrld. No passoer-by was safe front tteso locusts of the pavd, as they are elore very )ProIO'perly tormod, as Ilo was sure to be pestered by one of those stook-broklors iaving every Itind of stock from consols to thie Ottoman loan, pretty muchl in the samo manor as the dirty follows whlo sell u'otremtu'c es for the tleatros, or before tihe Thoatros dos Varities and thie Vandevillo ill the Place do lo Bouse. The nuisance had become so intolerable that the police woro olbliged to eject these gentlemen from the trotair of thoe Boulovard, to tie great satis fietion of the pleasuro-soekers. Novorthe less, those artful dodgers are not to be beaton, and, like the Norfolk Howards, re turn to their old haunts with new faces and manoers. As the police have their eyes on thoem, they carry on their business in slanog torms, and hIavo given tho names of ment and womon to the different funds. Thus, when one accosts thie other with "lAhl! Ihow is Leotn?" hlie means " what are the Span ish filnids doing P" and when hie says, " can you toll me anoything about Eagenis?" le waits to know how the Fronch funds are quoted. The Frencht people are indeed a difficult people to govern, for tlhey hIave not the slightest respect fortle lawo, which they are alwvays wishing to take into their own Ihands. Gtumbling has boon carried to a high pitchl this wintar in tihe clubs of Paris. The prefect of thie Paris police, Mons. PiotZ, is straiinfig overy neoro to put it dlown; bit I think it is more tthan he can do in such an itutoral city. Baccarnat, the finest gambling game in thie world, thas been the rain of many a young mant of good finnily. Blacklogs have nowt a fine timo of it, and the public journals give us daily accounts of the nofilrious practices brotught to light by tihe agents of Mions. Piotz. Theso Greoks, as they are called hero, are now to bh found in thie saloons of the first society, for it mtst bo known- that it is inot all gold tthat glitters in this capital; and thoro are many wlo live by their wits. The Journal dos Tribuanux gave us a few days ago, ani interesting account of two scamps, Counts Stampa and Guorra, who have for some time boon floeciig the unwary. It is a popular saying that "laws are made to be broken. Howeveor the case may bo, it is certain that stolon fruit is alwrays the sweetest. iThe pro foot of polieo hIas aIntely 'forbiddon the game of baccarat (a gamo .of hIazard) to be played in tite Paris clubs or circles as they are called. The consequence has been thlint instead of gambling being put an otd to it has on tihe contrary boen increased. It is true Vtie game of baccarat no longer exists; but thero is more than one game of hazard; and cards have given place to nmother sort of game equally dangerous alled rljicr u do bourchon. This game consists in placing a pieco of money ol a cork and throwing at it; ard theIo playor who succoods in hitting tIheo c oln off the cork wins all tihe monoey stakCod. Tihus largo sums of money may bo lost in a sinlglo night. Mons. Io Prefoct has theroforo, with tlohe bhost inton tions in tlre world, fitilol to put an end to grnambling in thie Paris clubs; and this is to ito tire more deplored as many respectable fimilies have in a very short space boon reduced to utter ruin owing to the oxtrava gance of tlhcir sons. Wo are often tempted to beliovo that all tho world is doomed to be tie victim of either fear or imposition. Not long ago the public was greatly occu pied in discussing the fearful amount of pauperism in London, and we woro inclired to congratulateto oursolves that our capital was exeompt from suche an evil. It soorns howeover tlhat we "cried beforo we wroo out of the wood ;" for recont statistical accolnts of thie condition of the poor of Plaris show uis thaIt we are but little in advance of our nroighlbours, d'ourhra itlanele. The quarrtior of La Maison la:ncrho is one of thie poorest in Paris. It contains thirty thousrrand inhlabitants, oloven tlhousnnd of whomr are assistod by thie br'eau dd bienfali sonco. T'ho clergy of this parish, nhlen visiting tlheir flock, havo thio habit of giving two or moro francs, acording to the n'ocos sity of thie family visited. It apponrs thrat thie poor are not content with this charity, rand have resort to an artful dodgeo to augmont thie sulm loft by thie clergyman. Otto of thie firnily foigns to bo dangerously ill, anrd sonds for a priost to give hnim the last sacrament, vwhich being dono thie goodl ponstor geonorally bestows a small ralms befooro leavirg thie house. It fro quontly Ihapporens that five or six members of the smro family repeat thie dodge ir thie same day, alwSays taklcing careo to sond for a difrorontt confessor; and thus a respectable saIr is arimnssed Iby thoseo impostors; Irrt, alans! for them, thIe trick hais Ioon discovered by thie police, and the authlors of it will have time to recover from their imraginary illness in prison. Io Tlrilnrual Corroctionrl of Paris Ihas latoly ioon occupied with a trial of a most singilar nrturo which serves to provo tlhat there are still a good many rogoues ourt of pirison. A cortain Taponlior, a Swiss, has boon condeomned to thie galleys for having swindloel trid obtained the hIand of tho daughter of a nobleman under falso pro lonces. Taponnior horgan lifo bIy being a stablo-boy, and appnears to hIave boon gifted withi a cortrain amount of natural talent slhichl enabled him to carry on his nofarious schomos f6r some time. HI was assistod in hIris rogueries by persons hIolding a more or loss respoctablo position in societys, which sfillcintly proves the state of corruption of thie higiher classes in Paris. With rospnCt to lronn's now work, Los Apotros (the Alostloes), overybody ngreoos in saying that thie work as a nwholo is a failrro and very inferior to hIris Lifeo of JLesrs Chlrist. It mnst naturally shockl Christians by the levity with which ho sparks of persons and thinrgs Ihold in rover onc by overy donomination. n Ho teaches nothinrg snow, and thie worke may be lookeod oni chiefly as a well-written guido to tIhe Hole Lrnd. Tiho Expo sition dos B]onux Arts in tile C.hamp d'Elysdos was oponod as usual on thie lst of isly. The Parisians, liko childron, are very ftod of pictureos, and more ospecially colored onos, and crowds of ologantly dressed ladios and gentloemnon on that day filled tihe salons of the Palais do l'Industrio from ten in the morning to the hour of closing, which was six o'clock. VWe overy year ask our solves if art derives any benefit from those annmual picture fairs. Wo think not. Our artists are workmau paid by theo day; their picturos must be ready within the year, and the consequence is tihat they gain in doex tority of the hand, but nothing more. Real atmatours are of opinion that French arts are not progressing, and that the object of the paintcr now-a-days is to pander to thie bad tasto of the public. It is indeed most todious to wander through tihe long rooms of tie Palais do l'Isndustrio. Works.of merit iro few and far between. Our painters of the realist school have this year attracted the attoution of the public in a high dogree. Courbot, who for so many years has had to ndorgo piersecution from tihe advocates of tihe school of thought, lhas come out with a landsocapo and deoor, of very great beaonuty, which has quite tlakoen the artistic world by storm. The object of the realist school is to pcint notlhing but whal t one sees, that is, voerything from lifo, so that a beggar may look like a beggar, anid a shoop liko a shoeep. :In tihe last centnury Watoeau B3onochor tlhonglt fit to embollish overythisig; so we seeo shopherds and slophelordessos docked out in silks and satins. Tihe roealists now give us a sheopheordoss as she appears in overy day lifo, in tattered dress aind sabots, and even add a little dirt to make matters loolk truo to niature. They think with Boileau "iuon te'st bctau que i l rai' io irai soul st amiable. It seems the fashion now-a-days for all the world, both moen and boasts, to be affictd with some malady or other. Last year tihe cholora reigned sapromoe; then tihe poor pigs foill ill; and now it is the turn for tihe cuanino race to be seized witch madness. Eveni dogs of high degreeoo aro not exempt from tic scourge, and oti of thie Ktig Olcharlos's spaniols beolongiig to thie Empress, Ihaving lately beoon seized with hlydrophobia, hIrs boon tilo cause of a serious accident at tihe court, Ilavingbittou tihe first mutsonior, Mlon seignour Firmaucho. This sorrowfil event has greatly afilicted H. .. Napolooc III., tihe venornble prolate being an old and fiitlhfil friend of his, iaving boon clhaplain cit tihe fortress of Himu at the time that tile Eimpieror was lrisonor at that place. It is well kIown that Nalpoloon nover forgets thoso who were lind to him in tihe days of his adversity, and ihe theorofore surrounds Monseignour Firmanchco with overy possible comfort; nevertholess his stato causes great unoascloss. Whilst on the topic of dogs and their dis eases, we must not forgot to mention tihe death of the fivourito spaniel of Therosan, tihe colobratod Diva of the Alaonzar. Tihe poor animal has succumbed to an inflammation of tihe boweols which dofied all medical skill. But it is not only of oplidomics that I must speakl to you to-day. We are threatened with somelthing still more torriblo- ono of tie veritable scourges of Egyypt. Imniionse quantitiosof locusts hIave arrived from the south and devastated our fertile colony of Algiors. Lotters received thence inform us that the sun wias literally darkened during the passnage of thoso d(lostroying inlscts, whichl continued for several days. Whlor over they alightoed they devoured all ,oforeo them, and a few hours only suflliced for them to lay wasto the surrounlding country. Thel march of the locusts is towards the north, and it is considerably to be feared tlhat they will maklo a doscent on ]Franc. Should they do so, the daunago tlhoy would causo to our crops would be incalculablo. 