NEWS BY THE ~LAIL. ,Attempted llurder and Suicide..-A some. what singular nase of attempted murder and suicido occupied the attention of the magis. trates at the Thames Police-court. James Middletok an iron shipbuilder, aged 43, was paying hias addresse .to Eliza Peterson, a blooming widow. of 40.. On the. 0thinset,, having i boon. together. at Poplar Church, they went to-the lady's house; and he very shortly afterwards "propbsed" indoo form and was as'c?yid,. The happineas of the' accepted lover maust have dethroned his reason, for on the instant he seized a knife and stabbed his b'ride'"twice" in the throat.' Her' screams irouight' assistande; 'mid the prisoner then '.in. flioted ,a seveire' wouid ' on .his? own, throat.' Although dangerous; the wound did not prove fatal, and 'the prisoner stands committed for 8.Strange Announsemesnt.-The following singular' marriage notice is taken from a North Carolina journal :--'By Dr. J. A. Sherrill, at twilight, on Wednesday evening, Feb. 28, 1866, at the house of the bride's widowed mother, Mr. A. A. Gabrile to Miss Lizzie Milligan, after a short but most delioi. ons courtship."--Pall Mall Gazette. Somnambulism Extraordinary.-The ePsst Surrey 2imes gives a remarkable story of this nature." At a 'farmhouse in the vicinity of Geildfo'd, a large roll of butter was brought in at tea. The careful wife proceeded to cot the butter in'two in order that one.half of it might' only remain on the table. The knife graed 'upon something 'in the centre of the butter, and, in the very heart of the lump she found a: gold watch and chain,'very carefully rolled up, but not inveloped in paper or any other.coverizg..At this juncture Sarah B-, the domestio, entered the room, and uttering a sharp exclamation, darted ofl. again precipi tately. ' Soarce had the farmer time to remark upon Sarah's strange conduct than she re turned, breathless,' with haste and' anxiety, ejaculating, "'It's mine, mom I it's mine l" ,Mrse: : -'remembered to have heard Sarah say that she had been left a gold watch and chain by a deceased relative, that she was always in terror of losing it, that she did not .wear it, as not suitable to a person in her sta 'tion of life, and that for safety she kept it looked up in her box under her clothes. ,Sarah declared that she had been in the habit, when under the influence of strong emotion, of walking in her sleep. On the previous Mon day she had been reading in the newspaper some dreadful tales of burglary with violence. 'OnR tho esame 'night she had a most vivid ,dream. She thought that the house had been .entered by..burglars, and that she saw them through a clink in the door enter her master 'and mistress's room. She tried to scream, ''but could not, and although very anxious for \- her. master and mistress's welfare, her "thoughts, seemed to revert in spite of every. 'tliing to the necessity of saving her watch. At length' she dreamed that she hit upon an expedient.., She quietly got. out of bed, unl 'leoked her box, took out the watch, slipped ' on'her dress, and softly glided down staire and made her way to the dairy. ' She there took a :.roll of butter of.the Saturday's making, wound the chain round the watch,and deftly inserted both watch and chain in very centre of the Sbiutter,"malking' up the roll precisely in the form that it was before. She then thought that 'she passed swiftly upstairs, and reached ', her zoom unmolested. On inspecting 'the: watch found in the butter, she had no hesita "tion 'in' declaring that it was her's I Farmer S i:' nd his wife accordingly handed over to ?arah - the watch and chain. 'Horrible' Story from the Far West.-The :..'Helena (Montana) Republican states that in May a man representing himself to be 'a minister of the Gospel stopped at an Irish man's ranch' at' Tobacco Plains, on the road from Pend d'Oreillo Lake at Kootenay mines, and that'soime time'afteiwards the Irishman was missing, : and. the quondam' preacher stepped into his shoes, informing all who ' :inquired after the previous proprietor of theb 'ranch' that he had bought out the Irishman, and, thlt the .latter had gone to the lower country. This seemed a plausible story, but a discovery of human bones led to an investi gation, which has proved that the supposed ox preacher not only murdered the Irishman, .but hacked the body to pieces and served it up in variously-prepared dishes to the travl-. '. Iftetopping at his place. Death .rom the Bite of a Ferocious lHose. 'Ai iniueat was hold at Hndleigh,.on the body of James Handsworth, aged 42 years. The deceased, a farrier ,and locksmith, was in the farmyard 'of Mr. Mauby, ":when'` ~'h Nes attacked by a aire ' which 'he 'had, recently had under 'tieatien~t. :The mare knockled him down, and:kneeling upon his body- seized him by the back of'his bead and inflicted very considerable:' injuries' with her teeth. $e died on Saturday last, 'thrie weeks after the attack:,of the savage animal. The.'jery returned a verdict that the deceased died from "the eOffdots of bites inflicted by a furious mare. , ' . A':Delicate Ghost.-" Sperit," she replied, is 'a kinder gas,-which blows us out to shape, like. balloond." " Oh;'indeed," says I. "You' are?,blown i out like balloons, air you ?" "Yes," she says, " we air ; and if you don't `break bur film, which you can't when we don't wish, we are as strong as you felt just now." 9,Oh, indied," said I, not understanding quite parspicuous," "and when I knocked that glove ofT jsti 'now did I break the film I". " 1 a'yther guess you did," she said," it's only jadt Shboalesd up,' " ,.Thou, madam," said I, think. in';l'd, caught her tripping, for .thes ghosts most of 'em "lie like everlastin', " if: you'ie" ."blowri': ouitlie6' hballoon, hoiw is it you mdid'iat :-''collapse quite away 'P. It wasn't will,'was it ?" "No," she answered, quite ready. "I'd gi'vdn : that'.ip; it's:the iiatore of the apeorit not tj" ." Low'se seid ,thinking itrather a amale rea. -.lon.t" ? hW'yj,"'h id6aid," sperit and air is'like S-ilo and. water,·-and 'won't: mix; ,you can atir! 'em- sl'ila'id'as you like,' but they won't mix." "Oh, indeed i" 'said I' gait?; puzzlin"'miybheitd'fr anotheir qtuetion.- iFor '"mind younyodungster, whenevere you meet ii glc`stdask''cmnu eatlorimd, never leavr ofl.' -"Thbey'r. c 'iptl~d tdsnsawer' them 'oat ;'l1 atenqae and I wdlsay ghosts are pretty mannered, as a rule. But once.lst 'em out of harness, and they always ran to their own stones, like a horse to his stable, and there's no stopping 'em; and of all the bores I guess a ghost's lifo tops 'am, they're all so long and dreadful melanoholy. But shao was politoness itself, was this young sporit.. Seeing me a puzzling what to say next, she asked me with unaseol delicany whether I. had any more 'qunostions to ask her, and just at that moment 1one rushed into my head witli sdh" impefit tosity'ti'k'nocked my pipe clean out of my mouth. Wal, as yon ask me," I said, " I have just one ot two or so;. You were spodkin' of lying up in a table. What did you mean by that ? Were your sink ?" " No," she eaid, "that isn't the reason; we sporits are never sink. It was because I-had't any,olothes on."-Dickens's All The Year Round. "Lhe Marquis of Waterford on Irish A fairs.: -The Marquisof Waterford has delivered as speech on Irish' affairs at the dinner of the Waterford Farming Society. He said the English; Government had been spending its money and sending over its great men to govern the country; still these efforts unless aided' by the people, would be all futile and useless., The Fenian movement (the noble marquis continued) had put Ireland back two centuries... The work of years had been des troyed by that " hellish 'conspiracy," and the many thousands of pounds that might have been spent here were carried elsewhere. Those with whom the, movement originated, he held,..were nothing more than" enthusiasts and robbers," and they elhould, .hi thought thank the Romish clergy 'for'.the example which they' had set from the beginning. Irishmeln, he said'in conclaston, were now shrewd. , They were not what they were 80 years ago. They had become more capable of judging for themselves and they felt that it was" not by following the advice of wiaked men, but by. attending to their own occupi tions,' that, they could hope to be rendered comfortable and happy. LordDerby and hia, Teainti.-A meeting was hbold at Unsworth, near Manchester, for the purpose of'protesting' against the closing of a welll in the' neighborhood by' Lord Derby's dgent?' 'Mr. Slattar. ",Mr. Winter. bottom, who has taken so activena part in the disputes about old footpaths ,in the same district, and on the same landlord's estate, occupiod the chair.. "One of the, speskore said that no more tyrannical aot could have been performed by Lord Derby or his agent than to deprive the people of Unsworth of clean water. He believed the well whieb was stopped up 'had been used by the people for a hundred years, and it could be proved to have been in use above sixty years. It would never have been' allowed to be closed had it not occurred "at? I the. tii'e 'of 'the cottoni panic, when' the peiel'phihad etougli 'to 'do to' get broad,' The ,.will in 'question ," had' been opened by the people thirty . eight times, and closed again each' time .by the "direotion ' of Lord Derby's 'steward, and they intended to indict Lord' Derby at the.next Manchester assizes for closing the well; . They had formed an assaooiation to defend the people's rights in this matter, and were determined to have opened every well and footpath which had been illegally closed. Lord Derby had deprived the people of their privileges, and made them afraid to call t!.eir souls their own. He had no doubt that were it not for the tyranny Unsworth was oppressed with they would have had ten -times tlie number' of. people present at that meeting. The following resolution was carried unanimonsly :-" That this meeting condemns the condouct of Lord Derby in closing the only well which supplied the people of this locaiiiy with good water for generations past, kthu rendering it' necessary for them to:drink impure water, or go fully a mile each morn ingto obtain the day's supply; and,* further, this meeting deeply sympathises with 'the peoplef(n the sufferings to which they.have been so unnecessarily and cruelly subjected." A ,Submarine Convulsion.-The ishabicanta of Coranna have been startled by a phenomni non caused by 'some esubmarine convulsion. The old 'rook called.La Marola h'ad disap peared after having been .thrown'against that called Las Animas; and. between 'the.' rocks surrounding the fort St.' 'Antonio a little creek has been formed scapable of containing about ae dozen small fishing smacks. :'' Dr. Forbes Winslow, in a letter.to the Pall 'M?all 'Gazette, suggests the establishment of Sanatoria fdnch na already exist in America),. for ,the ,treatment oft conilrmet,d drutkarddq, whose only chance of being cured lies in their placing themselves where they! will have to submit to.healthy reginden andboe usiable to obtain alcoholic drinksi.' 'He is'eitiified:that many porions will voluntarily resort 'to, these asyltensito be cured of what in many instances isreally,a disease. .Eiphantine .Play.-It is reported from Bucharest' that a Frenchman named ,Poltin arrived in that city to exhibit two elephants, a malo,alnd female, , the' same 'which were shown in Paris a few years, since. .These animals have killed their keeper ,in .asingular manner. The male seized him with his trunk and threw him'into'tho air; the fomale'caught' him as he fell and throw, him back again, and this game of ball'wis'oritioaed for a quarter ofta bnohour. When assistance.arrived it was 'too late; every bone in the poor fellow's body was' broken: . " .". ' ' Singular dM'ode of Punishing a Dishonest Person.. A sinighlar'moda of punishment, re minding 'one of some ofa the customs of the ;ast century, was adopted last week at Hitehcn. 'As' soon an the plait market opened, considera ble excitem?nt was' created among its mem bers' assembled :in the.Market squaire by the 'town 'crier giving out the following announce "naint :--'- Notice' his' hreby given that this bunich' of 'plait;was sold in Hitchin Market on the 24i1, July last, as menturing'll score'and I10 yards, 'whereas it was found to consist of two lengths of' eight yards each,' 13 lengths of saven yards each, andi three of six yardsonly, making together only six scores aund 'five yards. This plait was made by ?,?, and she would have been prosecuted for her dislhonesty; but, in eonsideiation of her having confessed hier gnilt to the inspector, it is resolved that thei plait be publicly burnt in the market, which will be dens accordingly. By order ot the Committee of the StrawHat hismaral. 'tureros' Association." The condemned bindle of jplait, lfastened to the b'send of a' stick was then held up to public indigna lion and the terrible judgment, in the shape of n lighted match, applied. The frail mass, held at stick's length, was rapidly consumed to ashes. Refusal of Pnublic.House Licenses-Mr. Frederick Phillips applied on his own behalf for a renewal of the license of the Queen's Hend,' at Fisher's Pond, in the parish of Owalebory, and John Piper for a renewal of the license of the Buglo, at Twyford. As, hbowever, complaints had been made by the police against the conduct of both honses, the applications were refused. In private letters from Madrid it is men tioned that at the news of each successive victory of the Prussians over the Austrians, Queen Isabella of Spain shed tears and broke into lamontations. "It is all over with nus I" she is reported to-have exclaimed, "with, the Pope, with 'Austria, with all of us The heretics, the Protestants, triumph." Like Antonelli, her Most Catholic Majesty thought the world was going to " cascade." At Tynemouth, a lady was carried nut by a wave whilst bathing, and was in a fair way of being drowned, when a boy rode in on horseback, reached her by means of a life. buoy, and was presented with sixpenco for saving her life. ; Singular Prosecution in Ireland. - A prosecution has been instituted by the ses. sional crown solicitor of Pomeroy, in the' county of Tyrone; against annumber ofRoman' Catholics, for-in the phraseology of the in dictnient-" unlawfully assembling with arms, to the terror of her Majesty's peaceable sub jects, on that town on the 12th of July." About eight o'clock in the evening the chapel bell wasrunag, when nearly a thousand of the Roman Catholic population from the sur rounding district, most of them armed with ,guns, assembled in Pomeroy. They were evidently well organised, for they' marobed in regular order.to the beat of drums, instantly attended to' such military instructions as "Right abot 'face," and fired about 600 abots. They oflered no violence, however, to any one; and the defence made byt their counsel;' after an ineffectal attempt by the pariah priest, the Rev. Mr. M'Kenna, to get the proceedings quashed on the ground that no occurrence of the kind had ever taken place in the neigh; borhood' before, and the prosecution would engender a bad feeling between the protestants and the Roman Catholice,-wns that Mr. M'Kenna had received an anonymous letter ostensibly from an Orangeman, indirectly inti mating that hischapelwould bedestroyedonthe 12th, and that it was solely to protect it they had assembled. Mr. It'Kenna, on being cross.examined, admitted that he did not be. hove the threat in the letter would be carried out, and when asked why he did not commu nicato its contents to the magistrates, added that "he did not want to raise any alarm." He could not account, he further said, for such a large, number of persons as a thousand collecting in the town, as he only. showed the letter to two persons. The magistrates sent nine of the prisoners for trial. earltluake in Paris.-Tho Paris papers give details of the shook of earthquake ex perienced in Paris. As far as Paris is con corned ir'is to be remarked that whilst in one street the 'bseillations were so violent as to frighten people from their houses, in the neighboring streets the shocks were hardly perceptible: A house in the Rue Malioro has received such a shaking as to require props. In the environs of Paris the oscillations were severely felt, especially at St. Cloud, and at Samur, Limoges, Carecasonne, Perignenx, Clermont, Riom, Nantes, Angers, &o.; The shoocks, which all took place at the same mo. mont, were sufficiently felt to aronse the in. habitants from their sleep, and manyof them thought that the end of the world was come. From Riom the account says that a dull' detonation preceded the trembling 'ot the earth... ,The last time that Paris received a shook wsa in 1822, when the oseillations were in exactly the same direction, that is, from south-east to north.east. 