CHAPTER IX. FOG! Great preparations were made at Mrs. Featherly's house, in honour of her daughter's birthday; and towards evening these preparation reached their climax. The rooms had been set in order, and every article of furniture seemed, to have a bright particular smile on its face, as if wishing Grace Featherly many happy returns of the day, every time she entered the apartments. The branching candle-brackets looked pleasant enough in their trappings of glossy green vine-leaves and tendrils, making up their minds to appear jolly in the artificial light, if only to please pretty Grace, although, Heaven help them, they had lost by their sacrifice, the light of the sun for ever. On the parlour sideboard a regiment of tall wine and champagne glasses were drawn up, 'right in front'-supported by a 'hollow square ' of tumblers, who seemed planning an attack on four bottles of stout and a ham which stood on an adjoining table. In addition to these arrangements, a man with a harp and another one with a fiddle were engaged to come over from Sydney, and these-with the pianoforte belonging to the estab- lishment, and a black flute with silver keys belonging to Mr. Fledgit-were to constitute the 'music', for the evening. By, the way, this flute had long been an object of horror to Mrs. Featherly's lodgers, of anxiety to that lady herself, of amusement to Grace, and of pride to Tom Fledgit-indeed it would have been just as likely for him to go out without his coat, as it was for him to venture forth without that instrument of torture in the said coat's pocket! It was one of the few and far between luxuries allowed him by his stern sister, who admitted that there wasn't much harm in the flute, and any one who heard Mr. Fledgit's performance on the instrument in question would have readily subscribed to the same opinion. Miss Patience had been over since early in the afternoon, to assist in the arrangements ; but the flute and Tom Fledgit were to spruce up and come over in time for tea, or sooner, if the young gentleman could escape from the mercantile web of Messrs. Grinder and Snapperton. As that always dull meal (when preceding an evening party) was drawing nigh, the excitement became more apparent. Mrs. Featherly, in a high degree of warmth and cap-ribbons, worried herself in imagining impossible remedies for improbable acci- dents; and, between every morsel of bread and butter, and every taste of tea, was afflicted with horrible misgivings which con- strained her to go and see '' whether the kitchen chimney wasn't on fire"-or "who that was talking to Susan." A romantic little erection in the garden, of a composite character -as if its ancestors had been a water-mill and a sentry-box- was appropriated as a sort of local lock-up for the eatables destined for supper, "in order to keep them out of harm's way," Mrs. Featherly said, and her boy of-all-work was stationed at the entrance since four o'clock in the afternoon, with strict orders not to allow anybody (himself included) inside. It had been a spot sacred to tubs and boxes painted green, containing some shrubs, which enjoyed an aristocratic existence apart from the vulgar democratic vegetation outside. The tubs had been heaped in a corner-and on a couple of long tables the poultry, fruit, and pastry were lying in statue, awaiting the grand 'wake' at supper-time. And there watched the boy, Dick, alternately polishing the boot on his arm and the nose on his face, with the blacking-brush-varying the amusement by looking through the dusty panes of glass at a cold goose and two roast fowls. The garden walks had been fresh gravelled, and the edges of thebeds, trimmed, and without straining commendation the whole plantation looked a picture of neatness-even to the clumps of prickiy pear and spiky aloes, which always look better at a distance ! Mr. Snag had attired himself for the occasion in a very open waistcoat, through the breast of which an immense shirt frill seemed frothing out-as if his linen had been got up by the laundress employed by Mr. Bones, of Ethiopian notoriety : and a pair pf tight white drill trousers showed his figure to such advantage that you might imagine his legs to be two rice- puddings tied up too tight for boiling. Mr. Gushington followed suit in an immense white waistcoat, -big enough to paint a map of the world on, and looking like the iced top of a wedding cake, surmounted by a blue tie of surpassing brilliancy. A pair of white kid gloves had given him a vast deal pf anxiety lest they should burst while he put them .on, and now he was labouring under the same agonizing fears as to getting them off again with safety; moreover, there was an air of youthful vigour about him (excluding the white waist- coat) that puzzled those acquainted with him. This juvenile appearance was attributable to his wearing a hat constantly throughout the evening, a proceeding which suggested his wait- ing for some mysterious summons, and of being in a position to obey it immediately. After tea more gentlemen came, with more white waistcoats and white gloves-as if their uniforms were made by contract accompanied by a corresponding number of young ladies with a strong prevailing .taste for white muslin dresses and blue sashes These, again, were followed by the harp and the violin, who (the man that played it, not the instrument itself) had a voice which would have been all the better for oiling, and a very red nose which looked shiny enough without. He also brought into the room an unmistakeable odour of spirits, as if he were a planet revolving in an atmosphere of rum. This, he explained, was caused by 'the harp' having indulged in too much com- pany of a convivial nature. As for himself, he rather objected to it; which he did to such an extent that when offered a glass of spirits, he put it out of sight with one gulp and two words "Here's luck !" However, when the two instruments-joined by a young lady at the piano-had rattled through an overture and a set of quad- rilles, people began to be a little less afraid of one another, and each began to single a companion and draw towards him or her as corks in a stream converge, and tug and tussle together, to the end of the voyage. Then a dance oqr two inspired the company with a little fresh exhilaration ; after which a young lady sang a Christy Minstrel ballad, which was very pretty (when sung by a Christy Minstrei), and two young gentlemen with very good intentions, but voices exactly the reverse, made themselves exceedingly hoarse-and the company exceedingly uncomfortable-in a duet. Then came some more dancing, followed by a remark from Mrs. Featherly that Mr. Fledgit could play the flute so nicely, if he only had it with him; and finding that (accidently, of course!) Mr. Fledgit had brought the flute with him in a mahogany case, she suggested that he should favour the company with 'that pretty piece' he played for her and Grace, the other evening. Then there was an immense amount of envy on the part of young gentlemen who couldn't play the flute, and a great deal of interest on the part of young ladies, who liked it so much-and a tremend us quantity of screwing and fixing, on the part of Tom Fledgit, who at last succeeded in arousing a wailful melody, which made its way from the flute in a skulking manner, like the injured ghost of a tune (as it really was), for Mr. Fledgit got so excited when a pretty girl with black ringlets smiled at him, that he kept putting his fingers between the holes instead of on them, accord- ingly producing a tune which the toss of a ha'penny' might have decided to be 'Old Dan Tucker' or the 'Dead March in Saul!' As to Mr. Snag, he seemed busy with a variety of plans, but whether he was negotiating on behalf of Mr. Fledgit or Mr. Gushington, or acting on his own account, was difficult to dis- cover. He certainly managed to get the former involved in a conversation with three seraph-like beings in book-muslin, and engaged the latter to listen to a lecture on 'Heathenism ' by Miss Patience Fledgit; acts which seemed to ignore former promises made to both gentlemen; still he did not seem anxious to press his own suit with Miss Featherly, but rather appeared to attach himself to the mother, with whom he kept up a perfect torrent of small-talk, and occassionaly assisted her in looking after the comfort of the guests, as if he was Mrs. Featherly's 'first mate.' "Dear me !-What a strange, creature that Mr. Gushington is!"-remarked the lady, as she directed the attention, of Mr. Snag to the individual in question. "Is it his intention to go into town to-night?" "What, to Sydney? Oh, no; he is enjoying himself too well here!" replied her companion. "Then what on earth induces him to keep his head continually covered as if it were a hat-peg. I have noticed him several times this evening, and on every occasion he had his hat on as he has now. Even at tea-time he sat down with it on, and seemed inclined to wear it throughout the meal, until I reminded him of it, " said Mrs. Featherly, in a very surprised manner. "Yes, that is a whim to which he has taken lately," explained the collector. "Poor fellow;-I'm afraid his malady is gaining greater force as his body loses strength." "Malady.! -losing strength?-dear me ! is he unwell?''- inquired the landlady, in a strangely-mixed tone of commis- seration and alarm. The gentleman applied to shook his head mournfully, but in an assenting manner. "Then why doesn't he get some advice?-I'm sure, Mr. Snag, anything the house affords and that a medical man suggests, is entirely at Mr. Gushington's,service. . Gruel; arrowroot--" '"'As the poet observes, Mrs. Feather!y-with gruel 'thou cans't not minister to a mind diseased,' or with arrowroots 'pluck from the memory a rooted sorrow,'" rejoined Mr. Snag, assum- ing a dramatic tone well suited to a theatrical undertaker. "Bless me, Mr. Snag, how you do frighten one. You surely don't mean that Mr. Gushington. keeps his hat on his head because his senses are going out of it?" '''That's exactly what I do mean. As for that, my unfortunate friend is harmless enough at present; just a little of the roofing loose, you know," explained Mr. Snag, tapping his skull meta- phorically; "Only keep your bed- room doors bolted at night -that's all!" "And quite enough too. Lor, Mr. Snag, what an awful position for a poor lone lodging-house keeper to be in;" whispered Mrs. Featherly. "I must give him notice to quit, immediately, indeed-I must. I'm sorry for him, poor gentleman ; but it would never do for us to wake up with the house on fire, or, if he didn't do that, perhaps he'd poison the coffee or the soup! Isn't it dreadful?" " Well, I really don't think there's so much harm in him as all that," argued her lodger. " Just now his mind is busy with some quiet fantastic schemes, that can't hurt anybody: for instance, he is under the impression that your daughter, Miss Grace, is devoutly attached to him.'' "Good gracious!"-ejaculated the landlady. "How shocking !' "Of course, the idea is perfectly absurd," reasoned the collector but until we can get him away to a place of safety there's no harm in his imagining so." "Oh dear me !-it has given me such a start; I hardly know what to do for the best, I'm all of a shiver," affirmed Mrs Featherly, shaking like a jelly on a pastry cook's counter. "I fancied his behaviour was very strange for the last week or two he has looked at Grace in such a way and actually objected to having cold meat for dinner more than three times a week just fancy!" Mr. Snag answered that it was a most painful thing to contem- plate; but whether he alluded to Mr. Gushington's malady, or to the 'bill of fare' objected to by that gentleman, did not transpire. "At present, Mrs. Featherly, don't breathe a word to any body," he added, "and you may rely on my preventing him doing any mischief," and, having assisted the lady to a liqueur glass of sherry, and himself to a stiff dose of brandy and water, mixed in accordance with ' Mynheer Von Dunk's ' famous recipe, he joined the company, and mingled in their amusements. "You get on famously with Miss Fledgit," he said, in an undertone, to Mr. Gushington, who had just finished his tete a tête with that blooming maiden, "I quite envy the happy knack you possess of making yourself so agreeable to the ladies, and of so easily adapting yourself to their society." "H'm! I've been so bothered and bored with accounts of Coral Islands and Mission labours, and of cannibals who have given up eating human flesh in favour of butchers'-meat, that l've almost wished Miss Fledgit had formed a banquet for them year ago, before they had become converted to civilized cookery. She worried me so, that at last I fell into a doze, and woke up in a tremendous perspiration, fancying she was a New Zealand Chief discussing the question as to whether he would prefer me roast or boiled. She has quite taken away my appetite for supper and has got me to subscribe ten shillings towards providing the Hottentots with flannel shirts and hob-nailed boots!" 'Indeed?" rejoined Mr. Snag; "but you seemed to fall in with her views quite naturally." "I couldn't help it !" asserted Mr. Gushington. "She's a strong minded woman. Look here, Snag, I believe that woman's got mind enough to frighten a fellow into anything. She got talking about marriage, and its obligations, and all that sort of thing, so that at one time I was really afraid she was going to-" "Not pop the question?-surely !"-supplied his companion Mr. Gushington nodded grimly. "But where's Miss Grace?" he added "you promised, you know, to give me an opportunity of popping the question to her -you haven't forgotten it, eh?" "My dear fellow-no! There she is, over yonder, talking to somebody. Couldn't you see how I was engaging the mother in conversation, just to keep her sweet and unsuspicious? I'll get the daughter away immediatly, for I know she's dying to accept your offer, and when I call you, make the best use of your time and get an answer from her." When his companion left him, Mr. Gushington had time to notice that Grace Featherly was in deep conversation with a little hard-featured man, who had come in without being introduced to anybody, and to whom no one but Grace seemed to ofter the slightest attention or civility. However, Mr. Gushington soon lost sight of her and her com- panion among the merry crowd, and commended himself to the sport and enjoyment around him. Dances were succeeded by songs, and both were supplanted by a lively pastime, the chief feature of which consisted in young men attempting to kiss pretty girls, which was all right and proper according to the rules of the game, but which was sadly interrupted by your mouth coming in contact with a glossy curl, instead of a pair of ripe rosy lips ; as if the latter didn't like it at all-Oh, no ! In the course of events, it fell to Mr. Gush- ington's lot to get up an exciting chase after a mass of white muslin, which tripped away on a pair of very pretty feet, and which kept mingling with a dazzle of golden ringlets in a man- ner perfectly perplexing to Mr. Gushington-when Mr. Snag came to the door and beckoned him out. "Perhaps some gentleman will take my place ? "--he cried, good-humouredly ; and, nothing loth, half a dozen, threw them- selves into the gap, and chased away right earnestly. " She's there ! " whispered Mr. Thorley Snag, mysteriously "Where's your hat ? '* "Bless me !" panted Mr. Gushington, "I lost it a few minutes ago in that hunting game ! It's Somewhere inside-I'll go and fetch it." "No, no! nevermind; there's one outside : Dick, the kitchen lad, found it this morning, left by the tide on the rocks-a straw one, with a turban on it. They say it belonged to Mr. Claston, the missing lodger ; but how the deuce it came overboard, I can't make out. Dick's had it out in the sun all day, so I dare say it's dry enough now-however, it'll do in the dark ! " "Are you there, Dick ? " whispered Mr. Snag, as they drew near the summer- house converted into a temporary provision magazine and guarded by that watchful juvenile. " Yes, Mr. Snug; here I is, and here I sticks, until Mother, Featherly orders supper," responded the lad, doggedly, " She might have left a feller a light to look at the grub with, but she's afraid on me setting the house a-fire, I suppose, and burnin' the goose and the wegables ! " ' "They haven't got any beer to drink, up at the house, Dick ; and we're dying of thirst," pleaded Mr. Snag, in an ill-used tone, " Run up to the nearest public-house and get two bottles, and I'll give you a.shilling for your trouble, and mind the place till you come back." " No yer don't !. -What's your, little game now ? " asked, the boy, suspiciously, "you haven't, got any pur'lonious intentions 'speçting the grub, have yer ? " "Honour bright, no,"'asserted Mr. Snag; "We only want, the beer." "And suppose the missus comes out, to look arter me, mean- while ?" pondered Dick. " Oh, I'll make that all right. She won't say anything if I tell her I sent you!" "I don't know that," argued the lad. "Now if it was only Mr. Claston as asked me-" "Bother Mr. Claston ! ' angrily broke in Mr. Snag, " he's in everybody's mouth." ; vHere, you jes^stow it ! ?*, interrupted' the -lad, quickly If ypU/Say, anything, about him again-, ¿'ll no,t.go at any price." ,'fj!t "No, no, we don't want to insult Mr. Claston, Dick, we only . want.the .beer," urged Mr. .Gushington; "and if you wish to go 'td the play with Mr. ,Snag's shilling, I'll give you another to pay.. your fare to Sydney and back." This artful temptation was too much for Dick, who offered to go provided one shilling-was paid on account, and the other , immediately on delivery of the beer ; and this covenant having been agr eed to by,all parties, he set off on his message. "Now's your time," hurriedly murmured Mr. Snag. "I slip- ped her-, in.-there when Dick was in,the-kitchen, a few minutes ago. I selected this place because nobody will be likely to ,¡ interrupt you, SJ 'make hay while the sunshines ' Don't be afraid,:-and mind, 'faint heart never won fair lady '-bless you ' my. friend, gp and prosper ; and don't forget Thorley Snag and , his sacrificed happiness. But, shall jl blight the joy of t wo . , young hearts ? perish the thought,'yoi^Û-you'll find her in the, . far .end, right-hand corner." . .. 1 " Thank you, Shag, thank you ! I'll not forget you," mur- mured his friend, who immediately disappeared among the ; interior darkness- haying the door shut and locked behind him., by the collector. . ; ? , . Mr. .Gushington found himself in : a similar situation to one; playing Blindman's¡Buff, and haying unwisely «turned round' two pr three times.,*,to catch whom he.might,', he speedily lost all perception of where ,' the far end, right-hand corner ' really was; ,:.:,-.-':. ?????? '??'>' His first attempt to discover its bearings was a wrong move, resulting in his putting one white-gloved hand on the breast of a cold repast duck, and shoving the other into an open-worked damson tart. Like a chess-player meeting with 'check,' Mr. Gushington paused to consider his next move, and this time succeeded in knocking over a tumbler and two cold fowls, a misfortune which confirmed a half-formed resolution of stating his case and offering his hand and heart from where he was. These erratic movements elicited a faint scream, from the object of his search, and decided him to speak at once:- " My dear young lady-I am no house-breaker," he began, feeling very like Rip Van Winkle-' wondering where he was ' -" but having unfortunately turned round in the dark, I find it impossible to tell where the far end, right-hand corner is, as described by my dear and valued, in fact, I may say, our mutual friend; but though I cannot see you with those organs of vision commonly called eyes, I can see you with the eyes of my mind, which travel unerringly to your image, as, as the earth-no-which is it? as the moon travels round the sun;" in proof of which assertion Mr. Gushington essayed another ramble, and capsized a plate of apples ; then, forsaking the astronomical for the nautical, he continued :-" It doesn't matter what part of the country I may be in-in fact, on the road or on the wave-but wherever you are, there the trade-winds of my affection waft my thoughts, and the compass of my love turns for ever." Mr. Gushington having 'madeup' a good deal of this ad- dress in his bedroom during the day, here paused to let his words have effect ; and also to remember his next ' hit.' "You must be aware of the admiration I have felt for you, the many times I have seen you in this house ? I have ---" con- tinued Mr. Gushington, resigning the nautical in favour of the botanical, "I have long felt that life without you would be like a garden without its sweetest flowers-a scene, only fit for . weeds and vegetables, and for the dark ivy of despair to cluster over the ruins of a broken heart ; but I can assure you, Miss, that heart is not broken at present, and that it is in its right place"-Here Mr. Gushington laid his hand on the place where he supposed it to be, as if to assure himself, as well:-"And if yours can respond to mine, and echo the feeling,- 'I love but thee,' then we shall be ' o'er the ills of life victorious, and happy and glorious,' as-as two cherries on one stalk." Mr. Gushington did not stop to explain what there was par- ticularly happy and glorious in the case of a pair of cherries; but he said it, in the first place because it sounded pretty, and secondly, be- cause he could not - think of anything better at the time. AU through ibis exposition of his feelings, his fair listener never offered a remark ; but now, from the darkness close to his elbow, there came a low hysterical kind of sob. "Don't cry, my darling," suggested Mr. Gushington, re- linquishing the astronomical, the nautical, and botanical, for- the matter of-fact and busi neBs-like -. " I am, as you know, a com- mercial trav- eller, and never did I lay out patterns and samples to in- tending buyers with half the pleasure that I now lay out this offer of marri- age before you. I love you dear- ly," and this ex- pression of my feelings is war- ranted to repre sent correctly the quality of the entire piece, and will bear favourable com- parison with any which may have gone before, or is likely to 1 come after it. Yes, Miss, my love is ah article warranted to wash, and my means are sufficient to make you a comfortable home, as far as money can do so. You have thought of marriage?" j "I have," murmured the lady. ?. " Sweet creature ! " said the commercial traveller, taking advantage of the answer to pilot his way to her side-" Don't think me presumptuous, but let ué sign the contract with a-" Mr. Gushington didn't say what, but, in the dark, seemed imitating the sound of a coachman's whip-more than once, too, as if he wished to improve byi practice. lt will now be necessary to state that when Dick Reardon returned with the bottled stout, Mr. Snag was nowhere to be found, and, of course Mr. Gushington was correspondingly invisible ; but when the boy had placed the beer on the window ledge in anticipation of their return, and was engrossed in the happy pastime of sucking the shilling he had earned, he became suddenly aware that something was wrong in the . commissa- riat department.' ;. The vague peregrinations of the unfortunate Mr. Gushington could not, indeed, pass unnoticed, and. Dick's hair bristled with horror as he thought of a robb^among the victuals. Again the tell-tale sounds fell upon his ea?, arid this timé mingled with the subdued noise of somebody talking. "There's two on 'em!" muttered the boy, "asking one another what'll they have, I shouldn't wonder. My eye, won't the old woman be in a fix, if the grub for suppers half gone. This comes of trusting that 'ere hartful old Snag, bless'd if I didn't think he was pitching, when he promised to stop. Hows ever, I must run and break the news to the Missus, for I ain't going to chance a knife into my ribs for half-a-crown a-week." Having arrived at this politic. conclusion, Dick Reardon de- parted to acquaint Mrs. Featherly with the awful catastrophe ; and broke the intelligence to that lady with such gentleness and tact, that not more than five or six of the feminine portion of the company screamed and fainted. . . The gentlemen of the party valiantly volunteered to take the unwelcome intruders into custody; lanterns were called for, weapons of offence or defence were snatched up, and the com- pany made a rush en moase for the scene of action : but when the summer-house was nigh at hand everybody modestly fell to the rear, as if -wishing for somebody else to take the lead. '* Don't shed any more blood than you can possibly help," whispered the kind-hearted landlady. " It isn't very pleasant to have one's bouse broken in- to, but, for the Bake of a little poultry, I shouldn't like any person to lose their lives." ?.Have they got any fire- arms, Dick ? " nervously in- quired a tall, pale gentleman, armed with a rake. " Not as I knows on," an- swered the boy. "Then do y ou open the door gently, while somebody holds a lantern," com- manded this self-constituted leader of the besiegers. This order was obeyed, and as the door swung softly on its hinges, the whole attacking party tumbled in one after ano- ther, like a flock of frightened sheep ; the light of half a dozen lamps filled the interior with * brightness, and disclosed in the * far end, right-hand corner,' not a pair of robbers, but Mr. Gushington "with his arm round the ' jimp, taper waist ' of Miss Fledgit. " Well ! " ejaculated Mrs. Featherly, in a tone that' implied her anything but satisfied with the scene, while the remainder of the frightened female group in the rear formed themselves into two parties, one asking the astounding question, "Did you ever?" and the other chorusing the reply, that "No, they'd never." And certainly the ill-fated commercial traveller (thanks to the treachery of Mr. Snag) was an object to be wondered at. At his feet lay strewn the result of his rambles, poultry, fruit, and shattered glasses ; on his head was a hat saturated with wet, hind part before, with the tail of a turban flapping over his eyes ; and on the left side of his white vest was a crimson impression, produced by his ' damsoned ' hand, when he indi- cated where his heart lay, and giving him the appearance of one of the celebrated * Red-handed Caves ' ot Australia. " Don't be vexed, Mrs. Featherly. Ladies and gentlemen, this matter wants a little explanation. And, ladies, I can assure you, an affair of the heart, nothing more. That I hav ta'en away this old-that is, Mrs. Featherly's daughter, it is most true." .. .ÍS., ^ * ? . "My daughter?" screamed Mrs. Featherly. Yes, my dear madam, don't be alar--Good gracious!" gasped Mr. Gushington, his gaze for the first time resting on the face of his insensible burden-"Miss Patience Fledgit. Who am /, then? Where am I and what's going to happen next? Somebody pinch me, or kick me, or something-for I'm in a wretched nightmare !" For any person to have turned a deaf ear to Mr. Gushington's appeal, would have been to have pleaded guilty to a direct want of heart; and Mrs. Featherly being especially moved at his misery, only gave him notice to quit, then and there. She fur- thermore ordered Miss Fledgit to leave the house immediately, in the care of her brother Tom ; and also gave directions to the lad, Dick Reardon, to gather up the scattered 'spread.' Summary justice having been thus administered, she turned with a bland smile to her guests, and begged them to resume their interrupted amusements, but the harmony of the evening was thoroughly disturbed, and the hitherto, mirthful company re- turned to the house, sad and sorrowful. When they entered the sitting-room, they discovered that the individual who played on the harp could play on a bottle of stout to some purpose, and that the violinist could perform on a decanter of pale brandy equally well; for the former had fallen through hi» harp-strings in such a helpless condition that he looked as if his head was in the pillory ; while the latter was seated on the floor on his ? fiddle, and was scraping an " overture with his bow on the leg of a chair. Under these circumstances, no other course remained than to hurry them down to the steamer under the guidance of ' Dick; and short- ly afterwards the majority of Mrs. Feather ly's guests de , parted, protest- ing they had spent "such à pleasant even- : ing!" When they ; had all gone, Mrs. Featherly ; gave herself up to such'a good cry,' and read. . her daughter'à. lecture full of < warning against- : Tom Fledgit. J Grace gave her« _ OOH ujy VU tCttlö, .with a slight *. show of defending Miss Fledgit's brother. Mr. Gushington : gave himself up to the harmless pastime of knocking his' ; brains out with a feather pillow. Mr. Snag gave himself i up to shaking his key and 'tuppence- ha'penny' in a high ^ state of enjoyment; and Bick Reardon gave himself up to' '. polishing his nose with the blacking-brush, and 'polishing^ 1 what was left of the eatables. 