THUESDAYj NOVEMBER 1, I860. IN tho Legislative Council, yesterday, Mr. DOCKER laid upon tho tablo further correspon- dence respectingtho postal service, and a report frote tho Eu; inoerin-Chiof, respecting tho propriety of mulling Trial Bay a harbour of rofuge. Ia answer to a question from Mr. Towns, Mr. Docnita stated this Government had communicated with tho Government of Queensland respecting tho recontmenda tions of tho select committee of tho House, in ISO j., to erect lighthouses on Seal Bock Point and on South Solitary Island, and tho reply wns a promiso to com- municate tho viows of that Government on tho Bubject, which lind not yet been done. The financial position of tho Now South Wales Government had provonted them from talcing any action in tho mnttor yet. Tho House, after a good deal of confution, weat into committco for tho reconsideration of tho Gith clause of tho 6heep Disenso Protection Bill. Tho clause waa amended, and the adoption of the report was directed to stand an order of the day for to-morrow (this dav) The Common Lodging IIouso Hill was read a second time Tho House ndjournod at half-past 7, until 4 o'clock this doy. Tun resurrectionists who, in tito Assembly, on Tuesday night, disinterred sundry buried and almost forgotten protectionist fallacies, proved the vitality of old delusions nnd the oare with which minds of a certain olass hoard the shut- tered fragments of exploded errors. To think- ing, intelligent people, who have emancipated themselves from doctrines like those- of pro- tection-which were once popular meroly because they were plausible-the spectaclo presented by those who continue to advocate them is just as absurd as if they wore con- tending that the sun revolved round the earth, or that the stars were merely lamps hung in the sky. It is useless to reason with such people. They prefer to believe tho deceptive evidence of their senses, notwithstanding the clearest proof that the appearances upon which they roly aro manifestly falso. They ses a number of unemployed people, and they seo largo quantities of imported goods, and they come to tho conclusion that if tho further importation of the goods was prohibited tho community would bo benefited, bocauso many of tho idlo would i engage in producing them. Tho idea has an aspect of benevolence and patriotism about it which, however spurious, serves to commend itself to many who feel a strong desire for the welfare of their neighbours, , Protection is, in fabt/with tho majority of those who advocate ir, more a matter of sentiment than of reason -the ^offspring of a tender heart rather than a lound head. If itsdelusions could be dissipated by reason they would long stneo havo ,been annihilated. But tho protectionist supersti- tion, like tho belief in witchcraft or in ghosts, lingers in holes and corners, and, like other delusions, continues to survive the progress of knowledge and enlightenment, and is indeed sometimes found in. full possession of minds otherwise perfectly sane. Tho.sincerity of its advocates has doubtless contributed 'in no small degree' to its ability to maintain a sort of «pasmodio existence, long subsequent to tho time when, according to all reasonable rules, it . ought to have' been' deadend buried. Under, tho influence of the sonti mentai, galvanism which its friends seem ready to apply whenever they gc6 a chance, it is not improbable that, like a jack-in-the-box, protection ' may jump np occasionally for jr cars to come. Given ft b ad season or two and a failure in crops, or a period 'of " stagna":' ti on in trade and oonsoquont distrosB, j with a few boaevolent_persons devoid of tho j know,-, ledge of ooonornio laVs, and we havo tho clements "of "a "protectionist party, nround which tho selfish and.the ignorant mayiindue time be oxpeotcd to cluster. ' 'A It ia not our intention now to go into any lengthy arguments, against protectionist theories j--we, shall confine oursolvosito tho statement of a few facts concerning rhattors which have been strangely misunderstood or misrepresented. In advocating a protectionist tariff for this colony tho example of America is put forward as one that ought to bo fol- lowed-aa affording, ia fact, a oaso exactly in point, and therefore conclusive. It would be easy to show, that protec- tionist theories are fast declining in America, and that high duties are now maintained there, not from choice or as a matter of policy, hut from necessity to meet the heavy expendi- ture occasioned by tho late war. But it is not now necessary to do this. Wo aro evon willing to allow, for the sake of argument, that a protective policy might have been suit- able to America. The case of tho protec- tionists, so far as it applies to New ' South Wales, would not be advanced one jot b'y such an admission; for the circumstances ;of the two countries aro so different that they have hardly a single attribute in common, America is an aggregate of great States of tho^widest diversity in character and productions,] .many of them much larger than most European kingdoms, and somo of thom separated by thousands of miles from the others. These great States aro in reality so many different' countries, joined together; under one Federal Government. In climate, in soil, in productions, in: tho character and habits of their people, somo of tho) Pta'es differ from each other to a far greater degree than they do from Great Britain or than Britain does from other European countries. Thirty-five millions of people, spread over every variety of soil, engaged'in almoát''every kind of pursuit, and embracing tho] widest, varieties of human character, existing un der thc most diverse circumstances, aro almost a world in themselves. They might venture to shut out tho proJuctions of other lands with comparative impunity. Protection under such varied conditions would bo deprived of its most malignant attributes. For in what way can tho shoemaker or cabinetmaker in San Francisco, whose productions havo to compoto with tho manu- factures of Massachusetts or Now York, be said to be protected ? In what way is the coachmaker, tho engineer, or the implement maker of Cincinnati or New Orleans protected from the competition of tho enterprising men" of Boston or Philadelphia? How aro the .grain, growers bf .. ConucctidutLor i New ITamp shire protected from tho produce of thc prolific soil of tho Western prairies? ? In fact, protection, in tho sense in which it is asked .for in this' colony, dooB not exist in America, and has never jet existed in any country in the world. Protection, as it exists in America, is much the samo as if Great Britain herself and all her, colonies were united in a mighty customs league What protection would ic be to the artizan of Sydney or of Maitland to have high dattes levied on goods coining from j foreign countries, while tho productions of Britain and . her fifty colonies nero ad- mitted duty free ? Yet that would be exaotly similar to tho position in which the people of every town and district in Amerioa are placed. That is precisely the condition of things which tho colonial advocates of pro- tection ignorantly hold up as an I induce- - ment for protecting native industry-an example for us to follow ? But thc lesson taught by the example is in reality precisely' tho reverse of what they allege. No single town, or district, or state of America is protected from the competition of more than thirty millions of people scattered over a great continent. Did Chicago ever ask for protection from New York ? Did Savannah ever ask for protection from Charles- ton ? Did San Francisco ever ask for-, protec- tion against Boston ? Never. Nothing so preposterous ever entered tho minds of their people. Why, then, is America quoted as an example to us ? Why are tho people.of Sydney ti be protected from tho competition of their brothers or cousins in Melbourne, or Birmingham, Northampton, or Nottingham ? For the people of a single coIony~-a mero handful-less than tho population bf many, American or English towns-to seek to ex- clude the productions of their relatives and. neighbours - people of thc Bamo blood, language, and laws-would prcsont a spectacle so disgraceful, so cowardly, so selfiah, and re- trogressive that thoy would be a reproach to the raco from which they have! sprung. Without pretending to a greater degree of insight into futurity than falls to tho lot of ordinary mortal?, one might safely prediot of such a, people that, if their wishes wera gratified, half-a dozen generations would reduoo them to a condition very little suporior to that of tho aborigines. It is of thc greatest advantage to young and distant communities to have thc full benefit of tho genius, inventions, improve- ments, and appliances of the people of older nnd moro advancod countries. To i shut tho door against the ingress of these things would be to refuse to take advantage of tho greatest benefits within reach. It would be putting a tax on talent and offering a premium to stupidity. If restrictive laws had been enforced a quarter of a century:! since, in what condition would Australia have stood nt the present moment? It is no. exaggeration to say that every now machine, every improved appliance, every advanco in mechanics and-science, has been of .foreign origin . We, aro indebted to England ' or America-and.more especially tho láttor-r-for almost every advance wo have made in the working of - metals, or wood, or leather; or cloth ; for all improvements in mining, manu- facturing, or travelling-for now'agricultural implements, shipping appliances, and handi- craft tools. Shall we spurn tho idea of future progress and retrograde into barbarism, or shall wo endeavour to keep abreast ofthe rest of the world? Tho protectionists tell us to; take the formor course, tho free traders the I latter. . .' - . ' 'Sba tame paper of tho 15th BAVB:-'i'bo largest, escort jet returned from the Wuime» district, nrrivad ia torn on Saturday night. Tko quantity of gold brought dowe amounted to SHOO ounce«, beipg the fortnightly return, ... ... J 