THEATRE ROYAL. There was a good attendance at the Theatre Royal last evening, when Mr. Collins appeared for the second time during the season in the celebrated comedy His Last lens. The " O'Callaghan" of Mr. Collins is by no means one of his host impersonations, but it is nevertheless a strong piece of acting, and the piece is so full of grotesque business and intensely comic dialogue that it can never fail to amuse an audi onco,anditkoptthospoctator.soflastovoiiinginroiirsof laughter from beginning to end. The nautical drama of lien the limitation was the concluding item of the programme, and Mr. Holloway made a great hit with his part of "Bon Botvliiio." This page belongs to a class of dramas, which have not been much produced in Hobart Town during the past year or two, and their introduction at the present juncture is accompanied by a certain decree of novelty, which lends after action. The son; of the " Red White and Blue" last night was sung by Mr. Holloway in the style of a genuine British tar, and elicited most enthusiastic, applause. The other characters of a lengthy cast were well sustained by the company. To-night the pieces announced are The Irish Attorney, The Happy Man, and Brother Ben. CLARENCE The CLarence Rifle Association have selected their squad to (fire for the Government prizes, under the " Regulations 144, of the 13th. August, 1860." And have appointed Friday next the 10th instant, at 10 o'clock sharp, for the match. WHAT is " FtmMTURK f" This question was raised yesterday, in an insolvency case before the Commissioner, in reference to the allowance of furniture by the creditors of a petitioner. It was submitted by Mr. Cansdell, counsel for an adverse creditor, that a pianoforte, included in the inventory of effects, was not an article of furniture within the meaning of the Act, although he said he had not had time to look into cases on the subject. The learned Commissioner promised to investigate the point, observing, however, that it was very much in the discretion of the creditors what they would allow to their insolvent debtors. THE AUSTRALISIAN Tmti' REGISTER 1868-7.-Wo have received a copy of this publication, which is full of information the subject of which it treats, and will, no doubt, he acceptable to many. It is well got up, and extends to more than two hundred pages of closely printed matter. its market price on the cover is liiiU'a crown dirt cheap for the size and style of the work. Onvrouio on THE MESSIAH. We remind our musical readers that the first practice of this Oratorio (to be performed on Christmas Eve will take place at the Town Hall. at 7 o'clock this evening. We are also requested to state that additional vocalists will be welcome. LETTERS postal yesterday insufficiently _ stamped : Chirrios Quin! Hamilton ; Mr. J. Hall, jun., Post Office, New Town ; II. Baynton, Esq Sandy Bay. EXTEUTAINMBNTAT BitioiiTON'.-An mini-tour musical entertainment is to be given at Cavey's Hotel, Bi'ighton,to-morrowovoning,hy the original Amateur Christy Minstrels, in spite of the funds of St. Matthew's Gliiiroii. Tickets can be had at Mr. Carey's. MECHANICS'' INSTITUTE-The closing lecture of the session, which was postponed from Thursday last, is to be delivered this evening, by the Hon. A. Kennerley, Esq., M.L.C on Progress." The WESLEYAN Disi'aicTMcuTi.vo.-Tho annual meeting of the ministers and stewards of the Wesleyan body in Tasmania is being held this week at Melville-street chapel, under the presidency of the Rev. W. A. Quick, chairman of the district. The niiitucialanduamericulstate of thodcnomiuatioucoincs under review at this meeting, and measures are adopted for promoting the home mission and other work of the church. What the Australasian Conference is to the Wesleyan churches in those colonies, the district meeting is, in some respects, to the different Wesleyan churches in Tasmania. INQUEST.-The adjourned inquest since the 7th inst. touching the death of Thomas Crump, a hawker, aged about 46 years, was held yesterday afternoon at the Eagle Hawk Inn, in Elizabeth-street, before A. 'B. Jones, Esq., Coroner, and the jury previously sworn, of which Mr. John Anderson was foreman. The evidence of Mr. William Page, farmer, residing at Constitution Hill], near Green Ponds, near whose residence deceased fell from his cart, was taken. Mrs. Elizabeth Page, wife of the latter witness, who saw the occurrence, said she was alone at the time ; she called her husband, and they immediataly rendered him every available assistance and treatment at their disposal, having had him removed into their house, Mr! Page proceeding iiiimcdiiitolv to Green Ponds for Doctor Hope, whose medical treatment deceased received daily while he remained at Mr. Page's. Juno Oriimp, widow of deceased, gave evidence as to his state when she visited him after the occurrence at Mr. Page's ; her removing him from there, to his late residence in Hobart Town, where he died three days afterwards. Dr. Ebenezer Atherton was examined, and stated that deceased died from " paralysis of the loss" arising from injury to the spinal chord, produced by some external violence. Such a result would follow from a fall upon the hold. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death, through falling from a cart, causing a mortal injury to the spine and paralysis of the Ghost. AiiTici.KD CLERKS' ASSOCIATION.-Mr.Camdcll will deliver a lecture this evening, in the Royal Exchange Rooms, Macquarie-street, on " The language and construction of legal documents." E EARTHQUAKE AT pAtH. On the morning of Sept. 14th Paris was visited by an earthquake. Not less than five or six oscillations are credibly reported to have been felt in the city and its on irons about n q Hurt or past 5, their direction being from south to north. A resident of St. Cloud writes that his bed and furniture were shaken, and that his bell rang so violently, that he got up to upon his door and found that many of his neighbors had done the Hinno. Thora the movement was from east to west. The Observatory also reported Homo slight shocks at Limoges and Sanmur, and the Journal de Ihnen mentions that the uartliciu'iko was likewise fail in that city. Further pititieulii't's tend to show that the iioiipijotfon was much more serious than was at first supposed. At Paris it was chiefly felt in the 10th aiTQwlissouiqnt (Passy), where a house in the Hau Mqliein was so alarmingly shaken that the mints ran out into the street in a fright, The house has since.) been reported in a dangerous state. At Boulogne and Auteuil the floors communicated a rocking motion to thobmls.aud glasses and plates were knocked together. At Moiitrotoiit (St. Cloud), Yillo.d'Avray, Mayors, Siusesuui, Yurros, Bruntty, Motigonm, Curtail, &c;, similar disturbances were experienced. But from the accounts that have now reached us it would appear that the commotion was felt all over the west of France. Several accidents are reported to have taken place. 