POLITICAL. Whenl the summary for last month was published it haud not trnspired who were to compose the new Ministry, but the day after we learned by teolgram that Sir Richltrd Dry wasColonial Secretary and Premier, Ir. T. D. Chapman Colonial Treasurer, and Mtr. V. L. Dobson Attorney-General. Mr. Weedon lhaving resigned his seat in 'the Legislative Council, writs were issued simultanneusly:for the return of two members for thll T~nir, Sir Ricliard Dry vacating his seat in con sequence of having accepted office. Sir Richard Dry and Mir. Isaac Sherwin were returned without opposltiori. Mr. Dobson was threatened with a contest, but the as. pirant, Mr. A. AM. Johnson, could not find a person to second his iiomnination, and there being no other candidate, Mr. Dobson was returned. Not so with Mr. Ohmlnnan-Mr. John Lorl was induced to stand, and, a lihe could not speak for himself, thie ex-Treasurer and ox- Attorney-General, with bhal taste, and the outrage of all decorum, bocanm the chief spokesmen at his electioneering meetings. No consideration for the welfare of the colony, which had at last secured the services of a maIL who ndelrstoodl flitance, was allowed to interipose between personal spite and its object. That Mr. Chapman would be opposed when he sought re-election was only to be expected. Ho is a manil of too much mark in the legislature for his personal and political enemies to be restrained by ordinary scruples from seeking to eject him. But that thty-they, the tiinistcrs whol had just been ejected from office, would be his prominent assailants-that they would be found itinerat ing the capital for the entertainment of miscellaneous gatlherings collected in opposi tion to MIr. Chalpmn'ss return; that at such gatherings thley should have poured forth' invective, abuse, privatO and political slander, and degraded theimselves to the base or dirty work which only the very scavengers of party, paid tools taid hirelings, elsuwhere undertake and execute in tile shade a-s much Io they can-all this evinces a prostration of character on the part' of public menu which' augurs badly for thle future of our parlil incntary government: The failure or success of such tactics-of such at cousse of conduct does not affort tihe view taken' of "i. -,The tendencies which lower political life among'st us are too maniy-the countervailing in fluences to such tendencies are too few-for us to look otherwise than dqjectedly upon every new downward indication of sentiment among our public men, even though for the occasion the sacrifice of good taste or the violation of principles nmay have failed to ac osmiplish its object. Thi fact survives-it does so in respect to the Iobalrt Town elec tion-that the departure fromn decency has not been condemned with thle emphasis it should have jlcen, and that what Ile been tolerated once will in all probability be re garded as quite proper on a subsequent occa snin. Ex-Ministers nmay pursue their osc cessors through the public houses open to thelm at an election, inflaning the mob and themselves also in the lowest school of strife -a fit preparation for the Parliamentary arena I The chivalrous courtesy which characterises the relations of higluninded rivals when they are outside the circle of their ordinary conflicts-the courtesy which is exhibited even by common pugilists to wards lech other-this is to have no plaes whatever allowed it nccording to the party ethics of Messrs. Wlhyte, Meredith, and Miller. Pursue to the death, irrespective of anly code -which stands in the way of that result, in the ring or outside it, by means fair or foul, the man who is politically ob noxious. War to the knife, open or con cealed, whichever is imost likely to be sue cessful. Acorrespondent on the uspot haiugraphi cally described how the thing was done " Lord, you must know, after the last election, the general one, though h he ul been dragged inlto it against his will, was excessively mor titled at\ being rejected, and in hlle moment of disappointment said he would nrther haive lost, sole say aI thlousalnd, others two thou i?nad, tholu such Ian event' should have hap pened. His friend, ever on the alert, took him at his word, iand some say extortesl on the nioment a written authority for his nomi nation at as future pieriod tlhey conlidlently looked forward to. Lordl subsequently cooled uand would have had nothing to do with Parliamient, but the same friends pur sueod him, and lie lial - been made a spectacle niglht-after night before the electors of Holbrt Towsn, Meussrs. Whyte, Meredith, and Co., pelforiming their gyrations around him, the piece endling at one or another public house in'this city. Still, the fight was a hirl one, itid the couple of hundred pounds which Mr. lTord haud limited himiself to as his election expenses would lhave beec' frlitless. So late as Fridaty night report 'says that Chapman's fiiends were confident, and with reason. But late on Saturlly and oui .sunday a fresh im pulse was received the effect-of 'whicht was quickly visible. More money was' spent, mlure beer ws~ts being consumed, more pub= lican enthusiasm was visible, lund it was cur rent thati all the public houses had been en gugediforLslrd. Thie myoteryy'now was, who wasu bleeding I There is no "VWar\ick " now ill I-Iolbrt Town. The ex- Ministers were genicrally conuidelred to be done up; Mr. Degraves . was apparoettly- keeping aloof ; from what source, then, descended the Pactolus streamti the effects of which could not be mistaken I I give you the current answer. Family pride was cdlled out idoann aged relative, in whom nocone could have imagined the fires of party to be alive if site had ever been their bode, andl down came one thousand, or as some say two thousand, to insure the triumph of John Lord. Prac tised hands wore not wanting for the distri bution of so handsome ia stun, and the tmdo of the publican, and of the jingle driver, ?ard cabmen received one clay's stinuilus, while many a man, it is believed, found yesterday that an election day is pecuniarily far the most profitible in a year. But the ballot- how was that.got over 1 What difliculty is insurpumblo to mortals l A. isa trusted agent outside the jpolling-place. B. is an elector with an itching palm just arrived to give his vote. A a; d B. have a little private and con fidential convoersation, andl B. enters the poll big place with ita lpaper neatly doubled, ts liko'as two pins to each otlher tio ,tlp.?ting paper he receives insidp the polling pliace That blank imitation paper he dirops as' nlis voting paper, bringing back with hint the genuine voting paper, fromn wllleir' is erased: the name of the obnoxious caudidato, and this proper voting paper is manded to the next voter in the satoe line of business, who in his turn brings back tire papelr supplied to him in the polling place, and so on ad irinaitami, or at least until eloctola of this kidneiy are exhausted." At the general election Mr. Chaipmau polled 870, Afr. Lord 000; on the present occasion Mr: Cihapman polled 800, and Mr. Jolhn Lord the unpartlalleled numbnr of 1100. Mr. Clhapman is still without it seat, but it is to be hoped that the country will not be de prived of his services in thire capacity which no other person could so well and clliciently discharge. Dr. Crowtlher has resigned,. inisten are evidently the favorites of tortune I Wu congurtulate them on something better thili anl Itceossioi to their Hinks of half-a-dozenr supporters in the Assembly. They have got rid, by lis own silly act too, of ani exacting, impractieable, and presumptuous ally whom no concessions that they could Ihav made would have satisfied, while they would inevit ably have brought upon Ministers tllemselves tihe arinmadverion of honest rand sensible politicians. Dr. Crowther ias resigned his seat for Hobart Towni. HIo was returned at thre Iead of the"poll, and aweuined that he was thereby entitled to tile premiership, or to a sent in the Cabinet at least. Nobody else thought so. IHlad any question arisen, or rather had tire question of what tire repulsed applicant for a place in the Administration would be likely to do been of suflicient im portance to occupy anybody's attention during tie late contest for the representation of Hobart Town, it would not Iave escaped attention tlat Dr. Crowther wans thu chlir man at mout of M3r. Chapman's district meet ings, and from this it night lave been inferred that he was pacified or restored to a reasonable mul proper state of mbid. On tire contrary, however, as subsequent events prove, it would scom as if tihe doctor considered that ire hadn been rendering suchl services as to overcoime ll just olbjection to his being admitted to thle Cablinet, and having boon disaplpoinlted ire has resigned his s~tt ill a pet, and exposed hiim self to general derision-by writing a letter. Tihe infatuation wlich could lead to tIe puib lication of such an address is that which the sulky ex- momber has penned to his late con stituents in explanation of his desertion of the post to which they hand elocted hint has sonme thing akin to disease in it. IHe tells them that " in conjunction with others ire was ire pared to accept any amount of responsibility, a lirge share having as it were by common consent been assigned to him not in anr indi-= vidual capacity ; and in order to Irievont any chince of misarriage Ihe felt assured that it was absolutely necessary that tire Cabinet, wllen fanmed, should be constructetld upon a broad basrs and with newe elements in order to rendller certain thie inititiation of measures inm peratively demanuded by the country." Thi cloudiness of this verbiage we give the doctor tihe credit of believing was not undesigner . lie must have felt ia blush rising on his cheek as tile sentiment which prompted his pen had to be put in terms that would pass muscer with others who could scarcely be expected to share ill his extcravaganlt self.esteem. Whmat Ire ricarns is that his being at the head of the poll in tile metropolitan election entitled him -was in fact an election in right--to not a seat merely in the House of Assemnbly, but in the Executive Council, whether those sitting there by arny other right liked it or not'! cc I'respective," however, of these grounds Dr. Crowther " was of opinion that tire Cabinet should be so organised as to secure a fill representation of $outlerni intereste." As to tihe memning of this there cmn be no doubt. It is a bid with which we have be come familiar for that support which can be extracted troui local prejudices or jealousics. Are we in Anmerica or in Tnasrni t 1 We cal unnderstand tihe conflicts of sNorth and South ill the forerl, but we. sllould like to know what we intiho North expect to seek that involves tie most insignificant cost or pirojudice to any class or individual in tire southern part of this colony. And how 'are tirhe members of thie present Ministry more noitllern than southlern in the synmpathies by hliich:thley are animatedhI Sir dlichard Dry, indeed-a third of. tihe- Cabinet --has lis proinperty in tie North ; but Mcr. CJllapmmn is ia Hlqbart Town merchant, with till his interests' whetler of busineiss or fiunily in Hobart Town, uant tile ortne is the case with 11?i. Dobson, .who represents ti midland con stituency. The fact is, i)r. Crowtler believes that every Ian in Parliuament is lan idiot, alid that he is tile only Solon in the world, antd Ie hasi beenr outvorted. cMr. J. A. Dmlci,.. of tire Cern mnrrcLd Bank, Ilns conented to become a coandilato for the City. Mr. Dobson's indictmenrt of thire late Minis try was drawn up in thle mildest terms. A tuore inblachile, ignorant, and unscrulpulous crow could not beo collected. The liamuge they have done to the country cannot hb utimnatcd. Thoy had only ono object inllview -thu retention of place and u pay at any price. They would have ruined the colony' without a pang if they could have perpetu ated the receipt of their own salaries. All their schemes were tentative, and when ftil ure becauo apparent in one direction they were prlepared to try another experiment. Tihe latest project was directly in the teeth of their profession-to ahbide by fixed customs duties, no incornme or property tax, retrench. ment to bring down the expenditure to the revenue, and reproductive works. They pro posed to nmie one-half the revenue by meanus of an income and property tax. In England for war purposes it wia only' fifteen per cent of the revenue, while here, with peace, it was to be imposed to to the extent of fifty per cent. of the revenue. Their plan to secure prosperity was to take off £60,000 of t·ixes, and 'to inmpose'£109,000 I 'To add £40,000 in taxes is a queer way of advancing tile intelrest of, a country. They never attempted reduction but increased the ex penditure. After the verdict of the country' had been given att tile recent elections, and while they were provisionally holding olliceo they added to the hunrdetn of the colony £1,300 a year il theo shape of peunions to men who had no ehlimt on the hard-carned gains of frugal and self- denying colonists. A reduction of £22,000 in depaortental expen diture was promised, but the ghost of it hias not appeared. The late Colonial Treasurer -" the young financierl'-" the illmpudent baby"-on 23rd Jiultary 18113, sid-"d It will be tile duty of myself and tmy colleaues to endeavor to adjust the expeLnlituro to the reveanue, and to provide mleatns for meeting tile payment of debt.in arrear; and thist not by an inlcome or property tax, bnt a systeao of fixed duties ont imports." In 1804 they told the HIouse there would he a surplnus of £6000; ibut there vnas a deficiency of £20,000 which was added to the debt of the colony. Int 1805 they Iassed the succession dlutics, uand created a new establishnitnt, and saitd tlhere would be it deficiency of £17,000, Ibut it was found to ile double or £34,000. Under their auspices tihe public debt alll incre.sed to between eighty and ninety tlhousanld, land they hIad utterly failed in their finances. Mr. Dobson asserted that mnen on his side of tile House were pltidg.d to retrencelunlct. He let fall weighty utternces when Ite o said -" Men ihad,to economise in private matters, tnid so tlhey mulst in public ; lIe went in for retrenchmnct, something d(tring, something thorouglth ald substantial.!' These words will be kept ii recollection, and we hope tlhe new Attorney-General will redeeo tihe pledge ie has voluntarily given. The reduc tion of tioe ptrice of wanto land has beenla dils coorigetnlelnt to settlement, and tlte aplpoint ment of Clstoms officers aIt petty ports was inmpolitic and Ilighly censurable. At Swan sea aI collector was pallid £125 for receiving duties amounting to £1 Os. 19d. We con gratulato the country tlhat it hls been re lieved of a set of needy, seedy, and greedy itnceciles-incompetent, incapable, and only selfish. Retrenchment hams been initiated, al thile Ministry have commenced at tile right place -with tllir own salaries. Tihe salary of future Governors will he materially iminilshed, iuand by. consolidation and reduc tions in establlshments something consider able may be dlone. Mr. Chapman's meno randutn gives a clear and distinct statement pf the financial alitir of the colony on his acceptanceo of office. The debenture nuthlo risel for the. mis-namletl rcproductive works not iha(ing been issued, £20,579 17. 8d. iad Ieen taken from the Land Fund. Of this £14,600 14s. '8d. was for public works, £5979 3s. for the ordinary expenses of go oermnment. The sum of £10,639 0s. 6d. was owing to two local banks which ilad refilsed to make further advances even tit ten per cent., while a foreign establislnment would only ad. vance £10,000 at thnree or six monttlls' call otn deposit of £15,000 of debontures in secci rity to be disposed of nt( any price tlley mnighlt bring at tile expiry of tile terml of thle loan. Tile deficiency on tlhe genenl revenue for 1865 amounted to £39,511 1i. 4d., and for tihe year 1866 the estimated deficiency amounted to £22,799 128. 8d., which to gather makes £62,310 14s. To nmeet this by 211 Vie., No. 3, '15tht Sept. .£17,000 and by 29 Vic., No. 37, 20th Sept. £17,700 \- r - £27,700 debentures were authloried to be issuted. To meet the existing delbt -Jr. Chapmant -recotnnleuds that debentures to the extent of .£24,000 chtargeable on tile general tevenue shoutld see ias11edl at lshort dates, say 1808 antl 1869, whiclh would be negotiable at once and thus relieve the Treasury fromn tenllpontry embarrassment. Mr. Ohaplnllnl, lowuver, folund that deboutures tq the extenlt of £34,9080 fall due in 1867, and lie recon lends that IParliamenlt shllould tit once sanction the issue of £35,000 to meet tile obligation. Thiese recommelltndations wetr siubsequenltly adlopted by Parliamennt before it adjournelld, If anll inheritance of dilifiltiaes utalblishes in behalf of those to whom it has filleC any title to forbelrance - nd considenation, assuredly Sir R. Dry's Administration mnay claimi seuch forbearanuce. On coulsing into oflice they find tile Government ovenlntfts at' tlhe banks ietachitng to about £11,000- p.tlynients right and left to public creditors epostponed-the baiks gcnentlly declining flurther accolnlltioat , lan excleption being tile lank of AIlistnl-hsl, whllich, howeve'r, stilpulates that for an aldvance of £i10,001 it miust receivo £15,000 in public soelrities (a a pledge I They ihtl an etxleltnlitute goilg on considlcrbly it excess of einlnrt trevltll(, and toebenttures nunarketahblu while the otn gagoments for whlich they' were provided na1 comulgg upon the Governmcnt finom day to day. MIureover, looking at the past, they discovor that ill 1B05 the revenuu was insuf licielto to Corer the oxplmulitllurc-ovlen after thle lat Ministry hain obtained fromn Parlia mltn its saIetion to a loan of L17,000-by the sum off'22,511. It other words, that year's deficiencies amounlted by the tdmnission of the ox-linisters to £39,511. And in res pect to 18011, the defiociooy is at this time, or to speak more correctly was in" September last, nstimaled at £12,099, after the repre hensible expedient of a loan had been re sorted to for £10,700, leaving thile deficiency properly at £22,791 ; or probably when accounts are finally made Iup, considerably in excess of tiht 5Mn1. Such i, state of atflitis in it counttry the colmmerce ind internal in dlusty of which are lt the best of times limited in chlarcter, but which of Into years lhavoe een in uninterrupteld decadence, might well appal stout hearts, and certainly enltitles the neow Ministry to every considerationll. And so fir it decisive majority in the Honse of Aselnhbly and tlid Legislative Colincil tlnanilnonsly have extended it. To hlave dlone otherwise would have beeIn aniidal. As Mr. Inncs properly contended, whatever latitude might be allowed to party conflict it would lave been unpardtolable if it s?usnetlm a form which tended to weaken putblic credit. Parliament t ha adjourned until the 15th January. By that time Ministers maly he expctetd to have resolved on, mul to be in a position to nulounce, the general outline of the policy by which they proeplce to restore the finances and obviate the recurronce of mischievous deficencies tud resorts to loans. For the preparation of bills to aarry out that policy of colurse delay of two or threeo months will Ite accorded by the Legislature. An ebnhusiastic meeting waas held at Lauln ceston on Friday evening, thie tlloyr ill tile chair, to sympathise withl Sir Richaird Dry in the position in which lie Ias been so unfairly placed, and to express confidence in his poll tical integrity, and a hlope tliat thle colony may haive the full weight of tis administna tion by a sait being secured fir Mr. Chapman illn tlhe House of Assenbly. M?: John Crookes, M.H.A., generously placed himself in tlhe hands of hIls constituents. He was prepareod to resign Ihis seat il favor of Mr. Chapman, if suchl wasl thelir wish, and this Iould hoe expressed by a dlcullelnt signed by so large ita Itjority of voters that tihe election at Mr. Chapman would be seacnre. Hoe did Iot wish to resign lunllcss it was their will and pleasurno, but he believed that in doing so he would do more good tlan if lie kept his seat. However, lshould a vacancy occur lie would lb ghlad to lie their representative again. The large ieeting may he asaid to lave been co .uanlltiious, and a rrequisition is now iii course of signature to itr. Chaplan. 