CONSECRATION" OF THE BISHOPS OF MAIT- LAND AND UATIIURsT. On Tuosday tho Moat ROT. Dr. Murray, and tho Moat Hov. Dr. Quinn woro consecrated respectively Bishops oC Mnitlaud and Bathurst, Australia, by his Graco, tho Archbishop of Dublin, in tho pro-Cathodral Mnrlborough-streoL Within tho memory of mon still living there woro only a fow small Catholic missions on tho great Australian continent. nearly equal in site to Europa. Tho progress of tho Australian colonies bocamo greater and groator every doy, and a prodigious impulso was given to it by tho discovery of thc gold-fields and tho high price of labour. At on carly period somo missionary priests settled down amidst tho Catholio populations and established missions, which grow so rapidly that frequent and urgent demands had to bo mado to this country for priests tb 'supply tho spiritual necessities of an ovor- incroasingpeople Places that bad not been known a fow years boforo Locarno tho centres of what aro now great cities, and where humblo priests preached tho Gospel in tho wilderness to thoir Bcnttercd flocks the Church is now ruled by prolates, who presido over a faithful, zealous, and dovotcd clcrpv ; and where tho rudo wooden shanty stood, in which tho solemn rites of tho old faith wcro celebrated, tho cross* bearing spires of tho Btatcly cntbodral arise and speak of tho great work which has been nehioved, and tho groat victory for God that has been won. Thoso whom tho. loroof gain induced toloavo Ireland for Australia woro few whoa contrasted with thoso who emigrated (hero to seek a homo and indepondonco in thoir old ago, and a placo whero tho rights of their labour would bo respected und protected. From sea- ports at this and at tho othor Bide of tho Ohannol vessels crowdod with omigrnntB Bailed overy day for tho different settlements in Australia, and tho constant How of tho great human tide into tho now country was tho causo of tho establishment of young settlements, dostincd in a short timo to grow into great importance Maitland aud Bathurst, peopled by tho emigrants from Sydney, from which both placea lio at nonrly oqual distances in opposite directions. From thoso and six othor districts applications were mada to tho Propaganda for prolates, and, in nccordnnco with these applications, tho Most Rov. Dr. Murray was nominated Bishop of Maitland, and tho Moat ftov. Dr. Quinn (biothor of tho Bishop of Brisbane) was named Bishop of Bathurst, and tho bulls for thoir consecration wcro rcooivod some days since by his Graco tho Archbishop of Dublin, who lixed Tuesday last, tho feast of St, Lauronco O Toólo, and patron of tho diocese, for thoir consecration. Tho limo arrangod far tho commencement of tho ceremonies was ten o clock, but long boforo that hour had arrived ovory part of thu pro-cathedral not sot apart for tho prelates and olorgy was donsoly crowdod by a con- gregation sot only anxious to witness ono of tho znoBt and booomo tho Bees of biBkoj .oleína and imposing ceremonials of tho ritual, but also to pay ovory mark of respect and revorenco to tho two good 'priests who bad Leen ecleotcd for tba very high honour which' was conferred on thom by ' iho* lineal successor of him whoso festival it was. Within tho sanctuary at tho Gospel sido" a temporary altar waa erected for tho bishops elect, and tho high altar wno 'decorated as'on groat festivals Shortly after ten o'olock a procession having boon formed in tho side chapel of St. Kovin, it entorcd tho church in tho following order:-First carno tho students of Holy Cross Collego, headed by cross bearers, acolytes, and thurifor, then th» students of All Hallows Collego, followed by thejalergjr arid dignitaries ; then tho Bishop elect of Bathurst;, tho Most Rev. Dr. Wholan, Bishop of Bom- bay, senior assistant prolate, tho Rov. Dr. Conroy, chaplain ; the Bishop elect of Maitland ; tho. Most Rov. D'. Murphy, Bishop of Uobarttown, junior assist aut prolato ; chaplain, tho Rov. Dr. Becchinor ; tho Most Rev. Dr. Nulty, Coadjutor Bishop of Meath ; tho Most Rov. Dr. Corrían, Coadjutor Bishop of Down and Connor; tho Most Rev. Dr. Uillooly, Bishop ot Elphin ; his Graco tho Archbishop of Dublin,, consecrating prolate, attendod by the Very Rev. Mon- signor Forde, V.G., and tho Very Rev. Monsignor Wood* lock. Rector Catholic University, assistant priests ; and tho Rev. Mr. M'Swiggin, mastor ot ceremonies. Tho abaplains of tho prelatos wera tho Rev. Dr. Doylo, CO., Atby ; tho Rov. Dr. Doylo, 00 , Leixlip, and the Rov. Mr. ODbnoghue. Amongst those present wore: Tho Very Rov.' Canon M'Cabo, V.O. ; Very ROT» Mgr. Fordo, V.G. ; Vory Rov. Mgr. Woodloek, Very Rov. tho Dean of Dublin ; tho Very Rov. Dr. Russell, President of Maynooth; tho Venerable Archdeacon, M'Dermott, tho Very Rov. Canon ' Roonoy, tho Very Rev. Canon Rod mond, the Very Roy. Canon Quinn, tho Vory ' Rov. Canon ' Popo, tho Very ROT. Canon Roche,. tho Vory Rov. Canon Leo, ° tho Very Rev.-Canon Kennedy, tho Very Rov. Canon Costigan, tho Very Rov. Canon Powor, tho Vory Rev. Canon Smithwick,. tho Vcry:Rov. Canon Lynch, tho Very Rov.. Canon. M'Mahon, tho Vory Rov. Canon Farrell, the Vory Rev. Canon Koogh, tho Vory Rev. Canon Byrno, tho Rev«. Miles M'Manus, P.l'. ; Rev. P. Rooney, P.P. ; Rev. C. Burko, P.P. ; Rov. Mr. Coleman, P.P. ; Rov. Mr. Doherty. P.P. ; Rov. Mr. Kavanagh, Prcsidont o£ Carlow CoIIogo ; Rev. Mr. Dunno, P.P., Kildoro ; Rev. Professor Conroy, All Hallows ; Rov. P. Nolan ; Rov. N. O Farrell, Rev. T. O Reilly, Rov. W. Murphy, Rev. P. O'Neill, Rev. J. Smith, Rov. T. Leahy, Rev. E. O'Connoll, P.P. ; Rov. Mr. Mullnlly, P.P. ; Hov. Mri. Barlow, P.P. ; Kev. W. Irwin, Rov. N. Donnelly, Rov. F. Doran, P.P. ; Rev. A. M'Garry, Bov. Miepol Brady, Rov. J. Daniol, Rov. C. Nolan", tho Very Ravi. Father Whito, O.P. ; Rov.T. O'Dwyer, P.P. j Rev. J. O'Hanlon. ULIS Urtica IOC Arcuuiauop liuviu^ uuuil lutvaivu with his full canonicals within tho sanctuary, and the prelates alcot having boon robed in tho vestments of priests celebrant, ovor which they wore splendid capes of cloth of gold richiv embroidered, and his Graco tho Archbishop having taken his seat in front'of tho altar, tho bishops elect were conduotcd by tho assistant pre latos to tho centre of tho sanctuary, when tho " senior" assistant pralato said-" Most Reverend Pother, Oar. Holy Mother tho Church demands of you to promoto thoso priests to tho' hoavy office of bishop," When tho consecrating prelate said " Have you tho apostolic- ' mandates?" which being answered in tho affirmative, 'thoy wer» ordered to bo read. Tho Papal bulls authorising the consecration of tho Most Rev. Br. Murray for tho. nowly erected Sea of Maitland, and tho Möst Rov. Br.. Quinn for tho new Seo of Bathurst, having been read,, tho prelates oloet carno forward and were' examined by the Archbishop, and having in all thincs expressed.. their submission to tba Church, and'declaring that they would discharge tho duties dovolving upon'thom as bishops, and after making a full confession of faith, they wore conducted to thoir altar or chapol, whorothoy wore divested of their copo sandals wcro placed.on their . feet, and thoy were ' invested with pectoral crosses, stoles, tunics, dalmatics, chauciblcs, and maniples. They then proceeded to tho altar of their chapel, at which, tho mass proceeded with that at tho high'altar up to. tho Epistle and Tract, when .tho Archbishop "called on tho congregation to pray for the prelates'elect, who prostrated themselves as tho Litany of tho'Saints waa being chan ted," and at tho conclusion of tho 'Litany tho Archbishop gavo his blessing to tho postulants. Tho book« of the Gospels opon were laid on tho shoulders of -. the prelates to bo consecrated, his Grace tho Archbishop- : and tho assistant prelates placed their hands on the hoads of tho oloot, and thoy all said, " Receive yo tho- . Holy Ghost,'* . Tho hoads of tho Bishop of Maitland and Bathurst wore. thon bound with linen, and tho Archbishop having intoned tho first verso of tho sub- limo byan» " Voni Creator Spiritus," it was taken .up by tho choir, whioh.consistod of. tho studonts of Holy Oross College, lod by tho Rov. N.-Bonnelly, tho -Rov. T. O'Roilly, and tho Rov. Professor Verdon,, and waen given, as woll as tho roit of tho sacred . muBÎe, with muoh taste and devotional feeling. Nothing could bo moro solemn and itnprcssivo than tho ceremonial whilo the grand hymn was boin{r sung. Every part of tho hallowed and anciont rights was full of meaning and Christian symbolism, and before all tho grandeur and" beauty of tue ritual of tho church. Tho Archbishop having blessed tho episcopal rings, anointed tho hoads of tho now bishops.. At tho conclusion of tho first Gospel, tho VoryHev. Conon M'Cabo, V.G.,ascended tho pulpit, and dolivorod' a . most eloquent . and .. impressive discourse,, taking tho following passago for his >text: -" Ho shall judgo tho .. poor of tho people, - and ho. shall cavo tho children of thc poor. Ho shall continue with the sun, and before tho ? moon, and throughout all gonorations. Ho will como down liko rain upon tho flooco, and liko showers gently falling on tho earth. In his days, justice aimil. spring up and abundance of peace. Ho shall rulo from sea to sea,, and from tho beginning to tho ends of tho earth." At tho termination of tho sermon tho Mass pro- ceeded ; and, at tho conclusion of tho Profaco, tho 182nd psalm, "Exo quam," was sung by tho choir, during tho performance of which tho hands of tho recently consecrated bishops were bound with whito linen, and at tho termination of tho anthem thoy were anointed. Croziers wore thon placed ' in their'loft hands and tho rings on their fingers, in accordanco with ritual ceremonial. Tho books of tho Gospels, which had been laid open on tho necks and shoulders of tho now bishops (to signify their ' sub- mission to tho Word of God) wcro then handed to them by tho Archbishop, who said, " Go forth and preach tho GoBpol to all Ood's crea- tures." Tho new prelates proceeded to thoir chnpol, and' tho Mass was continued at tho high and sido altars up to tho Offertory, whon tho now bishops joined tho Archbishop at tho high altar, where missals wore placed for thom. After tho consecration of tho sa- cred elcmonts, tho Bishops of Maitland and Bathurst partook of tho samo communion with tho Archbishop. Tho mitres having been blosscd by tho prelnto celobrnnt, ho placed thom on tho hoads of tho now prelates, who gavo him and tho assistant bishops tho kiss of peace, and then proceeded' through tho church, and gave* thoir blessing to tho vnot. kneeling congregation. Having boon conducted to tho. thrones prepared for thom, after tho post communion, thoy pronounced thoopiscopnl benediction, mid with tho To Bourn concluded tho ceremonies of tho day) which, promoted two good and holy priests to tho prelacy of a remoto region ¡tito which they will carry, hot tho trophies of human conquost, but that eternal emblem of tho old faith by which alona shall man conquer. I Cathoho Tolegrapli, Novomborae. , THE WILLIAMS ELKCTIO.V.-Tho nomination of a member to servo in tho Legislativo Assembly of Now South Wales'for tho electoral district of tho Williams, took place at tho Dungog Court-houeo, on Thursday, at noon. Over a hundred persona wero present, mid good order waa maintained throughout tho wholo of tho'pro cecdingB, which lasted fivo hours. Soon after twelvo o'clock tho rcturning'Offlccr, 0. F. Holmes, Esq., rend' tho writ of election, and requested tho meeting, to givo each speaker a fair and impartial ' hearing. Tho different candidates (flvo in uumber> . wero then successively proposed. Tho n nm os of tho cnndldutcs proposod aro ns follows:-Marshall Bur- dekin, Esq. ; Henry Wilfred Ellis, Esq. ¡ Frederick Julian Manton, Esq. ; J. P. Abbott, Esq ; Alfred Fairloss, Esq. Turco only of tho nbovo will go to tho poll, viz.:-Messrs. Burdekin, Manton, and Ellis, Mr. Abbott resignad in favour af Mr, Manton. Mr. Fair- less also resigned. Eaoh of tho candidates addressed thc electors at considerable length-tho speeches of Mr Burdokin and Slr. EIHB being, wo aro informod, vory good indeed. Tho contest is thought to lia between. Mr. Burdekin mid Mr. Manton. Tho raco botweea llioso two gontlcmcn is likoly to bo a sharp and close ono.-Maitland Ensign. The Illinois Rtoto Sanitary Commission recently paid tho Hov. Sheppard Wells, agent af tho Christian Com- mission, tho sum of one thousand dolíais, tobo expended in I lie purohnao of onions for tbo uso of tba soldiers in Toxas, roany of «hom aro reported aa sulforlug from sourvy and bieokbono fever. 