CHAPTER X. A THREATENING SKT. R. The Jingera Mountains-a rugged chain, among whose fast- nesses congregate those who have no respect for right, ipr : abhorrence of wrong-divides the district of Braidwood from Maneroo ; running from S.E. to N.W., being distant aboutit* ': miles from the township of Cooma, and 30 miles from Braid- ' wood. The country in which they lie is heavily timbered, and their ; immense gullies-scooping as it were to the mountain founda- tions-afford a secure and acceptable retreat to all who have the r. fear of the lav^s;hefore their eyes ; for so broken is the nature . of the ground^M1 wild and bewildering in appearance, and so "i inaccessible the^qun^ain caves to which these offenders resort ' when hard pushedpl^t.to trace out a criminal who has fled to their sanctuary is a'rasji ¿nd dangerous undertaking. Here and there, set among the thickly-wooded ridges, stretch ' pieces of flat pasture land of small extent, upon which the Jin- gera 'squatter' locates himself with the intention of increasing his flocks and herds ; but the manner in which this is effected would cause surprise to those, steady-going old English farmers ' who have no idea of their cattle increasing, save by purchase - or by the regular routine of nature. ' The enterprising « settler,' however, on the lone plains or : sullen slopes of the Jingeras, has no intention of stocking a 1 ' run ' bjr such legitimate means as these. "With no capital, . except wits sharpened by necessity, and mingling with every " kind of vice and degradation, he . sélects '-without any form : of application-a suitable site ; and with the aid of a few rude tools soon has a slab hut erected, and a chimney breathing forth ; its curling wisps of smoke. A few rough but commodious three-railed paddocks on the adjacent flat, and his ' plant ' is complete. Some trees may be ' 4 girdled ' and a little ground broken, to give the place the appearance of some industrious farmer's homestead ; while a little dairying invests it with an air of still greater honesty and respectability : but the real occupation of the Jingera squatter is to «spot' the cattle-droves wandering about out-lying ' stations, to 'tail off' the cows heavy with calf, ; and run them - home to lonely ; mountain ; gulches, where " feed is plenti- ful. In payment .' for the " board 1 and lodging,'- ; of the borrowed 1 cattle, he retains ; the new-bom ; calves and a few ' of the cows to> ' rear them, send- .* ing the remain- : der home to ' their respective stations, always : provided they : bear their own- : er's brand ; if not, on goes the- : Jingera mark, ' and they are turned in to- : augment the - general herd» 1 which in due time is driven over tothe most 1 convenient mar- ' ket, and there disposed of. ~2 ' As may be -' conjectured,. ' these lonely ' wilds, and their . > equally lonely. and wild inhabitants, are as a Paradise tenanted by angels to those who have 'met with misfortune,' which, being interpreted, means being hunted by the police ; indeed, the man-slayer of old never regarded the city of refuge as a more blissful haven, than the Jingera mountains are esteemed by those ' in trouble.' 'The night was coming on with that rapidity which character- ises it among the mountain districts of Australia, and the deeper gullies were already filled with darkness, though the sühUght still quivered and sparkled on the ridges, and glinted .as if falling in golden flakes from the crags bunching from the brows of the higher ranges. ..Black and harshly jagged, the south-western line threw itself against the clear field of lemon-tinted sky ; and, as if to shame its ; sullen funereal look, the clouds floated overhead golden, and purple, and flame-coloured, minghng with a drift of white, where the eastern vapours began to lose their brilliancy. Across one of the wildest of the Jingera gullies, where the trees waved solemnly in ghostly shrouds of rolling mist, the yel lo.w light still wavered and shot against a sheer wall of rock that seemed to lose its head among the wreaths of shining clouds above, while below it cragged out among scattered boul .ders,' between whose shapeless masses trees started out, and straggled their wayward roots into fissure and cleft in search of moisture. 'Higher up in the hollows, large branches of dwarfed vege- tation found lodgment, and vines wit^ blossoms and prickly leaves flung themselves from rock to tree. 'Higher up again, these gave place to moss of green and fichen 'of^grey ; and higher, yet higher, these resigned in favour of the blealc desolation that there reigned supreme. There it was that, thfe sun-glare rested ; and there it was that the flush; slowly pajed. and died out, as if the rocks were gradually cooling aftér the intense heat of the summer day. When it had quite vanished, and the stony lineaments of the crag stood out in cold and solemn grandeur, high up in some ledge that seared its face, a light as of a fire could be discerned leaping and flickering brightly. Any one being in the neighbourhood at the time," and who possessed courage and curiosity enough to clamber; along a rude .and narrow causeway, principally formed by an old watercourse, would have discovered that the light proceeded from one of thbse natural mountain-caverns, termed by the aboriginal natives gibber gunyah, or stone house. It looked capacious enough to accommodate some thirty or forty people, although only three tenanted it when thus intro- duced to our readers, for the gloom hanging in the hinder part prevented any from noticing its actual dimensions. A fire leaped and crackled merrily near its mouth, and rolled forth ?volumes of smoke over the gully, occasionally sputtering out a shower of sparks that darted down with bright corruscations. to lose themselves eventually in the. dark depths below. The place was destitute of even the rudest attempt at fur mshing, for only a large litter of fern and dried bushes occupied one side, as if they constituted the bed of the entire party, while one or two pairs of. coloured blankets and an old 'possum Tug lay scattered about in different parts of the cave. Two «addles with other trappings for a couple of horses were heaped together, and a 'billy1 just taken from the fire with half a .dozen pannikins and some eatables, seemed to give promise of a meal close at hand. By the front of the fire, at the side from which the wind blew ihe?smoke, sat Mr.- Bill Brady, whose acquaintance we fir3t cul 'J ul".' j ;; : , .: . i) >j ' -?- ; O V ! ': '. 1 .. . ? ? ' v . i ui; <; i- .>., i. - . . - . BURGESS. tivated on the'rocks,' smoking a pipe and greedily watching the preparations ; for: supper. On the other side, with eyes inflamed by the smoke, and with hair and dress as disordered as ever; sat his wife, Nelly; while the old woman, Meg-on whom the" office of cook generally devolved, was turning a piece of mutton on a most primitive-looking spit. To judge by the malignant expression of Bill's-not at. any time angelic- features, you could see that the devil of ill-humour was stirring up his evil passions ; and these were venting them- selves in fearful curses at his wife and the old woman cook. " Tare an' nouns ! Bill Brady-it's yerself has bin as crass as two cruked shticks all this blessed day-barring' ye've bin the same for the last fortnight ! "-commented that ancient dame, in answer to one of Bill s explosions-"Shure, Billy ! ye've got no* more sinse in yer than your name- sake, thè tay-saucepan there !-for if yez will get into a cave to be dhried wid the ehmoke like a red-herrin', it's yerself can't expect to have it convarted into a jintle folks dhrawing-room, wida cook-shop to the fore!" ^ . . |É. The individual addressed, answered with a growl and a curse, and an allusion to the old lady's eyes, which, if cosummated, would probably have caused her to burn the meat ! " I don't see, anyhow, what's the differ of yez bein' perched up here like an aigle, or down on the levels bey ant, " she pursued, argumentatively; "ye've not got the blood of murder on yer Bowl; and if yez did lift a few head uv cattle-shure, Billy darlint, ye only tuk 'em from thim as tuk 'em from somebody else, and 'ud be too fearsome to split on yez '.-anyways, ye would'nt be ' tucked ' up for it, if yez was caught." "Bill's a good dale safer here, Meg," remarked the girl, "I'd rather have him up here wid all its onconvaniences, than let him risk it near the towns. " 'Hould yer divil's tongues, the both on yez !-or-" continued the amiable William, with a fearful imprecation, "or I'll have the murder uv yez both resting on my sow! ! Do yez think a woman's made for nuthink else nor gabbing? Now, do yez see ' that out there? " he asked, pointing into the pitchy darkness where the gully was supposed to he Bleeping, six hundred feet I below-well, "if yez fell over there, yez might cut through ! nothink for hundreds av feet, unless yez cracked yer skulls against the sides ! Now the fust on yez as gives any more j blessed palaver, over she goes ! Blow me ! " ! Having made this declaration, and finding that supper was ready, Mr. Brady knocked his wife down and kicked her, as a sort of grace before meat, and then ' fell to.' In consequence of this energetic proceeding, and his very sig- nificant threat, he was allowed to go on with his meal in silence, gloomily pouring the tea from one pannikin to another, until it was sufficiently cool to be transferred to his capacious throat ; and tearing the half-cooked mutton away, rib by rib, he gnawed it from the bones ravenously, occasionally greasing his throat with some rashers of cold fat pork, as if to make the victuals slip out of sight the more speedily. He had just got the greater portion of a chop in his mouth, when a long unearthly howl pierced the still night-air, from the back part of the cavern; startling the whole company, and causing the 'tit-bit' to slip into Bill's throat ina. way that almost choked him. " It's only Snapper ! " said the girl, as the cry again broke ??\ KELLY. . ' ??? 'Í-; ' 5 '?}'? j I!.-- :¡i ; the heavy stillness, and wandered in weird repetitunvabout tte neighbouring rocks. J ' ' I'll snapper him ! " roared Bill, darting a heavy stone in the direction of the sound-" blast you, come out ! and I'll learn you to cry out for nuthink ! " Notwithstanding this very pressing invitation, the person ad- dressed seemed to prefer remaining where he was ; and it was only in answer to the girl calling ' Snapper, snap, snap ! ' that a close-haired cur-looking dog came crawling forth on its belly, in' a very insinuating manner. "Come here, I tell yer J" again roared BiU> making a grasp at the dog, but the beast, intuitively interpreting his murderous intentions, snapped at his leg and made its teeth meet through the flesh. With a yell of pain, he seized the dog by the hind legs ; and dragging it across the sandy floor of the cavern, hurled it over the brink into the vapoury space beneath. For a minute or two there was a pause among the tenants of the cave, as they heard the rushing sound of crashing twigs, startling the echoes from the crags-then the man advanced menacingly towards the girl and laid his hand on her shoulder, forcing her face back from his own, and glaring into it with his wild, demon-like eyes :-? "Now, ye've seen what I can do to a dog, and that's a speci ment of what I can do to annybody as crasses me ! Spake another word widout bein' spoke to-or you and the ould woman give anny more av yer blessid lip, and yez foller the dog ! One an' both on yez-mind !" The women seemed to perceive that the debating ground was scarcely safe, and, not rebelling such an extensive plunge into nothing, wisely held their peace, or mumbled their opinions in a few grumbling mouthings that hardly laid claim to the title of words. How quiet the place seemed-with only the three figures, finked in the bands of inJamy and vice, seated round the fire ; the red gleams of which played luridly on their features. Quiet -Bave for the sputtering sticks burning through and falling to- gether-save for the gusty night-wind, moaning restlessly like a ' ' -wandering ghost-and save for the occasional prolonged howl of 1 the dingo, or the plaintive scream of a curlew. But, breaking this quietude, came a long shrill whistle, that only died away to give place immediately to another-a signal which seemed familiar to Bill Brady, for he merely observed* " It's Darby," and then fell into his old silence. In confirmation of his words, a man's head appeared above the ledge, followed by a broad pair of shoulders and the other members appertaining to a human body ; the whole figure prov- ing to be none other than Mr. McShane, alias 'Red Darby.' In features he looked much the same as when he was first introduced to the reader, in the house on 'the Rocks,' but he had changed his attire for habiliments more suited to the bush j and he now shone forth in a pair of muddy long thigh-boots, Bedford-cord riding-pants, and a scarlet shirt, buckled round the waist, while a weather-worn cabbage-tree hat covered his matted hair and flapped over his bushy brows. " What's your little game, now ? chucking articles out of the window, as if there wasn't such things as gentlemen walking below, eh, Bill? ? That cussed dog nearly fell a top of my head, and frightened the life out of me-for I thought at first it was Nell, here, as you'd thrown over in one of your mad fits ; and when I went to look. I was aereeablv surmised to find it wasn't. In proof of your being alive and kicking, give us your band, old girl, and I hope, when you do part company, that BiÏPll be the first togo, because, then, you see,there'sachance of my getting spliced 1 " " He began a howlin' in a way as 'ud put the ' bobbies ' on the scent, if so be as they was annyways handy widin a mile or two-so I jest held his tongue for him, as he cuden't do it for hisself!" explained Mr. Brady, "but haven't yez got any of the craythur wid- you ? It's the only pleasure a cove has-is a drop av good rum and apipe-stuck up here in this infarnalhole ! " "Then why don't you-move out iv it?" sneered the old woman, emboldened by the presence of Darby, "I'm sure I'm tired iv it, so is Nell." " Shet up !' you old cuss !" roared Bill, "or I'll throw ye over the cliff as I promised !" "No you won't, Bill ; you won't do anything so foolish," / quietly remarked Mr. McShane, " No more murder is to be done -unless it pays ; remember that ? " " No more ? who says as I iver did any ? " demanded BUL with a white, ashy- looking face. " I speaks for myself," coolly responded Darby, "and while the 'firm' is made up of us two, heit 'Brady aDd Co.,' or 'McShane and Co.,' we go share and share alike in all that Jiaa been done and is to be done ; so jest take my advice, Bill Brady, and make your miserable life happy while you can. " "Happy? It's all very well for yez to talk in that way, Darby, riding about selling the cattle, and doin' yer dhrhik and yer bit iv a swagger wid the best iv 'em ; but if yez was shefc up here, like a howl or a blind,'possum, wid these hags a nagging at yer, and yer throat as dhry as a shtamer's funnel, ye'd bo glad to git sight iv a dhrop iv grog, annyways !" "And there it is, Billy, my boy, sensible to feelin' and to sight; and, what's better nor both of 'em put together (a* regards grog), sensible to taste, too ! " and with this recom- mendation, Darby produced two bottles of rum and one ot brandy, which he placed before the delighted eyes of Bill, and the no less gratified gaze of Mother M,eg. . . " Brandy's not our reg'lar lush, it's/more in the way of arris- ' ,¡ '- ' " ? : LEVY. "?'' crats, but I thought I'd bring it by way of a change, 'tickérly as I couldn't meet with more nor the brace of rum-bottles," said Mr. McShane, taking a clasp knife from his pocket, and clicking off the head of one of the latter. " Where did yez git it ?" asked Bill, helping himself to half » pannikin-fulL while he rolled his eyes and smacked his Ups with, the air of a connoisseur. " Down at old Dick Burridge's. My eye, Bill, you talk of a fellow taking it easy and all that ; but you don't think of the risks / run. It was a near squeak with, me to day, I can tell you down at Dick's." " How was that?" inquired his companion, replenishing his pannikin, and cer- tainly evincing more interest in discussing the beverage than in. listening to Mr. McShane's recital. " Well, you see,"-began that individual, drawing a pipe from his pocket and commencing to fill it, "it was all along ot them new diggings on the Snowy River. One way and another, they've brought lots of police into the district, and instead of doing their duty (which any sensible person can perceive is to keep order on the diggings), the ' peelers ' are tracking about bx every direction, trying to put a stop tb ' gully-raking.' Some- how, a party of 'em got wind that I was a noted cattle-duffer, and knowing I was there they comes down to Dick's hut-like a company of 'spectable gentlemen, instead of a hanged lot of ' peelers, ' and, without so much as 4 by your leave, ' makes a rush, in, expectin' of course, to grab me ! I was up to a few of Dick Burridge's moves-aint he a prime one, though. But I never knowed until to-day what a downy cove he really is ! You. wouldn't believe how he's built his house-but it was the saving of me, anyhow ! His hut looks to have two rooms in it, and so> it has, but the dividing-wall isa double row of slabs with a pas- sage between, and a moveable slab at one end, just turning on itself and lettin' you out into the grass-paddock. There's a door opening from each room into the passage, and I'd jest bolted from the ' bobbies ' and made for the back room, when I found, myself in between the slabs.-(Tobe Continued). u 