TELEGEAPHIC. (íBOSI OUB TEIiEGBAPniO COBEESPONDENTS.) EOMA. November 17. THE telegraph line was opened to-day for the first timo. The weather is very hot, and rain is vory much wanted, as there is hardly any grass. Stores are becoming scarce SYDNEY. November 17. The resumption of tho debato on the ques- tion of State-Aid lapsed yesterday, owing to some technicality. Clorko and his gang robbed the Southorn mail yestorday. MELBOURNE. September 17. The trial of Bourke, tho bushranger and murderer, is unfinished. Whoafc is firmer. AT a meeting of tho shareholders of the Quoonsland Insuranco Company, on Saturday aftoi-noon, it was proposed and carried unani- mously that the company be registered under tho Companies Act of 1863. As a proof of the necessity which oxistod for tho ercotion of a church at Toowong, it is now found necessary to increase the accommodation afforded by tho proBont building. A incoting in connection with that objoct, and for the con- sideration of other matters, is to bo hold this ovoning at Toowong. A MEETING of the members of tbo City Volunteer Fire Brigade will bo hold this ovoning for tho purposo of engine drill. A good muster is expected, it being the QrBt occasion of the brigado going through ongino practice. WE aro glad to find that Mr. "Willett, who for so long was oonnocted with tho Victoria Hotol, and Theatre adjoining, is about toro-open tho former on his own account. Mr. Willett has always "been rogardod with respect by thoso with whom ho lias had to transact business, and by the publiogonorally ho is much esteemed. Wo hope ho will succeed in his new undertaking. YBBTEBDAT morning, about half-past 12 o'clock, a horso, bolonging to Mr. Alexander Raff, suddenly took fright, and boltod with a buggy down Elizabeth- street. On reaching the corner of Elizabeth and Edward strcots, the horso turned so suddenly that tho driver was thrown out of the Tohiele, but, fortunately, though ho was bruised a good deal, ho escaped furthor injury. Tho horso swerved off tho road, and boltod up the back of the police station, and would in a moment havo fallon down a cutting at tho back of Buloock's now building had he not been stopped atconsiderahlo personal risk by Constable Skollon, who hap poncd to bo outsido the police barracks. Two of the whools and the springs of the buggy were smashed. IT is announcod, in tho Gazette of Saturday, that tenders will bo roceived from persons desirous of leasing, for ono year, tho right of grazing over tho Recreation Reservo at York's Hollow, which compriBOB an area of 321J acres. " No wild or dangorous animals aro to bo placed or allowed to run in tho resorre." Tho use of tho roserve is to bo retained by tho public. A STrpr-iESlENTABY Government Gazette, publishod on Saturday last, contains the new General Regulations for the Management of the Gold-fields. We recomment theirporusal to the mining community. A NOTICE appears in the Government Gazelle, of Saturday, to tho offoot that the department of the Rogistrar-Gonernl cannot affix duty stamps upon documonts forwarded by post for registration ¡ all necessary stamps must there- fore bo affixed beforo their receipt in tho office. THE following notifications of assignments appear in tho Gazette of Saturday last: "Between Matthew Brien, of Toowoomba,in tho colony of Queensland, carrior, of tho first part; Josoph Wonderley, of Toowoomba afore- said, storekeeper, and Edwin ThomaB Chees- man, of Toowoomba aforesaid, butchor (trus- tees for tho purposes in tho deed of assign- ment montionod), of the second part. Between Charles Gerhard Campen, of Queon-Btreet, Brisbano, in tho colony of Queensland, tobacco- nist, of the first part ; Albert Emelhainz, of South Brisbane, in the said colony, doctor of medicine, and Alexander Brown Pritchard, of Brisbane aforesaid, ono of tho firm of O'Reilly and Pritchard, carrying on business at the same placo as shipping and Custom House agents (trustoos for the purposes in the deed of settle- ment mentioned), of tho second part." The former was registered on the 15th instant, and the latter on the 16th instant. OTJB corrospondont at Oxley Crook writes :- I " Thore is nothing of any interest to report in ' the shape of news. I notice tho shipment of large quantities of potatoes to tho northward by residents in this dißtriot, but if chinga aro in the same state thoro as in Brisbano, I foar thero will be loss ontailed j the quantity being much too great at any one time. Wo shall be glad, however, to hoar of a market thoro for the sur- plus produco, and have no doubt it can bo sup- plied aB oheaply from hore as from the colonies to the southward." THE following is a report showing the classi- fication of persons detained in Her Majesty's Gaol, at Brisbane, for the week ending November 17, 1866 ; For trial at Brisbane, 8 males ; for trial at Ipswich, 2 males, 1 female ; for trial at Maryborough, 1 male ; imprisonment, 9 males, 4 females ; on remand, 4 males; penal servi- tude, 48 males ; hard labor in the gaol, 46 males, 7 females ; debtors, 1 male ; in default of bail, 1 male ; making a total of 120 males, 12 females. HY the Young Australia, whioh is about to leave for England, the Acclimatisation Society forward, under tho care of Captain Grey, to Mr. Einck, the secretary of the Brussels society, some black BwanB and Torres Straits pigeons; also two wardeian casos of plants, one to Mr. Veitch, of London, and the other to Hamburg. THE Maryborough Chronicle reports that by the last steamor from Brisbano Mr. Sheridan received ono Angora and three Cashmere goats, each with a kid by its side. These goats will he pieced on Woody Island, whioh has been leased by Mr. Sheridan from tho Government, and will bo used by bim chiefly for acclimatisa- tion purposes. Already Mr. Sheridan has on the island English wild rabbits, poa fowls, and Guinea fowls. Other rare and beautiful birds and animalB aro expected soon to arrive. A WHITE native bear is a curiosity that we (Geelong Register) never saw or even heard of until Saturday last. Such an animal, however, was brought into town on Saturday, from the Ironbark forest, where it was obtained by Mr. Banfather, a farmer, residing at Jan Juc. Native bears of a dark brown, and also of a slate color, are not at all uncommon, but per- fectly white ones have been, we believe, hitherto almost unknown. These animals are usually very sluggish, and generally sleep all day ; this one, however, is lively, and sits up looking at the spectators out of eyes of a pretty light blue color. An enthusiastic admirer of native pro- ducts purchased the animal, and presented it to Mr. Bunce for exhibition at the Botanical Gardens, where it is likely to be an attraction for some time to come. As a proof of the progress of volunteering in the colony of Victoria, wo may mention that on tho occasion of the celebration of the anniver- sary of tho birth of H.R.H. tho Prince of Wales, there wore 3176 mon on tho ground j of these 126 woro officers, 165 sergeants, 2781 rank and file, and 104 bandsmen. Tho forces were under the command of Brigadior-Gonoral Carey. Tho review took place on tlio raco-courso, and was witnessed by about nine thousand porsons. ON that goneral subject-tho weather-tho Surat correspondent of tho Dalby Herald writes :-" What the world of the Balonno and the surrounding district is coming to, is at present a mystery-much doubt being expresBod that wo shall any of us bo alive next yoar. Tho so-much-wished-for rain is like the grapes woro to tho fox-rothor sour. Eor the last week wo havo boon tantalised by observing large volumes of rain-clouds passing over us, and with some- thing liko an approaoh to a thunderstorm, but, alas, only to disappear, to visit somo moro fa- vored spot. On Sunday afternoon it blew almost a hurricane, and tho rain came down for about an hour j since then wo havo had nothing but scorching-hot wcathor, and high winds during the night. Tho thermometer, last week, averaged 104 in the shade ; so I leave you to guess what it was outside.HorsoB aro in a moBt miserablo condition; in fact, you would look at them and imagino they wero the ghosts of Rozinante. Thoso who rido thom aro almost Hablo under Martin's Act. A vory little moro of this weather, and you need not expoct any communications from this district, for wo shall not bo able to send it down for want of horses, As for beef or mut- ton, we havo long Binco coased to think of a good pioco of meat, but now content oursolves with camon, or a vory near approach to it. Unluckily wo aro not in the position the French aro to fall back on horse flesh for food. Wo havo a fow goats browsing upon air, and when tho abigail sallies forth to milk them, too ofton finds them barren. Perhaps they might do for a fow days' food for us. Evon the river is be- ginning to tell its dire talo of want of rain tho water is stinking, and ÍB now so low noar tho township that you may walk ooross. To add to our liBt of griovancos Talavera Station is about to be abandoned for want of water. Already some of the shoop have left-somo say for Clifton, others for Holbourne ; but I am not able to say which is corroct, for I don't think tho manager knows himsolf." THE Drayton correspondent of the D. D. Gazette, writing on Novombor 16, says :-"Eor the last few days tho weather, after the severo storms of tho past week, has been very un- settled, but to-day it appears as if fine weather had again set in. Tho wheat crop in somo places around the town is being cut down, and in nearly every paddock it is quite fit for tho sickle. Not many of our farmers complain of tho rust, though in ono instance I have myself witnossod it very bad, so much so, that not o single groin coxüd be discovered wholo or freo from it. Oaten hay is boing stacked in several places, though some of the farmers prefer sell- ing it now at current ratoB than keep it up. Late crops of maizo ore boing put down whero tho early crops of hay havo boen taken from. Tho early crops of maizo look exceedingly healthy and promise a heavy yield; but tho potato orop is a complete failure, boing in al- most every garden o total wreck from tho do» prédations of the grub and green worm. New potatoes are selling at 2d, per lb., thoy aro very good for eating, though not moro than half grown." A COBBESPONDENT of the Woodland, News, writing from Buckeye (California), under date of August 23rd, says :-" Many sheep are dying from shearing ; in somo flocks as many as 50 in 1000 head. Watts, Payne, Maxwell and others aro losing at an alarming extent. The slight cut or prod on the hip of tho sheep causes death in two or three days. Turpentine and tar, mixed, is supposed to bo the best thing to apply, although a radical cure would gladly bo boiled by the sheeproisers of Yolo as well as other countries in tho State. The cause of this fatality is supposed to result from the effects of the intonse hot weather. Several sheopmon havo suspended shearing for the present." WE leam from Saturday's Queensland Times that "bread is coming down. This is good news for all, these hard times, if the quality does not keep pace with the price. Some of the bakers' bread we have had to swallow lately would be dear at any figure, and yet that made at home is sweet and good. Quo fit ? It will be seen by an advertisement that a baker in North Ipswich has reduced his rate to 4d. the 2lb. loaf, promising further reduction in the event of liberal support," JUDGING from tho following paragraph Sir Henry Barkly appears to be as popular in the Mauritius as he was among tho majority of the people of Victoria during his term of administra- tion in that colony. The Overland Commercial Gazette says-of His Excellency:-"No one seomB more anxious to seo our moral and social improvement keep paco with our material pro gross than Sir H. Barkly ; a long experience and a full conviction of his responsibility has made him thoroughly acquainted with what is required in a society uko ours. Sir. H. Barkly will be remembered for fostering the institution (Orphan Asylum) as ho does ; Lady Stevenson has not forgotten to send her yearly tribute to it and Lady Barkly- wo say it with oil respect -is worthily emulating the noble example of hor predecessor." THE Melbourne Age says :-It will bo loarnt with regret that tho Lyster opora troupo is about to be disbanded. The causes which have led to Mr. Lystor's determination to break up the company are said to he numorous, but the great want of appreciation shown by tlio publie this season is boliovcd to be the main one. Madamo Escott and Mr. Squires aro going to San Francisco, whero they aro under engage- ment to Mr. Moguiwy of the opera houso there. It has not transpirod whether others of the principals havo any definite intentions. Some recognition should bo made of Mr. Lyster's services before ho leaves us, which ho may be expected to do during the ensuing week. The company proceed to Sydney, to play a short season before their final disunion." 