PRESBYTERr^N SOIREE. On Tuesday evening the annual soiree and tea meeting in connection with the Presbyterian Church in Albury took plaoe at tlie Mechanics' Institute, tbe large bail .of which was tastefully dccorated for the occasion, arid :at tho appointed hour the tables, ably presided over by tbe ladies of the congregation, were besieged, and ample justice was done to the good things Supplied in liberal abundance. This operation lasted upwards of an hour, when, a partial clearance having been effected, prayer was offered up by the Beveread F. Neale, and, the 358th hymn having been sung, the business of the evening commenced by the voting into the chair of the Mayor of Albury, S. F. Blackmore, Esq., who readthe Annual Beport of the Church Committee, -which, he said, had been submitted to a meeting of the congregation the previous evening, but as this was a public and a larger gathering, and the desire existing to afford all publicity, he would read it ogain. It was as follows i— Uetobt of the Committee of the Peesbttebiak CutTEcn, Axbuby, fob the Ybab 186S. Tour Committee were pleased about twelve months ago to commence their report with tho satisfactory announcement that there was no deficiency, that tho stipend bad been duly paid, and tho whole of tho expenses met. r-our- Committee were also gratified to report that the minimum stipend of your pastor should be £350, exclusive of the money received from the Assembly funds. This year, therefore, they have been obliged to raise about £94 above the sum contributed the previous rear, and they arc happy to be able to say that this money has been raised within £30 4s. 7d., nnd in i-a few days they hope that some few contributions in the bush, not yet- paid in, will bo received, thus placing the balance for 1865 on the right side. Tlie sum of £97 8s. 3d. was raised last year by tbe Sabbath collection, a custom in the old country as ! well ob in many churches in these colonies. Your Committee trust that the liberality of tho congregation will in this particular be continued, an this is dne of the legitimate means of raising moneys for church purposes. It was tho custom of the ancient Jewish Church, and tho Apostle urges on the earlier disciples the giving on the Lord's day of what they have ungrudgingly laid up for his Bervioo as the Lord bad prospered them. There is a small debt on tho premises some repairs have been made ond are wanted, and, for this purpose, your Committee recommend a special collection to raise about £C3. A soiree is to be held to-morrow evening, the proceeds of which will be paid to this fund. Your Committee are thankful to tho ladies of the congregation who have so kindly assisted to preparo this soiree, and they wish their labors will be rewarded by a numerous attendanco and an interesting meeting. _ • Your Committee would urge their friends in the bii6h to forward their contributions as early as possible, as though they can rely upon sufficient support to meet tho present current expenditure, tlie 'delay causes the interest on their overdrawn aocbunt to bo larger than it need be, and tlie books cannot be mado up eo satisfactorily as if ull subscriptions had been received.. Your Committee would specially thank Mr. Wallace, of Bupgil, for the effort he made to increase the funds, and for the handsome contribution of £17 10s. sent by him from his station. Though your Committee's report is financial,they think they are at liberty to refer to the opening of a place of worelup at tho Black Range as well as the laying of tho foundation stone of a new church at Twelve Mile Creek. -.Your pastor holds divine service at the one place twice a month, aud at the Twelve Mile Creek oneo a month, and it is pleasing that his labors have resulted in, amongst other good things, the establishment of these churches. Tho Church has made its usual contributions to the Sunday School, Widow and Orphan Fund, and tho Foreign Missions, as well as a collection in aid of the mission ship. Tlie tlmnks of the Committee and congregation arc due to Mr. Alfred Evans and tho choir for their kind and regular attention to tiie improvement of tho psalmody of the Church. Your Committee are thankful as well as gratified fo thelorge measure of sueceBsnnd prosperity, and thoy trust that the past will encourage you and tho Committee you may appoint to more energetic and, consoqucntly, moro useful action '• ' Fihakciai, Statement. RECEIPTS. Subscriptions and Scat Bents £252 17 7 Sabbath Collections 97 8 3 Special Collections 26 10 3 .Payments. Minister's Stipend Church-keeper's wages ... Sundry-expenses Special funds Deficiency, provided for £350 16 35. 407 10 376 15 £30 14 7 After reading the report tho CnAiniiAN said it waB the custom of tlio. Presbyterian Church bore to hold a meeting annuallyj so that the members of the church might be correctly informed of what had been done during the past, how. ttip financestood, and the require ments for tho parrying on of tlie affairs of tho congregation. By this means ovory member might obtain correct information and be induced to take a greater interest in those affairs. . It had been customary of late that a festival should be combined with these meetings, sometimes strictly congregational, at others the public have boen invited. The objects of tlieso meetings were the promotion of .harmony and peace, aud the encouragement of each other and of their pastor. The report was encouraging, and a proof that where there is a will tbere is ajway; When their •pastor gave; upL his charge at JiVapgarattn, tiiey were £50 in debt, but at the end of the year they not only raised the increased stipend consequent on that resignation, but paid off the debt. ' At'the commencement «f last year the Committeo increased .the stipend of their Minister about £90,'and he was glad to find the present stipend bad . been mado up without any. serious difficulty. They 'had been greatly lasBistcd by Mr.iWallaao in tho bush and by tho active and zealous , exertions of a good friendin the town. Their pastor bad been with them some fifteen years, and peace and gobd will Tiad .'boon tho'^)K!vaiIin?Tolements among fliem. A mSniiter'in a &uuiiywwit; in time colonies was entitled to much sympathy. They had not only their pulpit ministrations and pastoral labors, but tlicy had a large .and incessant amount of travelling over bad roads.' Their own pastor had often to travel between the services at Albuiy on Sunday some twenty-five iniles and this laborious work' unfitted,for study, and debarred the minister from much preparation. He (the Chairman) trusted they would have an agreeable evening, and after an anthem had been sung by the choir the Biv. F. Neale would address tho meeting.- -.-•'•- - - »«. ,.Aii antllem wps lhen sang by The. .choir, Mr. H. 'Alpen'pitesiding atiftlie Sninimfiuin. • ' The Bev. 3?. NsaW then iiddresseS. the meeting, and expressed the pleasure it always afforded him to meet'' friends ^ oa' <Jn this occasion. He hardly knew w)iy hewasjjlaced so. <fflriyon the programme, but as they had:'done hiim that^idnor, he presumed it was considered better"to put 'him'Torward first in order to make way for the greater guns to follow after. Tlie reverend gentleman prooeoded f'tfy eloqiidiiBy to urge the; "desirabihty'.of all prpEfflBiiig ^ligipuB bgdies to o- show .good:/«Ung and .CTrdiality.TOth. one ,another, notwithstanding any diDereriee of'sect" or deiiomina-- ^on.. In the opinijp of. Bomfc.it jrould bo better if "all distinctions-and sects were 1 Bono way with, and thafall "were united in one body. No doubt, on tlie principle of union being strength, such a Btate of things would, be preferable, but he believed it would be impossible on. earth; still, however, though difzferentsects might exist»-there was-no mason why they should .not exhibit brotherly jove and/kindness and good.'foeling to each other, sliding dl petty jealousies - - and heart- borninge. He rememberedhearing some "years ago. a singular anecdote of an Austalian minister travelling . • " »' through '. 1 -4- the . l bush, , , and i felling .... in . with ... a man driving & teamof bullqpks. _ As lie approached, he lifeard hiai'call to one his bullocks, "Geo up! Presbyterian." He almost doubted his ears, and - asked the man to repeat what he had said. He did Siji, when the'minister requested him tOftplghr-why h0 gave suchja veiy pecuhar name to thsfca^t. |T3ie bullock-driverat once told "him thatlie bamtehnl his "biQlStks in that fashion. That one he called Preabyierwti,i>eaBaee 'he eltfsye pulled quietly, coolly, a steadily, and with a good wilL Another he called baptist, because if he came to a drop of water on the. "i-oad , there he would etay, xnd-would jiot iBOveim •inch nhtil ho had.-drank it all up. Another jhs called CampbeHite, because he was s sort -of -sullen animal, and would go away in the bush and snlk 'by himselt Another he called Methodist, because he was straining and growling day long, so that you would tbink he was pulling all creation, but after all he didvot pull an ounce. Of • <Mr. Neale) entered his prot«*fr%ga.ns ttabUin the Methodists, because he contend ^ never satisfied -until they accomplished a 1 tHey under took, and if they attempted to pull they were not Mtisfied unless they pulled to a purpose. And so with Christians,- whether they were P«brtm » °r Methodists drlot any other deuommahon, be dd ed that they. would all pull together workuigouttho scheme of salvation, {mtU the whole world should be illnminated with Gospel truth and Gpspel light. It was a great pity that jealousies should cr.st.buthc knew that St was so, and that however much some would profess of their charity and good feeling toone another, yet behind their backs they sorts of ill-natured things. He did not htotohear of people professing too much unless theu- wbo a conduct' demonstrated the truth and forccof their professions. He had heard of two lovers walking together one evening on the banks of a stream and tolking to each other, as ho supposed only lovers could talk under such circumstances, and in a way which he presumed many there would well understand. As they went along Adoiphus said to Matilda, I bear a bird singing in that tree and I almost fency tbat I hew-him singing words in his song. MaMda esked what they seemed to sound like, when Adoiphus looked into her eyes and replied that they soemed to say, " I love you dearly, I lore you dearly. lhey went on a little farther, when Matilda said she also heard a bird in another tree'singing and she thought she heard the words of his song. Adoiphus was anxious to know what Matilda's bird sang, when she softly said they seemed to bo like " show it, show it. And so with the world at large j they were very ready to say " I love you dearly," but what does tho church say and religion command?" "Simply "show it, show it." There was one"'great absorbing Want not peculiar to any sect or denomination, but applying to all. They all wanted tho demonstrative power and energy and the effusion and outpouring of tlie Holy spirit. For .this they must labor and pray and exercisc all their pnergies until tho day should dawn, which should emerge into a cloudless eternity of endless li»ht. Above all things ho entreated tbem earnestly to fleckthe gift of the Hoiy Ghost. After another anthem bod been sung, and Mr. Alpon haviDg volunteered Campbell's "Last Man," The Bcv. D. H. Bam-ANTYSE addressed tho meeting, and said- ttey'-iidd had their jappetites appealed to by the liberal supply of goodjbings ; they had had their passions appealed to by tho excellent music of, the choir and Mr. Alpen; they had had their intellects appealed,to by the eloquent and brilliant speech of Mr. Neale; and, now bis turn bad come, what was left for him' to appeal- to f He saw by tho fecesof tho young ladies around him, and, of courso, they were.all young, for ladics neTcr got old, that they only wished to say, " Don't be long and don't bo prosy." "Well, he would promise that at any rate; and lie was sure ,lhey would not bo able to guess what bo wns going to talk (o them about. No, not if be gave them twenty minutes to consider. He was going to talk to them about tho best way to get a good husband. (Greot laughter.) That was a new subject, but one iu which they were all interested, for he wa6 sure that they all wanted good husbands, except those who already possessed them. This was a subject that he might talk about better there oh such an occasion than in tho pulpit. The reverend gentleman proceeded in a very humorous way to tell the ladies that he was not going to tell them how to get a handsome man, or a tall man, or a fair man, or a dark man. He was not going .to tell them about the color of his hair, whether it should be fair or black, or red or blue, or any other-color, or tho length of his nose, or the color of his eyes, but he recommended them to secure a man of intellect, for whom the)' conld have respect and look up to; also, to make sure that he was industrious, nnd oiio not given to sponge upon liis neighbors. He should have 'some means, and not. marry for love only. It was said, " marry, first and lovo will come afterwards;" but there was another saying to the effect • that when' poverty came in ut tho door love flew.out at tho window." llo should be a sober man and a tidy and clean man, for he could never understand how a clean rcspectablo tidy young woman could ever ally herself to a great dirty r ragamuffin lump of a husband, such as he too often saw out here. Ho Bhould also' be pious, and they would do well to think over these requisites before they made up their minds to link themselves for life to any one. If tbe man had not got these qualities, the sooner the sweethearts said good bye to cach other the better. Ho proceeded at somo length to express his gratification at the prosperous Condition of the Church temporally. Meetings like this helped to draw closer togother tho ties of christian brotherhood and charity, and iu uniting them all to work with energy and success in promoting tho glory of God. ilr. M'Cbedie very neatly proposed a voto of thanks to the ladies for their exertions and to tho choir, and to Mr. Alpon for liis services, and Mr. Alien having returned thanks, the doxology was sung, and the benediction from the Reverend Mr. KealE, closed a very pleasant Evening; 