Humors of the Day. EPITAPH ON A MISER. READER beware immoderate love of pelf ! Here lies the wont of thieves, who robbed himself ! "IF l am ' stuck up,' I aint proud," said the beetle when it was pinned to the wall What workman never turns to the left ?—A wheel-wright. Good Character.—The character of an up- right man is like a pair of boots. The more you black it the more it shines. Why, if you paint a man's portrait, may you be described as stepping into his shoes ? Be- cause you make his feet yours (features). A PERSECUTED WATCHMAN.—A man was sentenced to four years' imprisonment for simply keeping watch and guard of another man's property. A Word Ir Season(ing).—Pepper's Ghost raps to say that there is one item, at least in Mr. Gladstone's Budget which is not to be sneezed at. A GREEN 'un, who had never before seen a steamboat, fell through the hatchway down into the hold of the " State of Maine," and being unhurt, loudly expressed his surprise—" Well, if the darned thing aint holler !" The alderman who was lately injured by the accidental discharge of his duty, is reported to be in a fair way of recovery. He says that he'll never be caught that way again while in the full possession of his senses. " Why, Hans, you have the most feminine cast of countenance I have ever seen." "O, yaw," was the reply, " I know de reason for dat; mine modder was a woman" Liquid Style.—A paper, in speaking of a temperance address, says it abounded with. oceans of sentiment, rivers of love, torrents of feeling, and a perfect deluge of sense ! The man who never told an editor how he could better his paper, has gone to St. Louis to marry a woman that has never looked into a looking-glass. A Man out West advertises a new patent stove which saves three-quarters of the wood, while the ashes which it makes pays for the other quarter. "Thi Rest is Silence."—" A wedding recently took place at Aldborough Church, at which the bride, bridegroom, bridesmaid, groomsman, and two witnesses, were all deaf and dumb ?" An exchange says the best cure for palpi- tation of the heart is to leave off hugging and kissing the girls. If this is the only remedy, we say, let her palpitate. The Ruling Passion.—When Rabelais was on his deathbed, a consultation of physicians was called. " Dear gentlemen," said the wit to the doctors, raising his languid head, " let me die a natural death." An exchange says : " That the ' schoolmaster is abroad' in Chicago, is evident to us from a sign we saw painted upon a shop window a day or two since, on the north side. It read some- thing like this: 'Pise nutts pop Kake Beer cigars and boardeing.'" Quick Lad.—" You young rascal," said an old gentleman to a rash little boy in the street, " if that cab had run over you, where would you have been now ?" and the boy answered, "Up behind, a taken' of his number !" Figuratiye.—Some of our country friends have a talent for the figurative. One of our contemporaries describes another as "holding its left hand under the swallow tail of its con- stitutional dignity, and extending the white nose-wiper of interrogative pathos in its right." Publicity.—The following advertisement appeared in a late Irish paper, " Whereas Phe- lim O'Shaughnessy has fraudulently taken away several articles of wearing apparel without my knowledge, this is therefore to inform him that if he does not forthwith return the same, his name shall be made public." The Best Church.—A sailor, in giving his opinion of the religious denominations, said, " I like the Episcopalian best ;" and when asked why, said, " In all other churches you must sit mum and take the jaw, but in the Episcopal church you can jaw back." A Loving Wife.—A farmer going to get his grist ground at a mill, borrowed a bag of one of his neighbors. The poor man was knocked under the water-wheel, and the bag with him—he was drowned. When the melcancholy news wae brought to his wife, she exclaimed, "My gracious, what a fuss there'll be about that bag !" Drunken Happiness.—The question, Does getting drunk ever advance one's happiness ? would seem to be put to rest by the Irishman who went courting when drunk, and was asked what pleasure he found in whisky.—" Oh, Biddy, it's a trate intirely, to see two of your swate purty faces instead of one!" Where ?—A country schoolmaster, happen- ing to be reading of the curious skin of the ele- phant, " Did you ever see an elephant's skin ?" he asked. —" I have !" shouted a little six-year- old at the foot of the class.—" Where ?" he asked, quite amused at the boy's earnestness.— " On the elephant !" was the reply, with a most provoking grin. Sage Cuttings.—Beauty is like the rainbow, full of promise but short-lived.—The fool cackles before, and the hen after the egg is laid.—lf a man flatters you, he is a knave or you a fool.— If you have an itching for fame, go into the graveyard and rub yourself against the stones. —A man who can wear a collar all the week is not fit for much else.—A man with one idea is like a goose trying to hatch a paving-stone. Hibernian Toasts.—Two gallant " sons of Erin," being just discharged from service, were rejoicing over the event, with a " wee taste of the cratur," when one, who felt all the glory of his own noble race, suddenly raised his pot above his head, and said, " Arrah, Mike, here's to the gallant old 69th—the last in the field, and the first to leave it."—" Tut, tut, man," said Mike; "ye don't mane that."—" Don't mane it, is it ? Then what do I mane ?"—" You mane," said Mike, and he raised his glass high, and looked lovingly at it, " Here's to the gallant 69th, equal to none !" And so they drank. An "Essa" on cats.—l have studdyed cats clussly for years ,and hay found them adikted tew a wild state. Tha haint got aflecshun, nor vartue of enny kind; tha will scratch their best friends, and won't ketch mice unless they are hungary. It haz bin sed that tha are good to make up into sassages; but this iz a grate mistake. I hav bin told by a sassage maker tha don't komprre with dogs. There iz one thing sartin, they are very anxious tew live. You ma torn one inside out, and hang up by the tale' and az soon az you are out ov sight he will manage to turn a back somerset and cum around awl rite in a fu days. It iz very hard work to looze a cat. If one gits carried oph in a bag bi mistake a grate ways into the kuntry, he won't sta lost onla a short time, but soon appear tew make the family happy with their presence. Old maids are very fond ov cats, for the reason, I suppose that cats never marry if tha have ever so good a chanse. There iz one thing about cats i don't like: if yu step on their talcs by acksident they git mad rite oph, and make a fuss about it. There iz anuther thing obout them which makes them a good investment for poor folks. A pair ov cats will yield each year, without any outlay, something like eight hundred per cent. It iz a very singular fack that cats don't like a mill- pond : I never knu one tew git drowned bi ac- ksident, Tha luv cream, but it seems tew be agin their reldgin tew tetch soap. Cats and dogs have never been able tew agree on the main question; that both seem tew want the affirmotiff- side tew onst. I think if i could have my way, thare wouldn't be enny more cats born, unless tha could show a certificate ov good moral karaktar. There iz one thing more about cats whish seems tew me tew be all affecktashun, and that iz making such a develish noise under a feller's winder o' nights, and then kall it musik. If i was tu hav mi choice detween a cat and a striped snake, I would take the snake, bekause I could get rid of the snake by letting him go. There ain't no sartin way to kill a cat ; if you git one worked up into sassages, an' yu think yu are awl rite, jist azs likeli as no tha will cum to and take off a whole lot of good sassages with them. These are mi views about cats, rather hastily hove together, and if I ain't sed enuff agin them, it is only bekause i lack the informa- shun. 