EXECUTION OF THE MDRDERER9 OF THE REV MR. VOLKNER, MR FULLOON, AND THE CREW OF THE KATE. I (From the New Zealand Herald.) On Thnrsday, May 17th, the aboriginal natives Moko . moko, Heremite, Hakaraia (murderers of the Rev. Karl 8ylvius Volkaer), and Horomona (aooesBory), Mikaere Kfrimanga (principal), for the murder of Mr. Fulloon and the orew of the Kite, were hanged within the precincts of Mount Eden Stookade. The Rev. Father Maodonald (Roman Catholic), visited the-gaol on Wednesday night about 8 o'olook, jost after fie Rev Mr. Graae, to whom most of the prisoners were w~ll known, as he was to thom, had left. The tongi was a scene of the moBt painful kind, but it prodnoed no deo hration upon the part of the prisoners, or those who " vi lited them, beyond what was already known. We be- lieve however, that the oondemned prisoners have seve- rally written to his Exeellenoy the Governor statements giving an explanation of their oonduot, and giving an uooonnt of all the transactions whioh led np to the ter- rible catastrophe for whiob they wereoondemned to suffer. A few minutes after seveB o'olook, the Rev. Dr. Mann sell arrived at the gaol, almost simultaneously jvith the Roman Catholio fathers Maodonald an i Nivârdo. The several olergymon proceeded at once to the oondemned . cells, where they remained with the prisoners ia prayer txatll a quarter of an hour before the oiesntion. At ten iai nu tea to eight o'oleok, Messrs. Scottor struck the irona off the feet of Horomona, Propiti (Solomon the Prophet), and Mokomoko, who again retired to their cells and were engagtd io prayer until the bell tolled. The scene whioh was presented at this time was more than nsnally solemn ead impressive. The admission to the gaol yard was by t!oket, and from 150 to 200 persons mast have been präsent. The demeanonrof the speetaters, whether without er within the precinots of the gaol, was in keeping with the reality of the scene that was being OMoled. At eight o'olook the prison bell tolled, when the Sheriff accompanied by the governor of the gaol, proceeJed to the oondemned oells and oommunioated to the olergjmon in attepdenoe upon the Protestant culprits, Horomona and Mokomoko, thai the time had expired. The cell doors were at once opened, and his Exce'leno/s warrant was read over to the two prisoners. The executioner, en reloped in orape to the waist, took up his position behind ooah prisoner as be emerged from his cell, and proseeded with alaority to the werk of pinioning. Horomona was the first to appear ; his eyes were olosedi and he ottered the responses in a voice singularly sonorous, and with enanoution particularly olear. He was entirely pas- sive. He had been divested of the long white beard which distinguished him npon his trial, and instead of the lock of hair on his forehead, whioh like a pbylaotery marked him oat as the hierophant of the Baw superstition, bis hair was oropped close to the scalp. The demeanour of Mokomoko was less quiet. His rest- less eyea sought the faoe of everyone, until they met the oonntenanoe of some fellow native, of whom there were six or seven present, and then be would give ex- pression to a oonvulsive " ibaia," or " What ia the nae?" This word be utterd two or three times in reply to the exhortations to pray from the pieudo-propbet, bia fellow* in condemnation. Wheo Mokomoko oame forth into the open air be turned round towards the other divisions of toe gaol and uttered aloud " e korirah," or " Farewell," and several times on his marou to the soaffold he ex- claimed, " tenei ra kan tatt na pskeha," or A Farewell pakehas." When the two men arrived at the foot of tie soaffold and asosnded they were" self-possessed, and be- trayed not the slightest indication of tremnlonsness or faltering. Thev were preoeded by the gaoler, Mr. Took well, the Sheriff, Colonel Balneavii, and Dr- Maun sel I, reading the appropriate servio». The air of Horomona waa that of a devotee, and whilst the halter was being adjusted he was motionless, yet crying alond, "e te, atna te tohanga e ban" ("Lord have meroy npon me") Be ventured to turn towards Mokomoko, and exhorted him to prayer, when again the response was "ihaia" (" What's the nse ?") Daring the process of adjasting the halter, Mokomoko exclaimed, " tenei ahau e mate harakore," (" I die without oanse," or " 1 am fnnooent.") Having said this he closed his eyes, and gave himself en* tirely op to the hangman. The Rev. Dr. Maunsell having finished prayers, shook the two prisoners by the hand. The bolt was about to -be withdrawn, wheo the eaeontloner wai so overoome with nervousness as to ren- der it doubtful whether, if left unassisted, some misad- venture might not ooour. However, the bolt waa with- drawn, and the two men fell. The death of Horomona .rai instantaneous. There was one oonvulsive shudder apparent and all wa« over. Mokomoko struggled .lightly, bat in less than a minute all symptom of motton had ceased to be observable. The bodies were left bang- ing for the nsnal period of an hour, when they were lowered into the ooffim provided for them,- The provin- cial surgeon pronounced that life was in each oass eatinot. .... ,..,_. By nine o'clook a considerable aooession to tue numter of speotators had taken place. Two oateobists from the Boman College had taken upa position, kneeling, outsido the penal department ; the two priests (tbe Rev. Fathers Maodonald and Ni vardo) being in the cell« with their penitents. The same odremony of striking off the ¡rons bad taken plaoe in this oase as in the former. The do mesnour of Heremita and Hakaraia was that of men thoroughly subdued, but yet placid and eolleoted. The deportment of Kirimanga, the leader who called for twenty men to kill the Pakehas, was that of a person i half dead. He kept his eyes shut, swayed about in startled impotence, and was only sustained by bia two companions-upon whose shoulders his head for some time rested during the progress to the gallows-from a thorough break down. In the oase of these, as in the former, there was no disposition to speak. They bent their heads respeotfully to the unhatted crowd as they passed. Io truth the two first hadopenlyconfessed their guilt, and that of all three was loo fully established toadmit either of oomplaiot or explanation. The procession was preosded, as in the former oase, by the gaoler and the Sheriff; in the present instance the two priests walking beside the moribund prisoners with breviary in hand, and cruoifix in view, giving out the litany for the dying, to whioh the prisoners hall audibly responded. In this order they mounted the scaffold- Hakaraia ocoupying the right hand, Heremita the middle, and Kirimanga the extreme left, The dread preparations havkg been made, the olergyman' passed in front of the oondemned men, offering them the cruoifix, which eaoh kissed. The clergymen retired, the bolt was again drawn, and death, in the oases of Hakaraia and Heremita, was in- stantaneous. They were exceedingly heavy, muscular, wall-nourished men. Kirimanga was a singular oontrast to tbem ; he was merely a nay, slightly built, and emaciated to a skeleton. His aheeks and eye.sookets were so hollow that he almost resembled a ghost. After tbe lapse of four minutes, the hangman bad to pul) the body by the feet, and life was extlnot. It would be in ordinary oases needless to comment upon the antecedents of men who have disoharged the penalty of a horrible orlme with the forfeit of their lives; but something more is neoessary in the present oase than a mere record of their exeoution. The vlotitns of a debasing superstition, they lived only long enough that they might die beside the exponent of the Imposture by which they were deceived, Horomona win, as he looked, the true type of the religious or irreligious enthusiast, just as his intelligence led him. Kirimanga, OB the other hand, was the fitting instrument with whioh to work oat . superstitions end, impulsive, illiterate, in «oasidernte, and filled with imaginary hale. Mokomoko has always borne a obaraeter of hostility to Europeans, nanning, unscrupulous, with a " lean and hungry look" fer Sievanoes. Of the two men Hakaraia and Heremita, ey have borne, the former a neutral character, the latter si fair oharaoter. The jdemanda of the law have been justified, well deserved retribution has overtaken the prime movers io two horrible crimes, notwithstanding that the Royal olemenoy has favoured some that were gniltr. 