TOOWOOMBA. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) July 21. THE intelligence received from Brisbane is now looked forward to with the greatest interest. The news conveyed by the late papers has created great excitement. The Governor is condemned in no measured terms, and it is suggested that not only should the Assembly reduce his salary by £1500 a-year, but that a petition should be sent home requesting his im- mediate recall. For some time past, it is said by parties here, he has been playing a sort of fast-and-looso game holding with the hare and hunting with the hound ; pretending friendship to Macalister and Co., but holding secret communion with Messrs. Herbert, Pring,- Sando man, Dalrymple, and Co. at the same time. His Excellency has no idea of the ruin he is inflicting on the colony by his assumption of the office of Dictator, and his " appointment of a Provisional Committee." Responsible Government is now at a close. It is no use the people appointing representatives to Parliament, when the Governor can do as he pleases, and appoint a Provisional Committee to manage public affairs. The people here are all of opinion that the Macalister Ministry is the best that the colony ! can have. There is a rumor current that Groom is going to resign, and that Pring is coming here in the oven of his certain defeat for Ipswich ; but Mr. Pring might as well disabuse his mind of any success in this constituency. Not only is he himself in disfavor, but what is more, all in the two towns interested in the Eastern Downs will act in concert with the electors of that constituency, who have already arranged to invite Mr. John Douglas to contest the election with Mr. J. D. McLean. Mr. Douglas' election is certain as all the Allora farmers, as also all the farmers around Warwick, are in favor of him. The Talgai gold-diggers also go in for Douglas. As for Pring thinking he can come in for / Drayton and Toowoomba, the idea is absurd. He must not think his relatives and appointeD have any influence here ; he had better go to the Gulf of Carpentaria for election, for he has not the ghost of a chance here. If his own oonBtitucncy-Ipswioh-disown him, which is quite probable, he had better ask His Excellency to name Moreton Island as a constituency, under the provisional Government, and stand for it. He might be elected for it, but certainly for no other Queensland constituency. It is rumored about town that he has already written to some two or three Government officials to know his prospects bore j but Mr. Pring may rest assured that if he thinks he can get in here he is very much mistaken. All classes here sympathise with the late Government, and do not hesitate to condemn in the most unqualified terms the conduct of Sir George Bowen. The excitement here is intense. What is to be done in the present crisis is a question asked by all What is to be effected to save the colony from financial ruin - In this town hundreds of men are seeking employment, and cannot find it. The railway contractors say the Government cannot pay us because the Governor has foolishly stopped in between the Parliament and the Executive, and there is an end to pay more for the present period. You must do the best you can, but let the responsibility rest on those who ought to bear it. This is no time for temporising. There are in this district hundreds of men out of employment, and it is foolish to shut our ears to the reasons assigned for it. Up in this district the greatest astonishment is evinced at Dalrymple being Colonial Secretary. When Sir George Bowen disregards the first principles of responsible Government, and flies in tho face of all law and constitutional precedent, it is no wonder that he should do anything to support his extraordinary position. The Governor got a good reception when he first came here, but if he came here now he would receive a reception very widely dif- ferent to that accorded him when he first visited this district. Business of all kinds is suspended in the town, and in view of the present crisis there is a serious panic. It is hoped by all classes the better judgment of the more sensible members of the Assembly will prevail, and that matters may yet be arranged to the benefit of the colony. 