K-TCUE.SYDSKY ISTTIliiTAUr INQUIRY. A Parliamentary : papjr has been ¡Bsuod, hoing roturo to nn address of tho Adorably, pr*yinr» t"> .qppie.i of all oorriwpondouco mid minutes of tho IC wi .tivo Oounoil, relnting to tho appointment of a eon mission to inquire into the prudent stato of tho Sydu. Iuflrmary. Tho corrospondeiicn causista of lottoi between tho Quvnriiineut and tho director*. A spocii sequost having been Hinno by four of tho diroctor Westra. A Dlclt, 51. Ii, Maiming, Govouy, and J. C ttaphaol, for un inquiry by tho Government, n Koyi ?Commission was issued for that purpotto to tho ho1 A. H. Stophon nnd Messrs. A. Dick, E. Flood, KA Huut, and A. A. P. Tighe, M.P Tho directory hoi' ?over, refused to noknowledgo tho right of tho Govorr moat to institute thc inquiry excepting by parmissioi and tho Colonial Secretary refusad to subscribe to tho: ' terms. Tho weekly committoo then hold an investigi lion of tboir own, and fowardnd thu particulars to li ïîxoelloncy tho Governor. Wo append tho fol lo win abridgment of tho ovidenco sent by the committoo t tho Governor, together with tho minuto of bia Exco leuoy thereupon : - Bvidcnce taken in investigation, hy Weekly Coramitte of the Sydney Infirmary, into charges again: certain officials in that institution. 1'lTIt AUQUST lira. Harrison was oallod in and examinad : A cor ' ti dca te of character for honesty, industry, nndrespoctfc conduct was read, Mado a communication to Mi Covony, af forwards to Mr. Dick ; havo good knowledg of what goes on in the institution; know tho hous «toward ; Sweony reçoives storos ¡ DxvU woighs ovory thing ; nover seo Williams doiug so ; rations come a . 7 a.m.; Williams is uover up till 8, 9, or 10 ; William gots drunk ; oook has seen it, lGth of last month ; hav ? soca toa and sugar taken away ia a bag by Williams . Sweeny carried euch a bag along about a month bc fora I loft ; this was reported to Mrs. Ghost, am Williams was repriinaudod ; took old clothes ; alway carries a large bag; do not know contents; a lotte was writton by Williams to Eliza Williams askin] ? Jirandy j boforo Elira Williams was found by Mrs. Fr ' taking brandy ; Williams, on Saturday, used to tak -. .primo joints ; Mra Fry told that Williams tool patients' wino and brandy ; know Miohaol Nunan car ciod lettor to Willlama asking brandy ; Elina Williami feund by Mrs. Fry with falso koy; in tho house surgeon's quarters there ara his sister, Mrs. Hanna kia nophow, Henry Houston, a boy, Wotherol ; houso \- »argoon has neither bulohcr, bakor, milkman, grocer Norah Welsh waits on Sunday ; Mrs. Fry is night nara«, her hours should ba 0 to 0 ; besides her duties, washes for six wardamen ; gots help of girl who ha: .Ats ; on ono occasion could not attend to her duties "having six shirts to wash ; keeps koya ; has four ol * family ; ona eon is kitchoa-man ; two chi! ' deon always fed in kitchen ; husband lately come from country ; stays at Bonnet's ; Eliza GhoBt, Mra .Ghost's grandchild, resides in houso ; Harry the .painter stays at Bennot's ; also, Ben no t's mother and Bonnet's two children ; Goorgo Pooley, who tears up ? tho bundles of old clothing ; Caroline Jewell, Watson ? X'ord, Mrs. Fry's two children, Mrs. Fry, Mrs. Fry'e Jiuaband, all resido in tho house ; four pirie wore -engaged washing to Mrs. Smith for a fortnight befare Jthey wont to England ; also on ooming back, Mar- garet Moran, Norah Bonnet, Nunan, Harry, tho painter, -«ugagod cleaning Mra Smith's house ; expoe'ed money ; some acousod Norah of kaoping tho payment received ; do not know that any but houso soap was used ; Bonnet and his wife did not livo comfortably, .bis wife waa joilous of Bannot'a boing in company -with Norah Welch ; left fer a time, and stayed apart ; X did not soo them togothcr, peoplo only thought eo ; 'Williams said ho had seen thom in tho bath ? roon» together ; Mn. Bonnet soarchoa an -Itour on Sunday, and two on Thursday ; ienow Dominick, Mrs. Ghost's brother ; said ho saw Sonnet and Norah togothcr, and Mrs. Fry pulled Bonnet out; Bonnot and Norah went to tho water -together: Dominick comos with a cart and carries «way bread and moat ; I boliove broken broad, pigwash ; Watson, tho charcoal man, who usod to got it, quarrelled ?with him about it ; Mrs. Dyer eaid ho had told hor one .day that ho had enough old clothing to etart a pawn nhop; Dominick did uot get fat, Mrs. Ghost sold it ; Mr. jll'Cracken heard Dyer say, whon asked what sido ho .would take, that ho would speak what was right ; vSonnot keeps a horse, nothing comes in for it ; Mrs. <3host's eon said Mrs. Fry waa soon taking advantage of lira. Ghost in her illness; on Friday she took tea, . coffee, sugar ; Mrs. G host's son had dinnor every day .at tho houso; Dyer eaid ho ssw Norah bring to tho cart a roll of calico, which ^Dominick carried away ; Michaol'Nunan chiefly trims <tho doctor's gardon ; laundresses and malo patients, «ovon, fourth ward, aro in tho habit of larking and ?pulling about each otbor, but nothing to say improper; ?on washing days wa commence at 2 a.m ; tho patients ?aro appointed to help them ; thero is not sufficient -clothing; thero isa regular system of ; ip-itients wash tboir own caps on Sunday morning ; Mrs, Af'Crackon is night nurso ; havo seen her drunk, and .?with a black cyo throe weeks; whon wo had.ono night nurso she washod tho flannels ; now wo havo two, can ' not got thom dono ; Sf rs. M Crackcn makes the bads in Mrs. Ghost's room ; I havo seen Mrs. Fry with a lot .of coats and flannels out of tho store; Mr. Williams .gave hor thom ; somo of tho patients wero a fortnight wsshiug clothes for Mis. Fry; Cook told mathatsho .saw Sweeny pour beef tea down .tho drain, tho dish was too full ; Harry tho painter gets his meat in tho '.'houso ; tho houso blaukots aro usod in tho.matron's and 'Stewards' apartments ; I havo feeon a chintz bog in tho -.atora; heard that Bonnet put a man to bed in a .dirty Btato ; heard Mrs. Ghost say that uny .thing sent in by tho directors was to ho .quickly used ; soda was sent in by Mr. Raphael ; Mrs. -iihoat said to take plenty now, as Mr. Baphaol had sent in a ton ; supposu aho meant that thero waa scarcity .boforo, now wo could uio moro freely; wero verv short ?tfoforo ; soda, when scarce, was looked up ; Mtllnnd is night-watchman in IV ward j reported by cook for ~ taking property; used to drink ; Mrs. Ghost tied a ropo round tho door to keep him in once ; tho gatekeeper has seen him drunk several days; Price's daughter ..enid ho got a pound a week for fat ; Mrs. Ghost's 4rionds lived in Livorpool-streot, things went to them ; I washed for Mrs. Ghost and Mrs. Houston ; washed thirtcon pinnafores ; Ford told Davis that bo burnt his 'diary, on Mrs. Ghost saying, if ho did so, ho would ?bo kept ; Mrs. M'Crsoken also kept a diary ; Mrs. <Q host said if eho got hold of it she would burn it ; saw Mrs. M'Craokon a month ago drunk whilo dressing Mrs. Ghost's hair ; Watson, charcoal-man, took away .slid bods to his Chinamen. \- Dyor, gatekeeper, oxamincd : I know Mrs. Harri- son ; I know Dominick ; ho comes to tho institution twico or thrico a wnok, bringa mo somotimes two casks ; <thoy como, I supposu, ompty; do not know whnthor .thoy go away full, nor what is in them ; havo hoard rpig stuff; havo soon Bevural bundles go ; tho matron tola mo they wero cast-off clothing; hoard my wifo say 'Dominick said he had enoußh hero to lit out a pawn .ahop ; I eeo tho IIOUBQ steward up at 7 a,m ; cook -receives tho meat ; matron roso vory carly ; Norah opened the gato to Bonnet ono night at ll ; nov or saw them come in togothar; M'Cnekon oponed another sight ; only our bakor, butchor, milkman comes ; tho houso surgeon's sister, nephew, boy Wetherall, dalhorino Sowol, Mrs, Fry, Bennot's mother, Harry tho painter, and Ford Uro in tho house ; orders used to bo sont for bread, meat, &c.;, for dootor, during Iiis wifo'a ¡lines:, not cinco : I havo ceca Williams, Bonnet, Harry tho painter, Mason, Mrs. McCracken, Norah, Mrs. Harrison, tho «worseof liquor; most of them not helplessly, thoy ? could keop their legs and tako care of themselves, and giro good ovuning ; Bonnet and Norah were once or twice slightly ; when Mra, Harrison got drunk-sho did got drunk-you could hear it all over tho premisos ; sho got drunk, at least, twico a year ; I saw a roll of calico brought by Norah and put it in the carl,- it was . dork, I folt it with my hand. 