ltEWIS__OF__WE W S. " Philosophers have confused themselves," is the waking utterance of the Rip- van- Winkle of the Press, who affords the best sample of a confused philosopher; that we have met with for maay a day. Having, at last, unsealed its hun dred -eyes, ./the Argus gives the result of its meditations on the Ministerial transforma tion in the following parable : " The M'CullGch Ministry has Undergone so many and such ex tensive mutations v that it is at least a puzzle to determine whether it should bear the name of M'Cnlloch or not. - With four new members addedjiand with two old /members removed, if can scarcely be the same ; and yet, if not the same, what else is it ? An illustration happily comes to our relief.' A Jack-tar, who had fought ac the Nile and at Trafalgar, was maimed in each of these engagements and was at length finally disabled. At the first-he lost his. left arm ; but, being a handy fellow, and an enthusiastio Salt, he was permitted tp do, light duty with his right. At Trafalgar, however, he received a bullet in his remaining upper limb, which, was tempora rily bandaged. But, while waiting for the sur geon to operate, a chain-shot carried off both his legs. Although, in the person of . Mr Michie, the left, arm has been - amputated, and an arti ficial limb, with a hook at the end of it, has been substituted 'in the person of/Mr - Bindon, this change, however serious, is not vital to the ex istence of the Ministry. Then, again',1 if the left leg has been lost "in the person of Mr Sullivan', and a wooden leg is to be made to do duty for it in the person' of Mr Macgregor,' enough' re mains to" the /Ministry to save its identity, arid for a , time to prolong its existence." — The simile is a picturesque' one, to say the least, but it evidently disappoints the writer, and the " entliusiastic Salt " is soon discarded for some thing else. "We next have in the Ministry, as at present constituted, a melange of incongrous and mutEally-repellant elements-; or, mayhap a better illustration is, the chamber of a menagerie, in which spaniel and hound, mastiff and cur, bull-dog and setter, are shut up together to do as their several instincts may lead them." We were evidently not far wrong in predicting the consequences of Mr M'Culloch's act upon the wits of his critics ! Here is another sample of what the Argus calls " a confused philosopher." It is supplied by the Bendigo Advertiser, who is so hopelessly gravelled by the retire ment of Mr Sullivan as to become incoherent. " We are confident that if the matter so preserited itself to his mind, Mr Sullivan would just as readily make a sacrifice to satisfy those who are interested, in his retention of office, but we are bound to say that if it would be incompatible with his self-respect so to retain it, he was perfectly right in quitting it, though others should suffer, for they would suffer no less if he remained in office without possessing a proper position in the Cabinet." - The following melancholy paragraph we take frotri the A v otis — On Wednesday a deputation . from Clunes waited upon the Hon. Mr Sullivan, Minister of Mines, to enforce the necessity of the water scheme in that district being carried out. It con sisted of Mr Sunderland (mayor of Clunes), Messrs Bland/Patterson, Marks, /Appleby, Coundon,. Jes- sup, and "Wills; and it was introduced by Messrs Fraser, B. G. Davies, and J. T. Smith, members of the Legislative Assembly. Mr Bland said that another dry season such as they had had would greatly affect the mining. At the present time there were some alluvial claims - idle and unproduc tive. The gold obtained from the Clunes 'district; amounted altogether to £2.800,000. The surveys of the water sckeme.were completed, the estimates . were prepared, and the borough councils were ready to pay the interest upon the debentures. Mr Sul livan expressed his. regret that nothing .could be done to meet the wishes of the deputation. Owing to the state of the treasury, no; further money could be advanced. , The "two contracts for water supply already let (the /Colibau and Geelong) must, however, be. proceeded with. Mr Fraser asked if they were to understand when these contracts were finished the works would be .stopped unless Parlia ment voted a further sum of money ? Many members would not like to see the public money used solely for the two coutracts in question. Air Sullivan said he would have no objection to leave a record for the guidance of his successor in the department, to the effect that the Clunes water scheme should be undertaken as early as circumstances would permit. The deputation then withdrew. A telegram was received on Tuesday to the effect that Mr M'Intyre, the leader of the Leieh- hardt Search Expedition, died about six o'clock on the 4th of June last, at Gilliot Creek, near the station of his brother. Ho was buried on the east bank of the lagoon in' that locality. His death was accelerated by .fever, which, it is sup posed, he caught in Burke Town. / Those who have subscribed to the Skating Rink are requested to attend a meeting to be held this evening at the Castlemaine Hotel, at half-past seven o'clock, for the purpose of making "arrangerrients for future operations. At the usual weekly.meeting of the Young Men's Christian Association, Mrr G. C. Leech, Pre sident, in the chair, Mr Meeting read an essay on Hampden. It was listened to with much attention, being full of interest, and written in terse and ele- - gant English. A conversation ensued which gra dually led to very wide topics, and ultimately an in teresting discussion arose on the origin of evil; ThePresident explained the opinions of Zoroaster on ; the point, which were that matter was, eternal, that for a long cycle the Primceval Spirit did not ally itself iii any. wise ;with matter ;v at last, it. created beings composed of . bothj spirit and matter, man being one of such creations. . / Iu these complex beings, the two natures -were at continual strife, the Spiritual having a tendency to what. was pure and refined, whilst the material ever gravitated to the gross and the impure, and hence originated what was called moral evil. The President, in the course of his remarks, expressed his own opinion that there was no purely spiritual being save God, the spirit of all other beings having a material home, though the matter, in some instances, was intensely subti lised. No doubt the world around us was full of such beings, although our vision was too gross to see them. Mr Meeking inquired if any man had ever seen such beings? The President thought that all the stories about ghost seeing could not be utter fables. No doubt some human beings of nervo-ecstacic temperament had been able to dis cern the spiritual world around us, as in the case of the second sight of the Highlanders. After some further conversation on these topics, the meeting closed with prayer. The business of the next meeting will consist of a debate on, "Whether cheap literature is injurious or otherwise to the morals of the people." The Argus Co., Guildford, are now washing continually from the drives being put m, pre paratory to blocking out. The yields aTeeTJ good ; for instance, 20 loads washed on We nesday gave 6oz. Our notice of the dirty appearance of the ex terior of the Post-office does not seem to have been without effect. The building is now being repaired and painted, and will, in a short time, have a more creditable look about it. The Castlemaine amateurs are engaged in re hearsing a performance for the purpose of in creasing the Brooke Memorial Fund, lhe entertainment will come off in the course of a week or two. The resignation of Cr Price will cause a change in the list of retiring members at the annual election. Previously, the Mayor, Crs Vivian, and Price, had to seek re- election if they desired to retain their seats, but as the Mayor has declared an extraordinary vacancy by reason of Cr Price s resigna tion, Cr Baker, with the _ Mayor and Cr Vivian, will have to go to their constituents. It is competent for the Mayor to hold the election for the extraordinary vacancy on the same day as the annual election, but we do not know whether or not he will adopt this course. A prize fight took place yesterday for a purse of money. The pugilists fought for two hours, and the battle resulted in the victory of Eddy over Jellett. The punishment on each side was severe. A moonlight parade of the Volunteer ; Rifle Corps will take place next Wednesday evening, at half past seven o'clock. i "We hkve received a copy of tne Australian News for this month, which is. altogether a pleasing issue. The views are well chosen, and some of them well executed. The list includes— Travelling Sheep, night camp.CatchingTurties at Chatham Island, the. dingo, or native, dog,., the Melbourne Banking Company's premises, Maley Shops, Billiton, Chinese Campf roa.d scene Java, Batavia, the capital of Java, -and-a view of the Clyde, Tasmania. 'There is also a good like ness of the Rev. Andrew" Robertson, formerly stationed at Castlemaine, in connection with the Presbyterian Church, and also a view of the/hew church; West Melbourne, now in course Of erec tion by his congregation there. We must not forget to mention that accompanying the number is a tinted sketch, representing; a pbrtiotnof the interior of the Melbourne Library, and the ex terior of the Town Hall, Melbourne. A meeting of the committee of the Agricul tural Society, was held yesterday, at the Sui- preme Court hotel.' :The-meeting was called for the purpose of receiving and adopting the financial statement for the past year. -The ba lance to the credit of the society at the present time is £188 18s 8d. It was resolved to call on all defaulting subscribers to pay up arrears pre vious to the 31st inst., to prevent their/ names being struck off the list of subscribers to be then prepared for issue. The secretary was .ordered to call for tenders , for printing the reports, and a sub-committee, consisting of the President, and Messrs Slattery, and Butler was appointed to meet on Monday next, at noon, to receive and deal with them. The Secretary was also instructed to call a special meetirig of the society, for 4 p.m., on Tuesday next, at the Town Hall, for the purpose of appointing a de putation to wait on the local Intercolonial Exhi- biton committee, in order to, if possible, make arrangements for holding the forthcoming show in connection with the contemplated;locai Exhi bition. The society intend Offering a/suni not exceeding £50, in prizes, and to hand over all monies received in excess of that amount to the Exhibition Committee. A public lecture was delivered by Mr.Mc- Dlwrick, in the Newstead Common School, on Tuesday evening last, in, aid of the school fund; The subject chosen was " Superstition ; " and, judging from the fluency of his language, and the amount of information he brought forward on the subject, it was evident that he had made himself master of the subject. The attention of the audience (which numbered over a hundred) and the frequent bursts of applause with which his remarks were received, showed that his j hearers appreciated the treat he had prepared j for their amusement and instruction. During the evening a few of the Newstead ladies ren dered some pretty Scotch songs in a charming style, and this feature greatly enhanced, the amusement of the evening. The usual votes of thanks were passed. ; r . , % ; Mr Wemyss Jobson' yesterday visited Castle maine, and called on several/ persons an-. the town exhibiting phptographic views of himself " neddy " in hand, Mr Jobson informed some of his hearers that the M'Culloch Ministry, in order to get rid of him,, kept him/awhile; in . gaol, dressed in unmentionables which reached little j below his knees. His other clothing was also of! the sam®. disproportionate dimensions; but he I managed to survive the ordeal. Mr Jobson, \ after vainly endeavoririg to prevail on some wealthy capitalist to " go halves " in a lecture he proposed to deliver on Fenians" arid .the Yic- torian Government, has, we believe, left to con tinue his wanderings in search of, an audience. The banks' have made no- alteration"" inHhe rates of discount. Only one meeting of the man agers of the various banking establishments has been held since the arrival of the mail, and at i that it was resolved, as we announced in our com mercial columns some days ago,' to raisethe rates of exchange on drafts on England to'li per cent, premium. " Messrs. Browne and Reid, whose, suspension was announced in our columns yesterday, are bondsmen for Customs duties to/the. extent of £4,000. An interesting question now arises as to whether these; bonds will .constitute a prefe rential claim. . " " / ' / ' ' . A case . will shortly come before the Supreme Court in its ecclesiastical jurisdiction, in which the respondents are not unknown in this neighborhood, and the appellant resident in the neighbourhood of : Bet Bet. , The tale connected with the contending parties has some rather singular features. , It .ap pears that the appellant, Mr—-, several years .ago wooed aud won a Miss — . After,, the marriage, she admitted being the mother of a child, the result of an intimacy on shipboard with Mr— . For a few year3 they lived as happily as, under the circum stances, they could do, until , one , day,, on his re turning home, he saw a strange man talking to his wife. Shortly afterwards, - on pretence of feeling a little unwell, she went out for a waik, and did not return. No trace of. the runaway could be found, until a month or two. ago the husbaud happening, by- mere chance, to call at an hotel, was surprised to see his wife behind the bar counter. That she: was mistress of the establishment was pretty "evi dent. Mr the stranger, was also evidently .the landlord,' and the only question irequiring solution; was as to who claimed the paternity of the nu-> merous family running about. . The legal manager, mining manager, aud : shift/ captain of the Albion Company, who were indicted for causing the death of James Heron, were tried in the Circuit Court on Wednesday, and acquitted. Mr Dawson was, with the Crown Prosecutor, for the Crown; and Mr Aspinall, Mr M'Dermott, aud Mr Walsh, for the accused man. The judge charged the jury that however reprehensible the prisoners' conduct might have been, they were not responsible for the foolhardy act of Heron, who had caused his own death in face by venturiug down the mine. The jury were in deliberation twenty minutes only. The Ballaarat Star is informed that the recent smoking-out at the Warrior aud Don mines is likely to form the subject of au application to his Honor the Judge of Court of Mines. Tne affair would seem to have been very ugly, andouly for prompt action on the part of the Don manager and his men, several lives might have been in jeopardy. Wich the trials pending at the C.rcuit Court now sitting, for los3 of life at Sebastopol through the use of similar means of attack, it might have been thought more respect for the decencies of civilisation would have been ex hibited by the parties implicated. The directors of the Warrior Co. disavow having given instruc tions to smoke out their rivals. The Privateer and Don drives have broken into each other, and the parties fraternised, The steamer Barwon was yesterday sold to Mr S. G. Henty for £3,600. We have the Hokitika Chronicle of the 7th inst The following is the only item of interest contained in it " A party of miners are said to have discovered payable gold on the Mikonui River, which is situate two miles to the south of Donoghue's Creek. No prospecting claim had been applied for when our iniormant left the lo- tara, but the discoverers were known to have acquainted many of their friends with full Par" ticulars concerning the discovery. sa/ tliafc no great prospect was obtained, but the ground would pay good wages. The country along both banks of the Mikonui has been a favorite locality for prospectors, it presenting every appearance of being an auriferous district, At Redmond's Gully, about five miles up the river, a small population has for some time been profitably employed, and scattered parties of miners have been quietly working for months past in several of the contiguous gullies." We have often had to refer to the curiosities of oath taking and oath administration and now we have another curiosity. All visitors to courts of law, says the Star, are awarri thak amid all the diversities of practice that exist it is uni versally held that the book must be held in the right hand when the witness takes the oath. There is some mysterious virtue in the right hand, as compared with the left in the eye of the law. But at the Circuit Court, on Wednes- ; day, " a. woman with her right arm and hand wounded and. in a sling; had to giy© evidence. Here was a dilemma— either no oath or a left- handed one. The crier in a quandary seemed to look at the slung arm, the judge and the as sociate, all at once. The "witness looked calm but unutterable things. Happily the associate came to the rescue and directed the crier to tolerate the left hand, and thus the oath was ad ministered. ; / / / : // / A requisition is being got up at Carngham to Mr George Rolfe, who has declined to stand for the North Western Province, requesting him to allow himself to be put.in nomination- at the forthcoming election as a candidate for the re presentation of the South Western Provice. In, replying to a requisition of the electors of the N orth Western Province, Mr Rolfe refers to his political views as follows : — " Such a retorm of the Upper House as will reduce the qualification both of members and electors to one-third of the present qualifications, to increase the number of provinces to twelve, to increase the number of members to thirty-six, and thac one third of the whole number should go out every two years. Perhaps one third to retire on a dissolution of Parliament. I desire to see encouragement to a greater diversity of industries, and if the present tariff should be modified so as to increase duties ou\ things which can be manufactured here, if I were in Parliament, I should support measures to that end. I am strongly in favor of the most liberal administration of the land laws, and such liberal laws as will give the greatest facility for persons settling upon the land." A novel specimen of a lawyer's letter has been sent to the Ballaarat Post for publication. , It is as follows Law Chambers; Lydiard-street, Ballaarat, 10th July,- 1866/ Sir,— I am in structed by Mrs Sinclair, who has obtained pro bate; of the will of her late husband, to apply to you for payment of 6d, for goods supplied to you by the late firm of A. Sinclair and, Co., and to re quest that you will pay the same at your earliest convenience to Messrs E. Jones .and Co., who are now carrying on. the business in the same pre mises. Your1 obedient servant, Henry Cuth- bert. Mr Kemp." It is understood that a for- maTfe'ceipfc will be demanded on payment of the sixpence. The Melbourne correspondent of the Star writes : — Numerous axe the comments being made upon the motives that have brought .about, th e changes in the Ministry. Certain it is that some serious split has taken place. ; It only wanted Mr Sullivan's sorrowful bearing, Mr Michie's humility, and - Mr M'Culloch's evidently ruffled temper to confirm this. The new Ministers were sworn in on Wed nesday, and will take their places in their respec tive departments on Thursday. It does not seem quite clear to some, what position they are to take. Mr Macgregor has stated that he is to be Minister of Mines, and Mr Yale as confidently states that de partment is to be under his charge. Again it is said- that Mr Balfour did not refuse the Commis sion ership of Customs, simply because it was never offered to him. Another member of the House, a zealous partisan of the Government, and well known in the Ballaarat district, has been heard to avow that he has been hardly dealt with by an ungrate ful Ministry. At all events, he ought not to com plain, as he has for a long time enjoyed, and does ;still enjoy, the liberality of the M'Culloch adminis tration/" / ' , For the accoriipanying, the Ovens Constitution is responsible Great excitement was caused, on Saturday, at Twist's Greek, by the discovery of soine extremely rich quartz, a sackful of which is estimated to go over 1000 (one thousand) ounces to the ton, -at a very moderate estimate, as a good judge .offered £15 for four small specimens, weigh ing 12oz. The reef in question is the Victoria Reef, .at Twist's Creek, and has been unprofitably worked and almost abandoned, but very rich specimens having been previously found, the prospectors al ways had a lingering affection for the reef, and hay ing put on a man to continue a tunnel formerly abandoned by one of the. party named Fletcher (brother to Mr '.Donald Fletcher, Chairrnan of the Mining Board) as useless, they came upon this patch. There may be considerably more, but a patch, of SOOoz is pretty well. About nine o'clock on the evening of Tuesday, 17th. July, Mr Gaylor of Creswick, says the Star, was returning home from Ballaarat in a . spring cart, with his wife and three children. When within about two miles from Creswick he stopped and tied his horse up to a tree, in. .order -to assist Mr Smith, who was just behind, and whose horse had laid down with the cart. Something having frightened Mr Gaylor's horse, it broke away and galloped off. Mr Gaylor followed, but being un able, to overtake the cart, shouted out to Mrs Gay lor to let down the tailboard and lower the chil dren r and : herself from the cart. Mrs Gay lex managed to lower two children, but, while trying to put down the third— a boy about a year and a half old, she was by a sudden shock, thrown out ; the child, however, ; remaining in the cart, with which the horse went away at a rapid pace to wards Creswick. The distracted parents proceeded onwards," but to their horror, ou arriving at Cres wick, could get no tidings of the child or "the ve hicle. Upon the matter becoming known, about a hundred persons, amongst whom were Dr. Lindsay and Coastable O'Neill, proceeded to look after the child, but do traces could be met with, though the search was continued . during the night. About eight o'clock on Wednesday morning, Constable O'-Neill found the cart, with the horse attached, lying upset, with the axle broken, in the bush, about a mile beyond the Creswick Cemetery, towards Cliiries. O'Neill looked about the cart, but riot seeing the child, carefully followed the tracks, and at a distance of about 150 yards from the cart, saw the child sitting by the side of a fallen tree.' The poor little fellow on seeincr - O'Neill, held up his hands towards him most im ploringly, and began to cry. O'Neill immediately stripped off his coat, aud wrapping the child up in it, proceeded at a run to Creswick, where Mrs Ziele aud some other friends used every means to restore animation to the almost frozen extremities of the child. There are more races than those run by boats, pedestrians, or horses. Tn the Warden's court on Tuesday, says the Mercury, a number of complain ants sought to be put in possession of a claim at Sebastopol Hill, aud alleged that it was abaudoned. It was sworn by one of the defendants that since gold had been struck on both sides of the ground in - question he had been offered £o,000 for it. While the case was pending a person, nervous and aaitated, stood watchiug for the result, and imme diately upon seeing which way victory was inclin- iug, lie rushed up to the Warden, made fresh ap- licatiou for the ground, and placed his miners' rights Ik fore his Worship. The applicant was re ferred to the clerk of the Court, but ere the words itere out of the Wardens mouth the defendant's attorney thrust another application conspicuously under the judicial eye. The Warden appeared slightly embarrassed, the spectators iu Court — many interested persons— were restless with excitement, aud the legal gentlemen full of energy. The Warden most j udiciouslTTili the event, which stands thu8 a a fresh application 6e/ore tb/ aDant, brought into Court was record ecisio in th ade wards made an application - Jj fants3 were the first to make plicSt tly <Wd had been recorded. the the defendants are sumS 11' of complainants, and ! at the this was the first nare formed Ca granted. It would apnea?TUS sigoed defendants that they do not -the tin secure m their possession of tWsl f plainants were nonsuited b gT0Un(l. Thi 65 plaint without Toptr 1; fated th to obtain posserofer, trustee under a consolidatad l Uaole claim hf Mr Drummond decided was lu "f8 T'Xl up ground. Mr Foott, who on WetoLk ? plainants' case, took the opportS 4 any responsibility for the initiatioaf epudi-t£ ings which he was only employed 1 1 case so far has been a very conduct. ft, above-named faux jm j : costs that, will be incurred P Sy to I comes to a conclusion. The case as? I .gives, ample promise of good rioV W5Nj 1 lawyers, and lying as the ground d!, u8S for 'the I Ballaarat Tunnel and the Smeaton I .that result seems the more probable. cIS I 