ST. PAUL'S CHURCH, DENILIQUIN. ON Sunday last this newly-built " Church of England" was formally opened here pursuant to announcement The day was delightfully fine, though rather warm at times, and at eleven o'clock the structure was well filled by a highly respectable and intelligent audience, comprising all classes of society here. Some of the neighboring clergy of the English Church had been invited to attend on this solemn and interesting occasion, but none of them put in an appearance, consequently the whole of the church business of the day fell to the lot of the Reverend S. Harpur, who officiates here, and we hope, may live for many years to discharge his sacred duties. The church is decidedly the handsomest, the best built, and the most comfortable in the Riverine territory—and it would seem to reflect the greatest credit on those ladies and gentlemen who have labored so hard to carry, successfully through, an undertaking of no ordinary magnitude in a country so sparsely populated. If it had been possible to gather, in one room, the whole of the members, rich and poor in these districts, of the Anglican Church, we feel assured that this structure would, long since, have been erected and opened for service. Not the least difficulty, however, is that of securing parties, zealous in the cause, to co-operate because of our inability to get them together. The avocations of the bush population militate against their co-operation in all objects, religious, social, moral, or political The enterprising squatter is ever on the move—he may be at Sydney or Melbourne, or seeking for new country, or examining it— and men of every calling here are moving onwards. Again, the territory is so vast, and the people so scattered, that it is hopeless to expect that we can work together with that order and precision that distinguish peoples in our larger cities and towns. Hence, it is, that to a very great extent we are tyrannised over by the city and town masses, who manage to secure, for their use, the lion's share of our monies, swept away from the people of the country districts to the Sydney Government Treasury. There can be no doubt as to the fact that many of our wealthier colonists in the interior do not support our religious institutions in proportion to their means, which is greatly to be regretted. To a very considerable extent this is to be attributed to the peculiar manner in which they hold the lands—and we shall never feel the full benefit of the assistance which the crown tenants in Riverina could give to our religious, moral, and social institutions, until is accorded to them a more fixed interest in the country in which they operate. We may be pardoned for this divergence—we tread on delicate ground— of this we are aware, but it is for the purpose of inviting attention to what must appear an anomaly in these matters, as it shews the cause, why, in a country, whose principal men yearly amass large sums of money, that it should take so long a time to gather together, funds enough for erecting a building dedicated to the Most High. The uncertainty in regard to their possessions is at the root of the evil—of this there can be no doubt—the squatter's tenure is of the most fleeting and transitory character—the law has suspended over his head something like the sword of Damocles, and the crown tenant knows not the moment when the fatal blade may descend and sweep him away fromamongst us. The whole, or nearly so, of the labor necessary to lay the foundation work out, and finish our institutions, and give them the impress of durability, fells upon the townspeople of the interior. Scattered over an immense country as are the squatters, they cannot attend the town meetings for religious and other improvements 5 many of them give large sums in aid of these objects—they give generously, we hope conscientiously, and regularly—but they are few around Deniliquin who belong to the English Church. Two of our immediate crown tenants (of Moira and Warbreccan) are Roman Catholics—another large l^elder of crown lands, close to Deniliquin, is a Presbyterian—and several others are of the same church. We, therefore, have three churches to support, and the gross amount raised in aid of these three .establishments, if devoted to one faith, would be ample to support, liberally, one institution. We cannot, however, hope for such a union until the advent of the millennium, which, according to Baxter's prophecy is so near at hand, though sceptics say the signs of the times do not s» early promise the much longed for epoch. Again, if we look to the working, or industrial classes of Riverina^ we find that they are as nomadic as the squatters themselves. The working men are, to a very great extent^ houseless, and homeless, by the very nature of their avocations. Thousands of them are like the Arabs of old (and, indeed, the pure Arabs of the present day) they are " dwellers in tents"—they are rough improvident men—earning large wages, spending their hard earned monies m dissipation of the lowest order. And after the debauch they go back to their laborious occupations, earn more money, and again in the same manner spend it Their lives are one round of hard work and dissipation. They are well represented by the oft quoted labors of Syssiphus, pushing the stone up hill to return again to its former position at the base of the mountain. Such unfortunates "live, move, and have their being"—rbut little more. What is it to them that Christ died for our redemption ? The sound of the Sabbath bell has no charms for them—buried deep in the back-woods of Riverina, splitting, sawing and fencing—the lonely shepherd toiling, day by day after his sheep, on tie Sabbath as well as on the week days, religious rites land ceremonies are about the last matters that trouble him—and the hutkeepera and stockmen, all are on a par in this respect Uneducated in any faith—as a rule—these .men never : think of going to achurch. It is on the professionalmen, tradespeople, and artizans in the bush towns that all the labor fells in erecting and working : out our institutions. And while no one, whose mind is rightly formed, and of vigorous tfrne and action, would shirk his responsibility, or avoidthetask thus legitimately imposed on him—-still'" these matters press heavily, on the few men who thus labor iiv-jour flfinall country townsin Australia. The opening of one of these institutions devoted to 1 religion— or even to science and art—is a red letter in the calendar of our little towns, many of which are embryo cities. We have been somewhat unfortunate in respect to the English Church at Deniliquin. Some eight or nine years ago we set about erecting an English Church here, and had succeeded in raising about £1,200 for that purpose, at a time when labor, skilled and unskilled, and materials were enormously dear. Party feeling ran high, and there was a division among the members of the church as to the propriety of their building a costly edifice. However, the "Ayes" had it, and a church was built, not veiy unlike a tea chest in shape, comprising four brick walls, put together with homeopathic doses of mortar, and a roof on it weighty enough for a small cathedral. The parable of the foolish man who built his house ore the sand was not exactly carried out; but in consequence of our having used sand instead of mortar, the sequel was most unfortunate. It had stood for two or three years, and those who were instrumental in getting it erected, looked upon it with a triumphant air—they had cleared it of debt, as required by one of the canons of the church before it could be consecrated by the Bishop. Eventually, his Lordship came hither from Sydney for that purpose; the solemn and imposing ceremony passed off in a fitting manner, but before the succeeding Sabbath dawned a storm arose, and blew down the fabric—the huge roof fell flat through and did not leave, literally and truly, one brick upon another. We were then without a Church of England, and those who protested against spending the money on a building which could not be erected properly and substantially for the money then at their command, had their time of triumph. In the fece of these matters, it was no slight task to undertake that of procuring funds for another church, in the room of the one which had fallen. The members of the English Church were compelled to worship in the Ma- sonic Hall, and eventually in the Court-house. This state of things went on for several years, and the broad, unpleasing feet stared us in the face, that on the borders of Australia Felix, in a country as rich as any in the world—the land of sunny skies—here in Deniliquin—we were without an English Reformed Church wherein to worship. The unpleasant denouement connected with the first church having nearly passed away and beenforgotten—one spasmodic effort- had succeeded another, and had ended in hope deferred. At length, several men, possessing stout hearts and willing minds, set to work, and eventually triumphed. The result of their labors is the beautiful building opened on Sunday last, and which we sincerely hope is the nucleus of a future cathedral. Tie nature, form, and shape of the building, and its adornments, may be thus described :— The foundation-stone was laid by Judge Francis on the 13th March last, on which occasion he was presented with a silver trowel by the trustees. The ceremony was witnessed by about 300 people; the choir attended, and. sang hymns, and the Oddfellows marched from their Lodge-room to the site in full regalia* preceded by the local band, under the mastership of Mr. S. K. Miller. The building—at least the portion as far as it has been completed—consists of a nave, with temporary chancel and vestries • the nave is 50 feet by 30, and about 45 feet from floor to apex of roof The temporary chancel is 12 feet by 10 feet, with vestries at each side. The style of the building is early English, and will, when completed, consist of a nave, with north and south transepts, chancel, porch, tower, and spire. The walls externally are of brick, with pressed cement dressings to the windows, buttresses, copings, <fcc. Internally the walls are stuccoed and look like stone. The roof, which is an open-timbered one, is very handsome; the arched ribs spring from corbels, all stained and varnished. The windows at the side are glazed with cathedral glass, having colored margins ; the window in the western gable of the nave is glazed with stained glass, and is the gift of a gentleman in Deniliquin; it is emblematic of the fonr Evangelists, with a representation of St. Paul in the centre. The temporary chancel window will be filled with stained glass ; this is now being made in Melbourne, and is the gift of the Messrs. Henry Gwynne, of Werai, and Francis Gwynne, of Murgah—two of our earliest settlers; the subject will be St. Paul preaching to the Athenians (Acts xvii, v. 22). A bell has been given by Mr. G. R. Caldwell, of Thule station. The seats are made of Kaurie pine, and will accommodate about 170 adults ; the seats are stained and varnished to match the roof The pulpit and reading-desk are of cedar; the pulpit is made with open panels, and filled in with blue silk—this has a very pretty effect, and serves for ventilation. The cushions are of blue silk velvet for the pulpit, reading-desk, communion-table, and are the gift of Lbs. J. J. Roberts. The aisles are carpetted. A new harmonium has been purchased, and it is one of the finest tone we have ever heard. The whole reflects great credit on those who have so nobly carried out the work. The total cost will be about £2300. The architects are Messrs. Smith and Watts, of Melbourne. The contract was taken by Mr. John Taylor. The whole of the works have been carried out under the supervision of Mr. James Austin Power, as Clerk of Works, whose untiring exertion has secured for the trustees one of the best buildings ever seen in the colony. The trustees are Dr. Wren, Messrs. T. B. Came, Filson, Monk, and Thomas Robertson, solicitor. The churchwardens are Messrs. T. B. Came, Broughton, and Robertson. Such has been the care taken'by the Clerk of the Works that it may be truly said there is not an imperfect brick or an unsonnd bit of material in or on the edifice. The site is opposite to the Bank of New {South Wales and has one acre of ground allotted for it, which is capable iof being ornamented and improved so as to make the locale in ugison with the building. It may therefore be inferred that the townspeople were highly gratified on the opening of a well constructed^ building dedicated to such a holy purpose. At thfe hour appointed the building was filled with an attentive audience—the Rev. SariiUel Harpur officiating. The orchestra tfas complete, and comprised Mrs: J. J. Roberts, lbs. Lane, Miss Roberts, Messrs. G. W. A Robinson, Grovenor, Durie, Filson, Gillott, Carkeet, Shelley, Kerby, Mitchell, G. J. Roberts, H. L Roberts, R. Simpson, and W. H. Graves. Henry Wilkinson, Esq., of Wagga Wagga, (well known for his accomplishments in the musical world of Australia) generously presided at the harmonium, assisted in the evening by Mr. R. W. Pownall, the organist The service commenced by the Choir chanting-r-" I will arise, and go to my Father, and will say unto Him—Father, I have sinned against Heaven and before Thee, and am no more worthy to be called Thy Son."—St. Luke xv, 18 and 19. Then followed the canticle " Venite Exultamus Domino," chanted to Russell in C ; the Psalms to Robinson in E flat, the Benedicite Omnia Opera:— O all ye Works of the Lord, bless ye the Lord: praise him, and magnify him for ever. O ye Angels of the Lord, bless ye the Lord: praise him, and magnify him for ever. O ye Heavens, bless ye the Lord: praise him, and magnify him for ever./ O ye Waters that be above ttie Firmament, bless ye the Lord: praise him, and magnify him for ever. O all ye Powers of the Lord, bless ye the Lord: praise him, and magnify him for ever. O ye Sun and Moon, bless ye the Lord: praise him, and magnify him for ever. O ye Stars of Heaven, bless ye the Lord: praise him, and magnify him for ever. O ye Showers and Dew, bless ye the Lord: praise him, and magnify him for ever. O ye Winds of God, bless ye the Lord: praise him, and magnify him for ever. O ye Fire and Heat, bless ye the Lord: praise him, and magnify him for ever. O ye Winter and Summer, bless ye the Lord: praise him, and magnify him for ever. O ye Dews and Frosts, bless ye the Lord: praise him, and magnify him for ever. O ye Frost and Cold, bless ye the Lord: praise him, and magnify him for ever. O ye Ice and Snow, bless ye the Lord: praise him, and magnify him for ever. O ye Nights and Days, bless ye the Lord: praise him and magnify him for ever. O ye Light and Darkness, bless ye the Lord: praise him, and magnify him for ever. O ye Lightnings and Clouds, bless ye the Lord: praise him, and magnify him for ever. 0 let the Earth bless the Lord: yea, let it praise him, and magnify him for ever. O ye Mountains, and Hills, bless ye the Lord : praise him, and magnify him for ever. O all ye Green Things upon the Earth, bless ye the Lord, praise him, and magnify him for ever. O ye Wells, bless ye the Lord: praise him, and magnify him for ever. 0 ye Seas, and Floods, bless ye the Lord: praise him, aud magnify him for him for ever. O ye Whales, and all that move in the Waters, bless ye the Lord: praise him, and magnify him for ever. 0 all ye Fowls of the Air, bless ye the Lord: praise him, and magnify him for ever. • O all ye Beasts and Cattle, bless ye the Lord: praise him, and magnify him for ever. O ye Children of Men, bless ye the Lord: praise him, and magnify him for ever. O let Israel bless the Lord: praise him, and magnify him for ever. O ye Priests of the Lord, bless ye the Lord: praise him, and magnify him for ever. O ye Servants of the Lord, bless ye the Lord : praise him, and magnify him for ever. O ye Spirits and Souls of the Righteous, bless ye the Lord: praise him, and magnify him for ever. O ye holy and humble Men of heart, bless ye the Lord: praise him, and magnify him for ever. • O Ananias, Azarias and Misael, bless ye the Lord: praise him, and magnify him for ever. I Glory be to the Father, and to the Son: and to the Holy Ghost; As it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be: world without end. Amen. " Jubilate " was now chanted to Norris in A. The following hymn was then sung:— Before Jehovah's awful throne, Ye nations bow, with sacred joy: Enow that the Lord is God {done; He can create, and he destroy. His sovereign power, without our aid, .Made us of clay, and formed us men; And when like wandering sheep we strayed, He brought us to his fold again. We'll crowd thy gates with thankful songs, High as the heavens our voices raise; And earth, with her ten thousand tongues, Shall fill thy courts with sounding praise. Wide as the world is thy command; Vast as eternity thy love; Firm as a rock thy truth shall stand, When rolling yaars shall cease to move. We had now the Communion Hymn— My God, and is thy table spread, And doth the cup with love o'erflow! Thither be all thy children led, And let them all thy sweetness know. O let thy table honored be, And furnished well with joyful guests ; And may each soul salvation see, That here its sacred pledges tastes. Let crowds approach with hearts prepared, With hearts inflamed let all attend: Nor, when we leave our Father's board, The pleasure or the profit end. Revive thy dying churches, Lord, And bid our drooping graces live; And more, that energy afford A Saviour's blood alone can give. After finishing the impressive Churoh Service, the rev. gentleman took for his text— The Book of prophet Haggai, chap. 1, 14th verse. The following are the heads of his sermon:— Set forth universality of belief in God, and how men dishonored God by attempting to worship Him by horrid rites (Rom. 1,22,23); others multiplied their gods, and invested them with degrading passions, etc. Hence the wisdom of God in calling Abram, and chosing a people to be taught and trained by himself. Hence the necessity for a sanctuary, that he might dwell among them—the directions to Moses to construct one—giving £n outline of Jewish history, God's warnings to theiii, the destruction of Solomon's temple, the captivity and return by order of Cyrus to build the second temple. But the spirit of the people broken, as by the waters of Babylon they wept when they remembered Zion, so now it required all the inspired eloquence of the prophets Haggai and Zechariah, to induce them heartily to engage—Haggai declaring that the glory of the latter temple should be greater than that of the former—a glory more apparent than the clouded and symbolical representation oi the Divine being, which overshadowed the Mercy Seat in the old temple, and which only pre-figured the incarnate Son of God, the Messiah, who would honor it with his presence. It shewed them that there was work to be done—God had his work to do, and man had his, and that God \/ill not do our work. Love to God and man was expensive, and let none pretend to do either, if unprepared to spend and to be spent for God and man liberally. Again, God has willed that, in a sense, man shall be redeemed by man; hence, the God-man, Christ, requires his brethren in the flesh to work with him, and fight against the devil, the world, and the flesh (Cor. 15, 21). Angels, not sent as prophets or apostles. God does nothing without man. True, he builds his own wondrous temples—Safe's Cave, Giant's Causeway, etc. These are God's temples. He calls them forth by his omnipotent fiat—" He spake, and it was done." But other temples have to be built, and he stirs up men to build them, and does this to put honor on man, and stamp eternity's seal on all man's consecrated work. God's material temples, grand, huge, and massive though they be, shall dissolve and perish, and like baseless fabric of a vision, leave not a wrack behind; but the work done by God in temples erected by man, shall outlive the universe—Souls enlightened, hearts renewed, stubborn wills subdued, lives made holy, are men meet to be partakers of the inheritance of Saints. In such a building are you now assembled. The building will be consecrated by your good Bishop, the ceremony will not be accompanied by any superstitious rites; our Church is significant in this matter, where there is no form of consecration in the prayer book—a blessing will be asked, and it dedicated to God. Before that takes place, he called on the people to dedicate themselves to God, to renew their covenant with God at the Lord's Table, to give their hearts to God, and to remember the story of David and Araunah, and give nothing to God they have not paid for, and as the Lord stirred up their hearts to build a house for his worship, so they would free it from debt, etc. When the eloquent sermon was finished, the Sacrament of the Holy Communion was administered, which (a collection having been made) terminated the morning's devotions. 