O W N T V A J L i K . The names of tbe Magistrates appearinz on the Roster for attendance st the police office to-day are, the Mayor, Alderman Lewis, and H . Bilton, E sq. A very old woman named Ellen Tottledale, was brought up at the police office on Saturday, charged with begging alms. The Bench finding her to be an old offender in the begging line, eent her to the Female House of Correction, for 6 months. In several places about the city on the public footpaths, are to he seen holes, created by a number of idle boys for the purpose of marble playing. The damage occasioned by this practice is very great, and the police authorities would do well by trying to remove the cause, A novel sch em e h as jn s t been started by Mr J . Oleines, called “ The Great Family Uniou and Christmas Dinner Club.’’ The object of the Club is to receive investment! of sixpence per week oo every Saturday evens ing, which will ensure on Christmas Eve, twelve ehilliDge w orth of stores, which Will provide a meane o f famishing the members of the Club with a rich Christmas festival, In addilion to this, Mr Okines offers to contribute L5, for every hundred members joining the Christmas Dinner Club, to be laid out in prizes, to be drawn on the London A rt Union principle. T be prizes are to consist of a Bilk dresB, a tea- service, Christmas dinners for the members of the Club, comprising poultry BDd butcher’s meat, and other articles. I t is probable th at the project in queslion will be the meane of supplying a substantial Christmas fare to many families who would otherwise be deprived of necessaries for the old English Festivity. A meeting of the Railway Association will be held at the Mechanics' Institute this evening, at 8 o'clock. T he C om m ercial B ank w ill n o t open o-day, for the purpose nf completing the alf-yearly balancing of the books. Our Dotice of the firm of Messrs oys & Hall, in Saturday’s issue was incorrect n one particular, as it appears that Mr Boys ut L6UOO of capital into tbe firm to Mr Hail’s I3000. The business premises of Mr George ames have been removed to the premises in Collins-street, recently occupied by Mr Ilallantine. v r George James is a broiher of Mr, W. James, the brewer of Elizabeih-street. A public meeting convened by Mr J. W. Graves, was held at E win's Hotel, Kingston, on Saturday afternoon, for the purpose of enabling that gent'eman to return his thanks for the support of the Electors, at the recent liuon Election, and also to explain the causes of his rise and fall in that content The room was crowded, and a number of persons had to stand outside. Mr Graves addressed the meeting a t considerable length, and was listened to with attention. Mr Tonkin, Mr Lucas, and others made speeches on the occasion. Mr Horne has been promoted as a ■ clerk in the Treasury, vice Mr Vaulin, who resigns on a pension. It was a maiden General Sessions at It -lb-rive on Saturday last, and there was no business for Irarsaetion in the Po'ice Court, The annual inspection by the Inspector of Police, ot the constabulary of Clarence, was to have taken place at Bellerive on Saturday, but haB been postponed owing to the indisposition of the Inspector, and the Clarence Superintendent. I The City Council will meet this afterternoon at 4 o’clock. The reporters’ table in the Municipal Council Cltamber, B.-llerive, has been re ­ moved to the opposite side from where it formerly stood, which io a great convenience to the represeniAtives of tbe press. A little girl eight years o f age has just died at Lincoln, inconsequence of being frightened by a companion who dressed her. self in a white sheet to represent a ghost, as she said, “ for a bit of fu n .” The enormous development lately given by ladies to th eir back hair, was last week applied to smuggling purposes, A well dressed woman was stopped when entering Belgium for concealing about 130 yards of Valenciennes lace in what is called the chignon. It is in te n d e d to photograph th e whole of tbe portraits now at the National Portrait Exhibition; tbe beet samples are to be colored. Professor Agassiz reports having discovered 800 new species of fish in the South American waters—chiefly the Amazon— which he is still exploring. M. Gustave Dore has finished thirty sketches in illustration of Tennyson’s “ Idylls of the King,” which are to be engraved in London. The Charing-cross Railway, som e 2 j miles long, has cost about L4,000,000. The Metropolitan Railway, from Moorgate-slreet to Paddington, has cost in round figures L500,000 per mile. 