THIE LOAFER--FROMI LIFE. A LOCAL S'KETCH.-No. II. (The set ies to be continued.) THE ARTISTIC LOAFER.: Thie Artistic Loafer is. generally an. irrrti ,able, dogmatic, indolent, slovenly fellow. Itf ever he had a seat in the temple of tlhe beautiful it was. so',near the door that he t.umbled out whileo asleep and woke up a loafer. He will, perhaps, eat his finger nails :ff all day while:.,cogitatin,- some dreamy problem; he passes,. you. by in the street rudely; he', does not see you, or. seeing you cares not to..wakeo.up and return your courtesy. If ha is in conversation with you he con tinues . picking and trimming tihe mutilated tops of his fingers so industriously tit you can scarcely bear Iis presence. Every day produces new designs in his elotdy intellect; his imaginationa is as fertile as tihe Nile valley, and as green as the vale of Avoca. He is (in his own opinion) as astute as George Coppin,'and as thoroughly original as Wemyss Jobson.. His class must contribute largely to the traditional mosaic pavement of a place it is not polite to name; but they never carry out, to any practical result, a solitary proposal made by any of tihe Bohemian ibnothe.rhood. It is difficunlt to malk the spot where Ioheienianism ends, or to say what permlanent division separates it firom loating ; the labour test thils to ive. satisfactory results when applied to art-woikmen. Mindil is so various in its qulantity and powerl, that each case must be tried upon its merits. nour lonfer is most dogmatic upon those things where he really lhas the least know le?lge or pretensions to give an opinion. HIe always has somne clionile objdcti?n to urge against~reieived opinions upon testhletic sub jects. IHe knwvs no more of the laws regulating the slubject discussed tlhan a goat does of equitstion, or a virgallo; but this absence of knowledge gives a zest and excitement to the venture that affords him additional pleasure, or at the very worst secures him notoriety. Tihe loafer, family love flattery, and can, digest it in large quantities as easily as a cormoranlt disposes of fish. Our loafer has a chronic quarrel with tihe medieval and modern systemns of colour; lhe has one of his own, and in good trutb, it must be allowed that lhe can colour cleverly, with his tongue ; the tints hlie uses are supplied from tiho palate of his mouthl. 1Ie pronounces Chevreul to be a qulack, and hlie bjelieves the monkish illuminators and old masters knew littlo or nothing of colouri? The Imist two centuries have been all bitt barren of genius anld urtistio work. Wood engraving has degraded tile arts. spoiled.our dlraughtsimen, and creltel. a taste for .tlie " gheap and nasty." sl 1 is ,quite certain flthat line engraving has declined since Burnett published his copies' of Raphael's cartoons at IIampton Court. Cheapness and steel do not compensate him .for tlhe patient labour of a Woolet or the ingenious curves of a Shorpe, the foliage of a Vivai'rs or the middle distance of an Enrlom. Don't .tell him of a Landseer, or that French womnan, wvho painted tlhe "Hforsetair;" where i the man, now-a-day, that could compute with l lfowitt for expression in animals-ie would like to see a fit companion for thelast artist's print where the lady sow and her numerous progenv of " litle strangers" receive a visit fronm iMonsieur Reynard. George Mlorland could pnint, and no mistake; if he liked a little drop he painted none the worse for that; hucnuse one of the briohest ornaments of the English landscape school sketched in all Isis lerial effects while imbibing gin, indeed, he believes lhe often used it as a vehicle. He would not use gin for such a purpose himself; not he, he always prefers rum himsell; it is 'icher in character, tone, and :flavour. He selnembers' Constable, who painted land scapes decently, but was too fond of white, mnd always made a view look as if it was just sent home from the washerwoman before' it was dry. Constable worked like a nigger, in a dirty street offTott-nam Court-road, and died poor; it is better to allow your talents to rust than eater upon competition with the litho-photo-chemico contrivances of the day. He would sooner draggle after the tails of sheep and live on damper and mutton for the rest of his days than degrade the arts any further. What would Sir Joshua think if he could come amongst us ? As to portrait painting, it is a "lost secret;" Winterlhalter was cold and chalky ; Watson was bettir, but only good at taking off one nation. There have been no good portrait pictures painted since Gainsborough died; Lawrence's women, .with swan's necks and bundles of curls 'on either side of their heads, and a wisp behind, are a sort of aristocratic ghosts that have left no relations behind them. Look at a modern lady's head of hair! While the men were allowed to beo flattered at the time they were taken. Sculptors since Plaxman's time are all pigmies, not fit to decorate a. tea-garden, if there are any such places left, and not worth his while to trouble about. National schools antl national galleries, crystal palaces and Kensington boilers have nearly cooked the fine arts in England, and they never were cultivated in Victoria. After refreshing himself witlh a nobbler of his favourite liquor-" hot, with lemon,"- and ad niring its zich Spanish tone, our friend commences to discuss the colours and treat ment he was putting on a new.street car, little did he think when he was . drawing at the Royal Academy friom the life-((Iero one of his auditors suggested from the pump, and a scene of disorder, noise, and foul language ended in a "shout all round," to the total exclusion of all fine art discussion.) Aniiversary services will be held on Sunday next in the Presbyterian Church, Clarendon-street, Emerald Hill, whlen sermons will be preached, inl the morning,-by the Rev. . Robcrlson, of .cti' a Mel bourne in the iiternoon, by the Rev. J. T,. Inglis, of Sandridge, nnd in the evening by the Rev. I. IIlthcrington, of Collins-street, Melbourne: On Monday, a soiree will be held in thlie Mechanica' Insti tute, and addresses will be delivered by thle Rlvs. A. Robertson, Duncan, itGregor, Bhagley, Inglis, and Price. Thie Rev. Ifuighl Darling will take the chair. 