DEDICATION OF THE NEW CHURCH OF ST. ANDREW, AT KEDRON BROOK. THE inhabitants of Kedron Brook and its adjacent localities have just shown their appre- ciation of the advantage of having a place of worship near them, and St. Andrews' Day, 1866, will long bo remembered by many as that on which their new church was solemnly dedi- cated to its sacred purpose. The building has lately been erected by pub- lic subscription, at a cost of something over £200, and will comfortably accommodate 133 persons. In designing it the architect has endeavored to produce, as far as the materials at his disposal would admit, a building which should remind those who frequented it of the quiet English village church, and at the same time prove the possibility of combining ecclesiastical character with the use of common every day materials. In this it will be for our readers to say how far the attempt has been successful ; but the general impression yesterday seemed to pronounce a favorable verdict. Previous to the opening the church had, by the kindness of several friends, been prettily decorated with flowers, and on the invitation of Mr. Justice Lutwyche, who gave the ground, and by his great muniflcence may be said to be the founder of the church, at the time named for tho opening service many of the inhabitants and their friends were on the spot. Kedron Brook is in the "Valley district, and therefore under the spiritual care of the Rev. James Matthews, who was assisted in the ser- vice by the Rev. T. Jones and the Rev. E. Hoare. In conducting the service, which was choral, the assistance of some members of the choirs of St. John's and Wickham Terrace Church was gladly given, and as gladly and gratefully accepted-the harmonium being effectively played by Mr. Cox, from South Bris- bane. At the hour named for the ceremonial-half past 11 - a procession of the congregation was formed, headed by the choristers and clergy, vested in their surplices, ard singing the 100th psalm while walking round the church. On arriving at the porch the Rev. J. Matthews opened the doors of the church, from which every one had previously withdrawn, the choir at the in- stant singing the verse, " O enter thou His gates with praise," and indifferent indeed must have been any of those present who could feel other than deeply affected at the sound of those noble words, sung to the grand old tune, in that spot for the first time since the world began. Tho service of the day was then commenced, proper psalms and lessons being appointed suited to the occasion-the psalms being the 84th, 122nd, and 132nd, and the 1st Lesson 1 Kings, viii. 22 to 31, and 54 to 62 ; 2nd Lesson, Hebrews x. 19-26. At the end of the 3rd Collect was sung the hymn " Christ is made the sure Foundation ;" and at the end of the Litany the hymn " O Word of God above." In the Communion Service, the Prayer of Dedication usually adopted in the colony was read as follows : 0 Most Glorious Lord God, we acknowledge that we are not worthy to offer unto Thee anything belonging to us ; yet we beseech Thee of Thy great goodness gra- ciously to accept the dedication of this place to Thy service, and to prosper this our undertaking. Receive thee prayers and intercessions of us and all other Thy servants who either now or hereafter entering into this house shall call upon Thee, and give both them and us grace to prepare our hearts to serve Thee with reverence and godly fear. Affect us with an awful apprehenslon of Thy Divine majesty, and a deep sense of our own unworthinoss, that so approaching Thy sanctuary with lowliness and devotion, und coming before The with clean thoughts and pure hearts, with bodies undeflled, and minds sanctified, we may always perform a service acceptable unto Thee, through Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. A sermon was then preachod by the Rev. T. Jones, taking his text from 2 Chron. vi. 40. The offertory collection was then made, and we understand with a very satisfactory result. On the greater part of the congregation re- tiring, the Holy Communion was administered to about thirty communicants, and Mr. Matthews having pronounced tho Benediction, the service was ended. The numbor present during the early portion of the service was about 154, while many were gathered in groups round the building outside. To Mr. Justice Lutwyche, and to Mr. Matthews especially, and to all who have interested them selves in promoting this undertaking, the result of the day must have been peculiarly gratifying, and we trust that so fair an example may not long be in want of others to follow it. A proof has thus been afforded that it is possible even in this country to build a church which shall at once be inexpensive, afford the requisite accom- modation, and at the same time, by its ecclesi- astical character and details, be an ornament and source of gratification to those who fre- quent it. Acting in the pleasant and genial character of the old English squire, the Judge afterwards en- tertained many of his friends and visitors at a sumptuous déjeuner, having erected a large tent for that purpose in his grounds at Kedron Lodge. By a rule previously laid down, no toasts were proposed, but it was felt by all that the best thanks of those present were due in no slight measure to their host and hostess, who spared no pains to give their guests the heartiest of old English welcomes. Before parting, however, the cheers that could not be repressed were given for His Honor, and the company separated, well pleased with the occupations of the day. LINES Suggested by the Opening of KEDRON BROOK CHURCH, St. Andrew's Day, November 30,1866. To Thee, O Lord our God, we raise This House for solemn prayer and praise ; Though not of carved work or stone. Deign to accept it as Thine own. It tolls Thee that a little band Of pilgrims In a foreign land ; Though wanting many joys of home, Would have Thee with them where they roam. 'Tis true these woods and groves may tell Of God-perhaps of Heaven and Hell ; But yet they cannot make him known, Through Jesus Christ, His only Son. We therefore raise the Cross on high, A witness between earth and sky, That He who died thereon can save From sin, from sorrow, and the grave. Oh, may the Holy Ghost descend, Our Guide, our Guardian, and our Friend, And dwell with us until we be Made meet, O Lord, to dwll with Thee. M. H. S. 