TRAVELLING IN MEXICO. [FROM ACROSS MEXICO IN 1864-6. BY W. H. BULLOCK.] Now the question arose, how to stow away our numerous party, of Don Antonio Escandon was not returning to Mexico unattended. The Don himself had stayed behind at Vera Cruz, and was to follow on the morrow with the bearer of his privy purse late Minister of Justice in Miranda's Cabinet and the light division of his retinue. The heavy division, to which I found myself attached, consisted of Don Vincente Escandon, Don Antonio's brother, the Donna Catalina, and her five young children the youngest, a baby in arms, Carlotta, to whom the Empress had given her name, a very paragon of a baby, for it was never once heard to cry from the day we left Southampton to the day we reached Mexico. Then there were two Mexican Indian maids with a wonderful capacity for making the most delicious chocolate at odd times, and a French bourne, who astonished us one day by declaring her opinion that England must be a miserable country to live in, because the land was entirely in the hands of the rich. Then there was the English governess, the English valet, the French tutor, and the Spanish financial secretary, with his wife, daughter, and two sons, the whole in charge of Mr. Grandison, of Orizaba, aided by a French courier endowed with a genius for con- triving sumptuous repasts in wild places. The Belgian gardener, the English coachman and groom, with four horses and two terriers, were to follow by slow stages. Finally, a Spanish hidalgo in reduced circumstances was to bring up the rear, with the convoy of waggons in which the heavy baggage was stowed away. After holding a council of war, it was decided to convert one of the diligence into a nursery, which arrangement met with very general approbation, and by dint of close packing, the other diligence was got to hold the rest of the party. However, being anxious to see a little more of the country than would be feasible from the inside of a diligence, I gladly availed myself of the offer of one of our hosts to lend me a horse to ride. The beast, however, had to he caught and a "more," or farm servant, was bent into the bush with a taste for the purpose. In the meantime the diligence set off without me, so I had nothing for it but to resign myself to a second glass of whisky and, water, and the amusing conversation of my host whom, from his way of talking, I at once set down for an Irishman, but learnt afterwards that he was a British Canadian. In the course of conversation he informed me that, previous to undertaking the contract for the railway, on which he was then engaged, he had edited an English newspaper in Mexico, called the Mexican Extraordinary, which, under the circumstances, I could not help thinking an admirable name, for no ordinary journal could have a ghost of a chance of success in a country where English is so little read or understood. The Mexican Extraordinary, of course, turned out a failure, and so the ex-newspaper editor took to railway making. My host informed me that, having lately received insulting letters from the railway superintendent, he had taken the liberty of giving the fellow a horse-whipping, which had unfortunately brought the French authorities down about his ears. For that, instead of calling him out late a man, the cowardly superintendent had gone and told Colonel Marchand, the French commandant at Vera Cruz. Now, as ill- luck would have it, my host had unfortunately already incurred the displeasure of this gallant officer by oppos- ing himself to a little plan by which the colonel thought to immortalise himself. For it appears that, struck by the impropriety of the name " La Soledad," " the waste, for the spot which, from its salubrity and charming position, the French had selected for their head- quarters in that unhealthy district, Colonel Maréchal had entertained the ambitious project of changing its name from "La Soledad" to "Marchal," and had actually obtained the requisite authorisation from the Government. None the less, however, my host would insist in calling the place " La Soledad." Here, then, was the colonel's opportunity, and he was not slow to profit by it. For, summoning his Nubian myrmidons around him, he at once ordered an express train, and proceeded in high dudgeon to Carnarvon to wreak his vengeance on him who had had the audacity to oppose his ambitious scheme. Arrived at Carnarvon, the infuriated colonel at once marched to the enemy's quarters, where he found his foe, and arrested him on the charge of disturbing the public peace. Then, forcing his prisoner into the train, he carried him off to Vera Cruz, and threw him into prison. The matter, however, coming to the ears of Mr. Ledward, the English consul, representations were made in the proper quarter, and, at the expiration of two or three days, an order was sent down from Mexico by telegraph to release the prisoner at once. On my suggesting to my host that his life at Carnarvon could hardly be an agreeable one, exposed as he was on the one hand to the in- sults of the authorities, and on the other to the constant danger of falling a victim to the deadly climate of the Tierra Caliente, like a second Mark Tapley, he would not admit for a moment that he had anything to complain of declaring with some warmth that his life was a very jolly one. At this point our conversation was broken in upon by the arrival of a couple of hot and dusty English engineers, who had ridden down from Orizaba on their way to Vera Cruz to meet some friends, who had just arrived from England. On their road down these gentlemen had encountered the cortege of the Nuncio, which the sight of their revolvers had thrown into a state of great alarm. Being taken by the escort for brigands, they were at once arrested and brought before the Nuncio, who, on satisfying himself of the mistake, ordered them to be discharged. In the meantime my steed had been led in captive, and was brought round to the door fully caparisoned with the bran new saddlery which I had brought out from England. The poor little beast-for it was nothing more than a pony - seemed quite crushed from the amount of trappings which hung about him a world too big for his slender proportions. Listening to the advice of my London saddler, I had provided myself with every conceivable article of saddlery which could be required on a riding tour in a hilly country. In addition to saddle and bridle, my pony was rigged out with crupper ; valise, with paid to prevent the valise from galling the animal's back ; a pair of enormous holsters, one to hold pistols, the other fitted with a tin to hold water ; hunting breast-plate, to prevent the saddle slipping off behind, while going up steep places and finally, a long halter wound round his neck. This last article gave the beast so forlorn an appearance, that it looked for all the world as if it had been mercifully added to provide the animal with a means of putting an end to his existence by hanging, should life become a burden to him. On such a beast and so accoutred I launched forth alone into the wilds in pursuit of the diligence. My road lay across a level plain overgrown with dwarf acacia and low underwood quite incapable of affording any kind of shade-on the whole as uninteresting a tract of country as one could wish to ride over. The heat, too, became intense, and I began to regret having declined a seat in the diligence. However, I was drawing nigh to the hills, which lay stretched out before me, clothed to their very tops with a dense matted vegetation. From time to time the stony track, dignified by the name of road, which I was following, suddenly dived down into a deep gully, called in Mexico "balance," of which the banks are so abrupt that you have no notice of them till you find yourself pulled upon the brink. At the bottom of these barrancas you generally find a sluggish, muddy stream, blocked up with boulders, on which scantily-clad Indian women may be often seen kneeling, and going through the form of washing their clothes. Whether Mexicans are by nature brigands, or whether they are tempted to become so by the configuration of the country, I will not presume, to decide, but this much is certain, that no country in the world could be more admirably adapted for this purpose than Mexico. The sides of these barracks, which are for the most part densely wooded, are the favourite lurking-place of brigands, and just as the beggars used to avail themselves of the steepness of the hill at Aricia, as Juvenal tells us, up which vehicles could only go at a foot pace, so Mexican brigands spring out upon their prey, as they begin to climb the opposite bank of the bar- rance. Having been informed at Vera Cruz that this portion of the Tierra Caliente was infested by " guarantees," I was in constant expectation of falling in with them, and when I came suddenly upon a party of wild-looking horsemen, I gave myself up for lost. When I learnt that these fellows were Mexican lancers, and had formed part of the escort of the Nuncio, I was lost in astonishment that such slovenly ill-conditioned looking villains could make a pretence of belonging to any army in the world. A iii teen mile ride, which I accomplished in two hours and a half, brought me to Paso del Macho, a small town at the foot of the hills. Here, to my no small satisfaction, I found the diligence drawn up in front of the inn-the very inn at the entrance of which a few weeks before the regular diligence had stopped with the driver shot dead upon the box. It was now 3 p.m, and Co were, the next possible sleeping place, being, owing to the infamous state of the roads, at least five hours distant, it was decided to pass the night at Paso del Macho, and accordingly we took possession of the whole of the inn, which was kept by a very knowing fellow, who was reported to have made a fortune as captain of a slaver. To explain his present position, he informed me that, although he had plenty of money to live upon anywhere, he could not stand a do-nothing life, and had set up as a Mexican innkeeper simply as a means of amusing himself. However, whatever his past history may have been, it soon became evident that the fellow understood his business, for, to the general surprise of us all, who had been prepared for any amount of roughing it on the road, we found our dinner spread with an air of taste and luxury that would have done credit to a Parisian restaurant. If the dinner itself did not quite reach the excellence of the Cafe Riche or Les Trois Freres, it was wonderfully good considering all things, and the champagne was first-rate. Nor do I think the bill of £20, which included the board and lodging of the whole party, was under the circumstances extravagant. The lodging, however, turned out very inferior to the board, which was altogether an exceptional phenomenon at a Mexican roadside inn. As we had to get up at 3 a.m., we thought it prudent to retire early ; so, after a stroll in the town, during which we stumbled upon a telegraph office in a street which was like a ploughed field, to bed we went at 9 p.m., but not to sleep, for what with rats, mosquitos, and jackals, it was well nigh impossible to close one's eyes. After a night spent in continual dread lest the huge black rats, which chased one another wildly about the room, should get into one's bed, and in listening to the whining bark of the jackals outside, it was a relief when the "more" appeared with a light, and declared it was time to get up. By 4 a.m. we had swallowed the chocolate, without which no Mexican ever thinks of making a start, and soon after the diligence rolled away into the darkness. I mounted my pony and followed, but to my dismay the diligence, after floundering through the mud for about a hundred yards, suddenly went off in opposite directions, leaving me in the mire, and strangely perplexed to know which to follow when I should have emerged on to dry ground. For the moment I thought that my pony and I would have been quite overwhelmed in the mud, but the little beast made a gallant and successful effort to extricate himself, and I started off in pursuit of the diligence which had last disappeared in the darkness. As soon as I came up with it the driver applied to me to inform him what had become of the other dili- gence a piece of information which I was utterly unable to afford. So we had nothing for it but to halt till daybreak."" Soon after day had dawned the second diligence joined us, and all went on comparatively smoothly. We had now fairly commenced the ascent of the hills leading to the Tierra Tem- place, or temperate region, in which Cordova and Orizaba are both situate. The heat, however, was by no means tempered, for the sun scorched us more unmercifully than the preceding day as we toiled up the steep zig- zag of the Chiquihuite Pass-a well-known position in the annals of Mexican warfare. Cannon-eloquent of past struggles were still lying by the road-side, half overgrown by the rank vegetation. As we stood gazing at the view from the summit of the pass, the torrent roaring a thousand feet below us, Mr. G. remarked to me that, from his painful experience of the deadliness of the climate, he could affirm with certainty, that of the labourers who were about to commence the work of carrying the railway through the pass, but a very small percentage would be alive at the end of the period requisite to complete the undertaking. The Chiquihuite is the pass behind which the allies bound themselves to retire in case the peace negotiations should break down, when the Mexican Government allowed them to pass unmolested to take up a more healthy position in the hills. It is only fair to add that in this instance the French did keep their word to the letter, in spite of the unfairness and dishonesty which characterised their first proceedings in Mexico. Strange to say, no opposition was offered to their second passage. From Chiqui- haste to Potrero the road is so bad that in the rainy season the diligence is sometimes compelled to cease running for a month together and men and mules are not unfrequently overwhelmed in the slush. Colonel Van der Smissen, of the Belgian legion, whom I met subsequently in Mexico, informed me that on their march up to the capital some of his men had actually been forced to resort to swimming to save their lives. So notoriously infamous is one portion of the road that it has been christened " Sal si paredes," " get out of it if you can." Get out of it our diligence did, but how they managed it will be to me for ever a mystery. After five hours' falling through a forest jungle, along what I sincerely hope to be the most ex- equable high road in the world, we at length emerged into the open, where, surrounded by a magnificent amphitheatre of hills, stands the straggling hacienda of Potrero. Here we found a battalion of the 99th French regiment of the line encamped upon the grass in front of the hacienda, engaged upon their midday meal, which the officers were enjoying at a table spread under the portico of the hacienda. The | colonel, who was exceedingly affable, informed us that he was on his march to Vera Cruz, to re embark his men for France. 