DEAN IL-\MSA Y ON PREACHING AND PREACHERS. A few weeks hack we quoted some c-xtracts from the Dean s lecture given in Ed nburgh in February last. We now give a few more extracts - which will he read with interest: DRY PRKACHKRS. . Some men have none of the materials for making an eloquent preacher. They cannot clothe their ideas with the graccs of oratorical diction, or with any of the attractions of oratory; not can they throw into their voite the energy of an oration. Their discourses are essentially adapted lor study in the tJosct, nor for hearing them delivered by others. Our own Dr. .Wacknight, author of an elaborate commentarv on the Epistles, ai:d of a treatise on Evidences, able ami learned works, was a remarkable example of this class of preachers. Logical and erudite, he coulel find no place ibr the relief of the imagination or of fancy in composing his dis courses ,. could assume no fervour of enthu siasm in their delivery. Of this estimable divine the pleasant story is told of what his colleague slily remarked upon his pulpit ministrations. Dr. JMacknight had been over taken bv a sharp shower in coming to church, In the vestry, and before the service began, the attendants were doing all in their power to make him comfortable by rubbing him with t ewe Is and other appliances. The good man was much discomposed, and was ever and anon impatiently exclaiming, "Oh! I wish that I was dryand repeating often, "Do ye think I am dry eueucb now?" Dr. llenry, his calleague, who was present, was a jnewe man, of much quiet hunionr, and ' ould not resist the opportunity of a little hit r.t his friend's style pf preaching, so he'patted liim en the shoulder, with the encouraging remark:-"Hide a wee, Doctor, bide a wee, and yes'e be dry enough when ye get into the pnlpitT' (Much*,laughter.) And some men rre always dry in the pulpit, however easy and natural they be elsewhere. Jn the pulpit ihey are constrained and enslaved by system. There the}* are artificial and formal, and must be dry. THE ALAEMING on threatening STYLE OF FKEACUING. The fourth]Jclass of preachers we have named are in the alarming or threatening style. They especially dwell upon the " terrors of the Lord." Preachers of this Fchool no doubt show a great anxiety to dis play the more awful features of that Gospel which it is their office to proclaim and enforce. 1 hey would seek to warn men from evil by pressing on their conscience the terrors of the "law",,rather than attract them to good by urging the forbearance and loving-kindness of God. The line of argument involves more or less minute descriptions of the misery that awaits the finally impenitent, and a more or less minute enforcement of those terrible denunciations which tell of a worm that never dies, and of a fire unquenchable. Those who are acquainted only with the modern and ordinary modes of introducing details on these awful questions have no idea of the minute ness with which sermon-writers of past times have dilated on the sufferings of the lost. Dante has been to many a sort oi guide to certain commentators on the condition of the lost, and especially with Italian preachers. I recollect some years back a friend, who was a great student of Italian literature, lent me the sermons of Pastorini, and some of his descriptions are most extraordinary for their ingenuity and detail of dreadful suffering. I might adduce passages from, the sermons of George Whitefield, who was celebrated for such details. But I rather perfer showing what has been done in times past regarding this awful subject, and I will read you a few extracts from the homilies of a mediaeval writer with whose name you may be familiar, but whose works probably you have little knowledge of. I refer to Bede, the eminent saint of the Northern Church, usually called, from the sanctity that is associated with his name and character, the Venerable Bede. His history of the early Northern Church is valuable. Ho was born in 635, and he died in G72, and his remains lie buried behind the alter of the magnificent Durham Cathedral. He left some Homilies, from which the extracts regarding the lost are taken, which will, whilst illustrating our subject give you an idea of mediaeval preaching. One homily is on the Christian Sabbath, and Bede sup poses that St Paul and St. Michael had petitioned that the lost souls might have rest on Sundays from their punishment: He says, in explanation-" It was the Lord's will that Paul should see the punishment of that place. He beheld^trees all on fire, and sinners tor mented on those trees; and some ay ere hung by the feet, some by their hands, some by the hair, some by the neck, some by the tongue, and some by the arm. And, again, he saw a furnace of fire burning with seven flames, and- many were punished in it; and there were seven plagues round about this furnace-the first snow, the second ice, the third fire, the fourth blood, the fifth serpents, the sixth lightening, the seventh stench; and in that furnace itself were the souls of the sinners who repented not in this life. There they are tormented, and one receives, accord ing to his works; some v. cep, some howl, some groan, some burn and desire to have rest but find it not, because souls can never die." But we have had enough of this style. (Laughter.) 1HE PERSUASIVE STYLE. The gentle and persuasive style of preach ing must ever gain men's hearts, and should predominate in every address from a Christian minister; and when they are so predomi nant, when they are,mingled with a due pro portion of the argumentative, and when contrasted on suitable occasions with sterner representation, it constitutes in my opinion, the perfection of Christian pulpit oratory. SERMONS NEED NOT KB DULL. Now, we cannot help thinking that the very frequencj' of hearing the greatest truths, the very circumstances of the enormous num ber of sermons in latter days, if there be not some life and energy put into the mode of their deliverance, must itself tend to weari ness. It may be said that it would be unrea sonable to expect that of the 75,040 sermons preached every Sunday in Great Britain, all, or even a considerable portion, shall be able and powerful discourses. We are ready to admit the truth of this. Bat. then, we say there is no need that they should be dull. No person who has to. communicate to others a message of jpersonal appeal, on a subject of surpassing mportance to all, will deliver his message so as to make his address"pointless or wearisom, if he felt it deeply himself. No ; he will not be dull if he is. natural, if he is in earnest, if he is unaffected, if he speaks as if he felt that he was not speaking mere conven tional language, or executing an office in a mere perfunctory manner. We cannot im agine any of the first preacher being dull, indeed, we are constrained to believe that one palpable point of difference in our preaching from early preaching-is its. dulness. The very phraseology of modern sermons has become conventional, and. people seem afraid of words which are not sermon words-they are jealous of expressions which betray strong emotion, as savouring of fanaticism ; and they dread discussions upon any points which lie out of the beaten path of hackneyed topics, as bor dering upon the province of the sceptic. THK " rUSHIOSLKSS'' STYiB. OF OUB SEEMON LANGUAGE. I cannot resist the desire to gtre a specimen pf this commonplace, and as we would say in Scotch, " fushionless" style of sermon lan guage. It is from Dr. Neale!s preface to his Volume on mediaeval preaching. He narrates that, preaching for a friend, he told him he ?would show him in the afternoon how a cori ^egation _ should be addressed. . So he thus Q ened his afternoon discourseu To thosi j^ho will consider the harmony which reigns the various accounts dictated^ by inspiration of Christ's passion, confirmed as those accounts arc by the antecedent testimonies of prophets oil the one band, and by the concurrent testi monies of the epistle* on the other^ it will appear in the higlitest degree probable that our blessed Lord was not an imposter, hut was in reality what he gave himself out to be, the Son of God." AXECDOTIS OP ECCENTIUC FBKACIIEBS. One things, however, is quite clear to my mind, and the result of a pretty long experi ence, and that is, no quality can be more fatal ! to the influence of a sermon than that of dul | ness. The witty Sydney Smith used to say ? somewhat profanely - " Sir, in a sermon, the j sin against the Holy Ghosts is dulness." 2 . often think of the remark made to me ly a I dear relative of high mental qualities and | endowments in regard to preaching-" Rather | than see you dull and commonplace, I would | fee you bordering upon the eccentric of start ling." Sterne who was certainly as much re moved from the charge of dufness as most men, ottered this excuse to the Arch' ishop of of York for the eccentric manner in which one of his published sermons commenced. He was determined to stop the vandering thoughts of his hearers, and secure their attention, so, after giving out his text from Eccle. vii. 2, '. It is better to go to the house of m urning than to the house of feasting," he flatly commenced his sermon with these words -" That I deny J"' A Nonconformist preacher of much reputation in his day, with the same idea of arresting the people's ears, commences n funeral sermon on a good member of his congregation by shouting out three times, " Victory ! victory ! victory !' A. similar case of determination to rouse the attention of his audiance to his text, though of a Jess refined character than Sterne's" I have hegrd told of an illiterate hut clever Methodist preacher who was a collier of the district in Somerset where I held a curacy for seven years. He gave out for a text, "I can do all things.'' lie then paused, and, looking at the Bible kcenlj', said in his own native Somerset dialect, " What's that thee says, Paul, ' I can do aal things.' 1's bet the half a-crown o' that!"' so he took half-a-crown out of his pocket, and put it on the book. However, he added, " Let's see what the apostle has to sa}' for himself." So he read on the next works, "' Through Christ that strentheneth me.' Oh,'' says he, " if that's the term of the bet, f'm off," and put the half-crown into his pocket again, and preached his sermon on the power of Christian grace. Cut although dulness in sermons may be an evil, extravagance and eccentricity may be worse evils. It is the part of wisdom and well-regulated zeal to avoid all extremes. What we want in the pulpit is the earnest, unaffected manner in which a sensible and feel ing mind would desire to communicate to others sacred and solemn truths which are to himself and hearers all important for the interests of time and eternity. JAMAICA. The papers contain long extracts of the evidence taken by the Commission. What ever atrocities the blacks may have committed or intended, they could certainly be hardly exceeded by the whites, as the following ex tracts will prove: EXAMINATION of WITNESSES Of all those who were in authority during the enforcement of maitial law, few, if any, are charged with more acts of violence and cruelty than Provost- Marshal Kamsay. Ramsey served in the Ilussars during the Crimean war, and was present at the Balaclava charge. At the time the disturbances oc curred at Morant liny he was inspector of police at Spanish Town, where he had dis tinguished himself by his rough dealing with the uegroes at the time of closing the markets | on Saturday evening; and being regarded as a man of great activity and energy of charac- j ter, he was appointed provost- marshal. One j principal, if not the principal scene of his operations was Morant Bay, and there it was I that he caused the man Marshall to be hanged because he could not endure the agonies of flogging with becoming patience & resignation. The evidence given as to this case by Mr. Marshallashes, a magistrate of Morant Bay, and other witnesses, was that after Marshall ! had received nearly fifty lashes, he shrieked, writhed, and drew up his body. At the same ! lie turned his head towards Ramsay, probably with no very pleasant expression upon his ! countenance, but we haveasyet had noevidence that he made use of any threatening expression. Ramsay at once directed that he should be taken down and hung. He was removed from the gun to which he had been fastened while [ being flogged, and, his hands and feet being both tied, he was shoved along towards the Court-house. He was too weak to walk, and fell down once, if not more. A rope was then attached to his neck ; and Mr. Marshallashes described the occurrence-"lie wasdragged to the steps oi the Court-house, as a barrel is hoisted up the side of a shipor, as another witness said-' . A rope was rove round his neck ; they ran it round the railings, and he was boused right up." The most striking account of the conduct of Ramsay yet sub mitted to the Commissioners was given by George Clark, an intelligent black, and the brother of Samuel Clark, who was hanged at Morant Bay. George Clark lives about a mile from Stony .Gut. and is the husband of Paul Bogle's daughter. He told the Com missioners that he was taken to Morant Bay in custody, and that while he was asking { questions of some men who had made | | charges against him he was several times ! j struck with a cat. Ramsay was there at the time, and snatched the shirt-studs from his bosom, and po:keted them, sayina that they ! j "could not belong to a nigger?' He saw ! James Marshall flogged. At the forty-eight j lash Marshall called out " Lord a' mercy!" and Ramsey ordered him to be hung. All the prisoners were taken out to see him hung, and Ramsay'shouted out to them-" Look at him, j you brutes, you thieves ; the whole of you will be hung like him." On going home he found that his cottage had been burned down, and his provisions dug up. His brother Samuel was flogged when he was taken into prison. He was hung in an hour after he had received his sentence. If a man did not "ive as much evidence as was desired he received a dozen lashes.- One man who was punished gave evidence against three men who were hung; two others who were flogged in this way were afterwards hung, and a third would have been so but for the interference of an officer. A man named Panton was made to give evidence against his son, and then both were flogged and hung "Jim," a negro baker at Morant Bay, who 6aved the life of a volunteer, stated that he received a dozen lashes by the provost-marshal's orders. Two of the special constables who were captured at Stony Gut were afterwards em ployed under Mr. Ramsay. They deposed that when the soldiers came up a black man named Levison turned to run, upon which he was shot in the shoulder by an artilleryman. Levison, however, escaped into the bush. His wife remained behind; and Ramsay ordered her to be flogged, because she could not, or would not, tell him where Paul Bogle was. After the flogging, as she did not tell, Ramsay said he would hang her. By his directions a rope was placed round her neck, and there it continued a whole day, during which time, ! as the witness said, she " looked like a beast ready for slaughter." The troops let her go on the Thursday, when Mr. Ramsay went away. A widow named Jane Wilson, living at Long Bay, seven miles to the east of Manchioneal, said that the troops came to her house. Along with them was Mr. Codring ton, to whom she appealed for mercy, saying that she was a poor, destitute, innocent woman. Mr Codrington replied, ^ It is martial law, and you can have no mercy and a soldier said, "If you bawl, I'll shoot you." They sent for fire-stieks, and then burnt down her house. The reason the soldiers burnt her; house was because they said that a black person could not have so many clothes ; but she said that none were stolen-they belonged to her, her children, and her late husband, who was clerk to a church and also a schoolmaster. There was a man's riding saddle in the house, but that was her properly too, and had 1.0: been stolen. There were both black and white soldiers among those who burned the house. A ccording to a man, named Robertson, a tailor ofMorant Bay, some of the persons who were flogged there were stoned on the parade !-y the soldiers and sailors, after being let loose. The soldiers and sailors formed a line, and the men were forced to run along it. lie had seen some knocke J down by stones. Some officers were there, and must have seen the practice more than once. 