AN 'IESGLISH PEAS ART'S COTTAGR ASD ITS TE- HASI.—It seems to me that all the- world over there is nothing more pleasant to look upon—on the outside at least—than an English peasant's cottage. There Is a home charm about it which the dwelling of ihe labprer in any other part of the world that I am acquainted with has not. Birket Foster, the first painter of.® English idyllic life we have had,is never tired of representing it to us. It may be of red brick, or of timber, or of clay, or of. stone, but it is always thatched, with high-peaked, thick, warm roof; and the windows look .ont upoi> you through the mossgrown eafes, like'kindly eyes from beneath a rugged human brow. And it stands in its own little patch of garden ground, where summer • after summer tlib old familiar flowers bloom, which have died out of onr gardens now, but which Shakespeare loved. It has its own little croft, its cluster of fruit- trees—" almost its own sky." Perhaps a large elm overarches it, sprinkling the wind-blown shadows over roof and road, a counterchange of light and shade; and just by, where the stile leads off from the highway through pastures, the ground makes a dip, and you look out upon a stretch of blue country beyond the distant farm with its range. of russet stacks, and the massive square church tower, where the rest of the village clusters, and the village laborers who have finished their day's work on earth are resting till the Master shall call them for their wages. This is the outside view of tilings. But as to the inhabitants of this paradise? Well, in the first place, he is a machine. Now, there are other living machines, spinning and weaving in our factories and else- where. But in these human nature sometimes rebels against its bondage, and the man breaks out at intervals into some wild excess, after which he returns to his mechanic toil as before. But in the case of the farm'laborer, human nature seems unconscious of its degradation. The brain has been conquered by the muscles, and he works on from year's end to year's end—shall we say contentedly?—in the same mill-round of monotonous toil. His only intellectual amusement, poor wretch, seems to consist in listening to sermons, which he requires to be loud, hot, and strong; for he is a little deaf from exposure, and rather phlegmatic, and slow to be roused. He may give you the appearance of dulness, but he is wonderfully sharp and shrewd, nevertheless, in things which concern his immediate interests; all the little brain he has being concentrated thereon. He is thankful for small mercies and little kind-. nesses, and rather suspicious as to the motives which induced'them, as he finds it hard to believe in disinterested benevolence. Patient to a marvel he has learnt one great secret of life—endurance. After a sort, he is religious too, but not devotional. And death is almost lovely in his eyes, even though it were annihilation; that which he enjoys above all things being rest after long toil.—MacmiUaii's Magazine. ? A MONITOR CROSSING THE ATLANTIC. — The American monitor, the Miantonomoh, with two other United States vessels of war—the Augusta and the Ashuelot—have arrived at Queenstown.' The Times gives the following account of the monitor and her voyage:—" The stranger is like nothing that has been hitherto familiar in these waters. She is Hot only destitute of spars and rigging, but her hull at a little distance seem3 so low as barely to mark a line upon the water. With her broad flat base, and her confused superstructure of turrets, funnel, and hurricane deck, she might well pass for a novel description of dredging machine. The hull of the vessel, however, is not, as is .popularly supposed, submerged. About feet now rise above the water; but when her size is taken into account this height appears very insignificant. She is 268 feet long by 59 feet broad, of 1500 tons burthen. The shell of the vessel is for the most part an oblong box, fined away at the stern, and yet more sharply at the bow, but having in her main length a bottom as flat as the sides and top. Out of the top of this box, or the deck (which is without bulwarks), rise two turrets aud between these a funnel for smoke and a shorter one for ventilation. A latticed platform also passes between them, supported upon pillars, on which, when the ship is at sea, all the nautical duties are performed. Above the turrets are iron shot-proof wheelhouses, in which the captain, pilot, and helmsmen are protected when the ship is in action. The deck is perfectly flat and of great strength, having, exclusively of the beams, twelve inches of thickness, the lower layer being six inches of timber, above which are three inches of iron, and over all three inches of timber again. The combings of the hatchways are of stout iron, and two feet higher, with weatherboards of nearly a foot, some inclined outwards. These are battened down watertight when out of harbor. The sea is then free to wash over the deck without in the least degree affecting the comfort of those on board or at work, the communication between the platform and the lower part of the ship being maintained through the turrets. Though an armored vessel, the monitor is not made of iron. Her framing is of timber of great stoutness. Below ribs, 3ft. thick, and sheathed with copper, while from about 3ft. or 4ft. beneath the waterline up to her deck her sides are of timber 7ft. thick, outside of which is an iron plating of 7in. depth. The upper portion of the sides, therefore, project about 4£ft. below the lower part. The junction between the iron and the copper is prevented by a heavy timber moulding; but even that, it is said, has not been found sufficient to prevent injury to the iron by galvanic action. Her floor is quite flat, and in addition to her central keel she has at each angle below a sort of keel or bilge log, against which is borne the weight of the stays that help to support the tur rets. The turrets themselves are roughly finished cylinders, more than 8ft. high, composed of iron Uin. thick, and 23ft. diameter within. Their weight is principally borne by a stout iron spindle. Each has two Dahlgren guns. The gnn and the carriage is of the enormous weight of 42,0001bs; it is. smooth bore and throws a solid round shot of 4801bs., or a 15in. shell weighing about 360lhs., with a bursting charge of 161bs. of powder. The ordinary charge for round shot is 35lhs., but as high as 60lbs might be used. The shot is stated to be effective at a mile and threequarters distance. By those on board the voyage appears to be regarded as a perfect success. She has come here from New York, having called at Halifax and at St. John's Newfoundland; and from the last port she has made the voyage in ten days and ten hours. Crossing the Bay of Fundy, she encountered weather which, without amounting to a gale, was considered very boisterous, but she rode through it easily. On the voyage to Queenstown the indicator marked no greater rolling than seven degrees, while two degrees is stated to 'be Ihe average. Her paddlewheel consorts on the other hand, rolled to a maximum of eighteen ' degrees and. twenty-four degrees respectively. The speed she attained was respectable, and, considering her build, rather surprising. Her;:average was about seven knots an nour. Her maximum speed would be about nine. There appears to be no reason to suppose that she is not a fairly comfortable ship for sailors, notwithstanding her submersion. The Miantonomoh proceeds in a few days to Portsmouth, her ultimate destination being Russia. —"Lloyd's Jane .24. AUSTRIA, AND HUNGARY.—The dissolution of the German Butid, the ascendancy of Prussia, and the disaffection oftbe Viennese and of the other AustrofGennan Provinces, favor the Magyar's aspirations, |and bid fair to place the sovereign altogether at their discretion. When the Hungarians propped up the Austrian throne under Maria Theresa they did it for the benefit of the .Germans, and eventually to their own injury. But any help thjey may now tender to the dynastywill be granted on their own terms and for their 'own advantage. When Austria ceases to be German she most become Hungarian, or she must cease to exist.— THE marriage fcftheGrand Duke, heir ito the throne ofHussia'j with the Princess Dagmar of Denmark, is fixecj for the 15th October. Philadelj )hia judge and pan-: 8ter obMryedioianqther judge on the I bepich thatoneof the witnesses h'ad avegetablehead/'HoW *o*!' /was the., UMmiry.-j-" He has. carroty hiair, r^d^feVcheeka^ a! turnup nose,and a siyge \ look." AMUSEMENT AKD DIVERSION FOE Grata.—There must be something radically wrong in a system which compels girls to.walk out in melancholy procession along the high road, or so many times round the patch of a garden devoted to pinks and potatoes, instead of croquet, and battledore and shuttlecock, and shuts out the enjoyment which all healthy young people find in the active use of their limbs and voices. I believe that the capital game of croquet has been adopted by some schoolmistresses, but as yet daily out-door recreations are not fully recognised as being necessary for girls. The idea is still in vogue that cclisthenics and " deportment" exercises in a close room may fitly supply the place of active amusement in the open air, and that relaxation of the mind which invariably accompanies any interesting game. Then, again—for let it be understood that amusement is as important an element as bodily exercise—why should not the bagatelleboard, or some equally diverting in-door game, be introduced in the evening after the studies of the day are over, instead of the eternal books and needlework which are considered the only things suitable for the conclusion of a long and fullyemployed day? Is there any harm in recreation of this kind ? Believe me—and "I have not long left school, and have a keen remembrance of the infliction—there is little or nothing learnt from books between the hours of seven and nine in the evening, and the only probable result from the proclamation of sewing and silence is illhumor, or at least discontent, and subsequent gossip of probably a very frivolous nature. Those whose energies are utterly paralyzed by the stern course of discipline which seems to be the only mode in which girls can possibly be educated, will veiy likely exert them in a manner more silly and reprehensible than could possibly ensue from any game of billiards, bagatelle, or chess. So strictly is this system carried out in every particular, that it would be possible to point out many first-class educational establishments, at the head of which are ladies of sense, good feeling, and intellect, who insist upon French being spoken throughout the whole day, including the period devoted to walks and meals, from the hour of seven in the morning to nine at night. What are the consequences ? Dishonesty in reporting llie marks, open defiance of a known rule without regard to consequences, or silence. It is not necessary to establish the gravelled play- ground, a girls' cricket club, or any of the boisterous games which only boys are fitted to enjoy, but the fact remains to be recognised that rough and coarse manners are not necessarily the accompaniments of every kind of out- door amusement, and that it is quite possible for girls to exercise their arms and lungs on the croquetground, or even in a more active game, while they preserve the manners and feelings of ladies. Nothing is gained in the way of refinement by seclusion within the walls of a boarding-school, which is not more than counterbalanced by the acquirement of habits of laziness, and that muchto-be-condemned " stuck-up-ness," for want of a better word, which becomes the bane of many otherwise good and intelligent girls as they grow older, and which could scarcely withstand the genial influence that surrounds a group of girls engased in the excitement of croquet. The more such innocent recreations are multiplied, the more happy and natural will our girts become, and the more"likely to improve in all their studies, which will scarcely suffer from the enjoyment of healthy stimulants like these. I trust the day may come when the sequestered lawns of many of our English girls' 6choosl, now consecrated only to flower-pots and standard roses, may resound with joyous laughter and merry voices, and that amateur hay-making, gardening, and other harmless diversions may be deemed not less lady-like and somewhat more pleasurable than the mournful walks of strings of pale-faced school-girls, who are endeavoring to satisfy the laws of nature, and to eke out a scanty allowance of recreation in the indulgence of bad French, frivolous conversation aud gossip.—Cb.urckm.aiCs Family 1Ma- gazine. THE EXCHEQUER PAST AND PRESENT.—Antiquaries tell us, but will not vouch for the fact, that the name " Exchequer " was derived from the particolored and chequered cloth that covered the table round which the barons sat to receive and pay out moneys on royal account; those prismatic configurations being supposed to afford certain mechanical helps to the process of computation on both sides. But this belonged only to the court or chamber where the barons sat. The re.il exchequer was simply a big moneybox, into which the receipts w§re poured, and from which all royal payments were made. 'When Falstaff recommended Prince Hal to " rob me the exchequer," the exchequer was really a box worth robbing. That it has been robbed in another fashion, and to much larger extent, we need not waste time in proving. At that period the royal money was practically kept in the shape of specie, in a strong box locked with three keys — because, as an old historian of the exchequer phrases it, " a three-fold cord is not easily broken"—which keys were entrusted to three different functionaries, one of them being the officer who carried the seals of the department, and 'was accordingly called Cancellarius, or Chancellor of the Exchequer. The box, with its three keys became a fiction, when, after the Revolution of 1688, the National revenue passed under Parliamentary control, when the National Debt arose, and the Bank of England assumed its high position as the public body to whom the State owed most money, from whence it drew its supplies of ready cash, and with whom, in return, it had mortgaged, more or less completely, the proceeds of future revenues. Yet for nearly 100 years after this change had been practically effected, the old fiction of the strong box and its three keys was kept up, for the reasons we haw already explained. The "box" was existent in some upper room in Whitehall, and every afternoon an employ^ from the Bank brought down the calculated receipts from the day's revenue, as' being derived front all manner of taxes ; and the amount, being represented by " spoiled" note3, was gravely counted over and solemnly interred in the steel-bound chest, which was afterwards carefully locked by the three well-salaried officials, each with his separate key. This solemn farce is now discontinued; yet, to the present moment, whenever the Chancellor of the Exchequer is required to appear in his golden robes of state, he bears among the rest of the paraphernalia a golden key, as typifying the iron instrument formerly carried with a very practical intent.—Our Oum Fireside. ? CURIOUS MATRIMONIAL COMPLICATIONS.—The Queen's eldest son, the Prince of Wales, is married tp a daughter of the King of Denmark, who has been deprived of a large portion of his territories by the King of Prussia, uncle of the husband of the Queen's eldest daughter, and this mutilation of Denmark was effected nominally in the interest of the Duke of Augustenburg, whose younger brother, Prince Christian, has been married to the Queen's third daughter, the Princess .Helena. 2. The Queen's first cousin, the King of Hanover, has been deprived of his kingdom by the same King of Prussia, in whose army the Queen's son-in-law, the Prince of Prussia, is a commanding officer. 3. Prince Alexander of Hessg, who commands the Federal army raised to oppose the King of Prussians brother to Prince Louis, the husband of Princess Alice, the Queen's second daughter. 4. The Duke of Saxe-Coburg- Gotha, Prince Albert's brother, and brother-inlaw to the Queen, holds command in the King of Prussia's army now invading Hanover, which kingdom, by ; the way, until the accession of Her Majesty, formed part of the territory of the Kings of England. And lastly, Prince Teck, recently married to the Queen's first cousin, Princess Mary of Cambridge, holds a commission in the Army of Austria, and may at any time have to leave his bride/fqr the seat of war, to fight the King of Prussia, who has the Queen's son-in-law and the Queen's/ brother-in-law both officers in his array. " THE needle-gun is to the ordinary musket wliat short-hand is to common writing." Such is the definition given by the Archduke William, commander-in-chief 6f the Austrian artillery. In what circumstances is « woman that wears stays?—Straightened circumstances. Very expensive Breaches.—Breaches of promise. INTELLIGENCE or : Aicraurs.—Borlasev says he saw a lobster attack an oyster, which persisted in closing its shell as often as the lofater attempted - to intrude within it. After many failures, the lobster took a small stone and placed it between the shells as soon as they were separated, and then devoured the fish. Mr. Gardener, in his " Curiosities of Natural History," states that he once watched a crab enlarging its burrow in the sand; and about every two minutes-it came up to the surface with a quantity of sand in its left claw, and by a sudden jerk threw it to the distance of about six inches. Having a few shells in his pocket, he endeavoured to throw one of them into the hole ; three of them fell near the hole, and the fourth rolled into it. Five minutes afterwards the animal made its appearance, bringing with it the shell which had gone down, and carrying it to the distance of a fcot from its burrow, there deposited it. Seeing the others lying near the mouth of the hole it immediately carried them one by one, to the place where the first had been deposited, and th^n resumed its original labor. Gilbert White tells us of an old hunting mare which-ran on the common, and which, being taken ill, came down into the village, as it were to implore the help of man, and died the following night in the streets. A writer in Fraser relates of a hen which had hatched several broods of ducklings, that from experience she lost all the anxiety usually borne by these foster-mothers by the indomitable perseverance with which the young palmipedes take to the water as soon as they are born, and quietly led them to the brink of the pond, calmly watching them as they floated on the surface, or dusting herself on the sunny bank to wait unconcernedly their return. Duges saw a spider which had seized a bee by the back, and effectually prevented it from taking flight; but the legs being at liberty, it dragged the spider along, which presently suspended it by a thread from its web, leaving it'to dangle in the air till it was dead, and then it was drawn up and devoured. An individual living in the square of St." Mare's, Venice, has been in the habit of scattering grain every day at 2 o'clock, previous to which hour the birds assemble in one place on the cathedral; and as the clock strikes, they take wing and hover round his window in small circles, till he appears and distributes a few handfuls of food. This, at all events, indicates the faculty of noting time, and may be placed on a parallel with the story of the dog which went to church regularly every Sunday at the proper hour to meet his master. Animals are prompt at using their experience in reference to things from which they have suffered pain or annoyance. Grant mentions an orang-outang which, having had when ill some medicine administered in an egg, could never be induced to take one afterwards. Le Valiant's monkey was extremely fond of brandy, but would not be prevailed upon to touch it again after a lighted match had been applied to some it was drinking. A dog had been beaten while some musk had been held to its nose, and ever after fled whenever it accidentally smelt the drug, and was so susceptible that it was used in some physiological experiments to discover whether any portion of musk had been received by the body through the organs of digestion—a severe test of the dog's sense of smell and capability of profiting by experience. Strend, of Prague, had a cat on which he wished to make some experiments with an air pump ; but as soon as the creature felt the exhaustion of the air, it rapidly placed its foot on the valve, and thus stopped the action. A dog, having a great antipathy to the sound of a violin, always sought to get the bow and conceal it. Plutarch tells of an artful mnle, which, when laden with salt, fell into a stream, and finding its load thereby sensibly lightened, adopted the expedient afterward, and whenever it crossed astream slipped souse into the water with its panniers ; and to cure it of the trick the panniers were filled with sponge, under which, when fully saturated it could barely stagger.—Ilibbcrds Gardeners Magazine. ? THE YOLK OF EGGS.—At present we are inclined to believe that the value of the egg, both for consumption and incubation, depends upon the quantity of yolk it contains.. The kind of nourishment, the habitual regime, and the habitation, have an undoubted influence upon all the products of animal life. Hens which have the run of the fields produce more abundantly, their eggs have a much finer flavor ; the yolk especially is more preferred by cooks, who, in tiie preparation of certain sauces, estimate the value of such eg£s at one to three ordinary eggs. The deeper color of the yolk of the grass-fed hen may, we are of opinion, be attributed to the pure atmosphere in which the hens constantly live. The pale yolk appears to be due to the vitiated air breathed by hens in an ill-ventilated and dirty hen-house. An opinion prevails that barley increases the bulk of the yolk, and that rye flavors the development of the white. To KEEP EGGS.—M. Bournouf recommends, in Le Belter, a French journal of "agriculture, the following method of preserving eggs :—Dissolve in two-thirds of warm olive oil one-third of bees'-wax, and cover each egg completely with a thin laj'er of this pomade with the end of the finger. The egg-shell by degrees absorbs the oil, and each of its pores becomes filled with the wax, which hermetically seals them. M. Bournouf affirms that he has eaten eggs kept two years in this manner, in a place not exposed to too great extremes of temperature. He thinks also that the germ may in this manner be preserved for a considerable time. DESPOILING TIE DEAD.—I was myself suffering severely from hunger, having eaten little or nothing for several days, and coming upon a well stored haversack fastened on the back of one of the disfigured corpses on the field. I was held back by no morbid loathings from helping myself to its contents, and enjoyed a hearty meal off the dead Yankee's provisions—a thing which not many months before would have seemed to me impossible. Even my negro llenry was affected with more squeamishness, for I soon afterwards met him, after he had been collecting a heap of plunder, which so loaded my poor mule Kitt as to leave only her legs visible, standing wistfully beside a fine pair of boots upon a dead Yankee's feet, and eyeing them, with his finder in his mouth, and a most melancholy expression of regret and longing on his black vi>age. Know- ing how much the fellow was really m want of such articles. I advised him to possess himself of them before some one else was beforehand with him. when he whined out, " Oh I'd like so much to have a pair of them boots, but I can't; I'se afraid de ghost of dis 'ere Yankee come in de night and take dem dar boots back again." And nothing could persuade this generally enterprising darkey to despoil the dead, although he would have had little hesitation in cutting a living man's throat for the sake of the same alluring prize.—" Memoirs of the Confederate War," in RISE OF THE ARTS AND SCIENCES IN ENGLAND. —It is to Pelham's exertions we owe the British Museum. By an Act emanating from him. the Crown was enabled to raise by lottery a sum sufficient to buy the Sloane collection and the Harleian MSS- These, with the Royal arid Cottonian Libraries, were placed in Montague House, which was also purchased by the Government. It is clear that the arts and sciences were rising in public esteem. Sir Isaac Newton had been dead six-and-twenty years, Pope only seven; but the influence of their writings remained. Newton, by continued thought, had discovered long-hidden truths of the universe, and Pope, in his Dunciad, had unmasked the pretensions "of literary quacks. Johnson lived and instructed mankind. The " Seasons" of Thompson were 'over, but those of his pen lasted. Gray had his lyre in hand, and freely flung off his spirited odes. Hume and Robertson, in history, vied with Fielding and Richardson in novel writing. The pencil in the hands of Hogarth and Reynolds, became a sceptre, and Handel, though a foreigner, rose to fame chiefly in England. The same is true of Rysbrach and Roubilliac, who, with Wills, stood foremost as the sculptors of George IL's reign. Engraving boasted in Strange'and .Bacon, and architecture only, formal and confused, looked ronnd in vain for some hand; to restore in part the glory of her palmy days.—"English Premiers," in The Month. A COLOBED GENTLEMAN'S EXPERIENCE IN NEW, YORK.—Mr. J. Spiers Baker, a Liverpool gentleman just returned from NewYork, has received the following letter from a colored gentleman, s barrister of the Middle Temple, who was a fellow-passenger on board the Corsican from New York to [Nassau, describing the annoyances to which a man is exposed on account of his color in New York:—26th April, 1866. Dear Sir,— In compliance with your request for an account in writing'of the treatment I received on my late short visit to the city of New York, .U.S., I shall confine my statement'simply to,the facts of the case, without note or comment leaving to yourself, and to those to whom you desire to make known this state of affairs, and the prejudices which continue to exist with the Northerners against negroes and persons of color, to form your own opinion in the matter. I would premise that I was by no means surprised at the treatment I received, having on a previous occasion experienced similar or even worse from the hands of those abolitionists and humanitarians. Having been called to the bar at Middle Temple, London, after remaining in England for a short period, the better to prepare myself for the practice of my professional duties at home, I left Southampton by the Hamburg steam packet, Saxonia, for my native country, via New York. After a very pleasant and comfortable voyage of ten days, we arrived off New York, and I was requested by two of my fellow-passengers to go to the same hotel with them. I declined doing so, giving as reason that sad experience had taught me I should not be admitted into a first-class hotel in New York, I had but a few days to await the departure of the British mail steamship, and I wonld endeavor to find some retired corner during that time. My friends assured me that such a state of affairs had ceased to exist since the war ; that I should find an agreeable change; and, if such was not the case, if I would submit to the humiliation of a refusal, they would like to bear witness of such conduct, after a fair representation of my position had been made. Persuaded, though bv no means convinced, I accompanied them to French's hotel, opposite the City Hall. On entering my name in the register, the. clerk turned round aud consulted with the junior partner of the house ; from their manner my friends and self easily conjectured the subject of conversation, and I desired to withdraw from the place; but they insisted on my remaining, and one of them, well known to the proprietor, remonstrated on my behalf. All that I could obtain was permission for the present to remain until the senior had been consulted. This was on Sunday morning, and before noon I was informed that I should have to leave next morning; in consequence of which I went out with my friends to Secure some place of shelter, but failed at several German hotels. At Jegel's hotel, in Barclay-street, I applied, arrangements were agreed to as to the charge, a room was chosen, and my effects were to have been brought from the Saxonia on Monday morning, I slept that night at French's hotel, and before leaving next morning applied at the restaurant for a cup of coffee, and was refused as persons of color were not entertained there. We then proceeded to Jegel's, where I obtained a cup of coffee, but the proprietor regretted that he could not accommodate me, as several antiabolitionists were residing at his hotel and refused to remain under the same roof with me. Under these trying circumstances I returned to the Saxonia, reported my difficulties to Captain Meier, who very kindly allowed me the use of the state room I had occupied on the voyage, and accommodated me until the date of sailing of the British packet. I cannot but here acknowledge my gratitnde for this act of kindness, as well as for his kind attention during the voyage to New York. I need scarcely add that I had not the temerity to seek admission to any theatres, etc., former experience having taught me that it would be useless to do so, for at that time, even at Trinity Church, I found that there was no place for colored persons. -Such, sir, are the particulars you requested of me, hastily written when within three hours' distance of my much loved island home.—I am, dear sir, yours truly,—Nassoviensis. MASHES FOR HORSES.—We never knew any horse refuse it. Take a feed of oats,, a double handful o'f linseed for each horse, and boil for three hours ; "then turn into a large pan or earthware pan, and add as much bran, with just water enough to moisten the whole through; put a cloth over it, and let it stand an hour, then mix it well, and feed as soon as it is cool enough. This mash is very useful when horses in hard condition "dry up" and grow thin in spite of continual feeds of corn. I gave it once a week all the year round, and oftener if required hy any particular horse. A few beans may be boiled with the corn if the horse is in a low condition. WOOL- WASHING BY MACHINEET.—The trial of the machinery of Eurunderee, which has recently been purchased by Messrs. Blomfield and Reynolds, from Messrs. Tooth, of Sydney, was made the other day, and though the circumstances were most disadvantageous, the manner in which it turned out the work stamps the machinery as being of a first-class kind. A bale of last year's clippings, very dirty and full of burrs, was put through in fifty-five minutes, and turned out cleaner than any wool we saw from the district last year that had not been washed with hot water on the sheep's back. As only one soaking tank was used, and the wool was only half an hour in the single tank before it was put through the machine, taking into consideration its previous filthy condition, the result somewhat surprised us. Most persons interested in pastoral pursuits know pretty well what a wool-washing machine is like ; but as this is a local undertaking, some short description may be interesting. The machine consists of a series of three tanks, one containing hot water, and the other two cold. The wool having been allowed to soak for some time in the hot tank, is raised by means of a fork and laid upon ah endless band, upon which, as the band moves along it is spread out by hand until it is carried under a roller, which squeezes the hot water out and drops it into a cold water tank. Dredging slowly through this tank is a rake that draws the wool along through the water until it is caught by another, and dropped upon a spiked drum, which, as it revolves, carries the wool under a heavy jet of cold water, which, being supplied from a cistesn placed on a scaffold about forty feet high, causes the water to be, as it were, jerked with great force on the drum. The action in this £ank is repeated, when the wool passes into the third, and at Jlast the wool is carried between two heayy rollers, and wrung nearly dry. In this way a bale of wool is passed through the machine under the honr, and having been dnly sorted before it enters the machine, it only remains to dry it in the sua so as to -maintain its lUstre, and it is ready for packing. The machinery is a beautiful piece of work, of English marufacture, from Messrs. Petrie's works, and it is driven by a portable engine of eight-horse power, by Clayton and Shuttleworth, that stands outside the building. The water "is raised from the bed of the river by two force pumps worked at the same time as the machinery and by the same engine. The buildings are most complete, and every facility'is given for sorting and packing the bales. A great deal of wool is hand-scoured upon stations at a considerable loss, whereas, in this establishment it is rapidly done, and far more :effectnally than any system of handwashing. From what we can learn, there is every prospect of the establishment being actively employed for some time, and we have little doubt as to the satisfaction it will give. Whether scouring by machinery may be, ultimately, loss or gain, of course we cannot say; but, at any rate, of this we are convinced, that the wool will be turned out, so far as iregards condition, in a way that' is likely to enhance the credit.of every wool-grower who desires to send his clip home in good order. — Western Post. A newdefinition of "Foot Notes."—Dancing tunes. A crusty old bachellor says women should be spelt—whim en. PATRIOTISM REWARDED.—'The Hon. J. B. Wilson, Secretary for lanUs, and for years the beau ideal of a Representative of one of the N. S. Vales goldfielda,-has been burnt in efElgy byaome of Hs'late'constituents. 1 ? ? 5f7ifi Times. ; ? ? ? ? ? Blackwood's Magazine. ? 