HEW ZEALAND. 'jThe 33(tiuiffa£nj)u 3Ieu'4leri3» FINDING 01? THE FOUR BODIES. (From thi Nelson Colonist , Jiity 3.) The 8oIitudesof tho ravines on the Maunga tapu Mountain near ' Murderers' Rook,'* woro last Friday forenoon startled by tho notes of tho buglo sounding tlio ' Assembly,' catling together tho volunteers of tho search to aid in removing the bodies of tho four meu as they Were found, lying stark and stiff ou tho spot whore they wero slain iu cold blood. The information givou by Sullivan as to tho locality where tho murders were committed proved | to be correct. The dead bodio3, although tlioj had lain for. sixteen days on tlio mountain sido, wero in no way decomposed, but seemed frosii, untouched . by vermin, and only a littio bleached by tho rain which had fallen. Tho face of John Kempthorno was calm and placid, the shot through the head having produced instant death. That of Pon tius waa dreadfully bruised by tbe heavy stone/ j which tho murdorors had tluowu on his bo-iy | Dudley's face was little changed, except that it was more -weather-beatea than ' tha faoes . of the other victims. Mnthien had evidently offered considerable resistanoe. Tho strap which ? pin ioned his arms lmd deeply marked them, and had greatly swelled 'tho muscles ; and as lie lay beside the stump of an uprooted tree, with his licud thrown backhand his eyes staring, and his mohtlropeu, as if ho died struggling and dying out against his murderers, the sight sent -a tlirill of horror and deop anger through the men ^(io ? Were gathered 'together amongst tho fern 'on tlut lonely mountain sido. (Poor Mathiutt had 'had the hardest death of all. Thu first bullet -fired into hiB body had been turned aside from a vital part; by striking against a tib. He had, perhaps) fallen-; but the strong vigor o'f -a man in his prime had aided him in struggling. Then his coat had been turned -aaido-and a -knife plunged into bis breast, at a point as if tho heart had been felt for. Bnt neither had this proved fatal, -as surgical: evidence laid before tbe 'coronor's jury, on Satur day, and 'that given .yesterday, show} and at last aiter tue legs or ine struggling man nau oeen strapped, and 'he 'lay helpless, but still alive, tho bloodthirsty villians fired another .pistol bullet 'into the 'knife wound, ?whence the blood was oocing. It is a horrible picture. Sullivan, we uuderstand, states that, while he waa disposing -of tho horse bo heard six shots ; fired. The appearance of tho bodies accounts only'for four as having Struck tho mdn. Pos sibly some of thom may have missed the aim ; and if as is said, they were short of powdor, the strangling of Dudly may be accounted for by a - desire to save a charge or two for any passing traveller tlio murderers might meet, and whose escape might prove dangerous to 'their -safety. ? Further Confessions 'of Sxjlhvaw. — . Among tho confessions of Sullivan is one to the effect that it was intended to rob the Bank of! New South Wall tj ; tho plan boing to enter it' shortly after:3 o'clook, ;on a tfiail day'-; one of the! men to ask au interview with the manager on a pretffnee of a new gold discovery, -and t\ bile he . was closeted with the manager-, the others were to overpower -the 'clerks and after murdering thom all stay until the night-fall, aud leave by : steamer-. In proof o'f this intention, lie said that ; a package would shortly arrive from Australia,; with masks, burglar's tools, and other imple ments for carrying out the robbery. Sullivan ? also declares that -a -man -named James Wilson . who Avas ior a few months a bellman in Nelson, and was convicted of theft, was concerned with ? Burgess, Kelly, and Levy, in the murder of Mr. G. Dobson-; whom they strangled aud left at the . foot of the treo iu a sitting position, as if be had died from exhaustion, but afterwards they ' thought better of it-, and refit and buried his : body. A father point in his -confession of the Maungatapu murders, shows aft amount of atro city traly diabolical. It is this. The gang had with thom a quatstity of deadly poison, either prussic acid of strychiuue j and they had resolved if any party they encoantered were too strong for them, to make friends with them, atad while .drinking with them'to administer tho pcfoon, and then rob them, He is said to have mentioned the place where this poison was hidden, and pro bably by this time it is in tho hands of the police. The mystery of the robbery of £2500 of gold in ; May last, from the Bank of New Zealaud at Oknritn, ia now tolupil l»y munnc nf Sn Jivaft : wllO implicates a police officer iu the employment of Oumcrba-ry Province, as having been ooncerned in the robbery. PltEAfitllMQ AT PlJBILC HOUSES. ? Oue of thO most remarkable documents which wo havo met with for some timo past is the April number of the '* London City Mission Magazine.' The entire number is devoted to the subject of mission ary work in public-houses. Wo are not prepared to dispute tbe correctness of an assertation recen tly made, thaton any Sunday evening tlnoughout tire year thero are more people to b? found visit ing the gin-palaCG3 and pilblio-hoilses of London than are to be found assembled in the churches and chapels of all denominations. But it is not on the Sunday only that tho working man of London frequents tlio public-lieuse— you may find him tbero any and ?every day of tho seven. Onco or twice in the day he calls in to get his beer : and in the evening, glad to escape from his narrow^ miserable home, ho finds in the public-houso newspapers, companions, and every incentive to induce him to stay. It might appear at first sight a hopeless task to attempt to 'reason of temperance, righteousness, and a judgment to oome 'under such ciroumstauoes 5 but experience proves tliut tho public-house is one of tho most accossib.e fields of mission effort. Every one acquuintod with the workiug of Home Missions knows how comparatively easy it is to reach the women, how difficult to get at the men. Thoy are always from their homes at 6 o'clock in tho morning. They return home in tho eVaning tired, to havo their evening meal, during which they are naturally unwilling to be disturbed, and and so wretohod aro their homes in tbe majority of cases, that wuen tho meal is over they aro off at- once to the public lioUso. They aro somewhat at leisure. Thero they will roceivo visitation more readily than in their own homes, and will endure being lectured ia a way 'they wouU not tolerate in the presonoo of their- wives and Children. Many attempts haV-s been made in Various v/ays to reaob bodies of working men in their plans' of employment. The Bishop of London addrpesed somo huudrods of omnibus-men at Islington ; scores* of meetings attuntlcd' by railway servants are being held every week on the promises of tho Various companies ; gas factories, building yards, and otaer plaoes, whero largo bodies of workman' aro to be found, are visited by city uiissionai iue, . and occasionally by ministers. But the modo of acti&n; has its dis advantage. If tho man aro engaged on day work tho timo occupied ' in religious conversation is naturally bogtu^od by the masters ; if on piece work, it is yJogrndgod by themselves ; besides which all yoseriptions of work require more or less tnoi/al effort and attention. But in the public/iouse the man is his own maBtor, his time is hi/own, and ho is at liberty to give attention to tb/missionary if ho pleases. — Methodist Recorder . /Miserable bachelors! How you onvy Pato familias with all the little oreopers twining about his kuoea 1 As a man driuks he generally grows rooklessj | in hia caso tho more (kamstha fewov ecru^los, . A Quoin that'lii do ghosts. They aro doubtless ve™ «cllP?ttiall- P| £ace, but wo don't consider thi. 4,''' ^ M Byron's suggestion that a body and M„ V *' N aro ahead of a soul ^ gfl sophistical; but we certainly prefer v^11 |'| to uncased as companions and visitants on -?' M visible diurnal sphere.' In tho world to™ H ' may woll indulge an opposite prP! k , ever to tbe sound principled like t0 J Vhey havo a ghost out in Indiana that We ri? f 1 tod recognise as n Suitablo visitants ^ , l ® M taWnackled in flesh. H'e WMouoa/snJ' !? I/' uVeW)-a Mr'Orrin fclder, who in 1 ? ^£iVnla' le„aVing a Wif° and i-w! I r. ; f! ana wa3 Mlcd in I860, I, ,Vv 0 l,ved ln poveity sinoo he left hor tr J ii -bsistbyW^. TwowoSft: S youuge, dan^ter.died),Bnd ^ ^ ? | andfr,endswerewatchingbesidetl,ecorp8e(r & at 10 p.m., the detd father glided in-tL£ I' ?cloorjor wiudowwto open- and whi)e 'j & transfixed with amasbnenfc, walked up toll E coffin, placed on it a bag coining 67 10-doll 1 gold pieces i(nono ofyour 'Legal Tender') and, I lit of paper on which wa3 yltten -Rcsli | for Mary, and instantly vanuhed, not W--.' ^ away the minfdrops. which tlio First Na'-]. 1 Bank -of Indiana was very willing t0 take anj ? ' credit to Mrs Elder, allowing Tier \bo eurrent : ^ premmm. Wo havo not the slightest wish t, cross-examine Mr Wilbe'r C. Mclutire/, who 8ajl ho witnessed tbe apparition and saw' tho ghost ' and bis shiners. AU wo haVe to suggest is, thai lio be invited to como often, bringing with' hm ; ' troops of friends'—not forgetting the cmUbb ^ Despite Mr Stephen's strong prejudices, t,,^ . he would in time be welcomed to almost overy - fireside.— Neib York Tribute, . Keei-1ng Sabbath.— A gentleman travel, ; ling in the Black Country, ono day stopped to * take lunch at a lionso on the road. B kro leaving he 'had a chat with the Wner of lbs pre raises, and amo-ng other ?questions, inquired Uj that neighborhood kept the Sabbath-, there bamg - no churches in the vicinity-. ' Fot all that' sail , the farmer, 'we keep tbe Sabbath every Sim. ' day, breaking colts, riding around tha eountm ' and fishing.^' f' A Dangerous Wave— AwaVe on which mmj $ a poor fellow has been carried away is tha wavo ' EJ of a lace-edged cambric hauderchief. ' Back and Mind.— Mr Adam Smith, heariDj ^ his servant complain of a pain in his ba«k, sail 10 i: l him. ' Tbe fain, John is not in your buok , Hi in your mind,' — ' 'Dcod, -sir,' replied John,'g( ye'll tak' it out 0' my back, and pit it in ray mml ' :- I'se be singularly obleeged to ye,' y ?Needs a work -on punctuation— that private n -lV the army Who sent a letter to a little girl si bouid ' closing with, ' May heaven oherish aud/koep yoa r from yours truely John Smith.' 