Irish Hatred ol' Gnslitudi (FrOwt llie Examiner, Feb. 24.) The reason why Dr. Fell was hatod cotild not be fathomed, but hated Dr. Fell was, not a jot the less thoroughly and bitterly. And Dr. Fell's case is tho caso of England in tho feelings of tho lower and not a few of tho upper Irish. Now a hatred without reason is a hatred the most stub born aud lasting, for nothing that cau be done nnnvhtn unnn it Nnt. tli nt, tho Irish hatred : ? ? — - , of England was originally without cause, as for j many yoars tlio English yoke was a heavy galling yoke to Ireland-, but the juster rulo of tho last forty years, which has left few grievances un redressed, Iia3 not eradicated thu animosity which was provoked by previous misgoverninent. Tlio effect survives tho peoount cause. But this is notnll. Tbcro is a want of uflinity betweon Irish and English, aud generally thoy do not liko each other. Tho Irish is a warmer, moro gonial) more imptilsivo tempera 1 ent, and antipathetic to it is 'tiio English coldness and phlegm. And tho Irish are not singular, it must be confessed, in tlfir dislike of us, Mont people havo the same pre judice, and call us, sullen, proud, and arrogant, ( If they knew us better they might judge us lesb unfavorably; but this reminds us of the argu ment of Chinks Lamb, who. when asked how ho could hate a people he did not know, answered, ' And pray, how could I hate them if I did know them?' Ill will is best r.ursed in ignorance Sixty years ago how we bated the French ; it was ?1 [Oiiit of patriotism, and tlio greatest warrior of the time, Nejson, held the then common opinion j that we were natural enemies. Wellington, of a later dale, aiul-'v/ho had 'more knowledge of tlie people with whom lie had battled in Spain, had none of the national prejudice ; aiuTwith tlie im proved inter'c'our'so between tlie two people, ' it may be said to havo1, passed nV/ay from us, what lingers yet is 011 tho French side, where it is a tradition kept up by 'dovefttl ' causes. Oitr 'pros- perity- is resented, and the English 'demcanciur which is Supposed to be encouraged by it is ex ceedingly obmtxidiis to jicoplo whoso ' pride takes another turn, 'and who' revolt agMnfet 'wh'nt cliey call our insular arrogance. 'That there is some fault of this kind' is not' to he denied, but for tho most partr'wo believe' there is more awkwardness than arrogance' in the case. 'As for tho highly bred people, they are nYuoh the samo - of all r.ati6:iali'ties. ?If in Frauco traiiitioiia ofhate 'fire'kept 'up' by 1 dislike' to 'uiauners and deportment, the case is different '-in America, where 'there is prejudice against tlio iiation.l/utnone'againstindividnals'who are sure of a warm hospitablo' reception if they deserve it. Also in -Ireland the Englishi'nan who couduets himself \vell, an'd gives himself no airs of Superiority,, is rcspccted, and pcrbaps 'sonic-; thing' more, though his country is cliarge'd with; dvei'y bngeriial, ' ungoueroV.s, and unjust habit. 'But is not 'all't'rtis prejudico on the wane ? and: aire xve'not tieeing the fag 'end of it? Io it not, as it were, going downhill, or, as Sy'dney Smith said' of ghosts, descending from the draWing-r'06'rn to; the kitchen? Hatred of Englabd moved to,! :robellion!in '1798 men :of 'all Classes, gentlemen 'priests, lawyers, scholars, 'as well as ignorant peasants. But there is none 'of : tliis le'aven 'in ?Fcniariism, iin'd' tlie;imp'ulse of b'dtred does not operate abovo a very low level. And 'do rebel lion, sceins ih prdcefls ofweariiig out, 'sinking lower an'd lower, 'though with an extensive sur face. Probably numerically there h'as ricv- er'been more 'disdflection'in 'Ireland, but tho Stratum is df sand, whose 'tnariv c rains have no cohesion. There are nono df the leaders of '1844, muohless of'98. The Thanes fly from it. ' We ate'iiot Without hopes, therefore, that tli'e p'reseiit may bo the last occasion for coertioh, and it shbUld 'be followed, as soon as circumstances will allow, liy measures for the removal of 'the few remaining causes of ''complaint. First rin'd foremost of these stand the Church not of Ire-, land, and though it is 'not a praeiic'al greivance, iior oiie'so mu'eh taken to heart by the Catholic peasantry, it is sign of subjection that ought to be pulled down. Every intelligent Irish Catholic' sees written on the Protestaiit Church Establish mont, Sic tion v'obis. It ia a standing affront, a memorial of conquest in the 'shape of the -gross injustice 'that tho'strong can do the weak. The land question, however, ia the main trouble; of Ireland, and it come3 not ffom any fault df'tlio State, but from long haUits ahd u'sagea between owndrs and oceiipiers' It lies. 'therefore, more in the domain of equitable private management than of legislation. Parliament may, nevertheless, with great advantage investigate tho 'relations of. landlords arid tenant's in'Ireland, and' tlie diverse holding's of land. To bring'tlio 'facts prdin'irient'y forward vvottld be a step towards home better ar rangemeUft. ; Ireland wants inaustry in two snapes, capital which is hoarded labor, and the regular daily labor which constitutes tlio profitable industry of a -people. She has a great multitude of laborers whose amount df labor is Iittlo partly from tho, small holdings in parts of tho country knd partly ; from the religion with its many days of fast a'tul, festival withdrawn froni secular 'employments. : We should liko to know how maiiy days aYegive'n; 'to labor by tho occupior of a small plot df land | Sow many days bis cultivation requires lioWj many his Church. And wha't the total of work' and of idleness. Tlio. North needs no such inquiry. England is charged With being a crtiel step mother to Ireland, but the 'tendency i3 now rather 'to spoiling tho child. Tlio supen^ion df tlio Habeas Corpus is no prod'f 'to the ooritrary it is an exceptional moasure for a temporary danger. ' For tho test What part of 'the kingdom ill so m'iich . coaxed and indulged as Ireland ? Could Scotland, for example haVe got a Galway contract arid subsidy? Can Walos obtain an exemption from the Operation ot tho Cattle Plague Act? When, Iroland asked for a prohibition of tho inVport of. cattle-, wns she ndt instantly indttlgod ? And was it not out of - tenderness that sho is Spared I tho infliction of ' the Cattle Extirpation Bill thatigh looalitics as ftea from disease are subjected to ts r ; After all, wc belleVe that Ireland hfta raoVe reason to complain of her own sons than of Englishmen, many of whom are true friends. It is aii old snying cilrrent in Ireland that if aVi Irishman is Spitted for rdasting, another will ' always be found to turn him. Attd this Fenian cinspiraoy could ne'ver have 'Beoi discfdVd'red is completely aS it has beeri unless the 'conspira tors had been false to oach Other to a great extent. To hold nnd pull together for evil or good is not an Irish habit, at least not in tho South. The usual thing is a game of nine-pin3, iti whioh tlio 'Yuen aro set up to knock each other down. 