DISPUTED -IDENTITY. \Yvi: T was a boy.,-1 lived with my lather anil i.i'.i "nli-, in a little (.oiimM, in a village iu War wickshire. IT e was a farm labaTirar, my mother 1..1.T u, do with Ian- family; bat at harvest .1 i,:.v time s),e worked in the fields, and tvliot rwm.l was a im-at bt-lp. She had a good i-liildim ; 1 111 olio way or the other, they a:i > t'i bd i-A. etit me mid my brother. 1 think I t' i ,;t v gout: like 'he lest, if it had not hern h i a neighbour's son, liaiued Geirgp, who was n u:V. in.eo.'iiiaoii Kind to ".e ; he helped my mother to nurse me when I was ill with a fever, and he was good to me ever after. He was some years older than me, and what made him take to me, I am sure I cannot tell ; but that I should love bim iu return is no wonder at all. I wor shipped him, and that is the only word to use for it. He used to tell me no end of stories about robbers and wild beasts; but above all about battles. He used to make me windmills, and boats, and kites, and gave me endless balls of string and knives ; but what I cared for most of all was, tbat he let me follow him about where- ever be went, and take his dinner to bim out in the fields, and sent me on all bis errands. I felt very proud to go ; for I would have laid myself down under bis feet if he had wanted me. Though I was quite a little chap, he used to talk to me 1 as if I were bis equal. He told me how he hated I a dull country life, and how he longed to go away, 1 and to seek his fortune in distant parts. He would have-enlisted for a soldier, if it had not been for his mother, who would have 'broken her heart. She was a meek good woman, who had been tyrannised over by a brutal husband, who bad been groom to a gentleman. He broke bis neck, trying to break in a vicious horse. Although being drunk at the time, it was his own fault, the gentleman pensioned the widow ; so that George had all the money he earned for himself. He did not take after his father; but held himself aloof from the other fellows in the village, and never set foot in an ale-house — not from pride, but be cause he took pleasure -in other things. He was always studying at one thing or other every leisure moment, especially he tried to pickup all be could .about battles, and he used. to draw plans of battles upon an old slate. At last a change came over bim — a sort of fever — and he grew desponding and unhappy. He used to talk to me a great deal, but 'I could only feel very sorry for him, I could Bay nothing to comfort him. His mother, poor body, saw that all was not right, and feared he would take after his.father.; she. used to preach to him out of the catechism, and tell him it was his duty to be content iu the state of life to which he was horn ; it was all ver.y good, but not suitable to his case. He bated his occupation, and yet, oddly enough, it was only in bis work be seemed to find any relief. Ho did as much as three men, and then asked for more. Well, the truth must come out at last — George turned poacher. . Poaching is a breach of the law of the land. I say no more about that ; but I believe myself that gentlemen who have a regular license to shoot, and who preserve their own game, have not half the -enjoyment in a whole season's shooting, that there is in one night's good poach ing. However, you see poaching has this draw- hack — the fellows who take 'to poaching, leave off honest hard work ; they slink out of daylight, and haunt public-houses, and take to low idle habits of every kind. The love of adventure kills the habit of steady-going industry. They would do capitally out in the Australian bush, or at the diggings ; hut they plague the life out of churchwardens, overseers, constables, and squires. So tbey make a mess of it and get into trouble:; which is a pity, for you would not believe what fine, likely young fellows many of tbem are to begin with. George, for bis part, was too proud, and re spected himself too much, to fall into disreputable ways. He never would take me -with him ; thoagh, when I saw him preparing his tackle and cleaning bis gun, I used to beg very bard tbat he would let me go, but he was always quite stern and resolved. However, he used to let me help bim to take care of bis things, and I was very proud to-do -that. We made a biding place under some furze bushes, where no keepers would think of looking, and where everything could be kept quite dry. !l bad the charge of his dog, too — a knowing, sensible 'brute, who loved the sport as much as hiB master:; he was a strong, lean, yellow cross- bred -dog, -with long bair and a feather tail.; he knew as well as we -did that be must keep quiet during the day.; ana tnougn x Bomeiimes did my beat-to 'tice -bim, I -could never prevail upon him -to have a game of play. As soon as he. had eaten bis dinner, be would curl himself -up, with bis nose -under his tail, and go off to sleep as sensible as a Christian.; he knew that his. master would give him exercise-enough at night. We had made a place for him to live in under the bushes close by where the tackle was kept, and -we know tbat nobody could meddle with-it so dong us he was there. Things went on in this way for some -months, -George's mother, who had always been ailing, fell .into a kind of waste, and -the doctors said she .could not last long. George was always a good son, and he watched and waited on his mother like a woman. He would not have had ber know anything of his going out at nights for the world, and though it was well known in the village, the neighbours bad too much good feeling to tell her. George was greatly cut up by his mother's illness, but he told me that when she was taken be would not stay in the place a day, but would go for a soldier. I nearly broke my heart when be said this, but he comforted me by saying that he would send for me, and we should share our fortune to gether. But this was not to be. One night a party of men asked George to bend them on an exDedition into the woods ol .Lord uapelcurry, wnere mere was to oe a nanus the next day. Of course all the keepers were on the alert, but that was a temptation rather than not. George asked me to be with his mother for that evening, and to read to lier to keep her from | asking questions. I consented ; though I would much rather have gone with the party. I saw George go away, and then went to the cottage of his mother, to whom I told a natural story to account for his absence. She soon grew weary of tbe reading, and talked and maundered on about former days, before she was married, aqd about ber first meeting with ber husband, and how much he was in lore with her, and what a good husband be had been before he waB led astray by bad company. I was thinking of George, but I was a good listener, and remained with her till she went to bed, and then I went home. Early the next morning I was awakened by bad news ; there bad been a desperate affray with the poach ers tbe night before j one .of Lord Capelcurry's keepers was killed, and another seriously wounded. All tbe poachers bad made their escape except -George, who had been taken,- and was dreadfully hurt. The news spread like wildfire ; tbe con stables were .abroad ; three of tbe poachers were secured, but tbe ether managed to find sufe biding. It was impossible to keep the news from George'f mother, and you maj fancy the misery it caused I was nearly frantic, ar.d walked all -the way to the gaol in the lirc-ct town, which was fifteen miles off, in the hopes of seeing George. Of course I was not udwiitteil, bat I learned that he was in tire infirmary, and his wounds were doing well. I was nearly mad. I could have beaten down the gates to get at him ; and when J. was tumul away, I thought I would set the! town on fire to revenge him. Some friends of ; the other ni-.-n v.-k.-i lis.il hseu taken were very , kind to me, and kept me fvora doing mischief to i myself or any one eho. There lived in tbe town a very clever man, who was looked up to as a sort of prisoner's friend ; for if a man got into trouble, Mr. Mnssent was always ready to take his part ; and he often got a prisouer off, when there had not seemed a chance in the world for him. We all went to him and told him our case. He spoke kindly, and seemed to be very sorry about Georgo and the other men. He talked of the game laws in a way that was a comfort to us, and we went home ; in a better heart. All the village joined to help ; to pay the money for the defence. After Mr. Messent had been admitted to see -the prisoners, be drove over to our village to collect evidence and examine witnesses. He called to see George's mother. He brought ber a message from her son. He brought me a kind word from him too. Altogether he kept -up our spirits wonderfully. When, at last, the assizes came on, George was recovered enough -to -take his tiial. All the prisoners were found guilty, and George was de clared to be tbe one who fired tbe shot tbat had been tbe actual cause of the gamekeeper's death. The judge, in his address, declared it to be one of the most aggravated cases be bad ever tried, and- called upon the prisoners to rejoice in the lenity of the sentence ; which was, that George was -to be transported for the term of bis natural life, and all the others for fourteen years. I saw George once — for one moment. -I, and the- friends of the other prisoners were allowed to I stand in the yard as tbey were conveyed to the van. I sprang forward and grasped one of bis hands; he said cheerfully, txood Dye, oia teiiow , we will meet again." George's mother never looked up again.; she died before the week was out. -The gang of poachers was entirely, broken up, andLord Capel- curry and his keepers had their hares and par tridges in peace. The keepers had killed George's dog ; but I gathered together all the odd matters that had belonged to him, and which nobody dis puted with me. I then turned my back upon the .nlace where I had lived, and went to seek for work elsewhere. I might have been then about sixteen. The gardener at Squire Munsford's had married my mother sister : so I went there first, to see if he could give me a place. It was ten miles on the other-side of the village where all these things had taken place. Both he and my aunt received me very kindly. I was made under-gardener and helper to my uncle ; it was a good'place, and I lived there fur five years. My uncle was a Scotch man, and he took pains with my learning ; for ho was a man of some education himself. At the end of that time he went to be head gardener to Sir Robert Palmer, and J was promoted by Squire Munsford to his place. This was considered a great pieco of good luck, and so it was ; but you see I only cared for one thing -in this world, and that was, to save money enough to be able to join George across the water. I went borne some times to see my father and mother at the old place. My brother — I told you I had one— did not turn out comfortably, and ended by running away to sea ; so I had to help the old people, which kept mo from saving so much as I might . otherwise have done. One time when I was down there, I heard a rumour that George had escaped from tbe gong of convicts, and bad got clear off j along with two otherB, after killing the overseer. This statement had made the rounds of the news papers ; yet Botany Bay was so far off, no one could rightly tell whether to believe this or not ; but everybody who had known him wished George well ; and after I had been gardener, it might be about ten years, Madame Munsford died, and the Squire broke up his establishment and went to live in another part of England. I was left in charge of the place, with a man under me, -to keep the grounds in order ; ana an old servant was left in the house. After Squire Munsford's death — which followed tbat of his wife in a couple of years — the place came into the market to be sold, and tbe estate was divided into lots, some of which went with the house, and others separate. A good many parties came to view tbe house; but for some it was too large, and for others too small, but from one cause or other it remained for a couple of years unlet. One morning as I was mowing the lawn I saw a grand .travelling carriage stop before the gate. A gentlemen -inside beckoned me to come to bim. I went; but when I reached the window I nearly dropped down with surprise, for I surely believed i it was George himself I saw before me. Tbe gentleman took no notice of my looks, but quietly asked if he could be shown over the house ? — lie bad a card to view it. He alighted, and I walked behind bim like a person iD a dream. Tbe more I looked at tbe stranger tbe more perplexed I was with tbe resemblance. He was evidently a military man, and bad tbe mark of a sabre cut across bis forehead. He addressed me as a per fect stranger, and asked many questions, which I answered without well knowing what I said. That George should become a gentleman and ride in his carriage was quite likely enough ; but I felt sure that, however grand he might become, he would never change towards me. At last he drove away, and I did not know whether to feel glad or sorry. A few days afterwards he returned, accom- panied by a man of busiuess ; and after much ex amination of documents, and comparing of deeds, Major Rutherford's (as George's Double was called) became the owner of the houBe and certain lots of land lying arouud ; a nice compact little property it was. The furniture was old-fashioned, and would have fetched nothing at a sale ; but it suited the house, and was convenient as well as appropriate. This was taken at a small valuation, and thus, at a stroke, Major Rutherford took his place omoDg the country gentry. Before they departed I was called into the room and received the offer to become Major Rutherford's bailiff. The lawyer, who was also Squire Munsford's man of business, said be had recommended me ; but I did not think that that had anything do with my I appointment. Ever since I heard of George's escape, I bad felt unsettled in my grand purpose, and now, though I could not make the major out to my satisfaction, I felt quite content to atop with him. If I bad expected the major to be like what I recollected of George, I was much mistaken ; he was like George certainly — but it was George pos sessed by a devil ; fill the gloomy, moody discon tent which had overshadowed him in the latter days of our intercourse, seemed to be hardened in the major into a grinding sense of wrong and injustice. He had evidently seen a stormy, ad- i venturous life ; and although he had conquered fortune and noBition. vet he was scornful and contemptuous — unthankful, one might 6ay — for all Iho comforts and advantages he had won in the battle of life. It was understood tbat he was a gentleman by birth, of good, though decayed, family; that he had entered the East India Com pany's service when very young, and bad won his promotion by leading more than one forlorn hope. Tbe means by which he had acquired his fortune were not exactly known; but men in tiiose days always made tbeir fortunes in tbe East. The neighbouring gentlemen all called upon bim ; but bis opinions and theirs clashed at all points; tbey were all good and steady church and king men, Tories of the old school. The major had brought home with him startling po litical notions about reform in parliament, and ex tension of the suffrage, whioli lie propounded with a reckless audacity that nearly sent some of his most respectable visitors into fits of appolexy. He also took the earliest opportunity of quarrelling with the rector, who was a magistrate as well as a clergyman; and, in that capacity, had commit- ted three men for some trifling trespass on his own proporty. The major declared that this was a most unchristian proceeding, and refused to at tend church; the large family pew in the pretty village church consequently remained untenanted Sunday after Sunday, to the intense disgust of the rector, and the great scandal of the county side. But the crowning not of his unpopularity was that, at a supper which he gave to the tenants and farmers on his estate, he announced his in tention of not preserving his game, and gave them all free permission to kill whatever they fouud on their own land. This proceeding was in such direct opposition to the customs of the couutry, that tbe gentry looked -upon it as a reflection upon them, and re sented it accordingly. They all cut the major, and spoke of him as an infidel, a Jacobite, and a revolutionary democrat. The major took all this with great indifference, and seemed, indeed, to enjoy exasperating their prejudices. To hi? own tenants he made a kind but strictly just landlord — all the fences, farm-houses, and buildings were Kept in pertect repair ; me cottages oi me inuuur- ers were rebuilt. He showed the greatest desire to make the condition of all who depended onkim as good as possible ; but, -in spite of the substan tial benefits he conferred, he was anything but popular; he was too much of a reformer, and made no allowance for the natural unwillingness of men to walk in new ways. He liked to be in the opposition, and would any day have preferred to fight for bis own way, rather than to obtain it uncontested. As for myself, I was much attached to him, partly for his own sake, and partly for the sake of old times, which lie so strangely brought back to me, though he never, by the most trivial word or deed, recognised any former btate of inter course. A year passed on without any remark able occurrence ; but then, there befel a curious adventure. The Major and I went to attend an agricultural dinner that took place in the next town, which is a cathedral town. As we re turned home, it was a bright moonlight night. The streets were deserted; everybody was in bed ; but, as we drove paBt the cathedral, I dis tinctly saw a figure at one of the lower windows, fluttering a handkerclntf, and 1 fancied I heard a faint voice cry, " Help !" I do not believe in ghosts, but I confess my heart beat thick. " Good heaven !" said the Major, " some one has been buried alive, and is trying to escape !"' " More likely some poor mad creature who has escaped from confinement, and has hidden herself there." Again we heard the cry of " Help !" The Major sprang from the gig. I did not like him to go alone, but the horse was young and spirited, and could not be left. The Major soon returned. " We must find out the sexton," said he, hastily.; " it is a poor young woman who has been locked in by acci dent. She seems to bo nearly mad with fear." There was not a soul to be seen about. We did not the least in the world know v/hero the keys were kept; but we were obliged to do something. After knocking up several wrong people, -who did not bestow blessings upon us for our pains, we at length discovered the clerk, and with some difficulty got him and his lantern into the street, xne major ana no went logeiner to the cathedral, and I remained with the gig. They soon returned, -carrying between them a young girl, who seemed to be dead. They took her into the house, and the clerk's wife came down stairs; lights appeared in the vari ous houses, whose inmates wo had disturbed, and night- capped heads were popped out of the windows to see what had happened. One or two, more curious than the rest, came into the street to learn the rights of the case. As soon as the poor girl was sufficiently recovered to be able to speak, she told us tbat she had come from Sutton -Closely that day with a party of friends for a day's shopping, and to seo the monuments in the cathedral. While she was looking at one of the tombs hor party passed on; and, when she turned round, she saw them leaving the building. She called, but no one heard ; in her haste her foot slipped and she fell down against a pillar and out her brow— before she could rise she heard the ponderous doors clang together, and the key turn iu the lock. At first she thought they would miss her and return ; but time passed on, and they did not come. She beat against the door, but could make no one hear. Evening closed in, she grew desperate at the prospect of remaining there all night. The last tbiDg she recollected was climbing to a window and break ing the glass to attract attention. Poor thing, it was no wonder she was frightened at the prospect of remaining in that great, dark, lonely place full of graves ! I should not have liked it myself. The Major decided that lie would drive ner home, late as it was, to Bav6 her friends further anxiety. She was well wrapped up, and we took her between us in the gig. She lived about five miles across the country, in an old moated farmhouse that had been once a manor-house. It was now a dim, ghostly -look ing place, built of grey stone, and half unoccupied. As we drove down the lane that led to the house, we saw a number of persons moving about in great excitement. The sound of our vehicle called some persons to the door. Foremost among them was the farmer holding a candle above his head, and his other hand shading his eyes ; behind him were the maid-servants. I could feel the poor girl shrink closer to us when he appeared. " We. have brought back your daughter, Mr. Byrne," said the Major, speaking first. " We have been so fortunate as to rescue her from a very unpleasant situation." " Where hast thou been to, wench ?" asked the father, sternly. " Go to bed with you, huzzy, — a pretty disgrace you are to your family ! And who may you gentlemen be ?" said he, turn ing upon us. " How do I know that you have not made up a story amongst you, to get me to receive the girl back when she may deserve no better than to be thrown out of the window." The Major was struck dumb at such an ad- l dress ; but I, to whom the brutal, violent character of Farmer Byrne was well known, kuew better how to deal with him. In a few words I made him understand that this sort of thing would not answer. He subsided into a surly civility, and gave us grudging thanks, that seemed to choke him in the utterance. On our road homo I told Major Rutherford what I knew about the farmer — he was a savage brute, who had broken the heart of his wife by ill-usage, and was bidding fair to do as much for his daughter — a good, gentle, well-conducted girl; a good daughter to an ill father. I spoke warmly in her praise, for I felt very sorry for the poor thing when I thought of the beating she would be sure to get as soon as our backs were turned ; but I was not prepared for the effect my words were to take. Before a month was over the major came to me one day. and told mo tbat be was going to be married to Farmer Byr.ne s daughter. With out saying a word to me, he had made inquiries about her ; had seen her frequently, and partly from compassion, and partly from love, be had gouo the length of proposing to her, and had been accepted. I was surprised, and not altogether pleased. He was so mixed up in my mind with George that I could not separate the two, and I could not bear to have any change in our reiationsnip. xie saw I was not pleased, aud took some trouble to reconcile me to it. Of course nothing that I could say would alter the matter ; so I held my tongue, and they were married very quietly at the parish church by the obnoxious rector. Ono good result followed this marriage ; she persuaded her husband to begin to go to church agaiD, and be friends with the rector. I was very glad of this ; for their feud had been one cause that the neighbourhood neiu aiooi irom me aiajur, uuu j. wanted to see bim take his rightful position. His wife's influence, too, had a happy effect upon his temper and disposition. She softened his bitter contradictory spirit, and showed so much good sense in hor new position, that I ended by think ing that the Major had done the wisest act in bis life when he married her. As to the poor girl herself, she brightened up under the influence of happiness, and looked quite a new creature, it was tne nrst littie gumpse oi sunshine she had ever known. She was far too humble to fret herself because the neighbouring lixtioa ,1 id not receive her into their ranks, and was far too much in love with her husband to care for aoythiug else. They lived quite privately and quietly, and, at the end of eighteen months, a little son was born, who filled up the measure of their ooutent. Ooe morning I had been to wait on the Major, to ask directions about the drainage of an out lying meadow. He agreed to ride over with me to see what was doing, and we went out together at the back ol' the house, to goto thestables. As we were crossing the yard we saw a wild, athletic man, half-gipsy, half-tinker, standing ready to beg or to steal, as the occasion offered. The Major had a horror of vagrants and beggars, and never showed them any mercy. All the peualcies the law allows were always en forced ; though no man luid a kinder heart to all honest aud deserving poor than lie. I had seen this tinker hanging about the day before in the village, and had warned him off. I was sur prised to see him here, for the boldest beggars never ventured near the house. The Major rounhlv desired liirn to tro awav. The man looked it bim with impudent, malicious eyes ; aud, loming nearer, said something in a low tone tbat did not hear. To this, the Major only replied by threatening him with the riding whip he held in his hand ; the man replied insolently, and the blow descended across his face. Staggering and blinded, the man shook his fists at the Major, and said : " I know you, George Marston ; and I will do for you yot." I started, as though a pistol had been dis charged in my ear. I looked at the Major ; our eyes met ; my glance fell beneath his, and I turned away. We neither of us made any re mark ; we might not have heard, for any sign we gave. The Major mounted his pony aud rode alone to the field, where he remained superintend ing the workmen till dinner-time. I was waiting for him when he returned. " Has any one been to ask for me ?" said he, ah lin dismounted. " No, sir," replied the servant. " Stay and dine with us, Benson," said the Major, turning to me ; and we went into the dining-room together. Mrs. Rutherford and the baby were there. The Major talked to his wife, played with his child, and ate his dinner like a man who enjoyed it. I sat stupified, and wonder ing what was to come next. After dinner, the Major proposed to drive his wife and the baby in a little forest carriage kept entirely for her use. She was delighted ; and as she took her place, 1 thought she looked prettier than I had ever seen her. She always had an innocent look, and a little air of rusticity thai became her well. The Major's great calmness and indifference staggered me, and did more to make me doubt my own con victions than a dozen denials. About an hour after the Major had gone out, two men drove to the door in a post-chaise, and inquired for him. They were strangers, but I knew they were constables. I ordered them re freshments in the Major's room, and having seen them seated before the bread and cheese, I went out to await the Major at a turn of the road. I told him as indifferently as I could not to alarm hi3 wife, and asked whether he would choose to avoid them. His cheek flushed as I spoke, and a look like one I well remembered of old, came into bis face, and he said : " No, let them do their worst." And then, touching the pony with the whip, he drove on as calmly as though I had asked him what was to be done with a heap of stones. The constables came out at the sound of rolirwila nnfl with official Stoli.litV DF68CDt6d their warrant. The Major glanced at the paper, and shrugging his shoulders, said he was quite ready to go with them. His wife looked anxiously from one party to the other. " It is a summons to appear immediately before the magistrates in the next town, to give evidence in a case of disputed identity. Get my carpet bag packed directly, there's a good little woman ; I shall not he home to- night." She left the room, and lie made no attempt to follow her. " I am obliged to accompany these persons to the next town," said the Major to me. " They are constables; come to take me on a charge of being a returned convict. It is unpleasant ; for innocent men have been hanged for their likeness to other people before now. However, I hope to establish my identity ; I have a few marks to help me." He spoke in a hard, dry, distinct voice, as though every word were uttered with effort. I could not speak. " I expect to return to-morrow," continued he, " but if I am detained I will write to you. Keep Mrs. Rutherford from feeling uneasy, and use your own judgment in all things." His wife entered, looking tearful and agitated. She had a presentiment of evil. His- lip quivered as he bade her farewell ; lie grasped my hand, and sprang hastily into the post-chaise. The major did not return home the next day, or the next after that ; for he was committed to the county gaol to take his trial at the next as sizes. At first, the magistrates were extremely unwilling to entertain the charge ; and they would have dismissed it, if, unluckily for the major, Sir Jervaise Skinner had not been on the bench. He was a staunch old Tory, and had been scandalised by the major's liberal politics. No crime could, in his opinion, be too dreadful for such a man to commit ; and this accusation seem ed only the natural explanation of the major's character. He insisted that the accused should be remanded, to give time to further inquire into tiie matter. The maior himself did not furnish so prompt an exculpation as nnght have been ex pected ; lie did not seem to have any friends on whose testimony lie could appeal. After two re mands he was fully committed to take his trial; and I had to break the matter to his wife, who took it with a composure that surprised me. She thought her husband a persecuted man, but her faith in his innocence did not waver for an in6tant. All that followed may be road in the news- papers at the time. It remains on record as one of the most . celebrated causes ever tried, and although it was certainly decided by judge and jury, yet publicopinion was very much divided, and even I have my doubts still about the matter. You shall judge for yourself. The old tinker, rascal as he was, told a story, that if true was conclusive enough. He had been sentenced to seven years' transportation at the same assizes that saw George Marston sentenced for life. This part of his story was proved. He had gone out in the same convict ship, and bad seen Georgo every day during the voyage. George was put in some sort of authority over him, and excited lus UI-wiII. When they landed, no worked in the same gang with Georgo. He gave minute details of George's escape, and of the savage onslaught upon the overseer, which resulted in death. A body was discovered sometime after in a state of decomposition, which was supposed to be that of George Marston, Iho escaped convict ; but he, the tinker, had reasons of his own for not believing it to be George Marston's body. He swore nositivelv that the Maior and Georee Marston were one and the same person. Two other persons, convicts, who had served their time and who had seen and conversed with George Marston before lie effected his escape, were positive as to his identity with the Major. Several persons from the village, where he was born and lived before he was transported, recognised him the moment they saw him. The surgeon who dressed the wounds received in the fatal affray with the keepers identified him. There were wounds also on the person of the Major corres ponding with those recorded in the prison entry, anil in the surgeon's own private journal. Mr. Messent, the lawyer who had defended him, now a very old man, but in perfect possession of his faculties, recognised him as his old client. I was known to have been George's friend, and a great deal was expected from me ; but I did not feel free to swear either way. I did not deny the strong resemblance ; but living beside him so mauy years, I had also perceived differences which I o.nnlrl not. renonoiln ; so lifter a rrroat ileal of brow- beating and cross-examination, I was allowed to depart. I had at least thrown a doubt upou the case. The story the Major told about liimsolf, in his defence, was ingenious and romantic. He pro duced a certificated extract of birth and baptism from the parish register of a small market-town in a remote part of Wales; and called as evidence an old man and woman, who had kept the only inn iu the place. They declared that in such a year, corresponding with the date of the extract, a lady and gentlemau, unaccompanied by any servants, arrived at the Golden .Lion. They were evidently rich, and belonging to what the old man called the Real Quality. The lady was confined of a son a few days after her arrival ; and the child was baptised Andrew, and registered as the etiild of Thomas and Mary Rutherford. Wlieu the lady was sufficiently recovered, they deoarted, taking with them a Welsh nurse for the baby. The nurse returned in a few weeks, say ing that the lady and gentleman were gone abroad, taking the child with them; but she showed a great reseive and unwillingness to speak of tlie matter. This young woman died shortly afterwards. There, was great difficulty in taking the evidence of these old people, who were very deaf, and spoke only Welsh. The Major then declared that he lived with his parents both in America and also in France, until lie entered the East India Company's service at the age of nineteen ; but that portion uf his narrative was contradictory aud confused. The beginning of his career in the Indian army was also obscure. He could call no witnessss who knew anything j about him until many years subsequently — until, indeed, the jear after George had made his es cape — and then ho was not an officer, but a pri- vate soldier. Tnat point mane against turn. The very next year he was iu another regiment as Lieutenant Rutherford, with papers and certificates of service, with the sabre-cut upon his head, the mark of which was visible enough, and also of the other wounds which actually were upon his person. From this point hia case was clear ; he distinguished himself in various engagements ; displayed not only cou rage, but high military talent ; and how, asked he, was it possible that an escaped convict ; and a man of no education, should suddenly | find himself endowed with military knowledge sufficient to fill a highly responsible position ? Bravery may bo innate, but military skill and knowledge must be acquired. This was well put, and evidently had great effect with the whole court. I confess I was not much struck. I recollected George's military tastes, and had my own notions of lus natural tact ana cleverness, which I kept to myself. He pointed out that the persons who spoke so confidently to his identity with George Marston, the poacher, had not seen him for many years ; tbe principal witness against him was a returned convict — a man of notoriously bad character— and who owned to having an enmity against the individual for whom he had the misfortune to be mistaken. The whole defence was eloquent and elaborate — too elaborate aud too ingenious. The judge in summing up pulled it all to pieces ; dwelling particularly the fact that the aocused could give no account of the most important events that had happened in his family. He knew evidently nothing of either France or America. His ex periences in India were contradictory and con fused, up to the year following tbat in which he was accused of making his escape from transporta tion. All this, and a great deal more tbat I can not now remember, the judge brought out. The defence waB not coherent ; and the jury, without retiring, returned a verdict of guilty ; but strongly recommended the prisoner to mercy. The Major heard the verdict with haughty in difference ; and, on being asked in tfie usual form, why sentence should not be pronounced against him, replied, " Because I am not the man who has incurred tbe penalty." He uttered these words in a ringing, sonorous voice ; and this simple affirmation took more effect than all his defence put together. The judge passed sentence, and he was ie- moved from the dock. The interest excited by his case was intense ; petitions and memorials on iiis behalf were got up all over the country, and backed by highly influential persons. "What effect they might have had it is hard to say ; but they were rendered superfluous by the fact that the Major effected his own escape in a masterly fashion, unparalleled in the annals of prison- breaking. I was not surprised, I had heard him say, tbat the prisen was not built that could keep him inside if he chose to go out. He got clear off, and reached the continent in safety. He was afterwards joined by his wife. Tbey are both still alive. Government declined to confiscate his property : the son inherited it. I was made trustee and guardian, and have administered the affairs ever since. — Household Words'. 