SCAB IN SHEEP. (From the '9. M. Herald.*) A riETURN has been furnished, pursuant to an order of the Legislative Assembly, on the motion of Mr. Gordon, showing the number of sheep infected with scab in the various districts of the colony, on 1st Nov. last; bow long each lot has been under treatment; and the number cured during the year 1S65. At Canonba there wpre 3343 infected sheep in two lots, 1046 and 2302. The first lot had been under treatment since December, 18G4 ; the second sii.ce February last, but these sheep had been previously diseased and cured. The number cured in the district during the year is 1G,34G. At Merriwa there were 210U infected sheep, 1300 had been under treatment since tbe end of October, I8G4, and 8(i{?^oce March, 1863. 9950 were cured in this <a's trict during the year. At Mudgee there were 1144 infected sheep, which had been under treatment since July, 1864. In this district 3985 were cured during the year. At Newcastle there were G50 infected sheep, which had been under treatment since June last. Tbere is no return of sheep cured in this district during the year. At Penrith tbere were 1312 infected sheep, in lots of 507, 3(J0, 35, and 470. They had been under treatment since June last. 219 are reported as cured in this dis trict during the year. At Singleton there were 2705 infected sheep, in the following lots of 1325, 8U0, 360, 220. The first three lots had been under -treattncnfc ei«o& J-uaeti— last since the 7th August last; but tbere was disease on the station in 18G4. The cures in this district are given at 2591. At Sydney there were 1717 infected sheep, which had been under treatment since Aug. last; but some of the sheep on the station were formerly diseased. 322 were cured during tbe year. Ia reference to Tamworth details are not given, but. the number reported as cured in the district during the year is 32,316. At Wee Waa there were 3746 infected sheep, in two lots of 2S53 and 893, which had been under treatment since F^b., 18G3. 10,194 were cured in this district during the year. Total infected sheep at 1st Nov., 18G5, 16,722. Total sheep cured during the pre sent year, 75,923. This does not include iambs. A very successful concert came off in the hall of tbe School of Arts on Tuesday even ing. We understand that tbe proceeds, after paying expenses, will be devoted towards > meeting tbe cost of erecting the stage, pro viding scenery, &c.; There was a good audience, the ball being nearly full, and the value of tbe ventilation lately provided by I piercing the upper part of the wail in four places was apparent. Mrs. Lamb sang some songs in her usual splendid style, and Mr. Voss presided at tbe pianoforte. The other £ performers were gentlemen amateurs the most of wbom are members of the original Armidale Amateur Dramatic Society. En- % cores were numerous, and tbe performances lasted till half-past 11. Particularly notice- * able, as being performed with great ability, were tie following pieces :—Overture from Fra Diavolo, violin and pianoforte, bv Mr. ' Voss and a gentlemen amateur; Hear Me, Norma, by Mrs. Lamb and a gentleman amateur; Should I3e Upbraid, by -the same lady; a comic song The Ghost, by a*g*?ntie man amateur ; a comic duet, by two gentle men amateurs; tbe Highland Flin®, in cos tume, by a gentleman amateur—exceedingly well done, and warmly encored; overture from Zampa, on the violin and pianoforte, by j the same performers as the first overture; a song in Part II, by Mrs. Lamb; a capital duet between that lady and a gentleman amateur; a very racy comic song by a gen- jg tleman amateur ; and some sentimental songs v finely given. Nervous Cures, in character, by two gentlemen amateurs, was first-rate, - and was heartily encored. The Negro Bur lesque and the Plantation Walk Round, wbicb terminated the performances, ex cited great merriment, and tbe audience separated evidently in the best possible bumour. We invite attention to an advertisement in our issue of to-day giving part of the pro gramme of the North Australian Jockey Club annual meeting. As is invariably the case, tbe prizes are high and the programme is drawn up by gentlemen who understand tbe best principles of racing. He^ts are getting out of fashion, and so they should except for mere back racing. A very ex cellent feature in the programme of out Northern friends is providing a prize even down to the third horse in a race. We ha*e long been of opinion that for every race run . : there should be a second prize, however small, but in such races as those annually at1 Ipswich it is an improvement to provide something for tbe third horse when so large a field of horses may be anticipated. Messrs. llolleston, M'Lerie, and Maclean, tbe Board appointed to suggest tbe best means of reducing salaries and of dispensing • with officers, bave recommended reductions to tbe extent of £16,360 in the department! of tbe gold fields, the police magistrates, and the commissioners of crown lands. Tin following changes are recommended in tbe North:—Armidale, Dralla, and Rod? liiver.—Proposed staff: 1 police magistrate acting also as gold commissioner, salary and extra allowances, £500; 1 clerk of pet? sessions, acting as sub-commissioner, £175; —saving £600. Tenterfield, Timbarra, and Tooloom—Proposed staff: 1 police magis trate, to act as gold commissioner, with ' lowance of £50, £500; 1 clerk of petty ses sions, £175;—saving £440. Nundle.— Proposed staff: 1 assistant commission#;-;^ (2nd class), £i-5Q. Total *;avin®. £66i« It is suggested that at Warialda and Tat#1 _ r worth tbe duties of P.M. and C.C.L. mi$ be united, and that police magistrates fc discontinued at Grafton, Port Macquart-'.^ Scone, Casino, Wollombi, and Wee Wn In the gold fields estimate a reduction1' £8235 is suggested. On Tuesday last tbe escort left tbe Row for Sydney with 333 ozs. 0 dwt. 18 of gold. Telegram from Batliurst, in Saturday's * HersW'"" Friday,5.30 p.m. Mr. Superintendent B^fjard (TO®.;; in Bathnrst to-day, at 4 o'clock, with Dujmi, to** if'-;. sirong escort. The prisoner is in a very bad si*6 but is expected to recovor. In regard to the fire at Mr. Wearne's mill, xheffi. . state there is no evidence to show how it origin*1^; but they believe it was the result of accident. At Beechivorlh, on tlie late day of humiliation *Jj '' prayer, instead of a few of each congregation mef*® at their own particular church or chapel, the were invited to meet at one place, St. George sE«Jp and thfi services were conducted joinily &T; . Reverends W. O. Howard, Church at England, J' . ;; M'Millan, Presbyterian, M. Bradney, Independ68" 1 and A. Itiylis, Wesleyau. The ' Fustoral Times' says:—Last Saturday warmest day <jf the season; the thermometer ^ here for some time at ]10 deg. in the shade. ;> Ifaces were run on the Darling in an sunosr* marked by thermometer at 160 e. Such is the city of water on the road that all teamsters are <*•* " ing, on the back of tlieir drays, a cask or tan* water. Our Meiiindie (Perry) correspondent date of 4th January sa\s:—" While I write being blessed with a heavy fall of rain the ft*6' u £■ has occurred for twelve mouths." f: $■' t:,'" 