LONDON AM) Jill AN : IQiTi'lite. J (Collated from u Up and Dotvn the London Streets;' in London 6 'ockty.J I London wop no doubt of Brin'rii origin, nnd possibly ihe Triiiobantum. which Ciusar in hi* Coajmciirark's ujentiyna an tbe chief city of tbo Trincbuni-3. Tho supposed site ol tbe walls of Llotnnn London Ins b?an determined by cur fcnowlerigo of tbe positions ia whi ih va rious relics of K onion origiu have been uncovered at.ilid'ereat timeB ond deposited within the old waV.*. whilst others of a sepulchral chunioler have brcn foim-1 withou'. ; aud as it their dead without their citioR, thecouric of tbo Old London 'Welle has been pretty well define*!. We refer to Roman London principally to rccal the fi?t that the walls of l«ondon proper followed the same coarse as their Koman predcocssors, nnd cmiioued t-o do so until long After Elizabeth's time, and bccause the subject-matter ofour walk will rarely emigrate beyond them. At tirst there were but three gates in tho City walls. Aid gate or Oldgate, leading into tho eastern parts, as Essox, Suffolk, Norfolk. -fco., Aldersgate, leading to the northern parts, and Led gale or Ludgate, leading to tho western roads, and towbich gate the Roman military road came direct from the Tower. The other military roal of the Roman* was Old-Mrect; bnt the highway which leids from Alder&gtte; to Islington is supposed to havo been made since the Con* quest, and about the time that the Carthusian monastery (the Charter House) was built by Sir Waller de Maucy. The vails were made of atone with layers of Roman brick, and parte of them are etill in existence. London received its first charter from William the Con querer, and the original is etill preserved in the City. The charter is written in English, in a beautiful 8axon character, on a slip of parchment six inches long and one inch broad. It is a frood example of English shorthand, and is as follows;— 41 William the King greeteth William the Bishop and Godfrey the Fortreve, and all the Burgesses within London, friendly. And I acquaint yon that t will that ye be all there law worthy as ye were in King Edward's days. And 1 will that every child be his father's heir after his fathered days. And I will not suffer that any man do you wrong. God preserve yon.' This charter of Three Points is one of the first granted to London; but it was not until Henry I.'s time that a real charter, one of any money value, existed. Henry's charter gave the City its Corporation, oonfirined by King John, ' for a consideration,' and he directed that the Mayor, and Common Councilmen should be elected annually. . Tfce first Lord Mayor of London was eleoted in 1 1 89, His name was Henry Fitealwhyn, and he occupied the civic chair twenty-four years. The Lord Mayor is King of the City and, within his own domain, takes precedence of the Prince of WaleB. Qis court conBiBts of a Recorder, Chamberlain, Common Ser jeant, Comptroller, City Remembrancer, Town Clerk, Swordbearer, Macebearer and other officers. The city regalia is very curious, and consists of the mace and four swords of state. There is the Common sword, to go to tho Sessions &Ed; Courts of Aldermen and Common Council ; the Pearl sword for evening parties ; the Sunday sword, and tho Black sword, once used on Good Friday and all fast-days. The oldest object in London is 44 London Stone,' formorly placed in the centre of the City, and is now imbedded in the wall of St. Swithin'e Church, Cannon- street, to be out of the way of further mutilation or displacement. It formerly stood on the opposite side of the waj[ (1742), and when Wren, after the great fire, dug about it, he discovered the remains oi a very considerable monument. Camden sup posed London Stone to be similar to the Milliarium in the Forum at Rome, and the English Milestono, whence the British highroads radiated all over the island, and the dia * tances were measured before the erection of the standard in Cornhill. It was a landmark in the time of Athelstane, who reigned from 926 to 941. The first stone bridge was begun in Henry II. 'e time, and completed in King John's. The architect was Peter of Cole church, St. Mary's Conyhoip Lane (now Grocer s Alley), in the Poultry ; and St. Mary's was the chapel where Thomas 4 Becket wo6 baptized The bridge consisted of twenty arches, supported on nineteeu piers ; the road was 926 feet in length, 40 feet wide, and sixty feet in height from the river. The building was paid for principally by a tax upon wool; hence the saying that London Bridge had been built upon woolpacks. Over the central pier was a chapel dedicated to a Bucket. About fifty years afier its commence ment, the bridge contained ' innumerable people dwelling npon it;' so many indeed that when the bridge took fire at both ends in 1212, three thousand persons are said to have perished, including those who were sunk in the vessels when attemping to assist those on the bridge. — The eleventh arch, Southwark end, was a draw -bridge, for the passage of large vessels, and connected with a tower, on which were placed the heads of persons executed for high treason, until the erection of a lingular cdifice, callcd 44 Nona ache Houso,' made in Holland, and brought ov?r in pieces. The heals were removed in 1577 to the Tower, called afterward* Traitor's Gate, at the Southwark end of the bridge. Although the old bridge remained unchanged in a great part until its demolition in 1832, yet it must have been modified and rebuilt considerably, owing to its rude treatment by fire and etorm. In 1212 we have said it caught fire at both ends. In 1281, five of the arches were carried away by ice or a swell of the river. The Great Stone Gate, Southwark end, fell down in 1437, and in 1633afirebrokeout 41 in the house of one Briggs, by tbe carelessness of a maid-servant placing hot coals under a pair of stairs ' Then the great fire in 1666 burnt across the bridge until it cime to a vacant place. Again, in 1725, another careless servant set it on firo, and that was the last. The first needles used in England were manufactured by & negro from Spain, living in Cheapside, in Mary's time. Heeied without imparting the secret of tempering them, asd the art was not recovered until 1560, in the reign of Elizabeth, when one Elias Growse, a German, taught the English how to make needles. The present London Bridge is built of granite, and cost nearly two millions of money. The lamp posts are from cannon taken in the Penineulu war ; and it has been calcu lated that 20,000 carriages pass over in one day—not fewer than 107,000 pedestrians. It is but a step from the foot of London Bridge, where Wi liam Ryder, in the year 1564, chanced to see a pair of knitted worsted stockings in the lodging of an Italian mer chant and borrowing them, caused the first worsted stock inga to be made in England. High-street, Southwark, (or as it is commonly called the Borough) is associated with the names of Gower, Chaucer, and .Shakspeare, is out of the old city walls to the church of St. Mary Overy, which the beau tiful church which stands on the right-hand aide of the bridge as you enter Southwark. The tender Fletcher and the vigorous Massinger lie here. Shakeperean dust also mingles with that of its graveyard, for here rests Edmund, the youngest of tho great poet's brothers. The interior of the chutch is very beautiful, aud interesting from its monuments. Clink-street, where Shak cnere lived (1609), is near at hand; as was also the Falcon Tavern, where Ben Jonson, Burbage, and the players at the Globe may have made merry with ' Sweet Will.' The only letter to Shakspcre now known to exist was addressed to him while living nere in Southwark. Its date is October 25\. 1598, and is from Richard Quinney to his loving and good friend and countrte man* Mr. W. Shakspere, and of couree — what are good friends made for?— it requests the loan of £20. The money, no doubt was repaid, as Richard Quinney's son Thomas married Judith, the youngest of Time waa when Southwark was the great rendezvous for pilgrims on their way to a Becket' e shrine at Canterbury, and who met here to form parties for mutual security and company, the road to Canterbury, lined with hedgerows, parsed over on arched bridge, called Locksbridge (discovered in 1847) ; and this road may etill be traced in some of the narrow lanes of Kent. Let us now take boat at London Bridge, with the honeat ghost of William Fitzstephen, who died in 1191, and hear it tell of the ' large river of the Thames, well stored with fish, and covered with boats and barges and graceful swans.' Think of that— fish and swans at London Bridge! Yet time was when our ancestors, tired of bowls, could step down to Queenhithe or the Temple, and have an afternoon's angling. It must have been a pleasant voyage from London Bridge to Whitehall, when the banks of the beautiful ' silver streaming Thame*/' (as Spenser calls it), were studded with noble dwellings of seme of our proudest and richest nobility, their broad and tasteful gardens reaching tothe river. Alas! those of the Temple alone remain to ub. From the garden water-gates and other landing-places (York Gate is alone left), went to and fro throughout the day private barges and two thousand public wherries bearing freights of beautiful women and gallant men, scarcely scaring in their course the flocks of swans sailing upon the river. No doubt Shak*pere from his house in Clink-street, or from the windows of tho Globe Theatre, saw the Thames thuB beautified. The old river has also had its solemn shows of funeral pomp as when the remains of Anne of Austria and Queen Elisabeth were brought by water to Whitehall, and in our day the body of the heroic Nelson from Greenwieh fer inter ment in St. Paul's. It iB somewhat curious that bo little change should have been made in the names of tho various lauding places by the river four hundred and more years ago. Old Swan Stairs was called Old Swan Stairs, and we had, as now, Temple Stairs, Queenhithe, Essex Stairs, York Stairs, Broken Wharf, Paul's Wharf and others. There was no other bridge than London Bridge over the Thames until 1750, when Wobtminster Bridge was finished. Blackfriars was opened in 1770. Dr. Johnson wrote in favour of the un successful competitor, and was not far wrong in attacking the other, whose bridge has but lasted a hundred years, and passed away, And beautiful Waterloo was begun fn 1811, and finished in 1817. The conservancy of the Thames is vested in the Lord Mayors of London tiiohard II. having sold it to the City for 1500 marks, thereby constituting the Lord Mayor admiral of the Above -bridge Navy, as the penny boats are called. Before we land let us take a peep at Queenhithe, so named because it belonged to Queen Eleanor, tho mother of King ?i? ' ♦ *oyal lady was particularly objectionable to the \ lttzenB of London, and they once peltod her with mud and stones as her baige passed under London Bridge* . Unfil 1404 Queenhithe continued to be the favoured lanl Mg- place, and all fish sold elsewhere was ordered to bo seized. C)l™ Fish-street aud Old Fish- street Hill proclaim the site oi the ancient fish-markets. Billingsgate, however, by ad» 7??iaf-e situation, and possibly by power of tongue, in 1669 ; ultimately prevailed, and obtained tho prefereuoo. When the use of ihh was an obligation of ihe church, as veil as part of the domestic economy of the times, many enactments wore necessary, and so we find the sale of fish carefully -egu1ated. Before the Towfr of London lost its palatial character nu merous were the royal processions from it to the Abbey Chinch of Westminster. lieu* is a brief nf.TRiive of Tfoh* 1 Md 11. The young king (oi?V ? in \\-Vt , «'ith r multitudes nu'ule*, knight*, and eequires, the Lord hinyoi j trnd Corporation, ond all tho oity glory. The a'reo e were 1 husgwitb floating draperies, garlands depended from shop sign*, barriers were placed attbeside of thcstrcets, and rows ot citizens tat nrd stood within them. In Cheapsido was station* d a cnMle with four tovere, from which, oa two st tps tho wincian forth abunrnntly; and at the top Btood a goldea j enpel holding & crown, bo that when tho king came n^ar he ^ bowed down tnd pre*cr»ted it to him. In cadi ofthe towers ^ was a beauti/ul virgin of stature and age like the king, and npportllcd in white venture The angela blew into thoking'e face leaves of gold and flowers of gold counterfeit On billiard'^ ncnrepproocb, the damsels took cups of gold, filled them with wise from flowing spouts, and presented them to the king and chit f nobles, and so they w.nt amid tho j shouts of tbe people and the noise of musio. ( i In 1571, Elizabeth visited tne Ci'y in great state, coming from Sonibrfet House, and by the sound of trumpet pro * claimed of the first Great Burse, henceforward to bo culled the lxoj ui Exchatige. which Gresham had built on the sito or the Old Tun Prison and twa little alleys called Swan and New tt Christopher. It was subFOiuenlly destroyed at the Great Fire of London, when the only statue left rtaniiogof the mony it contained was that of the founder — Sir Thjinas Groham. Tbo last of these processions took place April 22, 1666, when Charles having come from Whitehall to ihe Tower by water, created no less than eleveu peers and sixty-eight knights of the garter. The citizens erected triumphant arches, and showed great demonstrations of joy. Numbers of tho old nobi ity had residences in tho City, although the love of tho country which Btill distinguishes the English aristocracy prevailed possibly in a stronger de gree in the olden time. Let us now look at the domestic life of a jovial bishop. Tn 1265,Sninficld, Bishop of Hereford, had, it appears, froui | his household roll, a palace at Hereford, a house at Worces- ; ter, end ahouse in London. He had many manor-houses and : farmsaBdfctableSjkennelBforhoundsandmewsfor hawks. He ' brewed, baked, and made his own candles. He kept a tailor I to make garments for himself and family, W hen he moved about, his domestic utensils, brass pots and earthenware | went with him, as also carts laden with meat an t wine and BoBbury venison. The bishop rode a palfrey, and his chap lain, house*fiteward, cook, farrier, pallrey-rtan, and house- , hold officers, all well armed, attended on him* There were fifty-one horses in the troop. The bishop had spoons and forks of silver, though the finger and thumb did outy gene* ( rally, and every man carried his own knife. The bishop i and his retinue left Prestburvon the 12th of December, and arrived at his heu£G in Old Fish-street on January 7th. Beforo parting with church noble, we may as well peep into his kitchen and pry into hie domestic arrange ments. ' He who leads a good life is sure to live well,' bo his cellars are filled with wine — there are spiceries and foreign luxuries. Every variety of fiBh — sticks of eels, twenty-five on a 6tick— salmon, tench, minnows, lampreys, and salt fish *, oy&ters;, mackerel, and treut ; gruel in abundance, and soup ; salted greens and other vegetables ; Baited beef, pork, and venison, all prepared in the country. Then sugar and saffron, fowls and brawn, bread and chee^o. His Christmas dinner has cost above £100, of our money. John his farrier, has 6s. 8d, half-yearly; John's man, 3s, 4d. The falconer, porter, and carters have 3s. 4d. also. The launder, palfreymon, sad butler have 2s. 6d. The messen ger have 2e. 6d. also. The younger domestics and pages have from 6d. to 2s. each. When at home at the manor house, which was usually for the moBt part a hall, with one great chamber allotted to the lord of the house, the guests dinel and drank their wine ; and, bb night ended, slept on the wooden floor of tho hall, strewed with dry rushes in wint r, and green fodder in the summer, the servants sleeping in the kilchcn away from the hall, or with the horses in the stable. 1 Feather beds were rarely used (1450) except by the wealthy, end frequently form an item in a will. In 1463 John Barel bequeaths to his niece ' the round table for her term of life;' and ' pottle pots,' quartpots, tongs, bellowB, braEB pans, pewter dishes and platters, sheets and blankets, are frequently bequests, showing how deficient our ancestors were in household goods and chattels. Castle Baynard, from which the ward takes its name, was built by Boynard, a follower of the Conqueror, and tubse quently became the property of Robert Fitzwater, whose daughter Matilda figures in history with King John and Magna Chsrta. Fitzwater fled to France to save himself and daughter from the machination* of John. He was after wards permitted to return to England and became the gene ral of tne revolted barons, under the title of the Marshal of the army of God and the Church. Fitzwater was the here ditary City Chatelain and Banner Bearer, and in time of war S resented himself at the west door of St. Paul's saying to the layor, ' Sir Mayor, I am come to do m jr service which I owe the City ;' whereupon the City gave him a horse worth twenty pounds properly accoutred, and Fitzwater had twenty pounds for his day's expenses and the city banner, w hich he bore to Aldgato; and for every siege in which he should engage he had twenty pounds of the Commonalty of London, ihe only remains of this warlike demonstration is the City Marshal, with his cocked hat and truncheon. At Castle Baynard Richard III. took on him the kingly title, and Henry VII. and his queen resided there ; and, when it became the property of the Earl of Pembroke, those who had proclaimed Lady Jane Gray queen met there, and substituted the Lady Mary. The Ward of Castle Baynard was thickly studded with the houses of the nobility ; the attraction being the King's Great Wardrobe, built in the time of Edward III., and the secret letters and writings concerning the estate of the kingdom were kept there. Baynard Ca6tle was de stroyed for the last time in tbe great fire of 1666. A subterranean passage leading from Baynard's Castle to a house formerly occupied by Fair Rosamond was traced in Paul's Chain net very long ago. Eastcheap was within easy distance of the West End ef that day, and Prince Hal and his equally riotous brothers, Thomas and John, could make merryneartheirownlodgiugs with Mistress Quickly and theroysterers at the Boar's Head. This celebrated hostel, preserved by Shakspere to all time, stood on the site of William IV.'s statue [in King William stieet, facing the approach to London Bridge], and was given by John Fol&tefie;, one of the bravest generals under the fourth, fifth, and sixth Harrys, to Magdalen College, Oxford. The Boar's Heed was destroyed in the Great Fire, and afterwards rebui't. When recently pulled down its stonesign was deposited in Guildhall library to be within scent of the civic reveries. Crosby Hall, [in Bishopgate- street], with its fine open timber roof, still remains to us in part. It was built about 14C6 by Sir John Crosby, grocer and woolm&n;, knighted by Edward IV., and buried in St. Helen's parish churoh. Crooked beak Richard lodged here when he entreated Lady Anne to leave him to perform her husband's funeral while tho should presently repair to Crosby Place.' Itsubse- I quently became the residence of (1542) Anthony Bouvier, a I rirh Italian merchant, then of Alderman Bond, who aided a j turret to the Hall. It became a house for the reception of ' cmbofeadors, and was bought by Sir John Spencer, father in-law of the first Earl of Northampton, and who kept his iuayorelty there. In 1636 tbe East India Company held it. It became a Presbyterian Meeting-house in 1672, then un derwent partial demolition ,* and in 1831, what remained was carefully restored, and was well worthy the trouble and ex pense bestowed upon its preservation. Milton was buried next his father in the chancel of St. Giles, Cripplegate ; and his grave was said to be uxder the spot where the clerk's desk stood formerly. Certain parish ghouls, comprising the churchward ens , vestry clerk, er others, opened the supposed grave in August 1780, and dis covered & leaden coffin resting on a wooden one, supposed to be that of Milton's father. Ihe leaden coffin, when opened, disclosed a body in a shroud. The hair was six inches long, neatly combed and tied together. A part of this was cnt oti^ and some of the teeth extracted, and then the remains were left to be exhibited by the sexton, for money, to the publio. The remains, possibly, were those of Milton, although some conjectured they were those of a female, owing to the long hair. 