CONSECRATION OF THE ROMAN CATHOLIC BISHOP OF ADE LAIDE. One of the grandest and most solemn of tho spectacles of the Roman Catholic Church is the consecration of a bishop ; aud from the fact lhat very few creations take place iu the southern hemisphere, tho interest attaching to tho cere- mony la exteusivo. The vncnncy In the present instance lies occurred by the decease of the Right Rev. Dr. Geoghegnn, who expired some months since in Dublin, whilst on a visit to his native land. AH who knew tho deceesed prelate in Melbourne deeply deplored his death, as a scholar, a profound thiuker, and a most Christian gentleman was thereby lost to the church and tho community. His immediate successor is Dr. Shiel, heretofore acting bs Archdtacon of Ballanrnt, but nlso well known far many yenrs in Melbourne and otber districts of Victoria, as ono of tho most successful pioneers of Christianity end education. His zeal in each Instance 1ms been unceasing, and at length he has been re warded for his labours by being elected one of the princes of his church, and receiving tho mitre, oneof the grentestbonours conferred by the Church of Rome. Yesterday morning ho was consecrated in St. Francis' Church, in the presence of an immense congregation. Soon after H o'clock, the procession moved from tho vestry, headed by the Right Rev. Dr. Goold, Bishop of Melbourne; the Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Ilobart Town; the Right Rev. Dr. Elol, Bishop of Southern Oceanica ; and the Bishop. elect ; n large number of priests following in tho train to the Banetuary. The consecration servico then began, the organ and choir in a burst of sacred melody commencing Mozart's " Twelfth Mass," Professor Hughes acting as organist. The offi- elating Bishop, the Right Rev. Dr. Goold, hod for his assistaut-dcacoss to the throne the Rev. Henry England nnd the Rev. F. Corbett. The deacons of tho mass wero tho Very Rev. Dr. Hayes, Denn of Sandhurst, and the Rev. James Moore, of Keiior, and his lordship's chaplains, the Very Rev. Dr. Blonsdalo and the Rev. Geo. Berry. The Very Rev. the Vicar-Geaeral, Dr. l'itzpatrick, acted aa assistant priest. The chaplain of tha Bishop of Ilobart Town wa3 tho Rev. S. Renrdon. The Very Rev. Dr. Forrest, of St. John's College, Syduey. officiated as chaplain to Bishop Eloi, and the Very Rev. Dr. Smith, Vieer-Gencral of Adelaide, in the same capacity to the Right Rev. Dr. Shiel. Amongst the clergymen present were the Rev. Julian Woods, Penola, S.A. ; Revs. F. Downing and — Hoyne, of Gecloag ; Rev. E. A. O'Dwyer, Sandhurst ; Rev. W. Finn, Heidelberg ; Rev. M. Skehan, Croswlck ; Revs. — Knvanagh and — O'Driscoll, Emerald Hill; Rev. B. Power, Ballaarat ; Rev. C. O'Hee, Pontrldge ; Revs. F. Kelly, S.J. ; — Leatalgnc, S.J. ; — Nolan, S.J. ; — M'Iniry, S.J. The Very Rev. Dr. Backhaue acted as master of cere monies. The altar and throne had been beauti fully and artistically decorated, under the super vision of Mr. D. Brookman, clerk of St. Francis'. Tho celebrant was tho Right Rev. Dr. Goold, assisted by Bishops Murphy and Eloi. The ceremonial commenced by robing and vest ing the prelate elect with vestments of the most handsome nndoostly description that could be pro cured in this portion of the world. He was then presented to the Bishop of the dio cese (Dr. Goold), and Dean Hayes read in the Latin tongue, the bull that had been received appointing Dr. Shiel, Bishop of Adelaide. Dr. Shiel then took tho oath of obedience to His Holiness the Pope, and promised to observe the rights of the Sea of Adelaide latact. His ex amination as to the faith entrusted to him, his fealty to the Pope, and humility to the poor, was then proceeded with by the Bishop af Melbourne. The litany having been sung, the hymn Veni Creator was chanted, while the head and hands of tho prelate elect were anointed with holy chrism, and the gloves and episcopal ring handed to bim. The consecrating an I consecrated Bishops then said mass to the lesson, and atterwards nt the same altar together par took of the Borne chalice and host. Then having been presented with the pastoral staff, the newly created Bishop moved witli the other Bishops down the church aud bestowed his Benediction on the congregation. On returning to the altar after moss lied been said the newly consecrated bishop was enthroned by Dr. Goold, and received the usual sulutatieus from his brother prelate'. The ceremony, which lasted nearly three haurs, was now concluded, the cbeir singing the Te Deurn In the seme manner as in the chapel of Ilis Holiness the Pops, at Rome. The Rev. B. Power, of Ballaarat, then preached the con secrating sermon, taking for his text, " Go ye, ond teach ail nations.'' Matthew xxviii., 19v. After treating his subject in a most scholarly and eloquent manner, though' evidently suffering from i indisposition, addressing the Bishop of Adelaide, lie said : — " And now, my Lord Bishop, I will claim your indulgence for a mo ment while I address to you personally a . few words on tiie solemn scene in which you natu rally stood out as the principal object. Iu obe dience to the voice of Peter's successor, you have accepted a ttrritory nnd n flock, to rule them os Bishop of the Church of God. The holy anointment has plsced you on the episcopal beach to assist them with your piety, your prudence, and learning, in the mighty work for which the Holy Ghost has sot tbem apart. For tho burden of the episcopate, humanly speak- Inn. la nfnlprahli. Ynn must lenn nn tho Almighty arm of Him whose voice has elected you from among men to bear it. Tho early training of a spoilcss life lias fitted you fur it— whether it was in the Irish home of your boyhood, where, under the teaching and example of a bishop who now is resting in the bosom of God, and whoso ssinted namo must bo familiar to those by whom I am surrounded — the late Dr. Hughes, of Gibraltar — you first were led to devote your life to the service of God, or in Rome nmld the cloisters of St. Isidore's convent on tho Plncian Hill, where for years yon drank in the spirit of your sainted founder St. Francis — tho spirit of self-sacrifice and humility, — or of tho cross, or In the academic balls already consecrated by the genius, prodigious learning, aud holy life of the great Luko Wadding, where you received the honours justly duo to your talents. If these be claims sufficient to iustify your elevation to tho episcopate they are entirely yours. My Lord Bishop, if thirteen yean of arduous foieign mission-life upon the Australian land are to-day crowned by thesccne of wbleh we aro spectators, It Is only the approving verdict of tho several flocks whom you guided with fidelity nnd zeal, nnd who in return obeyed your holy counsels nnd prnotlco, as their pastor, with cheerful docility and ardour. Let no poor words of mine further stay the course of the Holy Spirit in your favour; lot tho imoosine hands nnd'holy anointing bring Him down from on iilgh, filling your heart and brain with the gifts of pence and power to cnablo you to accomplish tho mighty work set apart for you; let tho fires of the Spirit descend upon you, at whom kindling touch tho lioly priest will be changed into n bishop of God's holy church, and then, my Lord Bislinp-eiect, with tho mitre of justice on your consecrated head, with the staff of power In your hand, "go forth to tonch and rale the new Inheritance" of Adelaldo assigned to you. Ours will be tho grlsf in parting with you. hers will ho tho consolation — Victoria loses the faithful, loving priest; she gains the Bi«hop nf her desires. Such nro tho compensations of a good providence In the erer-shiftlng scenes of life. Go forth, my Lord Bishop, with thoprnycrs nnd blessings of your friends nnd flocks for your future happiness hero nnd beyond the grave ; and when tho evening of, I trust, a long life shall by its thickening shadows warn yon that your course has well nigh run out, when surrounded and supported by tho affection and fidelity of a faithful priest hood and flock, tho corona Jratrum may she, our risen Queen, whose glories the Church to day is chanting from Rome to Melbourne, stand by your dying pillow to shed round It tba sweet fragrance of her intercesslonnry power ; tuBy she lead you in the dark night of death across the wilderness to Jesus the eternal Pontiff, who will give yon that crown of unfading beauty awarded to those who preserve the faith." Tho proceed ings were then concluded, and bishops, doctors, deans, and acolytes left the sanctuary. 