SHIPPING SUMMARY. ARRIVALS FROM EUROPE. FEBRUARY 14.— Caesar Goddeffroy, Hamburg barque, 600 tons, Captain Decker, in Brisbane Roads, from Hamburg. Passengers : Dr. Bernstein, surgeon- superintendent, and 318 German immigrants. C. Heussler and Co., agents. February 26.—Souchays, C.M.S.S., 650 tons, Captain Charles Blick, from Batavia, February 6; Port Albany, February 17; and Port Denison, February 23. Passengers: From Batavia—Mr. Sondegger and native servant, Mr. Eroni, and seven in the steerage. From Port Denison—Mrs. Chamberlain and servant, Mr. Brodziack, and four in the steerage. Messrs. J. and G. Harris, agents. February 27.—Mary Lawson, barque, 380 tons, Captain H. Thompson, in Brisbane Roads, from London. Webb Brothers, agents. February 27.—Legion of Honor, Black Ball ship, 1219 tons, Captain W. S. Williams, in Brisbane Roads, from London. Passengers: Saloon — Mr. and Mrs. Vigden and four chil- dren, Mrs. Grimley, Mr. Edward Grimley, Miss Grimley, Mr. E. H. Cox, Mr. H. Wallace, Mr. A. W. Gliddon, Mr. R. W. Curtis, Mr. R. H. Pearson, Mr. A. B. Kavanagh, Mr. A. Scott, Mr. S. A. Morton, Mr. R. L. Mainwaring, Mr. William Palmer, Mr. F. A. Norris, Mr. E. A. Salmon, Mr. Ivor Yorath, and Dr. Lavin, Sur- geon Superintendent. Second Cabin—Mrs. Strickland, Messrs. Brown, Shelford, Liggins, Morley, Makin, and 462 in the intermediate and steerage. ARRIVALS via NORTHERN PORTS. March 12.—Sultana, Black Ball Ship, 1204 tons, Captain T. Williams, from Hervey's Bay. Bright Brothers, agents. DEPARTURES. February 23.—Earl Russell, ship, 1042 tons, Captain D. B. Bolt, for Callao, in ballast. February 24.—Great Victoria, Black Ball s.s., 2298 tons, Captain Richards, for Sydney. Passengers: Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Manning, Miss Rushton, and Dr. Sissons. February 27.—Queen of the South, Black Ball ship, 1859 tons, Captain Purvis, for Callao, in ballast. March 2.—La Rochelle, German barque, 226 tons, Captain J. Junge, for Valparaiso, with part of original cargo. March 6.—Caesar Godeffroy, German ship, 428 tons, Captain A. Deckers for Valparaiso, with part of original cargo. March 6.—John Caesar, Hamburg barque, 414 tons, Captain Brock, for Valparaiso, in ballast. THE CAESAR GODEFFROY. This ship left Hamburg on October 15, and went direct to sea, but meeting with very severe weather in the German Ocean she put back to Cuxhaven after being two days out. She lay in port for ten days when she again put to sea, but was once more compelled to return to port. Her final departure was made on the 5th November, and she went down the channel with a favoring breeze, and cleared Landsend on the third day, November 8. Thence to the line she had pleasant and fine weather, and she crossed the Equator on December 6, in long. 29 deg. 12 min. W. She at once fell in with the South East Trades, and had a good run to the Cape of Good Hope. The latitude of that point was made on December 22, and she crossed the meridian on the 31st of the same month. About five days before passing the Cape she experienced a very high sea, and on January 2, in lat. 40 deg. 9 min. S., and long. 27 deg. 50 min. E., she met with a very heavy gale from the W.N.W., accompanied by a high sea, during which the glass fell from 29.80 to 29.22. Again, on the 18th, she had another violent gale from the N.N.E. by N., which blew with terrific violence for about five hours, and during this time the barometer read as low as 28.40. The highest southing made in running the easting was the 46th parallel. The Cesar Godeffroy passed to the southward of Tas- mania, on January 31, and then for seven days she had strong southerly breezes, and on the 7th February she sighted Cape Byron. The two following days she had strong northerly winds, which caused Captain Decker to stand off shore. These gales seemed to have a circular course, commencing at north and travelling round eastwardly to north- west. To these succeeded calms and baffling winds, which, together with the coast current, prevented the ship reaching Cape Moreton until Tuesday, February 13. Captain Decker estimates that by the causes above-men- tioned he lost upwards of 150 miles after sighting Cape Byron. On the day she first made the Cape she was unable to enter Moreton Bay, as there was no wind, and she was drifted to the southward about 42 miles, and it was not until 9 a.m. on the 14th that the pilot from Moreton Island took charge of the ship. The same evening she came to an anchor in Brisbane Roads. On the passage there has been very little sickness among the passengers, notwith- standing that there was a very large proportion of children. When the vessel sailed there were 316 passengers; but on the passage there were five births and two deaths, thus bringing the number landed up to 319\. One of the deaths was a woman who died in childbirth, and the other was an infant under two years of age. The passengers were passed by the Health Officer on Thursday, February 15, and were brought up from the ship on the 17th, in the Kate, s., which con- veyed them direct to the depot at Ipswich. At the time of embarkation the numbers might be classified thus: Males, 123; females 109; children, males, 41; females, 31; infants under one year, males 2; females 7; total, males, 166; ditto females, 150; grand total, 316. VOYAGE OF THE SOUCHAYS. ON her outward trip the contract mail steamer Souchays discharged the pilot at Moreton Island at 7.40 p.m. on January 8, and on the 12th ar- rived at Port Denison, having experienced mode- rate winds and thick rainy weather. Next day, at 5.40 a.m., she proceeded on her passage, and arrived at Somerset, Port Albany, at 10.20 a.m. on January 18. The whole of the passage from Port Denison to Albany the weather was most unfavorable, and the vessel had to contend with northerly winds attended by thick rain, and heavy squalls, so that she was compelled to anchor every night, and in some cases she had to bring to at an early hour in the afternoon. She left at 1.10 p.m. on the 18th, and at 8.40 p.m. she passed Booby Island, thence to the 23rd she had a heavy westerly monsoon, the force of which was so great as to reduce her speed to five and six knots an hour. At noon on that day, in lat. 9.8 south, and 130.40 east, the wind began to moderate, and at midnight she had fine clear weather, and from that time until she anchored at Batavia she had similar weather, with light variable winds, and at times the vessel made eleven to eleven and a half knots per hour. She arrived at her destination at 0.40 p.m. on Tuesday, January 30, after a passage from port to port of 21 days 9 hours and 40 minutes, of which she was 3 days 9 hours and 30 minutes at anchor, making the time, under steam, 18 days 9 hours and 10 minutes. In that period she travelled over a distancc of 3620 miles. On the return passage she sailed from Batavia at 8.30 a.m, on February 6, and at 2.40 p.m. on the 8th sent letters and tele- grams ashore for Batavia, announcing the ship's safety, by the Bangoe Wangie pilot boat in Baly Straits. This is stated to be the shortest passage from Batavia to Baly Straits ever yet performed, less than the average by some twenty hours. On Thursday, 15th February, at 9.55 p.m., the steamer anchored off Booby Island, and lay there until 4.30 a.m. on the 16th. So far the weather was exceedingly pleasant. The sea was smooth as glass, and the wind very light or calm, and the current in the ship's favor. In passing through Prince of Wales' Channel, some natives came off in a canoe, and gave Captain Blick some tortoise shell and toys, for which they received tobacco and biscuit. At 1.50 p.m. on the same day, she anchored in Port Albany, where she remained until 7.10 a.m., on February 17, when she proceeded. Thence she was compelled to anchor every night, until she reached Port Denison, where she came to anchor at 6 p.m., on February 22. ' On February 23, nt"5 a.m., she again got underweigh, and at 1.30 p.m. on Monday, she cast anchor under Moreton Island to wait for a pilot. She lay there until 3.30 p.m. when she was boarded by Mr. Wyborn, the harbor- master. On the morning of Sunday, the day previous to arrival, she had light southerly winds and a heavy swell from south-east, with a cloudy threatening sky. As the day advanced the wind increased in violence and was attended with squalls of rain, and a heavy sea, while the glass stood at 29.80, during the heaviest port of the gale. By nightfall the gale had reached its greatest violence, and the ship was compelled to heave to. During it she lost several sails, carried away the main gaff, and stove the first cutter, so as to render her useless. As day broke the wind moderated, but the sea conti- nued very heavy, and the ship was not able to make more than half-speed. In lat. 13 deg. 37 min., S., and long. 143 deg. 48 min., E., at 6.30 a.m., on February 19, the Souchays signalled H.M.S. Salamander, bound for Port Albany, under canvas. So far the experiment of the Queensland Government in attempting to establish the long talked of Torres Straits mail route may be con- sidered highly satisfactory. The steamer has made the trip to Batavia and back in a period that demonstrates the practicability of the mail service being carried out. The Batavians are only too anxious to facilitate the establishment of this mail service, and the reception they gave to Captain Blick as the represen- tative of the Queensland Government, was most enthusiastic. He was feted in the most flattering manner, and his vessel was exempted from all the usual harbor dues. Next trip the vessel will be supplied with the same coal as used by the war vessels of the Dutch Government at the mere cost price, and that will not exceed the cost of Newcastle coal here. In short, the ship was treated in every respect as if she had been a vessel of war instead of a mail steamer. It was rumored also in Batavia that the Dutch Government would sub- sidise a mail service between that place and Australia, via Torres Straits. It was also stated that they intended to send a commissioner to Brisbane, to ascertain what arrangements could be made with the Queensland Govern- ment. In addition to a fair number of passengers, the Souchays brings about fifty tons of cargo, and would have brought much more had the stowage room been available. She, however, brings three beautiful ponies, the largest of which does not exceed 3ft. 6in. in height, and the smallest is not larger than a Newfoundland dog. The most interesting portion of the live stock, however, are ten guaramier, a fresh-water fish. These are the first that have arrived in Queensland. Several attempts have been made at various times to introduce them to the other colonies, but only once before this has the effort been attended with success. THE LOG OF THE SOUCHAYS. The following abstract of the log of the Sou- chays on her outward passage hence to Batavia has been furnished to us by Captain Blick for publication : CIVIL TIME OBSERVED Date Hours under Stea Hours at anchor Remarks Jn. 8 7.0 Left anch. Moreton Bay, 5 p.m. 9 24.0 Mod. N. to N.E. winds, cloudy 10 24.0 Fresh vble. winds, squally, thick rainy weather 11 17.0 7.0 Mod.E. winds, thick weather, squally, rain 12 10.0 14.0 Fresh S.E. winds, squally. At 3 p.m. anchored in anchored in Port Denison 13 13.20 9.40 Left P. Denison 5.40 a.m. ; Heavy rains and squalls 14 15.0 9.0 Squally thick weather, heavy rain 15 15.40 8.20 Fresh N.N.W. winds and passing squalls 16 13.111 10.60 Fresh N. winds and rain at times 17 14.40 9.20 Fresh N. winds and squally 18 15.10 8.20 Fresh N.N.W. winds and fine ; arrived at and ssiled from C. York settlement 19 24.0 Hard N.W. squalls,with rain 20 21.0 Strong W.N.W. monsoon and heavy rain 21 24.0 Heavy ditto, with squalls and rain 22 24.0 ...Ditto ditto ditto 23 24.0 Moderate W. wind and fine weather 24 240 Light W. monsoon, passing showers 25 24.0 Cloudy, light squalls, and rain 26 24.0 Light N.W. winds, fine weather 27 24.0 Light variable winds, fine weather 28 19.o 5.0 Bolts of shaft broke ; detained 5 hours 29 24.0 Variable W. winds, rain 30 12.40 Fine weather: anchored in Batavia Bay at9.40 o.m. 441 10 51.30 Total number of days under steam, 18 days, 9 hours, 10 minutes, Total number of day at anchor, 3 days, 9 hours, 30 minutes. Number of days from port to port, 21 days, 18 hours, 40 minutes. THE MARY LAWSON. The barque Mary Lawson sailcd from Graves- end on October 26th, and the same night brought to at the Nore. At 5 a.m. next day she again weighed, but at 3 p.m. she came to anchor off the North Foreland, the wind then was from the south-west, and the weather fine. On the 28th, at 4 a.m., the wind suddenly shifted to north-east, and an attempt was made to weigh the anchor, but owing to the heavy sea running, the effort was abandoned after the purchase of the windlass had carried away. At 7 a.m. it was found necessary to slip the cable, and the anchor and forty fathoms of chain were lost. The Golden City and many other ships were at anchor in company with the Mary Lawson in that gale, and several of them lost their anchors and cables. The barque rounded the South Foreland at 9 a.m., and at 10 a.m. the pilot was landed off Dover. The vessel then proceeded down the channel, but all her disas- ters were not over, for next day, October 29, at 6 a.m., there was a sudden squall from south- west, accompanied by heavy rain. In the attempt to keep the ship from drifting on to the land several sails were split. Thence to Madiera she had very bad weather, with very heavy seas, which frequently broke over all. Duriug this period she carried away her bulwarks and stanchions, and lost the live stock and part of her deck cargo. From Madeira to the Equator the ship had moderate weather, and thence to Queensland the passage has been without any incident worthy of remark. Cape Moreton was sighted on February 23, at 4 p.m., and at 5 p.m. she brought to off the yellow patch on Moreton Island. At 7 a.m. on the following day she was boarded by Pilot Woods, who brought her up to the anchorage in Bris- bane Roads the same evening. Since then she has been towed up the river as far as Eagle Farm flats, and in the course of a few days she will be towed up to the wharf to discharge. THE LEGION OF HONOR. The Black Ball ship Legion of Honor left the Downs on November 27, with a cargo and 492 passengers for this port. She experienced strong southerly winds until December 1, on which day she was off the Lizard Point. For nine following days strong south-westerly and westerly gales prevailed, and the ship made but little progress. After passing Cape Finisterre, on December 19, favorable easterly winds set in and carried the ship on to the north-east trades. These took her as far as long. 5.16 north and latitude 26.31 west, where he fell in with the south-east trades, and consequently was not subjected to the usual equa- torial calms. She crossed the Line on December 26, at midnight, in long. 26 deg. 30 min. west. The S.E. trades were retained as far as lat. 20 S., and long. 28 deg. W., where she had light westerly winds, which car- ried her as far as 45 deg. S. She crossed the meridian of the Cape of Good Hope on January 20, the fifty-first day out. Thence she had fine steady westerly winds ranging from north-west to south-west up to the south-west Cape of Tasmania, which she sighted at noon of Feb- ruary 13, making just 24 days' run from the Cape. The easting was run down on the 44th parallel S., and during it she had foggy weather, from long. 40 deg. E. to long. 80 deg. E., and observed a great quantity of sea weed. After rounding Tasmania, the prevalent winds were from north-east, and the ship had to contend against a strong southerly current. Smoky Cape was sighted on February 21, and Cape Moreton on Sunday last, February 25, at 1 p.m., and at 6 p.m. she cast anchor under Moreton Island. Owing, to the prevalence of strong unfavorable winds she was unable to reach Bris- bane roads until Tuesday, the 27th. The health of the passengers, particularly the women and children was of low character, and this was observed soon after the passengers had embarked. Whooping cough was the only disease of an infectious nature which made its appearance on the passage, and owing to the attention of Dr. Lavin, the surgeon-superinten- dent, this was prevented from spreading to an alarming extent. There were seven deaths on the passage, and five births, of which three were premature. The passengers all seem to be satisfied with the treatment they have received at the hands of the captain and officers, and not a few complimentary addresses have been presented to the first named gentlemen by the passengers. Captain Williams reports that he has ex- changed signals with the undernamed vessels : On December 14, in lot. 35 deg. 19 min. N., long, 18 deg. 40 min. W., the barque La Flor de la Plata, from Liverpool to Buenos Ayres, six- teen days out. On December 30, in lat. 10 deg. 34 min. S., long. 30 deg. W., the ship Rose of Denmark, from London to Bueuos Ayres. On January 4, in lat. 20 deg. 17 min. S., lon. 28 deg. W., the barque Bahia, from Sydney to London. On January 7, in lat. 26 deg. 40 min. S., long. 25 deg. W., the ship Sir John Lawrence, from Port Talbot to London, fifty-two days out. THE ARRIVAL OF THE SULTANA IN HERVEY'S BAY. The Marylorougli Chronicle, of March 3, has the following with reference to the arrival of this vessel : By the Leichhardt, on Wednesday, February 28, intelligence reached Maryborough that the Sultana had arrived at Hervey's Bay. On the following morning Mr. Sheridan, immigration agent ; Mr. Davidson, J.P., and Dr. Ward, health officer, as commissioners, and Mr. Travis, agent for the vessel, proceeded by the Florence Irving to hold the usual official inquiry into the state of the vessel, and health of the immi- grants previous to landing them. Owing to the presence of sickness on board, and that seventy-eight deaths had occurred on the voy- age, only the Health Officer went on board the vessel, and full particulars of the voyage could not be obtained. For the following items we are indebted to the courtesy of Mr. Sheridan:—The Sultana left Liverpool on the 5th of November, with 558 passengers, of which 13 were single men, 77 single women, 468 members of families. No vessels were spoken with, and nothing worthy of note occur- red on the voyage, which, as far as speed was concerned, was a prosperous one till off this coast, when head winds were encountered, which delayed the vessel a fortnight. Cape Moreton was passed on the 25th February, before daylight, which will account for the Sultana not having been reported. On the 27th, the pilot was taken on board in Hervey's Bay ; and on Wednesday, the Leichhardt passing through the Bay, the Sultana was towed by her to anchorage near Little Woody Island. As we have said, seventy-eight deaths have occurred, the last being on Thursday, after the vessel was at anchorage. Seventy-four of the deaths are of infants and children, and four of adults. There have been several births, but we have not the exact number. The doctor reports causes of death to be scarlatina, whoop- ing cough, dysentery, and fever of'a typhoid kind. There have been only four fatal cases of fever—the last about a month ago. At the pre- sent time there are eight children ill. All com- munication with the vessel has been prohibited. The passengers are to land on Little Woody Island to air bedding and wash clothing before it is brought into the depot. In consequence of the ship doctor conceiving it not to be his duty to attend to the sick now the vessel is in port, and manifesting an unwillingness to do so, Dr. Ward, as Health Officer, has been sent down to attend the immigrants. Tents, an abundant supply of bread, fresh meat, vegetables, and medical comforts, have been sent to the vessel. We do not anticipate, the immigrants will be long detained on Woody Island, but that, of course, will depend on the medical report. The same journal of a later date, March 5, says :— A passenger by this vessel has furnished us with the following account of the voyage: The Sultana, Captain Thomas Williams, left Liverpool on the evening of Tuesday, the 4th November, 1865, with nearly 600 souls on board, including crew and officers, under tow of the steam tug Rescue, for the first 150 miles of her long, long journey. The passage through the Irish Channel was an exceedingly fine one ; the captain said we had the finest start he had made for sixteen years. Nothing of note oc- curred until the night of the 8th November, when we very nearly met with what might have proved a very serious disaster, by coming into collision with a vessel ; it was very dark, the sea running very high, and we were moving through the water very fast; the narrowness of our escape may be estimated by the fact that we ran so near the vessel that we lost some of our rigging and sails by their getting foul of the other's standing gear ; all on board were a good deal alarmed. On the 12th November, a fine boy died from croup, aged six years ; this was the first of the, host of little one's death took from the ship. We crossed the line on the 4th December, the weather being exceedingly fine with a slight breeze. Neptune paid his cus- tomary visit on board, and with the usual barberous rites was propitiated; there was some rare fun at the poor victims doomed to be shaved to please His Mightiness, but they took it all in good part. On the 6th December we sighted some reefs, and on the 7th land, which proved to be on the coast of South America ; here head winds prevailed, and we were some time tacking about the Brazilian coast. The weather was now fiercely hot, and sickness broke out amongst the children, and from this time the deaths were very numerous, the recording of which, in detail, would wear and sicken you. A woman, the first adult, died on the 9th December, in childbirth, A few days after, another woman died of fever ; these were the only grown-up people that died. Christmas Day was kept with as much jollity as circum- stances would porinit, with plum-pudding, without the roast-beef, and plenty of music and singing, especially from the single girls. A porpoise has harpooned the following day, and hauled on deck. On the 30th December we had very rough weather, strong wind and heavy sea, and we shipped a great deal of water. The Old Year was rung out, and the New Year in, by the sailors on the ship's bell, which startled a good many of the passengers out of their bunks, under the impression that the ship was on fire. On the 1st February we sighted the lighthouse on King's Island, and saw, soon after, the first land since we left the coast of Brazil. The passengers were all in high glee, thinking we were going to have a quick pas- sage, when the wind shifted round to nearly a head wind, ivhich prevailed for nenrly a month, and we made but slow headway. We beat up at lost to the entrance of Hervey's Bay ; on the 27th February took the pilot on board, and were brought to our anchorage at the head of the bay the next day. On the 30th February, the Commissioners visited us, bringing us a supply of fresh provisions, which were very acceptable to all on board. Great praise is due to the captain and officers for the ability and carefulness always mani- fested in working the vessel, and their kind behaviour to the passengers. To the captain I believe the preservation of many lives is due. In my opinion, a great deal of the sickness was owing to the almost utter want of inspection prior to leaving Liverpool. I will mention one instance:—A family, the children of which were suffering from scarlatina, were permitted to come on board and occupy their berths two three days before starting. It is true they were ultimately sent on shore, but the children of the family who afterwards occupied thoir berth were attacked with the disease, and three out of four died on the voyage ; evidently the seeds of the disease had been planted by the former ocoupants, and this was the deadly fruit. Again, some of the passengers actually made the voyage with but one change of clothing—a state of things that ought to have been and would have been im- possible if proper inspection had taken place at Liverpool. I will not say anything of the con- duct of the Surgeon-superintendent to the pas- sengers, as it is to be the subject of searching enquiry before the Immigration Board, and if he escapes condemnation in some shape I shall not have a very high opinion of the justice or humanity prevailing iu Queensland ; but from the honest and careful manner in which the commissioners did their duty at the preliminary investigation, I believe he and we shall have justice done us. The Sultana arrived in Moreton Bay on March 12, and is now discharging her cargo. THE CRUISE OF THE PLATYPUS. This steamer arrived at the Queen's Wharf on February 9, off a cruise from the Northern Ports. This is by no means an unusual occurrence with this vessel, but her present voyage is invested with more than an ordinary amount of interest, as, during a considerable portion of the time she has been absent, she has been engaged in seeking for persons supposed to be suffering the hardships of shipwreck. Happily, however, her return has brought tidings that relieved the anxiety for the fate of unknown sufferers, which led to her being despatched on her errand of mercy. The subjoined narrative of her cruise we have been enabled to compile from the ship's log, by the courtesy of Captain Cairncross and Mr. Twine, the chief officer. It commences with the date of her leaving Rockhampton in search of the sur- vivors of the burning ship soon off Lady Elliott's Island, on the night of February 19, by Captain Page, of the A.S.N. ' Co.'s s.s., Saxonia. This vessel, which subsequently was ascertained to be the barque Loda, from Mel- bourne to Shanghai, with coal, was then believed to be the immigrant ship Sultana ; and, of course, much anxiety was felt as to what might be the fate of the six hundred souls on board. The narrative is as follows :— Wednesday, February 21.—On the receipt that day of telegraphic instructions from the Hon. A. Macalister, Minister for Lands and Works, Captain Cairncross got his ship ready for sea, and at 1 p.m. he cast off from Rockhampton wharf, and proceeded down the Fitzroy. After passing Cape Capricorn, the vessel passed close to and examined every island from Masthead Island southwards to Lady Elliott's Island, which she sighted at midnight on the 22nd, and then hove to. Friday, February 23.—At daylight she shaped a course for No. 1 Island of the Bunker group. On approaching this islet she passed several pieces of floating wreck, all more or less burned. One piece was a large spar, apparently a mizenmast. It was coppered at one end, and a good deal charred. Another portion of the wreck presented the appearance of having been used for a life buoy, and this was picked up. It consisted of two pieces of wood, probably parts of a ship's skids, burnt at one end. They were lashed together in a manner which would lead to the supposition that they had been employed for the support of some unfortunate cast- away, who had become exhausted and lost his hold. The examination of the island did not afford any clue to the missing ship, and accordingly at 7 a.m. the steamer was put about, and she ran for Lady Elliott's Island. At 1 p.m. she hove to under its lee, and a boat came off from the shore, in charge of Mr. Robinson, who gave Captain Cairncross a written description of the wreck of a burnt vessel that he had seen drifting near the island on February 21st. Mr. Robinson's account was not important, but was sufficient to show that the vessel in question was identical with the Loda, although at that time the officers of the Platypus were ignorant of this fact. At. 3 p.m. the steamer once more got under weigh, and made for the western extreme of Great Sandy, or, as it is bettor known, Fraser Island, and at 11 p.m. she came to off it, and made signals which would attract the attention of any person in distress on the shore. Saturday, February 24.—At daylight the Platypus steamed into Platypus Bay, and a search party was sent on shore. They returned after some hours, without having seen even an aboriginal. By this time the fuel was running short, and, in order to obtain sup- ply, it was decided to go to Maryborough, and accordingly the vessel's course was shaped for that place. At 1 p.m. she passed the Fairway Buoy in Hervey's Bay, and at 7 p.m. she hauled alongside the Mary- borough wharf. On arrival there Captain Cairncross learned for the first time the name of the vessel whose wreck had been found on Lady Elliott's Island; and her master, Captain Wade, togothor with his crew, had by that time arrived safely at Maryborough. Captain Wade had, in his report to the Sub- collector of Cus- toms, Mr. Sheridan, stated that when the Loda was off Wreck Reef, he observed persons on it who were making signals of distress, but owing to the disabled condition of his vessol he could not afford them any assist- ant. This news created much uneasiness, and it was determined to despatch the Platypus to Wreck Reef on a second cruise, as soon as she could be cooled and provisioned. Sunday, February 25.—At 10.45 a.m. she got underweigh, and proceeded down the river as far as the Heads. At that lime it was blowing a violent gale from the southward, and Captain Cairncross deemed it imprudent to put to sea until the weather moderated. Monday, February 26.—At 5 a.m. she got underweigh, although it was still blowing hard. At 5 p.m. she sighted Lady Elliott's Island, and at midnight there was a strong breeze with a beam sea, which caused the steamer to roll very heavily. Tuesday, February 27.—At daylight the weather was more moderate, and by noon she had fine pleasant weather. Wednesday, February 28.—At 1 p.m. she made the Reef, and on getting close to it she hove to. At 3 p.m. a boat was sent on shore. On landing, it was ascertained that there was a party of eight men on the Reef, who were employed in pre- paring guano for shipment. They were under the superintendence of Mr. Thomas Henry Clark, who stated that they were the servants of a firm in Hobart Town, who had leased the Reef from the Imperial Government. He had on abundance of provisions, and he and his men were living in huts they had erected. Alto- gether they might be considored as living very comfortably when the barren and desolate nature of the reef is taken into account. Mr. Clark also stated that on February 17, he saw a disabled barque to tho north-east, which was then steering to the westward. She had lost all her topmasts and jibboom, and was under her two coursos, fore-topmast staysail, a jib set for a main staysail, mizen topmast staysail, spanker and gaff-topsail. On seeing her, Mr. Clark hoisted a red flag, and finding that no notice was taken of his signal, hoisted the Union Jack, with the same result. When he last saw the vessel, she was steering to the westward. Mr. Clark gave some particulars with reference to quantities of guano which the reef afforded. He said that already some 1000 tons had been shipped, and that he then had a large quantity, stored in sheds built for the purpose, in readiness for shipment by the next vessel that arrived. There was also a considerable quantity undergoing the process of drying before being stored. The sheds alluded to were two in number, and were about 150 feet in length and 50 feet broad. At 5.80 p.m. the Platypus started on her return to Maryborough, and, after an uneventful passage, passed the Fairway Buoy next day at 10 a m. She passed the immigrant ship Sultana, lying off Little Woody Island, and arrived at Mary- borough at noon. From Saturday, March 8, till Monday after- noon, she was employed in bringing up the pas- sengers from the Sultana, and on Tuesday, March 6, she started for Brisbane, and went down the Mary as far as the Heads, where she lay at anchor all night. Next day she steamed down Sandy Island Straits, but anchored inside Wide Bay bar, where she remained until noon, on Thurs- day, March 8. At 10 p.m. the same day she made Cape Moreton light, passed through the Middle Channel at 2.30 a.m. on Friday, March 9, and, arrived at the, Queen's wharf, Brisbane, at 10 a.m. THE LOSS OF THE LODA. On Tuesday, February 20, great consternation and excitement was created in Brisbane by the receipt of a telegram from Gladstone stating that the Saxonia, s.s., while on her passage from Sydney to Gladstone had passed a large Ameri- can-built ship on fire near Lady Elliott's Island, This was the whole of the information then trans- mitted, and from this it was surmised that the ship was an immigrant vessel bound to some one of the northern ports of the colony. The greater probability was given to this conjecture by the fact that the Sultana from Liverpool to Hervey's Bay was due, and might have been sighted iu the neighborhood above mentioned. It may be readily imagined what distress and anxiety would be felt by those who expected friends and relatives among her five hundred and fifty-eight passengers. On the following evening, however, a telegram was received from Maryborough, which put an end to all doubts as to the name and identity of the ship. It stated that the captain, crew, and passengers of the burning vessel had arrived at that place in safety, and that the vessel was the barque Loda, 637 tons, Captain Wade, from Melbourne to Shanghae, with a cargo of coal. On February 23 Captain Wade arrived in Brisbane, by the Florence Irving, s., and from him we learned the subjoined particulars of this disastrous oc- currence :— The barque Loda was originally from Cardiff, with a cargo of coals bound to China, but hav- ing sustained damage on the passage, she made for Melbourne to refit. There she remained some time, while repairs were being executed, and finally sailed from Port Phillip in the pro- secution of her voyage on January 22. From that time all went well, and she had moderate winds and fine weather, until February 6, when she was in latitude 18 deg. 30 min, south, and longitude 162 deg. east. At this time her mishaps commenced. Towards the evening of that day the wind freshened, and at last became a perfect cyclone, commencing at south-east. From the position of the vessel between Bamp- ton Shoal and New Caledonia, Captain Wade was unable to heave the ship to, so he ran her before the gale. The sea was terrific, and as the vessel labored in the trough, the crests of the waves would occasionally break over the bulwarks, filling the decks with water and swamping the cabins. As if to odd to the horrors of the night, there was heavy and incossont rain throughout the gale. Captain Wade ran before the wind as long as he was able, and then hove the ship to under the maintopsail. This was blown away by the force of the wind, the fury of which may be conceived by the fact that the sail was now, had been bent for the first time in Melbourne, and was made of the best Gourock canvas. The ship was then lying under bare poles, and was laboring so heavily that to ease her Captain Wade cut away the backstays, and allowed the topmasts to fall over the side. This had the desired effect to some extent, but before the ship could be cleared of the wreck, the spars striking and chaf- ing against her with the action of the sea had made a large hole in her side about the water line. As the planking was not broken completely through, she did not leak to a dangerous extent. About noon on the 7th the weather moderated, but left the ship a com- plete wreck, and almost unmanageable from the loss of her spars. During the gale, ulrich lusted for about eighteen hours, the lowest reading of the baromotor was 28.85. An attempt was made to lighten the ship with the view of raising the damaged place in her side above water ; but, after throwing overboard a portion of the cargo, it was found that the diminution of the weight caused her to labor more heavily, and the attempt was abandoned. From that time the ship was so far fortunato as not to meet with any more bad weather, as it would have been impossible for her to have lived through another gale. She drifted, rather than sailed, until Monday, February 19, when she was in the position described by the captain of the Saxonia. Prior to that time, she had twice been in imminent danger of drifting on to the reefs of Bampton Shoal, and once had a narrow escape of striking on Wreck Reef. On Monday morning, it was found on sounding the pumps, which had always been carefully attended to, that she was leaking to a serious extent. Thereupon Captain Wade called the crew aft, and explaining the nature of their situation, asked them whether they had not better leave the ship. They unanimously expressed themselves in favor of this resolution. The boats, which had been kept in readiness for this emergency over since the gale had ceased, were then launched, and at 11.30 a.m. Captain Wade, with his wife, stewardess, and the whole of the ship's company, fourteen persons in all, left the ship in two boats. They steered for Hervey's Bay, Captain Wade intending to pass through Sandy Island Straits, and thus make for Brisbane. When half a mile from the ship it was noticed that she was on fire near the galley. Captain Wade does not know the cause of the fire, as there was no ap- pearance of anything of the kind before he left, but he conjectures that in the hurry of leaving the staysail may have been hauled down and allowed to remain on the galley funnel, or that some hot coals may have fallen out of the stove and set fire to the galley. About 5 p.m. on the same day the smoke of a steamer was seen approaching the boats. They hove to and made signals to her, but didnot succeed in attracting her attention, and as she altered her course the boats again pro- ceeded. During the night the boats came across one of the buoys at the mouth of the Mary River, which was then unknown to the shipwrecked crew, but they determined in fol- lowing the channel as marked. After getting some distance up the Mary, the boats fell in with Mr. Brown, with an aquatic picnic party from Maryborough, and under his direction they went up to town. This concludes Captain Wade's narrative. As far as we can loarn the Loda was only in- sured to the extent of the repairs executed in Melbourne—some £1500. The only things saved from her are the two boats and their gear a bimiaolo and compass, and the wearing ap- parel in which the castaways stood up in at the time of their leaving the ship. LAUNCH.—On February 15, a fine schooner yacht was launched from the building yard of Mr. E. Monk, at South Brisbane, for the hon. G. Harris. The vessel in question is an old friend of ours, known as the Hamlet's Ghost, and she has undergone such a metamorphosis that no one acquaiuted with her original form would recognise her as the same craft. Her history has not been on uneventful one. The original " Ghost," as she is familiarly called, was built on a coral reef off our north-east coast by the cast-away crew of a whaling schooner, belonging to Sydney, named the Prince of Den- mark. The reef had been occupied by the master of this whaler, Captain Bennett, as a depot for stores, &c.;, and it was in approaching it that that vessel was wrecked. The crew reached the depot in safety by means of the boats ; and to escape from this dreary and desolate spot they built a boat out of the remains of the schooner and some boat planks which Captain Bennett had in store. In her Captain Bennett and his crew, after suffering considerable hardships, succeeded in reaching this port. Subsequently she was purchased by her present owner for £100. He laid out a con- siderable sum upon her to fit her for the lighter- ing trade, and had her altered from a schooner to a ketch. As a lighter she was not a profitable vessel, owing to her small capacity for cargo, and ultimately she was laid up. More recently she was placed in the hands of Mr. Monk to convert her into a pleasure yacht, and the result may be seen in the smart little schooner now moored off his yard at the south side. Mr. Monk has evidently made his work a " labor of love." He has altered the former sharp life-boat like stern, into one more becoming her future occupation—namely, an eliptical stern. The bow also has undergone a change, and in place of a straight stem, she has now a slight over-hanging, which with two neatly designed head boards bearing her name in gold letters on a ribbon, form a very neat head. Nor has the general model of the vessel been overlooked, and all imperfections and irregularities in lines have been rectified, while over all the filling in, which the roughness of her original construction rendered necessary, she has been sheathed with inch cedar plank and coppered. Internally she has been supplied with a large number of additional timbers, and has been lined with a diagonal skin of pine. The cabin is situated amidships, and is calculated for the accommo- dation of twelve persons. On deck there is a large skylight, to afford more head room in the cabin ; and the deck itself has been relaid with colonial beech. The standing rigging is of wire rope, and the vessel was launched with her masts standing and colors flying. In order to do this safely it was necessary that she should have ballast on board, and this was supplied by iron kentledge cast in moulds to fit the vessel's bottom. Mr. Monk has hawJ on hand a vessel of a very different class. We allude to the light ship building for the Queens- land Government, and intended to be stationed at Keppel Bay. A large portion of the framing has been completed, and in a short time she will be ready for planking; but we defer a more extended notice until she is further advanced. South Brisbane appears to be, as our American cousins would say, " going ahead in the matter of ship building ; for within a hundred yards of this vessel Mr. W. Pettigrew has the keel of a steamer laid. This vessel will be about 30 tons burthen, with a light draught, and is intended to tow rafts of timber for the supply of his extensive sawmills. 