LONDON AMD ITS ANTIQUITIES. (Collated from ' Up and Down Ihe London Streets ih London Society.) IV. — (Conclusion J Let us pass into Spital-Fields, or Lolesworth, as it was called, (the burial- place of our Roman conquerors) where stood the Priory ana Hospital of St, Mary Spittle, 'strongly built of timber, and with a turret at one angle :'its ruins were revealed a9 late as the last century. At the north-east comer of Sjit&l; Square stood tbe pulpit-cross, in the open air, end where the celebrated Spital sermons (still continued at Christ Church, Newgate-street) were first preached, . The old map of Elizabeth's time shows Spital -fields an mipn nnniTA. Rfirn flip vpav phi moid: do mnmntht. tJin lonm having been introduced by the poor Protestant strangers, V'alloena and French, aad who Boon produced fabrics as good as thoBe of France, and worth £300,000 annually. The Spital-field weavers are great bird-fanciers, and singers at their work, Moorfields and Finabuiy bespeak their swampy origin. In Edward Il.'s time Thomas Falconer, Lord Mayor, had broken a way through the wall, built Moorgate, ani made ' causeways for the citizens to walk towards Islington and Hoxton. The fields were ditched and drained, and afforded walks for the peaceable citizens and their dames. Here were the bleachers and laundresses, 'whose acres of linen,' says Davenant, ' show like the fields of Carthagena when the five months' shifts of the whole fleet are washed and spread.' The walks and grass-plat shaded by trees were called the City Mall. Here waa the muster- ground for the train -bands of Lon don, formedatthe threatened Spanishin vasion, and their first place of meetingwas in Artillery Close ; but when the alarm was over they dissolved, end left the Artillery garden to the Tower gunners. The train-brands were re-formed in 1610, and, when the civil war broke out, they sided against the king, and did good service at Newbury, Brentfsrd, and else where. They mustered about twelve thousand, and Crom well esteemed them highly. That distinguished equestrian, John Gilpin, yon remember, wbs a train-band captain of London town, and the famous Honourable Artillery Com pany are their lineal descendants. Second-hand bookstalls were formed under the trees in iloorfields, to be represented in later years by the Temple of the Uuses, built by Jamos Lackington, who made £5U00 in one year by the sale of old books. A coach and four horses were once driven round bis shop by a consummate master of the ribbons. The Common Hunt was kept here at the Dogge House ; and that city ' meet' must have been a sight to have seen, with theSwordbearerperhapaas huntsman, and the Remem brancer as first whip, in his funny fur cap, which looks as though he had been so frightened ' tbat each particular hair doth stand on end a lunatic apparition which may remind that old Bedlam Hospital stood on the south aide. It- was built after the model of the Tuileries, which gave the French king great offence accordingly. A barbican, or watchtower, built on high ground, and whence a man might view the whole city towards the south and also into Eent, Sussex, and Surrey, and also every other way, Bays Stow, gave the name to a spacious thoroughfare connecting Finsbury with Alderagate-Btreet. It was once the mart for eld and new apparel. The Clerk's Well gave the name to the locality where for meily stood tbe magnificent monastery of the Knights of St. John of Jerusalem, and where King John resided, and more than one of our sovereigns held councils within its walls. Wat Tykr's mob destroyed the whole commandeiy, and be headed the prior in the courtyard, now the site of St. John's Square. The last prior but ene rebuilt the monastery late in the fifteenth century, and his sucoessor died of grief when the priory was suppressed. Five yean later the church was a storehouse for the nets and tents for hunting, the rest of the site being given to Lord Lisle for his service as High Admiral. The church was afterwards blown up by gun powder, and the materials used by the Proteotor Somerset m' building old Somerset Place in the Strand. The gate was, however, preserved, and remains to this day as the Jerusalem Tavern. Cave, fee printer, ooottpied It beferetime, and the names Johnson, Savage, 'poor and friendless' Goldsmith, end Garrick, nudes the spot classical. Johnson there eat his plate otvictuals behind a screen, hisdreeaeo shabby that he durst not make his appearance ; and Garriok played the ' Mock Doctor' in the room over the archway, the other parts in the farce sustained by the journeymen printers. In St. John's Square died the bold Bishop Burnet, and near there formerly stood the house ef Oliver Cromwell, where some euppsse the death-warrant of Charles was signed* In Clerkenwell stood also the Nunnery of St. Mary, wben the Biver of Wells, or the Fleet, ran trickling to Holbum Bridge, and a Coppice and Wilderness, and Saffron Gardens and Vineyard, all preserved by localities bo named, stretched away to the village of Islington. The ^pasa to that then dis tant region was so dangerous that people waited at Wood's Clbse — now Northampton-street— until they mustered in good force, and were then escorted on their way by an armed patrol. Near the northern end of St, John-street, Clerkenwell, stood the Bed Bull Theatre in Bed Bull Land, and the place retained its name until the beginning of the last cen tury, when it was called W oodbridge -street. When the 11 poor players' were suppressed by the Puritans, they assembled at this place dnnng Christmas and Bartlemy Fair time, under the direction of Alexander Gofie, the celebrated woman-actor of the Blaokfriar's Company. Hicks' Hall — eveiy body has heard of Hicks' Hall— whence the miles on the great north road were measured. It wss named after Sir Baptist Hicks, who built it in 1612. In this hall the good Lord William Bussell was condemned to death. It was in Smithfield (or Smithfield as it is commonly known) that were kindled the martyr fires of London from tht accession of Henry IV. One of the first martyrs was John Bedby, a tailor, in 1410, and the last is said to have been Bartholomew Leggatt. But the punishment by fire for other crimes than keeping a conscience was long retained, as Evelyn speaks of seeing a miserable creature burning who had murdered her husband. We believe, however, that suoh agonies were shortened by strangulation. Among the old woodouts in the first edition of ' Fox's Book of Martyrs,' ie the burning of the brave, good, and witty Anne Askew, and from that it appears ths martyr fires were usually kin - dled just outside the rates of St. Bartholomew's Priory. Bones marked by fire have been found buried there. In Henry VIiI/s day three poisoners at different times were boiled to death ; one, a cook, put poison in his caul dron ; and in Queen Mary's reign 277 persons suffered by fire in Smithfield. In 1557, Elizabeth bang Queen, matters, however, changed greatly for the better. But enough of these sad memories ; and let us seek for pleossnter recollections of the ubbs of old Smithfield. The first fairs were formed bj ths gathering of worship pers and pilgrims abont sacred places, on the feast days of the saints enshrined within than. Grant of tolls to a fur was then a concession from the Crown of no mean value ; and Prior Rayere, jester atone time to Henry I., and founder of St. Bartholomew's, very knowingly secured those of Bar tlemy Fair to the uses of his church and hospital; for shortly before the demolition of monasteries, St. Bartlemy received abont £300, equivalent to not much less than £3000 nsw-a- days. When Sir Thomas Gresham, the Lord Mayor, with the aldermen and citizens of London, saw how matters were going with the religions houses, they petitioned Henry VIII. for the govemsnce of the three hospitals, St. Mary, St. Thomas, snd St. Bartholomew, for the 'aid of poor and indigent people, and not to the maintesonoe of priests, canons, and monks, carnally living as they of late have done.' The king granted the City's prayer, provided it would find the requisite funds for the support of the hospi - tals : and five hundred marks a year were voted forthwith : . a tax which was, in fact, a poor's rate ; and the hospitals for the Bick have grown and multiplied in the land — thanks, in no nmall degree to tho enlightened liberality of the medical profession. AU goods were sold absolutely at fairs, howevor bad the title to them of the seller, saving only the rights of th® king. This, we suppose was called ' fair dealing.' The resident traders were compelled to close their shops during fair times. For many years fairs continued to be tbo chief resorts of traders, and stewards of country houses made purohases at lairs a hundred miles away from home, as late as the sixteenth century. Ab eveiy fair was called after the saint whese feast-day it celebrated, the one we wish you to visit was called St. Bar tholomew, or in the spirit of abbreviation distinguishing the commonalty of London, ' Bartlemy.' St. Bartholomew was the principal doth fair in England until the time of Elizabeth, and when our broadcloths were sent to Holland to be dyed, the art not being understood in England until introduced by one Brewer, from tho Low Countries, 1667. The first cloth weavers composed of seventy families, came ever frem the Netherlands, on the invitation of Edward III. The clothiers had their stands in the church-yard, and Cloth Fair still marks the site. Fit per sons were appointed by the Merchant Tailors' Company to attend to test the measures to be used by their silver yard. Mercers especially frequented fairs, ana sold gay haber dBsheiy, toys, and even drags and spices ; whilst others dealt largely in silk and velvet, and eschewed the haber dashery traffic. As the frequenters of fsirs were here to-day and gone to morrow, it was necessary that their disputes should find im mediate settlement ; so there was a court regularly called the Court of Pie-Poudre, whioh had to do with fair business only, and gave as summary judgments aB oar County Courts, and probably, liko those, generally feund for the plaintiff. Pie Poudre is corrupted from the French for ' dusty-feet.' The ancient Scotch law-writers called a wandering trader a ' duslifute.' Wben the City obtained a share of the tolls, the fair was proclaimed by the Lord Mayor at the entrance to Cloth Fair. His lordship then called upon the keeper of Newgate, and had a cool tankard of wine, nutmeg, and sugar, and the custom only ceased on ths second mayoralty of Sir Matthew Wood. One Sir Jeha Shorter, maternal grandfather of Horace Walpole, and Lord Mayor in 16%, Tost his life by letting the lia of the tankard flap down with too much torce. His hone started, his lordship was thrown to the ground, and never recovered the tumble. When the hospital of St. Bartlemy was disposed of to the Cily, Sir Richard Bich, Chancellor of the Court of Augmen tation, wss very early in Smithfield. At the time when he was Solicitor General, be gave a turn with his own hini to the rack by which Anno Askew was tortured : es he waa quite at home already in Ruffian's Hall. Rich had an easy conscience, betrayed his friends, and served his sovereign and himself. As Chancellor of the Court of Augmentation, he augmented Ms own income by purchasing Bartlemy Priary end all its belongings for £1061 lis. 3d. The descendants of Lord Rich became Earls of Warwick and Holland ; one of whom, a temperate supporter of the Puritans, waa Parliamentary Admiral, and Cromwell's fast friend, and helped to robe him as Protector. To Warwick's gram! son Robert, Cromwell gave his youngest daughter Frances for a wife. The Bartlemy property then passed to Elizabeth, heiress to Sir Walter Cope of Kensington. She is supposed to have originated Lady Holland's Mob— a riotous assemblage of the showmen snd traders of Bartlemy, some five thousand Btrong, which proclaimed in its own way that the fair was opened. Lady^ Holland's grandson married Charlotte Mid dleton, the daughter of a Welsh baronet. The earl died, and the lady afterwards remarried Mr. 'Spectator' Addison, and for that reason we have told you the pedigree of the Lord of Bartlemy Fair. Charles II. made Killigrew Master of the Bevels, and all ballad-Bingers, mountebanks, prize- players, and the like had to be lioeneed by him. ' Bartholomew fairings' were often times political pamphlets and drolls, sometimes against the Pope, and sometimes against the Puritans, who had cloeed the theatres, but oould not put down Bartlemy. To Bar tlemy Fair we are indebted for the pride and dehghtof eveiy nursery— Bartlemy babies, aa they were called, — dolls as they are now named. 1 he modern origin of the word we are inclined to believe was from an old word of endearment, quoted by Richardson, of ' pretty little poll — doll' — a pretty little Mary Dorothy. Some have supposed that these dar ling images were named Idols, the t having dropped out on the way up the nursery stairs. Every ?»»''» has seen them adorned in a way to juBtify such a supposition. Elkanah Settle— once the feeble rival and antagonist of Dryden, snd who disgraced himself by his animadversions on tbe last speech and confession of Lord William Russel— here at Bartlemy Fair was manager of the pageant of the burning of tbe Pope, and afterwards turned actor in Mrs. Myon's booth at the fair, and played the Dragon in a green caee of kis own invention. Dr. Young alludes to the circumstances in his epistle to Pope: — ' Poor .Elkanah, all other changes past, For bread in Smithfield, dragons hissed at last ; Spit streams of fire to make the butchers gape, And found, his maimers suited to bis shape.' He ultimately obtained admission to the Charterhouse, and died there Feb. 12, 1723-4. Acoording to a writer in ' The Briton,' who thus speaks of bim, ' He was a man of tall stature, red face, short black hair, lived in the City, and had a numerous poetical issue, but shared the misfortune of several other gentlemen— to survive them all.' At Bartlemy Fair also, principally at the George Inn Y aid, Smithfield, Henry Fielding, one of the greatest of the great English prose writers, kept a theatrical booth for nine years. ' The Booth,' paid his hand-bill, ' is very commo dious, and the Inn Yard has all the convenience of ooach room, lights, &c.;, for quality and others, and shall perform this evening at four, and every day during the Fair, begin ning exactly at two aad continuing every hour till eleven at night.' Fielding's connection with Bartlemy Fur con tinued for nearly ten years, and was a great source of income to him. He ceased to be manager whan he joined one of the Inns «f Comt. In ' The Daily Post' of Aug. 30, 1732, we read : ' Yesterday the Prince and Prinoess went to Bar tholomew Fair, and saw Mr. Fielding's celebrated Droll called the ' Earl of Easex,' and the ' Forced Physician,' and were so pleased as to stay to see it twice performed.' Drary Lane and the other westend theatres closed daring the Fair, and some of their best actors played at Bartlemy, tempted thereto by the increased pay of the booth. Amongst others, Dogget, the giver of the ' Coat and Badge,' Cibber, Fat Harper, who, like Stephen Kemble, played Falstsff without stuffing, Yates, and Edward Shuter, ' Who never cared a single pin Whether he left out nonsense or put in,' Mrs. Pritchard, and other names famous in dramatic annals tbe last distinguished manager being Master Richardson. We were once introduced to the celebrated Mr. Richardson, and were presented witha free admission to his ' Theatre, as one of the purfession.' The drama was called the ' Wan dering Outlaw, or the Hour of Betribution, concluding with tbe Death of Onina and the appearance of the Accusing Spirit.' We did not enjoy it very much, as the rain oome through the canvas, ani the principal tragedian and the ghost had the influenza. Richardson claimed to have had under his management the elder Kean, Wallace Barnes, the favourite pantaloon, and other celebrities. He had a fine appreciation of genius, that Muster Richardson, and left a gentleman of the Fair— the original ' Mazeppa' at Astley*s —a handsome legacy, because he was a bould speaker. We will not detain yon longer in Bartlemy Fair, which died of inanition abont 1849, Bfter giving the City authoritieaagreat deal of trouble; but we refer thoce who take an interest in such matters to ' The Memoirs of Bartholomew Fair,' by Xdr. Henry Morley. From gay to grave, from the player's booths to the prison, to which, we dare say, the Fair audits temptations led many in their time. So passingby Snow Hill, once called Snore HiU —remembering that at the Star: then Stud wick the grocer's sign, died that good man, John Bunyan— let os pauBe at the Old Prison of Newgate, originally Chamberlain Gate. It was a prison in the reign of King John, and rebuilt by Sir Richard Wittmgton's executors, and his statue (with the Cat mind) placed in a niche on the wall. (J-T.) It was merely a tower which stretched across the west end of Newgate, yet until Charles Il.'s time it was sufficient prison-room for the City and county. After the Great Fire it was restored by Wren, and burnt by the rioters in 1780, the keys having been thrown into the basin of water is Saint James's Square. The prisoners were formerly crowded together in dark dungeons, and the foul air caused the gaol fever, of which they perished dozens by the day, and on one oocasion sixty persons died from tins pestilence in the Sessions House. Our prisons were very dreadful places in former times; women were packed in Newgate like slaves in tke hoM of a chip, having only eighteen inches of sleeping room, gaining, fighting, singing, dancing, drinking, and dressing up in men's clothes, whilst the males added oard- playing, and gambling of all kinds.* Gamiah, or footing, or chummage, as it was called, was demanded of all prisoners, ' pay or strip' the order of the day, and money or clothcs went to wards the riotous entertainment of the older prisoners, who added something to the garnish. The untried were mixed with the oonvicted, and the young and repentant with the hardened and profligate offenders. Some were lavishly sup plied with luxuries by their friends, others were nearly starved, Having to cook and provide their own food, and the wardsmen derived great profit from supplying the prisoners with various articles. £ome women that Mrs. Fry saw were destitute of clothing and unfit to be seen, and one girl spent ten shillings in beer in one day; We have reformed all this indifferently well, and in some cases run into the other extreme. A late humane governor, Mr. Wontner, lost his life in saving that of May, convicted with Bishop and Williams for burking an Italian boy. Bishop and Williams having con fessed that May was innocent, Mr. Wontner travelled to Windsor and back during the night, wad arrived with the reprieve just before the hour of execution. The exertion brought on an attack of which the exoellent governor died. The gallows used to stsnd on what is now Gonnauxht Terrace, and the Tyburn profession was one of the grim thisgB of the past. It waB John HAward who caused the gallows to be removed from Tyburn to the Old Bailey, and need enough for the change when-ixty persons have been seen on one Sunday in the condemned pew. The names of (he more hardened among the prisoners were often found cut on the wood-work of the pew. The Old Press Yard was the place where prisoners were fbesbed when they refused to plead in order to preserve their property forfeited to the Crown. A horrible cruelty, and it was thought a humane thing to allow friends of the prisoners quickly to pile addi tional weights on the victim to hasten his death. Now, if a prisoner will not plead, wlT record n f». % for him, and try him the eanw as if L U. d.!T ~ ' 10 proas-yard was the last memorial of the old u Etow oould not tell the original of the Pom. ™'nff Seen pertaining to one of the sheriffs of London, it !u i to ba a £9 kept and oontinued tithe out of mind. Itceasei \ I prison in 1804. The Marshalsea and King's Beoci ? aii both veiy old prisons, Ludgate was a free prison, at freemen of the City were imprisoned there for debt, tr*. , passes and contempt. The poor prisoners begged at a grafc. (as they did within our recollection at the Fleet), and hsadC eome Stephen Foster, who'was Lord Mayor in 1454, ivssdd' to have won a rich widow whilst so supplicating charity. The happy pair built a chapel at Ludgate, and made some provision for future destitute inmates— ' So that for lodging and water prisoners here nought pay, As their keepers shall answer all at dreadtutl dooms day.' Among ths City prisons of the past waa the ' Fleet;' it is glad tidings to knowtheir numbers grow less and less with i the advance of time and its teachings. The old prison originally belonged to the See of Canterbury, ana the wardensnip was held by Beveral eminent persons, together with tbe custody of the Palace at Westminster. The rents ef the shops in Westminster Hall belonged to the said warden, and pretty fellows some of them were, guilty of all sorts of crime and cruelty. Edward IVI. and Mary aeut thither many victims of religious bigotry, and Bishop Hooper laid there until eent to the Btake at Gloucester, his bed having been a little pad of straw with a rotten covering. It was the prison of the Star Chamber, in full activity from Elizabeth to Charles I., and many a man distinguished by piety, learning, and patriotism, was shut within those gloomy walls; ' Freeborn' JohnLUbume, and Prynne, the Puritan denouncer of plays among the number. After the abolition of the Star Chamber, the Fleet became a prison for debtors only, and those committed foroontempt, but the wardens continued their extortionate feesaud loading debtors with irons. This state of things continued until Bembridge and Huggins (wardens), and some of their ser vants, were tried for murder, and acquitted. Hogarth has immortalised the principal scoundrels in his ' Trial of Bembridge.' The Fleet was twice burnt— once by Wat Tyler, and again in the riots of 1760. The mob politely sent notioe to the prisoners of their intended coming, ana on being informed that the lateness of the hour wou'd be inconvenient, the rabble postponed their visit until the next day. No such instance of true politeness occurred during either of the French revolutions, (hat I remember. The rules and day rules of the Fleet may be traced to Richard Il.'s time, and gave the prisoners liberty of going abroad, with cettain limits, on the payment of heavy fees, and on the obtaining of good securities. The Fleet and the Queen's Bench were the only prisons in the kingdom having this privilege, and there is a story told of a prisoner having a day rule (as these permissive orders were called) fromtne force of habit determined to spend it in the Fleet. A mm was also said to have eo for gained the confidence of the gate keeper of tbe Fleet as to be allowed to spend, occasionally, an evening at a public-house, opposite the prison ; but on one occasion having overstayed his time by a quarter of an hour he was threatened to be locked out altogether the next time he offended. The poor prisoner was so alarmed at the possibility of sush a catastrophe that he never went out again. This story is true, and what a tale it tells of an utterly hopeless and friendless man. There is one serio-comic association with tha Fleet to which we must refer, the Fleet marriages, and which were held— although illegal— to be valid and indissoluble. These marriages were performed sometimes in the chapel of the prison, and at outers at alehouses and brandy-shops. The parsons were generally inmates of the Fleet and the rules thereof, and necessarily, profligate and vicious, and in no way deterred by the penalty of £100 for solemnizing clandestine marriages. Anyone could he married fbr five or six shillings —Bailors were capital customers. A Captain Saunders, Member of Parliament, stated in the House that he had once given forty of his crew leave to go on shore, and they all returned married. Others of high degree were often buckled together by these clerical blackguards ; in some cases, to procure an antedated certificate, or to conceal the foot of their union; and, occasionally, even their names, as shown by an entry : ' William ? and Sarah ? ; he dressed in a gold waistcoat like ah officer ; she, a beautiful young lady, with two fine diamond rings and a black bigh-crowned hat, and very well dressed.' Some overseers had paupers married at the Float to get rid of settlements — many aa on- ? willing swain consenting rather than go to prison, Tbe first parson who dispensed with banns and licences was Adam Elliott, and the register shows entries of 40,000 marriages in twenty-seven years. This gold-ring digging was put a stop to ; but after some delay, Elliott was allowed to resume his vocation. During his suspension the Fleet marriages began. The books — some 300 large ledgers, and about 1000 mere pocket-books, in which the Fleet parsons made their entries, — were bought by the Government in 1821. 