? [We do not necessarily endorse the opinions ex* pressed by our correspondents.'] (To the Edit-or of the Burrangong Argus.J NOTES FROM MY OBSERVATORY. SIB,—The tit-bit of local news you led off with last week consisted in asking a questional! excellent design of noft-committal. A Scotchman in the exercise of his native caution often, in reply to a question, asks another—an effectual safeguard against a covered trap. In answer to your question I shall adopt the latter plan. You ask " what o'clock is it," and then kindly inform us that there is a telegraph time, a camp time, a bank time and a watchmaker's time, and all these at variance. Of course they are, or why mention them separately P But what or when are those times ? That is my question. No answer P Well, I can explain it to you: Telegraph time is when the messenger hands you an unpaid telegram from Mary Ann, who has gone to Sydney to purchase the wedding fit-out and furnishings at the instance of your cheque. Contents of telegram: " Dear —purchases made—met old sweetheart—reconciliation—married yesterday—forget—ta-ta —bless you." Camp time is specifically mentioned in the body of the summons that has been served upon you when to appear on a charge of keeping an unregistered dog. Bank time is any time you please during office hours on the day that your acceptance to Brown and Robinson becomes due. Watchmaker's time is to go (to the watchmaker) when your watch won't. Better than all these are Jacko's times. Plenty to eat and drink, no tailor required, nothing to do but frisk about, lots of fun, amongst which hunting unregistered strange dogs from the premises, and to sit betimee on the top of my observatory and poke jokes at you. Now that I have given the proper and correct times I hope you are satisfied that a town clock would be a superfluous piece of chronometry. On and after the 1st of January next we may expect a great increase to our population by an iuflux of Chinamen to whom, in accordance with international law, we arc bound to be very polite. 'They have a strong predilection to wedlock amongst those of fairer complexions, nor can you say aught against this, inasmuch as you have the best of authoritv that " marriage is honorable in all-men." To effect a better reciprocity of sentiment you ought to study their language. Some may demur at this on the plea that no such thing exists as a Chinese and English dictionary. This is a mistaken impression which I can at once clear away. It went the round of the Colonial press veiy recently that the wife of the Chinese Interpreter had presented that learned gentleman with a daughter. Now, if that is not a translation of Chinese into English, and a late issue besides, what do you say it is P . I perceive that the dobtrine of transmigration lias feeejt^actically developed in Burrowa in the i^MHAitation of the demnct Times into a TeUgrSgh after undergoing several transforms- . tions. Years have now rolled by since it took its departure from amongst us to share in the victoitudes of travel and exploration in virgin te^>y-a calling seldom attended by that Tgonfierative consideration which a desire to in'strfitt, - coupled with the tear and wear of the constitution consequent upon uncongenial climates, is entitled to receive. It is said that plants indigenous to peculiar soils are difficult sometimes m transplanting into less suitable quarton; and, as the proprietor of the Telegraph has tried the experiment in more than one in* stance, I am almost compelled to infer from the return of—what shall I say—'die prodigal, to its -home in Burrowa that that place of all others tried, is the most congenial to the Telegraph's organisation. A typographical error and other minor oversights in a newspaper are nsoally passed over in a generous spirit. The Yass Courier having taken th'e: initiative the reverse of this, Iam prompted by » feeling of benevolence to warn the Telegraph of that fact, and to Btoer clear, as far as' is compatible with its powers, of subjecting its columns to the Courier's criticisms. From what 1 follows, it will be evident to the Telegraph, the necessity of being watchful of Yass cynicism—an advioe on Jacko's part he hopes to be taken in good part. I should like to" visit Murrnmburrah> where, apparently, the people are of the right jollv sort. In the Burrowa Telegraph, Mr. Dillon, of Murrumburrah, returns thanks to his " humerous visitors and friends for their liberal patronage. Mr. D. is perfectly right. Patrons neither " humerous" nor liberal are not worth mentioning. Mr. McAlister of the same place, and m the same paper, " solicits only one visit for a continuance.' This, to me, is rather a dubious invitation; and, as I propose visiting Murrumhurrah, 1 should like to know Mr. HcAs> meaning and intentions. Whatever novelty comes within our obser- Titian, whether it be a vegetable, an wuaal. or else, we are incited by a laudable 5 to learn its properties. It is usual for the press to delineate these in fall. Mr. Editor, respecting the elephant that was ex- Wbited here the other day, you signally failed in doing this. Certainly you went minutely into its minor qualities, but omitted the most remarkable one. You did not tell us that an elephant can change its sex at pleasure. Bnt it can though 1 We know that the eleptont, when here, was a female. On arrwing^t Burrowft it was a male! at least the Telegraph (an interesting authority on anything clephantic) SBTB so, AND that is conclusive. < Amongst the plagues of the day, is the dog nuisance. Now that sufficient warning has been given, it may be concluded that all dogs not registered are either ownerless or not worth the shilling that would confer upon them free citizenship; the sooner, therefore, they are cur-tailed the better, and otherwise treated as the law directs. But who is to put the law in force ? The police are not the finishers of the law, unless in extreme cases. However, dogs not naturalized, being outlaws, may come within the meaning of the Felon Apprehension Act. Oh that the ghost of Mocrike would arise! If ever the right man was in the right place it was that cute officer during the dog days. He looked the hang-dog business to the letter. The brutes instincl^dy suspected him and fled his presence. J _ . , Next to the dog gnevanoe is another almost as bad—worse in net, on aocount of the law providing no redress,—I refer to the cat nuisance. During daylight it is all right enough. The unmitigated hypocrites will then sit on the hearth- rug, pictures of purring innocence, like so many articled members of the Peace Society. 1 never see a grimalkin rubbing overtures of kindness on your shins and with erect tail—the olive branch of amiability,—but I assimilate the brotes to perfect feline Pecksniffs to a eat. Only let night come, and you retire to rest. The blowing out of your candle is the signal to the cat that has been lying in wait near your window to give the cballange ory which is responded to by the war whoop of some half score pledged veteran intriguers ready and eager for the fray. Then comes the roar and clash of war. Unfortunately, or otherwise, I hive not yet placed myself in that awfully risky position which gives an undrilled band of boys the privilege of performing a serenade on tin kettles for my special behoof. _ I cannot from experience, therefore, to a nicety expatiate upon the feelings of the happy pair so entertained; although a cat war-dance with its musical accompaniments, on an iron-roofed domicile especially, would, I in.'iigine, be an excellent apology to create a like sensation. How beautifully the cat-scene iB described by What's-his-name the poet, (It is quite the thing you know to collar a departed poet and bring him on the board). " At midnight's toll grimalkin sneaks To-wards the scene of riot, With swell-ed tail and puff-ed cheeks, Intent upon disquiet. His jaws and paws with weapons arm'd, To meet the like in others : Boll up! bedad the town's alann'd ! . The sleep of man it bothers." JACKO. 