EXCITING ADVENTURE IN TEXAS. WE select the following from a very readable book, published by Maxwell and Co., Fleet Street, entitled " The Texan Rifle Hunter, or Field Sports on the Prairie, by Captain Flack ("the Ranger"), late of the Texan Rangers." Captain Slack is an Englishman who has spent fifteen years in Texas, following the occupation of a " mighty hunter." His adventures, which are of the most interesting kind, are narrated in a graceful and spirited manner ยก When Texas was a Mexican province it was scarcely inhabited at all by civilised people A stray fort here and there, as at Anahuac and Valesco, was garrisoned by Mexican soldiers and near" them, under the protection of their guns, a few adobe (wattle and daub) houses were built. Two towns, San Antonio do Boxer and San Felipe do Bexar, with the missions of Hofugio and San Patricio (established by some Jesuit priest as early as 1660) wore the principal inland settlements. The rest of Texas was roamed by Indian tribes, who followed the buffalo herds and wild horses, which at that time fed down to the sand-hills on the shores of the Mexican Gulf. In the winter, when their mountain homes on the San Saba ranges were visited with frost and snow, the savage tribe of Comatielio Indians were accustomed to move their lodges and families down towards the sea-coast, where the weather was always like summer, except now and then for a day or two when the north winds prevailed. Two other powerful and warlike tribes, the Lipaus and Apaches, also had their winter hunting-grounds towards the Texan coast. All these Indians claimed Texas for their hunting-ground, and despised the Mexicans, killing them whenever they found them, and appropriating their horses, cattle, and property generally, whenever they came across them. There blame for this violence rests with the early European settlers. In self defence alone is force justifiable, even towards savages. About the year 1820, Stephen F. Austin, an American citizen, obtained a large grant of land from the Mexican Government, on condition that he settled upon it, in a given time, three hundred families from the United States of America the Mexicans knowing well that the country was UBOIOBS to them so long as the Indians wandered over it as they pleased, killing their people and destroying their property and they hoped that the rifles of the Americans would hold in check the savages, so that, in time, their own people might Bottle in the country in safety. in process of time the Americans not only drove back the Indians, but they snatched the country, too, from the Mexicans ยก and in 1836, after the battle of San Jacinto, they were acknowledged to be independent by General Santa Anna, the Mexican Dictator, himself. Although the Indians had been driven back gradually from the settlements, they had made no peace with the white men, and they often attacked any exposed frontier farm, murdering the inmates and burning the buildings ; so that it soon became necessary to keep some troops upon the extreme edge of the inhabited country ' who should watch the Indians in the case of their committing any aggression. -. The troops thus raised were' called Texas' Bangers After the Republic of Texas was an noted to the then United States, the Federal Government stationed some dragoon regiments upon the frontier ; but those the Indians despised and defied j for when, having executed some murdering raid under the very noses of Uncle Sam's Irish and German recruits, these redoubtable warriors undertook to pursue the savages with all the slow and useless parade of regular troops, the Indian chief, after allowing them to approach as close as he deemed advisable, would throw his arms wide up' into the air, and in a braves,") taking the hint would disperse and gallop off like a suddenly scared " plump" of wild fowl, to rendezvous at some well-known retreating the spurs of the mountains. If the trained soldiers were foolish enough to scatter in pursuit, the flying Indians would wheel and pick off their pursuers as opportunity offered I lassoing one here and dragging him to death ; throwing themselves alongside their horses there, and letting slip their arrows from under their goods necks at the soldiers, whilst their own bodies, concealed by their horses, offered no mark to the " regulars." The Texas Rangers managed affairs differently. They were mostly young planters, or young men fond of adventure and a wild life, good riders and good shots, finding their own horses and arms. They volunteered to serve for three or six months, as circumstances might require Mustered into the service, they elected, among themselves their own captains and officers. Although they often had serious encounters with the Indians, they looked upon the life they cried as no very formidable service ; running a buffalo to-day, and an Indian to-morrow, t creeping up to a black-tailed deer, or lassoing a' wild horse, they were always kept in good condition and fit for any emergency by their exertions ; the out-door life they led making them hardy and daring. ,. i , The Indians, too, found them far harder 'nuts to crack" than Uncle Sands'" had bar- gains." It was useless for a "brave" to throw himself alongside his horse for protection for the ranger would throw a bullet from his Colt's revolver through the spine of the Indian's horse, and another through the redskin himself, as soon as he tried to disentangle himself from his fallen Blood. Useless was it, too, for the Indian to whirl his lasso ready for a cast for the lead travelled far faster and farther from the muzzle of the pistol ! and when-though it seldom came to this at close quarters, in a hand-to-hand encounter, the squat, awkward Comanche, who is only active on his horse, found that he was no match for the lithe, active white man, who, armed with his bowie-knife, was accustomed to boast that he could whip his weight in wild cats," and made short work of his red antagonist. Sometimes several of those troops (companies they are called in Texas) would be on the frontier at once ; though occupying stations scores and scores of miles distant from each other. The late Confederate General, Bon M'Culloch, who was killed in Arkansas some time ago, made his first reputation as a leader of one of those companies. Amongst the many captains who obtained notoriety for their bravery and skill in Indian fighting, few were farther known, or better liked than Captain Lewis. Legs" Lewis, as he was familiarly called by his band, was a very tall thin man, standing at least six foot four in his stocking foot and his legs, from his spare ness of make, looked unusually long, and these obtained for him the sobriquet by which he was known far and wide. This length of limb, he, had made him a marked man by his tawny foes ,- and there were few Comanche warriors who had been for any time upon the war-path but bad soon " Legs" urging his horse to lead his company in pursuit of them. " Legs Lewis' Rangers were scouting near the head waters of the Rio San Mavsos, one of of the largest tributaries of the Rio Guadaloupo when the following hard gallop was performed by the captain. For some weeks the hunters, in their daily excursions after game, had come across no trail, or " Injunsign and supposing that the Indians were on the buffalo-grounds, farther to the north-west, or else attacking the Mexicans in tho State of Cohahuila, " Legs " concluded that he might turn the troop over for a few days to his lieutenant, whilst he ran down to Regain, a town on the Guadaloupo river, about fifty miles to the south-west, where he had business. The sun was BOOIO hours high on this October morning before " Logs " had finished trying to his saddle his spare blanket, his tin cup, which served sometimes to dip up water from a stream, or to boil his course in, and a little wallet, which contained an ounce or two of parched coffee pounded in a piece of buckskin, a pinch of salt, a few rod capsicum pods, and some strips of yorked venison-which Spartan farm he intended to serve for his supper and breakfast, hoping to reach Seguin about the middle of the following day. " Logs " Lewis was a hardy, temperate young man, and he paid far more attention to the loading of his revolvers, and their extra cylinders, than to provisioning himself for his journey. His last orders given, and a shake of the hand all round to his comrades, he mounted, and, holding a south-westerly course, struck out across the prairie, hoping to make the Guadaloupo timber before sundown, where he could build his camp- fire and then, skirting the forest, the next day he knew would bring him to Regain. About two hours before sundown, he struck the timber on a small creek which joined the main forest on the Guadaloupo ยก and in turning a point of this wood, that stretched out some little distance into the prairie, he came suddenly upon a war party of Comanchos, about one hundred strong. " Legs" saw that he was discovered the same instant that his eyes fell upon the painted warriors, a score of their black eyes were turned upon him. His peril flashed upon his mind no quicker than did his resolution how it should be met. To retreat was certain to ensure his capture and death for although his charger was a good one, he had ridden him a long distance, and he doubted whether he could escape his pursuers in a fair race across the open prairie for the two hours which yet remained of daylight. If he could only elude the redskins till the sun went down, he had no doubt that, as there was no twilight, he would be able to effect his or cape easily enough when once it became dark. The timber upon the creek was too narrow to offer him any hope of concealment and he saw at once that his only chance depended upon his reaching the great forest on the Guadaloupo ยก once in that, and the sun below the horizon, he was too good a woodsman to care for the yelling Indians in his rear. The Indians, however, were between him and the forest on the Guide house, and to make a detour, to " round them," was hazardous, for he had no doubt the party would divide, so that whilst one division chased him upon the prairie, the other would keep before, to cut him off from his shelter ; he had not had to do with Indians so long without knowing how readily they would divine his intention. All these thoughts, which take time to describe, flashed instantly through the brain of a man who was constantly exposed to danger, and accustomed to rely upon himself for extrication, and he saw in an instant the right thing to do and he did it. Not doubting that more than one of his enemies had recognised him as the leader of a corps of Texan Rangers, who would scarcely be expected to be alone, or far from his men, Legs" coolly turned his horse sideways to the Indians, and waved his hand as though beckoning to his troop to hurry up. After giving two or three quick motions with his hand, he drew and cooked a six-shooter ; then, putting spurs to his horse, charged lull at his enemies, giving, as he came at them his war-cry, which many of them had heard before. The ruse succeeded for between their attention to the desperate man who charged them so fiercely, and the expectation of seeing his troop of buekBkinncd warriors come pouring round the point, the Indians were so surprised that they forgot to unroll their losses, though a few let slip their arrows at him, as he passed through them, discharging his six-shooter as quickly as he could, and with that unerring skill which constant practice gives. Their surprise only lasted for a few seconds but, short as it was, it had been sufficient to enable Lewis to break through his-foes., Seeing that their tall antagonist kept his course for the distant forest and that no band of rangers rounded the point' the savages saw that they had been duped very cleverly, and that they might now, perhaps, capture their hated foe. ' ; No time was lost by the Indians. . As soon as they perceived the truth they stretched out at their horses best speed, yelling their war cry I' How-pow, poo-oo-oo-ah ! ", But this, which would have sadly tried the nerves of any one accustomed to it, had no effect upon LOsS " except to warn him that the savages had found out the trick, and were now in eager pursuit He had gained at least four hundred yards by his rush, and this he hoped to keep from the main body of his pursuers. As to now and then one distancing the rest, and coming pretty close to him, this caused " Logs " no uneasi- ness i for though he had emptied one six shooter in his charge, he had yet the other, and the oxygen cylinders, making, altogether eighteen shots more in defence ; and even the discharged cylinders might be reloaded-for he and all the rangers practised this at full speed he was not pressed too closely. For about the first too miles, he kept-his load of about four hundred yards, after which the Indians began to lessen the distance between them for the stranger's horse, one of the best for speed and endurance upon the frontier, ' had had a long journey, whilst 'the Indians' mustangs were comparatively fresh. Over one prairie-roll after another he urged his horse, and the indistinct blue forest in the distance became each minute better defined, and soon the taller tree- tops and giant branches were cut , out clearly against the glowing sky, made by the sinking sun. Hopes rose high in Lewis' heart as he saw himself drawing so close to the forest; and rage possessed the savages for JW he' should gain its shelter, and with the aid of night escape their vengeance j so they goaded on their horses with their quartz (rawhide whips), and in some instances, the points of their knives, to overtake the fugitive At last, after a hard gallop for nine miles (he rode the distance afterwards to ascertain its length he plunged into the forest, and about the same time the sun went down. Having gained, as he supposed, a safe distance, he dis- mounted, loosened the girth of his saddle, and allowed his horse to recover its wind, and after that to graze a little ; but he never left his hold upon the reasoner relieved his senses Jonathon" Strain. Listening to every sound in the forest, to the dull soughing of the wind through the branches, and especially to the hooting of the owls, for these birds are easily imitated, and their cry is often made use of as a signal by Indian scouts. As soon as his pistols were loaded, and his horse sufficiently rested, Legs" led him carefully to the edge of the forest, pausing often to listen for any sound which might warn or guide him. Once outside the forest, he mounted, and took ME course for Penguin, where he arrived soon after daylight the following morning without any further adventure. FAT MEN AND NERVOUS KENT-The nerves are the objects of systematic enmity and depreciation among mankind at large Fat, however it may excite complaint in the fat person, is not, I believe, an object of amity, except in an omnibus, or in some position where it occupies an unusual portion of the planetary space. Pro photic denunciations against such as no fat in Zion are on record ; none against such as to nervous. Yet the fat man is tolerated, loved, at worst, laughed at while the nervous man is not only laughed at, he is disliked. But is it fat that has been the chief benefactor of the human race ? Was it a fat man that invented printing ? Was it a fat man that discovered the circulation of the blood ? Was George Stephenson fat ? Wore the martyrs fat men? Holiogabalus was, but was Antoninus ? Julius Caesar", though for his own selfish ends he preferred fat man about his person, was he fat himself? Was Hampden a fat man? Was Milton Was Cromwell? Was William III.? No ; it was George III. who was the fat man and he built the pavilion At Brighton. Charles James Fox was fat; but he gambled. Falstaff was fat ; but he was not a respectable character. Hamlet, again, was fat ; but he believed in ghosts, and was a very undecided young man. The fattest man of modern times, is a distinguished undertaker he may make good coffins, but I am not a judge of coffins. On the other hand, is Mr. Tennyson fits Is Mr. John Stuart Mill fat? Is Mr. Browning fat ? Is Mr. Gladstone far No j the nation would not trust its income with a fat man ; it knows better. The only fat financier I ever heard of, was Mr. Hudson, the railway king. Thus, it is with nervous men, that we trust our money, and it is from nervous men that we expect all that makes money worth having. Or if this statement should be too wide, let it be met by contradiction there are plenty of contradictory people in the world and the other side have too long had it all their own way have too long been permitted to treat the nervous as not only miserable in them selves, but the cause of misery in others. Part of this results from the sheer error in classifica- tion. It was with extreme indignation that I once road " Dr. Trotter (of Bath) on the Nervous Temperament a book lent to me by a friend, who supposed me to be, as a nervous man, both wretched and a cause of wretchedness. In Dr. Trotter I found an elaborate discussion of-indigestion ! His idea of a nervous person was, I found, a person who had " the wind j" who had a poor appetite ; who had ignominious symptoms not to be particularised ; who suffered from " borlorrigmi." And his prescriptions were such beggarly elements as calcined magnesia, gentian, exercise, occupation, and " the warm gums." I returned the book with disgust, assuring my friend that, however nervous I might be, I never had " the wind ; know nothing of " borlorrigmi are like a trooper,- walked ten miles a day and had ample " occupation." To this hour I find people who " understand "-ah, how people do " understand things that I am "nervous," suppose what they call " nervousness " is a sort of disease. They recommend rhubarb, or peppermint drops, or more exercise, or polo also. The fact is they do not understand vivacity of sensation. They think it is a complaint, they localise it in the regions under or below the waistband and prescribe to the " nervous just as a penguin or a porpoise might pro- scribe to a darting swallow or a leap- ing salmon. Thus, the " nervous suffer in popular estimation because they are confounded with the dyspeptic, and it may be added, with the hysterical. There is a complaint, or manifestation, of something, which, in the days of Pamela and Joseph Andrews, was known as the progress, of the doldrums, of the vapors ; it was a fine madam s common excuse for not being seen, or for neglect- ing a duty, and it was supposed to be cured by Hungary water," for which the modern succedaneum is red lavender. I found all the symptoms of the "merits" described in Dr. Trotter's book as symptoms of the nervous temperament. In the name of all the nervous I indignantly repel the slander that is just the way of the world it never will discriminate. Let hysterics speak for themselves, we, the real honest "nervous" ladies and gentlemen, do not have " a difficulty in swallowing, and, most distinctly, do not have "Strauss's dance," which is described by the infamous Trotter as part of the ordinary diagnosis of our temperament. -j speak both in sorrow and in anger, but without surprise for have not many of us, comrades in nervousness, been asked : " What makes you so nervous? You should take tonics!" when we were no more "nervous" in that sense than the jubilant shrimp at sunset, of the lark in the happy agitation of his matin song. The truth is, the vulgar phlegmatic do not love to the others lively and brisk. A creature with only a few sides-say two, an inside and an outside is naturally jealous of another with a hundred facets, or is at least puzzled by it. So, a crocodile, which takes fifteen minutes to turn round, might fancy a kitten chasing its own bad man or diseased.-" An Apology for the Nerves, at The Argosy. THERE is a phrenologist down east who can tell the contents of a barrel by examining the head. He makes the examination with a g""' let. 