SKETCHES FROM REAL LIFE. BY OLD BOOMERANG. "OLD BOGIES." NOT long ago, I overheard a mother thus address her little daughter, who had strayed from her side, and with childish curiosity was peeping into an open door- way. "Come hither, Minnie! you little monkey! Do you hear me, Miss? Old daddy Longlegs will catch you in a minute, if you don't mind what I say to you. Here he comes! My goodness! he'll catch you!" The dread of daddy Longlegs had an immediate effect upon Minnie's short legs, and away she ran towards her mother, who seemed much pleased at the manifest alarm of her offspring, and at the success of her own silly expedient. I do not refer to that occurrence on account of its novelty, for unfortunately it is not uncommon to hear mothers call their children names, even less compli- mentary than "little monkeys," and to consign them to powers more terribly real than "daddy Longlegs." I wish to make a few remarks on the folly and danger of exacting obedience from children by operating on their fears; and I would commend my subject to the consideration of mothers, and of nurses in general. I was recently conversing with an intelligent lady friend upon various matters connected with the train- ing of children, when she related the following facts, and gave me permission to make what use I pleased of them. She said that when about eight years of age, she was on a visit at the house of a relative; and during her stay there she shared the bedroom of two adult female cousins. One night she had been rather tardy in disrobing, and her cousins were in bed before her, so the duty of extinguishing the candle devolved upon her. "If you don't make haste and put out the light, Annie," said one of her cousins, "that old Bogy, under the bed, will catch hold of you as you are getting in." My friend said that she put out the light instantly, and sprang into bed with a palpitating heart, and there she lay conjuring up a hideous array of images, which scared away sleep, and filled her mind with horror indescribable. The next morning she was in an un- usually excited state. In the course of the day she went shopping with her cousins, and while in the city she suddenly left them and ran as fast as she could to her home, which was some distance off. When she arrived there, she rushed up to her mother, flung her- self into her arms, and burst into an hysterical fit of weeping. "Next day," my informant remarked, "I was seized with an attack of St. Vitus's dance, which baffled all the remedies of the doctor for several months; indeed, I was subject to periodical returns of the disorder for several years; but by degrees my nerves recovered their tone, and now—thank God—I am as free from dread of old bogies as most Christian ladies are. But I have not forgotten the occurrence, and it has made me very careful to avoid exciting my children in a similar way; and also to be very watch- ful over my nursemaids, for I have good reason to believe that children are sometimes terrified by tenants, as the following tragical incident will prove." "A lady whom I knew very well," resumed my informant, "was one evening at a party at a friend's house, when suddenly she was impressed with an un- accountable idea that some terrible disaster had befallen her child, a little girl about five years of age, whom she had left at home in charge of the nursemaid. The lady hastily departed for her home, and on reach- ing it she ran up-stairs to the nursery, when to her horror, she beheld her darling child lying in its little bed--dead. Its eyes were wide open, and were directed with a ghastly stare to a hideous-looking figure at the foot of the bed, which the lady speedily discovered was a broom, dressed up with a black shawl and other sombre habiliments, to represent an "old bogy." The poor child had actually been frightened to death; and perhaps it was well for her that she was dead, for it is probable, had she lived, that she would have drivelled out her days in hopeless idiocy. That unpardonably cruel trick had been perpetrated by the nursemaid, to make the child lie still, and allow her to go to the servants' hall, and join in the revels, which were there going on in the absence of the mistress of the house." I do not mean to insinuate that such barbarity is often practised by nurse-maids in civilised life. I hope it is a very rare case, and I further hope that if the foregoing fact should be read by persons who have the charge of young children, that it may serve as a warn- ing against the dangerous expedient of quieting them by means of old bogies, tangible or otherwise. Nurses would do well also, to beware how they instil into young minds frightful tales of ghosts and goblins, which many children have an eager desire to hear, or the consequences may be very serious; and if not in many cases so disastrous as in those above related, it may tend to mental imbecility and other evils of a life- long tenacity. An old friend of mine has assured me, that though grey hairs are frosting his brow, he has not forgotten the ghostly legends which were crowded into his mind when he was a child. Even now, he is obliged—when in certain positions—to keep a vigilant check on his imagination, lest it should overpower his reason for a time, and surround him with a host of self-created phantoms, horrible as the figure of death itself. He further told me, that a schoolfellow had once declared to him, that he had accidentally run up against his uncle Bill's leg, as he was crossing a country church- yard one dark night. The leg was sticking up per- pendicularly, with the toes upwards. "That grossly absurd story," added my friend, "had such an effect on my boyish fancy, and created such a dread of straying legs, than rather than even pass that church- yard wall after dark, I have walked two miles round to avoid it." I remember stopping—some years ago—at a com- fortless bush inn, alter a wearisome day's journey on horseback. The weather had been very wet, and the roads very boggy. I reached the inn about two hours after sunset; and a more uninviting reception I never met with in travelling. I was shown into a dreary apartment, and after the lapse of an hour was supplied with a greasy supper. When I had finished my meal, I rang the bell and asked the landlady if she could accommodate me with a newspaper. She replied, that in consequence of the river being flooded, there had been no postal com- munication for several days; but she had last Satur- day's — Mercury. I had read that issue of the paper, so l asked if she could oblige me with a book. She thought she could, and in a short time brought me a tattered volume of "Mrs. Crowe's Night Side of Nature." I sat before the fire and read about goblins and hobgoblins, until a sort of horrible fascination stole ever me; and it was long after the house had been closed, that I was warned to bed by the flicker- ing candle. But the terrors of that night are still vividly before me, when I allow my mind to dwell en them. A short allowance of bedding, a hard bed, an ill-ventilated room, and a supper of fat bacon, are quite enough to mar refreshing slumbers; but my physical discomforts were nothing compared with the mental horrors which gradually crept over me, until they completely got the mastery of my reason, kept sleep from my eyelids, and filled my chamber with imaginary spectres, diabolical enough to scare even Mrs. Crowe herself. I have not seen that lively lady's book since then, nor do I wish too see it again. I certainly cannot recommend it, unless I recommend it \--with all similar books—to be carefully kept out of the reach of children, and dismal-minded adults; as it is very likely to frighten them out of their wits. I would further advise parents, and all persons entrusted with the care of children, to be very cautious what story books they allow them to read, or what stories they allow them to hear; for I have good authority in stating, that many poor children have had their minds shaken to idiocy by ghastly legends, and horrible romances, which only Satan himself could dictate, and hich can serve no better end than to please him. I wish all those persons, who either thoughtlessly or savagely delight in frightening children, could be made as thoroughly ashamed of themselves as my literary friend Grinn was, some time ago. Mr. Grinn was by no means an enemy to children; on the con- trary, he was usually a favourite with them, and few old men studied to please them more than he did, in general. But even literary men are peevish at times, and the event I am about to record, happened on one of those days when Mr. Grinn's brain was rather overtaxed, and he was as indisposed for infantile fun as a giant with a broken jaw. He was on a visit to a friend in a neighbouring colony, and was one morning busily engaged preparing a lecture which he had promised to deliver that evening. His quiet studies were frequently intruded upon by the son of his host, a pretty, merry little fellow, just beginning to chatter; and though at most times Mr. Grinn would have been glad to see him, and have a frolic with him, his private opinion, on that occasion, was that Jamie was a little nuisance. At one time he would open the door to show Mr. Grinn a wooden horse, without head or tail; then he would apply for instruction in spinning his humming top; and soon afterwards he would tease his old friend with a box of puzzles, or a squeaking [?]. At each visit Mr. Grinn received his little tor- mentor as blandly as he could, and used every intimate artifice to induce Jamie to stay outside, but to very little purpose, for at intervals of seven minutes he would return, in full song, and though Mr. Grinn had fastened the door, it did not avail him in the least degree, for Jamie would kick it until it was opened. "Here, Jamie, my dear, run and got some lollies; and don't come in here again, there's a good boy. I am very busy this morning, and can't spare time to play with you," said. Mr. Grinn, with an appealing look at the boy, on his ninth visit. "Here's a penny for you: run away now, there's a man." Jamie took the money and ran away to buy his lollies, and probably ran all the way back too, for he was not gone long, and of course he rushed directly into the room, to share his purchase with his generous friend. "I don't want any lollies, Jamie. Do go away, there's a good boy," groaned Mr. Grinn, who was just finishing a peroration which he expected would pro- duce thunder-claps of applause from the body of the hall, and "hear, hear" from all the sedate gentlemen on the platform. "Go away, Jamie; I think mamma wants you. Go and give her a lolly." Jamie ran away, and Mr. Grinn resumed his work, but in less than five minutes the boy was back again, disarranging the lecturer's papers with his lolly-soiled fingers, and singing "diddle daddle, diddle daddle dum,"' with all his vocal energy. Mr. Grinn's patience forsook him for an instant, and he grew positively savage. Throwing down his pen, and looking straight at the boy, he made a grimace hideous enough to make an old cab-horse bolt, and exclaimed in hissing tones, "If you don't go away this instant, I'll eat you up." "Hoo-o! hoo-o! hoo-o-o!" roared Jamie, as he ran out of the room in terror, while his mother rushed down stairs to meet him, and to learn the cause of his unusual outcry. "Hey, Jamie, my darling! what's the matter?" asked his fond mother, in excited tones. "O mammy, mammy! gent'man going to eat me up," screamed Jamie, while poor Mr. Grinn felt that he would be glad for something to eat him up, just then, and save him the shame of confronting his kind hostess, and confessing his folly in thus frightening her boy; which he really did not intend to do. "No, no, Jamie! Mr. Grinn will not eat you. He is a kind gentleman, and loves nice little boys." "Yes, mammy, he will eat me. Hoo! hoo-o!" roared Jamie. "Nonsense, my sonnie! he won't eat you. Come in with me," said the lady, walking into Mr. Grinn's studio, with Jamie in her arms, his little eyes staring with terror. Mr. Grinn blushed and shivered, as guilty men usually do, while he stammered out an awkward explanation, the effect of which was to incline the lady to the horrible belief that he really had cannibal- ish designs upon her chubby little son. Few modest men have ever felt more abashed than poor old Grinn did, at the look of contemptous surprise which over- spread the handsome features of his hostess. She spoke not a word, but, hugging her trembling boy to her breast, walked out of the room with a calm dignity and closed the door, leaving her guest as miserably chapfallen as a pompous man, who had just been publicly exposed as a hypocritical impostor. His studies were completely upset for that day, and his lecture at night was a failure. While I feel a good deal of sympathy for my unlucky friend, under the peculiar circumstances, I cannot too strongly denounce the practice of frightening children, either by threatening to eat them, or by invoking "Old daddy Longlegs," or any other mystical nobody, to catch them. And though I have a thorough con- tempt for old bogies in general, I think I could countenance a special one, whose office should be to nightly twitch the noses of all disseminators of hideous ghost and goblin stories; the tendency of which is to spoil promising children, to oppress their young brains with pernicious trash, and terrify them into miserable imbeciles. Darlinghurst. 