AUSTRALIAN POETRY. (From the Athenæum, February 17.) Spring Songs, Lyrics, and Australian Melodies. By J. SHERIDAN MOORE. (Sydney: Cole.) Elijah and other Poems. By HENRY KENDALL. (M.S.) As Mr. Moore candidly confesses that he is no poet, and as we quite agree with him, it would be useless to criticise or quote his effusions. But Mr. Kendall, who has before sent us poems, from which we have given extracts in our columns, and who now sends us a bulky MS., accompanied by a very sensible letter, has really legitimate claims to attention, "In my spare hours," he says, "and whenever health and the choking troubles of a really hard life have suffered me, I have written and written on; and the accom- panying verses, alive, as they must be, with a certain intensity of feeling, and naturally shadowed with a remarkable gloom, are the genuine results, or some of them." He adds, that he is very anxious for the ex- istence and recognition of an indigenous native litera- ture, and suggests that we should devote an article to the subject. This we should he prepared to do were the materials at our command sufficient for the pur- pose; but with only Mr. Moore's volume, Mr. Ken- dall's manuscript, and a few poor extracts from the poems of Mr. Charles Harpur, we can form no clear idea of what Australian poetry is or is likely to become. Concerning Mr. Kendall's personal work, however, we can speak hopefully. The manuscript he has sent us contains, among much that is poor and imitative, a certain portion that is very good indeed-- so good, that we believe a careful study of indigenous subjects may lift the writer to a very high place among colonial poets. "Elijah" and "Rizpah," two allegorical poems about America, are such as any- body might have written, and as few people would find it worth their trouble to write--possessing only one noticeable feature, the carefully-chosen use of Scriptural phrases. None of the meditative pieces rise above commonplace; but the two poems on indige- nous subjects are full of strength and vigour. Nothing, indeed can be better than this song:-- SONG OF THE CATTLE-HUNTERS. While the morning light beams on the fern-matted streams, And the water-pools flash in its glow, Down the ridges we fly, with a loud ringing cry-- Down the ridges and gullies we go! And the cattle we hunt they are racing in front, With a roar like the thunder of waves; As the beat and the beat of our swift horses' feet Start the echoes away from their caves! As the beat and the beat Of our swift horses' feet Start the echoes away from their caves! Like a wintery shore that the waters ride o'er, All the lowlands are filling with sound, For swiftly we gain where the herds on the plain, Like a tempest, are tearing the ground! And we'll follow them hard to the rails of the yard, O'er the gulches and mountain-tops grey, Where the beat and the beat of our swift horses' feet Will die with the echoes away! Where the beat and the beat Of our swift horses' feet Will die with the echoes away! Excellent in another way is "Ghost Glen,"--a poem which, once read, must linger on the memory in its weird horror:-- "Shut your ears, stranger, or turn from Ghost Glen now, For the paths are grown over, untrodden by men now-- Shut your ears, stranger!" saith the grey mother, crooning Her sorcery Runic, when sets the half moon in! To-night the North-Easter goes travelling slowly, But it never stoops down to that Hollow unholy-- To-night it rolls loud on the ridges red-litten, But it cannot abide in that Forest sin-smitten! For over the pitfall the moondew is thawing, And, with never a body, two shadows stand sawing! The wraiths of two sawyers (step under and under), Who did a foul murder, and were blackened with thunder! Whenever the storm-wind comes driven and driving, Through the blood-spattered timber you may see the saw striving-- You may see the saw heaving, and falling, and heaving, Whenever the sea-creek is chafing and grieving! And across a burnt body, as black as an adder, Sits the sprite of a sheep-dog!--was ever sight sadder! For as the dry thunder splits louder and faster, This sprite of a sheep-dog howls for his master! "Oh! count your beads deftly," saith the grey mother, crooning Her sorcery Runic, when sets the halfmoon in! And well may she mutter, for the dark hollow laughter You will hear in the sawpits and the bloody logs after! Ay, count your beads deftly, and keep your ways wary, For the sake of the Saviour and sweet Mother Mary! Pray for your peace in these perilous places, And pray for the laying of horrible faces! One starts, with a forehead wrinkled and livid, Aghast at the lightnings, sudden and vivid! One telleth with curses the gold that they drew there (Ah? cross your breast humbly) from him whom they slew there! The stranger who came from the loved--the romantic-- Island that sleeps on the moaning Atlantic; Leaving behind him patient homes yearning For the steps in the distance, never returning;-- Who was left in the Forwst, shrunken, and starkly Burnt by his slayers (so men have said darkly); With the half-crazy sheep-dog, who cowered beside there, And yelled at the silence, and marvelled, and died there! Yea, cross your breast humbly, and hold your breath tightly, Or fly for your life from those shadows unsightly; From the set staring features (cold, and so young too!) And the death on the lips that a mother hath clung to. I tell you, the Bushman is braver than most men, Who even in daylight go through the Ghost Glen! Although in that Hollow, unholy and lonely, He sees the dark saw pits and bloody logs only! If Mr. Kendall continues to exert his faculty as suc- cessfully as he has done in these two pieces, England as well as Australia will gladly recognise his place as a singer. He has both disadvantages and advantages in his distant sphere, but the latter preponderate. He occupies virgin soil, stands in the midst of a society whose characteristics have never yet been mirrored in song; while the English writers are throwing up their pens yearly because they can assimilate nothing new. Let him seek in the great life around him those human forms of humour, pathos and beauty which, touched by the gifted hand, cannot fail to win the hearts of the public; and let him use his local colour- ing, a precious treasure, to illustrate truths which are universal. It is impossible, of course, to say how he would succeed in the profounder labour of dramatic insight, such faculty as he shows in the poems before us being distinctively a lyrical faculty. But that he has gifts, there can be no question; and his communica- tion to us is so modest and sensible, that we are assured he will put these gifts to the best use, leave his imitative efforts behind, and strike out in the path which he is most suited to explore. PYROGALLIC ACID.--A cheap way of making pyro- gallic acid--so useful to photographers, hair dyers, experimental chemists, and others--is said to be as follows:--A certain quantity of gallic acid is put into a brown kettle with two or three times its weight in water. The temperature is raised from 200 to 210 degrees centigrade, and maintained at that point for about half-an-hour, after which the apparatus is allowed to cool. The kettle, which is constructed on Papin's principle, is then opened; it contains a slightly coloured solution of pyrogallic acid. This solution is boiled with lampblack, filtered, evaporated, and left to cool. Pyrogallic acid then crystallizes in the shape of a hard and amber-coloured mass. To get it quite white, it should be distilled. 