? LOST Itf THE DAEK. ^Br Geobge Makville Fenn. ^??'Readings by Starlight' in the H Evening Star.) ^Hv, then,' I says, 'let's have a ^H* and I puts my hands up to my ^Hnd stands quite still and thinks a ^Kt that didn't make no better of it. ^Bt my workaday clothes on, and there ^Hr rule in my little pocket down the ^Kdv trousis. ^?j, that didn't make uo better of it ^K bo I pulls out my watch and ^B to it ticking ; but as to telling the ^Bj it, why, you might just as .well ^Bried to fly. So then I has another ^B but couldn't make nothing of it pKras me, plain enough, and I was pBig up somewhere in the dark, but PBest if I knew where ; while it was PKrk you could almost feel it. Htell, you are a pretty dizzy' I says. HKt Lave you been up to ? Let's see j pient to bed to- night, or last night, or pBrer it was, and you had some gruel pBween the sheets, and then plenty o' pie piled over you, so as to be warm ; pBow you are up and dressed, and PBmg as if you'd got the ager. I tell HBhat it is,' I says, ' It's a rum 'un. pjyou are a standing upright, and you HKdow where you are.' HKd, feeling werry stupid and confused, Hb to feel about me ; aud first thing HK I stoops down, and feels on the ?to see what that was like. ?Sawdust,' I says, «&nd; atone. Lot's HI Where am I? 'Tain't Jenkins's PK because that's got* no bottom — ?Kk, 'taint paved. 'Tain't the cellar ?Be Bull, because that's brick floor. ?Vtthe tap-room, because that's saw ?»ai brick; and 'tain't the kitchen, ??w that's sand and stone. I'm blest ?Kut a rum 'un.' And then I stands ?pod has another think. ?P*t's try the top,' I says, and I ?f3 up as Mgh as I could, and feels ?Ping light and soft, and thensome ?ffirmish, but still soft ?Cobwebs,' I says, 'and toadstools m, Vm blest, BiU Stock, if you ain't a ?P*r- You'd better ha' been in bed.' ? then I has another good think, until ?fay brains in such a knot that I said ?'onldn't think any more, but very ?jty reached out as far as I could ?glit off with my right hand, and then ?» w slide my foot along sideways, for ? « slipping down somewhere] for ?'you re lost in the dark you feel alow ? gropy and cautious, same as I did ?ell, I slides out one foot very care R *?d 'lowly as fer as I could, and m wings the other foot up dose to it ??'gain, and again, and again, and at ? L«ood quite still, and I aaya ?affe another think, my lad.' ?™ i Old try, but bless you, it was of ?^ -wd I stood still, and couldn't I! nothing of it But just then I ?W 1 heard something move, and ?port scared, I hit straight out in KR ? T8tmck something heavy. I 7^P a I 'W robbillg my knuckles, ? QWb dancing about with the pain) Efc tv^-^t out 'Sain and tries to F' the bncks as I hit, but having KttlS ¥* a was lonS eaou^ § aSS *'* m wMch *»*« they IfciSi^? rm Westif I didn't get ?S*** «* &e; bolster andpiUow, I^tbehevebut what I nfustbe l^^thatUwasaUadream. But P«. fa T- f*8 *° everything ex K «°a*- «bwebs, toadstools, §&-'.» W££ I couldn't iniikc notLing of it nohow aud so at last 1 tries ouce more to touch something, and this time I goes off right to the left, feeling my way bit by bit, till at last I touched something cold. ' Iron,' I says, feeling it about a bit and then I says again ' pillar.' Then all at once I recollects my matches, and feels in my flannel jacket pocket, aud brings out the box, but there was only one lucifer and when I tries to strike it if the thin« didn't break short off and fall on the stones' for I couldn't feel any soft sawdust ; and there I stood, muddled again as ever, and getting worse and worse the more I tried to think, I knew of no place with an iron pillar in it, such as I seemed to be in now, and at last I gave it up, and tried right off again to find something else, and then at last I puts my hand upon sometluV and began to feel about. ' Wine bin,' I says. ' Why, I might ha' known by the sawdust and cobwebs. But then, how did I get in a cellar, and whose is it ? ' There I was stuck again, but I begins feeling along to find 'the door, and werry soon puts my hand on something else as rattles. 'Dresser, drawer,' I says, 'aud handle,' and I gives it a pull, but it was quite fast. ' Locked,' I says ; and then I felt another, aud auother, and another, with the handles all a hanging down loose, when all at once I j limped back with a sort of half stream, and stood shaking and trembling, for some thing seemed to flash across my mind; aud then the sweat came oozing out all over me as I stood wiping my hands down the sides of my trousis, as I says shudder ing— 'Coflks!' I was awake now to where I was, and the more I thought about it the more I shivered aud trembled, and wondered how I came there. Those weren't drawer handles as I touched, but coffin handles, and I knew now that I was down in the vaults under the church. 'It won't do,' 1 says, 'it's all gammon; but I'm blest if ever I did have such a precious wide-awake dream as this here afore ; ' aud then I gives myself a pinch and a shake, and rubbed my eyes, aud then felt better, but I couldn't get any more satisfaction ; for there I was, feeling wet with perspiration, and shivering all the time. And then I begins to talk to my self agen ; for when I was a young fellow before I was married, I'd got quite a habit of talking to myself, aud I'd got another rum habit, too, as you'll soon find. ' Now,' I says, ' this must be gammon, so don't stand shaking there like a coward. You coulda't ha' got into the waults, be cause they're allus kept ? ' Then I comes to a full stop, for it came upon me all at once as they'd been open on account of the Squire's son, and I'd seen the low door outside down the steps when I went home to dinner, and saw how slovenly the fellows had taken the stones out and broken 'em, for ever since we'd had a cemetry the door o' the waults had been closed up, and I'd help do it. That accounted for it all, and set me off trembling again, till I says, quite savage like — . . ' What are you feared on ? Yoi're big enough not to mind ghosts now.' But that did no good, for all I wanted to do uow was to get out as soon as I could, which wasn't easy in the thick darkness. However, I begins to feel about again, aud this time I does it with the rule I took outer my pocket, for I didn't want to touch no more coffin handles ; aril so I goes on till I gets to one side again, and then I begins to make along the place, knowing that at last I must come to the door ; aud I thought then the' sooner that was the better. Creeping along, Bhuddering all the while, I goes on, and on, touching shelf after shelf, and now and then something as sounded hollow and rattled, when I shivered more than ever, and wished my self outer the place. On and on again, feeling werry slowly and carefully for the doorway, and keeping thinking as I'd got to it, when my rule sunk right in ever so far in one of the great hollow places, and as soon as I pressed up there was one of the rattling handles up agen my chest, when of course I was back in a moment, for it was werry different being there in the dark to going down with anyone in the daytime, and to me that's bad enough. And so I went on further and further till my rule went right before me again ; and this time I didn't press forward ; but lets my hand go down, but it didn't touch any thing ; so I makes sure as this must be the passage, and, brightening up, I stretches out both hands and steps quickly for ward, trips, and goes down crash on to a heap 'o something rattling, and there I lays, afraid to move, for I was on a pile 'o bones, and Yd got tight hold 'o one, and felt somehow as if I couldn't leave go again. Talk about feeling scared 1 'why, it was worse thau any nightmare, and I couldn't have moved to save my life. Once I did try, and something came rolling down and stopped against my head, as set me think ing about the play- acting chaps as per formed the grave-digging scene at the Assembly Boom. So there I lay for long enough, wanting to get up, but afraid to move, till at last I made a dash of it, and, giving quite a shriek, jumped up and got away, till I was brought up this time by a great utone pillar, as felt all damp and slippery, and then it struck me all at once as I'd got hold of a great bone in my left hand ; when I dashes it down, and jumps again, for it hits a coffin, and sounds all hollow and echoing like. My face was wet, but after what id been touching, I couldn't put my hand to it, and there I could feel the big drop? gathering and trickling down till my skin seemed to itch again ; and yet I conldn t m After a bit I feels better, and feeb my way to the side again, and after a good deal of fumbling about, I began to understand the shape 'o the places a little more, and to find that it was divided like into long streets, with houses-dead-houses, you know-on each side, and now and then a pillar in the middle. Now, of course, I could recollect as the door was '.the side of the church, between the north door and the chancel, but then I couldn't teU wkch of the streets like I was in, nor yet which wwnortb, nor yet which was south ,1 though I felt sure as the streets, a.s I call 'em, run east and west. But I was wrong there, for they didn't ; for if they had the coffins would have laid t'other way ; and, though that's one o1 the things we don't often think about, you'll find as they're always laid east aud west, or ouglit to be. It was werry horrid to wake up there, and much more horrid when you found out what place it was, and jio doubt you'll say it was werry mysterious ; but arter a bit it didn't seem so to me, for I knowed what was the matter, though I'd never bad it so bad afore, and had never done much at it since I was a boy ; but I had sense enough to know now as I'd been walking in tuy sleep, being a bit feverish and outer sorts, and only that I wanted to get outer this horrible place, 1 should ha' been afraid o' being made worse. You know, I wasn't much afraid o' sperrits or anything o' that sort ; but to be there in the dark, knowing what was all crowded round you, and to wake up unexpected, and find it all out, was enough to scare any man ; and for the life o' me I couldn't help fancying as there was light, quiet, white figures crowding arter me every step I took. Now they seemed nearer — now further off ; but thare they always were closing me in, and looking so shadowy and pale, it was dreadful. Every now and then I stood still aud listened, aud then I seemed to hear and see them sweep gently by, just as if they were floating along upon the wind ; aud their loug white clothes seemed to touch me. Then I'd get the better of it again, and call myself a fool, and begin searcluug about for the doorway, when they seemed to disappear ; but so sure as I began to give up and be down-hearted, there they all were again thicker than ever, so that I could almost sec as it were the shape o' the vaults. And since then, when when I've sat aud thought about it, it seemed to me as a chap can work himself up to fancy he sees almost anything he likes ; and that's bow it is we has so many ghosts down in the CQuntry. Howsomever, there I was, shivering and dripping, like a horse in a burning stable, and do what I would, touching nothing but sides of arches aud those horrid things as lay there — hundreds of 'em ; aud I couldn't find no door, nor no 6teps, nor no thing like a way out. Every now aud then there was a sort of archway, but I'd had enough of trying to go through them since I went down upon, the bone heap ; and at last, after going up and down and round no end of times, I feels that weak and and worn and done up that I gets my back up agaiu' a pillar, and squats down to wait and see if there would be any light coma I hadn't been long like tbat when I gave a jump, for I could hear werry faintly the sound of a clock striking, and, as I made it out, it was three, so by that I knew it wouldn't be such a great while before morning and sunshine. But, oh ! how long that next hour seemed now, with the horrors thick upon me — now seeing the white figures go troopiug by, and at times feeling so scared that I thought I couldn't bear it. Wait — wait — wait — expecting to hear that clock strike, and yet not hearing it, but at last feeling sure as it must have struck, and me not heard it But at last it came : four loud strokes quite plain, and I know it must be getting light. And yet it. was all dark here as I stood once more shaking as I leaned up against the pillars, getting worse and worse again with seeing the white figures go trooping along, till one by one they disappeared — all but the last, and that didn't, but lay down on the floor right off in the distance, and then never seemed to move. But I moved farther and farther off, trembling worse than ever, till I was stopped by a wall, when I jumped forward again, and then fetched myself euch a punch in the ribs. 'Why, you donkey,' I says, ' what are you staring at V And, there, if the white figure as I fancied I'd seen lying down wasn't the daylight shining in at the half open door of the vault, and didn't I make the best of my way to it, and call myself again, when I saw as it was low down, and Td p'raps passed my hand over it again in the dark, while I was trying to find a way out But I found my way out fast enough now ; and on getting to where I lodged, there was the door on the latch, just as I must have left it I wasn't long in getting back to bed ; and what with the cold and excitement, I didn't get out of it again for a week. There was a report out afterwards that the body-snatchers had been in the place and pulled the tempory door o' the vault down, after the men had just put it to gether and one way or the other, I thought p'raps I'd as well say nothing about it, for it would do no one any good, and people might think as it wasn't possible for me to have gone out like that in my sleep. But all I know is this, that I went to sleep in my own bed, and woke up uuder the church ; and if anyone doubts the diffi culty of getting out of such a place without a light — without going quite to such lengths, let them try for once being lost in the dark. ? . 