TEAPOTS AND CREAM-JUGS. Strange to say, the teapot is a modern invention. The ebclenta never e&w; the tea plant, nor tasted that delicious beverage which " cheer* but T>t inebriates " Among the remains of ancient Hgypt you will flud plenty of earthen jaw once filled from the .acred Nile; the mighty empire of Aitek list atill ita cinerary urns to ehow; tbe earthenware of Celtic peoples is constantly earning to light; and Etruris, the long vanished home and kingdom of the arts, preserves to this day her vasea of every gbape and unrivalled beauty; but none of the extinct nations possessed that preoioua teapot which every hovel iu England can boast. The case is not the same with the cream-jag. The museum of Gregory XVI. contains numerous vessels which the kCtruB eaue probably used for milk. Virgil tells us of the pails in wbiob the Latien peasants earned their goats' milk to market at day break ; and every reader of tbe Georgics remembers what pains they took to render milk savoury-how tbey fed tbe owes on clover, lotan, and salt berbs, tbat so they might drink more water from the brooks and yield more copious and tasty milk, baring a pleasant smack of salt. Ab to asses' milk, tbe Roman belle* need to bathe in it, as certain Parisians ate said to do in champagne; and we tajy be write sure that those uriio knew the value of milk so wcllhad no lack of elegant and costly jugs in which to serve it. The delight of tea-drinking bad been felt by the Chinese' loug before it became common to tbe (est of mankind. It was not till the 17th century that Pekoe and Souchong visited Europe, and nowhere did tbey find a more hearty welcome than at English fireside*. The Busiians, indeed, get tea in greater perfection than ourselves. With them it fetains tbe ^flavour of which a sea- voyage* dsprivea'it jand being cun . rayed overland through the large lairs of Ladak and Mijni-Novgorod, it taates of tbe leaves of the olea" fragrant, in which Mie Chinese pack it for * jpniney northward. But'there is no country where iu use is ao general as among u. What Belgian and Italian -dames call tea it nothing but its ghost We for the most part make it good, and drink K «£tep. Plenty of tea-tbe water quite bwling-pour it off quickly thatis tbe tm receipt. It most wind up our breakfast* even if coffee Ukea the pre cedence ;H tan|t follow tbe late dinner, and be eerved in every gentlewoman's bou boirfctfiye o'clock. To tbeEngUsbmari it acaroslv oomes amiss at any hour.lt is the student's etimulant, theinvalld's medicine: and to the lone Woman ilk hVr old age it is more tbsn her spinning-wheel «rer was, or ber pat and canty ever can *». « affords " the sin ttttltBaii w s null tea party" an admirable opportunity of display ing bia affectation, and cracking bit feeble . takes. It is the moitaoeialof aU beverages, and tbe already immense coneumptionOllt here ia decidedly on tbe inetefc.' But though the Chinese send us tbeir tea, we aw not indebted to them for our teapots. Indeed they have none properly so-called. They have each a teaoup iur-, nished with a lid, ia which the tea is mado 1 separately. Die, leaf, chopped op very »ntt afanoat in powder, is put into tbe j cap in the quantity required. Then hot water is poured open it, and tbe lid replace#. Vk'beo lt baa stood a little time tbey ctir it j up, and drink it quite hot aud torpid, with- ! out sugar or cream; It ia a very different ttijng from our tea, having a delicious flavour peonlinr to the climate. Thf te cap , be no doubt that tbe extensive use of tbe leaf in this country has given a great id. puis* to the cecamicart. Daring long ages its beauty and perfection lay buried in Etnibcantbmbs. The'luttani fitsfc raised, it {torn the dust in the 14th century, and I^aoa del la Eobbia, nsin£ gW® anil colour ing . with hi* ternnQoMss, produced 4be famous Majorca. Tbe delicate art, then moving northward, forsook the* Tuscan factories, and fixed its bome in tbe little town of Fayeuoe in France. Here and at Nevers, patronised byCatheriuede Medicia, and improved bf Beruwd Paliasy, it au uinedjbigb reputation ; 4tltl itsproductioun «nt *i| known to collectors of old " china" by tbe serpents, Bali, and other creatures, which cover tbelt suifiace in relief. The manufacture of porcelain in China aud Japan had been common from tbe first century of the Christian .era, but it was i nut till 1618 tbat tbe Portuguese imported it into Europe. Factories followed each other in rapidr succession in France and Englaud, but the articles produced cracked easily, and would nut bear atronff best. The first real porcelain was made at Meissen, .j oil tbe Elbe, in 1710, and under the name of Dresden china became known all over the world. Its patron, Augustus IL, Kleotorof Saxony, was commonly called tbe Porcelain King. Tbe true .Dresden teapots . and creaming* Lave particular marks by which tbey may be tested,, aud so have those ? manufactured at tbe Hague, Vienna, and Mayenoe. ? Sometimes tbe mark is a riiisld, at others a wheel, vow an eagle witii the bind foot raised, and now a etork standing on one leg or flying with a frog in hi* beak. The Berlin porcelain, isnka neat after Dresden, but that of gevres surpasses them both. Louis XV., in 1760, there founded the great factory which has since become so eminent; and about tbe same time tbe Worcester Force lain Works started as a company, and Jusiab Wedgewood, tike another Prome theus, brought tbe fire of genius into the p».g/»nlAire potteries, and gave new life to their elay. The beautiful green lanes, the banks and nooks wbsre wild flowers blossutn, were tbe school ia which he first learned bis art. The berries in the hedge* rows, tbe clinging ivy, tbe trailing tendrils of the cuuvolvnlus, the atrawberrj'a load una ecarlet, and Nature's own exquisite commingling of colours, formed bis earliest letsons, lib silent but dally teachers. Forced by pain and disease to abandon the work of tbe thrower, he turned, while still a youth, to the moulder'* board, and there prudueed tbe specimen known as ** Wedge wood'* first teapot." Tbia li'tle work was tbe beginning of a career of oeaaelesa ac tivity. The crippled boy rapidly becamo an eminent artist, a profound chemist in re lation Wihis art, a philosophical thiuker, and a j,real industrial leader. With sell-culture aod on a system eelf-deviseii, he moved on ward irooi one sucoeas to another. He out voted "agate ware" into imitation of per phyry, sold knife-hafts anil snuff-boxes of bin o«a design in this ware ia his eighteenth year, and showed extraordinary accuracy Hnd taste in tbe early Ktrnrian' creamware, whicli was afterwards to attain in bis hands such lightness and perfect linear harmony. Tbe tea-servioe of our day differs widely from that of our ancestors. Whether made of cbinaware or earthenware, it k rnnre shapely and beautiful. The old blue Eastern designs, in which truth was out raged and taste disregarded, have passed away, or linger only on cottage shelves. "Even before Wedgewood began buainesa, though coffee and teaputs were usually coloured blaok, several improvements in crockery bad taken place, especially aa re garded table- plates. Many of them were varied by scalloped or cmbosssed riots, aud coloured so as to resemble tortoise-shell or the veiniugs of ripe melon. The oauit flower and melon wares were the result of oohre and metallic oxides, applied to the biscuit with a sponge, and tbe tortoise-shell ware was produced by a like use of man ganese ore. Small dishes to hold pickles were modelled from natural leaves, and coloured with oxide of copper in various shades of green. The tea equipages con tinued to lie very email, as may be observed in some of Hogarth's pictures and engrav ings All who have preserved their grand mother's tea-things are puzzled to know how that excellent oil laity could have been satisfied with such a thimbleful of tea She mutt have sipped it u though it bad been a liqueur; aud as to Iter uld chins, it is curious enough uo doubt, bat quite un united to present use. Formerly, too, tea equipages made a great show in the lady'a boudoir, and ounsisted at a greater variety of pieces of proeelain than is now thought requisite. Besides tbe usual cups and eauoers, plates and bowl, there was the china teapot with its pretty stead, the aoffee- pot, the tea-eanister, tbe cream j.og, and the spoon-tray. The last was a prim little article, fit only for tbe tiniest of spoons, as might have served Titauia and bet court when sipping dew out uf tbe acorn cups. It would lie evidently presumptuous ia aa to jisouss the relative merits of silver and earthenware teapots. It is our happy part to drink the tea lair bauds set before us, not to make it. We bava beard however from those who are believed to ty; Jinowing in tbe matter,ibat nben. en eaptbenware tea pot u sufficiently strong to jtMd on a bob near thefire.U draw* ok#' all the virtne pi the tea-leaf, and fairisr beats its silver rival. There are certain persons who bare a conscientious preference for agfy thing). They rejoice in equare-toe4 shoes, coal scuttle bonnets, and Whatsoever is most un like tbe lavish beauty of tiature. Witb, .Sacb we shall always be at issue in matters cf taste. Luxury may be excessive in china as in dress, bill 'frightful furniture and slovenly «ttire can benefit «nd please no one. It is snrelyau innocent and elegant enjoyment to adorn tbe tea-table with what charms the eye and enggesta agreeable associations. The translasent white body of the porcelain, with its transparent glase, the exquisite modelling of tbe enamelled flowers, tbe fine colouring, the landscape, the.pictured tales, the Gbrydon and, his pipe, tbe Hebe offering her cap to Jove make nectar and ambrosia of the viands,, aud kindle a smile on tbe /ace of the tea* table that welcome us like a living frieud. We are insensibly put into a good humour by this hospitable display of oeramio art. What beauty edueed from clay-from mete mud formed by tbe wearing down of rocky surfaces in the silent depths of tbeeeadui tng countless ages of eubinergeuee! It enlivens conversation, and helps jo form in us liatiits of taileend refinement. Even a ; creaai-vvaretea put andcreitu- jpg,or afire- j plpce tile witb reliefs in coloured clay, may awaken in, the mind the lore of the beauti ful ; and if the beautiful and tbe good are not always uniteil, we can only say that they ought to be so, for they belong to each other as the blossoms and the fsuit. London Etviiv. 