ARMADALE. BY WILKIE COLLINS. BOOK TUE LAST.-CIIAPTER III. THn ctib was waiting at the gates as Miss Gwilt approached the sanatorium. MIr. Basohwood got out and advanced to meet her. She took his arm and led him aside a few steps, out of the cabman's hearing. "Think what you like of me," she said, keeping her thick black veil down over her face;. but don't speak to me to-night. Drive back to your hotel as if nothing had happened. Meet the tidal train to-morrow as usual; and come to me afterwards at the santatorium. Go without a word, and I shall believe there is one man in the world who really loves me. Stay and ask questions, and I shall bid you good-by at once and for ever!" She pointed to the cab. In a minute more it had left the sanatorium anti was taking Mr. SBashwood back to his hotel. . She opened the iron gate and walked slowly up to the house-door. A shudder ran Sthrough her as sthe rang the bell. She laughed bitterly. "Shivering again !" sihe said to herself. " Who would have thought I had so much feeling left in me?" For once in his life the doctor's face told the truth, when the study door opened te tween ten and eleven at night, -and Miss Gwilt entered the room. "Mercy on me!" he exclaimed, with a look of the blankest bewilderment; "what does this mean?" " It means," she answered, " that I have decided to-night, instead of deciding to morrow. You, who know women so well, ought to know that they act on impulse. I ai here on an impulse. Taklte me or leave me, just as you like." "TTake you or leave you? " repeated tihe doctor, recovering his presence of mind. " My dear lady, what a dreadfid way of putting it! Youir room shall be got ready instantly! Where is your luggage? Will you let me send.'for it? No? You can do without y.ur luggage to-night.? What admirable Tortitude! You will fetch it yourself to morrow? What extraordinary independence! Do take off your bonnet. Do draw in to the 'flre! What can I offer you?" " Offer me the strongest sleeping draught you ever made in your life," she replied. " And leave me alone till the time comes to take it. I shall be your patient in earnest! " she added fiercely, as the doctor attempted to remonstrate. "I shall be the maddest of the mad if you irritate me to-night!" '[be principal of the anatorium becoame gravely and briefly professional in an instant. "Sit down in that dark corner," he said. "Not a soul shall disturb you. In half an hour you will find your rosm reody, and your sleepiog-druaght on the table." " It's been a harder struggle for her than I anticipated," he thought, as he left the room and crossed to the dispensary on the opposite side of the hall. "Good heavens, what business has she with a conscience, after such a life as hers has been !" The dispensary was elaborately fitted up with all the latest improvements in medical furniture. But one of the four walls of the room was unoccupied by shelves, and here the vacant space was filled by a handsome antique cabinet of carved wood, curiously out of har mony, as an object, with the unornamented utilitarian aspect of the place generally. On either side of the cabinet two speaking-tubes were inserted in the wall, communicating with the tipper regions of the house, and labelled respectively, " Resident Dispenser," and "tHead Nurse." Into the second of these tubes the doctor spoke on entering the room. An elderly woman appeared, took her orders for preparing Mrs. Armadale's bed-chamber, curtssyed, and retired. Left alone again in the dispensary, the doctor unlocked the centre compartment of the cabinet, and disclosed a collection of bottles inside, containing the various poisons Used in medicine. After taking out the laudanum wanted for the sleeping-draught, and placing it on the dispensary table, he went back to the cabinet--looked into it for a little while-shook his head doubtfally-and crossed to the open shelves on the opposite side of the room. Here, after more consider ation, he took down one out of the row of large chemical bottles before him, filled with a yellow liquid: placing the bottle on the table, he returned to the cabinet, and opened a side compartment, containing some speci mens of Bohemian glass-work. After mea suring it with his eye, he took from the spedi. mens a handsome purple flask, high and narrow in form, and closed by a glass stopper. This he filled with the yellow liquid, leaving a small quantity only at the bottom of the bottle, and locking up the flask again in the place ) from which he had taken it. The bottle was next restored to its place, after having been filled up with water from the cistern in the dispensary, mixed with certain chemical liquids in small quantities, which restored it (so far as appearances went) to tie condition in which it had been when it was first re moved from the shelf. Having completed these mysterious proceedings, the doctor laughed softly, and went back to his speaking tubes to summon the resident dispenser next. The resident dispenser made his appearance shrouded in the necessary white apron from his waist to his feet. The doctor solemnly wrote a prescription for a composing draught, and handed it to his essistant. "Wanted immediately, Benjamin," ihe said, in a soft and melancholy voice. "A lady. patient-Mrs. Armadale, room number-ons, second-floor. Ah, daet, dear !" groaned the doctor absently ; "on anxious, case, leunjamin -an anxious case." HI opetned the bran now ledger of the establishment, ind letered the case at fail length, witt a brief abstraoc of this prescriptiou. " have you done with the laudanitls P' t it bhke, tnd Iosk the cabinet, ail give su lhe key. Is the draaght rosly ? Label it ' th bo toliit at hod-time,' and give it Ito nseoie.'" While ite slaotr's lits we' isshnig those lit IOlititIpH all dis tect hitalic l iii lus e sctJ+llie his htlgost? tes lthlto' ll, l+Its eli tits] n etitteh If'liliy" +t'ltitcttcot Is itt Jsilts solos f it view lht tdisttilochiisi, ltt cotor li uses's itn ' IWa) lun lit in pen' l, , n ,wllilh ttti un t+ th hi t wdohit utips . I tt' l iiit d i.t'it tihi/tsiltit~rll w'tjslvhn +t/Ip it s sh '~ iitsr/iieJ le Ilip eutI' Jis tiIIJI Ithusln uIIIttI t list st h u Id,'Ot h iJIJllies It Iuistu!I III hu If!tltl gl t I1l,? .I tIn i fJuulll '!tjUii ittu ih' *tM+tl 4 It'+hl~tiltt i~tll4lti Uj AllP tl A!lhtfls moned the man-servant, and gave him the letters, to be delivered by hand the first thing the next morning. "ITthink it will do," said the doctor taking a turn in the dispensary when the servant ihad gone out; "I think it will do." While he was still absorbed in his own reflections, the nurse re-appeared to on nounco that the lady's room was ready; and the doctor thereupon formally returned to the stndy to communicate the information to Miss Gwilt. She had not moved since he left her. She rose from her dark corner when he made his announcement, and, withboit speaking or raising her veil, glided out of the room like a ghost. After a brief interval th nuriise caime down stairs again with a word for her master's pri vate ear. "The lady has ordered me to call her to morrow at seven o'clock, air,"' she said. "She means to fetch her luggage herself, and she wants to have a cab at the door ns soon as she is dressed. What am I to do?" "Do what the lady thlls you," said the doctor. " Shie may he safely trusted to return to the sanatorium." The breakfast hour at the sanatorium was half-past eight o'clock. By that time Miss .Gwilt had settled everything at her lodigings, and had returned with her luggage: in her own possession. The doctor was quite amazed at the promptitude of his patient. "t?Why waste so.much energy?" he asked, when they met at the.hreakfast-table. " Why be in such a hurry, my dear lady, when you had all the morning before you ?" . " Mere ,restlessness ! " she said, briefly. SThe longer I live, the more impatient I get." The doctor, who had noticed before she spoke that her face looked strangely pale and odd that morning, observed when site nn .swered him that her expression-natrallyy mobile in no ordinary degree-remained quite unaltered by thise effort of speaking. There was none nf the usual amnimation on her li's, none of the usual temper in her eyes. He had never seen her so impenetrably and coldly composed as lie saw her now. "She has made up her mind at last," lhe thought. " I may say to her, this morning what I couldn't say to her last night." He prefaced the coming remarks by a warning look at her widow's dress. "Now you have got your Inggage," lie ba gan gravely, "permit me to suggest putting that cop away, and wearing another gown." * Why.?" "Do you remember what yeo told me a day or two since ? " asked the doctor. "You said there was a chance of Mr. Armisdale's dying in my sanatorium ? " " I will say it again, if you like." "A more unlikely chance," pursued the doctor, deaf as ever to all awkward inter ruptions, "it is hardly possible to imagine I But as long as it is a chance at all,it is worth considering. Say then that he dies-dies suddenly and unexpectedly, and makes a coroner's inquest necessary in the house. What is our course in that case? Our course is to preserve the characters to which we have committed ourselves-you as his widow, and I as the witness of your marriage-and, in these characters, to court the fullest inquiry. In the entirely improbable event of his dying just when we want him to die, my idea--I might even say, my resolu tione-is, to admit that we knew of his resurrection from the sea; and to acknow ledge that we instructed Mr. Bashwood to entrap him into this house by means of a false statement ablout Miss Milroy. When the inevitable questions follow, I propo'e to assert that he exhibited symptoms of mental alien ation shortly after your marriage-that his delusion consisted in denying that you were his wife, and in declaring that he was engaged to be married to Miss Milroy-that you were in such terror on this account, when you heard he was alive and coming back, as to be in a state of nervous agitation that required my care-that at your request, and to calm that nervous agitation, I saw him profession ally, and got him quietly into the:house by a humouring of his delusion, perfectly justifiable in such a case-and lastly, that I can certify his brain to have been affected by one of those mysterious disorders, eminently incurable, eminently fatal, in relation to which medictil science is still in the dark. Such a course as this (in the remotely possible event which we are now supposing) would be, in your interests and mine, unquestionably the right course to take-and such a dress as that is, just as cer tainly, under existing circumstances, the wrong dress to wear." "Shall I take it off at once?" she asked, rising from the breakfast-table without a word of remark on what had just been said to her. "Any time before two o'clock to-day will do," said the doctor. She looked at him, with a languid curiosity - nothing more. " Why before two?" she inquired. "Because this is one of my 'visitors' days.' And the visitors' time is from two to four." " What have I to do with your visitors?" "Simply this. I think it important that perfectly respectable and perfectly disinter ested witnesses should see you, in my house, in the character of a lady who has come to consult me." "Your motive seems rather far-fetched. Is it tite only motive you have in the matter?" "My dear, dear lady ! " remonstrated the doctor; "have I any concealments from you? Surely, you ought to know me better than that? " " Yes," she said, with a weary contempt. "It's dull enough of moe not to understnid you hy this time--Send word upstairs when I am wanted," She h'ft him and went hitk to hlaur rooatu. Two o'cluuck caiuee ?ntinli ti uan tutrio of tn lhait' uiteutwerdis tbt vislrtutrt httl aIriounl, ,hert aus tle itotic? Itud itutn, ohluulua tII thu uuituoti'utit lhuluu l ti o epiot u hItters iruil wvlthutu uti dtomu,'o hluvhtuuttuion liud huttuu huuguly uuunuuhtsuuu tuuteut' iuiess lty Im uiuiu h tu'ul uits..+ ii thu ! vltrlhlhue ul iuuut, the t!hnui iene +ru ! Iyit' I n eullhuin wn it!' hw hid ttthtt It M I n lW ltttil , eli ut!Ytu'el++ liutull etty/) 10lyfiiId tdreuf 111 JiI ittuhftlunt Iht, mniP toott if D)e liIv led by 11 1r * a Iolll of teen-old and young, married and single had seized the golden opportunity of a plunge into public lift. Harmoniously united by the two common objects which they had in view -in the first plaes, to look at each other, and in the second placine, to look at the sana torinm-they streamed in neatly-dressed pro cession throiugh the doctor's dreary iron gates, with a thin varnish over them of assumed snperiority to all unladylike excitement, most significant anud most pitiable to see. The proprietor of the sanatoriuim received his visitors in the hall, with Miss Gwilt on his arin. The hungry eyes of every .voman in the company overlooked the dootor as if no sueh person had existed; and, fixing on the strange lady, devoured her from head to foot in an instant: a My first inmate," said the doctor, pre senting Miss Gwilt. "This lady only arrived hlute last night; and she takes the present onportunity '(the only one my morning's engagements hnia allowed me to give her) of going over the "sanatoritim. Allow ,me, ma'am," heo went on, releansiig Miss Gwilt, and giving his airm to the eldest lady among the visitors. " Shattered nerves- domestic anxiety," hlie whispered confidentially. "Sweet woman ! sad case! !" Hi sighed softly, and led the old lady across the hall. The flock of visitors followed Miss Gwilt accompanying them, and walking alone among them, but not ofthem-tha lost of all. "The grounds, ladies and gentlemen," said the doctor, wheeling round and addressing his audience from the foot of the stairs, "are, as you have seen, in a partially anfinished condition. Under any circumstances, I should lay little stress on the grounds, having Ilampstead Heath so near at hand, and ear rinage-exercise and horse-exercise being parts of my system. In a looesser degree it is also necessary for me to ask your indulgence for the basement floor, on which we now stand. The waiting-room and study on that side, and the dispensary on the other (to which I shall presently ask your attention), are completed. But the large drawing-room is still in the decorator's hands. In that room (when the walls atre dr'y-not a moment before) my inmates will assemble for cheerful society. Nothing will be spared that can improve, elevate, and adorn life, at these happy little gatherings. Every evening, for example, there will be music for those who like it." At this point there was a faint stir among the visitors. A mother of a fiamily inter ripted the doctor. She begged to know whether music every evening included Sunday evening; and, if so, what musio was performed ? "Sacred maio, of course, ma'em," said the doctor. "Handel on Sunday evening- nnd Haydn occasionally, when not too cheerful. But, as I was abuot to say, mnsicis not the only entertainment offored to my nervous in mates. Amusing reading, is provided for those who prefer books." There was another stir among.the visitors. Another mother of a family wi.hed to know whether amusing reading meant novels. "Only stch novels as I have selected and perused myself, .in the first instance, ' said the doctor. " Nothing .painful, ma'eml There may he plenty that is painfol in real life; bat for that very reason we don't want it in books. The English novelist who enters my house (no foreign novelist will he admitted) must understand his art as the highly.minded English reader understands it in. our time. He must know that our purer modern taste, our higher modern morality, limit' him to doing exactly two things for us when he writes us a hook. All we want of him is occasionally to make us laugh; and invari ably to make us comfortable." There was a third stir among the visitors caused plainly this time by approval of the sentiments which they had just heard. The doctor, wisely cautions of disturbing the fuivourable impression that he had produced, dropped the subject of the drawing.room, and led the way upstairs. As before, the company followed-and, as before, Miss Owilt walked silently behind them, last of all. One after another, the ladies looked at her with the idea of speaking, and saw something in her face utterly unintelligible to them, which checked the well-meant words on their lips. The prevalent impression was, that the prin cipal of the sanatoriom had been delcoately concealing the truth, and that his first inmate was mad. The doctor led the way-with intervals of breathing-time accorded to the old lady on his arm-straight to the top of the house. Having collected his visitors in the corridor, and having waved his hand indicatively at the numbered doors opening out of ii on either side, he invited the company to look into any or all of.the rooms at their own pleasure. "Numbers one to four, ladies and gentle men," said the doctor, "include the dormi tories of the attendants. Numbers four to eight are rooms intended for the eccommoda tion of the poorer class of patients whom I receive on terms which simply cover my expenditure-nothing more. In tho cases of these poorer persons among my suffering fellow- creatures, personal piety anti the recam mendation of two clergymen are indispensable to admission. Those are the only conditions I make; but those I insist on. Pray observe that ill the rooms are ventilated, and the bed steads all iron; and kindly notice as we descend again to the socond floor, that there is a dooi' shutting off iill communication he tween the second story and the top story, when necessary. The rooms on the second floor, which we laivi now reached, are (with thi exception of my own room) entirely devoted to the reception of lady-inmates uaxperience having convinced et that the grenater s?nsitivouesns of the laetnili cotustliti rion iecresoitiates the higher pesitiet of the sleeping it itriteent, with is view t thi grenter tritiy amd freer ehl'ohlatitt of lha tilt. Ifere lis lhudiae tItl' estalisehd hlietlioltly udter sty oer?', wiilti mity us~ihstttnlt-phyeiclst (wlmt I entrots to rrlve ilt i wilk's thltt) uIokt tfirte' I lt ~ettllutlietm i I i rtth fl u i' eine t t, Oblteervii' tIgai?', tl! l ee tfueretlow l to tlls lutwet, or fIr?t flot'r, it cieoetu doltr, elitletil till sets. Iititlhtithiiu i ht tt lbltt et ti ht Iwit elot"itus |0 IVttvtttltltut hitit liii, tte~lstittt ItllpelelutttIll hI)l~ly ll, A~ltud tIolW hutl sllilt 'l lttti selitrll ltutl tl[tsyiiint ytt i Ile itit titulillllhl ~?!!ll !11 1 ihil'tit l~ iii jIl ! t iltd lltIly ? liy itilul~lrt by i~I'tllu~t ilt~ll iiiittlf 111I I !'111t III fu /iif~ti t 1!1 1 * fl y IIh It~ sjl ltl~ltu~! i IJiiil Mt!ll Mlllll fifblt ItItIf |11 f 111y Hie threw open the doer of a room at one extremity of the corridor, numbered four. " Look in, ladies and gentleman," he said; and if you see anything remarkable, pray mention it." The room was not very large, but it was well lit by one brand window. Comfortably fernished as n .bedroom, it was only remark able among other rooms of the same esort, in one way. It had no fireplace. T'he visitors having noticed this, were informed that the room was warmed in winter by means of hot water; and were then invited back again into the corridor, to make the. discoveries, under professional direction, which they were unable to make for themselves. "A word, ladies and gentlemen," said the doctor; "literally a word on nervous de rangement first. What is the process of treatment when, let us say, mental anxiety has broken yon down, and you npply to your doctor? Hie sees you, hears you, and gives you two prescriptions. One is written on paper and made up at the chemist's. The other is administered by word of mouth at the propitious moment when the fee is ready; and consists in a general recommendation to you to keep your mind easy. That excellent advice given, your doctor leaves you to spare yoursnlf all earthly annoyances by your own unaided efforts, until be calls again. ITHere, my system steps in, and helps you ! When Iesee the necessity of keeping your mind easy, I take the bull by the horns and do it for you. I place you in a sphere of acnotion in which the ten thousand trifles which must, and do, irriette nervous people at home, are expressly considered and provided against. I throw up impregnable moral entrenchments between worry antd you. Find a door' banging in this house, if you can ! Catch a servant in this house rattling the tea things when lie takes away the tray ! Die cover barking dogs, crowing cocks, hammer ing workmen, screeching children baheie--andul I engage to close my sanatorium to-morrbw I Are these nuniances lauglhing matters to nervons people? Ask them ! Can they eneape these nuisances at home ? Ask them ! Will ten minutes' irritation from a 'barhirg dog or ai screeching child;, undo every atom of good done to a nervous sufferer by a month's medieal'treatment? There isn't a competent doctor in England who will venture to deny it! On those plain grounds my system is based. I asert the medical treatment of nervous euffering to be entirely subsidiary to the moral treatment of it. That moral treat ment of it yoea find here. That moral treat mert, sedulously pursued throughout the day, follows the sailbrer into his room at night; and eoothei, helps, and cures him, without his own knowledge-you shall see how." The doctor paused to take breath; and looked, for the first time since the visitors had entered the house, at Miss Gwilt. For the first time, on her side, she stepped forward among the audience, and looked at him in return. After a momentary obstruction in the shabape of a cough, the doctor went on. -'"Say, ladies and gentleman," he proceeded, "that my patient has just come in. His mind is one mass of nervous fancies and caprices, which his friends (with the beet pos sible intentions) have been ignorantly irritating at home. They have been afraid of him, for instance, at night. They have forced him to have somebody to sleep in the room with him, or, theyhave- forbidden him, in case of nec-i dents, to look his door. He comes to me the first night and says, 'mind, I won't have any body in my room ! '-'Certainly not! '-'?I insist on locking my doer.'-' By all means!' In hie goes, and looks his door; and there he is soothed and quieted, predisposed to confi dence, predisposed to sleep, hy having his own way. 'This isall very well,' you may say; ' but suppose something happens, suppose lhe has a fit in the night, what then?' You shall see! Hullo, my young friend!" I cried the doctor, suddenly addressing tie slespy little boy. "Let's have a game. You shall be the poor sick man, and I'll be the good doctor. Go into that room and look the.door. TPhere's a brave boy ! IHlave you looked .it ? Very good. Do you think I can't get at you if I like?. I wait till you're asleep,-I press this little white button, bidden here in the stencilled pattern of thei outer wall-the mor tice of the lock inside falls baock silently against the door-peaost-and I'walk into the room whenever I like. The same plan is pursued with the window, lily capricious patient won't open it at night when he ought. I humour him again. ' Shut it, dear sir, by all means!' As soon as he is asleep I pull the black handle hidden here in the corner of the wall. The window of the room inside noiselessly opens as you see. Say the patient's coprice is the other way-he persists in opening the window when he ought to shut it. Let him! by all menns let him! I pull a second handle when he is snug in his bed, and the window noislessly closes in a moment. Nothing to irritate him, ladies and gentlemen -absolutely nothing to irritate bim I But I havn't done with him yet. Epidemic disease, in spite of all pecautions, may enter this sanatorium, and may render the pirifyihg of the sick-room niecessary. Oi the patient's case may be complicated by other than nervous malady-say, for instance, asthmatie difhiclty of breathing. In the one case, fumigttion is necessary: in the other, edditional oxygen in the air will give relief. The epidemic nervous patient says, ' I won't be smoked under my own nosel' Th'l asthmatic nervous patient gasps with terror at tie idea of a oemiold explosion in lia 'coom. I noiselessly fsunigate one of them; I nois?lassly oxygenize the orher, hy nisses of a simple mappaintus lixned outside in the corner here. It is protected by this wooden ilieasing; it is liInted with ity owei key tid it coat Uillnicates .hy nmsaims of a tithe with hsl iii te'ior of lie roon, Look it it I" With a prellmtihiry glsies lit Mie Gdwll, the iutitor titlulieiud thu 1hl if the welttleti elsitig, inuil dilols els d itlihis n1tishing lioo's ri. il'ih lim I1 lt a hugs Otiii j, , hlutlthg i1 glass fltsel, titin i n ije ulsinil ultlejistlleg ith thui wiill, Itiest'eth hi the stoh wslulh l?asdll hl (Jn ilitih lf i h it ' ith iiiothe' Ill iat utt1t: tahitI llii I hisllt hnlithiile pilu?I1,1st iltisihlvu lilai wi9ltuu 1511 dliitlligted iutve14aan n tiiJl, tiil~lt lnhtiileisu )'i~i ii illanlre wlnlI' ntlisp A hipihn wa lJtiiiin slii si oway it' il ?)'ltlllll W lit Jllits 1,1w iiwiti w iajy ll!l, 1 u i jil~ilw'! ll~ )gltlip Istliti 1wlit'l Vitj' Itiui?', s.# "aipt Ipvpt l iIiw ?j'tt al wljr j Ist il atta Ii I~ Ii illl~lilll imi'Jtillll ll '1 i~ ttI Ii, i pennnry, nladies; the dispensary and the kitchen next ! " Once, morn Miess Gwilt dropped blehind the visitors, and waited alone-looking etend fecily at the room which the doctor had opened, and at the apperatus which the drootor had iunlocked. ,Again, without a word pass ing hetween them, she had understood him. She knew as well as if he had confessed it, tlhat ihe was craftily putting, tihe necessary temptation in her. way before witnesses who could apeak to.the superficially-innocent acts which they. had seen, if anything serious hap pened. The apparatus, originally constructed to serve the purpose of the doctor's medical crotchets, was evidently to be put to some other uise, of which the doctor himself had probably never dreamed till now. And the chances woere that btefore the day was over, that other use would he privately revealed to her at the right moment, in thei presene of the right 'witness. " Armadale will die this time," shie nid to herslif ns she went Alowly downe the, stnirs. "The doctor will kill him by my hands." 'The visitors were in the dispensary when tshe joined them. All the ladies were admir ing the beeautv of the nntiqie cahinet; nnd, as a necessary consequence, all the nladies were desirouns of seeing whet was inside. The doctor-after a preliminary look at Miss Owilt--.good-humouredly shook hise heand. "Nothing but rows of little shabby bottles containing the poisons used in medicine which I keep ,ndei' look and kcey. Come to the kitchen ladies, and lihononr me with your nlad vice on domestic matters below stairs." He glanced again at Miss Gwilt as the comipany crossed the hall, with a look which said pleinly, "wait here." In another quarter.of-an.-hour the doctor had expounded hise viewvs on cookery and diet, and tht visitors (duly fiurnished with pi?o pectitsee) wern talking hleave of him at the door. "Quite an intellectual treat !" they said to each other, as they strameod out ,enin in neatly.dreassed procession through ithe iron gates. " And vwhat ait very supnerior man ! " SThile doctor turned ltack to the dispensary, humming abbently to himself, and failing on tirely' to observe tho&cnrner; of the hall in which Miss Gwiltsfood retired. After an in tant's lhiesitation she followed him. The assistant was in the room when 'slie entered it e-smmoned by his employer the moment before. "Doctor," she enid, coldly and mohlinically, sa if she wasqrepeating a losson; " I am as enarioun s the other ladies aiout that pretty cabinet of yonrs. Now they are all gone, won't you show the inside of it to me?". Iha dootor nlaughed in, his pleasantest "'The old story," lie said. "l? ?e-Beard's looked cliamher and female ctii ioitv " (Don't 'o, Benioioint don tgo.) My dent bduy, wht inetreste.cano yoo possihly Iave in looking at a niedical bbttle, simply beeauise it hap pentsto be a bfittle of poison ? . She repeated .hr lesson for the secondt time. ,i have the intereqt of lookine at it," she said, "anand of thinking if it got into some people's hands, of the.terrible things it might do." The doctor glanced at his assistant with a entimpossionate smile. " Otrious, Denjomin," het said ;" the romanticyview tkehn.of tlteos crugte.of oets by ite ~.tinscientifio mirid. My dear hdy." lhe added, turning ogaio to Miss Gwilt, "if that is the interest you attach to looking at psi sons, you needn't ask me totunlock my cabi nsc-youtneed only look aboutt yon round the shelves of this room. There are all sorts of medical liquids andisubstances in thlose tottles -most innocent, moot nssftl in thtemsolves which, in comhintition with other sibstances and other liquids, become poisons as terrible and as deadly as any that I have in my cabi net under lock and key." She looked at him frt' a moment, 'anid crossed to the opposite side of the room. " Show me' one," she said. Still smiling as good-humoiredly as ever, tie doctor' humoured his nervots patient. He pointed to the bottle from 'whichlt se had privately removed the 'yellow liqtidi on the previous day, and which, he had filled up again with a careftilly-coloureddiinitation, in the shape of a mixture of his own. "Do you see that bottle?" he said; " that plump, round, cotnfortabhl-looking. bottle? Never mind the name of what is. inside it; let is stick to the bottle, and distinguish it, if you like, by giving it a name of our own.. Sup pose we call it 'our stout friend?' Very good. Our stout friend, by himself, is a most harmless and useful medicine. I-e is fieely dispensed, every day to tons of thousands patienits all over.. the civilised world. i-ls has made no.romsntic'apponrances in courts of law; he has excited nohbranthless interest in novels; le has played no terrifying parton tits stage. There ie is, an innocent, inoffensive creature, who troubles nohody with the responsibility of lolking him up! But bring him into contaoct with something else -introduce him to the acquitintance of a certain common mineral substance of .a ut'iversally accessible kindi, broken into fragments; provide yourselfwith (say) six doses of out' stoit friend, and pour those doses consectitively on the friagmentas I have mentioned, it intervals of not less than five minutes. Quantities of little btbbles will rise at every pouring; collect the gta in those btbbles; and convey it into a closed chtmbier -anti let Samson himself be in that closedi chamber, coii stoat friend will kill him in ialf.nn-hour I Will lull him slowly, witlotit his seeing anything, without his smelling nnything, without his feelintg anything but siteiintes, Will kill him, and tell the whos , collegs l turgeons nothing, if they eixnminmlum hliml after deIth? bitt lhat hue diid of spiplexy or cotigettlon 'of the hitgo I Wihat do you thitk of Iiijst, mity hlor' lidly, ii the wiy of Ittystiy lttui r'itl outitie? Is ellt' hlleiltilons stOtet fitetil no littertnuting ow its if hl'e ijoleoud i thu teirlill tlinlitl'r lottie of Ilis ntrsutleo toil I),ti't sitlilsit 111 iuttl??io'geru'clti Iii 1u.tt't titto ut lll i ii l tiuutiiltllq? II diltt Io lput youltill}' telit, ?its liii titjtitil st, 4.ii hitijit itit ?)I Ituu t','' so l le ! ii .uttt', itlutualltlf i Ibd, tisslel'~ oIt wi t hisl !." tyI'1tto Ilt l ii I!llJ~ is (I!11Il sit Jiuutttti'h~lt,i ?,lii' l't !.Ijittht, tli~dltliii' sttolle !e 11 l I sij l tels oilt l hlv !! !teltiel i hi~l' sit hOt, JIM WMM jiJll) Ii it '?tilttul I I I I'. attention which had included him in the eon vePiliott. "Thilet doctor is qoitotright, ma'am," he said,. ddrlessintg Miss Gwilt, with his best bow,'"the production of the gas, extended over half-nn-honr, world bn quite -gratnal enough. And," added the dispenser, silently appeling to his employer to let him exhibit a little chemical knowledge on his own nacount, " the volnmo of the gas would he sufficient iat the end of the time-if I am not mistaken, sir ?-to be fatel to any person entering the room, in less than five minutes." "Unqttestionably, Benjamin," rejoined the doctor. "But I think we have had enough of chemistry for the present," he added, turn ing to M1iss.Gwilt. '' With every desire, my dear lady, to gratify every passing wish you may form, I venture to propose trying n more cheerful edtject. .Suppose we leave theodis pensary before it suggests any more inquiries to that active mind of yours? No? You want to see an experiment? You want to see how the -little bhbbles are maded Well, well I there is no harm in that We will let Mrs. Armadale sco the bubbles," continued the doctor, in the tone of a parent humouring a spoilt child. "Try if you can find at few of those f'agments that we want, Benjamin. I dare say the workmen (slovenly fellowis !) have left something:of the sort about the house or the grounds."- . 'The resident dispenser left the room. As soon as his back twea turned, the docltor hiegan opening and shutting driswers in various tparts of the dispenstary, with. the air of a man who wants something in a hiurry, ani doesntit know. where to find it. "Bless my soul!" exclaimed the doctor, suddenly stoppitig at the drawe' from which he had tnliken his cards of. invitation on the previous dt?y, "what's this? A key? A dulilicate key, as I'm ;dive, of my ftmigating apparatus upstairs! 0 denr, deir ! how careless 'I get," Saidl the doctor, turning round libriskly to liss Owilt. " I hadn't the least idea that I possessed this 'econd key. I shiould never have missed it. I do asshre you I should never have missed it if anyhody had taken it itt of tihe draiwer! oHe -ltustled away to the othler end of the room.:without closing the drawer, and with out taking the duplicate kt?' ' ey In silence Miss Gwilt listened till he had done. In silonce sheo glided to tlhe drawer. [n siloence she took the key and hid it in her apron pocket. The dispenser came bacck 'wi ili the frog monts required of him collected in a basin. "Titanic you, Benjamin," said the doctor. "Kindly covoer tho with water while I got the bottle down.' As accidents sometimes happen in the most perfectly reogulated families, so clumsi noes sometimes possesses itself of the most. perfectly-disociplined hands. In the process of its transfor from the shelf to theo doctor, tihe bottle slipped, and fell smashed to pieces on the floor. "Oh, my fingers and thumbs ! " cried the doctor with an air of comic voxation, " what in the world do youi mean by playing mo such a trick asthat? Woll, well, well -it can't be helped. Have we got any more of it, Benjamin ?" ' Not a drop, sir." "Not a drop!" echoed the doctor. . My dear inadam, what excuses can I offer you ? My clumsiness has made our little expori ment impossiblo for to-day. Reominrd- . to order some more to-morrow, Bonjamin-and don't think of troubling yourself to put that meset to rights. I'll send the man hero to mop it all up. Our stout friend is harmless enough now, my dear lady-in combination with a boarded floor and a coming mop !l 'm so sorry; I really am so sorry to have disappointed you.'" With those soothing., words, he offered his arm, and led Miss Gwilt out of the dispensary. "Have you done with me for the pro snt?'"': she asked when they were in the hall. "0 dear, dear.! what a way of putting it," exclaimed the doctor. " Dinnerat six," Ie added witlli his politest emphasis, as she turned from him in disdainful silence, and slowly mounted the stairs to her own room. A clock of the noiseless sort-incapable of offending irritable nerves-was fixed in the wall aboeyo the first-floor landing at the sanatorium. At the moment when the hands pointed to a quarter before six, the silence of the lonely upper regions was softly broken by the rustling of Miss Gwilt's dress. She advanced along the corridor of the first-floor-paused at the covered ap paratus fixed outside the room numbered four-listened for a moment-and then un-; lockled the cover with the duplicate key. The open lid cast a shadow over the in side of the easing. All she saw at first was what she had soon already-thesjar, and the pipe and glass funnel inserted in the cork. She removed the funnel; and, looking about her, observed on the window- sill close by, a wax-tipped wand used for lighting the gas. She took the wand, and, introducing it through the aperture occupied by the fuunel, moved it to and fro in the jar. The faint splash of some liquid, and the grating noise of cortain hard substances which she was stirring about, wore the two sounds that caught her ear. She drew out the wand, and cautiously touched the wet loft on it with the tip of her tongue. Caution was quite needless in this case. The liquid was wator. In putting the funnel back in its place she noticed sounething faintly shining in the obscurely-lit vacant space at the side of the jar. Sthe drew it out, and produced a purple flask. The liquid with which it was filled showed dark through the transparent color ing of the glass; iand, fastened at regular intervals down one side of the flask, woer six thin strips of paper which divided the conctents into six equal parts. T'horo was no dolubt now that the tp peratues had booen Osertly proeprod fet her- the elpplrtnus of which she alone (bosides the doctor') pOniosored the key, She put hidic the linek, ntd ioeltld the covet' of the nbsint. l'o It motentt osite stod lookhilg el it ?tlwit lthe key it hte1' hintn, 0t i stlete list' lest elottr t'l ets hlettk, L)ti it tltildtet f 'l l tti ellt!)tilhOitt t'eeittt'nsr i, f'ip bllF;'l.? b!r. thl?unuly II!)tnhl'a Ifo hnfl' |Mel!! 0|| thn a1ruIl hl l mr, W jlIlli~ 1n1 1' 11111 bille alulte fueltie", let lest' 1 14, iits fttt'1lutse tintt stiutteitre liii' nettl!e tett eel' fIte itet'te'l~o titie tt l it t' h l wietl It'reet liut ltt, I ', ? l't tece itt lir ee It t " i te itit t tut es? I /tq lu fl y , 11 I i ,1t I!luttli'. ?Fltvl'a,! 4Ifi Io tiib| I tIll)t INll 1l' Ihltl? 1t W1I? h o J " i o J l 1)0 0 0 ,1 f 1 1 iº Ills dtL,i 113)1' Ittttll|ll a II 1't1Y$N! Ot 1"titu I'!}|I have beeoon out in the pasange. In that mom1ont, the roomnmbranco inlshed back on her of the husband whom sho had denied to his face. Sihe stopped instantly, and throw her cloak and hmionet from her on the bed. "No!" she snid. "The gulf is dug beo twoeon us-the worst is donoe! " There was a knock at the door. The doc tor's voice outside politely reminded her that it wns six o'clock. She opened the door, and stopped himn on his way downstnairs. " What time is the train due to-night?" she asked in a whisper. "At ten," answered the doctor, in a voice which all the world might hoar and welcome. "What room is Mr. Armadalo to havo when he comes ?" "What room would .you like himt to have ? " "'Nunmbsr four." The doctor kept tip appearances to the very last. " Number four lot it be,". he saiold gra clously. "Provided, of course, that num ber four is unocctupied at the thimo." €€l, , . . -2. € . Tihe evening wore on, and the night came. At a few minutes before tone, Mr. lBash-li wood was again at his post; once more on the watch for the coming of the tidal train. Thie inspector on duty, who know him by sight, and who had personally ascortained that his regular attendance at ilho terminus implied no designs oni the lpurses and port niantonus of the passengers, noticed two now circumstances in connection with MIr. Bash wood that night. In theo first plani, instead of exhibiitng his customnry choeorfulness, lie looked anxious nid depressed. In the second paince, whil he I was watching for the train, ho was to all appearance being waftched in his turn byv at slim, dark, under sized man, who htad leoft his luggago (mareod with the name of l'tidwinter,) at the custom house dopartment the evoening beforo, and who had returned to havo it oxamined about half an hour since. .What Ihad brought Mtidwintor to the torminums? and why was ho, too, waiting for tho.tidal train ? After straying as fur as Heondon during his lonely walk of the provious night, he had taken rofugo at the village inn, and had fallen asleep (from shieor oxhaustion) towards those later hours of the morning which were the hours that his wife's foresight had turned to account. VWhen ihe returned to the lodging, the landlady could only inform him that her tenant had settled overything with ther, and had ileft (for what destination neither she nior her servanit could toll) more than two hours since. Having given some little time to inquiries, the result of which convinced him that the cduo was lost so far, Midwinter had quitted the house, and had pursued his way mechanically to the busier and more central parts of the metropolis. With the light now thrown on his wifo's character, to call at the address she had given him as the ad dress at which her mother lived would be plainly useless. Heo wont on through the streets, resolute to discover her, and trying vainly to see the meonus to his end, till the sense of fatigoue forced itself on him once more. Steoppinug to rest and recruit his strength at the first hotel he came to, a chance dispute between the waiter and a stranger about a lost portmanteau reminded him of his own lugango, left at the terminus, .an inst-any tnnk hit. --a hwok to the oh-_ cumstances under which ho and Mr. Bash wood had mot. In a moment more, the idea ho had beoon vainly solking on his way through the streets flashed on him. In a moment more ihe had determined to try the chance of finding the steward again on the watch for the person whose arrival he had evidently expected by the previous evening's train. Ignorant of the report of Allan's death at sea; uninformed, at the terrible interview with his wife, of the purpose which her assumption of a widow's dress really had in view, Miidwintor's first vague suspicions of her fidelity had now inevitably developed into the conviction that she was false. He could place but one interpretation on her open disavowal of him, and on her taking the name under which he had secretly mar rieod her. Her conduct forced the conclusion on him that she was engaged in some in famous intrigue; and that she had basely secured herself beforehand in the position of all others in which she know it would be most odious and most repellent to him to claim his authority over her. With that conviction he was now watching Mr. Bash wood, firmly persuaded that his wife's hiding-place was known to the vile servant of his wife's vices-and darkly suspecting, as the time wore on, that the unknown man who had wronged him, and the unknown traveller for whose arrival the steward was waiting, was one and the same. The train was late that night, and the carriages were more than usually crowded when they arrived at last. Midwinter be came involved in the confusion on the plat foirme, and in the effoirt to extricate himself ihe lost sight of Mr. Bashwood for thle first timoe. A lapse of some few minutes had passeod before he again discovered the steward talk ing eagerly to a man in a loose shaggy coat, whose back was turned to him. Forgetfitl of all the cautions and restraints which Iho had imposed on himself before the train ap peared, Midwinter instantly advanced on them. Mr. B3ashwood saw his threatoning face as he camo on, and fell back in silence. Tho man in the loose coat turned to look where the steward was looking, and dis closed to Midwintor, in the full light of the station-lamp, Allan's face ! For the moment they both stood spooeech loss, hand in hand, looking at each other. Allan was the first to recover himself. ''Thank God for thie!" he said fervently. '' I don't ask how you came hero-it's enough for me that you have come. Miseor. able neows has mot mi already, Midwintor. Nobody but you oan combfort me, and help me to boer it," ' Hs voice ihltored over those last words, nd he saiod no monre, T'he tone ilt which he hadl cploe rouneed Mlilwhiter to meet tlhe lrnmttllaiue Iseo tlhey woroe, by iipuldlig to the old gr'athl'l hltore'¢ In hlt frelm1d whl,,h haI nae hIel the fotonlt Intll'nt hl' hills , ifo Ilr h orisml his pla'umlni mitt ?ry il' the i lrtl 111111) eIi ' It hdll liJliian on hi, und lgntly tltaitg Allnt 14dlM hd w0''hatttfl blishaI'yhe, l bhIti l i'aI? res1ltwo' lteI sJou:tl hle Jghllciet?1l I 4r Oth 10uiij,? 'r to P?i'? lllllht l1atll? ir in the neighbourhood of London, under medical care. liefore saying a word on his side, Mid winter looked distrustfully behind him. Mr. Bashwood lihad followed them. Mr. Bash wood was watching to seeoo what they did next. S"Wnas he waiting your arrival hero to tell you this about Miss Milroy ?" asked' Mid winoter, looking back again from the steward to Allan. "Yes," said Allan. "IHe haesobeen kindly waiting here, night after night, to mooeet me, and break the noes to me." Midwintor paused once more. The at tempt to reconcile the conclusion hlie had drawn from his wife's conduct with the dis covery that Allan was the mari for whose arrival Mr. Bashwood had beeoon waiting, wai hopeless. The one present chance of discovering a truer solution of the mystery, was to press the steward on the one available point on which lie had laid himself open to attack. He had positively denied on the previous evening that he know anything of Allan's movements, or' that hoe' had any intorestin Allan's return to England. Hav ing detected Mr. ]Bashwood in one lie told to himself, Midwinter instantly suspected him of telling another to Allan. He seized the opportunity of sifting the statement about Miss Milroy on the spot. "Nlow have you become acquainted with this sad news?" hlie inquired, turning sud denly on Mr. Bashwood. "Through the major, of course," said Allan, before the steward could answer. "Who is the doctor who has the care of Miss Milroy ? " persisted Midwintor, still addressing Mr. Bashwood. For the second time the steward made no reply. For the second time Allan answered for him. "He is a man with a foreign name," said Allan. "o H keeps a sanatorium near Hampstead. What did you say the place was called, Mr. Bashwood ? " "Fairweathor Vale, sir," said the steward, answering his employer as a matter of neces sity, but answering very unwillingly. The address of the sanatorium instantly reminded Midwintor that hlie had traced his wife to FPairweather Vale Villas the previous night. Ho began to see light through the darkness, dimly, for the first time. ' The instinct which comes with omorgency, before the slower process of reason can assort itself, brought him at a leap to the conclusion that Mr. Bashwood-who had been certainly act ing under his wife's influence on the previous day-might be acting again under his wifo's influence. He persisted in sifting the stoward's statement, with the conviction growing firmer and firmer in his mind that the statement was a lie, and that his wife was concerned in it. "Is the major in Norfolk?" he asked, "or is he near his daughter in London?" '' In Norfolk," said Mr. Bashwood. Having answered Allan's look of inquiry, instead of Midwintor's spoken. question, in those words, ho hesitated, looked Midwinter in the face for the first time, and added, suddenly, "I object, if you please, to hobe cross-examined, sir. I know what I have told Mr. Armadale, and I know no more." The words, and the voice in which they wore spoken, wore alike at variance with Mr. Bashwood's usual language and Mr. Bashwood's usual tone. There was a sullen depression in his faoe-there was a furtive distrust and dislike in his eyes when they loolked at Midwinter, which Midwinter him self now noticed for the first time. Before he could answer the steward's extraordinary outbroak, Allan interfered. "Don't think me impatient," he said. "But it's getting late; it's a long way to Hampstead. I'm afraid the sanatorium will be shut up." Midwinter started. " You are not going to the sanatorium to-night!" ' he exclaimed. Allan took his friend's hand and wrung it hard. "If you were as fond of her as I am," lhe whispered, "you would taike no rest, you could get no sleep, till you had sooeen the doctor, and heard the hobest and worst hlie had to tell you. Poor dear little soul! who lknows, if she could only see me alive and well- " The tears come into his eyes, and he turned away his head in silence. Midwinterlooked at the steward. "Stand back," he said. "I want to speak to Mr. Armadalo." There was something in his eye which it was not safe to trifle with. Mr. B3ashwood drew back out of hearing, but not out of sight. Midwinter laid his hand fondly on his friend's shoulder. "Allan," he said, "I have reasons- " He stopped. Could the reasons be given before he had fairly realized them himself ; at that time, too, and under those circum stances? Impossible ! "I have reasons," he resumed, "for advising you not to be lieve too readily what Mr. Bashwood may say. Don't tell him this, .but take the warning." Allan looked at his friend in astonish ment. "It was you who always liked Mr. Bashwood!" he exclaimed. "It was you who trusted him, when hlie first came to the great house! " "Perhaps I was wrong, Allan, and per Ihaps you were right. Will you wait till we can telegraph to Major Milroy and get his answer? Will you only wait over the night?" "I shall go mad if I wait over the night," said Allan. "You have made me more anxious than I was before. If I am not to speak about it to Bashwood, I must and will go to the sanatorium, and find out whether she is or is not there, from the doctor him self." Midwinter saw it was useless. In Allan's interest there was only one other course left to take. "Will you let me go with you?" hlie asked. Allan's fleo brightened for the first time. "You dear, good follow !" hlie oxclaimed. "It was the very thing I was going to bog of you myself," Mlidwinter beckoned to the steward. " r, ArniiiadalO is going to the sanalorium," hlie 1 t1i, " andt I. usoani to 0iecopitany hihn, (lJot a t a? Md come wilth tns," 11e wanited to sea whether Mr, lahshwoel wtolid timtply. 1 vilng boen strirtlyordtred, whoel Allan did irrive, nliet to lo sight of hiu, alnd having, i his te n Interests, ll Mid. wi ttir's islun i ntltld n tpptlohurn to I x itIItllii It l lne (l will, thit eltwaid had t nt u listi o hilt I1 muIm ly, his etillissi ssuhsJileehltn }t 1hlt 1111h11 1m1 11 ,,1 ll,, 'Ilseh i i' t ihov tutull's ligIIs$?l¢' w1"1)', ?l?,1cu1 1, IIl'' I"'t";igtl Irvu€+ll.'; Nurlvunlt wh'uuºll hlo JuIJl Irr11 hl will! i11111 will i11' l Ilttl wisht tii clrs t clt l Is wait hi i Ill teelsr'l ulasrt e it ille tliiellttlstt1ll+ hltI'i! itle +Itl more the cab was on its way out of the b statoion-with Midwinter and Allan inside, I and with Mr. Bashwood by the driver on tho box. (To be coetioued.) 