THE ART OF PRINTING. by bayard tayror — a printer. Perhaps there is no depatraent of enter prise whoso details are leas understood by in telligent pecp'o than the " art preservative " — tho achievement of types. Jsivcry day, their Iuq icng, they are accus tomed to read tho newspaper; to find fault' with its statements, its arrangement, Its. looks; to plume themselves upon the discovery of come roguish and acrobatic type that goto into a frolic, and stands upon its head ; or of some waste letter or two in it; hut th 8 pro cess by which the newspaper is made, of the myriads of motions, ana thousands of pieces necessary to ite composition, they koow little and think less. They.- imagine tbsy discourse erf wonder, indeed, when they cpeak of the tho fair whito carpet, woven for thought to 'walk on— of the rags that fluttered upon the back of the beggar yesterday. But there is something more wonderful still. When we look sb the hundred and fifty two little boxes, somewhat shaded with tho touch of the finera, that compose tbc printers' " case "—noiseless, except Iba click ing of the types, as one Ly one they take .their places in the growing line— wo think we have found the marvel of the art. Wo think how many fancies in fragments there are in tUo boxes, how many atoms of poetry and excellence the printer can make here and there, if he only had a little chart to work— how many facts in a email " handful " ' how much truth in chaos. Now he picks np tho scattered elements, until ho holds in his hand a stanza of "Gray's Elegy," or a monody upon Grimes "all but toned up before," and now " Paradise Lost ;" bo arrays a bride in " email caps," and a sonnet in '5 nonpareil be announces that the languishing " live," in one sentcncc-- transposes the words, and deplores, tho days that ore few and " evil, ".in the next. A poor jest tricks its way slowly Into the printer's band like a clock just running down, and a strain of eloquence marches into line letter by letter. We fancy we can tell the difference by the bearing of the ear, but per haps not. The types that told a wedding yesterday announce a burial to-morrow — perhaps tbo self-samo letters. , They aro tho elements to niake a world of —these types are a world with something in it as beautiful as spring, as rich as summer, and as grand as autumn flowers that frost cannot wilt— fruit that shall \ripen - for all time. . ' ' The newspaper has become the log-book of the age ; it tells at what rate the world i9 runnine : wo cannot find our reckoning with- out it. True, tho grocer may bundle hp a pound of. candles in our last' expressed thoughts, but it is only coming to base uses, and that is done times innumerable. We console ourselves by thinking that one can make of that , iiowspoper what Lq cannot, make of living oaks— a bridge for tunc ; that ho can fling it over tho chasm of the doad years, and walk safely back upon the shadowy sea into the fair Past. The singer shall not cod his song, nor tho true soul bo eloquent no more. The realm of tho press Sb cnobauted ground. Sometimes tho editor has tba happiness of know ing that bo has defended tbo right, exposed the wrong, protected the weak ; that be had given utterance to a sentiment that had cheered somebody's solitary hour, made some body happier, kindled a smile upon a sad foco, or hope in a heavy heart. He may meet with that sentiment many years after it may have Tost all charm of its paternity, but he feels affection for it. So welcomes it as a long absent cb:H; He reads it as if for the first time, and wonders ^in deed, he wrote it, for he has changed riuce then. Perhaps he could not gWe utterance to the sentiment now — jeriiaps he would not If he could. It seems like tho voice of his former self- calling to its parents, and there is a comething mournful in its tone. He begins to think— bo remembers why he wrote it, wnero were bis readers then, and whither they have gone —what ho was then, and How much he has changed. So he muses, until he finds him self wondering if that thought of his will con tinue to float after he is dead,and whether he is really looking on somothing that will survive him. And then comes tho sweet conscious ness that tbero is nothing in the sentence that he could wish unwritten— that it is a better part of him — a shred from the garment of im mortality he shall leave behind him when he joins the " innumerable caravan," and takes bts place in the silent halls of death.—' rnila- dolphia Printers Circular.1 . American Railway Cars.— Pullman's sleeping car, tho Omaha, now being used in America, is seventy feet long, runs on sixteen wheels, and on .the inside is ten feet wide and ten feet high, affording cool , comfortable, and clean couches for oixty-four persons. In the interior tho woodwork is of ortistically carved block walnut, aud carpeted, tbo seats all covered with velvet, " a cabinet organ t in the centroof tho car, fragrant bouquet flusptradod from the roof, lighted by night from" six large lamps, and by day through damask-ourtaincd windows ; it certainly has more the appearance of an elegantly furnished parlour than the in terior of a railroad car." Tho proprietors this stylo of sleeping cars are now building twenty more of them, at a cost of 20,000 dollars. In soraQ English town— tho exact -locality of which tho report does not state— a company of Spiritualists met one ovening to hold com munications with unseen worlds. A gentle man was ashed if ho should liko to call a spirit. "I should," the jentleman replied. "Y/hose?" asked the medium. "Lindley Murray's." Lindley Mnrray'a ghost appeared orcct right through the table. The gontlc- min shuddered. All trembled. Tho medium was visibly affected. " Aro you tho spirit of I.indlcy Murray?" asked the gentleman, astonished at his own courage in addressing a visitant of tho other :world. " 1 os, I aro . boldly responded Lindley Murray 6 ghost. Poor Lindley Murray I Cakes.— " You liko plenty of nice things, don't vou, Johnny ? How many enkes did you navo nt the pastry-cook's yesterday ' 14 Five : first a sponge-cake, then an almond-cake, then a currant- cakc, then a sweot-cakc, and then a storoa-cake. Rkvexok. \Vo remember of a vengeful indi vidual, who, in the exuberance of his. rage at some one who offended him, said, "111 haverevengO ! I'll do something terriblo! ByJovo! lllgivms Utile hoy a tin horn."" 