jletet M e / T H E S L E E P - W A L K E R ; ii OH, -!• fcADY IHBBEBft'S ffBlaM, CHAPTER XXYI. JIT MRS. GORDON SMYTHIES, Author of "Our Maty,"" Tho Woman iu Black;" etc. eta. I had ^ flower within my garden growing j I nourished it with fond and anxious care, Rich-in each gem of nature,4ihd bestowing " • Of tints unrivalled, and of fragrance rare. : One summer ove there came unto my dwelling One who had rifled many a flower before ; Ho Baw my bud in innocenco excelling, He smiled upon her, mid she bloomed no more, POOR Amabel Blake's sad story of sin and shame was soon known to every one 'in the village, and Lord Rosemount, in order to; injure his son in Jessica's opinion, and to destroy her affection for him, contrived as delicately as he could to lot her know^that he-bad good reasons for believing that Amabel Blake owed her ruin to his SOD Lord Dartmoor. ' Perfectly unscrupulous and unprincipled, he stopped at nothing to convince Jcssica of Dartmoor's heartless profligacy and coldblooded villainy. j- 51 First love is very credulous, jealous,- 'and susceptible; but still Jessica would not, could not, believe that Dartmoor could be so false, so base. Lord Rosemount bound her to secrecy, and then laid before her lyhat would have been conclusive evidence, hut that it was forged. His object was gained.:.. Jessica was almost heart- broken; but Bhe was convinced, and 6he was resolved not only to withdraw all favor from Dartmoor, but, iu accordance with her solemn promise, or rather vow, never to give him the slightest hint of her reason for doing so. However, the arch plotter had resolved not to allow his 6on an opportunity of attempting to extort from Jessica the reason of her altered conduct. Professing firmly to believe that poor Amabel Blake was really tho victim of Lord Dartmoor's wickedness, and pretending to wax warm in her cause in particular, and that of defenceless woman in general, Lord Rosemount had sent for his son into his study on the evening of the day of Amabel Blake's flight from her cottage home. In spite of all the young nobleman could say, he had persisted in accusing him of the poor girl's ruin, and at last, on Lord Dartmoor's swearing that he would "not tamely submit to an accusation so false and so injurious, Lord Rosemount had flown into ono of his violent and almost insane -{Missions, and going up to his son, had knocked him down. Lord Dartmoor, with too high a sense of duty to dream of returning a blow from his father, and no match for that furious and powerful man, even if ho had not been restrained byihis sense of right, had slowly risen, and saying— " My lord, you have long since driven mo from your heart, but now you have driven me from your home. You shall never see me more," left the room and the house. - That was exactly what the cruel, bad father had aimed at. • Poor Dartmoor, his head and brain on fire, had rushed through the park, and wandered on till he came to the village inn—the Rosemount Arms. Here he resolved to rest awhile, and recollecting, with anguish, that he.had not taken leavo of his mother, his sisters, or Jessica, he wrote to Lady Rosemouut, to hie sisters,-and Miss Elton. Those letters • were intercepted, by his father. That to Jessica alone Obtained an answer; tho others never reached their destination, but were returned unopened by Lord Rosemount. . Jessica, under the influence of Lord Rssemount's falsehoods, and her own jealousy and disappointment, said in reply— "Miss Elton is surprised Lord Dartmoor should presnme to address her at all. She requests, as it is the first, so it may be the last time of his taking such" a liberty. Miss Elton has nothing whatever to do with Lord Dartmoor's differences with his father; but as Lord Rosemount has always seemed to her to be one of the kindest and best of fathers, she feels no doubt that if he has driven Lord Dartmoor from his home, he has had only too good reason for doing so." "What became of the unfortunate Lord Dartmoorafter the receipt of this heart blighting, hope- blasting letter, none knew. It was long before his mother and sisters learnt how and why jhg. had left thorn. Lord Rosemomfr"wrtrlV'e3 that Jessica should return at onpe io. Oak Park. Indeed, he pretendod to liave heard that Tier father was very .ill, and he himself drove her back in his phaeton. - Old Elton was always ill, and as Lord Rosemount strongly advisod that he should go at ouce to Cheltenham, and offered to accompany him thither, the trio set off the next day, Miss Elton trying to hido a very sore heart under forccd smiles. Old Elton was delighted, because Rosemount was of the party, and his lordship was all amiability and high spirits at the success of his manoeuvres. CHAPTER XXVIL Ah, who shall sec the day When the cloud shall pnss away, ATliich that dork hour loft Upon Amabel's framo. IT was three years after the events we have alluded to thus retrospectively in our last chapter, and when poor old Widow Blako, Amabel's grandmollior, having died in the union, and been buried by tho parish, lay' in a pauper's grave, that a little boy, fishing by stealth, fell into the dark poudat the farthest extremity of (he Priory woods. The pond was surrounded by dark fir-trees, and was in such a remote, weird, and gioomy spot, that few people liked to approach it alone by day, while in the evening, according to popular superstition, it was haunted by the ghosts of two unhappy lovers of the last century, mem. bors of the Taunton family, and first cousios, who wore said to have drowned themselves there. The little boy who foil into " the Lovers' Death-pond," as this, pool was called, was a during young fellow of twelve, and ho had told one of his comrades lie was roaolved to try after some of the carp and trout there. AVhcn lie wasmiBsod, his distracted father, tho Earl of Roscuiouut's steward, had tho Lovers' Doalh-pond dragged, and, strange to say, before the boy's body was found, the remains of a ivomau, or rather her skeleton kept together by her clothes, were hookod up. The.-:wat@gfats and pond, insects had eaten all the flesh from her face and body :' but the long dark-brown hair, for which she bad.,beea celebrated, was still there, and though the lipB were gone, the two beautiful little rowB of^white pearly teeth seemed to grin in ghastly recognition of those once familiar faoeB, and sent a' shudder through every heart. There was also enough left of her bonnet, her shawl, her dress, and her boots for many present?-to identify thd' long-lost ; r Amabel Blake: - There was a cord-with a noose in it, whichseemed to have been around the throat, and the pockets of her dress and mantle were fttll of stones and bullets. Of course it was no uncommon end of a tale of seduction, for the victim to rush out of temporal into eternal misery ; but there was one very suspicious circumstance attending the discovery of Amabel's remains, and whioh made the men shake their heads, and the women exclaim— " Oh, poor Belle, she didn't come fairly to an end that's plaiD! This circumstance was, that both (eet and hands seemed to have been tied together, for there appeared to have been cords round tho skeleton's waist and ankles. They slipped off, of course, when the remains were lifted out of the water, and they had partly rotted away. At the time of this discovery, Lord Rosemount was in the Holy Land, Lady Rosemount and her daughters were on tho Continent, and Lt}rd Dartmoor bad not been heard of for three years. The inquest en the little boy drowned the day before, and on the wretched girl who had been three years at the bottom of that pond, were held together at the Rosemount Arms. The verdict on "the boy's body was, of course, accidental death. The jury were at a great loss what to say in the case of Amabel Blake.' At length they returned a verdict^ " That the deceased, who had long been missing from the neighborhood,"and who was known to have left her grandmother's cottage three years before in great distress of mind, and in a very delicate and distressing situation, had been at length found at the bottom of the pool called the Lovers' Death-pond, having evidently been there for a long period ; but how she got there, there was no evidence to prove. AB Amabel Blake had no relative m the world, the,aflair ended with the burial of her remains by the parish, close to her poor grandmother ; but if, as the villagers still" whisper, Amabel Blake did meet with foul play, there is some one who wilUmeet her-at the Judgment seat, and that will be a more dreadful meeting for him, than it must have been for her, when she saw him stealing upon her by moonlight, murder in his eye, and those now rotten, slimy, duck- weed-covered cords in his hand, in the shade of the dark fir-trees, and in the neighborhood of the Lovers' Deathpond. (_To Is continued.) AHOB. MOORE. 