PRUOTECTION TO TIIE FAIRMERS. (FROM TI(E DAYLErTORD 1SXPiESS.) The following petition has been placed in the hands of Mr. Joseph Parker, secretary of the Glellyon, l'ranklill ford and Dayles lrd Agricultural Society, for signature? among the farmuers of the district. The docu ment is to be presented, on the 18th Decem ber to the Chief Secretary, by the various delegates : " To tile lhonorable the Chief Secretary of the. colony of Victoria,-The humble ple tition of the undersigned Itrmers, agricul turists and others, respectfully showeth, that your memorialists are of opinion that the time has arrived when that protection which is afforded to several of' the producing in terests of the colony might with advantago be extended to the agricultural interest. By ' protection' your memorialisf a do not mean prohibition, but on the contrary, such i duty on imported gratu as will afflrd a re. venue to the State, encourage your memori alists to extend agricultiral operations, and thereby afford increased cmployment to the laboring classes, and for the capital thus ex pended in the colony, whlich would be ad vantageous to all classes of the community, your nmieiorialists would obtain that rnodi caum ofjustice which they respectfully coin tend they are intitled to. Your memorialists would call your attention to thu flct that ninny of them paid large sums to the State for the laud which they now occupy; that the current rate of wages is much higher than the amount that obtains in other coun tries where the land can and las been had for a tithe ofthe amount that it costs here; that, according to the returns of the Regis trar-General made oni the 31st March last, we tindl that only 521,170 acres of land in the colony were under cultivation, whilst no less thea 5,020i,381 acres were held as private property, and 6,728,976 acres of land were under occupation. The produce of wheat crop for that year was ,503,4:13) bushels, andi the average yield per acre 191 bushels, or 101,280 bushels less than was produced in the colony in the year 1801. '_our mcemori alists would further most resp:rctfully. draw your attention to the thrt that ? thie present year, up to thile 30th Junle, thlro were im ported into the colony, of oheatt 605,028 bushels ; of flour, 9325 tons, eqtal to 391,000 bushels; or a total of 1,036,078 bushels of wheat. Your memnorialists humbly conceive that the prosperity of ae ountry *lependsImore upon its products than upon is.ports, as the fobrmer afford employment to the resident popllatiou whilst the latter (;he imports) are exchanged for colonial ealital, which could most profitably be emplo3ed here, in. stead of going into the pocket of the pro ducer in otlher countries. Yiuti memori alists, from these an11d other prenises, there fore Ihmbly pry r that you as ilti head of the A\dministration will impoe? i reasonable duty on11 l)l importations of grain anld dour, and your memorialists," &c.; Some three or four years iiceo it was generally believed that the auriftrous quartz deposits of \Vales could be wtrked to ad vautage. The temporary s?ecss of the Vigra and Clogan mines gave colhr to this opinion. The now mines wee vigorously worked for a time, but it rus soon dlis covered that the quartz did nmt yield sull cient gold to maike its workbig profitable. The qummtity of gold raised in the whole of Wales during the year 1861 retched 2886 occ.; in 1862 5299oc.; in 1863 55.oz. ; in 1804, i 2333oz.; and in 1865 1640oz. The largo do crease here oluown indicates tlat gold mining is on the wan n the wune in the Prineilality, and the miiner that continue to be wormed give little hopo of an increase in the retanus. From a home paper we learn thntMaldame Ilcrtall, the wife of a Parisi.m s'tist, has givers birth to three girls. The ichildren, who arte ill the most perfelct hIalth, seigh to gether rather lumore than 18 pl4iue4ls, and each is as IIearly as possible of 1th Faie wcight. They are co exanctly alike that it would Ihe imiui,,pible to distiunguuiat one from the other were ii not for the pieeautlioil of ilacing a little mn'dal reundl the week ofeaech with its namin. The women of tihe Made. loinoe llowermarkel t went in a body to the lMadhuime hertall's house, in t lo 11ne Boissy l'Anglns, un the day of the bnal sm, to condl gratuhit~o tihe parents, and presmat Ilo'ors to the children. FOREST IN DAMON AND P'ITHIAS.-On of the "dramatic critics" of the metropolis gets off a column or two of vapid inanities under the pretence of making "a notice" of For rest's impersonation of Damon, which, by the universal consent of all competent judges, is one of the finest pieces of acting eser wit nessed on the English or American stage. The critical ignoramus prefaces his tissue of absurdities with an objection to the play itself, on the score of its " improbabilities." He- thinks " no durable reputation can be built up" on the foundation of so impro bable a play. It is absurd to imagine that Damon would really have been such a fool as to come back to save his friend, thinks this astniding critic; and even if he did, what of it? Was it anything moro than any man of honor would have done ? 0, wise and perspicacious critic; 0, most consistent and ponderous ot incredible blockheads ! "Damon and Pythias" is " incredible" forsooth ! That is your insuperable objection to it. But you can digest " IIamlet" (ghost and all); the Tempelst" with Ariel and Caliban, and all Prospero's wondrous doings ; " Midsumn mer Nighi s D)realn;" "R ichard the Third," and the brief decisive wooing of the widowed Anne--you can stomach all these, without so much as a wry ftce on account of their " im probabilities." 0, unspeakable ass; for whom the ears of hilly Bottom would lack due and appropriate longitude l What great poet or dramatist, aiming to embody his ideal, ever yet studied your wretched grovel ling countor-junpii g " probabilitics ?" Sain FrIancisco News Letter. In the Paris Exhibition of 1867 there will be two extensive clhapels, and they will be lighted by 40 apertures, the whole forming a splendlid exhibition ofpainted glass of various styles. Indeed, it will comprise specimens of every ornament and adjunct connected with IRoman Catholic worship. Altars, pul pits, statues, confessionals, sacerdotal cloth ing, organs, mural paintings, stained glass, each of these components requisite to a re ligious edifice, anxd maniiy more, will be here exhibited iu a building calculated to excite adminiration anl increase religious veneration. Tihe protectionists arc constantly declaring that protection miade Great Britain prosper ous. Here i. MClr. lhright's appeal to history on the subject, nmade at the great reform de nmonstration at Mhnrchester, on 24th Sep tenmber:-" But, may I ask you why it is tlhat we are prosperous ? You recollect, many years ago in the year 1841, this coun. try was subject to desolation, and to famine, and it is only since 1846, since tihe abolition of the corn laws, since the general change to a free trade policy, that there has been con tinually growing up that prosperity which is now brought against us, and used as an ar gument why there should be no further re form in Parliament. Suppose you had the corn laws now. What an August we have had, and what a September we are having! Gold would be going out of the country. Thebo rate of interest would be rising, the wages of the people would be falling, the wages of the people would be absorbed in the purchase of dearer food, and generally over the country there would come a state of things which would give the greatest alarm to the thoughtfill in the higher classes, andi the greatest suflfring to the multitudes at the base of our social scale. But why is it ? HIow comes it that we are not in that danger ? How is it that we are not filled with confuision and dismay ? Who was it that destroyed the curse of the corn laws, and who was it that fought desperately to maintain that curse ? Why, surely you know that we, who are accustomed to as seoble in the Free-trade hall, were largely instrumental in destroying, and you know that no mran was more forward inr its sup port than the man who is now Primeo Minis ter of Enrgland. Before Australian sovereigns became a legal tender in Eugland they wore often met with in English circulation, and then no ob ,jlctioun was made to taking them. Since they have poured in in greater numbers, how. over, a good many English tramdesmenu have either refused to takel them, or have been only willing to do so at a discount. The leading English journals iave, therefore, been obliged, in their city articles, to call at lentini to what otne might havo thought was the noto,,riouls fact that English anti Aus. tralian sovereigns now stand exactly on the level. We, the IHerald, understand that the ar bitra:tors in tihe (rse of Young v. thle Board of I.and and W\orks, better known as the Kecw Lunatic Asylum ease, have awarded Mr. Yousrg the suns of £10,S00, in addition to the ;15,000 for material and buildings on Sthe groutdl. This, in addition to the law costs, which will be very heavy--M31r. 2lichie's fee is stated to have been very little less than a year's shalry of the Minister of Justicc--is rather ia heavy sumr for' the country to spay to gratit' Ithle citciets of Mih. Gri hanrl Berry and tIhe ill-.,erlrr of Mr. Coper. As a specimle, of governmet iand legiscilntives i buugling, thie Iow Lun.,tic Asyluml has be came fairous,. B?IluAMY AND [Molr N ? Novr:r,1'rs. Aroiig the signs of thie timres, ist tIre least I rerrmrkablso is thie pirevaiil ig ussimon of writers of fiction olr biginmy. What it por tends we will not urtsdertake to decide ; but thIe fiact is indlisultablo, trhat bi-conjiugal re. itionls, in some sbape or other, torm the ground work ofmaro than haltf the novels ,f I thie sday. The firshion is to bh deprocaterd lfor f many reasons. Novels constitute tho staple 8 mental pabulum of the majority of the lady r readers ; and it is nlot wholly pleasant to re. \- fleet that the pet authors of our wives and a daughters are accustomed to treat the fact s of a man having two wives, or a woman with \- two husbands, at the same time, as a natural ' and everyday occurrence. Fnamilirity breeds conltempt, and a young lady who has gone through a long course of virtuous heroes with 'wo wives each, can hardly be expected to a continue to regard bigamy with a satisfthe \- tory amount of horror. ]But, apart from the moral aspect of the question, this persistent manipulation of a threadbare theme is any thing but creditable to the novelists. The ft aculty of invention must be at a singular la ow ebb when writers of fiction condescend I to this kind of lilerally follow-my-leader. If 1 bigamy were a thing which everybody had to a go through sooner or later, like first love or t the measles, such unanimity would be less t surprising; but, so fir from being actually the rule, a double marriago is in real life the I rarest of exceptions. In the plots of the old writers bigamy is very sparingly used ;yet the characters seem to have got on very well 1 without it. The Queen in amletl waits till her first spouse is poisoned before she takes another; and the Wife of Bath, though she r had five husbands, had only one at a time. c We admit that, as a situation of fiction, biga s my has great advantaget. A good deal can s be made of the remorse of the bigamist, and \- the constant dread of discovery. The right \- ful partner may produce at pleasing excite meniit by turning up, or being on the point of 1turning up, at any number of unseasonable times, and the final discovery.'and generals consternationl afford inateri:al for a capita climax. Unfortunately, however, all this valuable'material hasbeen already utilized-not 1 once, but a hundred or a hundred and fifty times. We have had every possible variety _ of bigamist, with every possible variety of first partner and every possible variety of se cond partner, and the ramifications of the plot have been varied in every possible way. We confess to a little curiosity to see a book in which everybody shall be a bigamuist ; but we cannot imagine any other variation of which'the subject;is still susceptible. We are weary of bigamy. We doubt not that.it has been in its time a very useful institution, and that it has saved anl enormous outlay of original thought; but it has lived its duo time,and should now receive decent, burialt -Saturday Revieto. A home correspondent of the Age writes to say that actors, whom your approval has endorsed, seem to go down, or rather up, sat homo, whatever may be the cease wvith lyour political institutions. The following is fromr the Morning Star:-" We are to havesthe pleasure, the, of welcoming'beck to England Mr. Barry Sullivan, one of the soundest'intl: most originally gifted among the actors wsho have in tlis generation adorned our stage; while in Mrs. 'Herman Vezin, all Loidbou playgoers will recognise an artist equsallj gifted in embodying the creations of t1o tragic and of the comic muso, whose early Australian renown has been east into thil shade by the brightness of her well-earned English rellutation." Mr. Neil Warner hlis made a successfull appearancel in Edinburglh as Riclhard the Third. According to ouoe oi our theatrical papers, lie musts be well out of' Melbournle just now, where, tint authori y asserts, the carelessness inducled by nionopr,y has brought the drasma to a very low ebb.. I heard the osther day, buotwill no votuch for? the seriousness of the report, that Messrs. Spiers and Pond, who are inow quite at the top of the tree as metropolitan railway res taurateurs, have failed ill their negotiations with Ulr. Diekclns andtl Pope, had olfered Mr. Spurgeon a very handsomoe five-figured sum to go on a starrilng tour throug the Aius tralian colonies. By the way I Imay add that a femalo admirer of his, (ru'lllored to be tile Duchess of Sutherlnssd, but ?-r'. Spurgeon says, no) Ilas promised himll\ £20,000 to found an orphanuage in connection with his Taber nacle. It has already a Pastors' College in connection with it, and a gramner school, and other schools are to be afiiiiated to 'it. It is to have, too, a row of almshouses ; so that there will soon be quite an imposing baptist colonly ill Nwiniugton. The numbler of cattle anld horses whelichave lately. met withl their death thrsogh over.eating the tre foil or native clover, has led to various methods be. ing adopted to give relief t the sufl'risig anilmals, anld, as in many cases, if the beast is left unsared for its deathl is certain, the most extreme means are used in the hope of saving its life. We, ,Majorca In dependent, are happy to have to recorl an instance in swhich l a attemplt of this sort was crownled. itll success, and as it may be tlio Iimeans of ilnducilng ethers to try lthe sallmle elllthod, we laplpelnd the fol lowing particulars. A tew days ago. a very valst able cow belongisng to 1Mr. (lodes at GIerman Gully,. was found to hIe aswsslloil shlinst to bursting, andi it was evident that if relief wais nott given within It rely short time, that thlere was no hole of the re covery of tihe animal; and so eilher to rill or cure, Mr. Gteddes, assisted by a Mr. Watsonr,, Imad an in ciaiol iabout mllihsly between tile last rib arnd tls hIip btne, and a grleat escipe of gas, ass lfront .blows bladder, fillowed. Bllt tli stols a cls was still unire lievted, and thioreflbre a cut wls Iiradle ill tile coat of tile stuoialsch, and inlserting his hausd, ncarlv a b:ir rowful ofl the gas proditcilng clovler wil drawnls cnroe fully asiay s tse ihelrior wounds wl.ss then sowse lup, anll the siume olserationl was s eslrlllorl e l il tle ollter skis, ansl oil the day lillowsug, the osailssnl seessled to be rasisdly reiurning to perfect healtsi. The \\\ife'n Clhanic'.--Iate one night ll , the rlnost llilscrabll oi' asill hsss l5 iiig, s srsnkes ilssbasd, aitcer sisessdinig his whs?ols i 'lveisis lg t a puallic-house, set oSil for hous e. * Well,' said hie tIs lsissself, I if I liss insy wite Ui, I'll s.sl hier: wsisat buisissess has sue is, sit up, wasiin, ]ire is d ligshs , s h? Asld ii I lislnL her ill bedI, I'lli scohi heICr; whis right haus se to gso to be bulbr uo 1 got hom? I' 