MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. A FACT FOR HOUSE BREEDERS. In the registrar general's last return of the amount of etock, &<•, in Ireland, it was shown thai horses had considerably decreased in number. In 1869, there were horses to the value of L31.976 exported from Great Brit iin and Ireland to Belgium; in 1863 the vain" exported to the same country alone was LC 1,915, shoeing an increase of L28,940 in one ynar's exportation, as compared with the previous year A foreign demand still continues, for at the iust great Munster (Limerick) fair, a buyer oil the part of the French Government was prcseDt, taking animals fit for troop horses at from L24 to L3Q a piece.—'Bell's Life.' HASSACSE OP BMALL BIRDS IN FRANCE. At a recent agricultural meeting in France the Archbishop of Bordeaux (Cardinal l)cn - net) gave some satistical details in order to show the injury done to tbe agriculturist by the wholesale massacre of small birds:—"It was formerly calculated that in spring, time there were no less than 10,000 birds' ncBls in each square league. Now we know that every nest contains on an average four young ones. Well, then, it lias heen shown that each of these liitle ones requires for its daily consumption fifteen worms, and that the parents require for their share six'y, uiaki-tg a total of 12ti insects for the daily consumption of each nest. If yuu multiply 120 worms by 10,0011 nests.you have n total ot 1,200,000 worm destroyed every day, or 3G,0myiu0 in a month. Thirty-eix million worms! Have you reflected that those 3S,fltl0,U0U worms, if you do not respect tiie existence of tho*e poor birds that consumes theni, will in tluir :urn cat up the leaves, the flowers, aud the fruita of our tri es, ns well as the produce of our kitchen gardens ? Neither should we forget that r.heiis'crs and tiie pnrasite plants, of which these birds would rid us levy nn iiii[K)st nearly d mble the property tax. Be.-ir in mind that the present year the caterpillars ! have done such damnge to the cabbages that j this vegetable has disappeared from our i tables, and that those ins-cts have bei.-u 1 equally injurious to the pine woods."—' M. [ L. EzpreiB.' j FRINCB Al.nERT'fi PETS. • Prince Albert was intensely fond of , animals, and especially of birds. Few gar- ] dens have been so densely peopled by the feathered songsters as those attached to the ' premises at Pimlico, for it WHB a place of pri. ' vilege to ihcm ; not a nest was ever know j insly disturbed, and it waB the constant aim ! of the Royal father to teach his children to show ten<lernc : s to helpless creatures. The prince and princesscss had each their little garden ; nests were often watclied, not to terrify the parents, hut to guard them from acci'lental disturbance, so that every fauiily of fledglings hid froui the moment of their birtli a guarded home on sacred ground. On one occasion one of the children found in the garden a blind sparrow. This member of a great pugilistic community hid had its eyeB scratched out io a fight, and when found was completely hi-lpless. The child was much concerned about its fate, and secured the good services of Mrs Wyness, the gardener's wife, begging her to nurse it while the family were nwny at Osborne. On their return to Pimlico, the child, who had never forgotten the blind sparrow, hastened to inquire of Mrs Wyness, respecting 11, nnd was deeply grieved to hear ihat it had died in spite of the most cnreful tending.—• Ilibbert's Gardeners' Magazine.' KEnVODS MEN AND FAT MEN. The nerves are the ohj-.'cts of systematic enmity and depreciation amung mankind at large. Fat, however it may excite complaint in the fat perFon, is not, I believe, all ohj ct of enmity, except in un omnibus or in some position where it occupies an unusual portion of the planetary space. Prophetic denunciations against such as be fat iu Zion are on record ; none against such as he nervous. Yet the fat man is tolerated, loved, at worst laughed at ; while the nervous man is not only laughed at, he is disliked. But is it fat that has bien the chief benefactor of the human race ? Was it a fat man that invented printing f Was it a fat man that discovered the circulation of the b'ood ? Was George Stephenson fat t Were the martyrs fat ? Heliogabalus wua, but was Antoninus ? Julius Ceasar, though for his own selfish ends he preferred fat men about his person, was he fat himself ? Was Hampden a fat man ? Was Milton ? Was Cromwell ? Wae William IIL ? No; it was Gvorge IV. who was the fat man, and lie built the fat pavilion at Brighton. Charles Jamea Fox was fat, but he gambled. Falstaff was fat, but he was not a respectable character. Hamlet, again, was fat; but he believed in ghosts, and was a very undecided young man. The fattest man of modern timea is a distinguished undertaker—He may make good cofflm, but I am not a judge of coffins. On the otherhand is Mr Tennyson fat ? Is Mr John Stuart Mill fat ? Is Mr Browning fat ? Is Mr Gladstone fat ? No ; tho nation wnulit not trust its income with a fat man ; it knows better. The only fat financier, I ever heard ol was Mr Hudson the railway king. Tlius it is with nervous men that we trust our money, and it is from nervous men tint we expect all that makes money worth having. Or it this statement should be too wid«, let it be nut by cqntndioUanr-lhen ace ;l«aty ot contradictory people in tho world—and on the Other aide have too long had it all their own way—have too long been permitt'd to treat the nervous as not only miserable in themselves but ths causee of misery in others. —'The ArgoBBy.' BTE FOB MILCH COWS. j Mr C. E. Brooks, one if the best dairymen of Orange County (New York), affirms that rye makes more milk than other corn or jneaL . 'Brewers'^l^rah 1 formerly cost six cents per bushel at the farm j now they cost one •hilling, and '• ire iiot so "profitable as rye at six shillings per bushel. Oats he esteemsthe poorestlfittd "of grain for cattle. His daily allowance 10 each cow is live pounds of meal, given-with cut straw, wet with warm «ater. He fed with corn and oats, buckwheat and wheat bran,. changing the kind frequently, thinking his animals thrive best on a frequent change of diet.—' American Paper.' 