OPENING OF THE OVENS AND MURRAY EXHIBITION. THE most important event which we had to record for some years past took place in Beechworth, on Thursday last. We refer to the Opening of the Ovens and Murray Exhibition, in St. George's Hall, which has been looked forward to with intense interest by all classes of the community. This Exhi- bition, as doubtless our readers are aware, contains specimens of the various manufactures, products, and resources of these districts, and is in conjunction with the Intercolonial Exhibition to be held at Melbourne, in October next, to which many of the articles now on view in Beechworth will be forwarded. We are presumptuous enough to flatter ourselves that few districts in the colony. will make a better or even so good an appearance at that Exhibition as these districts will. Should this prove to be the case, immense benefits will accrue to the community. The exhibition of speci- mens from the quartz reefs in these districts may probably have the effect of inducing Melbourne capitalists to recog- nise their value as investments, and to spare us a little of that capital which is at present so extensively employed in the Ballarat and other mining districts—a consummation most devoutly to be wished. In reference to the opening ceremony on Thursday, we can only repeat the general opinion of all who witnessed it —that it was a most thorough and com- plete success. The very disagreeable weather which had prevailed for the pre- vious fortnight broke up on Wednesday, and Thursday turned out to be one of those sunny spring days, so enjoyable after a long continuance of rain. From a very early hour in the morning a stranger in Beechworth would have had no difficulty in coming to the con- clusion that something unusual was astir, the large number of persons ar- riving from the country, and the holi- day attire of the local residents testifying to the fact. The number of school children who were hurrying to their rendezvous, before taking part in the procession was very large, the little folks appearing to take great interest in what was going on. The officers of the German Rifle Association were also to be seen running about, apparently "round- ing-up" their men, and the muster made by the corps showed that their efforts had been attended with success. By eleven o'clock the town presented a most lively appearance, and at the time of the procession passing through the streets there could not have been much less than 3000 people present. The time appointed for the various bodies, who intended to take part in the procession, to be at the place of meet- ing, the Town Hall, was half-past twelve, but it was probably about one o'clock before the National School, which was the first to arrive, took up a position in the Market Reserve. The other bodies quickly followed, and under the able direction of Mr Gillan, who acted as marshal, a very short time suf- ficed to form the procession. The music provided consisted of a brass band of the professional performers, and the fife and drum band. The perform- ances of the brass band were only of a second-rate character, but the manner in which the boys composing the fife and drum band played was universally ad- mired, and showed that the interest taken in their progress by His Honor Judge Cope, and their other instructors, had not been in vain. We must not omit to mention that the greater portion of the members of this band had donned their new uniform for the occasion, whoi hi the effect of giving them an estiemely showy though rather outve ppearance. The procession- when rmed was nearly a quarter of a mile in 8 i and, from the large number of 1? ai5 ,Mers carried by the schools and public bodies, the effect produced Ms pleasing m thi extreme. The ban aS* t I beechworth Shire Council m the Beechworth Borough Coiwdt beiniTf l ,Splendid affairs ; the former «goi blue silk, with-the arms of the thr,e?lr"neltea; the late fctf',?,htI,earm3',f tt«Corpo f the very best Durnhm Oddfellows, who as far as al'o hn J nGD- ma mh 1 hon\\.hauucr> which helped to up for other shortcomings. The tte mlwn ^oo1, however, had by far their fl andsoma display, asaltogether exceed!^8 banners have style J/ SC0r6' g0fc ^ tho besfc Tile'arm SOme tbem truly elegant. * appearance made by the school in, greatLfTT? certainl3r ^fleeted the & Cnznpr 4.n the PrinciP^. Mr J. P'eit nnl ' W^ must bave taken very NatioIi nc? ? the matter- Nor was the ren hPi behmdhand, the child t0 is' rth tteir flass li'ttlefnlto' ,ct vve ma.Y say that the ofthenr-nJ0-6 <3Tf10sfc admired portion the time ofSSJ°n;- DurinSite course, from followed favfclD& the processioa was i »umbor oafndaccomP^ied by a large ' also ennrr, ? lSOns ; S)obtseers were Vas to b! ifT WhT'& ever a good view '.he the Hotels, in the, storied build' ° . J3> an^ other two «»hge had rKtt;t?\P?in' °f 1 Tlm^dnv i appea,rance aa it did on | elapse befmi! -fPr?ably 60010 time following ig ftp .7d°es, 80 aSain- The 1 o older of the procession : A*o Mounted Troopers. TatS Band. of five performers; Umbering aCf/f9 Association, ^^.Hessre TT„CIe^gy,men' Clerk. /n* and tb0 Tt. r, ^recede h1 »?f- Beec,lw°rtb, he President and r .,Banncr' lldret> with banner* fajnmw School, Childrren with banners, under the direction of their teachers. Two mounted Policeted Po»ce. Upon forming, the procession pro- ceeded through all the principal streets of the Borough, and arrived at St. George's Hall, shortly after two o'clock. In the Hall a number of ladies were congregated, who had been admitted after one o clock, in order to allow them to get into good position for seeing and hearing. On the arrival of the proces- sion, the doors were thrown open to the public, and the building was immedi- ately crammed, there being scarcely standing room for those who managed to press in. The life and drum band, were installed in the orchestra, at the north end of the building, and the choir, under the leadership of Mr James Cunningham, occupied the plat- form. The opening ceremony was com- menced by the choir singing an anthem, which was executed in a very creditable manner, albeit there appeared to be the want of one or two good leading soprano voices. The Rev. W. L. C. HOWARD then delivered a very appropriate prayer, as follows:— Almighty and Everlasting God, Sovereign of all things, without whom nothing is holy, nothing is strong ; Accept we beseech The, the sacrifice of our praise and thanksgiving, receive graciously our prayers which are offered up to Thee this, day in behalf of this colony and country. We acknowledge that Thou hast poured down and multi- plied many and great blessings upon us as a people, and hast brought us to a new country containing very valuable and undeveloped sources of wealth. Bestow upon thy people a spirit to utilise and improve these thy good gifts to us, so that as we may increase, and grow in prosperity and in importance amongst the nations of the earth, that we may ever remember Thee as our Father and our Friend, and honor and exalt Thy holy name, both amongst ourselves and before the world. We acknowledge, O Mighty Architect of the Universe, that it is not because of the works of right- eousness which we have done ; but of Thy great mercy, that we are permitted to come before Thee this day with the voice of prayer and thanksgiving. We beseech Thee to bless the works which thou hast enabled us to commence, find to regard with Thy favour our present purpose ofunity together with the colo- nies of this great and important country, in bringing forth the riches of its resources, and of developing the capabilities of this great southern land, for supplying the wants of civilised man. Cement amongst us the bond of Peace and Concord, and in Thy name, and not with us be the praise. Fulfil our requests for good ; farther our desires ; remember us for good with Thy presence, and while we survey the works of Art and Industry around us, let not our breasts be lifted up that we forget that all our ability is not of our own might, or by the strength of our own hands that we have done these things. We acknowledge them, as talents lent us from the Lord our God. Let the many mercies we have received dispose our hearts to serve Thee more and more, who art the Creator and Giver of all good things. Teach us to use all these earthly blessings that Thou hast given us so richly to enjoy, and not to withdraw our affections from those heavenly things, which Thou hast prepared for them that love Thee. Visit us with the visitation of mercy ; inipart to us knowledge and good under- standing ; bless Thou the work of our hands. Inspire our hearts with brotherly affection towards all men, and filial affec tion towards the great Author of our Being, so that our hearts may not be removed from those heavenly things which Thou hast prepared for them that love Thee. Through the merit and mediation of Thy own son Jesus Christ to, whom with Thee and the Holy Ghost, be all honor and glory, world without end. Amen. The Mayor then called upon Mr Cuzner, the Hon. Secretary to read the report of the Committee which was as follows— On the announcement of the intention to hold an Intercolonial Exhibition in Melbourne, it was suggested to the Committee of the Athenaeum, that, from, their having under their charge the Burke Museum, it would be desirable for them to attempt to hold a Local Exhibition in Beechworth. With this view they placed themselves in commu- nication with the Royal Commissioners, and received from their Secretary, not only encouragement to proceed in their attempt, but a very flattering notice of the exhibits sent from Beechworth to the last exhibition in Melbourne, with a strong expression of the belief of the Royal Commission that the material advancement of the district since that time, warranted the expectation of a still more satisfactory collection on the present occasion. On mature considera- tion it appeared that the exhibition would be better managed by an inde- pendent Committee, and a public meeting was convened by the Mayor in the Town Hall, when it was resolved, that the conduct of the Local Exhibition for the Ovens and Murray District should be entrusted to the present Committee, associated with such other gentlemen as might be chosen in the district sur- rounding Beechworth. The Royal Com- missioners having formally appointed this Committee their agents, circulars were addressed to the whole of the pub- lic bodies in the district as well as to influential individuals requesting their co-operation. To these circulars a hearty response was generally given, and the work of the Committee, (in addition to the necessary arrangements for holding the Local Exhibition,) has therefore been mainly, to stimulate the activity of the Diggers, Farmers, Manufacturers, and others, to such exertions as may fully, fairly, and honorably represent their localities both in the Intercolonial Ex- hibition at Melbourne, and (as far as practicable) in the Exhibition of 1867 at Paris ; and as one means of effecting this object they determined to award certificates of merit for those local pro- ductions as may be deemed worthy of such distinction. For this certificate a highly effective design was furnished by Mr Hulme, of Stanley, with the decisions of the judges in the several classes. How far the Committee have accom- plished their objects, this Hall is the best evidence, find they feel that they may well congratulate themselves and their neighbours on the success they have acheived. They hope and believe that the result, among themselves, of their efforts, will be to show that large stores of mineral wealth are yet undeve- loped ; that a most favorable opening for enterprise offers itself in quarrying for slates, and building stones ; that the gums, and other vegetable productions of the locality will amply repay com- mercial attention, that Silk, Cotton, Tobacco, and the rarer seeds may be very profitably cultivated in the neigh- bourhood ; and that many branches of manufacture need only to be established among them to yield an ample remu- neration; while as the result of all these considerations, they believe that by making the unbounded resources of the district known in Melbourne and other parts of the colony, the attention of capitalists will be widely directed to these advantages and early energetic steps be taken to provide such increased facilties for communication, both by River and Rail, as to remove from the district, the only disadvantage under which it labours a long and tedious journey from the Metropolis and other great centres of population. The report was received with consi- derable applause. His Honor Judge Cope was then called upon to deliver the Inaugural Address. His Honor said he hoped there were not many present who had witnessed the opening of the Great Exhibitions of Lon- don in 1851 and 1862. If there were, he would ask them to forget for the time what they remembered of those great events, for we were only children as yet, and the works of men could not be expected of us. We have here no Royalty and no Lord Mayor, we had, however, a Mayor of Beechworth, and he was as much respected as the Lord Mayor of London. We have no band from the Royal Horse Guards; but we had a little band growing up amongst us which had certainty exerted itself for our pleasure to-day. We had not 500 choristers ; but if we had we would not know what to do with them. Neither had we a Poet Laurate to write an Ode on the opening of the Exhibition, but it was as well we had not, as he (Judge Cope) would have to read the Ode, and in that case he was sure those present would not know the poetry from prose. If they were to come to the mines, how- ever, it would be found that they were as productive as any in the colony. Very little was known, in London, of Victoria, at the time of the Great Exhi- bition of 1851 ; yet Victoria surprised the visitors to that Exhibition. This district was about as much known in Melbourne, as Victoria was known in London at that time ; but he was sure they would be surprised at our Exhibi- tion, and would be surprised to hear, as he had been told, that over £12,000,000 of gold had been sent down. Although by some we were designated "Tadrnor," yet he thought the sight would convince them what we were able to do and accom- plish. There was one thing which was not represented in this Exhibition which he would like to have seen there, and that was a model of a section of the road from here to Melbourne in winter time. The coach might be represented as stuck in the mud up to the axle, and the pas- sengers waiting in the rain until the con- veyance was extricated. This would also probably astonish the Melbourne people. There was one fact which he could not but remark upon. Of all the British colonies, Victoria was the only one which in the London Exhibition had repre- sented the Fine Arts. We could in this district, as the walls around would show, add very materially to the stock of those to be shown. The Exhibition altogether would, he had no doubt, be a success. He believed this district would make as good show at the Inter-Colonial Exhi- bition in Melbourne, and the Committee were certainly deserving of the highest praise for the manner in which they had worked in order to get together such a good collection of things. The Choir then sang, the "Hallelujah Chorus." The MAYOR said, after the very com- prehensive report read by the Secretary and the address of His Honor Judge Cope, it did not require many remarks from him. He might, however, congra- tulate the Committee on the success they had achieved, especially so as there are yet a number of exhibits to come in. He then declared the Exhibition, opened, and the ceremony terminated with the "National Anthem," by the choir and company. THE EXHIBITION. With reference to the Exhibition itself, although there are some things which certainly have not received suffi- cient or any attention, we cannot but repeat our opinion previously expressed that the various products, manufactures, and resources are generally well repre- sented. When we say there are some things which have not received suffi- cient or any attention, we refer to timber and building stones, but the complaint does not refer to these alone, there being other articles which it will not be denied might have been far better represented. These remarks are not intended to imply any censure on the committee, for we believe they have exerted them- selves to the utmost to make the Exhi- bition a success, but we do think those who are interested in these particular products are to blame is not having taken a little trouble in order to make an exhibition so important thoroughly com- plete. There is still time to remedy this, and we hope before the exhibits are despatched for Melbourne to hear that the wants are supplied. Having stated what is not in the Ex- hibition it may be advisable to state what is to be seen there, and we certainly have a far more difficult task. Before entering the hall itself, we pass through a large tent in which are berthed some very elegant carriages and buggies of local manufacture, which are exhibited by Messrs Atkinson, Robin son, and Carroll, and Mr McLean, both firms, being of Beechworth. They are finished off with every care as to the com- fort of the passengers and also to the strength of the vehicle itself, and we have no hesitation in saying that they would not discredit any first- class metropolitan establishment. On enter- ing the hall we turned to the left, where is placed a quantity of jam manufactured ; and exhibited by Messrs Dunn, of Beechworth, and Peake, of Chiltern. Next to this is some really excellent Maryland leaf tobacco grown by Mr Henley, of Oxley. The tobacco shown is an excellent sample, and proves with- out doubt that this valuable plant may be produced in this district with success. Next to this we observe a quantity of colonial wine exhibited by Messrs Zim- merman, A. Granjoux, and C. Reau, the latter gentleman of Wahgunyah. Passing this we arrive at one of the most attractive corners of the room, which is that occupied by the con- tributions of Mr W. J. Turner, Camp Street, Beechworth. This gentleman has evidently taken much pains in the preparation of his exhibits, as the man- ner in which they are exhibited is evi- dence. His list comprises a great variety, but perhaps the most interesting is the collection of precious stones found in the district and specimens from various claims, some of which are ex- ceedingly rich. There is a show of colonial made jewelry in many instances having gems found in the district set in it. There is also a model of a steam engine and numerous other articles of interest. From this corner we pass over to the other side of the room where there is another corner which ap- pears to be entirely taken up by the contributions of Mr E. H. Dunn. The first case we arrive at is one containing some aboriginal implements, chiefly stone tomahawks and stones for sharpen- ing the same. Also aboriginal fishing nets. The case adjoining this contains a large collection of insects principally of the grub genus. Next to this we come to a collection of granites, slates, and shales, and adjoining that again is a really excellent contribution in the shape of clays, lignites, and iron ores. There is a great variety of clays of various shades and colors. We certainly cannot complain of a want of clay for there seems to be in this collection clays fit for all purposes. Similar remarks apply to a case containing samples of sand which adjoins the clays. Next to this is a case holding gems and precious stones, of which there is an excellent variety and some of them of consider- able value. After this we have a case of crystals obtained in the Ovens District, and this appears to complete Mr Dunn's contributions. He, like Mr Turner, has evidently done his best to make his col- lection interesting, and he certainly ap- pears to have succeeded. The thanks of the committee and the public generally are due to these gentlemen for their exertions. After Mr Dunn's con- tributions come those of Mr J. Hedley, which principally consist of tin ore and stones from the Woolshed and Reid's Creek. The tin ores appear to be ex- ceedingly rich, and their exhibition may probably have the effect of turning at tention more generally, to mining for tin. On the wall over these ores is an instrument which calls for some notice. It is designed and executed by Mr J. H. Cnzner of the- Grammar School. He gives it the name of an "antiscope," and it is intended to convey to children more clearly than the present apparatus will allow, the causes for the seasons, &c.; The idea seems to be ingenious as far as we could judge. The Rev. Mr Howard is the contributor of the most comprehensive- and interesting collection of colonial gams in the Exhibition, and has taken great pains in having every variety properly named. The collection attracts much attention. There is an exhibition of some really excellent fire bricks by Messrs Deutschman and. Co., and these show the utility of some of the clays exhibited by Mr Dunn. Mrs A. S. Palmer has a fine collection of Australian sea weeds, which are ex- ceedingly beautiful in their preserved state. There is a very elegant contri- bution from the Borough Council of Rutherglen consisting of six excellent views of the town and other places of interest within the Borough. These are within an engrossed border contain- ing various statistics and other infor- mation concerning Rutherglen. The whole is in a frame made from Murray pine which has an excellent appearance. Mr J. E. Bray is the photographer. The Borough Council of Beechworth has sent a contribution very similar. One of the tables arranged down by the pillars is mostly devoted to natural history, the specimens of which are of great interest including as they do almost all the species of beasts, birds, and reptiles found in the district. This table also contains Mr Morres's collec- tion of eggs supposed to be one of the most comprehensive in the colony. On a table in the centre of the room is placed a most interesting collection of ferns and other plants sent by Mrs A. S. Palmer, the lady who has also contri- buted a number of varieties of Austra- lian sea weeds. On the table nearer to the entrance Messrs Little wood exhibit some millinery from their establish- ment. Mr Galbraith a very tempting wedding cake, and there are also a num- ber of samples .of leather of excelleni quality from, the Ovens Tannery. To the 'Bight of the door is the Electric Telegraph instrument with operator authorized to:Send messages to some of the nearer stations. This, was being done- yesterday and a number of persons were inspecting the method of operating. Next to this is a small printing press sent by Mr R. Warren, and adjoining a lithographic press. On the wall in front of the bar is a large frame containing a copy of Thursday's "Ovens and Murray Advertiser" and specimens of printing, which is also, sent by Mr R. Warren. We have now about been round the room, but we would have it distinctly understood that we do not presume to have mentioned nearly all the exhibits or even the ex- hibitors. We have merely noticed those which most struck us in our walk round, our space not allowing us to give a more extended notice. In another issue we will go. further into detail, and hope by that time that nearly if not quite all will be mentioned. Even from the above however the public will see that there is much in this Exhibition to interest and instruct, and will observe that it is well worthy of a visit. So far the attendance during the day and in the evening has been very good, not withstanding that the amusement has been confined to the brass and the fife and drum bands. During the week how- ever we understand that it is intended to add further attraction in the shape of amateur concerts and dramatic perfor- mances, some amateur step dancing, &c;, so that those who hold season tickets will not altogether be condemned to see the same thing every time. We confess however that the Exhibition is more than we could inspect thoroughly in one visit, and it will probably take season ticket holders tlm week to get through the novelty of that alone. Added to this the arrangement for receiving ex- hibits during the Exhibition will be another source of interest, as there will probably be something arriving almost daily until the Exhibition is closed. We cannot close this notice without bringing again before our readers the very praiseworthy exertions of the com- mittee. These gentlemen have been almost unwearying in their labors and to their indefatigable exertions in behalf of the Exhibition is to be attri- buted, the success which has been achieved and too much praise cannot be afforded to them. In many cases we know pecuniary loss has been sustained by individual members in consequence of the interest they have taken in the affair. The manner in which their report read at the opening ceremony was received, was to some extent a guarantee of how these exertions have been looked upon by the public and those members of committee who have been most active may rest assured that although perhaps at present there may not be any return for their services still they will have gained at least the good opinion of their fellow townsmen. 