MB. TRADDLES'S TALE. " Down in Link'B Hollow, whero the gibbet was?" ' " Ay." " A ugly place and a ugly night. I wouldn't go-" "It won't be the-first time that gibbet kept him here/' said the landlord between the whiffs of his pipe, " as Mb wifo could tell. Ever hear about it, sir ?" " No," said the pimple-faced man, who was a étranger. " Como, sit down, Traddles, and tell it." Mr. Traddles looked at the_fire and at the window; he cast an upward glanco at the shining brasses on the shelf; a corner of his oye took in the preparations for supper whioh were going on quietly j a powter measure throw an affectionate twinkle at him, which said, " Stay ;" the stout old arms of the wooden settle strotchod themselves out in their rough but kindly fashion, and said, " Come, nonsense about going-sit down and don't bother !" The settle finished it. Such beaming good humour there was in its polished back-suoh an air of reckless jollity in the way its arms were held out, and its feet, one kicking one away, one another ; and so shiny was its seat, from much rubbingof drab unmentionables and marvellously embroidered smock frocks. It wasn't every- where you could see such a settle as that; for the march of civilisation and refinement is against settles, and chimnoy corners, and high mantles with glittering brasses. Mr. Traddles then sat down obediently j he put out his knees wide, with a hand resting on each of them ; he looked up amongst the hams and flitches for inspiration, and the pimple faced man proffered him a pipe, which he refused; for Mr. Traddles couldn't smoke, it gavo him a tickling sensation in the throat, and if per- severed in, produced a sort of blur beforo his visual organs, in which the brasses were seen to make rapid circuits round the room, the fire irons to conduct themselves in a very light man- ner, and even the arms of the*settle to hit out with such violenoe against everything in general, as to give rise to the idea that it was parting company- in the middle, and going to pieces under him, ' Mr, Traddles did not say all this to the stran- ger, ho merely remarked that smoking was a bad habit for young meu to get into, and shook his head with a self-denial very virtuous under « the circumstances. " It was in the days," began Mr. Traddles " when there was a good deal doing on the road -not that the trade is quite used up yet, but its damaged; things area little altered since Dick Turpin did his bit of a step with Black Boss thore was a farmer lived down yonder"-with a jerk of his thumb towards the window " Link's Hollow ?" " Ay j it was about that time my mother sent me-bojftg alad of genius, but, as she called it, poor bouX' a Jack-of-all-trades, master-o'-noDc' -away to learn farming, expecting I should have money left me-which I had-but that's neither here nor thore, for it's gone, somehow, long ago. It's a curious thing now," said the little man, looking into the fire, " how that money did go ! It was in a bank safe enough, as I thought ; I just drew a bit now and a. bit then, thinking to make it up by-and-bye ; and one morning going to aBk for a small sum-a mere trifle-they said it was all gone. I don't wish to wrong anybody, but it was curious, you know !" " But the gibbet," said the pimple-faced man, impatiently. " What about that?" " Well, the farmer was well to do j had no chick nor child, and plenty of money ; a rich man, so to speak. He used to go, like other farmers, to-- market, to sell his« grain and get the money for it; and it was a lonely ride enough between there and Link's Hollow, but he was a bold man, and it didn't trouble him. He had been to market as usual, and bad re- ceived money. He had it about him, bank notes and guineas, tied up in a brown holland bag, which looked all the richer because it was dirty, ne took his grog well, and gave it freely to the man who had paid him, as he always did, for ho was open-handed enough. There was a stranger sitting in the same room ; but his back was turned, and he seemed to be just mind- ing his own business and taking no notice of anyone, till, all at once, the farmer felt a sort of spell on him to look up. Ho did so, and saw the stranger's eye fastened on the bag, which he had just tied up. " ' Your health,' says the farmer, looking at him and taking a pull at the grog. " ' Same to you,' says ho, laughing. 'It's to be hoped you carry arms, if you mean to ride far with that sort of thing at this time of night ' " ' Arms,' says the farmer. ' Ay, and fists at the end of 'em.' " n© doubled his fists as he spoke, and the man laughing again, wished hirn a pleasant ride, and went away. " The farmer mounted his horso and rode off. He had ten good miles before him, and most on 'em across a common, with no house near, not even a cottage. He looked about as he left behind 'him the last house he should see till he readied his own, and then set off at a trot, whistling as he went. He had often done the same thing before ; he had often ridden home as late, with as muoh money in his pocket, and he had no fear now. Very soon he heard the ring of hoofs on the hard road behind him. Ho quiokened his pace a bit, but not enough, for, before he was aware, a horso was stretching neck for-neok with his, a blow from sonje weapon staggered him in his seat. '" Ay, ay,' says the farmer, gathering up his reins, and rising in his stirrups, for the moon had shone right across the robber's face, and he knew him again. 'Arms, is it? Ay, and fists at the end of 'em. Your health, my friend !' " Hitting out, and spurring his horse, off ho started, and,'my friend'after him. The robber had a tough nag, but the farmer's was the fleetest, if ßhe could only hold her pace long enough. On they went, the sparks flying up from the hard road after them. A neok-or-nothing race it was, but tho farmer gained on his friend fast. He was just beginning to draw a comfortable breath, and think about home, when a sharp whistle carno from behind, and another horse- man sprang into the road right bofore him. He wasn't going to givo it up even fhen; they grappled together for a minute, and the dancing and capering of horses' feet mingled with their heavy breathing It waB but for a minute ; the farmer got his bridle free, doubled suddenly, and Bonding his riding-stick at his assailant, as a last fond remembrance, ho made for a low fence, cleared it, and got in front again They were both after him, however, at a Bpanking gallop. He dug his spurs into the mare, and she span along like the wind with him, all panting and stiff as he was, for ho had got some blows too. And now, getting near his own house-where he could see tho smoke curling up from tho chimney, and knew his wifo was sitting there waiting for him, and keeping up the fire for him-the mare's foot caught against a stone. See what little things turn the balance ; it was but a moment or so lost, but it was that too much. He was seized, pinioned, and his pockets rifled. He never apoke, never asked for mercy, but he struggled hard, and the robbers had no easy task to keep him faBt while they searohed him. They took his money, and one of them, with a curse, struck a heavy blow on the mare's reeking flank that made her spring off again like mad, while the other-perhaps his bad blood was up at the farmer's hard fighting-drawing something from his bosom, steadied his hand a minute, took aim, and the farmer tumbled from his horse like a rook out of a branch. That was in sight of his own door." "Was ho dead?" " He lived long enough to tell it, and to swear to the man who stopped him first. The other got off." " He did die, then ?" " He did. His wifo took on horribly ; shut herself up, and never spoke a word to anybody, making no sound but a moaning which kept on all day and all night, asleep and awake. At last she took a fancy to go rambling about the house at night, like a moaning ghost, up-stairs and down-stairs, along the passages in and out of every room but the one he had lain in ; and one night she tried that too. Perhaps she heard the strange creaking out-side, or perhaps some spirit was in her dragging her on ; she must have pulled up the blind and looked out, however, and in the tree within a few yards of her, swinging backwards and forwards in tho wind-we know that the moon was shining on, and sho must have seen it. There carno from that room a shriek that rung through the house, and startled everybody out of their beds to seo what was the matter. But they oould only guess-she never told." " You don't meaD to say-" " Mad!" said the little man, shaking his head -"raving!" "Humph," said the pimpled-faced stranger -" robbed in sight of bis own door! that Bounds rath er-ra th er-' ' "That man," said Mr TraddleS) striking his drab knees emphatically, "was my uncle. I was at his house when it happened. That horri- ble thing in the gibbet awung there, creaking in sight of tho house, crowds of people coming to see it every day-swarms of people. After that night they took it down, but it was too late to savo my aunt!" " And that gibbet," said the landlord, shaking the ashes out of his pipe solemnly, " was the last gibbet as ever I see, and I don't caro if I never see another, nor bear on it. Pass the grog.' 