?$5EWS BY THE MAIL. ,: ? -«- ? The R.M.S. Avoca, with the October mails, arrived in Hobson's Bay on Sunday morning. We subjoin our correspondent's letter, and a summary of tlve month's intelligence. OUR CORRESPONDENT'S LETTER. London, 26th October. .;..;?.. AUSTRALASIAN MATTERS. -??.? Arrangements have been made with the colonial bonks in London, and in a little more than a week from this time your debenture business -will be ! satisfactorily settled. Your acute and indefatigable ambassador speaks favorably of the progress of the other portion of his mission. If ' pegging away ' still retains the virtue which President Lincoln attributed to it, you will have no reason to regret ,your choice of a representative. Those pegged at take very kindly to the process. So far as courtesy and good wishes go, your colony has no ground for complaint against the present home Government. Whether such flowers of politeness have .been followed by the fruit of desiderated deeds, I shall, I suppose, be able to tell you in my next. With Major Palliser and other artil lerists, Mr Verdon is still in almost constant com munication; Mr John O'Shanassy, whom the Dublin cor respondent of the Times calls the ' Prime Minister of Victoria' (at home, you see, we fet about as near to accuracy on colonial matters as ohn Poerybingle did to a joke), has been feasted by his Tipperary townsmen. The Waterford Mail asserts that 'While the banquet was going on in the school-house at Tipperary, a large crowd assem bled, and the small police force in attendance, finding it was bent on mischief, was largely in creased. At one time it was feared that a general attempt would be made to smash in all the windows. The thickest portion of the crowd, and the largest supply of stones, were at the upper window which enfiladed the table at which the principal guest was seated, and the police discovered a very diabolical instrument ; it was a blacking jar, filled with gun powder, and fitted with a fuse. Had this rude im promptu shell been thrown into and exploded in the room, it _ might have caused fearful confusion and loss of life. The conduct of the police was most praiseworthy ; without exciting any ill feeling in the mob, it protected the banqueters fr.-m outrage. This incident shows the state of feeling which exists amongst a large class. The recipient of the compliment was a native of the town, and one would have supposed he would therefore have been most popular,;' but the expression of pro-British feeling at the antipodes was sufficient to evoke disapprobation and hostility in Tipperary.' The Standard takes Mr O'Shanassy's career for _ a text, and holds forth upon it in a way which, if I ? mistake not, will provoke inextinguishable laughter fH;^ Victoria. Mr O'Shanassy, it appears, is your ungratefully banished Coriolanus or Oamillus. He had been cured of democracy, we are told, as Swedish drunkards are cured of brandy drinking, by getting an overdose of it. Don't take these denun ciations tso much to heart, however! There is scarcely a soul in England who cares a straw for anything the Standard says. The Toryism of its ' leading ' articles is too manifestly tromboned to order, often by musicians who strive to make up for laok of practice by extra expenditure of breath, to have any weight. Standard writers could scribble, some of them have scribbled, just as well, or as badly, in support of Mr Gladstone as of Lord Derby. The Age article of the 2-lth of July, on Mr Lowe's Australian career, has been re-printed by the Liberal London press. Colonists, when they come home, often find the mother country considerably warmer in a physical, but far colder in a social sense, than they had ex pected. Nobody seems to care for them. They are more lonely than they would be in a literally foreign land. On this unsociable state of tilings the Earl of Shaftesbury made the following remarks at the Social Science Congress : — 'Why are our colonial fellow subjects, when they visit our shores, jsearly strangers in the land, and find not hospitality at every corner ? Do we despise their loyalty, de preciate their affection, or shut our eyes to their mighty future ? Very far from it. Our neglect is the result of ignorance ; and we lose, by listless ness and inattention, the happy means of binding together all regions under her Majesty's rule with a reciprocal esteem and regard, conducive alike to the dignity and freedom of the children, and to the honor and benefit of the mother country.' Occa sionally, however, a colonist finds more interest taken in his affairs at home than he relishes. The Lancet of the 29th of September says that Mr Beaney's trial redounds far less to the credit of the medical than of the legal profession in Mel bourne. The Medical Times of the following week makes very similar remarks. THE RE-OPENING EASTERN QUESTION. The Crimean war was fought in vain. The in surrection in Crete has not been suppressed ; Epirus and Thessaly are in a ferment ; Egypt is to have a French constitution ; Prince Charles of Hohenzollem has at last been ? recognised by the Porte, and the enduring Eastern question is again gaping to swallow blood and treasure. There can be no doubt that the Eastern question, although pooh-poohed for .the present by the Times, is most seriously occupy ing the attention of the whole of the Cabinets of Northern and Western Europe. Not only are wo assured that Russia has requested — though in vain — that, the Governments of England and France should unite with her iu an intervention in favor of the Greek Christians in Turkey, but it is stated that Prussia has been endeavoring — though also in vain — to obtain tho help of Austria and Franco in au attempt to ' settle the Easter:* question in unison with the interests of Germany.' In Russia ro secret is made of the desire or intention of the ...Government to undo the work of 1856, and, by in uitiug me jvuiuuueuuH wumn Hie dominion oi tne ar, to open up for tho Russian navy a freo way Into the Mediterranean. Tho Vest, the organ of the Russian nobility, has tho following observations on the entry of the Princess Dagmnr into St. Petersburg : — ' The war in which the Danes were impli cated, notwithstanding the gallantry evinced by them, terminated unfavorably for their cause ; bat her new country now offers to Princess . Daginar the most powerful throne in the world. Herself destined to wear the crown of Russia, she is the sister of tho future Queen of England, and of King George of Grooce, While the sovereignty of the most prosperous realm in the universe will one day devolve upon her English brother-in-law, her Greek brother, reigning over a people who are our co-religionists, will, in all probability, establish a great kingdom on the ruins of Mahometan rule. Should Providence will that the Dardanelles are not to become Russian property, we can only wish that they should fall to orthodox Greece and. her King, the brother of our future mistress. Russia, ruling in the Euxine and Baltic, is not in possession of the straits connecting those seas with the ocean. Much fighting may be required to render us masters of the Dardanelles ; but the Sound, the Dardanelles of the North, at any rate, ia in the hands of King Christian, the illustrious father of our own Dagmar. We hope and trust that the family ties uniting the Danish and the Russian dynasties will assist us in attaining these aims, which powerful Russia cannot do otherwise than pursue.' ITALY. Venetia has cast in her lot with United Italy — Mazzini giving this mot d'ordre :— ' A unitary monarchy is to be preferred to a federative republic. Let your vote, therefore, be ' Yes.' ' PRUSSIAN SPOILS. . Hanover, by the pen of its king, and Frankfort, by that of its citizens, have protested against incor poration with Prussia ; but, of course, Prussia has regarded their protests just as much as a boa constrictor regards the squeak of a crushed rabbit. HEALTH OF EUROPE'S WIRE-PULLERS. The French newspapers speak of the continued illness of Count Bismarck, which they describe as a prostration, accompanied by loss of appetite. Private letters so far. confirm this that they talk of an attack of paralysis. 'It is almost impossible to say anything certain as to Louis Napoleon's state. He seems to be made well or ill according to the political proclivities of the reporters. The Indepen dance Beige, no very . trustworthy authority, has set auoat a rumor that tne Jbimperor contemplates paying a ,vi8it this -winter to Algeria, the Empress acting as Regent during his absence. SPAIN IN HER TANTRUMS. The Spanish Government is acting with idiotic audacity. Although the nation is so disgusted with its monarch that outbreaks have again 'become normal incidents in Spanish political life, and it is a. mere question of months, perhaps of weeks, when Queen Isabella is to bo discrowned, those who govern Spain persist in making enemies all round. On the false plea that she was a Chilian privateer, they have seized a British steamer, the Tornado, and treated her crew with great harshness as pri soners of war ; and, in spite of France's urgent ad vice that they should give her up and apologise, and, at any rate, an indirect threat that the British Mediterranean fleet would be sent to Cadiz to claim her, they have resolved not, under any circum stances, to restore her. Moreover, Spain is still bent on humbling, if not revindicating, her Pacific colonies. By the threat ;bf a bombardment, she has made the Moorish Governor of Mazagan give up two Moorish scoundrels who had claimed the pro tection of the Spanish vice-consul, apologise for the exercise of his right in seizing them, and flog the soldiers who had executed his orders ; and, to crown all, it is said that when the French army of protection marches out of Rome, a Spanish army of protection will inarch in. Surely, however, this would be a flight too high for even Spanish arro gance and folly. The Evening Post (evening edition of the Official Vienna Gazette) says : — ' Intelligence has recently been published that the Austrian Government had declined a proposal alleged to' have been addressed to it by the Madrid Cabinet, that Spain and Austria should take common action for the defence of the temporal power of the Pope. With reference to this statement, we must observe that if it is correct that Spain, like all other Catholic powers, is strongly interested in the welfare of the Holy See, and has made that question the subject of certain representa tions, the latter have never assumed the character of formal1 proposals. The Austrian Cabinet could, therefore, have had no occasion to give a reply of any kind to the Spanish Government.' TROUBLES IN HOLLAND. . The usually steady-go'ng kingdom of Holland, blest in latter days tlu-ough having no annals, is in a ferment. Prussia refuses to permit Luxemburg to be eliminated from Germany, and Dutch King and Dutch Parliament have squabbled fiercely over the question of slavery in Java. The Parliament has been dissolved. Should the now one persist in the liberalism of its predecessor, the King is said to have threatened that he will punish it with a coup d'etat. THREATENED IMPEACHMENT OP PRESIDENT JOHNSON. . The principal news from the United States may be very concisely summed up. The Radicals are /.(IVWlllfV olmrtof avnuiT^inM Ii»fn»n 11. ? -A 1.1... TX 11 '^^J^'q w'uuo« CYOywuilg UU1U4U blieill lib 111U J} ILIL elections, and, unwisely elated by their triumph, are menacing the President with impeachment, just when he manifests palpable signs of a readiness to 'cave in ' to their commands. SELF-PKOPOSED ANNEXATION OF A BRITISH COLONY TO THE UNITED STATES. ?The Vancouver's Island Government has an nounced that it intends to petition the home Go vernment to grant the island a responsible Govern ment and a reciprocity treaty with the United States : and should this be refused, the Queen is to be solicited to arrange for the annexation of the colony to the United States. FENIANISM IN EXCELSIS. A London paper, strongly biassed in favor of the United States and Irish Nationalists, thus de scribes the latest Fenian catch : — ' The Fenians in New York have at last accomplished something. They have got hold of what Carlyle might call a reality. Amid all the bluster and noise and non sense, among the Bowery heroes and bar-room chiefs, among the Colonel Robertses and Captain M'Afferty's, appears at last one grim and genuine old warrior, and sadly or ludicrously out of place he looks. A lame and toothless old lion set to play a part in a travelling show could not cut a queerer, more incongruous, more melancholy figure than did the latest hero of American Fenianism at an exhi bition of which accounts have just reached Europe. Tho New York Fenians— or at least that section of them which adheres to Colonel Roberts— had a picnic tho other day— a grand political pionic, not a plea sant purposeless affair of cold game-pie, and sherry, and mere open-air enjoyment such as wo here know by the familiar numo, This was a demonstration to welcome a new' political auxiliary. The picnic was held on Staten Island, and was attended, we learn, by nearly all the prominent members of the Roberts party. There was a brass band playing Irish airs. There was dancing, for tho Fenian sisterhood was well represented there, But these enjoyments wove tho movQ preliminaries of gravo inomontoua business. At four in the afternoon came the grand event. ' A carnage was seen ascending the hill,' and the carriage contained the hero of the day, for so soon as it arrived at the proper place Colonel Roberts introduced to the Fenians and Fenianesses their new auxiliary, General Santa Anna. And the grim, reckless, wily, savage old soldier, revolu tionist and dictator, the man whose career stamped itself for more than thirty years in blood and fire upon the history of his country, got up on the plat form and made a stump oration to the Fenians and Colonel Roberts. We doubt whether history ever did or could produce a more cruelly satirical anti climax.' ' Mr John Mitchell, of Irish rebellion and. Richmond Enquirer notoriety, and till now Fenian envoy or agent in Paris for Ireland, is going back to New York to bring against Head-Centre Stephens grave accusations of having squandered the money of the organisation. THE FAMINE IN INDIA. The telegraphic news from Calcutta is of a melan choly character. One half of the, population of Orissa is supposed to have died of famine, and now cholera is following in the steps of the gaunt destroyer. Fortunately, the prospects of the harvest are favorable. Before this last news came, a meeting was held at the Mansion House to consider the ex pediency of -raising a sum of money for the relief of those suffering from famine in India. Copies of telegrams which had passed between Sir John Lawrence and Lord Cranbome at the India Office were read at the meeting, and were held as a sufficient proof that a subscription at the present time was not necessaiy. At a meeting of the Indian Famine Relief Com mittee, held at the Mansion House, on Monday, a telegram, of date the 15th inst., from Sir John Lawrence to Lord Cranbome, was read, in which the Viceroy expressed his concurrence in the deci sion of a public meeting at Calcutta to appeal to the Lord Mayor for subscriptions in aid of the sufferers —although, there being £40,000 in hand, and more money coming in, the Lieutenant-Govemor of Ben gal had stated that he did not think that aid from England was needed. Sir Jorn further intimated that,' while the distress was, and must for some weeks and until the rice har vest was reaped continue very great, the prospects of the harvest were comparatively favor able. The opinion of the committee was that it was not necessary to open a public subscription in this country. It was stated by the Lord Mayor that the Viceroy had been instructed by the' Indian Secretary to do a very necessary piece of work — to institute a formal inquiry into the conduct of the Bengal officials in their dealings, or rather non dealings, with the distress. It must be said, how ever, that even the Viceroy himself showed a dis appointing want of energy in coping with the emer gency, when, instead of using the resources of the empire at the head of which he is, he t:-legraphed to support a prayer that the Lord Mayor should do the work of the Indian Government. ' TOM BROWN ' ON ' ALTON LOCKE ' TURNED TORY. Mr T. Hughes, M.P., writes thus in a letter to the New York Tribune apropos the Eyre case : — 'The foremost men on the wrong side with us,as yet, are Carlyle, Ruskin, and Kingsley. Our people are calling them renegades, but this is not fair. The only one to whom the name can with even prima facie fairness be given is Kingsley. Carlyle has been a power-worshipper and a despiser of free- dom any time these twenty-five years. Reverence him as one does, and must, there is no denying this. Ruskin has been the captive of Carlyle's bow and spear for the last ten years, or nearly that. He is intensely clear, keen, and narrow ; can never see more than one side, and is as bigoted a hero worshipper. He is fond now of saying, ' I am a King's man, not a mob's man,' including tyrant in his term king, and people in his term mob. But Charles Kingsley had far more real popular sym pathy in him at one time. I remember nearly twenty years ago, at one of a series of meetings of the leaders of our London working men, called by Mr Maurice and a lot of young lawyers and parsons who were working with him. Kingsley made a speech, in which he declared himself a Chartist, and gave his reasons, carrying the whole meeting enthusiastically with him. Three or four years later again, at the time of the first Great Exhibition, I remember his preaching his celebrated sermon on freedom, equality, and brotherhood, in a London pulpit, to which he had been specially invited by the incum bent, who rose up in the reading-desk, scared, and made a protest against the doctrine and the preacher the moment he had finished. After ward he was one of the chief leaders among the Christian Socialists, and wrote constantly in their paper, and a series of tracts, under the nom de plume of Parson Lot. One of his tracts in this series, called ' Cheap Clothes and Nasty,' had a considerable reputation at the time, and deserved it. His early books too — ' The Saint's Tragedy.' ' Yeast,' and ' Alton Locke'' — -had the true liberal ring in them. But, for all that, those who knew him best always said that his sympathies were at the bottom strongly aristocratic ; and so it has proved. He was bred in a school where deference to mere rank was part of the creed. Moreover, his brother Henry, who was out in Australia during Eyre's exploring trips, came home a great admirer of the ex-Governor, and inoculated his big brother before the Jamaica riots occurred ; and, lastly, Kingsley's family owned West India property, and were great losers by emancipation. Taking all this into consideration, I think one may regret very much the prominent part which he has thought fit to take in this matter, without quoting Browning's ' Lost Leader' against him, or ceasing to respect and feel kindly toward a man who has done yeo man's service for the right at one time in his life.' The Poet Laureate, since this letter was written, has subscribed to the defence fund. MORE MONSTER MEETINGS. Reform meetings, densely attended by the work ing-classes, are still the order of the day. At Leeds 80,000 persons assembled, to claim manhood suffrage, on the Woodhouso Moor. At least un equal number assembled on Glasgow-green. At both these meetings Mr Bright was present, speak ing afterwards to smaller audiences under cover. HJonie of his friends are frightened at tho Reform storm he has raised — they think he lias endorsed too democratic demands. Ho seems, however, to thoroughly enjoy the now most momentous agitation. Mil DIHltAELI A RADICAL REFORMER. At Leeds, Mr Forster bespoke a fair hearing for any measure that might be introduced by tho present Government, and hinted that it was not impossibly that Mr Disraeli, like Sir Robovt Peel, might close, his career by sacvi* ficmg his party and producing a ? really liberal bil\ It is quite possible that -Mr Disraeli may end life an he began it, a Radical. Ho is bound to Ms present party by no principle, but no one except Mr Forster thinks such a return to the abjured creed of the youth of the fanners' friend of 1866 very probable. A CHALLENGE, A DEFENCE, AND A DINNER FOR MR LOWE. The committee who managed the Leeds meeting sent the following letter to Mr Lowe :—' Leeds, 2nd October.— Sir,— You are perhaps aware that the working men of West Yorkshire are arranging for a Reform demonstration to be held in Leeds on Mon day next, 8th October. At a meeting of the com mittee of management in Leeds town hal], last even ing, it was unanimously resolved that the right hon. Robert Lowe, M.P. for Came, and the ri«ht hon. Edward Horsman, M.P. for Stroud, should bo invited to Leeds on Monday next, to witness the Reform meeting by the work ing men of the West Riding of Yorkshire. The committee, in passing this resolution, are actuated by a desire that you and Mr Horsman should have ? an opportunity of judging of the cha racter of the working men of West Yorkshire. Ao? cording to present indications, there will be a mus* ter of upwards of 100,000 men next Monday, nearly the whole of whom will be bona fide work people, in the receipt of weekly wages, and who are at pre sent excluded from voting for members of Parlia ment. It is calculated that no less a sum thai* £60,000 or £70,000 will be the cost of this great meeting to those whom you have stated are unfitted and have no desire for the franchise. The commit tee can give you the fullest assurance that you shall have fair and favorable, opportunities of mixing with the unfranchised of this district, and they believe that if you accept this invitation, you will, when the next Reform Bill comes before the House of Com mons, be in a position to speak of the working classes as a body with less bitterness than hitherto has been your custom. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, R. M. Carter, chairman, and Alderman of the borough of Leeds.' I believe Mr Lowe Aid not condescend to take any notice of this- challenge. A JET-PROPELLER GUNBOAT. Mr Ruthven's invention, or rather adaptation from nature, of hydraulic propulsion for ships, has obtained a trial from the Admiralty. They deter mined to test it in the Waterwitch gunboat. She left Woolwich for Tilbury, where the Admiralty officials appointed to watch and report upon the trinl were to join her, at 8.30 a.m., in charge of staff commander Dillon, her Majesty's ship Fisgard, her draught of water being 9 ft. 8 in. forward 'and 9 ft. 10 in. aft, the lower lips of the nozzle pipes dis charging the water on the outside of the vessel being 8 in. below the water-line. The engines worked _ almost noiselessly and with n beautifrl uniformity of action as their throe connecting rods whirled round the immense water-wheel up to o9 revolutions per minute, that being the maximum rate at which it was attempted to drive them between Woolwich and Tilbury. The measured mile in Long Reach was passed at 9.30 a.m. in 6 minutes and twenty seconds, the speed of the ship being 9.474 knots, with the revolutions of the engines n\, 39 ; the pressure of steam, 17 lb ; and the vnoiiuni, 27 in. Tilbury was reached at 13 minutes past 10, the time from Woolwich having beon 1 hour ard 43 minutes. So far, the amount of success ol - tained was, without doubt, greater than had been anticipated, and was a favorable omen of the results of the day's trial. In running past the mile in Long Reach the tide was at high water, slack. The vessel was steamed down the river as far as Southend, when, everything having proved to be of the most satisfactory nature, the course was re versed and laid up the river again, until the Admi ralty measured mile in the Lower Hope was reach.ee1, when two- runs were made with the conditions and results annexed:— 1st Run — A half-knot tide against the ship. Wind, force of 3 on port bow ; time on the mile, 7 min.. 15 sec. ; speed of ship, 8.276 knots ; revolutions of engine, 41 ; steam pressure, 241b ; vacuum, 27 inches. 2nd Run— Tide, half a knot in ship's favor; wind, nil; time on tho mile, 6 min. 17 sec. ; speed of ship, 9.549 knots ; revolutions of engines, 42 ; steam pressure, 251b ; vacuum, 26m. ; mean speed of the ship in the two runs, 8.912 lenots. This very agreeablo result, it is but fair to say, is as much due to the unusual excellence of tho ship's engines as to the many acknowledged good qualities of tho hydraulic system of propul sion. The vessel, with slightly more favorable con-' ditions, which can readily be given hex, will cer tainly make a full half-knot in addition 'to her present rate, and this half -knot may D,e'iriqre.as'ed Ijj a full three-quarters if she is s,qrii to Bqrts,mesnth to complete her trials under, ^hp same' conditions as are pursued with all other of her Majesty's ships on the Stokes' Bay mile. SOCIAL SCIENCE ASSOCIATION. The Social Science Association has held its tenth annual congress at Manchester, under the presi dency of the Earl of Shaftesbury, who, in hia 'inaugural address' ranged over all the wide variety of social and economical questions with which the association concerns itself — the review being prefaced by a vindication of the rafjjpi d%tr& and of the effective influence of the ijssoeiatiqiu' The best means of preventing infan^dg,' (he/ ad'-' vance and advantages of popu^a^. education',' the benefit of the half-time sys.*c,m as an a,\\-\ tfl ihp educative efforts of the SfatPi the abusos and ovils attending the employment of girls in brick-fields, the difficulties in tho way of educating children in tho agricultural districts, the urgent need that exists for the remedy of the mischiefs arising from overcrowding in tho dwellings of the workiu' classes and the poor, the peaceful state of our foroign relations, the lesson of the Atlantic cable, the desirableness of larger sympathy with and more liberal hospitality towards our colonial, and parti cularly our Indian fellow-subjects, when they visit our shores, the greatness of the power and goodness of the heart of the press, the call for effort and consideration in removing the inanv abuses and preventing the much suffering thnt attend the employments of women and children ? all in turn engaged the attention of the noble Earl ; who concluded with an ardent appeal to his hearers to oboy ' the law of kindness and love, a law rich in promise, joyous in operation, and certain as truth itself.' NEW PLAYS AND PLAYHOUSE. Mr Henry Thorton Craven, who, I believe, was for several years favorably known in Australia as au actor, and who since his return to England has obtained considerable reputation as an original playwrigV.t, whilst most compatriot members of the craft content themselves with adaptations from the French, by his ' Chimney Corner,' ' Post Boy1' and ' Milky- White,' has just brought out, at the .new Royalty Theatre, a new piece, entitled ' Meg's Diversion,' -which, without the slightest aid from claqueurs, has been crowned with the most unequivocal success. The author of another new piece, 'Ethel,' produced the other night at the Adelphi, was not so fortunate on its first represen tation. At least, half the house most heartily hissed his play. It scarcely merited so severe a fate, being a good deal more clever, and not moro immoral, than sundty other pieces 'which have recently escaped censure; but all parts of the house chose to take objection to its ethics, and the gallery, more over, was additionally incensed by an anti-popular reference to the Hyde-park riots, which a young actress, not content with speaking no more than was set down for her, most injudiciously took it upon her self to 'gag.' The fact of a London audience having for once re-asserted its old often-exercised right of expressing its ' own ? opinion of a play, without waiting for tie verdict, rarely, a vcre dictum of press critics, is looked upon asaporten ? tous sign of the times in dramatic circles. . At Drury Lane Mr Bayle Bernard has brought out a new adaptation of ' Faust,' or rather of Goethe's poem phis- its previous adaptations- to the stage. He has worked as ? much of the original master* piece's wording as he could make available for play-acting purposes into his reproduction, and, the management having spared no expense on scenic effects, some of which are very striking, the now ?pieco appeals forcibly and successfully both to the cultured and uncultured sections of play-goers. A handsome new theatre has been' opened, to bumper houses, in Holbom, through the enterprise of Mr Sefton Parry, formerly manager of the re suscitated Greenwich Theatre.. ,:' A THEATRE BoRNT DOWN. ' Last Sunday morning the . Standard 'theatre, Shoreditch, was discovered to be on fire, and in the course of an hour or two it was almost totally destroyed. A new burlesque on ' Der Freischutz' had been produced the night before. The incanta tion scene had been got up in very sensational style, and it is conjectui-ed that some of the combustibles effected a concealed lodgment either amongst the scenery or in some fissures of the boards, and lay smouldering until after the closing of the house, which took place about midnight, everything at that time appearing to be in perfect safety. FREE THINKERS IN A FIX. When professors can hold their chairs even in Scottish universities without subscribing to the national ' standards ' of belief, it seems strange that in University College, London, hitherto famed for the wide door it opened to ' Jews, Turks, and In fidels ' ' I mention the fact not sneeringly, but respectfully), ' religious disabilities' should be revived. So-, however, it seems they are. The council of the college are just now in a difficulty as to a successor for the chair of mental' philosophy and logic to the Eev. Dr. Hoppus. Among the candidates is the Eev. James Martineau ; and the senate of the college have unanimously recom mended him as the best qualified of the candidates. It is stated, however, that the council arc unwilling to confer the chair on one so prominently known as a Unitarian. THE CESAREWITCH AND CAMBRIDGESHIRE. On the ninth of this month Newmarket Heath was covered with a crowd far larger than that well ?trodden ground had ever bomc before. Twenty -five jockeys were weighed out for the great race of the day, which was won by Lecturer, out of Algebra by Co.sterdale. The popular colors of Baron Rothschild were carried by Lothario, who was always well in front — indeed, on approaching the dip, shouts wore raised proclaiming his victory ; but, in the dip, Lec turer (with whom the Marquis of Hastings, it is said, stood to win £100,000) Loaded the Baron's horse,- and won after a game' finish by half a length from Lothario, who defeated Proserpine a head only for second place. The excitement was something immense, and the Marquis and Marchioness wore overwhelmed with congratulations. CoantLagrange's La Faverite came in last but one. A selling race intervened, after which the race for the Olearwell Stakes, which proved to be one of the most exciting races of the day, took place. Nine animals, includ ing Lord Lyons's flying sister, Achievement, Plaudit, Pericles, and six others, went to the post. Gdds were freely laid on Achievement, hat, despite the vigorous riding of distance, -who called resolutely upon the filly at the finish, she was beaten literally in the last stride by a head by Plaudit, who was im mediately afterwards backed for the Derby. The defeat of the hitherto invincible Achievement created a great sensation on the heath, and formed tho most prominent feature of this Cesarewitch day. Mr S. Thellusson's Actaca, out of a field of twenty-eight, was the winner of the Cambridgeshire— another victory for Stockwell blood. TWO SCOTCH ITEMS. Lord Archibald Campbell, second son of tho Duke of Argyll, is .to become a nine merchant. If the Ji3ws reaches Hades, Helen Macgi'egor's ghost will be in a fine fury. A wholesale forgery of Union Bank notes has been perpetrated in Glasgow, but the utterers were arrested at Dalkeith before they had been able to pass more than one hundred and fifty of them. IRISH ITEMS. The Queen's University, beneficently intended by tho late Sir Robert Peel to bo a healer of Irish strife, bids fair, through tho mismanagement of the late Government, to uso the mildest term, to become a renewer of very rancorous Irish contention. ' The . senate of the Queen's University, by a majority of 11 to 9, had accepted the altered charter proposed for the University by the late Government, on the instigation of a portion of the Roman Catholic clergy, as distinct from the Roman Catholic laity. The effect of this vote — if it is effective in law, of which happily some doubt remains — will be to put all sorts of sectarian institutions on the same footing as the Queen's Colleges, and si to withdraw the favor which the State has hitherto shown to mixed or national over sectarian or ecclesi astical education. The vote in the senate has been brought about by the addition of several new mem bers, the object of whose creation twas so to vote ; and by party and clerical pressure inducing some members of tho senate to vote inconsistently with their opinions and former acts, and others to stay away. All the presidents of the colleges voted against the change ; all the Roman Catholics, ex cept Sir II. Kane, voted in favor of it ; as did also Mr Gibson, tho representative of tho Presbyterians. This last incident requires explanation, and some thing more than explanation, considering that tho General Assembly of the Irish Presbyterians strongly condemned the change for which their re presentative has now voted. A legal question has been raised, whethei the senate caa accept any alteration on, tho charter without the assent of tho graduates, aud thore appears to bo a fair chance that on this ground the evil maybe stayed. The acceptance by the senate of the supplemental charter was loudly and generally hissed at the meet ing for conferring degrees, and the reference to the subject in the ex-Lord Chancellor of Ireland's speech was very unfavorably received. ? ' The election of a senator aftorded the rival par ties of convocation an opportunity of testing then strength, and the opponents of the charter carried their point by nearly two to one, Like Irishmen, the contending parties waxed warni over the ques tion, and there wore some lively, and, to mere', lookers-on, amusing scenes. The supporters of the new charter ultimately took offence, left the . Castle, and avoided the . defeat which almost cer tainly awaited them. Ultimately the rejection of the charter was earned nem. dis. ; but this point is the less important as two most distinguished members of the Irish bar have given it as their opinion that the charter, accepted or not, is a nullity, and that tho senate may be restrained from granting degrees to any persons not qualified under the old charter. According to the Cork Beporter, 'The present Government will probably cut this Gor&ian; knot by giving the Catholic University an independent charter for itself. Mr Disraeli, at least, is in favor of the concession. A Conservative contemporary states that a charter, on the model of the Univer sity of Laval (Quebec), is about to be granted to the Catholic University of Ireland.' 