TELEGRAPHIC. (FROM OUR TELEGRAPHIC CORRESPONDENTS.) IPSWICH. , February S. JOHN SMITH, better known as HUSBAND Jack, was drowned this morning, whilst attempting to swim ashore from the Settler, steamer, at the One-mile and-a- half Rocks. His body was recovered and brought to town. The deceased has left a wife and five children. Trade is quiet, and the weather is very pleasant. ' ., X. 1 ROCKHAMPTON. 1 February 6. The man Wrench, alias Cummings, was brought up to-day, at the Police Court, on the charge of robbing Mr. Slater of certain articles of jewellery, and was further remanded. All the retiring aldermen have consented to stand for re-election with the exception of Mr. Livermore, who has resigned on the ground of ill-health. SYDNEY. February S. The revenue for the past month exhibits an increase of thirty-three per cent. The same remark does not apply to gold, in which there is a decrease of twenty-seven per cent., a fact attributable to long drought, and want of water for mining operations. The Southern mail has been robbed again, near Cooma. The Marmion has brought one thousand tons of Californian breadstuffs! Mr. Parkes has been returned unopposed. Mr. Isaacs, at Yass, and Mr. Wilson, at Singleton, are both opposed, but obtained a show of hands at the nomination. A poll was demanded. Maize is easier. Flour has been quoted at nominal prices. MELBOURNE. February 6. The Hon. W. C. Haines, ex-Colonial Secretary, died on Saturday.] The hon. gentleman has been ill for some time past, but his friends were in hopes that he would recover. He was one of the earliest members of the Parliament of Victoria. There is a tendency in the flour market towards lower prices. The traveller has sailed for Brisbane. THE adjourned meeting of operative painters took place last evening at the Sportsman's Arms. The object of this meeting was to consider the propriety of procuring a banner to celebrate the Eight Hours' Movement. Mr. Miles was voted to the chair, and delivered an reforesting address, explanatory of the benefits to be derived from the formation of an association of painters and glaziers, similar to those which had already been established by other trades. He also advocated the desirability of procuring a banner to represent the trade at the Eight-hours' demonstration on the 1st of March. After much discussion the meeting adjourned to Wednesday evening next, without coming to any definite decision. A uri", under the influence of liquor, fell into the river at the Q.S.N. Company's wharf yesterday forenoon. Though a good swimmer, his exertions to get out of the water nora un- successfully but constable Walsh, who happened to be on the spot, procured a boat and rescued the man. He was much exhausted, and insensible for a short time after being landed. When he recovered, two of his friends took him away. WE are glad to find that the gentlemen who have been appointed Commissioners in Queensland in connection with the Intercolonial Exhibition, which will be held during the pre- sent year, have already taken active steps to practically carry out the suggestions made by us a few days ago ; namely, to have a local exhibition of the articles to be eventually forwarded to Melbourne We quote the following from an advertisement which appears in another column, and trust the object of the Commissioners will be carried out a-" Medals will be awarded in all the various classes of exhibits, and these latter will be carefully re- packed and forwarded to Melbourne, so as to reach their destination by the time prescribed by the Melbourne Commission viz., from the 1st to the 21st July." We may mention that no articles will be received for exhibition in Brisbane after April 25 proximo. We had the pleasure, yesterday, of seeing the plan which has been accepted of a Congregational church, shortly to be erected in Wharf Street. It is prepared by Mr. W. H. Chambers, and excels, if possible, his previous skilful efforts. The style of the building is the Nor- man-Gothic of the old school. It will be remembered that Mr. Chambers' plan for a new church for the Church of England denomina- tion, was also Norinnn-oothic, but modernized. The present design, however, is according to the style in vogue in Normandy many years ago, and presents a more substantial and imposing appearance, and is, in the opinion of many, more peculiarly adapted to church architecture than that which is usurp- ing its place. The church to which we refer will be built of stone. Its dimensions inside will be sixty-five feet by forty-five and the height of the walls, twenty-four feet. It is estimated that it will be capable of accommodating five hundred persons. It will have a tower sixty feet high, The windows will be fitted with patent ventilators j and the roof, which will be open, will be constructed of stained wood. The back wall will be so built that it Wyley be capable of removal, if more accommodation is found to be requisite When such extension is made and a gallery erected the church will seat eight hundred persons. 810 probable cost of the building is £2300. It will stand at the intersection of Wharf and Adelaide streets, there being two entrances from the former and one from the latter street. When it is completed it will be a great improvement to the city, and it will possess an additional advantage from the fact that there is no other building of a similar style in the colony. ANTIOCH the Inspector of Nuisances appears to have no power, and the police no inclination, to cause the removal of abuses calculated to injure tbehcalthoftho community, it is as well to point them out at intervals, in the hope that, one day or another, " something may turn up." For foul smells of every description, we believe that Petrie Terrace has hitherto borne off the palm ; but Leichhardt-street appears determined to compete with it. Front one of the but cher' shops in that street there exudes, at the present time, the most noxious odour. Considering the crowded state of the houses in the street, and the intensely hot weather which we are now experiencing, it would perhaps be advisable if some one connected with our" expensive" Municipality, or our police establishment, would make an effort to have this nuisance abolished. THE usual monthly meeting of the City Volunteer Fire Brigade was held at the Town Hall yesterday evening. The superintendent was in the chair. Seven new members were elected, and the resignations of two were accepted. A motion was carried to the effect that is. per month be paid by the members for the purpose of forming a reserve fund. The object of this fund is to afford pecuniary relief to members suffering from accident incurred while on duty 5 or to provide funeral expenses for a member, or assistance to his widow, or orphans (if any) should death be caused in carrying out his duty. A committee was appointed to frame a code of rules for the regulation of this fund. During the evening a letter was read from Messrs. Merryweather and Sons, enclosing plans of steam engines. Green BUsheS" and " My Husband's Ghost" were repeated at the Victoria Theatre last night to an average house, The performances this evening are for the especial benefit of the stage manager, Mr. J. H. Vinson. It is superfluous to say anything to induce the lovers of the drama to patronise the entertainment on his account, because he is a favorite with the Brisbane public. The bill issued is an excellent one j the principal piece being Bulwer Lytton's play of "Richelieu." Mr. Vinson will appear as Cardinal Duc de Richelieu ; runs in representing that character will have an opportunity of displaying the talent he is known to possess, During the present season, his abilities have been somewhat thrown in the shade, for he has not played more than one or two parts which were really in his Uno. Mr. Rogers undertakes the character of Joseph, and Miss Kate Warde that of Julie de Mortimer. Next on the bill is a hornpipe, to be danced by Miss Louise Arnot. The afterpiece will be the " Conjugal Lesson," in which Miss' Kate Warde and Mr. Rogers are to appear. j 