THE CROAKERS: OB, GEOHGE IV THE MUD! i (Picked up by " Perleeceman " YZ in Townsend Street the morning alter the late Separation Meeting.) As Geoige toddled home one night in the dark Dreaming of Separation, Telling himself how his little game Would benefit all creation; Getting excited, he swore be would Cause even the frogs to sing dumb, He would tell them how Cotton had been King, And that Wool should be a Kingdom. He said if they—the frogs I mean- Would only listen to him, He'd dam up the Murray, and then he'd be a— If they would'nt have room to swimi His fiery eloquence took them quite, And they swore to a man to follow Through thick and thin, to go in and win, •With the author of" Sleepy Hollow." By the power of the frogs and the " Border PoBt," He would alter affairs diurnal, He'd burn the " Banner," and then the " Ghost, Would become the leading journal. The enemies of the " Ghost" might hoot j He'd consign them all to Lucifer, Though the devil should shake his cloven foot At the Moraiug-side Philosopher I But dreams of the future and thoughts of the past Kept George's brain in a muddle, Which caused him to follow his noBe BO la6t That he fell in the Riverine puddle. Tou would have beheld his sad condition With pity ; as fast in the mud, Of his very'much blighted 6elf-ambition. lie lay savagely chewing the cud. But the frogs still swore allegiance, Still followed through thin and thick, Croaking they knew by the length of his beard He would prove a regular brick. And as in the mire he wallows, And as on all fours he delves, Looking so like a gigantic frog - They lake him for one of themselves. And they were determined, every one, For so say some of the jokers, If he bad'nt come from a dirty spawn To have crowned him King of the Croakers. But the neighbors came and found him Stuck in the mud as fast, As ever yet a cobbler „ In a boot had got his last. Crestfallen George cries, " Friends, hear mc j I'm stuck ! so I propose, If you land me on terra jirma, To shout a dozen goes. Last, night, os I toddled homeward, My vision became befogged, And here cruel fate has placed me ; So you see a great man bogged." B at a genuine Pallander, A gent in the business line, Sai ; —which raised poor Georee's dander — 1 1 Tour spouting is all very fine; But if vie ag'ee to pull you out, 'Sure (m cry one, as I know For the dozen goes you'll never shout, Because you've not got ihc rhino ; But in o case like this, methinks, Perhaps you might, arrange For ten or a dozen Eixpeuny drinks By an order on the Exchange. For when not possessed of the ready, • The pqiiBlters'tool can boast Of keeping a frien I at tile corner, • By puffing up "MineHost." So I propose an amendment To the following effect. Which, after deliberation, I'm sure you will find correct; That we now form a committer, And, if he be likely to smother, That we shall then officially Seud a note of the fact to his mother." The amendment was put and carried, The hands held up were a bott, Though a record of the proceedings Never appeared ill the " Ghost." When Ihp move how George was diddled \- Was laid before his vinw. He S:iw quit? clear he had fiddled, And paid-tbe piper too. In wild despair, he snuffed the air While he danced the twopenny jig, And the hair of his head stood up like tint On the back of a fighting pig. But now the Philosopher's dream is o'er, The croakers Bre thoroughly bsaten. While all the soft goods in that "grosserr stoar" Are not likely to be Mott'h-eaten. But let him enjoy his puny spite, His tricks were nipped iu the bud, Ajd we'll often think of that merry night When George was stuck in the mud f ASMODEUS. 