THE SETTLEMENT IN NORTH AUSTRALIA. It is believed that the Northern Territory will have to be abandoned and that the Govern' nent will have to pay back the £80,000 which they received from the purchasers of land. The surveys which were promised have not been made, and there are not now sufficient funds to enable them to be made. It would be impossible therefore for the Government to carry out their part of the agreement without a vote of money from the Parliament, and we well know that such a vote would be flatly refused if asked for. Under no cir cumstances probably would the Assembly agree to spend money on North Australia except in the extreme case of having to fetch back men whose lives might be lost without this assistance. But at present such assistance can be given out of the Northern Territory Fund. There is about £20,000 left, and a portion of this will probably be used at once for bringing back the whole of the party now wasting their time at Escape Cliffs. The Government have not definitely an nounced that such is the course which they will adopt ; but we see no other way out of the difficulty. They must bring the men back whilst there is money enough, and then they must make their arrangements with the pur chasers of land orders. One thing is certain, they dare not repudiate the claim of those purchasers ; and we are sure they will not try to do so. But it has been suggested that the holders of orders shall be offered land in South Australia instead of land in North Australia. This, however, is an arrangement that could not bo forced upon purchasers. If they chose to accept it well and good ; but if they did not, the Government would be bound to repay the money. We are sure the law officers of the Crown would decide that such was the law, and we do not believe the Govern ment would be able to defend itself for one moment against an action where a claim might be made for tho money or tho Northern Terri lory land as per agreement. Take the cue, for instance, of the English purchasers who come forward and contributed one-half the fund on the agreement that a new colony was to be established on the northern coast, and that that fund was to be used for putting them in pos session as owners of a large portion of the ter ritory. The inducement clearly was that they were to have a ehare in this infant colony — a colony that was likely to be a new field for enterprise and capital. On what ground, then, could we now justly call upon those purchasers to take land in South Australia ? They might reasonably reply that they had no wish to expend their money in this way ; that allotments in tho Murray Scrub or some other such favoured locality would be of no uso to them ; and that what they wanted was a fair performance of the contract entered into with the Government. In fact they have bought land in North Australia, and to offer them land in South Australia would be as wide of the agreement as it would be for an agent who had sold an acre on North-terrace to tell the purchaser that he must take an acre on South-terrace. Tho first step, however, is to recall the expedition. The total failure of our Northern Territory scheme is acknowledged, and there ia no alternative but to wind up the affair without delay. Wise people, of course, saw this from the beginning. But after all there was nothing extravagant in the expectation of founding a settlement in North Australia, supposing there had been suitable persons to undertake the work. As a proof of this, see what the Queens land people have done. They have pushed out to the Plains of Promise ; they have their flocks and herds on the Albert River, and their settlements at Burke Town, on tho Gulf of Carpentaria. Whilst wo have been adjusting tho quartels of Government officers, they have taken up land and begun to develop the resources of the country. They havo proved that cattle and sheep thrive and multiply in tropical Australia, and that Europeans can live there without injuring their health. But we have done no good at Adam Bay. Too much was attempted in tho shape of forming a Government establishment. The work was not in tho hands of bona fide settlers, or it might possibly havo turned out well ; for at this very moment— whilst we aro preparing to abandon North Australia — the Gulf of Carpentaria is being successfully occupied. Ono cause of the failure, apart from inju dicious appointments, is that no interest has been shown in the undertaking by persons in England. They bought the land, and have been waiting to see it become valuable. They have shown no inclination to provide labour for the colony, or to take any steps towards its settlement. This must necessarily have had a discouraging effect upon the men who were sent to survey the country and to do tho preliminary work of colonizing it. The feeling that they were isolated, and that the world took no more interest in the settlement than in a fishing station on tho coast of Labrador, must have made their work irksome aud unprofitable. It was hoped when the expedition started more than two years ago that it would soon be backed up by private expeditions either from England, from the Straits settlements, or from the Australian Colonies. It was seen that settlers and labourers would be wanted, and it was expected that people who had bought land would tako some steps for the introduction of Chinamen and coolies. But not o vessel has been seen in or near Adam Bay except those sent from South Australia. Other countries have taken no interest in tho undertaking, and it now comes to an ignominious end. The Government will no doubt state their views on this subject without delay. If they are yet able to survey the land which they have sold, purchasers will have no cause of complaint against them; but until they have done this it is clear they are liable for the money they have taken. They will therefore have to repay this sooner or later, nnless, indeed, they can sug gest some compromise that would suit all parties, such as giving land elsewhere, or offer ing one half the purchase-money as an alterna tive to another attempt at completing the survey where they hare commenced it at Adam Bay. Mr. McKinlay's diary is now published in full, but it contains little of interest. His journey to the East Alligator was a scries of stoppages caused by the flooded state of the country, which knocked up men and horses. The latter, too, suffered severely from some kind of poison plant. At the East Alligator they were in such a low state, and the country was so bad, that there was no chance of the party bcteg able to get to the Liverpool over land, so Mr. McKinlay took the river with the hope that it would carry him to new country on the east side of the Coburg Peninsula, whereas it flowed into Van Diemen's Gulf, on the west side, and thus took him back to the place which he started from five months before. The Public Finances.— A long discussion took place in the Assembly yesterday on the Estimates. Mr Colton blamed the Govern ment for not adopting a comprehensive scheme of borrowing a large amount of English capital for the construction of tramways. Mr. Rey nolds followed, and made a moderate and useful speech. He disapproved altogether of the idea of the Government issuing notes, and believed that the Banks had less capital in the colony than thry ought to have. He felt quite certain that the existing commercial depression would not last long, but that in the meantime everybody ought to exercise forbearance. The Chief Secre tary, in reply to Mr. Strangeways, stated that the current revenue was sufficient for the ex penditure on public works, and that the Government had no necessity to press the Banks for the balances deposited in their hands. The money, in fact, is not wanted at present, so that all the suggestions for the issuing of Government paper to prevent the withdrawal of that money are uncalled for. Highway Robbery Under Arms.- About 20 minutes past 8 o'clock on Tuesday evening a youth named Richard Appledore, aged 16, residing in Sturt- street, accompanied by a young man named Charles Ide, aged 20, who resides in Pulteney-street, was proceeding through the opening next to Mr. T. Murphy's, the stationer, in Rundle-street, with a view of taking a short cut into Tavistock-street towards the Exhibition Building, when a man, dressed in a black hat and a dark inverness cape, suddenly rushed out from behind a dray, and, presenting a pistol, called upon both to stand, demanding their money, and saying he was Captain Thunderbolt. Ide said he had no money; but Thunderbolt, seeing he had a watch-chain, took from him the silver watch attached to it. Meanwhile Appledore had turned round, and was running into Rundle-street, which being observed by Thunderbolt, he at once fired at Appledore. the shot penetrating through his coat, waistcoat, trousers, leather belt, and shirt, into his hip to the depth of about half an inch. Appledore just as he was shot met a man and told him of it, who immediately gave chase in the direction the villain had taken (down Tavistock-street towards North- terrace). Other persons, including the constable on the beat, who also heard the shot, at once made to the spot and joined in the chase. Ide had by this time rejoined his companion Appledore, whom he took over the way to Dr. Moore, the Colonial Surgeon. That gentleman happening to be at home at once examined the wound, but was unable to discover the bullet. As the wound had only the appearance of an ordinary flesh wound he thought the bullet must have entered it with the clothes and dropped out again. Appledore beginning to feel faint, Dr. Moore had him conveyed home in a cab. During Tuesday evening the event was the principal topic of conversation throughout the city, and all branches of the police force were astir to arrest the footpad. Up to midnight Thunderbolt had not been taken. Anothkk Attempt at Highway Robbery.— Mr. Edward Cox, saddler, living nsar the White Conduit House, in North-street, reports that on Tuesday evening, about a quarter past 10 o'clock, he was met in Whitmore-Square, opposite St. Luke's Church, by a man dressed in dark clothes and hat, who told him to stand, and prcsenud at pistol at him. He then Eeized hold of Mr. Cox's coat and snapped the pistol at him, bit it luckily missed fire. Mr. Cox ran north, towards 'Wright- street, the robber following him about 100 yards, after which no more -ras seen of him. Both the Acting Commissioner, Mr. Hamilton, and In spector Peterswald were at their offices till after midnight giving directions to the force. The Atteuiied Highway Kouueuy at Hind SfAKSH.— The police have arrcstei! George Goodall, who is described as a shoemaker, on the charge of feloniously assaulting with attempt to rob George Lewis at or near the Ilimlmarsh Bridge on Satur day evening last, September 25). Goodall will be brought before Mr. Bcddonie this morning. The Northern Territory.— We believe the Government have requested the law officers to report on the liability of the colony to persons who have purchased land in the Northern Territory. It is necessary to understand first of all what are the legal obligations which the colony is under to those whose money they have received and spent. When that is once determined, the duty of the Government and of the Parliament will be plain. THE CIVIL SITTINGS.-The Supreme Court was occupied on Tuesday morning by a case of more than usual interest, being a suit by Mr. Archibald Macdonald, of Kyneton, Victoria, against Mr. H. L. Galbraith, on an overdue bill of exchange. A legal argument arose at an early stage, which resulted in His Honor refusing to admit the evi- dence the defendant proposed to offer on the ground that it rested upon a partnership transac- tion, and he directed the Jury to find a verdict for the plaintiff for the amount of the bill. The Jury, however, which was a special one, Mr. W. J. Crawford being foreman, retired for a short time, and found for the defendant. The only other case taken was Dean v. Long, which resulted in a verdict for the plaintiff for £50. Insolvency Court.— In the Insolvency Court on Tuesday the cases of C. H. Richter, of Greenock, wheelwright, and E. Krutli, formerly of Gawler, storekeeper, were adjourned ; and in that of I. Guley no business was transacted. The accountant's report was read in the matter of Joseph Elliott, of Norwood, storekeeper, who was examined, and charged under the Act. In re H. H Chandler, of Undalya, licensed victualler, a second-class certificate, to be suspended for six months, was granted to the insolvent. Central Road Board.— The ordinary meeting of the Central Road Board took place on Tuesday, October 2, when a considerable quantity ef corre spondence was attended to. A large deputation waited on the Board, with a view of obtaining the Board's recommendation to an application to Par liament for a special vote to complete the Main Eastern-road; but the Board considered it inad visable to give such recommendation. The ques tion respecting the Kapunda and Truro road was adjourned for a fortnight. The usual reports of the Surveyors were received and adopted. The Aldinga.— The steamer Aldinga will leave for Melbourne this afternoon with the following passengers:— Mr. Von Deldeu (Chairman of the Chamber of Commerce, Batavia), son, and ser vant, Messrs. T. Mitchell (Mayor of Gawler), Booker, Kingk, T. B. Meigs, S. R. Hall, John Haimes, G. Bennett, and Pritchard, Mr. and Mrs. W. Magarey, Mr. and Mrs. L. Barnard, Mr. and Mrs. E. Marks and servant, and Miss Owston. Sufferers by the War in Germany.— It will be seen by an advertisement in our business columns that an appeal is made by some of oui most influential German colonists ou behalf of the sufferers by the war in Germany, we hope this appeal will be liberally responded to. It is not to benefit the sufferers in one nation more than another, but whatever funds arc collected will be applied to the alleviation of distress in any of the rival countries. The Germans of South Australia have never been slow to render assistance to bene volent schemes for local objects, and we have no doubt our fellow-colonists will now assist them in their philanthropic effort to alleviate the distress of their fellow-countrymen in fatherland. The Ghost.— Professor Pepper, the inventor of the Protean cabinet, and several other equally extraordinary illusions, has succeeded not only in summoning spirits from the vasty deep (or some other place of worship), but in compelling the shadowy phantasms to obey his behests. Several of these mysterious personages will be exhibited this evening by the Alexander Brothers in the Town Hall. Tns Lancashire BELtBrKGERS.— There was but a moderate attendance at White's Rooms last night, although the Bellringers had provided a good programme. The music of the bells was as sweet and effective as ever. Miss Chalker sang with her usual taste, and Mr. R. B. White executed with ma'.ked ability on the violin De Beriot's fifth and sixth airs, and was encored in the latter. Mr. White is already a 'violinist of no mean ability, and with industry and diligence he ought to take a good position in his profession. The marked applause which he received was well deserved. We hardly know what to say of the performances of Mis3 A. E. Molteno. We have a very decided opinion that it is a great mistake to bring her before the public so early. If her life should be spared she will probably become an accomplished musician, but at present there is nothing in her nerformauce-except that it is done by a child of tender ycars-to justify her appearance in public. It is iea)ly pitiable to see an interesting child, who oucht to be in bed at an early hour, set up to exhibit her musical acquirements before an audience, and a grave responsibility rests upon those who nut her forward. Tub Payneham District SEPABATiosr Scheme. —A meeting of ratepayers of the Payneham District «as held at the Glynde Inn on Tuesday evening to receive the replies from Government with respect to the memorial and counterme morial on the district division. A report will be found in another column. The Rev. S. Annear.— This evening a lecture will be delivered by the Eev. S. Annear, of Victoria, in the Methodist New Connexion Church, Franklin-streot. Subject— 'Reminiscences of life and Travels in Western Australia.' 