COMMON SCHOOL EDUCATION. To the Editor of The HetaUl. Sir, — Some few days ago a correspondent under the stylo of " Pliiio- Aristidcs" inquired through your columns why the true " Aristldcs" did not come forward to expose the Ignorance and spleen of a writer upon common school cduca- ii'ju, wiiu jd u contemporary, uuuer iuu uaiuu ui "Aristidcs," is pouring forth his narrow ex periences, gathered In an ill-conditioned Geclong school. Aly answer is — first, because no reader who hod perused the emanations from the " Arivtiiles" pen in past time could possibly mistake tho Geelong twaddle for a pro duction of the same pen ; aud secondly, bicausc like many others I have been patiently waiting for the "good timo coming," when a Royal Commission is to take evidence for tbe hundredth time, mako its usual report, create lue consequent storm in a teapot, and tnrow public education into new confusion; and having dono all this, with sweating zeal and pcrse- Teranco, subside again unnoticed and unrc- gretted, after having accomplished the glorious feat of retarding publie instruction for n time and of stunting its healthy growth for an Indefi nite period. As, however, the Royal Commis sion is 09 yet only an iatontion, so many of which are annually required for the pavc- aent of a place unmentionable, no ad vantage would be gained by waiting any longer until this intention dovc-lopes into reality. I therefore propose, with your permission, to lay before your readers some of tho results which a fair trial of the present system of education has produced ; the modifications nnd Improvements which experience has suggested ; to what extent the publie lins profited or lest by the introduc tion of tho system ; how far tho system has been successful or otherwise, nnd how far it has ful filled the prognostics of its foster parents ; where failure is discernible, en whom the responsibilily ol failure must rest. In doing this, I undertake so mean or recreative task; It is work — hard work— to be performed without, if pos sible, offending nny one. Still, to avoid offending some in a discussion of the sort is next to im possible. Tlio " Ministry of the hour " must bespoken of with caution and abated breath, If tbo writer may enjoy tlio Dill nnd Georgo hos pitality ; u10 Board of Education must he re spected ; local committees must be reverenced end pitied ; teaebordom must bo treated with consideration — nil with impartiality. To comprehend the stoto of tbe education question at the present moment, it will be ne cessary to take a brief glnnco at tin condition in we pre-ttcales' period, when two rival systems 'ought with the reputed energy (if Kilkenny f"<8T Each systom had its staff, its depart- A-vt and its missionaries. Tho ouo .represented e state of things In harmony witli the Christian belief, in accordance with the instincts of the great majority of parents, and in consonance With the practice and precept of mother England or centuries. This was the system known as be denominational. The other was a system which pretentiously arrogated to itself the title of national — Its chief recommendation being, that tho religious instruction of pupils was a btag to be snullVd out and put down. Roveln- lon and tho truths of Christianity, were, so to peak, very inconvenient subjects iu mixed schools ; they wero not desirable accessories ® the pnblie school curriculum, and so 'y were to bo shouldered and jostled nati > "8 "fihcolreom that styled itself ontd, j>n Christianity nnd ReveUvio; are treated this moment In n precisely similar manner in China and Japan. Religion was nil very capital in its way Bai l the apostles ot tills system, but it was not suited for the children oi the poor, for whom national schools were alone established It is true they did not put their arguments Into so many words, but this was tho riniplo and only inference which could be reasonably drawn from tbo conduct and professions of those who had to do with the woiking of national schools. "I never allow a prayer to be said In this building," cxelalmcd n national school teacher one day in my hearing, as if ihe crime of so doing were something of tho' character of that of Pontius Pilate, or Sabbath breaking nt least. To the credit of tbo people of this young colony, however, true toEnulieh instincts they were not to bo hoodwinked or bamboozled to nny great extent. They were bent upon securing sound secular instruclion for their children, hut they were moro sincerely resolved to ensure to them proper instruclion in the Bible and In the tenets of the particular religion tbev themselves professed. So that when Mr. Heales introduced his Common Schools Act about fourjt eats ago, tbo denomination al sehouls were In the propor tion of abaut fire to one of the nntloacl. Tho Common Schools Act was passed In a hurry ; a crude, ill- digested, unfinished, piece of unwholesome legislation. A board wits ap pointed to carry out an Act which prescribed very little, afforded odds nnd enda of indefinite eluee to olucuro clauses, nnd has from that time m me present oeen a constant subject for tho expounding pewers of the Hon. tlio Attorney- General. The Act required the appointment of a board, and accordingly n board was appointed. Howtbis board bos discharged its duties, what it baa douo and left undone, where it has suc ceeded and where failed, these must bo lelt for future communications. Suffice it that the gentlemen selecled were chosen under nn Act which was to lay the departed ghost of denominationaliam for ever, on account of their bring rrproseutotiro men of the tnoBt important religious denominations in the colony. They took counsel together, worked early and lato, and finally, nmiiiet the aroans and hoots and hisses of tcaoberdom, thoy issued their rules, embodying the syitem known as " pay- mont on results." A shout went through the country that tbe poor teacher was to be fleeced and. shorn, and exposed by a ruthless board to the bleak winds of adversity ; bo was to shiver and starve, and be made pre-eminently un- couifortablo. The cry was reiterated and taken up by constituencies; the Ministry shook their hollow heads, and rattled out somo BTTlillv ftnnmla 1 n itenilUltiina 4aaaI.... . — f 1 r ¥ uo/iAsquuua LtSQkULlo | JirUlill-eb'l that would never, never, never sanction so odious a system 03 " payment of results/' and so asseverating, published the rules tho Govern ment Gazette duly assented to by tho Governor in Council. The republic of tho oane end ferrule stood aahsst at the malignant perfidy of their hollow-lioaded idols. With low muttcrir.gs, and gentlo but concentrated imprecations such ns befit the lips of a thwarted pedagogue, they resumed their lebours, having learned (lis whole some truth that insubordination and 6ueeess are not necessnrily close relations. The cry against results grew feebler and feebler, nnd soon died out. The gool teacher found his ioeornb raised in proportion to his exertions nnd ability ; the indifferent fouui! it re munerative to discharge bis duty with fidelity to the parent and to the board; nnd the uncupahle found it necessary to decide quickly between loss of office or rendering himself efficient. From that timo to the present there has been a sieaay progress, marriu now ana tben oy undue interference from parties whs should bo content to lot well akinc; but of nil the enemies which the Common Schools Act now numbers, it is to he recorded as a significant fact that those are tbe most bitter who had the greatest sharo in introducing it. Those who so ardently cried out for local committees, now seek their abolt. tlou ; thoso who advocated the reduction in the number of schools, now thiok there Bhould be an increase, aud greater fucillly for their es tablishment. In a future communication I shall deal with education as it is. Yours truly, ARISTIDES. 