QUAKERISM AND MR. BRIGHT. (From the Saturday Bevicw.) Little can be understood of any man's teaching unless we know hiB life, and the channels through which he has imbibed the principles of his life. It would be a great mistake to class Mr. John Bright with the ordinary demagogue. Wilkes and Cobbett and Henry Hunt, and their limp and unsubstantial representatives in the present day, the Beals and Nicholays of the metropolitan Vestry-halls, represent nothing except a certain amount of volubility and conceit But Mr. Bright is something more serious than this. What be is— that is to say, what he represents— hag net often been considered with suffi cent attention. He floated into public, notoriety on the topmost wave of the Corn-law agitation; but Free-trade was not to him — as it was to his more modest colleague, Mr. Cobden — tbe one object of his life. Mr. Cobden had one thing to do, and be did it It may be doubted whether he surveyed the political and social world under any other than a single aspect. Free trade and a simplified tariff were the beginning, middle and end of his philoso phy. Cobden was a practical man ; Mr. Bright is an enthusiast Cobden saw a single broad, large, storing necessity ; - Mr. Bright is concerned with nothing short of the political Kcstnos. If that excellent calico-printer, whose highest- social am bition was to be a simple Sussex squire, was only a glorious arithmetician, his more conspicuous colleague aspires to be little less than the prophet and apostle of re generated .humanity. Mr. Bright is emi nently, in the eking of the day, a repre sentative man ; and what It is that he represents we shall now try to discover. It is known that Mr. Bright is a Quaker, or, at all events, was bora and bred a Quaker. But the influence of his Quaker descent and Quaker education does not seem to have been sufficiently estimated, perhaps because the real and inner significance of Quakerism has been forgotten. People generally think of Quakers as being much Uke other Dissenters, with tbeir special and denominational peculiarities. They arc regarded as an odd body, till lately distinguished by an ugly costume, and affecting an unpleasant contempt for .dngusn grammer ; out, on me wnoie, they are thought of with a sort of con temptuous toleration as an evanescent sect, which has exchanged its first fervour for a very consistent devotion to the arts of commerce. Perhaps Charles Lamb's esti mate of the simple, guileless, philan throphic Friends, may pass for the popular estimate of the feeble folk who are the descendants and degenerate representatives of George 'Fox. And 'a very superficial estimate this is. Ever since modern so ciety began to struggle into shape, there 'has arisen from the depths of humanity a lamentable voice full of threatening and woe against the wrongs of social life. It has alternately taken a religious and a political form, and sometimes has combined both. If we are to believed M. Renan, Christianity itself is only the first of these solemn appeals ; but undoubtedly we may discover, through the dark annals of the darkest ages, traces of the surging up of the same spirit of revolt against social wrongs. The rise of the Mendicant Friars, of the Fraticelli, the publication of the '.Everlasting Gospel,' the progress of the Brethren ot the Free Spirit, aud especially of the Waldenses, and even of Wickliffo — and, generally speaking, the protest against corruption and heresies in the Church, which culminated in the thirteenth century — represent the geod and evil sides of a revolt against a dislocated social state ; while the insurrection of the Jacquerie in France, and the Tyler and Cade rebellions in England, show an early form of Social ism. Everything in those days took a religious aspect ; .and the medieval Social ists preached a new GospeL It was revo lution 'in Church and State that was pro claimed. The 'Everlasting Gospel' was to the Christian Gospel what Christianity was to Judaism. The appeal of early Quakerism under its first hierophant was identical with this; it was at once a re ligious and social revolution which was preached. Not that such an appeal was not in some sense needed. George Fox no more intended to create a separate religious community than did the Abbot Joachim, or whoever wrote the ' Everlasting Gos pel' The Friends are only the Brethren of the Free Spirit under a new name. The Indwelling Light was only another form of the old proclamation of a new kingdom of the Holy Ghost The Quaker dress and plainness of speech were only the Fran ciscan cord and habit and sandals in another shape ; and the Hosannas which saluted Naylor at his entrance into Bristol reproduce, with scarcely a variety, the blasphemous parallels between oar Saviour and St Francis. If, in the thirteenth century, Popes and bishops were saluted as anti-Christj it is only a reproduction of this language to find early Quakerism de nouncing the church as the Apocalyptic Beast; and if 'it was never a merry world in England since gentlemen came up,' the sentiment is equally in place with Cade's rabble, or with George Foe de nouncing the ' dirty uasty thing to talk of a House of Lords.' If Fos's opposition to tithes aud endowments was vehement and fierce, it had been preceded by equally fanatical denunciations from the medieval spiritualists, who thundered out tbe level ling doctrine that the possession of money was, in an ecclesiastical person, a deadly sin. It may be quite true that the Quakers have cooled from the fever heat of their first . love, or first fanaticism. We shall not. deny that successive and sufficiently strange stages have marked the Quaker development ; and those who are curious on the subject may consult an elaborate, but somewhat, overlaid article in the cur rent number of the theological review, the Chriitian Remembrancer, called 'Friend- ism.' But the original fanaticism of Quakers on religious and social questions cannot but exercise considerable influence on the body so long as it exists, and especially on all born within it Nor does it at all follow, because modern Quakerism has seen proper to adopt the dress and speech of articulately speaking men, that it has forgotten its origin. Controversial ists, not always unsuccessfully, have found in Quakerism & parallel to the Jesuit order; and certainly Penn — Macaulay's Penn — became the most pliant courtier, although for his own sectarian purposes. The cul tivation of the commercial spirit by the Quakers is the most awkward feature in their history as a religious body ; and we can scarcely understand how Fox and the eloquent Barclay would recognise the de positaries of the Indwelling Light in the great discount houses, and flourishing banks and breweries of our time, which have grown out of the old Quaker contempt for the pomps and vanities of this wicked world, that now is. Mystic and quietist, however, bs Fox was in his religious specu lations, it is an error to suppose that he was an advocate of peace doctrines. He ap pealed to the fleshy sword in very intelligi ble tones, arid reminded CromweU of 'the mauy valiant captains, soldiers' and officers who had been put out of the army, as it may be, for saying thou to a -minister, and for wearing their hats,' The carnal weapon was only disowned when it was no longer necessary,; and the Quakers are not the -only religious body which' has disco vered that it is their duty to bind kings and nobles only so long as kings and nobles oppose them, and to rail at riches only till they can get hold of them. But if the Society of Friends has foregone the outward expression of its origoal and fiercer spirit, the interesting question occurs, whether the Bubstance of this original spirit. survives, and to what extent There ore Quakers and there 'are Quakers. The late Mr. Forster scarcely differed from an earnest Evangelical, except in the matter of Calyinism j and there is, perhaps, on the theological aspect of the matter, little to distinguish religious Quakerism from what is called Broad Churchismin tbe present day. Quakers dispense with the sacra ments, which' some Churchmen deem to be inefficacious ; the Indwelling Light might easily be exchanged for the Verifying Fa culty . of which we have heard .lately. When it is announced in our days that sacraments, Scriptures, and doctrines must all be insubordinated to the informed per sonal conscience, we only seem to be listening once more to the voice of a more outspoken teacher, who was persuaded tbat the light within is the true Redeemer, aud is sufficient for salvation, and that the Scriptures and his own communications of the inner voice were equally authoratative, because equally inspired. It is curious enough that the theological completion of Fox's scheme, as interpreted by & cool, common- place, hard heart, issued in the 'Age of Reason,' by Thomas Paine, him self a Quaker. And it is equally signifi cant that Franklin and Penn were the results of George Fox's political principles. But why all this ? Only that it helps us to understand a good deal about Mr, John Bright. Whether the member for Birming ham is now a Friend vre do not know, nor is it any business of ours to inquire. But, as we have said, he was born and bred a Quaker ; and a knowledge of what Qua kerism really is will help us to understand Mr. Bright He is in entire and perfect keeping with historical Quakerism. What we now call a tribune of the people would, in the dark ages, have spoken in the ' Everlasting Gospel,' or have roused the peasants of Languedoc or Kent It is no new thing to claim that ' all lands should be in common ;' this was Mr. John Cade's coarse but intelligible way of anticipating Mr. Blight's suggestions to the British labourer, that merry England stands alone aud conspicuous in the absence of a pea sant proprietary. If Mr. Bright — now perhaps in the days of his approaching Penn period — thinks it a reproach and a libel to call him a Republican, he must re member his fathers, and at whose feet he sat when he imbibed the old Quaker tradi tions, and he should not forget the speech of Fox which denounced Royalty as an institution of the Evil One. The eulogies of America come with something like grace from the descendant of those who found beyond the Atlantic that Goshen which was denied to them in this corrupt Old World; and it is something like affectation and squeamishness in one who represents Quaker doctrine to be shocked at being called a Republican. This re proach is one which *' Ips father's father bore it, And his father wore it ;' and no true Quaker ought to think it scorn to be charged with hatred and con tempt of kings, churches, priests, tithes and endowments, and a bloated aristocracy, for whose use armies and navies are kept up. That Mr. Bright should be a deter mined foe to the Church, is in him natural and proper ; it is consistent with his tradi tions and associations. He is a quaker, if not in outward profession, in what is much more important— in principle. From Qua kerism Mr. Bright derives his manly, plain spoken, intelligible English ; for the Eng lish language, as witness ' Barclay's Apo logy,' owes something to nervous masculine Quaker speech. From Quakerism, and from that elder Socialism of which Qua kerism is the legitimate heir, Mr. Bright inherits his contempt of Lords and land owners, his vehement assertions of his own infallibility, his prophet-like language and gesture, which demands assent as to the authority of a deep conviction and divine mission superior to human credentials and human staud;irds of proof. From old Qu;ikeiism Mr, Bright Las learned his hatred of Church and State as they are, and — most painful, but in Quakerism in telligible and even consistent — his pitting class against class, and his vehement appeals to ignorance, passion and prejudice. Only let us recognise in Mr. Bright's teach ing what it really is, a revival, or rather repetition, of a very old story indeed — that is, of a protest against established social order — and we shall know how to estimate both its strength, for we are not saying that even the wildest shriek of medieval Socialism, or even the wretched squeak of Fenianism, has not some small element of truth in it, and its weakness. At any rate, as a mere matter of history, we must admit that^ whether Quaker Socialism is good or bad, it is not exactly a new edition of Lord Somers and the Bill of Rights. And something else we may be permitted to hint to Mr. Bright He has carried on indifferently well, and at any rate with an honest consistency, the original tradition of George Fox. It may not perhaps suit his reputation to finish a remarkable career by a revival of William P«nn also. 