THE RETURN FANCY DRESS BALL. ,The following chronicle of this entertainment from the Age, is written in a V6in of reflection, so much out of the usual reporter's style, that we pay the author the compliment of extracting it: — Sitting down to pen a description of this event, the -writer labors under many difficulties, not the least of which is that he necessarily knows that, as it were but yesterday, a like en tertainment was given in Melbourne ; that it was a theme for many a pen, and was learnedly discoursed on as well by the paid staffs of the Melbourne journals as the contributors thereto. Let them be as bold as they will, and as self-, possessed (not to use a harder word) as they will, Eugliskmen have always before them the dread of failure, a nervous shrinking from com parison. The Euan who comes after always labors under a disadvantage, whether he be author, artist, or actor. He may never have read a line of Byron's poem, never have cast an eye on the landscape of Turner, never have seen Edmund Kean play Richard III. ; still will be be accused of plagiarism. It is in the nature of things that it should be so, and we must submit. To write a description of a fancy ball— to sit down and watch the ever shifting, brilliant ( scene as it passes before us, and, as it is photo graphed on the braiu, reproduce it ou paper. " An easy task enough," we hear some say. Easy enough, of a verity, iu imagination, "but not so easy when you come face to face with your paper ; when you hold the pen in your hand and the ink-bottle is before you. But a moment since, and your brain was full of glow- ' ing ideas ; .now, when you know the printer's devil is waiting for copy, and that the paper for which you write must be at press, say within three hours, and, puff! every article of an idea has vanished. Gone, and their ghosts are afar- off mocking you with a laugh which grates harshly on your ear. It's not the slightest use trying to grasp any of those gentlemen again, so you have to sit down, and beget new ones. And the first idea which comes to your mind, as you bite the end of your grey goose quill, is the wonderful similitude which exists between the scene you have just left and the scene you daily witness as you shoulder your way through the world. Look out a brief mo ment on the glittering costumes : hear the rust ling of silk and satin ; listen to the low mur mured whispers of the gay gallants, who bend lovingly over the dainty hands of their mis tresses, whose eyes beam with the reflected light of love. Look out, and what do you see ? Smil ing faces everywhere. Not a sign at care on any brow ; not a lip but bears a smile of joy. Look out, and then, knowing as you do, how much of misery there is iu the world, ask your self if some at least of these people are not as consummate actors as those poor mummers whose business it is to paiut their faces, and to laugh when their hearts are breaking. We do not say there are any breaking hearts here. Those commodities are always left at home. But there are some who, if they dared in the face of society, would put on weeds and goa mourning for their wrecked lires. They are handsome — yes ; they are gay — yes ; but down in the corner of their heart of hearts there is a void which can never be filled ; a deathless memory which sits at their side, and mocks at their endeavors to forget. So out in the world beyond, of which now we can sec nothing, from which our thoughts are naturally drawn by the sound and sights around us, do wo daily find men who come down to 'Change with faces the Brothers Cheer- ible might envy. Know we of none who carried for days, weeks, months, aye, years, a ghastly skeleton beneath their coats ? It is wise that it should be so. If every man's face were an index to his heart, what a long-visaged people we should become ! But it will be said, " This moralising tone is all very well, but we must to the -description of the dall. Here, leaning against a post, is a holy man of orders grey. "We are firm Protestants all, but we will take our stand beside his capacious person. It is pleasant, is it not ? Pleasant, not only to the view, but to every other sense. Do you hear the soft music stealing from the orchestra ? Do you see the forms of lovely females floating luxuriously, lus ciously through the dance ? It is that dance that Byron has apostrophised as " the soul in- chanting waltz." A queer medley, aren't they ? Surely here there are no costumes worn since the first dawn of civilisation unrepresented. Look at simple Phillis yonder, passing the stately Marie Antoinette. Is the good and lovely Queen herself not frightened at her neighbors ? for, see, near her crouches and gringesoue of the bloody sans culottes. Watch him ; perhaps, ere wo can turn, ho will utter his treacherous " a has la Reine," and the lovely queen will have . paid forfeit with her life. But the dance is over, and woe to us for our suspicions. See the queen aud sans culottes aru shaking hands. Glance we over the motley throng "before us, and sights equally as marvellous will meet our eyes. There are gay gallants paying court to homely lasses whose cheeks show that the language spoken to them is that which brings all man aud woman kind to a common level. There are humble squires bending low before ladies whose garments bespeak them to he of noble birth. There are troubadours sighing at the feet of the descendants of the old chivalry of England; and there are ladies, fair as eye ere lit on, smiling sweetly on swart Moors, infi del Turks, and unconverted aborigines. Touch stone is seeking for his Audrey, and finds a Rosa lind, who does not snub him. Shylock, no doubt, intent on his pound of flesh, drops#ou a Portia, with whom he forthwith takes wine. The gods are at one and Floras, and Venuses, and" Neptuues meander through the mazy dance together. Gip sies have forgotten how to rob a hen-roost, and ap pear now in gay attire, and mingle incontinently with gentlemen of the 16th century. Still, despite these, anomalies, the time goes on, and goes on right pleasantly too. > New Insolvent. — Robert Tliorne, of Newbridge, storekeeper, Causes of insolvency : Losses in busi ness. Debts, £245 Is 9d ; assets, £150 7s 9d; de ficiency, £94 14s. The most cruel revenge is the disdain of a possible vengeace. . - ..s-: What is it that has ears, and cannot hear ?— Wheat. What do we often drop, but never stoop to pick lip?— A hint. Why has a clock a bashful appearance ?— Because it keeps its hands before its face, 