' THE CASE OF MRS. RYVl'.S, THE ALLEGED PRINCESS OLIVE. We continue the report ef the trial in the case of Mrs. Rvvi-s ami her claim to he. the grand neicu of George the Tidul. The opening of tin? ease was given in the Courier of t tie loin instant. Ou tiie 2nd June, a portrait of the. Princess Olive was produced, hut not admitted ; its striking likeness to G-orge IV. was tne siii-j-ct of getiemi remark. On the 6th June, Mr. Netherclifr, an expert, was examined as to the genuineness ol tiie signatures; tiie general purport of his evidence was tlnit they were genuine, judging by compari son with admittedly genuine documents. On tiie following day, however, tiie same witness retract ed some of his opinions ; lie doubled the genuine ness of the signature J. Dunning. A paper was put in, whc-ivhy Mr. ami Airs. Robert Wilmut acknowledged to have taken the infant child ol the Duke of Cumberland, their niece, into their joint protection. Comparing this with .Mr. ami .Mrs. Wiimot's signature to the register of their marriage, lie thought it .genuine ; hut ou cross- examination lie admitted that there were only small similarities ami great differences. As the case progressed, the signature of Lord Chatham .i.ii.iif ><..! l.i \T r \" . <! 1 1 1 1 f (ft -1 f. n t»> r v Airs. Eyvis, t'ne " Princess Oiive," was first called ou the afternoon of tne I th June. Sue is described as a very holy like person, possessing features which very strongly resembled tho por traits of the iast gi aeration of the myal family, ami add that she demeans herself with the most remarkable case and self-possession, Shu gave her evidence very clearly utul firmly, she repeated with emphasis the oath administered to her to till, "nothing hut tiie truth," ami iu tiie course of her examination, when a seat was off-ued licr, she said she was not tired, ami she could stand for over to protect the honour of lmr family. Su; was first examined as to her marriage with Air. llyves, which she said she had cause to remem ber. It took place in November, 1822, at St. George the Marlyr, Southwark, and she obtained a decree of divorce from him in 1841. She then proved the birth of her son, the other petitioner, at Yauxhall, in March, 1833. Iu 1859 she presented a petition for a decree declaring the validity of the marriage of her father and mother, and her own legitimacy — not, she said, from any motive of fraud, hut to. establish those facts. The petition caine on for hearing in 1861, the trial lasted four days, and a decree was pronounced in her favour. The Attorney-General was repre sented at the hearing by ALr. Wulsby and Air. Roche, and did not oppose it. Tho proceedings in tins suit were put in evidence. Mrs. ltyves then gave evidence as to her early history. She saiil : — " I was horn iu 1797, and I remember coming to Loudon from Liverpool with my father and mother when I was only two and a half years old. We lived in Hurley-street, at tiie British School of -.'Artists, which my father founded. I lived with my father and mother until their separation in 1803, and after thai I lived with my mother. I left school at the age of thirteen." The petitioner's counsel then proposed to examine her respecting sumo declara tions made by lluunuh Liglitfoot, the alleged wife of George III., anil on the court objecting that they had no evidence that Hannah Liglufout was the wife of George III., two documents professing to be certificates of the marriage were put in, one signed " George 'P.," the other signed " George i tnalnli " Tin- court. however, declared unani- mously their opinion that these were forgeries, and declined to permit tliem to be used. The petitioner then went on to relate, with exceeding particularity, how the Eail'of Warwick related to her the secret of her birth, lmw her mother supplied tho Earl with means to go to Warwick C.o-tle to hunt up tho necessary documents, lie brio" at the tim-' " > poor that ho could not find the money him- a being often, indeed, as Airs. Ryves said, unalnc to buy a sheet of note paper, and how the earl satisfied the Duke of Kent of the royalty of tlio petitioner's family. "The Duke of Kent," said. Mrs. Ryves, " took each of tho papers iu iiis hand and examined them, uud ho expressed himself perfectly satisfied that the signatures of George III. were iu his father's hand writing. He acknowledged my mother as his cousin. Ho said she was Princess Olive of Uumtieriiuui, mo omy leguimuiu issue ui me duke's marriage, and that tor the future, Lord Warwick being in such a state of health that he might die at any moment, lie would take upon himself the solo protection and guardianship of my mother and me. From the petitioner's fur ther evidence it seems that the Earl of Warwick was under continual obligations to her mother in pecuniary matters. On the following day she stated that the Duke of Sussex, as well as the Duke of Kent, acknowledged the signature of their father to the documents now produced. She also mentioned that she and her mother had frequently received money from the Duke of Kent, and that it was always given by cheque on Coutts's bank. She was then cross-examined at great length by the Attorney- General. It ap peared from her evidence tlmt iier mother, Airs. Serres, was an astrologist, a ghost-seer, and a literary lady of no small ptetensious. She had issued a manifesto to the people of Poland, stat ing that she had providentially discovered her descent from the royal family of that country, and calling upon them to invite her to the throne. In this paper she stated that her legitimacy ns the Duchess of Cumberland had been established by a legal tribunal in En-land. It appeared further that Airs. Series had published a hook in which she claimed the auiii irsiiip of " Junius " for Dr. Wilinot. It appeared that when a girl she had taken the manuscript out of Dr. Wiimot's libruiy to scribble in, uud then, Luring his angor had secreted it, ami it li.nl remained in her possession forgotten until it was accidental!)" discovered by Mrs. Ryves. Chi the 9th June, tho memorial of Mrs. SeHvs to King George IV., in which she claimed to ho acknowledged Princess Oiive of | Cumberland was read, it differed in many i in- J portent ri-spects from tiie account already given, ' lint the witness said the errors it contained were the errors of Air. Nugent Bell, the " genealogical counsel " whom her mother had employed. She stated that the Duke of Kent believed that Mr3 Serres was really 1- giliinate from 1815 to 1818. and that somebody having then told him that tiie marriage, of the Duke of Cumberland was nullified by the R -yal Marriage Act, lie persuaded h.-r that she was ill, gitimulc until November, 1819,. when she was informed by a clergyman that tiie act had not been passed until live years after. In tiie memorial tiie word " offspring " was spelt " Offspring," aud that error Mrs. Ryves attribut ed to Mr. Bell; hut a birthday ode to thtfH'rinee of Wales, which ALis. Serres had written with her own hand in 1812, was- found to contain tile fol lowing lines : — ITail valued, Hour offspring of Heaven's smile, The great and mighty succour of this isle. This eccentric orthography was found in several other autograph papers of Airs. Serres The Attorney-General called for' the originals of several documents printed in Airs, llyvt-'s pam phlet relating to the birlh ami identification of her mother, ami other matters, hut they were not produced. Tho learned counsel read some "private ami confidential " communications ad dressed by Mr. Bell to Henry Mappers, Esq, Under-Secretary of State. In one of tlu-m, Air. Bell stated that he had seen certain papersin Airs. Serr- s's p issession which he believed lo be ge: uine, ami that unless ller Majesty declared i.er to be the Princess of Cumberland, within a few iiuiu s the papers would, he given to the public ami a revolution might be brought about. In another Air. Bell said that lie had seen several certificates, the first signed by Dr. Wiluiot, stating that his i.ne Al.ijesty George III. was married at Kew, to Hannah Liglitfoot, iu 1759 ; the second, signed by "J. Dunning " anil "" Uimtham," staling that his late majesty was married to Quean Charlotte, after tho death of Qnoon Han nah, iu January, 1765, by Dr. Alooiv ; and tho third, signed by his late majesty, declaring 'Wil liam Henry to he his first ligitiinato son. Tho witness had heard some rumours about the sub ject of the second certificate, hut she laid never seen i-ueii a paper. She had heard that Dr. Al 'ore was a friend of Dr. Wilmot. ALedical evidence as to the sanity of the late Princess Ulive-iwas then tendered, and it docu ment suid to be the will of the Earl of Warwick, dated 22nd June, 1812, leaving iiis real ami per sonal estate conditionally to Oiive, Princess of Cumberland, w-jis put in. On the L3i.h June the Attorney- General opened the def-'iice, slating that tim petitioner's mother was the iian ;i iter of Hubert Wiimnt, and quoting as proof tne h aid entered into on her marriage, in which sue was stated to be the daughter of lli it gentleman, and also l)r...W;lmot's will, in uiiicii she was leit a legaev as iiis niece and the daughter of his brother Robert Wilmot. He contended tOat she was insane, ami that between 1816 and 1821 she told stones oi her case inconsiiitoot with one another. Tne pi-titi nici" ii.ul put iu evidence sev.-uty-two documents ami leu more had been produced R\ :u tho Treasuiy ; others had been alluded to ; and uiug.-ther the documents mentioned as hearing en tiie ease were over 160, while only 82 were produced. And what sort of documents were they ? Why, they Were such that 10 expert in the world could give evidence of the handwriting from thorn. With two exceptions they were .ill written on little strips of paper, and all without tho wuter-inark oi date. Tne learned gentleman was proceeding with his address, when the foreman said ho was com missioned by his fellow jurors to express their opinion that there would not he the slightest 4.-. .>.,11 ..<(i.!..non t.. volitif tiw» nocn >>r Iniu iiccusaily Willi uwuuih-u V-J uimv mn V t.(«w petitioner, for in their unanimous view the docu ments rebed upon by her were spurious. — The Chief Justice: Iu that ease you only share the opinion of my learned brethren and myself. We have long felt that every one of these papers is a palpable forger) ; nor is them one part of the petitioner's ease wlii h agrees with the rest. — Dr. Smith then addressed tho jury at some length on the part of the petitioner, after which the Chief Justice summed up, ami tho jury delivered their verdict, which, stripped of its technicalities, was this : — That no such marriage as tlmt alleged between the Duke of Cumberland und Olive Wilinot had ever taken place, ami that the so- called Princess Olive was not their legitimate daughter. Tiie Attorney -General then asked that the documents might be impounded, and intimated tlmt if the case had gone on lie should have been able to prove that Dr. Wilmot was at Oxford at the time of tho protended marriage in London ; ami that Lord Warwick, before his accession to thu title, never signed himself " Brooke " hut " Greville." The documents were then ordered by the Court to be iinpouuded, and the case concluded. A Runaway King. — The Berlin correspondent of the Times writes : — At Aluiiich these trying times have given oceassiou to a romantic episode. The young king of Bavaria, who, on the premature death" of his father, recently succeeded to a throne for which his years and attainments were as yet insufficient, insists" that, being u sovereign, he may well he aliuwed thu most insignificant of human privileges, and be the master of his own time. In other words, ho does not like being troubled with State affairs, which lie thinks a bore, hut will write poetry, play the piano, and roam about incognito, it la llaroun Al Raschid. Of late he has been more than ever shocked by the evident want of consideration as displayed by his subjects and tire Ountinent at large in giving way to political excitement, and producing his torical events, which so sadly interfere with his studying the sonatas palhrtiquas and pastorales of the immortal Beethoven. Lust week, on the approach of the terrible day when he w'ould have been obliged to open Parliament in person, he made up his mind ho would not bo bothered any more, and accordingly disappeared — yes, actually disappeared, to the horror of the Lord Chamber lain, Ministers of the Court, and, as may be imagined, to tho no little dismay of his loving mother. After two days' diligent exploration of Munich and its hilly vicinity, he was discovered riding about on the Alps, with a single attendant groom, ami no luggage. When found, a petition signed by the entire Cabinet was handed to hitn oil the spof,- demanding Iiis immediate return, or tho Ministers would resign. After a littlo hesi tation his itinerant Alujesty yielded, allowing himself to bo conducted in Stato to his palace. ' At Munich it was said that the trip had been undertaken for the contingent purpose of meeting secretly, on the (op of a lonely mountain, his friend Richard Wagner, the noted composer, whose compulsory banishment hud caused him so much cliagi in." 