THE TOILERS OF THE SEA. BEING VICTOR HUGO'S GRAND NEW PHILOSOPHICAL NOVEL BOILED DOWN INTO METRE. PREFACE. RELIGION—hence the temple; Commerce—hence the ship; Nature—hence born naturals; And hen's-eggs, hence egg-flip. Among the British Channel islands— Guernsey, Jersey, Alderny, Sark— The patriot novelist, VICTOR HUGO, Has, it appears, set up his ark; And Guernsey (he tells in his preface all whom This matter concerns) may prove his tomb. And Guernsey now has thrust upon her Not merely this somewhat doubtful honour, But also the still more doubtful glory Of being the scene of the present story. It seems that in Guernsey, years ago, Just after the first French revolution, A poor old woman (and no one knew The cause of her partial destitution) Came there and settled—a quiet old woman, Who purchased and lived in a haunted house-- She and a small bewildered boy, Who was left an orphan and hobbledehoy, When she parted, let's hope for realms of joy. Young GILLIATT, for so the youth was called By his neighbours was greatly overhauled; He had queer sly ways of dodging about, Protecting sea- gulls, and tickling trout, Aud manifesting the quaintest of wishes For the safety of birds, and the slaughter of fishes. It was thought for the most part—for folks will think evil, He had something to do with the scab and the weevil, And even what Scotchmen call—but no matter. Still in spite of his terribly dubious repute, In GILLIATT'S soft heart love contrives to take root; And the poor silly fellow must presently get Over ears into love, with Mm'selle DERUCHETTE, Who we fear, was at best, but a Guernsey coquette. Now this DERUCHETTE's father, Or a guardian, say rather, Had besides this affection Another connection; And he didn't esteem her, Much more than a steamer, Which was called the Durande, And was then in the land Considered an almost miraculous ark— A regular screamer, Because the first steamer, That sailed about Guernsey, and Jersey, and Sark. Her owner, LETHIERY, A chap pretty wary In most of his dealings with people and things, Never thought to insure her, And that way secure her, So of course soon the news of her wreck some one brings. Her rascally captain has cast her away, In accordance with schemes which he hopes to make pay; But not having quite had the true time of day, On the wrong rocks he finds he has gone all astray, And there he soon dies in a singular way. When Monsieur LETHIERY discovers his loss, It makes him, of course, most uncommonly cross; As it seems that apart from Durande he's not any Poor ghost of a chance of preserving a penny; And, though he's a brave man, he pretty well whines As he thinks of what Yankees would call his engines. He declares if he could but save those from the rocks He soon would recover from Fortune's worst shocks. Thereon DERUCHETTE, who, of course, sympathises With all that her kind-hearted father advises, And who, at the same time it's made pretty clear, Can't suppose of herself that she's very small beer, Calls out in a furor, "My fortunes I twines In marriage with whoso will save them engines." Hereupon steps forth GILLIATT in front of the scenery, Swears he'll have the young woman, and save the machinery. Now it's no petty pumpkins for any young man— Let those who think otherwise try it if they can— However much he may he urged on by love— Whatever the charms of his own special dove— To sail away into the channel alone, And live for long weeks on a wave-beaten stone, Till he raises two engines, and gets them afloat All standing and safe in his own fishing- boat. This GILLIATT contrives, though in weather so rough That his clothes get worn out, and he stands in the buff; And when he at length does successfully make fast The engines, no wonder he thinks about breakfast; And though, with his oars he's a regular dab, He's nearly successful in "catching a crab," Which he follows down into a cavernous hole, And what there occurs nearly freezes his soul. A long, slimy tentacle suddenly springs From out of the darkness, and round him it clings; Then instantly after there darts out another, And thereupon issues the second one's brother, And others still follow, until with his knife He finds himself fighting a kraken for life. * * * * * * * Let us haste to the end—why detail in these lines, The marvellous meteorological signs, Which for long, as our wonderful GILLIATT opines, Forbid him to sail with the rescued engines. At last he gets home. Then—oh murder! oh arson! He finds DERUCHETTE fallen in love with the parson. So he gives her away, with self-sacrifice crowns himself, And then with much science he steadily drowns himself. And—as SAWNEY would call it—the "feelosophee" Of the author seems summed in this felo de se. 