VISIT TO THE LOWER LACHLAN AND MURRUMBIDGEE. (From the Pastoral Times.) WE take the following from a lecture delivered by the Rev. R. Henderson, on his return from the Murrumbidgee to Victoria:—"Some sixty miles upwards, from the junction of the Lachlan with the Murrumbidgee, stands Hay, the chief town of all that district; Maude, some forty miles further down, consists of a store, an hotel, and a few other houses ; Booli gal, on the Lachlan, some fifty miles across the plains, is much larger, and promises, ere long, to increase considerably, owing to the rapid settlement of the country beyond; Cooba, some eighty miles higher up, consists only of two hotels, a store, and the puntman's house. But Hay is a considerable squatting town, with about 250 inhabitants. The ground surveyed by Government was found to be inconvenient, and has been, by common consent, abandoned for the present site. Some say that a publican having preferred the latter to the former, erected an humble hotel there, and that this, as in many other cases in the bush, more than anything else, determined the position of the town. It stands on the northern side of tho river, and is reached from the south by a punt. The day that I arrived, the sun was 95 degrees in the shade. I had travelled all night across the Old Man Plain, having left Denlliquin the night before, at 9 o'clock. I was glad next day, towards noon, amidst the heat of a blazing sun, to find a hearty welcome under the hospitable roof of a friend. The usual offer to wash was at once made and eagerly accepted. Its refresh- ing influence they only can know who have had a long journey in a hot climate amidst dusty roads. Like other Australian towns, Hay is defective in compactness and the regularity of its buildings. Left very much to themselves, the inhabitants in young townships follow the bent of their own fancies, both as to the style and position of their dwellings and shops. There is no local authority to control these matters, and it not frequently happens that everything but homage to the genius of order and beauty prevails. For its size there is a large amount of business transacted in it. This arises—first from the many stations that are beingformed in the new country beyond the Lach lan ; and, second, from the great distance of the stations in all that neighborhood from Mel bourne. Throughout the year, as the necessi ties of the people arise, they are most conve niently supplied at Hay, and thither, therefore, they send for what they want And as the stations are large, and their demands, especially in shearing time, considerable, it will be seen how the town, though comparatively small, does a really creditable trade. Owing to its central position in that region—but especially owing to its being on the northern side of the Old Man Plain, and in the direct line of the road to Fort Bourke, on the Darling, and the rapidly ad vancing country intermediate between the Lachlan and the Darling—its protpects of growing prosperity are thought to be most en couraging. The inhabitants are full of hope, and are confidently anticipating a steady im provement in their affairs. Till within ten months ago, they had no day school, and strange enough, the teacher was one of my old ship- mates. He speedily claimed me on my arrival as a fellow- passenger, and reminded me of many a pleasant incident on the voyage we made together on our way to Melbourne; but up to this day there is neither church nor minis- ter of any denomination within eighty miles of it. Away northwards there is no minister at all; so that, having reached Hay, I had evi- dently got to the outside of the ecclesiastical world, so far as this west continent is con- cerned. Occasionally ministers have paid a flying visit to the town ; but with the exception of Mr. Cooper, of Bokewood, one of the Gee- long Presbytery, no other minister till I went had ever systematically visited the stations up and down the Lower Murrumbidgee. "No one ever comes here," as an old black shepherd one day said to me, "to tell us whether we are doing right or wrong." On my way to Hay, a distance from Kyneton of about 240 miles, I found Mr. M , a squatter from the far north of Queensland, from some 400 miles inland from Port Denison, in the compartment of the train that I entered. He used to keep a store in Castlemaine when I first knew him. He remarked that there is nothing like squatting, and that he would as soon think of returning to the old country as to storekeeping. He and his partner have a run that is capable of carrying 20,000 sheep, though they have only a few thousands yet. They have three rainy months in the year—namely, December, January, and February. They have beautiful weather the rest of the year, and abundance of grass. They know nothing of ague, and live in a kind of ter restrial paradise. They know nothing, more- over, of hot winds, though they have hot enough weather; the country is thinly timbered; the plains are of vast size; the stations are at the very least forty miles apart; they are often 100 to 150 miles apart; they have no lawyers, no doctors, no teacher, and no ministers. They ride great distances, and are chiefly annoyed by the aborigines, who keep them in constant anxiety when sleeping out at nights on their journeys across the country. They scarcely ever in travelling remove the saddle from their horses; they keep them close at hand, ready for use in the event of danger, and, as he said, they naturally enough exclaim on waking up of a morning, " Thank God, we're safe once more." The appearance of Bendigo as we dashed through it was wretched in the extreme. Everything seemed burned up. It looked like a vast brick kiln. The utter absence of trees and grass, the diggers' humble dwellings, and the ragged tene ments of the Chinese, together with the rugged surface of the deserted flats and gullies, once alive with crowds in search of gold, presented a tout ensemble anything but attractive. The plains beyond were grassless and barren, and deserted by flocks and herds and every living thing. In vain as we advanced further north did we look for life; save and except two wild emus on Moira Plains, tame enough in all truth then from poverty and drought,andnow and then a few parroquets on the wing. I saw nothing in the shape of animal life for 150 miles. Echuca is very much larger since I saw it, and will ere long become an important and thriving inland town. The crisis through which it has passed will by-and-by give way to a healthier state of things, and rid it of the bad pre-emi nence it has won for insolvencies and myste rious disappearances. The country near Deniliquin is highly interesting to the traveller, who can see beauty in the landscape, even when there are neither hills nor dells, nor run ning streams. Amazingly level, it is often beautifully diversified with plains of limited extent, bounded with graceful clumps of trees, terminating in wavy points. But the famous Old If an Plain, between Deniliquin and Hay, anust be to any but a bushman a wild and dreary solitude. For the first thirty miles there is bush; but the moment you leave Wan ganella, a little township, consisting of two hotels and a store, till you reach the river tim ber, there is nothing but solitude. The grim ness of the plain culminates at the Black Swamp, the supposed resort of " The Flying Cob," the ghost of a mysterious horse and his rider, who love, it is said, to haunt those parts of a night, to the terror of travellers. Nothing relieves the monotony of that dreary journey save the changing of hones at Wanganella, Pine Bidge, and The Gums hotels. It is wisely made in the summer season during the night. Sleep of course is out of the question. In the bush coach you must at all times take things as they come. Comfort is never thought of. Without any back to the seat you occupy, unless you perch yourself beside the driver, and not unfrequently inconveniently crowded, you allow yourself to be whirled along, but it is in the hope that in due time you will escape. From time to time during the night you feel that you must sleep; you yield a little, and ere long, by some heavy lurch, you are aroused again. Towards morning as the keen air steals in on you, you give yourself up hopelessly to the demands of exhausted nature, and nod all round in the most ungraceful fashion. The punt is reached at last, the coach pulls up at the post-office, delivers its weary bundle, and you are dismissed to your ablutions and your coach. Hay, the centre of these brief mis sionary operations in which I was engaged in that part, stands, as we have already said, on the Murrumbidgee. 