So the " smart young barrister" has mustered courag-e to contest the Kyneton Boroughs with Mr Tuclter. The modest joung man, too modest to sing his own praises, has really ventured to tempt an expression of the peoples will. So be it, let him thank his own folly for the sweeping expression of contempt which the ballot box will disclose. We venture to predict for him that he is not, to use his own choice language, " the man to lick Tucker, and knock him into a cocked hat." No, no, Mr toyrne, however much some of the electors may humour " the motley fool" (again to quote your own elegant expression), they will not allow their franchise to keep company with his cap and bells. There is something so utterly degrading to tlieldistrict in being compelled to snbmit to . the candidature of - such a man as Mr Bynie that we approach our task of criticising him with the utmost distaste. Had it been Mr Langton, Mr "Wood, or even Mr Ireland, we could have gone into the contest as one purely of a political nature, believing that whatever the tailings and shortcomings of the opponent of our old and tried representative, he would at least have conducted himself as a gentleman. We could have admitted his right to ask us for our suffrages, on political principles, knowing that we had A man to deal with who could understand what was due to the constituency, and who would not abuse the position which the mere accident of an election gave him amongst us. We could have treated him with becoming respect even while we declined his proffered services. But the candidature of Mr Byrne is not only simply ridiculous in itself, it is an insult to the district. Under no conceivable cir-. cumstances could Mr Byrne expect the electors to return him to Parliament, and iio motive could be deemed sufficiently important, for the district- so to express its want ot selfrespect as to choose him for a representative. He has not in fact <iisplayed any one quality during bis canvass which could lead to the supposition that he would be any credit to his constituency, were it possible tor" any sufficient number of electors to give him a sea'. Under ordinary circumstances we should have.contented ourselves with criticising the political views of a candidate seeking our suffrages, but Mr Byrne, by his own unseemly conduct, has compelled us to depart to some extent irom this course. It is impossible to speak of the man without referring to the disgraceful exhibition he has made of himself, the grossly personal nature of his language, and the ungentlemanly manner in which he has conducted his canvass. We pass over the attacks he has made upon ourselves,as beneath out contempt, though in these he has shown a complete want of gentlemanly feeling by -continuing to utter insinuations after. being told publicly his premises were incorroot. But we cannot so quietly passover the insults heaped upon private citizens, the assertions to which he has given utterance, distinctly knowing them, of his own knowledge, to be falsehoods. We cannot so easily pass over the disgraceful aspersions he has endeavoured to cast over the character of his present opponent, and the colleague of that gentleman in the. late Parliament. In each respect Mr Byrne, out side the manner in which he gave utterance to his insinuations, has proved himself completely wanting in gentlemanly feeling, and honorable instincts. No man possessing a spark of honor would make the statements he has made concerning Mr Tucker and Mr Sands without he had some distinct and definite charge to bring against them, and which he was prepared to prove. - In fact do not hesitate to assert that there is scarcely one other member qf his profession In Victoria would have acted as Mr Byrne has acted since he has announced himself a candidate for a seat in Parliament. We tell Mr Byrne, and we do it more in sorrow than in anger, that his conduct has lost him the respect of every member of the community, and all that can result Irom bis nomination will be the disfranchisement of those electors, who, disagreeing with Mr Tucker's politics, will refrain from giving their vote, in preference to recording it in his favor. Mr Byrne will possibly try to excuse himself ,hy saying, as he has before said, that he has retrained as much as he possibly could from personalities, and- that he has only in- dulged in them when compelled by his opponent. He has .already advanced this assertion with a hardihood that shews he is reckless of' consequences, for we are enabled out of his dwn month to prove his statement untrue. At the very first meeting he held in Kyiieton, after he announced himself a candidate. Jor the Boroughs, he used langa ' concerning his opponent unwarrantable in • Bxtreiae,.and of far. tootpereonal-a-iiatare to haVe been used-by-any one with a pretension. $)*£he name of gentleman. Addressing the electors he said, " ha would give them the .'opportunity: of saying whether they wonld continue to he represented by a political dummy, or whether they would have a man with some' ability, and some brains—whether ithey would have a man who wonld do good to the colony, instead of a man -who ODly sought his own interest,'' ~&c.;, &c.; This was but, the prelude to still greater, breaches of decorum, of which Mr Byrne has continually been^guilty-. His' speeches (to give them a iiame to which' they ate but little entitled)^ have been characterised by nothing else than vituperations and personalities,. his conduct by nothing else than .a lack of that ability of which hte vaunts. \- Mr Byrne may have brains and- ability, as - he. boasts he has,—it is not for. us to question~the fact—but we can only say if he has he prizes thBin too dearly to allow-the electors to obtain even a glimpse of them. Whatever ability he may possess he has managed very successfully to disgadse bnneath a manner anything but likeTy to secure, him-, votes. . The qualifications he ad vances —the " receipt, gs he says, of £1500 a yeai- ii om his profession, and having been «diior3t)f the Journal of Commerce, and many other -jyapers - —are but poor substitutes to ofier to the electors, for that general fi tness and. gentlemanly conduct which should characterise a would be member of parliament. We have done with Mr Byrne, J and can ' ' - • • only regret that he himself has compelled us j G -• J - v 6 - ,. i - i ri_. r - - t AO criticise his conduct instead of his pnnci- . pies. We could have found ample reason for j M rejecting him on the score of politics alone; for : injall conscience his,ideas on these are crude | in the extreme.' But we should have failed j in the dutv we owe to the public did we neglect-to point out bow personally unfit Mr j Byrne tion of has a representative. proved himself to Politics be for the must posibe set aside, when such conduct as Mr Byrne has been guilty of, has to be considered, and no inducement could be sufficient we imagine for any electorate to give him a seat in the House. That he will meet with a signal defeat is a matter of course; may it make him a wiser, if a sadder man. It is a matter we take it for regrat that the Opposition did not send up a candidate more generally fitted to he a representative. That Mr Tucker would still have been returned we have not the slightest doubt, but it would have shown more unmistakeably than the election now can do, how much in earnest the electors are in the opinions they entertain of the crisis: We should have liked for Mr Tucker's sake to have seen a right good man come forward, and then have given hima decisive defeat on political grounds alone. The contest could have been entered into with a zest that it will now lack, and would have beencon- ducted in a manner creditable to both parties. Of this pleasure the electors of the Kyneton Boroughs are deprived. We' would remind them, however, that whatever opinions they hold it is due to themselves that Mr Byrne should have every courtesy shown him, and that he should receive fair play in mairing his canvass. However badly he may conduct himself, let it pass, for the lesson the ballot-box will convey, will be quite severe enough—even for him, ELECTORS of the Kyneton Boroughs. On Monday next the duty devolves on you of expressing your opinion on the crisis which has caused the general election, of saying, as far as you can say, by which House of the Legislature it is your desire the taxation of the country should be determined. You are called on to say whether you prefer the representatives of the " Upper Ten Thousand" dictating in what way you shall be taxed, to. deciding the question for yourselves. You, in common with those districts that have not yet spoken, have to say whether you are in favor of legislation by the will of a clique, or legislation in accordance with the wishes of the people. We have no doubt what your answer will be, but we ask you to let that answer be given in strong and unmistakeable terms. Be true to yourselves, your rights and privileges, and let nothing deter you from going to the poll, and voting for the advocate of the people's cause. In Mr *Tucker you have that man. In Mr Tucker you have one of the supporters of that Ministry that was the first to stand forth as an advocate for your rights. By the majority you give Mr Tucker then, let the "extent of your gratitude to that Ministry, for its many liberal measures be tested. Mr Byrne is the opponent of Mr Tucker, and if returned would be the opponent of the Ministry. Such a result we know to be impossible, but we mention it to shew all those who would vote for the opposition candidate, on private or personal grounds, how irriparable is the injury to themselves and their families they would be commiting by voting for an opponent of the Ministry. Every man then to the poll, and shew how much you value your rights and privileges as residents in a free country by voting in that way that will best maintain your adopted conutry's freedom. Remember—Monday is the polling day. - We may draw attention to an advertisement in our advertising columns to the effect that a commission will sit at theCriterion Hotel,Kyneton, at ten a m, on Wednesday, the 31st of January, for the purpose of considering outstanding applications under section 42 of the Amending Land Act, 1865, for land in the Kyneton, Taradale, and surrounding districts. Persons whose applications were made to the mining surveyor on or before the 29th of June last are requested to attend. The Hon Mr Sullivan, with Mr Christopherson, was in Malmsbury on Tuesday last, inspecting the sites for the reservoirs for the water supply to Sandhurst and Castlemaine. It is evident the hon gentleman does not allow himself much rest after the fatigue of an election contest. We learn from the Melbourne papers tbat. a young man known as David - Macfarlane was charged with obtaining 'money by means of a, valueless cheque, and was remanded at the City Police-Court to Friday. It was stated that tne prisoner's real designation is Mackenzie, and that he is sou of the Dr Mackenzie who some years since resided in Kyneton. Referring to the Kyneton Boroughs election, the Melbourne correspondent of the Geelong Advertiser writes—'At Kyneton that learned young Irishman, Myles Garrett Byrne, does not stand a ghost of a chance against Mr B, H Tucker, the oldand tried representative, of .the constituency." " We have been requested to annonnce that the Rev Mr Chalmers, of Inglewood, will officiate at the Church of England, morning and evening, on Sunday next. The services will commence at the usual hours. Parties having cases for the ensuing County Court, may bear in mind that Monday next is the last day for service of summonses. We have been informed tl»t Mr Byme addressed a-jmeeting at Malmsbury on Thursday evening last, and as usual selected the Observer for one ot his-elegant attacks. .We believe a aragraph which appeared in our last issue re- E itive to Jiis conduct on a recent, occasion was the groundwork of his attack, and he—as we aie informed—stated that -an ample contradiction would appear in-this-day's issue of a contemporary. We have seen _ of late so many of these so-called- contradictions that we are inclined to doubt the satisfactory nature of the one with which we are promised. Be it however as-it may,- we -can inform Mr Byrne that the matter to which we referred was com-, mon conversation in Malmsbury, and two re-, spectable citizens of that borough, the one a' member of the Council, -voluntarily offered-fco allow us to use their names if necessary to authenticate the statement. We did «ot however deem it necessary as the affair was in-neady. eveiy -one'-s mouth, and any ot Mr Byrne*s~ifni>porters who are still in doubt, we wonld advise to go to Malmsbury, and hear what pnblic opinion says with reference thereto. It will be seen by our advertising columns that the annual election.of ten members to serve in the Mining £oard at Castlemaine will take place on Saturday, the 24th day of February next: The rapidly increasing importance of this district in mining affairs necessitates its taking-a-little more interest in mining "boord elections than it has hitherto done, and the number of miners rights that are held in the district gives it.a.iight.to beheard in the matter.' We trnst 'to'see an interest taken in the ensuing election, u •'. -.-. : " Among the notifications i>f the withdrawal o allotments in agricultural aireas Jthe ••.Gaiebte oF Tuesday last contains the following allotments : \--734 and 35, parish of Baynton j and allotment parish of Glenhope. A Crown grant for the. Church of England, Gisborne is notified as lying among others at isborne is noUhed as lying among ^ he Recernt and Pay office, Melbourne. : W e ^ from tb y e tbat mioihg leases taa j^,, fonrarded to the Warden's office, Taradale, for execution by, and issue to, the lesses:—J Tyson and F K Adamson, for 15 years 30a Or 7p, £30 Is, amount of rent Teserved; J Tyson, & Elder, R Bowman, and J Cleland, 2Ca 2r 22p, £20 12s 10d, amount of ^hTrSUtion of Mr Ross Cox as secretary to the Hospital Committee was accepted on Thursday last, and Mr Alfred Purdue appointed his successor. Tenders were also accepted for various supplies. An inquest was held at Gisbome, on Thursday upon the body of a man named Joseph Morton, who died very suddenly at Mrs Campbell s house on Wednesday afternoon. Froin the evidence of Mrs Campbell and an engineer named Solomon, it appeared that on Wednesday afternoon deceased, while at work, suddenly staggered, but recovered himself sufficiently to walk to the bouse, where he kid down, saying he would soon be better. He, however, got worse, and had convulsions up to eleven o cloak, when he died. -Mr Campbell went into Gisborne about six o'clock to tiy and procure medical aid, but was unable to do so, as there was no medical man within eighteen or nineteen miles. • There was found on his person a bible with the name of Joseph Morton, underneath which was written " a gift from his sisters Freda and iiary," dated 1866; a letter, beginning " My dear Joseph," and .ending " your loving sister, Leila Livingston "several envelopes, addressed to these persons, a watch, chain, and key, and a purse containing £S-6s in cash. From f the evidence of Dr Fresliaw, ot Castlemaine, who made the post-mortan examination, it was ascertained that enlargement of the heart from natural causes was the cause of death. Dr Preshaw stafed that the heart was almost twice the actual size, and some of the valves were so thin that it was a wonder that it had earned on its|proper functions so long. The jury returned a verdict in accordance with this evidence. A man named Tim Glen received a sentence of three months imprisonment in the Melbourne gaol yesterday from the visiting Justice of the Kyneton goal for disorderly conduct. His original sentence was 48 hours, but he subsequently received an additional 14 days for misconduct, and now he has three months for repeating the offence. ... i U1 A thunderstorm, accompanied by a toleraoly heavy fall of rain, passed over Kyneton yesterday. The rain only lasted a few hours, but feU pretty heavily during that time. It continued at intervals after nightfall. Information was given to the pohce yesterday eveningof a robbery of two rings having been committed at the Bank of New South Wales, and euspicionpointed to a woman who had been a servant at the Bank and left yesterday Up to a late hour the Police had not succeeded in obtaining any information concerning -her. One of the rings lost is a guard ring, set with five different stones—a ruby, amethyst, garnet, emerald, and diamond, and the other ring is a pearl ring. Should any parties be offered them for sale, they will easily identify them by this description as being the stolen property. The woman was last seen at Alalmsbury. 