SOME 'EFFECTS OF INTEMPERANCE ON THE DRAIN. My a. MwiirAL Man. Tjif. ordinary evil effects of intemperance nre so well known and generally admitted that it would be wa^te of time to treat of them here. In this paper I shall therefore confine myself to pointing out, in a psychological point of view, how terrible occasionally are itB rtsultB on the mind. Dipsomania, or drinking madness, is about the n-:ast distresfing phase of insanity that can afllict humanity. The sufferer is not only aware of the approaf.'n of the attack, but has sufficient reason to wish. \0 avoid it. He iB conscious that he is nbout to commit actions of the most degrading and ruffianly description, and that during the terrible paroxysm he will be deprived of all Bclf-control. He knows pe.rfectlv well that hy abstaining from drink he cun avoid the catastrophe with which he is threatened, and yet he is utterly incapable of resisting Vne temptation, even while he has sufficient good sense to abhor it. In some respects the disease is more marked in wo men than in men ; and, disgusting as is the habit of excessive drinking, they are occasionally much to be pitied when it arrives at that degree of intensity which precludes the possibility of their breaking off the habit. Few women who have ever been accus tomed to a respectable petition in society acquire the habit of drinking from a love of the vice itself. The principal cause which induces them to contract it is sorrow. Another cause, though in a far less degree, originates in the habit of certain medical men fre quently administering alcohol as medicine. My opinion on the former point received a full corobora tura from a remark made to me by the late Mr. Gilbert Abbott A'Beckett, magistrate at the South ?wark Pelice Court: —'For sometime after I was appointed to that court,' he said, 'nothing pulled Be more than the language made use of by irreclaim able female drunkards when in the state of sobriety. When under the effects of intoxication, language of the foulest description seemed perfectly natural to them ; but as soon as the effect of the spirits had gone eff, and they were penitent, their grammbr was good, their language admirably chosen, and their general tone of thinking appeared to be irreproachable. After frequent inquiries, however, I found that most of those women had formerly occupied a decent position in society ; but sorrow, occasioned possibly by their own improper behaviour, had induced them to apply to drink for consolation, and the effects were that the natural habits of the woman when in estate of intoxi cation became completely reversed, and the language auu uenaviour, wmuu were men unmiuni w uer, nuc mtterly repugnant to her feelings when sober.' As proofs of the difficulty a reclaimed drunkard has in avoiding the temptation of drink, even when feel ing the strongest deedre to do so, the two following : oases may be considered as in point : — A gentleman connected with the City Mission . ! about two years since gave a lecture on temperance at 'ft' the Portland Hall, in the Edgeware Road. When he -r( Jiad finished his lecture and was about to leave the . ? ' room, he noticed one of his audience — a tall powerful, «oldier-looking man, between forty and fifty years of age — eying him attentively. Mr. S., the missionary, im mediately stopped, thinking the man perhaps wished to apeak with him. For some moments the man appeared * to hesitate ; but at last, when no one was near them, he advanced to the lecturer and said, ' I hope, sir, you will not be offended at the liberty I am about to take, but I want you to do me a very great favour. I am an army pensioner, and married to as good a wife / as ever man 'had ; but some years ago, when my regi ment was in India, I foolishly took to drinking, and I also suffered from the sun-stroke. I was very ill in consequence, and was confined to the hospital for some lime. 'When I arrived in England I determined I to become a sober man, and took the pledge. For 1 some time I kept it very well, nattering myself that I \ had completely broken through the habit of drinking. The first day, however, I had t« receive my pension, I found I had made a mistake, for I met some old comrades, who invited me to a public-house, and, not liking to refuse, I went with them, and the result was that I came home to my children far more like a mad man than a drunkard. AVell I determined this should never occur again, and that nothing ior the future i should induce me to enter a puMic-house. I faith fully kept my word till my next pension was due, and ' then, as I left my house in the morning to fetch it, my wife 6aid to me, ' Take care, John dear, and do not be tempted to enter a public-house. You are as good a husband as ever lived, when you are sober ; but I since your illness, you know your brain canaot stand ? drink.' I promised her I would not, and was re turning home with my money safe enough in my j pocket, having taken cafe to avoid meeting with any. I of my old comrades, when I found that to pass a j : public-house with my pension was impossible. I gave I , way to the temptation and entered one, resolving at II the same time that I would only take one glass ; but I that one glaes brought the desire for another ; and the I result was, that I became mad drunk, and every i shilling of the pensiea I had received I either spent or / was robbed of before I returned home. Nor did it end there. My wife received me without any anger or provocative remark, but simply asked me to go to bed, i i saying, I should be better the next day. Somehow I I took this as an affront, and it ended in my brutally !,? ? | assaulting her. The next day, of course, I begged my , ,' wife's pardon, and although she had suffered greatly, 5 : she readily forgave me. From that time until my next pension was due I was never once intoxicated, although I frequently had money about me; and, singularly enough, it is only when I have my pensioa money in my pocket that this temptation comes over me. Now, it will be due to-morrow, and if you will go with me to receive it I will place it in your hands the moment it ie paid, and we will return home to gether, and you shall give it to my wife. If you do I not, I know it will end as before ; for when the fit ? comes on I cannot help it.' Mr. S ? met him the next day as he requested, and as soon as the pensioner had received the money '-,'. he placed it in his hands, and they returned together to the man's lodgings. The poor woman expressed '!' herself most grateful to Mr. S ? for the trouble he had taken, and spoke of her husband in the highest termB, stating that he was as good a man as ever lived when sober, and that the temptation to drink never came over him unless he had his pension , i, money in his pocket. The next time the money was ' due, Mr. S again met him, and the whole passed r off in the same satisfactory manner. On the third ii: occasion, however, Mr.' S ? was unfortunately ; absent from London, and the pensioner went alone for his money, and returned home in the evening brutally intoxicated, and raving like a madman. His wife, seeing the condition he was in, attempted to persuade -iiir- to go to bed and sleep it off. This irritated him to such an extent that, taking the kettle of boiling ':' water from the lire, he threw it at his wife, who held ;| in her arms a fine little boy of about eighteen months 'X old to whom the unhappy man was himself tenderly ;;' attached. Both mother and child were frightfully ecolded, and had to be taken to the hospital, and the i drunkard was placed in the hands of the police. The 1, poor woman and her child remained for some time ;.,: hanging between life and death ; at last both tor s' tunately recovered, but the infant was disfigured for ; ; life. The husband was committed for trial, found ; guilty, and sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment with hard labour. He did not, however workout | the whole time of his punishment, for sorrow and ] Temorse for his conduct, and the treatment his darliug t' child had received at his own hands, added to the ? effect that solitary confinement frequently exercises on. j: the mind, brought on lunacy, and the poor fellow is I now an inmate of a convict lunatic asylum. j| The other case I shall mention is that of a woman, ;' and is singular in proving how strong occasionally it the spirit of integrity may be in the poor creature who :.- has fallen a victim to the vice of drinking. f A lody of my acquaintance was in want of a nuwe [' for her children, and on looking down the list of ;j advertisements in the Times newspaper, her eye was ? arrested by one which seemed to point to a person of a ' most eligible description. It was that of a woman, forty -: years of age, with five years' excellent character from | her last place. The advertisement was answered, and I the applicant made her appearance. She was a stout, ?, handsome woman, very respectably dressed, and with 1 a remarkably good-natured expression of countenance. The lady with wham she had last lived, unfortunately resided at Abergavenny, butthe woman said she had 'i no doubt all questions put to her would be answered. ''' The address was taken, and the letter written for the ?woman's character. The answer was of the most ; satisfactory description ; indeed one or two expres sions in it were of so laudatory a description, that : suspicion might naturally have been aroused as to their being genuine. The lady, however, was satis ; fied ; but not so her husband, and although the woman was engaged, he determined to make inquiries on the subject. A friend, who was going into Wales, promised he would do so for him. The character, as the husband had expected, turned out to be a false one, and the person who had given it, although of moBt honest and sober reputation, was the wife of a journeyman carpenter. There was every reason to suspect she was the nurse's sister. With this letter i in his hand the husband confronted the woman. 'Well, sir,' she said, 'I acknowledge that the character was not a genuine one ; still I livod for five years in the family of Sir ? , and if you like to pxrke inquiries there, you will find that what I shall now tell you «s correct. I left the family to be married to the coachman, who treated me so badly, that one day., to console myself, I drank till I became intoxicated, nnd both my husband and myself were imniediaio'y dismissed.' The gentleman wrote to Sir ? , who, in rePVy, informed him that the woman's statement was substantially correct, but that both she and her husband (from whom she was now sepirutid) had been seen several timeB intoxicated. It was true that the had been five years in his service, and he had since heard that she had been reclaimed, and was now a ?very sober woman. All thiB was satisfactory, so far as it went, and the woman waB allowed to remain, and a better servant never entered a house. At laBt, when her first quarter's wageB were due, she requested to be allowed a day's holiday, stating that she wished to redeem some of her things, which were in pawn. Permission was, of course, given her, and she left about eleven o'clock in the day, with the strict injunction to return before ten in the evening. But ten o'clock came, eleven, and then midnight, and still the woman did not make her appearance, and after waiting for 6ome time longer, the family went to bed, giving up all thought of her return. About noon the next day she came back, stupidly drunk and her clothes covered with mud. As it was impossible to reason with her in that state, she was allowed to stagger up stairs to bed, her mistress determining the should leave the house as soon ns she waB sufficiently recovered. In the evening the poor woman descended to her mistress in a most penitent mood, and implored to be forgiven. She said she remembered taking her things out of pawn, and feeling fatigued she had gone into a public house; but from that moment she remembered nothing, and what had become of her clothes she knew not. She promised faithfully that when her wages again became due, she would leave them with her mistress to invest for her in the savings-bank, adding, 'As long as I have no money of my own, ma'am, I feel no temptation to go into a public-house ; but if I have, I cannot resist entering one.' The woman was forgiven; and another three months Eassed over without a single fault being found with er. As Bhe had promised, she left her wages in the hands of her mistress, who invested them for her in the savings-bank. Three more months passed in an equally satisfactory manner, and the morning her wages were due she told her mistress she should like to have one sovereign of the money to purchase a pair of boots. ' Take care what you are about,' said the lady. ' Remember what you said, that if you had money in your pocket, you could not keep out of the public- house.' 'Very true, ma'am,' was the reply, 'but I wanted to ask if you will allow the housemaid to go with me, for then I should be in no danger.' Her mistress applauded her prudent resolution, and the housemaid and nurse left the house together. It was eleven o'clock at night before they returned home. Both were drunk ! Indignant at such be haviour, her mistress resolved that she should leave the house the next day, and that Bhe would take no excuse. She had no difficulty on this occasion, for the next morning the nurse came to her, perfectly penitent, and addressed her in these words : ' I am not a-going to ask you to forgive me this time ; as a lady you could not do it. No person has tried to break themselves off drinking harder than I hav3, but it is stronger than I am. There is nothing in the world but the workhouse before me, and I may as well go to it at first as at last' Notwithstanding the terrible influence the drinking mania had over this poor woman, it was inoperative ou her natural integrity. Durisg the whole time the had been in her situation she had not only abstained from TiBing her employer's money to purchase spirits, but never on a single occasion had she been known to taBte the wine belonging to the family, which was frequently under her care. As a proof how strong this temptation may be, even in a strong-minded man, the case of Mr. ? may be mentioned. He was a member of one of the first families in Scotland, and a young man of independent fortune. He had secretly acquired the vice of drinking, and it had taken firm hold upon his constitution before his family succeeded in detecting it. He was naturally of a very gentlemanly and amiable disposition ; but when intoxicated he was more like a madman than a sane person, his language and behaviour on these occasions being of the meet disgraceful description. With a view of curing him of this habit, his friends placed him under the care of a physician residing at South Kensington. He had great personal liberty given him, but, at the same time, was watched to see that he did not enter a public-house, for it was in those establishments that he generally misconducted himself. To make security doubly sure, he was never allowed to have money with him when he left home. For some time his behaviour was perfectly irre proachable, so much so that at last the physician said to him, ' Mr. ? , it is a most painful thing to me not to allow you to have any money in your pocket when you leave home. If you will pledge me your honour as a gentleman that you will not enter a public-house, you may have any sum you wish.' 'I give you my word of honour, doctor,' replied Mr. ? , ' that I will not enter a public-house, and I should feel obliged to you if you will allow me to have ten pounds.' The money was given to him. About mid-day he quitted the house, and it was expected he would re turn home to the family dinner at seven o'clock. He did not make his appearance, however, and as he was generally very punctual, hiB absence caused the doctor considerable uneasiness, and after waiting nearly an. hour, the family dined without him. During the whole evening the worthy doctor remained in a state of great anxiety, wondering what had become of his patient. It was past midnight before he made his appearance, tmd then with such a changed coun tenance that it perfectly terrified the doctor. Mr. S. had left in the morning in high spirits and perfect good humour : when he returned he was pallid as a ghost, with intense and painful anxiety expressed on his features. Before the doctor could ask what had caused his absence, Mr. S. thrust his hand into his pocket, and taking from it the ten sovereigns which had been given to him in the morning, he threw them on the table saying : ' Take back your money, doctor ; I will have no thing more to do with it, for I never passed such a dreadful day in my life. From the time I left home to the present moment, the temptation to enter a public house was so strong on me that several times I stood outside the door of one for half-an-hour together, trying to summon up power to leave it. Fortunately, I succeeded ; but I will never be placed under the same temptation again, unless you will withdraw from me ell restriction. I will not, I assure you, enter a public-house if I can restrain myself, but to submit to a day of the same torture again I will not.' Shortly after, the poor fellow became a confirmed lunatic, and had to be placed under confinement. The most terrible cases of the eccentric action of the bruin caused by the excessive use of alcohol are per haps those where strong-minded men have deter mined to cure themselves of the vice. The tenacious manner in which the temptation frequently clings to them, and the fearful struggles the victims make to relieve themselves from its thraldom, have something in them savouring of the romantic. Indeed they are occasiona ly such as would have formed a strong foundation for those monkish traditions of the Middle Ages, in which men are represented as having sold themselves to the fiend in return for some temporary happiness or success, and then tiring of their bargain and vainly attempting to withdraw from the contract. The most' remarkable instance in thU respect is the phantom that opposes the wish of the victim to return to sobriety, and actually forces him, against all his efforts and will, to continue the habit of drinking, until it ends in his death. I will give two or three of theBe cases, out of many which have been at different times brought under my notice. Mr. G ? , a young Englishman of large fortune and vast expectations, resided about twenty years since in the city of Milan. He was a kindhearted, amiable, and liberal young fellow, but, unfortunately an incur able drunkard. Hebecameenamouredofayoung Italian lady, of a good but poor family, and he made an offer for her hand. Considerable opposition was shown by her family to the match, solely on account of the intemperate habits of her suitor, and his violent con duct when under the influence of drink ; but the young lady herself was so fully persuaded of the suibciency of her power over him to cure him of the folly, and perhepB dazzled at the proBpect of a brilliant match, that at last all opposition was withdrawn and consent was given to the marriage. Among the guests invited was a certain English physician, who wo b attached to the suite of a nobleman then travel- , ing in Italy. He refused the invitation, candidly admitting as his reason that he considered the poor girl was about to be consigned to a life of misery, in consequence of the intemperate habits of her future huebond. After the wedding was over, and his opposition could be of no avail, he became a frequent visitor at the house and a great favourite with both husband and wife. For some time Mr. G ? con- ducted himself with great propriety, and his friend, the docter, on leaving Milan for two months, con. pratuluted him on the improvement of hit conduct. On the return of the physician to Milan, he called on Mr. G ? , who received him with a most sorrowful, ' downcast countenance. The doctor inquired the cause of the melancholy, and Mr. G ? frankly admitted that shortly after his departure, the passion for drink had returned, and that in a fit of drunken madness he had seriously and dangerously assaulted his wife. The police had interfered, and the result was that a legal separation had taken place b -'tween G ? Bnd his wile, and he was threatened with a lengthened imprisonment should lie again in any way importune or molest her. ' I am very happy to seu you again,' said Mr. G ? , ' for I am sure you will act as my friend in the matter, and use your influence to effect a recon ciliation between myself and my wife.' 'lam exceedingly sorry to refuse you,' replied the doctor, ' but at the same time I must positively do bo, for I consider it better for the welfare of both of you that you should continue separated, otherwise I cm certain that in one of your drinking fits you will do her tome great injury, if not worse.' 'I pledge you my word of honour as a gentle man,' said Mr. G ? , 'that ii you will make peace between us, I will never taste a drop of spirits again.' ' I do not doubt your good intentions ; but strong as they may be, your habit Of drinking is stronger.' ' Only try me,' said Mr. G ? ; 'name any time you like for the experiment, and Bee if I do not keep my word.' 'Well,' replied the doctor, ' I am going with his lordship for six weeks, to his villa on Lake Como ; and when I return, if I find you have kept your word, I will see what I can do in bringing about a recon ciliation between you and your wife.' The doctor again left Milan, and returned at the appointed time. HiB first viBit was, of course, to his friend Mr. G ? , whom he found at home, and who appeared delighted to see him. 'Doctor,' said he with great glee, 'I have faith fully kept my word, and now you must keep yours. I pledged you my word of honour that I would not taste any spirits, and I have not done so since you left ; and now, as you promised, you must try your influence on my wife.' 'Where is she now?' ' She is in Florence, but will, I understand return in about a fortnight.' 'As soon as she returns,' said the doctor, 'I will call on her, and see what I can do.' The conversation then turned on other subjects, when Mr. G ? inquired of the doctor if he knew Count Lanzfeld, the head of the police. 'Yes, I know him very well,' Baid the doctor; 'but why do you ask?' ' Because I want you to remonstrate with him on his behaviour to me; he has placed a spy on me, who follows me everywhere.' 'Are you certain of it?' inquired the doctor. 'Positively certain,' was the reply; 'wherever I go, I find the fellow watching me.' ' I will certainly speak to the Count for you, and this afternoon, if possible,' said the docter, Accordingly he called, and found the Count at home, and told him his errand. ' I assure you,' said the Count, ' Mr. G ? is under a great error ; no person has been set to watch him ; and beyond the dread that he may again annoy his wife, the police have no anxiety on his account. Fray tell him so from me; and also, ask him to point out any person who annoys him, and I will have him severely punished.' The doctor communicated the result of this con versation to Mr. G ? . ' 1 hardly believe him,' said Hr. G ? , ' for no man would dnre to offer me the annoyance that fellow docs, unless he was certain he was doing it with im punity ; however, I will watch him carefully, and the next time I see him I will collar him, and hand him over to the police.' For two days nothing further transpired on the subject ; but on the third evening — a beautiful moon light night, — the doctor was walking home with his friend, when suddenly the latter stopped, and ex claimed— ' Doctor, there he is now ! — now we will catch him ; he went into this doorway.' The doctor immediately darted with Mr. G ? into the pasEage, from which there was no outlet ; but there was no person there, and it was very certain no one could have entered it. ' Mr. G ? ,' said the doctor, ' you must have been niistaken ; you did not see the man.' ' 1 saw him as plainly as I see you,' he replied ; ' I have seen him too often to be mistaken.' ?' What sort of a man is he ?' asked the doctor, beginning to think that Mr. G ? was suffering under tome hallucination. ' He is a tall thin man, replied Mr. G ? , ' dressed entirely in black. He wears three black studs in his shirt, and always carries a glove in his right hand.' 'Always ?' inquired the doctor. ' Yes, always,' was the reply. The doctor immediately came to the conclusion that Mr. G ? was suffering under some delusion, and he resolved to trace it to its source. A week had yet to elapse before the expected arrival of Mr. G ? 's wife. In the meantime the doctor began to be considerably alarmed about his friend, so pertinaciously did the phantom pursue him. G ? stated that night and day he had no peace, and that he could see the man looking through the window-blinds at night as he lay in bed. This, of course, the doctor knew to be a delusion ; but that there might be no miEtake in the matter, he requested the officer of a detachment of Austrian troops to allow a sentinel to keep watch round Mr. G ? 's house, and especially to mark if any strangers approached it ; and if so, of what description they were. The soldier reported that during the tirst night not a person had attempted to approach the house. The doctor then inquired of Mr. G ? whether he had been annoyed the night before. ' Yes,' replied Mr. G ? , ' the fellow was peep ing throughmy blinds all night long.' The doctor was now fairly puzzled what to do. At last Mr. G ? 's excitement and terror increased to such an extent that the doctor determined on going to Florence to ask his wife to come back ; hoping that her presence might, to a certain degree, neutralise the effect the phantom seemed to have upon him. Mrs. G ? , now perfectly willing to be reconciled to her husband, immediately left Florence with the doctor for Milan. On their arrival, however, they found that a terrible change had taken place ; Mr. G ? receiv- ing his wife in the most unkind manner ; upbraiding her for her conduct in haying left him, and threaten ing her with personal violence if she attempted to approach the house again. The doctor had no difficulty in perceiving that Mr. G ? wasintoxicated at the time; and he inquired of the servants how the change had come over their master, having left him under the resolution to keep sober. They told him, in reply, that no sooner had he left Milan, than the phantom never quitted their master night nor day. He asserted that it no longer looked through the win dow-blinds, but stood by his bed-side. Mr. G ? could support the torture no longer, and one night, in a fit of desperation seizing a sword, he followed the phantom, which fled from room to room. The servants, aroused by the noise, went to their master's assistance, and found him, in his night-dress, stab biiig the clothes on the bed through and through with his sword, calling out that the fellow had hidden hhn Eelf there, and that he was determined he should annoy him no longer. The servants took the sword from his hand, and Mr. G ? fainted from the effects of his exertion. A medical man was immediately sent for, who, noticing the exhausted condition of his patient, ordered him a glass of brandy. Ne sooner had Mr. G ? tasted the spirits than he exclaimed, ' I am all right again ; the fellow has gone.' The next day the phantom again made its appearance, and the medical man being sent for, ordered a repetition of the glass of brandy, and again the phantom vanished. Having now found the means of relieving himself from the terrible persecu tion which follewed him, every time the phantom appeared, Mr. G ? took a similar quantity of brandy, and it vanished. His habit of intoxication had now commenced again, and when under the influence of spirits he was a perfect maniac. Frequently, however, when sober, he would implore the doctor to get him reconciled to his wife, for the poor fellow was ardently attached to her. The doctor of course refused, aud the police ?were obliged to interfere. Mr. G ? now made an other attempt to relinquish his habit of drinking, but it was impossible ; the phantom never left him night or day. Its identity web so perfect that he would implore it, in the roost piteous accents, to cease the persecution, but without the slightest effect. The phantom stood before him, with its cold, frigid glance, gazing at him with a look almost of indifference on its countenance, and, as usual, always holding its glove in the right hand. A consultation of medical men was now held, when it was considered that the best thing that could be done for the unhappy man would be to persuade him to leave Italy and reside in some place on the1 Con tinent where he could have the benent of sea-bathing. Boulogne, in France, was chosen bb his place of residence, and he went there, the docter thinlurig that the change of Bccne might restore him to sanity. For a short time after Iub arrival a most beneficial chenge certainly took place in him, and he recovered bold Bttength of mind and body. A temporary fit of illness having somewhat weakened him, the phantom again made its appearance, nor would it quit him Until he again took to drinking. It continued persecuting him night nnd day, till at last, at thirty-two years of age, the poor fellow fell a victim to a phantom conjured up by lie e fleets of his immoderate drinking. A somewhat similar case occurred in Belgravia dur ing last -winter. A gentleman had engaged a butler, whose diameter for integrity and sobriety for many years had been an excellent one ; but during the last six months he had not been in a situation, having attempted to start an inn with his savings, but had not been, successful. For some time the man's con duct was of a most exemplary description. One night one of the young ladies, in a state of great alarm, entered the bedroom of the governess, and in formed Her that Bhe had seen a light pass her bed room door, and had heard a footstep ascending the Etairt. The lady thought she had merely been dream ing, Bnd advised her to go to bed again, and nothing more was said on the matter. The little girl, how ever, was fully persuaded that she had not been in error, and resolved to watch again the next night, and at the sane hour she saw the light pass her room, and beard the step again ascending the stairs. She iron.iuiately went to the governess, and this time in formed, ter that she was certainly not deceived, and requested the lady to arise from her bed and judge for herself. Tlic governCES immediately arose, and throw ing n dressing-gown over her, stood at the partially open door, end in a short time she perceived a light descending the stairs, and directly afterwards the lutkr, carrying a candle in his hand, made his ap pearance. It was difficult for her to judge whether the nan. was atleep or awake ; his eyes were open, hut lie seemed in a state of intense alarm, as it under the influence of some terrible dream. He passed her door ?without noticing it was open, and proceeded to the drawing room, which he entered. The govemeee, without hesitation, followed him and found him turning over the sofa-cushions, and moving the chairs, as it searching for something. ']3 ? ,' she said, ' what are you doing there ?' 11 lam looking for them,' he replied; ' I know they're somewhere here, Bnd this time 1 11 have them. They shall not escape me now ; I'll put a stop to this, once and for all.' The governess new called for assistance, and the man was advised to go to bed. On inquiring next morning, it was found that in consequence of the mis fortunes he had experienced during the time he was keeping the inn, lie had sought consolation from drinking, which he had carried to an immoderate ex tent, He was, however, resolved to cure himself of it ; and being a man of strong determination, he felt he had succeeded. No sooner, however, did he enter on his new situation, than the first night, on retiring to rest, two children placed themselves beside his bed and continued staring at him. He was not acquainted wiih them, and thcyafforded no clue to connect them with his history. The second and every following sight, they again made their appearance ; the poor men feeling the while the certainty that if he took sgain to drinking they would vanish — but he would not succumb to the temptation. Night after night, the same phantoms appeared to him regularly, till he could support the persecution no longer, and he attempted to drive them, away, when he was detected by the young lady and the governess. What was the termination of his case, I know not. Doubtless he either taecame insane or returned to his drinking habits : all I know is, it was found impossible to retain him in ius situation. The la*t case I shall mention is even more terrible than either of those already given. A lady calledone morning on Dr. F ? , a physician who was celebrated for his profound knowledge of diseases connected with the brain, and consulted him about her husband. Bhe informed the doctor, without the least attempt at concealment, that her husband had formerly been the captain of a ship in the East India Company's service, and that unfortunately he had acquired habits of great intemperance. In consequenco of some act which he had committed when intoxicated, and which was little to bis credit, he became so disgusted with the degrad ing exhibition he had made of himself, that he re solved nothing should again tempt him to touch BpiritE, and he had since adhered strictly to his re solution. He felt the temptation occasionally come over him, however, very strongly; stiU he would not yield to it. At last, when there appeared to be every prospect oi his becoming a reformed character, his wife noticed, he had become very uneasy, as if something waE weighing on liie mind of which he did not like to inform ier. She pressed him upon the point, and he told her that every night he had the same dream. A little old woman, with a red cloak and red petticoat, appeared to him, and gazed at him intently. Some how he got the idea, that if he again commenced drinking, she would leave him ; but nothing would induce him to alter his resolution. The phantom, at last, exercised so strong an influence upon him, that even during the day-time he had the blood-red colour of the cloek oad petticoat she wore continually before his eyes. The lady told the doctor that she was afraid her husband was going out of his mind, and asked liim what step she had better take to prevent it. 'I em sorry to tell you,' said the doctor; ' the case is a mofct ceuous one ; and if the greatest precautions are not -used, it is extremely probable your husband will commit suicide. You must watch him narrowly, and present it if possible. My advice to you is, to take him abroad immediately— to the south of Italy, or somewhere else — so that he may have a total change of scene ; and the Eooncr you go the betttr.' The lady promised to follow -the advice of the doctor ; and without informing her husband of her reaEons, she earnestly pressed him to take her for a trip into Italy ; adding at the same time, Bhe was sure it would benclit liis health as well. He agreed to her request, and preparations were made for their departure. When the day arrived for them to start, and the carriage was at the door to take them to the railway station, he suddenly stopped, and told his wife to 'wait a moment, as he had left something in his bedroom. A few minutes afterwards she heard the report of a pistol, and on rushing up-stairs, found to her horror that her husband had shot himself. Should the few facts I have mentioned make any imprest-ion on the mind of the reader, I sincerely trust he will not be contented without investigating the question further. Let him inquire of any experienced medical man of his acquaintance, whether the facts I have alluded to are not of every day occurrence. For my own part I have but one test of the evil of drinking, either in a greater or less degree.; and that is of Scripture origin : ' Therefore by their fruits shall ye know them.' If the mature fruits of a tree produce effects such as I have named, what must be the value and quality of the plant itself? — Goed Words. Ikbjedvlity Personified. — There is living on Marti) a' 6 Vineyard, Massachusetts, an old man who has never been off the island, and the extent of his knowledge is bounded by the confines of his home. He lias t-een told of a war between the North and South, but 8B he has never heard the din of battle nor seen any soldiers he considered it a hoax. He is utterly -unable to read, imd is ignorant to the last degree. An excellent Btory is told of his first and only day at school. He was quite a lad when a lady came to the district where his father resided, to teach school. He was sent, and as the teacher was classify ing the echool he was called up in turn and interro gated as to his former studies. Of course he had to say that he had never been to school, and knew none of hiB letters. The schoolmistress gave him a seat on one tide until she had finished the preliminary exa mination of the rest of the scholars. She then called him to her, and drew on the black board the letter A, told him what it was, and wished him to remember liov it looked. He looked at it a moment, and tlien inquired (he stuttered), 'H-h-how do you know it's A?' The teacher replied that when Bhe was a girl she had been to school to an old gentleman, who told her so. The boy eyed the A for a moment, and then asked ' H-h-how did he know 'r' This was almost a stunner, but the teacher suddenly recollected that he had told her that when a boy he had been to school to e lady who taught him that it was A. The boy eyed the letter a little longer, when he burst out with 'H-h-hbw did he know but shel-Hied?' The teacher could not get over this obstacle, and the poor boy was Bent home as incorrigible. — American Paptr. Alleged Illegal Marriages. — The Venerable Thomas Thorp, B.D., Archdeacon of Bristol, created some consternation by a statement made in his charge on the occasion of hiB visitation at Bristol last week. The venerable archdeacon, alter stating that he had given notice in convocation of a motion for the pro duction of a copy of. the original Prayer-book, said that he had no hesitation in declaring that to publish the burns of marriage after the second lesson, as was clone in many instances at present, was illegal, and every marriage that took place after banns so published was void, and every clergyman who had bo published them was liable to fourteen years' trans portation. The proper time at which the banns should lie published was juBt before the offertory sentences were read. He had no dsubt, however, that an Act would be passed to indemnify all clergy men who had erred in this respect, and to recognise the rolidity of the marriages which had been solem nized after banns to published. 