THEATRICAL. The Metropolitan Stage. Deab Bell, — Shakspere says, ' ' If s a wise fitter that knows his own child,' and +¥»'« truism would hare been forcibly illustrated bad it been possible for the 'wraith' of Sir Walter Scott to have witnessed the perform ance (by the great comedy company) of ' Ivanhoe' at the Theatre Eoyal on Satw lav Ia6+ Th*» ** err&ZLt.; irnlrtintim ' ? no Knickerbocker termed him, would have been lost in bewilderment; and vanished in a Scotch mist, after the wonderful version of his undying novel 33 represented at ' Old Drury.' True, if the spirit of the author of ''Waverley' 'revisits the glimpses of the moon' to see how mortals interpret the grand vistas of literature and romance he has opened np for the benefit of posterity, he might, any time within the last quarter of a century, have laughed in his shadowy sleeve at the various attempts to dramatise his im mortal photograph of the 'manners and customs of ye English in the times of the Crusaders. ' He might have seen this grand revival of Mr. Hoskins's performed at many provincial theatres in England, and even on the metropolitan boards of . the Bower/ Siloon, Lambeth, which, as far as my recollection carries me, wa3 the only place I ever saw it in London in its present melo-dramatic garb, or something very like it If the apparition of Sir Walter were inclined for a jovial night, he might have gone to the Haymarket, as I did many times, to see an acknowledged travestie (none of your pseudo sentimental versions), when Mrs. Keeley was the Ivanhoe, old Keeley Isaac of Ycrk, Selby Sir Brian de Bore Gil bert, Buckstone Wamba, and all the other knights, franklins, ladies, aud serfs repre sented as only the old Haymarket company could represent them. If the ghost of the author were imbued with my proclivities he would have derived infinitely more enjoy ment from the offspring of the brothers Brough, who fathered the burlesque, than from the eccentric and laboured efforts of the adaptor of the drama now introduced to a Victorian audience. The dialogue is taken almost word for word from the novel, but the incidents are twisted about in a most curious manner, to the great mystification of those well acquainted with the story. The Templar and his companions are made to storm Rotherwood to obtain their ends, instead of waylaying the escort, and the character of Ivanhoe is a sort of Cer berus, compounded of himself, the Black Knight, and Cedric. Altogether it 13 a clumsily contrived drama, considering the materials the playwright had at his disposal The utter absurdity of easting ladies for men's characters was abundantly demon strated on this occasion, and MUs Cleveland, who would have made an admirable Rebecca, was completely out of herjelement as Ivanhoe, in which neither her appearance nor her per formance gave even a faint outline of tbe dis inherited knight, as drawn by Sir Walter Scott It is really unfair to the great talents of Hiss Cleveland to place her in characters where she can have no possible opportunity of displaying them to advantage. Mr. Hoskins represented Wamba as an , elderly individual more prone to melancholy than fun; and I think he would have been more at home as Isaac of York, a character not so well suited to Mr. Lambert a3 Friar Tuck would have been. By far the best perform ance was that of Mr. Vincent, who was all that could be desired as the stem, martial Templar, Sir Brian de Boi3 Gilbert. His dress and. make- up were both admirable, and fully realised the hardy Crusader, whose warlike energies had been devoted to fighting the Saracens under the burning sun of Pales tine. The wearing of a helmet instead of a mortier in the battle scenes would have been more appropriate. I cannot compliment Mr. Bellair upon his Front de Breuf ; it was too laboured throughout, and not by any means equal to what Mr. Bellair can do at times. Mr. Stewart played Robin Hood in a blu{£ hearty manner, suitable to the part ; and Mr. Sa^^J^^nlJ1SS?S!Rtin%ap1aknw'a1''re ABw^AQ fcv°eliflflfheflianus'oT£ne novehs^'is a most insipid personace, and Miss Quinn could not alter that characteristic of the Saxon Princess, whilst Mrs. W. Hill, an ex cellent light comedy actress, was all abroad as Rebecca. Messrs. Hennings, Pitt, and Fry are deserving unqualified praise for the beauty of the scenery they have painted for the piece. It seems almost a pity that such works of art, as some of the Eceno painters' efforts really are, especially the last grand scene depicting the Templestowo preceptory, should be allied to such a feeble drama as ' Ivanhoe.' The management of the Royal seem to spare no expense over a drama like this, comparatively worthless in itself, and generally unsuited to the company, whilst those first-class plays which we were led to expect, and to which we are entitled at the hands of Mr. Hoskins, are allowed to slumber idly on tho shelves of tho theatrical library, without any attempt at ascertaining the amount of patronage the public would bestow upon what the manager of the leading theatre, as the custos morum in theatrical matters, is to a certain extent pledged to produce. The crcditablo manner in which 'Ivanhoo' is placed on the stage, has succeeded in draw ing respectable houses during the week, and a judicious use of the pruning knife renders the performance less wearisome than on the first night, when it occupied three hours and a half. As I entertain a decidedly friendly feeling towards Mr. J. L. Hall, I will not say a word about 'Lugarto the Mulatto,' as I hope that is the last trash of the kind wo shall bo presented -with at tho comfortable and elegant Princess's, at which theatre Byron's ourlesque of ' Sonnatnbula ' was produced on Monday evening. The oppor tunity was thus afforded to Sir. John Omxa to renew his acquaintance with a Melbourne audience, after an absence of four years. The reception he met with must have con vinced Mr. Dunn that absence docs not ob literate tho remembrance of old favourites. On this occasion tho part of Amina was en trusted to Mr. Dunn, and ho was very suc cessful in his appeals to the risible faculties of the audience. Mr. Gill played Lisa, Miss Emily ^Vlseman Allesio, and Miss Tilly Earl Elvino, with their customary ability. Mr. J. J. Welsh, who has also been absent for some years, re-appeared in the character of a virtuous peasant, in which he indulged in a number of stago platitudes with con siderable humour, sufficient to make him a very acceptable recruit to the excellent com pany at tho Princess, The most amusing performance, however, was that of Mr. J. L. Hall as Count Rodolpho, who gave a most clever and humorous rendering of that dis tinguished individual The burlesque bristles with puns and jokes, somo of which are ab solutely startling from their eccentricity, and the, usual amount, of songs, parodies, and dances were highly relished by tho audience, who evidently onjoyed tho entertainment amazingly. Tho manager showed a sound discretion in . producing Sterling Coyne's ox collent comedy of ' Black Sheop' in place of the dismal 'Lugarto,' This is indeed a step in tho right direction, and I eongratu lato Mr. Hall upon tho admirable manner in which tho whole company acquitted themselves. It is this class of comedy that Mr. Hall must cherish, if bo wishes to display tho talents of tho ladies and gentlemen cou necWd with him to tho best advantage ; and to render his beautiful theatre tho resort of those who wish to bo amused and enter tained, instead of horrified, by tho dramatic representations submitted to them. The comedy is not new to tho Melbourne stage, and it is therefore unnecessary to describe tho plot, beyond saying that tho vicissitudes of two lovers aru the groundwork of the atory, aud afford amplo opportunity for filling up the background with a number of highly diverting Hiibordinate characters, tho schem ing and roguish portion of whom civo rise to the cognomen of the cumedy. The black flhecp were ably represented by Messra, Milne, Irelaud, aud John Dunn ; and Miss Wiijc'inau and Mr. Lawrence inado u most natural and interesting pair of lovers, who eventually surmount all the obstacles to their union and happiness. Miss Arnot is fitted with a capital part; as a rich widow, who is enamoured with Herbert Lester, and Mr. J. L. Hall is enabled to display his talents as a comedian in the character of Tom Shorter, a clerk to one of thebUck sheep. It is really a treat to witness this little comedy, and I sincerely hope that Mr. Hall will find an appreciative public to encourage him to drop sensational rubbish, and 'Vt his colours^ to what is elegant and rational. A new fairy extravaganza, the production of which has occupied the management some weeks, is to be performed to-ni^ht for the first time. Its title is the VKing of the Merrows,' and I believe no pains have been spared to justify its success with the public. The Christys are still doing good business at the Polytechnic the burlesque of 'Mon- tana' having been presented during the week, in which the company show to great advantage. Most of the original music is introduced, the delivery of which loses nothing in the hands of such singers as Miss Warden, Messrs. Abecco, Rainsford, Harvey, etc., whilst Mr. Leslie as usual 'slops over' with fun. The company contemplate giving a series of performances in the suburbs, and I wish them every success. The Wizard Jacobs closes a very successful season to- night, after which he announces his intention of deputing for England. I trust that the Wizard's career in th« --ninni---i mil ever be a satisfactory reminiscence to him wherever he may be, for he has afforded a large amount of amusement to the colonists, even from the old days, and, therefore, should have shared in whatever prosperity has attended Australia. ' The hall (St. George's) will be occupied on Wednesday by the Orpheus Union, who an nounce one of their agreeable concerts for that evening, and on the following Tuesday the Philharmonic Society's second concert for this season will be givei the programme con sisting of Spohr's 'Last Judgment, ' and some of the diefs da:uvres ai Mendelssohn. Foley's Circus still holds its own at the Haymarket, and the clever and varied per formances of the troupe are as attractive as ever. Mr. Foley has shown a wiso discretion in reducing the price of admission to the dress circle to 3s., a figure within the reach of most fathers of families, whose 'olive branches' revel in horsemanship and saw dust CHARLES SURFACE. 