NERVOUS MEN AND FAT MEN. The nerves are the objects of systematic enmity and, depreciation among mankind at large. Fat, however it may excite complaint in the fat person, is not, I believe, an object of enmity, except in an omnibus or in some position where it occupies an unusual portion of the plenetary space. Prophetic denun ciations against such as be fat in Zion are on record; none against such as be nervous. Yet the fat man is tolerated, loved, at worst laughed at ; while the nervous man is not only laughed at, he is disliked. But is it fat that has been the chief benefactor of the human race ? W as it a fat man that invented printing? Was it a fat man that- discovered thé circulation of the blood? Was George Stephenson fat? Where the màrtyrs fat men? Heliogabalus was, but was Antoninus? Julius Caesar, though for his own selfish ends he preferred fat men about his person, was he fat himself ? Was Hampden a fat man ? Was Milton ? Was Cromwell ? Was William HX ? No ; it was, George IV. who was the fat man, and he built the fat pavillion at Brighton. Charles James Fox was fat, but he gambled. Falstaff was fat, but he was not a respectable character. Hamlet, again, was fat ; but he believed in ghosts, and was a very undecided young man. The fattest man of modern times is a distinguished undertaker—he may make good coffins, but I am not a judge of coffins. On the other hand is Mr Tennyson fat? Is Mr John Stuart Mill sat? Is Mr Browning fat? Is Mr Gladstone fat ? No ; the nation would not trust its income with a fat man ; it knows better. The only fat financier I ever heard of was Mr Hudson the railway king. Thus, it is with nervous men that we trust our money, and it is from nervous men that we expect all that makes money, worth having: Or if this statement should be too wide, let it he met by contradiction—there are plenty of contradictory people in the world—and the other side have too long had it all their own way—have too long been permitted to treat the nervous as not only miserable in themselves but the causes of misery in others. —The Argosy. 