THE OPERA. Last night 'Semiramide'' proved itself a popular opera, its third representation having drawn a very respectable house. It was under the snecial natronase of TfW Rrppllpner. who, nlnnff with Lady Daly, was present throughout the per formance. Having already criticised it in detail, we need only say that each repetition seems to beget improvement. Madame Escott not only rendered the separate airs with great effect, but she sus tained her part with uniform spirit and care throughout. The dialogue with Assur, after she has declared her preference for Arsaces, had a classic grandeur in it worthy of the subject. Miss Hodson's Aisaces was a wonderful display of pas sion, evidencing not only great ability hut great endurance. This artiste throws herself so thoroughly into every character she assumes that nagging or listlessness would seem impossible to her. Absut, the traitorous Commander-in-Chief, had his story well told in the deep bass tones of Mr. De Haga. This artist trusts more to the effect of a stereotyped expression than to the accessories of acting. In Assur the expression was very good and appropriate; but it might have been improved l-y some variety of style. His ' make up*', was in itself a great success, and suggested the idea of its being a boua fa'e excavation direct from Nine? eh. Mr. Beaumont, as the Indian Prince, had not very much to do, but his splendid voice was always in the best order when required. H'i3 'Bespiro ah dov'e'' was, as on the two former occasions, a memorable feature in the opera, and gained for him great applause. Mr. Kitts found a most con genial character m Oroe the High Priest. He always docs justice to the sacerdotal function on the stage, and sacerdotalism itself could not deny to him a most reverend impressive manner, though there might be difference of opinion as to some of his deacons deserving creiitt for as much. Mr. Sut:liffe did the Ghost of Sinus very well, but he gave only the stationary part of the scene, and left the supernatural parade across the stage to the imagination of the spectators. To the general public the most notable pecu liarity about 'Semiramide' will be the scenery. It is essentially a scenic rather than a dramatic piece, and fears were naturally tntertained that little or nothing could be made of it on so small a stage. But Mr. Lyster has agreeably surprised every one by his success. It may be faint praise to say that such scenery has never before been seen in the Victoria Theatre; but such as it is, we give it freelv. The closing scene in particular— Ninus's tomb, with the city of jNiF.eveh opening out in the backsround-was excellent, both in design and execution. Were we disposed to be hypercritical we might object to the winged bull as having too prominent a development of leg. It may be a moet point, however, with archaeologists, and the scene-painter should have the benefit of it. ' Semiramide'' is on the whole a fine specimen of its class, and the Adelaide public are indebted to Mr. Lyster for his enteiprise iu so worthily repre senting it. The opera announced for thi3 evening is ' Masaniellq,' or 'LaMuette de Portici.' The music of which is by Auber, aud the libretto by Scribe aiid Delavigne. The connection of these famous names with the piece would be sufficient to give it a high rank amonc kindred composi tions, but added to this there is the test of actual experience, which has availed to give it a wide snread renutation. Masamello was composed by Auber in 1S27, and was first performed at the Academie loyal de Musique, Parip, early in 1S28. Auber was then 44 years of age. He lad previously composed nine or 10 operas, but with one exception scarcely anything is known of them beyond their names. 11 is 'Masaniello' at once placed him amount the greatest composers of the age. In this opera he first ventured to rely entirely upon his owu resources. He had been trained in the school of Rossini, and all his previous efforts were tinged, more or less, with the peculiarities of that great master of song. But 'Masaniello' is essentially original, both in regard to its construction as a whole and the treatment of its parts Though neither so florid in its melodies as those peculiar to the Italian opera, uor so magestic in its choruses as are the colossal productions of the best German composers; it yet embraces many of the excel lencies of both, with many others of its own. The overture is for the most part in B flat. Its merry triplets dance along like the cheerful rippling of a streamlet on a summer's morn, and the general effect is rendered still more agreeable by the intro duction at intervals and in different keys of the elegant air which thecompostrhas so skilfully inter laced with the full chorus of Neapolitans, fishermen, aud conspirators towards the end of the fourth act. It is, perhaps, best known as 'Come o'er the moonlight sea.' This and several other air3 are almost as familiar to the lover of secular music as any of our own national songs. They arc heard not only in the theatre, but in the drawiug-room, the music hall, the hall-room, and tlie public streets. It is saiu that Auber made it a rule never to hear hi3 operas a second time; his object being to avoid plagiarism even from limseii. Alia one ot tne peculiar excellencies cf his 'Masaniello' is the marked distinctiveness of its several parts. Though the unity of the whole is preserved, the airs, concerted parts, and choruses ate strikingly chaiacteristic of the attendant scenes aud circumstances. Thus, the uir sung by Elvira on bur first entrance, surrounded by the young Spanish maiJens. who 'with dance and song congratulate her on her approaching nuptials, is of that jocund, exhilarating character which a vivacious merry-hearted bride may be supposed to feel in anticipation of the ' coming event.' But how very dissimilar is the style of the recitative and air with which the fourth act commences, iu which the Fisherman King, alone in his lowly cottage, dispirited and chafed by the consideration that all his efforts. ' those ruthless tigers failed to tame,' gives expression to his grief in the pensive ' wail of woe' — 'Oh, day of horror! Oh, what shame, what crimes I' Then, asain, in the celebrated market chorus, as well us in that which follows the barcarolle near the end ef the second act, the several parts march straight on in rapid yet exaci measure, like the tramp of an army moving forward to battle. Here the character of the music is quite distinct, yet perfectly appropriate; and the same may be said of many other of the concerted pieces. Iu looking through the Paris edition of the score, we observe that Auber has no mercy on the principal per formers. He has carried their parts far above the register of ordinary voices; and if it be true that the 'concert pitch' is still gradually rising, it is certain that the opera will have to be transposed, or it will be impracticable. Act 1. The heroine is Henella, a dumb girl, sister of the Fisherman j King Masaniello, who figured in the Neapolitan devolution of 1C17, and whose sudden elevation to royal dignity, and no less speedy downfall, forms so interesting a page in the history of the much oppressed ami volatile race who constitute the sovereignty of Naples. She is first introduced as a suppliant to tilvira, the attianced bride of Alfonso, son of the Viceroy, on account of the attempt of Selva, captain of the guaid, to capture her and reconsign her to the prison to which she had been committed by Alfonso, who had inspired in her breast a pas sionate attachment which he himself reciprocated. Elvira being in the midst of tbe preliminaries to her own nuptials, and engaged in receiving the congratulations of her attendants, readily extends her protection to the eloquent entreaties of the dumb girl, who displays a scarf-a token given her by herlover— and promises io plead her cause with the Prince. Lorenzo, the chosen friend of Alfonso, whom he has been endeavouring to rally from the dejection he exhibits on account of Fenella, by a picture |of the joys which await him, now informs Elvira that the bridal altar requires her presence, and she at once repairs to tiie chapel. While the ceremony is in progress the mute presses through the populace crowding around the door, and is only restrained from entering by the determined opposition of Selva. On hearing of the consummition of the marriage rites she presents a spectacle of the greatest despair, and is shortly afterwards recog nised by Alfonso, who has had his attention directed to her by his happy bride. He utters an exclamation of remorse, and is denounced by Fenella as her betrayer. She then disappears through the crowd, while behisd her are heard the menacing shouts of the guards, and the commands of the now afflicted Elvira to spare as she has pardoned her. Act 2. The scene is this act is transferred to the seacoast, where a number of fishermen are as sembled engaged in their ordinary occupations, and lishtening their labour* with song. By and by they are joined by Masaniello and Pietro, who have been ineffectually seeking for Fenella, and who now mournfully but bitterly dilate upon the oppression to which they are subject from those in authority. Their interview is broken in upon by the apparition of the Muette, who ib observed on the summit of the adjacent rocks as if contemplating a plunge into the sea. Her brother calls her, and abandoning her purpose she joins him, explains by signs and gesticulation that she has loved and Iveen betrayed by a Spaniard who was to have married her, but who was of too high a rank to unite himself with her. Stung by a sense of the foul wrong inflicted ou his sister, Masaniello summons his comrades, incites them to revolt by a recital of the exactions of which they have been made the victims, and stimulates them to swear to be avenged upon their tyrants. They concoct schemes of offence, but de termine ou concealing their purpose under a semblance of gaiety and mirth. They plan a march upon Naples, -hut hide their weapons among the produce they bear with them, while, as they advance with their loads, they, with one consent, -- Merrily chant the barcarole.' Act 3.— Alfonso, iu an apartment in the palace, solicits pardon and reconciliation at the hands of Elvira, which her affectionate woman's heart accords. ? Then succeeds a scene in the market place, where the vendors of flowers, fruits, and Other commodities have arranged their wares in tempting order, and now volubly call upon their customers to inspect 'all nature's choicest stores.' In the midst of thesa transactions Selva and his soldiers arrive, and after carefully scrutinizing the faces composing the female groups scattered around recognises Fenella, who has accompanied her brother and friends to the market. They seize her; but the proceeding attracts the notice of by standers, and Masaniello, Pietro, and the fishermen nr»«-n)itr hasten nn and demand an exolanation. OCIVU IlilUglllllJT lUlUJUiO UiUUUUU illbUipbUlb ta UN the monarch's orders, and directs a soldier to dis.irm tbe leader of the traitors who thus presumed to question this act of his. Masaniello immediately stabs his assailant to the heart, a deed which is the signal for an instantaneous and general rising. Selva and his band are disarmed,' and after com mittuig their cause to the arbitrament of heaven, the insurgents 'rush on to vengeance'' amid the exhortation of their valiant leader to ? ' ensure in the ensanguined fray, The conquerer's laurel for each hero's brow. Or for then- tomb tbe martyr's palm.' Act 4. The revolution has been successful and Masaniello having retired to his (humble cottage deplores the ferocity of the slaves to whora he had given liberty, and who ' When they with blood became intoxicated,' do but turn to tyrants. Fenella, overpowered by fatigue,. enters and describes the carnage and disorder to which Naples has been given up, and then resigns herself to repose. The entrance ofPetro with his companions, who has come charged with the demands of the victorious conspirators, that theViceroy's son, who had been traced to the neighbourhood, should be made a victim of their revenge, arouse? her. and she is terror-stricken to hear of the fate designed for him whom she had loved too well, lhe rest then retire, leaving her alone in the apartment, and jpon afterwards she hears a knock at the loor. On opening it she discovers Alfonso and blvira, and a fierce snuggle takes place within tier, ts to whether she should afford shelter to the outcast Dair. Compassion and their urgent mpphcations at length prevail, and she swears to save them or perish. The return of Masaniello, and subsequently of Pietro and his friends, greatly complicates matters; but Masaniello, who has taken an oath to afford the royal fugitives his pro tection and hospitality, resists the clamour of the rest for their immediate destruction, and thereby seriously imperils his own safety, as his resistance is regarded as an exercise of tyrannical authority. The grateful populace now come in procession to endue their deliverer with kingly honour; and in the coronation scene there is a display of gor geousness and magnificence which alone fives a character of superiority to the opera. In the midst of it all, however, the unappeased vengeance of the more blood-thirsty rebels, of whom Pietro is chief, evinces itself, and while the triumphal procession is on its way. they darkly menace the object of the popular rejoicings with their weapons. Act 5.— Pietro contrives to introduce a subtle poison into Masaniello's wine, when he and his fellow-plotters receive tidings that Alfonzo with a powerful band is marching towards the palace, while, as if in unison with this impending calamity, the angry roarins of Vesuvius is heard in the distance. In the extremity which appeared inevitable, some expressed reliance on Masaneillo. and presently the deliverer appears. His disordered dress and rambling utterances proclaim that he has been bereft of reason by the fatal drug administered to him; but the earnest appeals made to him to guide the forces available to oppose Alfonso's approach seem partially to rouse him from the lethargy into which he has been plunged, and the eager gestures of Fenella, who explains to him the triumphant progress of the foe, completely restores to him his faculties, and, calling loudly for his arms, he seeks the conflict, leaving his sister iu charge of Borella, who frequently figures in the course of the piece. The first tidings of the battle aro brought by Elvira, whose life has been rescued by Masaneillo, and who seeks Fenella to urtre her to beUke herself to instant tl'L'ht. Alfonso shortly afterwards joins them, and bears the mournful intelligence that the noble Fisherman King has fallen a sacrifice to the rage of the people for having preserved Elvira, and that the Viceroy's troops had dispeised the horde of relwk Fenel'ln, on hearing, falls fainting into Elvira's arm?, au-l upon recovering clasps her hand, cists a louk of affection upon Alfonso, and speeds to the top of the staircase at the back of thesta^e. Standing upon the terrace she unfastens her scarf- the Ioiik treasured gift of her lover— and throws it to Alfonso, and after briefly sun-eying the tcrrilic spectacle presented by Vesuvius in all the agitation of an active eruption, she plunges into the crater, from which the flames leap with accelerated fury. The awe- struck lieholders fall prostrate, aud the chorus supplicate— ' On ! pardon them our crime; Protect us, Heaven, we pray; O may the victim of this hour Thy righteous vengeance stay.' The Fiue-Extixguisheu. — The public wens invited to the South Park Lands on Wednesday to witness experiments in putting out fires by the patent fire- extinguisher of Mr. Vigrion and Dr. Carlier, and of which Messrs. Younghusbaud and Co, are the agents for this colony. Two large piles of inflammable materials— principally tar-barrels— were erected near to the Green Dragon, and these were tilled with shavings. Looking at the nature of these constructions, and supposing them to be once really in flames, it was admitted that the test would be a sufficient one. Notice of the experi ment having been given in the papers, and omnibuses being appointed to leave the Exchange at 2.30, a large number of persons assembled n the ground, amongst whom were several of our leading colonists. The experiments were uiulcr the management of Mr. A. J. Baker, who with his men were on the ground iu uniform. The extinguisher, called L'Extincteur, has bohu thing of the appearance of an oil can. It is made in different sizes, and is finished with a small flexible pipe and tap. This can is filled with a lluid heavily charged with carbonic acid gas, and on the tap being turned it i9 projected with moderate force some 10 or 12 feet. The patentee has pub lished extracts from the Press of England, France, and Belgium, containing reports of experiments which have been successfully made with it, and in which it is said large fires were extinguished in two or three minutes by the simple application of the mixture. Exactly at 3 o'clock two of the firemen auuroached one of the nilcs. i-ncli naviug oae of the medium-sized extinguishers, and the fire being lighted, with almost incredible rapidity it burst into a bright and roaring flame. iThe taps of the extinguishers were turned, and a jet of liquid, apparently about half an inch in diameter, was projected a few feet. The heat was too great to allow the men to get near enough to pour the liquid into the heart of the lire, and that which did reach the Hainc did not appear t j produce the smallest effect on it. It was not per. ceptibly diminished in the slightest degree. A third can was then opened, and it was positively ridiculous to see the three tiny streams poured into lhe mass of burning materials. Uoats of laughter were evoked .from. the good-humoured crowd, and some of the more ingenious and less scrupulous amongst them were finding out the most outrageous similes and illustrations of the process. The patent having failed, the firemen turned on the water (from the street main, when the eflect was most marked. The immense body of water, being projected with great force, subdued the raging flames in less than half a minute. The experiment, as far as the water was concerned, wiis exceedingly satisfactory. We haveexumined the col lected opinions of the i Press relative toL'Extinctcur, according to which it has been most successful in other places, and therefore we cannot account for its signal failure here. It was suggested that it would be successful only within doors and where me exicrnai aunospnerc wouiu oe exciuucu, uir tiiis is a reasonable suggestion. But it would appear from the number of extracts taken from European newspapers that it has been sucessful in the open air. Perhut-s it is not ' warranted to keep good in all climates.' We confess we should like to see au experiment made with it indoors, because if succeibf ul in such an experiment it may still have is uses. New Jetty at Aldinga.— A correspondent at Aldinga write3 as follows: — 'Thu lion. Com missioner of Public Works paid an official visit to this neighbourhood on Friday last, to .inspect the site of the new jetty. A deputation waited on the lion, gentleman a few days before to impiets oa him the desirability of having the approaches to the jetty cut out of the cliff instead of being a sheet-piled road along the beach as propostd by the engineer. In the opinion of those best able to judge from long residence in the locality, the sheet-piled road would not stand one winter's pales, while the approaches by the cliff would present no danger of being worn away. After a very careful inspection, the Commissioner ex pressed his entire concurrence in the views of the inhabitant?, and promised th -t before any definite action should be taken by the Government that the matter should bu carefully re-examined into, and jf necessary, a resurvey made. He could not positively say that the wished-for alterations would be made, as there might be engineering difficulties in the way, which had presented them selves to Messrs. Hanson & Hamilton, but were not visible to him. He regretted that the illness of Mr. Hanson prevented him accompanying him, as he should have derived great 'assistance from his professional knowledge, and would then have been in a position to have spoken iu a more positive manner. Those interested in the work sincerely trust that now we are to have a new jetty, we shall have one that will last some con siderable time without repairs, and seeing the very large export trade in breadstufls carried on from this port, it is only right that a few huinlrcl pounds from the public fund* should be expended here as iudiciouslv as mav lie.' The Muuiuy Tuade.— The Albury Post, after alluaing to the misbaps met with by the Lady Darling, says:— 'It is quite impossible that a carrying trade can be successfully accomplished under such disadvantages, and if there is to be no big flood this winter owners of vessels will act wisely in laying up their craft until such time as the river shall bu effectually cleared. It is all non sense to attempt to guarantee the delivery if goods within a Ies3 period than twelve months by the Murray route. At present the Albury storekeepers are short of various descriptions of goods, and if they trust to the Murray steamers to bring them up the chances arc that they will have to oriltr the same goods three or four times over before they will obtain delivery of a single invoice. Mean while retail prices in Albury are gradually creeping up, and the public are naturally disgustted. The Murray Kiver, in fact, is the greatest drawback to the progress of the disirict Ilia's we ever h*l to complain of. The existcucc of this dangerous sna-.'-ct!cumbcred stream furnishes an argument in Melbourne against our getting either roads or railways, hut not a single ca go has yet been landed at Albury during the present season, nor is it certain that we shall see a steamer this year— barring, perhaps, a toy boat or two, carrying a load nut much biguer than a wa^on would bring. What with the border customs and other incon veniences, the Munay Kiver is felt to be so };reat a nuisance that we have heard propositions seriously entertained to collect a local subscription and turn the course of the Murray in such a direction a« to place Albuiyin the colony of Victoria. We might turn the river at a moderate expense, but common sense dictates that such a proceeding would not alter tbe existing boundaries of the two colonies. In mining parlance, our river is 'a shicer,' and we had better abandon it before we throw away any more time, labour, or capital into it.' NEW YoiiK Editors.— An excellent article on journalism in general, and the New York Herald in particular, appears in the last number of the North American Jteriew, in which the writer observes that ' the great error ot the publishers of profitable journals hitherto has been the wretched compensation paid to writers anil reporters. To this hour there is but one individual connected with the daily press in New York-not a pro prietor—who receives a salaty sufficient to keep a tolerable house and bring up a family respectably and comfortably ; and if any one would find that individual, lie must look for him, alag, in the oltice of the Herald. To be plainer, decent average housekeeping in the city of New York now costs a hundred dollars a week (£l,(jUO per annum), and there u but one salary of that amount paid in N ew York to a journalist who ewus no property in his journal. The consequence is that there is scarcely an individual connected with a daily paper who is not compelled or tempted to eke out his ridiculous salary by other writing, to she injury of his health and the constant deterioration of his wcrk. Every morning the public comes fresh and eager to tbe newspaper. Freehand eager minds should alone minister to it. No woik done on this earth con sumes vitality so fast as carefully-executed com position, ami consequently one of the main condi tions of a man's writing his best is that he should write little and rest often.' According to the re viewer, the only newspaper proprietor in New York *ho has the discernment to appreciate the value of this sort of work, and the liberality to reward it. is the owner of the infamous Herald. Matters, however, are said to be improving in other quarters, and tbe writer adds that 'just as fast as the daily press advances in real independence and efficiency, the compensation of journalists will increase.' 