H ? Mill II II T NEWS. ^^Btbaoedy.— The Tarrangower ^^B following charge to the jury on ^^Bf tbe inquest on the body of ^^Bood, It will be sees according ^^Hiat the jury returned a verdict ^^Hth the instructions which tbe ^^K (it to give them, and though ^^BtcJ by that functionary in the ^^m terms w uruig iu ujuiuer, ^^Bund Webster ' guilty of man H^Bdw is the discrepancy to be ex B^B evident eitber that Dr. Mackay B^Bf tbe law, or that the jury deh B^Kside his interpretation of it. BBfickay was wrong or the jury B^He have no hesitation in express B^Bn, not only that Dr. Mackay BBpthc evidence, and confounded B^Fcase with the case which he BHrchbold, bat that the jury could BB^viaence before them, have re BBfr Te™lc'' 'uan ™a' which they BBT Archbold's case ? 'A servant BBto watch and protect his master's BBkbt He saw a man enter the BBU at ami killed him. It web BBf was not justified in eo doing, BB fair ground to believe bis own BBftual danger, and tbe homicMe BBVehter at least, if not murder.' BBpuold, and it must at once be BHJrfthe conditions of the act which BBp verdict of manslaughter, if not BBfrchbold's case, was altogether BBfHe of Webster. All tbe evi ?Btliovv that Webster fired in the ?Bf without seeing tbe object, fired BBpim at itj and fired, therefore, ??{^rate intent to kill. Here ?Bb divergence between, the two ?Bp entirely destroys the analogy BBtuy resumed to exist, and en ?* vitiates Dr. Mackay'e reason BBf3 founded on that presumed ?Hunter in the Times confines ??ner discrepancy in the .two cases, ??while Archibald's servant fired at BBV^ter fired orer his, but though ?BV_to confirm the absence ofinten ???iiBlanre not being eo amenable ?^?t worth much towards guiding a B^BjPI1;'~'^De Coroner, in '.summing BBY-ej°ry that there could be no ??f i deceased came to his death by a BBf , ', mi tlmt tue wound was caused ?Waiter. The only question for ??f under to the degree of their ?? was bound to tell them ?H the case, however painful BB ^ aod lueir feelings. The iaw ?Bed homicide to be murder, and it ??accused to prove that certain ex BBtumsta'«» proved he was not BBor- ** the most, only guilty of ??? InthhcBse he was bound to ?Wore them, and he conld, there BV^t that their verdict should be ?? the Uw provided that if the death ?B be caused by another, rtile the BBy-e «onimi68ion of an unlawful act, ?Wur. It must be obvioui to the BP^ewthedeceasea, Silverirpoa, ??on the premises of Mr. Webster, ??''calling on him as a medical ?I but e»en had he been there for the ?Wealing fowl8j the lav would not ?filter to ehoot him down. Tbe ???clear on the point, and lie would ?p a case :— « A servant was em BP'1™1 and protect his master's B».T'j HeBaw» »»«- enter the ?,e?.re? at «--d killed the man. The B: ttat. ?an was guilty of murder, m-f not lawral for him to use fire BlJ:eii-!0uS Pr°vetliBt his own life H »?, VV*0 B0od ? ciuse. ?» he mu«t ?j'gkl, and it was proved that the ?-Wea came tohim iu theordinary Btl ? WaJ 6hotS ana» » *»-e law Kaalited the act as most murderous 1*1 b't »««. as they bad the law ?S to the law, tbe „,, ^|9 one /r ML r?°mwa8 then cleared, and in ?«^t -he verdict was ready. On re WiZ. ? T1^ Btated that the jury Bv*3liAmtrf»wn i-»i:__ «_ . - - In? ****-!* the «'? of the ««* ),,.tonl!,c ,.wj) with the m.mui i.s wTcT7 ::l!u-e.I. X.r. Clarke, the rK-f.-i.tlant i' ?- ' -.:-sc, m^lo a !-rief statement. -leiirin-' n-',~.' tl,.n.a tbnt h.ii! 1 .«.-!. Rtatc.1 l;v tKe vHtm' --' f.ir the pr-^cution. Tlio ]-a,':U, aftu. „ i';;.'.' .Khlicr.itiui., g.ive its dct-i.-ion. ].-nm Ulc |n'_ trailictorv cvi-U-uce the bcui-h thnii^ht it ,-j, not juslilicd in convicting the clcfeml.ut* ,,f tlio gross cliiivges of immorality lmt fun,,l them all guilty of improper fainilinritv iml ' frcclom with the passenger?. Mr. Hill \l,. Eur«aiii, was lined £2 am] £3 mot= »,..'i * ...' : days' imprisonment. Tbe third officer Mr' Smith, was iiiin.l in the same an- ount and'oaven dny^iniprisoiimcnt , and the second officer ? Mr. Kins, au.l tlm oilier defendant wi-re duel ' A-2 each and 4«a cost-., autl one hour's in,, i jinsonnient. The fiirgeon and third male have applied for a prohibition to stay proceed, ings, and m the meantime have been al\me.\ ^u ]nn in rjau. A melancholy occurrence look pi nee on Thursday last, nt*Goulburn, when a youth named Joseph Miller, employed at Messrs Ail kcr land Grant's station, in the neighbourhood of len, lost Ins life. On the day in queMion lie km sent on horseback to Sloan's punt, upon the Goulburn, for Irttcrs. Heavy rains |,ad J»llcn lor several days previously, and be had to cross a creek heavily swollen with ilie back water from tbe Goulburn River. Shortly after lie left, the managers of the slntion ascertained that the rnad was much more dangerous than they had at first thought, and llijy despatched a man after him to prevent his venturing to cross the cre.k Unhappily, ho. ever, this party was unable to fall in with him, and Miller pro ceeded to Sloan's punt, where he readied safely and started to come back with the letters It is supposed that the horse was too much fatigued for the return jonrney, ae there was a creek where the accident occurred, a puntiman who lived upon the brink, warned him not to cross ; but Miller persisted, and urgine his horse into the middle of the flood, was swept off, and almost immediately disappeared the liorse struggling out at the opposite side. The man who had spoken to him ran for assistance but nothing further was seen of the unfortunate young [man, whose body has not jet been found. Miller was only 1C years of age, and it is said Hint bo has relatives living at Kynelop — Gcelong Register. A Government Gazelle Extraordinary, pub . — ^.. ^nCt ui^i.L, iiituvtre sue louowiQg notinea» tions :— ' The Governor has been pleased to appoint Henry Charles Manners-SuttoD, Esq. 3\. A. to be His Excellency's private Secretary. Lhe Governor has been plcaBed to Appoint Henry Charles Manners-Sutton, Esq., (private secretary) to be acting aide-de- camp to His Ex cellency. His Excellency the Governor will wld a levee at the Exhibition Building, Mel bourne, on Thursday, the 23rd August instant, at three o'clock in the afternoon. Gentlemen attending the levee are requested to appear in uniform, or in full evening costume, and to pro vide themselves with two cards with the name legibly written thereon ; one card to be left un tbe table at the entrance-hall, and the other (o be given to the acting aide-de- camp. Incorpo rated and other bodies, societies, and persons desirous of presenting addresses or memorials to the Governor on this occasion, are requested to transmit copies of such addresses or memori als to His Excellency's private secretary pre viously. The Governor directs it to be made knowD for general information, that he will be happy to receive those persons who may wish to Bee him on Thursday in every week, between the hours of one and three p.m. At the same time His Excellency wishes it to be understood that gentlemen from the country, or any other persons wishing to communicate with him per sonally on business which will admit of no delay, win ue reraiveu uu any uay- or ai any nour mat he may happen to be in town and disengaged. Lady Manners-Sutton will be at home for the reception of visitors on Tuesday and Friday in each week, between the hours of two and four p.m. Visitors calling on other days are reques ted to inscribe their names in the book kept for tbat purpose.' Akotheu Accident. — An accident oceured at Woodford on Wednesday last, to a man named Patrick Healy. The man was driving a horse team from Strath's mill, and when pass ing through the gate opposite O'Grady's Hotel, he got crushed between the dray and the post. Assistance was shortly at baud, and Dr. Breton arrived from town be soon as possible and attended, to the sufferer, who was taken to O'Grady's Hotel. We understand Healey is progressing favourably. — Warnam bool Examiner. Shocking and Fatal Accident. —One of tbe most fearful accidents we have had to record for some time past occurred in Framlingham Forest on Monday last. Two lads, named ' James Whittet and Alexander Scott, aged respectively 13 and IS, went out in the forest kangaroo shooting. Scott had a double barrelled guD, and having fired off one barrel, he got on a log to re-load. The log was slippery from.the rain, and whilst in; the actof -loading, the unfortunate boy slipped and fell, taking the gun with him. The loaded barrel exploded, and the charge entered the boy 'aside, Mining out near tlio opposite shoulder. The youngest Irtd, Whlltet, remained till poor Scott died, (only a few minutes), and he then got assist ance. An inquest was held on the body ,- on Wednesday, by Dr. Harrington, the district coroner, when a verdict of ' Accidental death1' was retained. The deceased lad was a son of Mtv Teter Scott, a farmer well known in Purnim.— Warrnanibool Examiner. . Accident.— A sad accident occurred in Timor -street, just opposite the Examiner office, on Wednesday last. The contractors for repairing the -footpaths were using a heavy roller, and a lad about eleven years of age, a eon of Mr. Graham, the cooper, got . on the machine, in tbe manner in which boys generally do. Before the machine could be stopped, the boy fell down in front, and the roller pasted over a portion of his face. Tbe lad was, of course, picked up insensible, and it was found that his nose was split, and bis . mouth and chin injured, but fortunately no fatal hurt was received.' Dr. Harringtopyas sent for immediately, and we believe the lad is' progressing favourably.— W amiambdol Ex aminer. , - : ' The Ohm Land Chronicle reports the fol lowing disastrous occurrence .—'A melancholy and fatal accident occurred at Lake Wellington on Monday evening, by whioh Mr. Ben. Flint, captain of the body of the Lake, steam-tug; and brother to Vtt. James Flint, of tire Lstoobe bridgo receiving warehouse, was drowned. Tbe steamer left the bridge *t half- past twelve o'clock on Monday, and when about half my across Lake Wellington, and within about five miles of M'LeUan's Straits, the hands on board went down to dinner.'lBavingthe captain alone on deck at the tiller. On returning again on deck in about five minutes, they noticed that Mr Flint was not at the helm, and could uot be found. A little dog, which was chained up near the stern, was overboard, and was towed along by the boat, but was not drowned, and therefore could not have been long in the water. The men immediately concluded that tha captain^ had fallen overboard, and after putting the boat about, steered round in small circles for upwards of an hour, in hopes of picking him up, as they L.......T »,;™ b. ho an oxiiert swimmer ; out the search was fruitless, and havingreturned to the Latrobe-bridffe, they reported ^occurrence to his brother, ftt the stores. Mr. Macintosh was the last person who saw the captain on board. He was then resting.one leg over the iron tiller by which the boat was steered, and amusine himself by fondling the little dog. There was a fair breeze blowing at the time, and a swell on the lake, «o that it is conjee tared a short se» struck the rudder, and taking the deceased unawares, jerked him werboard. The sudden pitch must have «mpletely para lysed him, so that he conld make no effort to kW himself above the water. Y«terd»y. SoEt twelvlo'dock, Mr. G'tbridgedespatched Ihe Ariel, cutter, towed by the Xady of Hie k. «f»™ «3 V.e had no command over himselt faTtf^te.^ did not like wrfWftE Mr. Flint was » single man, about thirty ftve years of age, and highly respected by *U »no kr^Warrenheip correspondent rf &e; *r supplies * ghost Btoiy. He writes:- *or ^Ywnlu-in I,.i5 llei1, reserved the pood fortune . el producliig the fir»t veritable ghost, and the 'O'.v runs thus. In the viiii,;ty of JInmll and I'-.-hnV Inr-v.uyliv^a Mr. iianiel I'.-.hey, .a '??'::..-. i.8tl.e name betokens, nf the Emerald If io. v.lm. fir some 'deed in his dav? ' is ntv.v : t-'rin. -I'ttd by a sp:rit nf the other wnil-i whifh makes its presence known by constantly li^ht- ? n.g llio ciiuUta as soon as they were i'nt out, ???;? tli.-.t ..nee a c.-mdle is light-.l it must be thoroughly burnt out ; and n..ni.ittei-h--.w ri.-iny ctii'lli-B may be burning or wlit-re jilaced, if they are .-.II extinguished, they will by Eione ? inysl.-ii. us agency lie a^iin lighted iu the twinkling of a berlpnst,' as wo say iu lrelaud. ? ?'-' I'.M^iii.- lui^y viyii-^ri uk- .scvu-s ana all ? -?- !ii« away cxclaiiuins '? Glory be to Gud, it is : Ilie most wmulorlul thing no ever Raw.'' Mr. ! l'ahcy, in his extremity, starltd ye-terday to i cuntiilt the divinvs of liis church in whose ' bai-kwanl matters of dissevering power ' he places most implicit faith, and who no doubt ! have give him some good advice, which he j wisely keeps to himself. 1 have uot yet visited | the scene of ghostly operations, but should the wonder live until to-morrow, I purpose satisfy ing lnvsclf. when no donht I cllnll Uo Ma t*\ render a good account of bis ghostship. Tbe latest to band is that last night the [candlestick took a fit, and jumped off the table on to the floor and back again.' In reforeucu to tbe above ghost story the Gcelong Adtxrtiter remarks : —There is a very considerable want of worldly wisdom displayed in tbe BaUural Star of yes terday, in the very determined opposition ex hibited towards the Warreuheip ghost. Our contemporary lives by the district, and should surely be ready to award some little encour agement to anything sensationally new, rather than disparage native ingenuity : — ' On TuurB day the house was inspected by a number of persons from various parts of tho district, ?-'?ivHo few uuiaiu but: JiUHJUJWUb bcllC - HUH Hi' though the Fahey family appeared strong in their belief that candles had been lighted and displaced in the house by some mysterious agency, they seemed singularly alone in such ac outrageous opinion. Oue point in this most ridiculouB of ghost 'torieB is that the candles were only eaid to be lighted after the persons had left, tbe room, the supernatural visitor not being forthcoming when anyone was present to witness its effect. It looked on Thursday with candles strewed about iu the house in the most extravagant profusion, and some of them crossed in the most approved fashion, as if a wake had just been celebrated ; and perhaps the proximity of the haunted dwelling to the brewery, and the well known quality of the beer may be reasonably taken id support of that view of the case.' Now, a notice of this kind is neither fair to a new aspirant for public fame, nor advantageous to the neighbourhood, and we should not be surprised if the inhabi tants of Warrenheip were to enter an indignant disclaimer against this kind of criticism. A pro test to the following effect might do some good, especially if signed by an M.L.A., an ex- mayor, and others : — We think that BUch scurrilous no tices have a prejudicial effect on the interests of the town, and prevent talented performers visiting ns, whereby we are deprived of many an evening's entertainment, and casual visitors have more reason to call Warrenheip dull in consequence. At several meeting^ the farmers held lately in the agricultural districts, resolutions have been passed in favor of an import duty on all grain arriving from foreign countries. The following interesting account of pre servation from drowning has been received, says the Dailu Neion. bv a resident in Castle maine, from a passenger in the Swiftsure on her last voyage tn England :— ' A. sailor boy fell from the maintop into the ees, when we were going between ten and eleven knots an hour. A life-buoy was thrown to him, which he caught, and in a few minutes the Bnip was stopped and & boat let down, but by that time the boat was half a mile astern. Pre sently a squall of wind and misty rain came on, and we lost sight of the boat even from the masthead ; at length the first mate saw it, and the captain noted its direction by the compass, and then ' boutwl ' ship to go back to it In the meantime tho wind had shifted three points, «o we were able to go back to exactly our former place, and fancy our surprise and joy to hear the shout of ' The boy is ahead of us, swimming straight for the ship 1' A rope was thrown, to him but he missed it, and aleo lost tbe life-buoy; however, the sailmaker jumped into the sea after him, tied a rope round him, pnd both were brought safely on board. The lad was dreadfully exhausted, and very cold, having been in the sea for two hours and a half. He was well rubbed and wrapped in warm blankets, but he would not sleep till he heard that the boat was safe, which was not till about an hour after. Only imagine the surprise of those ou board when they heard that the boy was on board. The captain (Mayhew) had never heard of such an escape before. That tbe ship should run down to the spot where the lad was, seemed truly providential. The boy and the sailmaker both returned thanks for their deliverance on the next Sunday, etc.' One of the most impudent and singular rob beries we have heard of for some time past was committed (says the Castlemaine Daily News) in tbe Wesleyau Church, Barker-street, during Tuesday afternoon. A tin of kerosene had been Bent op by Mr. Dawson in the early part of the forenoon for the use of the church, and. .deposited in an enclosed, cupboard. The church door was also left unlocked: In the evening wuen Kerosene was required far filling up the lamps the newly purchased tin was found to be quite empty. It was clear that it had not leaked after delivery, as tbe place where it stood was perfectly dry, and it was equally clear it was full when received. The secret was soon discovered— Bmail holes had been forced in the top and bottom of the tin and tbe kerosene had been drawn out and stolen. It is rather singular the thief did not remove the tin with its contents, as drawing off ihe kerosene .must have been a work of sometime, and likely to lead to apprehension in the act. But most probably the novel method he adopted was to avert suspicion while re moving his booty. Ho doubt the thief had watched the delivery of the tin and waited hiB opportunity. A day or two ago a remarkable and serious case i-f poisoning oceured at Whittlcsea, by which a. family -of «igtit person experienced a very narrow escape of their lites. It appears the mother of the family had made a pudding, of which all the members partook, and were immediately afterwards affected with violent retchinge, vomitings, and tbe other usual symptoms of poisoning. For these symptoms the mother could not account, except that she had made the pudding in a dish which had pre viously contained a mixture of sulphur that had been purchased of a cliemiBt. to cure a dog of the distemper. On inquiry at the store it was ascertained that the puison -which had been bought was turps mineral, a corrosive poison of tho most destructive Iripd, sold by chemists for di8temper.in dogs, and of which two grains is considered sufficient to cause death in one of those animals. It if not known what quantity of the poison might have iieen left in the basin in which the pudding was made, but it must have been pretty .considerable to cauBu such dangerous effects in so large a family. Some of the suSerere are not considered to be quite out of danger yet. A fatal accident which occurred at an early hour yesterday morning at Nunawading formed the subject of an inquest held yesteraay, at tbat place by Mr. uancuer, aistnct coroner, upon the body of a woodcatter, named John Farkhurst, aged twenty-eight years. John Quiulan,-a farmer of Nonawading, stated that between .twelve and one o'clock that morning, it being shea dark and raining, deceased passed him with a dray on the White 'Horse road. He then called for deceased, but got no answer. He got the horse out of the shafts, and then found that deceased was lying under the dray, with his head bent downwards. Life was quite extinct The place was said by this and a subsequent witness to be a jaoBt dangerous one, the road ^being upon a 'sideling,' which' required cutting away to render it safe. It was a CoAernment road, but was at that part almost impassable, even in tbe daylight The jury returned a verdict that deceased had been accidently killed by the overturn of his dray, and added to their verdict a rider, recommend ing the state ol tbe roaa in question to tut no tice of the authorities. —Argvs. Glass v. Mabtin.— An action by Hugh Glass, squatter and merchant, of Melbourne, against Robert Martin, M.D., of Heidelberg, to recover damages for breach of a contract under seal, embodying the terms of the sale of i the Mount Sturgeon Station, and for false re- j presentations before and leading to ^he con- i tract. The station was sold by the defendant to the plaintiff in l-V-ljniary, 1050, fur £7il,ii'Jl-, payable .it the end of seven Vffirs, with in ter..'! at eight per c-i-nt., paval lo y.arly ; an accepbtneu --( seven years being given for the principal, and six acceptances for the yearly interest, tho collateral security being also given of .'. deposit of the deals of property in .Mel bourne valued at £02.000. Tho contract em bodying the terms of the sale was iir.ilcr .seal, aud it recited toe stock on the station to lie about :ii.l)(IU sheep, 5.000 cattle, and 230 hordes, or thereabouts ; the purchased land to he 1,000 acres, or thereabouts. The breach of cnulract alleged was. that the stock reallv con sisted only (-( ,il)imi.'23,000 shcup, 2,fiOU cattle. and about 1»U Jiorsc ; and tlic purchased land only of 720 ncres. There was also an allega tion that .ill tbe pastoral land sold was not delivered. The damages clainn d were £30,000. The evidence on both sides has occupied about a week, and the finishing speeches of counsel occupied yesterday. Mi. Ireland, Q.C., Mr, Dawson, ilr. Fellows, and Mr. C. A. Smyth for the jilaintiB'. Sir. Michie, Q.C., Mr. Billing, Mi. Harris, and Mr. Martin for the defendant. His Honour occupied tlie whole of to-dav un to tbe mid-dav adjournment, in summing up. He directed the jury that there was no evidence to support the count for fraudulent misrepresentation ; and that there must be a verdict for tbe plaintiff on the other count for Boine amount, in respect of the defi ciency of laud delivered. As to the rest of tVe case, he read over some portions of the volu minous and contradictory evidence of the numerous witnesses, and left the jury to decide between them on tbe contested breaches of contract. The jury retired. At half-past eight p.m. the- jury returned into court. Their verdict was on the first count, for breach of contract, firstly, as to the licensed Crown land, involving tbe question of boundaries aud of deficient acreage delivered, for the defendant ; secondly, as to tbe purchased land, involv ing the question of purchased land and deficient acreage delivered, for the plaintiff, damages, £478, there being 314 acres short, at £1 12s per acre; thirdly, as to cattle and the deficiency below 5,000, the number sold, for the plaiutiff, damages £4,456 Gs 5d, there being 1,150 short, at £3 17s. per beast ; fourthly, as to sheep, for tbe plaintiff, damages £1,100, there being 2,000 short, nt lls per sheep ; fifthly, as to horses, for the plaintiH, damages £480, there being forty short, at £12 per horse. Total damages for deficient stock, £6,507 5s. Lastly, as to interest by way of rebate on tbe interest overpaid iu seven years on the price of stock not delivered, for the plaintiff, damages £3,904 12s. On the count for false representa tions the verdict was for the defendant. By agreement between the parties, the jury re ceive a handsome addition to their legal fees, for their long attendance during the case. The following paragraph, which we clip f^om. the Bendigo Advertiser, will perhaps show how detective officers often get lauded for an acute ness which, in many cases, they do not possess: — ' An inquiry of a very peculiar nature is to be held to-day before Mr. Superintendent Chomley, the subject being a complaint made Mr. Edward O'Keefe, of the Commercial hotel, against Detective O'NeiL The complaint made by Mr. O'Keefe to the Chief Commissioner of Police is, we learn, to the following effect : — Mr. O'Keefe states tbat some few days before 'hj[* .T TT \XTa11 4-Un Into n..*t.~.l...~.. _f i.1. _ ****- v. riui. uau, UUB law OCI-lCUIl V UJ. UllC Campaspe Eoad Board, was arrested on the charge of embezzlement, he (Mr. O'Keefo) having previously arranged the matter with the friends of Mr. Wall, saw Detective O'Neil, and stipulated with the latter that if informa tion were given of the whereabouts of Mr. Wall, and his arrest effected, a portion of tbe reward of £20 was to bo handed over to him (O'Keefe) for the purpose of his defence. Mr. O'Keefe asserts tbat this bargain was made by Detective O'Neil ; that the information was given to him ; that Wall was instructed to be at a certain place, where the detective was to attend ; that all this was done, and that Wall was accordingly taken at the place and hour appointed ; but that when the reward was re ceived by Detective O'Neil bo repudiated tbe agreement, and refused to hand over auy of it to Mr. O'Keefe, who in the meantime had, on tbe Strenrrtll nf Mr. O'Nnira nmminn rof.atn/ui counsel for his defence, and had become per s?nally responsible for the expenses. Such arc the main features of the case referred by Mr. StandiBh to Mr. Chomley for investigation and report.' The appointment by his Excellency of his own son to act as aide-de camp as well as private secretary, is received with disfavour by military and semi-military men, who think that none but an Officer of one of the branches of the service should bold the appointment. ? Geelong Advertiser. Tho Victorian Lime and Cement Company have established a new industry, in the shape of filters, chiselled out of a species of lime stone, called the dripping stone ; we inspected two models at the company's offices, Little Malop-street, yesterday, and found them to act admirably. During the summer months they will be invaluable. — Geelong Advertiser. We understand that the Government are now surveying land in the Wimmera district in large blocks for sale by auction, and that they piux-ose allowing the purchaser of one to take the adjacent three at the same price. The Riverine Herald supplies the following : — 'A case which was heard at the Echuca Police Court yesterday, in. which oue publican summoned the barman of another for illegally detaining a cheque, created some insterest and attracted a good many people to listen to its details. We have nothing to say of this particular case, it is only one amongst the hundreds of instances of money, hardly gained perhaps, being fooled away in a few hours, which daily take place throughout the colony. It is no new thing for a man to knock down a cheque ; bo common indeed that nine coses out of ten no notice is taken of the means, either by the victim or by anybody eke. It is not always that the former cares to expose to the world at large the fact that he has made a fool of himself, though the world at large would care nothing at all about it, or whether he made away with himself as well as his money. But when a man, feeling at the end of his spree that he has not been allowed to spend his money fairly, and conceiving himself fleeced, invests in a summons for the purpose of 'righting* himself, then there are ample 'motals to be deduced from Ws unwholesome experiences. Did anyone ever hear in any other country than this of a labouring man squandering away in two days the earnings of perhaps twice as many months. According to Mr. Tayloi's calculations his client must have swallowed, or cause to be swallowed, something like 537 sixpenny nobblers in the course of two days— u the statement of the defendant was correct ; and even 'allowing tbat this calculation was erroneous— for meals and a bottle of No. 2 (?) were amongst the items in the set-off — still the consumption must have been terrific, The question, is, would any sober or sane man have countenanced such prodi gality. If not, surely there is a clause in the Publican's Act which expressly provides that liquor snail not be provided to the order of a dranken man. ' If not, wherefore?' as that profound reasoner. Captain Bunsby, was wont to observe. We dare say that many will think very lightly of these things, and we heard a remark about the very case to which we have referred, to the effect that the speaker, re membered the time when a cheque of six tunes the amount would have been ' knocked down ' in a single night, and nothing said about it. So do we, but we are not ashamed to class our selves amongst those who tbank. God that that time is past, and that the curse of Australia has in some measure been lightened from the \mi.'— Mount Alexander Mail BoBOUGB Council. — There is nothing of sufficient importance in the minutes of the last meeting of the Borough. Council to warrant their being published. The tender of Messrs. Dawkins and Forrester was accepted for build ing the Weights and Measures Office (alongside the present weighbridge), for £69.— - Belfast Paper. The first consignment of smoked kangaroo hams from Mr. Niffnecker's shooting party was received a few days ago, says tbe Geelong Advertiser, by their agent, who retails the smoked hams at Gd i-er pound, and the green at the low price of 3d per lb. We have tasted one of the Bmoked, and have found it very palatable, iu fact a nice chauge from beef and mutton, and mutton and beef. It bad been boiled just like an ordinary bam, and retained a slight favour of the smoking which added to its relish. The meat was not stringy, as we had been led to believe it would be, and posses sed about the sams consistency as corned beef ; it was, however, rather darker in colour, 