IRISH HATRED OF EXGLAHD. I •' (From tho ixnmiViCTyFeBri&.J-' .Tnrc reason why Dr Fell was hated conld not be fathomed, but hated Dr " Fell was, not a jo t the less thoroughly and bitterly. And'Dr Fell'scase is the case of Eugland, in the feelings of the lower and not a "few of the upper Irish. Now a hatred without reason1 is a hatred the most stubborn anil Listiiig, for-nothing that caiV-befdone can operate upon "it.;; Not that" tlio Irish hatred of England was originally without cause, as for many years the English yoke wasi a'heavy, galling yoke to; Ireland ; but the j aster rule of the last forty years, which has left few grievances unredressed, has not -eradicated, the. animosity which was provoked by. previous, misgovern "ment. The effect survives'the peccaiit cause. _ But this is not all. iThefe is-a want- of affiriity between; Irish and' Eng lish, and generally they do not like each other. The Irish is a warmer, more genial, more impulsive temperament, and antipathetic to it is the English coldness and phlegm. And the Irish are not singular, it must be confessed, in their dislike .of lis. Most people-have the same prejudice, and call us sullen, proud, and arrogant.- If they knew us better they might judge us less unfavourably; but this reminds us of the argument of Charles Lamb; who, when'asked.how he could hate a!people he did not know," answered, " And pray, how could I hate them,if I did know them ?" 111; will is best nursed .in ignorance. Sixty years ago how wc hated the French ; it was ,a point of patriotism, and the greatest warrior of the time, Nelson, held the then common opinion that wc were natural enemies. Wellington, of a later date, and who had more knowledge of the people with whom he had battled in Spaiu, had none of the national prejudice; and. with the improved intercourse be tween the two people, it may be said to have passed away from us, what lingers yet being on the French side, where it is a tradition kept up by several causes. Our prosperity - is resented, arid the English demeanour which' is supposed to be encouraged by it is exceedingly ob noxious to people whose pride takes another turn, and who revolt against what they call our insular arrogance. That there is some fault of this kind is not to bo denied, bat for the most part* we believe there is more awkwardness than arrogance in the case. ,As for"the highly-bred people, tboy are much the same of all nationalities. If in France traditions of hate are kept up by dislike to manners and deport ment, the esse is different in Amer.ca, where there is prejudice against the na tion, but none against individuals, sure of a warm hospitable reception if they deserve it. Also in Ireland the English man who conducts himself well, and gives lihnsclf no airs of superiority,is respected, and perhaps something more, though liis country is charged with every ungeuial, ungenerous, and unjust habit. But is not all this prejudice on the wane 1 and arc we not seeing the fag end of it ? Is it not, as it were, going downhill, or, as Sydney Smith said of ghosts, "descending from the drawing-room to the kitchen ? Hatred of England moved to rebellion in 179S men of all classes, gentlemen, priests, lawyers, scholars, as well as ignor ant peasants.. But there is none of this leaven in Fenianism, and the impulse of hatred docs not operate above a very low level. And so rebellion seems in process of wearing out, sinking lower and lower, though with an extensive surface. Pro bably numerically there has never been more disaffection in Ireland, but the stratum is of sand, whose many grains have no cohesion. There are none of the leaders of 1SII, much less of 'OS. The Thanes fly from it. - "We are not without hope3,-therefore, that the present maybe the last occasion for coercion, and it should be followed, as soon as .circumstances will allow, by measures for the removal of the few remaining causes of complaint. First and foremost of these stands the Church not of Ireland, and though it is not a prac tical grievance, nor one much taken to heart by the Catholic peasantry, it is a sigh of subjection that ought to be pulled down. Every intelligent Irish Catholic sees written on the Protestant Church Establishment, Sic vos non vobis. It is a standing affront, a memorial of conquest in the shape of the gross injustice that the strong can do the weak. The land question,, however, is the main trouble of Ireland, and it comes not from any fault of the State, but from long habits and usages between owners and occupiers. It lies, therefore, more in the domain of equitable private management than of legislation. Parlia ment may, nevertheless,with great advantage investigate the relations of landlord and tenant in Ireland, and the diverse holdings of land. To bring, the facts prominently forward 'would be a step towards some better arrangements." Ireland wants industry in two shapes, capital which is hoarded labour, and the regular daily labour which constitutes the profitable industry of a people. She has a great multitude of labourers whose .amount of labour is little, partly from the small holdings mparts of the country, and partly from the religion with its many days of fast and festival withdrawn' from secular- employments. IVc should like to know how many days are given to labour by the occupier of a small plot of land.. . How many days his cultivation requires, how many his Church. And what the total of work and of idleness. The North needs no such inquiry. England is charged with being a cruel step-mother to Ireland, but the tendency is now rather to spoiling the child. The suspension of; the Habeas -Corpus ,is: no proof to the contrary; it is an exceptional. measure - for a temporary;!danger. For' I the rest, what part of the Mngdom..is so much ^coaxed and indulged as Ireland ? Could'Scotland, for example, have~got7a" .Galway ' contract: and subsidy ?' Can' Wales obtain an exemption "' from the operation of the Cattlo":Plagud Act ?■ When Ireland asked for a prohibition of the import of cattle, was sho not instantly indulged 1 ; And was it not out of; tender-! ness that she is spared the. infliction - of the Cattle Extirpation Bill, though locali ties as free from disease are subjected to it? - ■ - •J After-all, wc, belicye that Ireland "has more reason to complain of her own sons than,of Englishmen, inany offwliom-are her true friends. It is .au'j-old saying current in; Ireland, that if an Irishman is spittedfor roasting, another-will; always be found to turn him. "And this- Feiiian; conspiracy could never have,been; dis covered as completely as it has been unless the conspirators had been false to each other to a great extent. To hold and pull together for evil or good is not an Irish habit, at least not in the; South.' The usual thing is a game of nine-pins, in which the men are set up to knock each other down. i Political Coep.uttion.—Cm-ran opposed to Lord Clare, said that minded liim of a chimney sweep, w raised himself by dark and dusky wa then called aloud to his neighbours aess his dirty elevation, J Bapid I^gislation-,—We doubt if, on "any.former.occasion,* an. Act of Parliament* wascarried through all its stages so rapidly as : the first of the new Parliament. At twelve ; o'clock on Saturday the Act for the Suppression of the Habeas Corpus in Ire land was but a piece of paper, and before ■one this morning it was the law of the land. Considering that the Sovereign was at Os borne, . the rapidity was mamdlous. i The bill lihd been taken down to her Msijesty in the early part of the day, and on its being , notified by telegraph that it had passed both Houses without alteration the Boyal signaturo was given, and the necessary ! document , was broiuzht uo to London.— 1 Sunday Gazette. 