A MuIssXCULOUS EscrA,.--On Sunday afternoon, a little girl named Louisa Stringer, eleven years of ageo was returning wit1her brother, about seven years, of aIge. fiom the Church of E]ngland Sabbath school, Englehswk, to h?er residence in Juckass Flat, sad on crossing the Agnew Ileet; opposite the polic6 station, she, in a asisky mood, ran ulp a ?eap ofmullocl k round s:n old slhaft, but when on the top tlhe loose lay close by tih edge gave way, and she fll diown the shalft, a perpendieular one, •foe eighty feet, and then rolled down on elh underlie of the reel thirty feet fu rther. ier brother, learing her cry, and seeing iser disappear,'screamed with all Iris might, asciin soon attracted the atltention of the Police and othler persons residing in the eighlbourhood, whohurried over, aunda rope !silng obtained, two miners were lowered . the Underlie, dovn ~.hilei one of them ::ent and found the gilrlllying insensible hcd pale as a ghost, with ' t'h reticule, in '-isieh were hier Sabbath-school books, ,rasped tightly in her lined. She was h ought to the surlface, and her lhands and :i laved with water. It was thought she as delid ; but after a whlile conslsciousness esturnced, and the first words lshe uttered w.re, " Oh, my. mother; my motlor?. 'jse'lil wonder what's keeping me out." 4hso only injuries she appeared to have 'eceeed werea scalp wound on the back of .i Lead, and a slight abrasion of the rightt is.Bmipe..- Bendigo Adverl·her, August 14. \- SgATING RINlc.---The. success ?attendant upol the establishnicnt of' aisk ttini rink at l.Meltourno has induced. thle. lessee of thelio lPrince of Wales Opera -Iouse to adapt it ' tfor a similar purpose. To efectt thlis the stinge has been entirely cleared of, sthie ii proper ties and scenery, lesiving a clear spqi?e, of about 60 test by 80. A new fonor, per-i leclly level, lias been laid as far ais thelToo?: hlights.'t This will afiford plenty of room for .la mger iuhbi~nor bof skaters thiai any other ink at priesdpt established in thle dolonie,. h'?h. auditory awill remain unalterdd, and irill lbe op0s n payiment ofa smanll charsigo tl?r adnissson to those of tihe public alw?o fish to lsl mere'spectators of. the paistime. lhenskistls are Of the ssneo descriptiosis as those used in the skating scane in the opera t ef The Prophet; and their use will obe taught . P~y rof'cssor Taylor, who has recently rived from Cansdsa, where skating is one e s sl t peoular of public amuse ron ClnnaeA, Brleonr. It,. has U ,- a overed thtisin s alpplication of o;. l enbaebgo blight. In reference to this ?a ontempo ary says :--By alppllying tile o withl al featlhr, the insects istantly tissned to a black colour, and died. Salad oil was used on0 this occasion- but any other description of oil would, doubtless, Iuve the same effect. With ordinmry esertion,iwo should suppose that one man would be able / to attend to many thousnnds bf plants in a cosii'iritively short tiime. Probablyilnuceh laboiur wouildt boe saved if thela oil workap. plied 0t:oth young uliats huforo being. S: planited- Jlerde" ?Post, Autgust22 , MAeeVELLOUs EnsCer . llowing interesting account of pro?s Jin from drowning has been reoeivod ,resident in COastlemaino, from a psss or in the Swiftsure, on her last voynge oEngland : -"A sailor-boy fell from the mniitop into the sea whenou we were going between ton and eleven knots an hour. A life-b~oy was thrown to him, which he caught, and in a few minutes the ship was stopped andh' boat, let down but by that time the boy was hilf a mile astern. Presently a sqt(ill of wind and misty rain came on, and we lost sight of the boat even from the mastlccad; at lasbt the first mate saw it, and the captain noted itsdiheetion by the compass; aned tlhen "bouted ship" to go bnok to it. In the meanetime the wind had shifted three points, so we were able to go back to exactly our former place, and" fancy our surprise and joy to ]lear a shoaut of "The boy is ahead of us, swimnming straight for tlhoshlip !" A rope was tlhrown to lim, but hIe missed it and also lost the life-buoy; ehoiever, the sailmancker jumped into the sea after I him tied a rope round him, and both were broughlt safely oni bosrd. The cad rwas dreadfully exhalusted, and very cold, having been in the see twro hours and a hallf. I-e was well rubbed, and wrapped ine w:arm bleankets, but hIe would not sleep tilt'bh hIcard that thle boat was sacfe, which w"r not till an hour after. Only ienagine the astonishment of thlose on board when tcey heard that tie boy was on board. 'lThe captain (Mayhcew) hlad neverr henrdof sucehl can escape before. Thalt tl ship shiould run down to tie very spot whelre the acd was, secmed truly provid?ilal. .lThe boy and tile sailmaklcer both returneed tlhanks lor their deliverance on the next' Sunda;'&e.;" casllemacine Daily Nerws, Auguset 10. A terrible fire occurred the other afternoon at Ottery St. Mary, a village about 12 miles from Exeter. Some chil- dren playing with burning paper set fire to a foul chimmney. The sparks from this fell on to the roof of the adjoining houses, which were mostly thatched, and set fire to them. Three streets, with 116 houses, including the national schools, were des- troyed, together with a good deal of furniture, &c.; T'he damage is estimated at fully £30,000, and nearly 500 persons, chiefly of the poorer classes, are homeless. A subscription for the sufferers has been opened. The house of Mr.Davey, solicitor, was burncd and the whole of his furniture was consumed, the only articles rescued being businsess documents. The heat at this point was intense, for behind Mr. Davey's house, trees and shrubs, 50 yards removed from the fire, are charred and burnt. The engines had several miles to come, and there was but a scanty supply of water. 