. THEATRICAL CHARITY. TO THE EDITOR. Sir — Your correspondent signing himself ' A Hater of Cant' would never have provoked a reply from us had it not been for the pointed allusions in his last paragraph, for, in our opinion, his splenetic effusions could be answered in one little .word (Bosh). But as others may think different, we will trouble you with a few lines .if vou will be kind enousrh to finH Kiimw fnr them. For his first paragraph we would refer him to the public journals, the crowded state of the Destitute Asylum, also the signatures attached to advertisements in acknowledgment, &c;, as to the poverty or prosperity of the working classes. We are not aware that they were mentioned either in the bills, advertisements, or the locals ; and if your correspondent thinks it a sign of cant to bestow a few pounds upon an unfortunate family, who have been visited by a great calamity, to prevent them breaking up their little home and flying to the already overcrowded Asylum, why we are afraid that we shall be guilty of the same crime again and again, and that before the week is out. As to the pathetic appeal about intending emigrants, one would almost imagine that he had a personal in terest in them, or received so much per head. As he is so hard upon the ambition of would-be actora, we should almost think that he is or has been a dis appointed aspirant for histrionic fame himself, and, like Othello, found ' his occupation gone,' until a galaxy of bright and particular stars shall visit our southern hemisphere, when in the light that shines from them ' Richard's himself again.' As to his foul aspersions about the playing for private gains we can assure him that our consciences are not troubled with the ghost of departed champagne suppers ; and if he alludes to our worthy Director and his lady, our books, and we believe the books of nearly every Amateur Club in South Aus tralia will show, how often their services have been rendered ' free gratis.' Yours, &c;, THE D.A.B.C. Adelaide, March 14. [This correspondence must end here.— Editor.] 