WITH THE LORD MAYOR OF LONDON ON HIS OWN DAY. I srEKT a whole day lately with the Lard Mayor of London, and the day I spent with him was his own day — the ninth of November. I had often seen the show from the outside, standing among the crowd, and been rudely pushed back, as one of the little boys ' who hadn't got no money but now I was abont to walk up, walk up and see the live lions at feeding-time. I went in with an order, and, as it oddly happens to 'ordeis,' I had one of the beat seats, and was enabled to see everything. I complied with the kind injunction to come early and be in time, and arrived at the Gnildhall at 10 o'clock. As I am about to relate all that I did and saw on this memorable day. it may be convenient to divide my narration into 'heads.' There are four of them. Firetly, I break fasted with the Lord Mayor ; secondly, I lunched with the Lord Mayor; thirdly, I rode in the procession (not in armour) with the Lord Mayor; and fourthly and lastly, 1 dined with the Lord Msyor. This brief synopsis will not only serve to keep me to my text, but will, I trust, give the reader a proper notion of my importance, and bespeak respect for myself, and interest for my subject, at the outset. Shakespeare has been much commended for his skill in arousing curiosity at the very opening of his play of Hamlet with a portentous conversation about a ghost, which is to appear shortly. So, when I open my civic pageant with breakfast in the Guildhall, I em in hopes that my audience will keep their seats until the curtain falls upon the banquet. I cannot promise them a ghost at the feast, bnt 1 can venture to say that the procession in the third act has been carried out with due regard to splendour combined with dignity; that the dresses and properties are new and gorgeous, and that the banquet scene in the last act has been got up on a scale of magnificenoe never before attempted, and utterly regardless of expense. Theatrical parlance is not inappropriate here, for the preparations going forward at the Guildhall at ten o'clock are strongly suggestive of the last rehearsal (with scenery and properties) previous to the production of the grand spectacle. A crowd of workmen are busy in the outer hall and corridors, laying down matting and carpets, hanging up flags and festoons, arranging -guns and cutlasses in fancy devices over the doors, setting out pots of flowers and bexes of shrubs, nailing, sawing, planing, and hammer ing, showing the greatest activity, but yet giving little assurance that ' it will be all right at night.' Here I encounter the Lord Mayor's committee carrying white wands, all appearing to be rehearsing the same part, as if it were Hamlet that was going to be done, with fourteen Poloninses ; here also I And the sword- bearer and the mace-bearer standing at the wing, ready dreesed to ' go on,' and apparently muttering their parte. Proceeding onwards through a grove of painters' steps, and piles of matting, and tubs of aloes, and other plants not yet allotted to their places, I suddenly enter the Guildhall, and find a legion of waiters laying a ores of damask cloth upon a vast perspective of festive tablea. Now I am behind the scenes indeed ! Who can say that he has seen the Lord Mayor's cloth laid in the GuildLaU on the ninth of November.9 You may have been invited to the banquet; my friend, and seen the Hall when all was prepared and ready, but these mysteries you have never been permitted to gaze upon. Let me assure yon, then, that the Lady Mayoress woe not in attendance to give out the linen and the plate. The plate-basket would have been a little too heavy for a lady's arm, for on this occasion it was a waggen. As to the tablo olothB and napkins, they were brought in on the shoulders of stout porters, in bales. There were enongh of those bales to have loaded Wbittingtoh's ship without the cats. I promised not to introduce ghosts or anything unpleasant, but I cannot help observing here that a great banquet, whether it be given in the Guildhall or in a front parlour in Twopenny Town, bears a certain resemblance to Death. It is a leveller. The Lord Mayor and Tomkins are equally driven to employ pine-wood trestles and school-forms. Eveiy one, when he gives a very largo parly, goes beyond tbe resources of his establishment. So I beg oT you not to lift up the doth to see what it covets, but to nave faith that your legs are under mahogany. When the grace has been sung and the covers have been whipped off the turtle tureens, you frill be all served the same as regards those great essentials, the victuals. Being at liberty to roam wherever my fancy guides, I observe that all the tables are laid out alike. Two plates, a commensurate number of knives, forks, and glasses, to each person, and a little gilt fruit-stand to every six. The cloth is laid in military order and with military precision. The regiment of waiters advance at the word of command, and execute ' plates at 1 another word of command they advance and execute 'glasses;'' at another, ' flower-stands ;' and soon. A word ae to the waiters. The faces of many of them are familiar to me. I have been served by them at all kinds of feasts in all kinds of places. Yonder is a man Who at one time has served me with putc de foie graB in Belgrave-squaie, at another has brought me a plate of veel-ond-ham-pie at the Crystal Palace, at a third has helped me to boiled leg ef mutton and turnips at the periodical suppers of the Slap Bang Club in Long Acre. I remember he toid me once, confidentially, while he was helping me to the 'ock (re duced duty) at a genteel party in Hoxton, that he had a large family, had seen a deal of life, and had once waited at Buckingham Palace. Here is another, who has retired from my chair in London to answer my call a day or two after in Liverpool ; who has sprung up at my side at Inver ness, and whom I have found flicking the crumbs from the table of a Fleet-street eating-house on my return, as if he had never left Fleet-Btreet in his life. The ubiquity of waiters is very remarkable. And the contemplation of this characteristic of tho tribe leads me to make another sombre remark in spite of myself. How like are waiters to under takers' men ! The same waiters help the rich and the poor alike to live ; and the same undertakers help the rich and the poor alike to their graves. — Let me now put the skull out of sight, gild it, ana turn it into a dr inking-cup. I pass through the centre of the Hall, ascend a flight of stops, and find myself at what I may call the cross-roads of Guildhall. If I bear to the right, I come to tho re ception-rooms of tho LBdy Mayoress ; if I turn to the loft, I Brrive at the kitchens and store-rooms ; if I hold straight on, I am beguiled to imagine that I am at 6pithead, seeing an iron-dad proceeding to sea. For here there is a ' set scene,' which the stage carpenter ie now hurrying to com pletion. 1 turn to the left, and peep into the kitchen and store-roomB. The turtle ie already bubbling in a hmdred. pots, and there are shells enough to furnish a Roman leg-.gn with shields. Here is a store-room filled with cakes, kn-j jellies, another devoted to fowls and pea-fo^g and pheasants ready trussed for the spit ; a third, a eery large apartment, is purple with hundreds cjt bunches of hothouse (trapes. Grapes on the floor, grapes on the chairs, grapes on the tables, grapes on every ledge and shelf. Nothing else, fchowing except the pure wnite wood on which the luscious fruit islaid. Here is a room that appears to be Btrevm with ingots of silver and nuggets of gold. Have I strayed into the cellars of the Bank of England, or has the enchanter let me down into the genii's cave ? 'Well, no: it ie neither Bilver nor gold, bnt something which only silver can buy— the cham pagnes, regally crowned, of Epernay, of the Venve Clioquot. Pish! Tbe treasures which Aladdin's lamp revealed were tinsel compared to these. What were his rubies, his diamonds, and pearle (considering how the market must have beta overstocked in his put of the oountry), to the bright bubbling juice of the grape, which is ready at the touch of tbe pincers to leap forth from those sweet months, in sparkling fountains of inspiration! Rub me no lamps after this ! Twist me wire, draw me corks ! Let Aladdin rub ; be mine the pleasant conjuration to cut the twine ; let Ali Baba say 'Open sesame^' the signal of my heart's desire ie 'pop.' Clap on the Btone, magician, and keep me here. I don't want to come up and take these jewels to market, I can eBjoy them where 1 am. A flitting thought of the Happy Valley calls to mind the Doctor's resonant locution— the ' potentiality ef wealth beyond the dreams of avarice.' This is not fringe, bnt what the successful fringe-making will achieve. Which, you will please to understand, is an allusion to the feet— of which he fe justly and honourably proud — that tbe present Lord Mayor of London ie a fringe-maker. Nothing that I saw on this (in my calendar) red-letter day gratified me so much as the honest pride which the Lord Mayor, the alderman, and all the City magnates, took in the trade end commerce by which they had gained wealth, and attained to eminence among their fellow-citizens. I must be allowed to say thiB, ana I say it from my heart, that a more unaffected, hearty, jolly set of men, I never had the pleasure of meeting — except (I hope the exception will not be resented) among the aristocracy of birth and rank. I bad an opportunity, before coming to the Guildhall, of witnessing preparations for certain private festivities, which proved to me that Lord Mayor JPhillipe was a worthy representative of the old English gentleman who, While he feasted all the rich, lie ne'er forgot the poor. It was a holiday at the Lord Mayor's warehouse in Newgate-street, and the industrious apprentices, male and female, were busy draping the stairs and walls with flags, and laying ont the conntlees counters, not with fringes and rare fabrics for the inspection of the public, but with a variety of good things to eat and to drink for their own delectation, and in celebration of the high honours te which their master bod that day attained. The Lord Mayor himiclf and his sons were there, taking a lively interest in the preparations, and all thoughts for the grand ceremonies of the Guildhall were postponed until the domestic rejoicings were duly provided for. It was a scene for the pencil of Hogarth.* The indnstrions apprentice had become Lord Mayor of London, and here were all his own industrious apprentioes preparing to rejoice in the soene of thatindusby which had been the stepping-stone to bis success. The shelves to-day are laden with sirloins of beef) and savoury pies, and jellies, and fruit, and all sorts ef good things. And mind how you kick under the counters ! You will not kick sleeping apprentices here, but yon may break cham pagne-bottles. They are going to feast here in style, I can tell yon. I am loth to tear myself away. I should like to remain and celebrate tbe occasion with the apprentices. To return to the Guildhall. In my absence the waiters have executed several more manoeuvres. Pine-apples have taken up position, sponge cakes and jellies are in rank front and rear, and pigeon and grouse pies have formed square, to resist the heaviest and hungriest knife- and-fork squadrons. Two pulpits have been erected, one on each side of the principal entrance to the HalL Is the Arch bishop of Canterbury going to ask a blessing from one, and the Archbishop of York to return thanks from the other ? I am abont to make inquiries, when I am summoned to breakfast. The scene of the refection is one of the council chambers. The guests are aldermen, common councUmen, members of the Lord Mayor's oommittoe, and the present chronicler. 'When I had m-eakfested, I was at liberty to saunter about again, and wandering from room to room amongworkmenslilihurryuigtoendfrowitiiflower-po(s,and pictures, and statues, and articles of furniture, I completely lost my topographical bearings, and became a mere piece of human flotsam. On the strange shores on which I was cast up, I saw many remarkable things. I think I must have touched the West Indies, for one island was covered with pine-apples; another, which glowed with golden pippins, was no donbt the Hesperidee. At Dorking. I found all the fowls dead, with their lege turned up in the air; and there was a strange country where the birdB had no feathers, but only a rosette of wtite ribbon in their tails, to fly with. There was an additional peculiarity about these birds. They carried their heads under one wing, and their livers under the other. When, at last, I was cast up in a place where there w as a picture of Queen Caroline, I was recalled to the knowledge that I was still in England, and somewhere very close to Gnildhall in the city of London. Where else but in this stronghold of stnrdy sentiment and honest fair play, would they hare hnng up a portrait of Queen Caroline in one of their best rooms ? Every time I turn into the great hall, I find that the army has executed another manoeuvre; and the field of the cloth of damask is almost fully marshalled with all the pieces de resistance, large and email, I distinctly heard a table groan, and six waiters bearing it too, went and shored it up, and told it to keep quiet. I wonder what those two pnlpits are for— can they be ? ? ' Lunch ie ready, sir ?' I am carried off to more eating and drinking, and the mystery of those pulpits is still unexplained. I am ushered into a email apartment which is crowded with aldermen, and sheriffs, and chaplains, and legal dignitaries in wigs. I am the only person in mufti, and I fee! that I ought to have a gown, or a gold chain, or a wig, or something to entitle me where I am. Bnt the civio dignitaries don't appear to think me in the way, and don't look 'who the deuce are you?' at me, and by many kind attentions I am encouraged to feel that I am a civic dignitaiy myself. We wait a little time, when snddenly there enters the well known gentleman in the fur cap, who carries the sword ; also, the other equally well known gentleman, who carries the mace. Behind them follows a gentleman-usher with a white wand, who announces the Right Honourable the Lord Mayor, who appears for the first time in the state robes of his office. If you ask me how he looked, I answer that he looked jolly. There was a hearty shaking of hands all roud, many bluff congratulations were interchanged, some jokes were passed, and then without ceremony, or order of our going, we trooped ont into another apartment to lunch. It was a plain substantial feast of roast beef end boiled potatoes. I did not think I wanted any lunch, but I was told by an experienced person that the procession was a trying ordeal, and that I had better 'fey in a good solid foundation.' So I accepted the seat that was kindly offered to me by the Lord Mayor, and fell to. I should have thought that his Lordship would have been too much occupied thinking about all he had to go through, not te mention the speeches he bad to make, to take any notioe of me, or anybody else. But no, his dignity and his duties sat lightly upon him ; end I say again, he was jolly. He asked me to take wine, he asked me to join him in a loving and warming cup of hot elder wina to keep out the cold— for ' I should find it very chilly in the carriage.' He was collected enough and thoughtful enough to remember that the cavalry officers had ridden ell the way from Honnslow that morning to command his body guard, and sent out for them to share in the feast. The young swell in the red coat, who eat next to me, said he never was so thankful for a slice of beef in hie life. 'And wasn't the Lord Mayor a brick for thinking of them?' If we could only have stopped round this lunch-table, I am sure we should have spent a very pleasant afternoon. A little longer, and we should have got poking each other in the ribs, telling each other our family affairs, and inviting each other to dinner at our respective family mansions. But the sword of the Damocles in the for cap was imminent over us, and when the sword pointed the way, we had to follow. All the persona abont to figure in the prooeaaion are assembled in the outer hall, where they hang, with coach men and footmen, on the stairs, until the City Marshal— who appears to be the twelve-foot model of all tbe militaiy heroes whose portraits we eee in Freemasons' Hells— shall have arranged some little matters of precedence. I have an opportunity here of inspecting the Lord Mayor's six footmen, who are just putting the finishing touch to their new and really handseme light blue and gold liveries, by pinning on to each other's breasts white fevonre as large as the crown cf my hat. They are all very proper and tall young men, and I am pleased te see that they are exceed ingly nervous, as becomes modest worth, sensible of the responsibilities of a high occasion. It struck me that I had never detected Jeames of Berkeley-square exhibiting any nervousness on any occasion, but rather that I had always found him resolutely determined to swell out bis breast, bend out his calves, turn up his nose, and look coldly and majestically down upon everybody, his master included. It struck me, toe, that the Lord Mayor's footmen were the sort of modest, right-minded young men who would take a shilling in the spirit in which it was introduced; and being satisfied of thiB, I did not think it necessary to put them to the test. F. M. Anak, of the Anakim, marshalled us veiy speedily, and having been taken charge of by Mr. Common Serjeant, who ie good enough to supplement the favour of represent ing me m parliament, by giving me a seat in his carriage, I find myself, much to the hurt of my modesty, taking the pas of the Aldermen, the Sherifis, and the Lord Mayor himself, And now for the next three or four hours, so far as I have any personal observation of what is going on, Mr. Common Serjeant and your humble, but on this occasion highly dignified, servant, are the heroes of the day, tbe eight which tbe multitude have come out to eee, the cynosure of millions of eyes. There iB a mounted brass band before us ; there is a mounted braBS band behind us ; there is a police man at each window, and two troopers, with drawn swords in their hands, are making their chargers whiBk the people back with their tails. Onoe more I feel that I ought to have a gown, or a gold chain, or a wig, for the people are ell craning their necks to look at mo and muttering ; and I em afraid thr.t what they are saying is not respectful. Luckily 1 r^jmot hear them for the bang of the drums and the fenfere, qf the trumpets. Do you want to know what it ie to rid,e jn a procession and be stared at by a million of people^ wjii! dnime beating, and trumpets blaring, and nor'jeg prancing, and sabres gleaming? I will teU you. I', was like going out to sea in a boat for the first time. I wasn't used to it; I wasn't sure about the safety of the tiling ; 1 wasn't comfortable. I felt my heart beating rather fimter than usual. It wasn't pride. To put it mildly, I will say nervousness. When I saw how the streets were packed with human beings, that the very walls of the houses were stuccoed over with faces, leaving nothing visible bnt living sad breathing humanity, as if the town were built of men, women, and children, instead of brickB, — when I had contemplated this marvellous eight for some time, I was struck with a grotesque thought of Pharaoh passing through the Red Sea. I will say that Mr. Common Seijeant is Pharaoh, I am his prime minister, and here we are passing through the divided waters of humanity, I am in morbid terror — the word is ont, I can't help it — of the fate of Pharaoh, and that the parted waters of humanity will meet and swamp us. I get used to it by-and-by, however, — as what will not a man get used to ? talk about the eels !— and conceive the horrid design of looking out for my friends, and astonishing their weak minds with a sight of myself figuring in the Lord Mayor's Show ! I am speedily enabled to carry my design into execution. 1 see a friend at a window. He sees me ; he fells beck as if be were ehot ! I em seen by many friends, and this is, in every case, the effect I have upon them. Each one fells back with a gasp, as if pierced in a vital part by a bullet. But it is when I am seen of my enemies that I have my greatest triumph. Their vanity makes them forget for a mement that 1 am their enemy, and they are my enemies ; and, just to show their friends that they know somebody who is hand in glove with the Lord Mayor, they make me a bow. I need not say that I treat them with triumphant contempt. A publisher of mine saw me, and I made a note to ask for more money for my next literary performance. I feel satisfied in considering that I have got it, I count the increase beforehand. Being inside the Show, of course I cannot tell you how it looked outside, but ell whom I have heard express on opinion, say that it was the most orderly and dignified procession that has been seen for many years. 1 was assured before starting that this was certain te be the case, ae the Lord Mayor had courageously determined to dispense with the men in armour, whose habit of getting drunk and tumbling off their horses had, on previous occasions, seriously interfered with the solemn course of the pageant. Ae the cits don't like anything which savours of eaving money on thiB occasion, his Lordship conciliated the pre judice, by spending the cash which the men in armour usually cost in decorating the Guildhall with flowers and shrubs, which were certainly a deal prettier and a deal sweeter than encased troopers redolent of rum. In abont two honrs from the time of starting, we arrive et 'Westminster Hall, where the civic dignitaries, in their silk stockings and their conrt pumps, are kept standing on the historic, but cold, flags longer than there seems any necessity for. On squeezing np the stairs leading to the courts (at the tail of the dignitaries, who are awfully hustled), I find that the delay and obstruction have been caused by Mr. Briefless, who is here in full foroe. The whole Briefless family are here, all in tbeir wigs and gowns, put on simply as an excuse for being present in the beet plaoee in the Court of Exchequer during the pre sentation of the Lord Mayor to the Barons. I was really pleased to see Tom and Jack Briefless in foil forensic fig ; for I thought, to be sure, they had got briefi at last; but the way that Tom put his tongue m his cheek when I asked him, convinced me that the ' oause' of his being here was not on the list. I thought the Barons in their scarlet gowns, ermine cellars, and flowing wigs, looked very grand and imposing. I have seen very few dignitaries in their robes ef office, seated in their chairs of state, who did not remind me of supers at the theatre. Even the Speaker of the House of Commons, as I have before observed in this Journal, is apt to call to my mind Mr. C. J. Smith trying Janet Pride at the Adelphi'. But the Barons of the Exchequer provoked ne such com parisons, except as regards one very j oily-looking Baron who was in faoe and the twinkle of his eye exceedingly like Mr. Paul Bedford. Bnt certainly the Barons of the Exchequer were awe-inspiring, and one could not bnt be respeotful, in thought ss well as in demeanour, in their presence. The manner in which the Chief Baron delivered nis address to the Lord Mayor was exceedingly dignified. He sat in his chair all the while, with his hands laid one upon the other, and bewed his head gracefully to point his remarks. It was quite regal. I am not very sure what the ceremony was, for the Briefless family blocked up my view ; bnt I think the Lord Mayor end Sheriffs, if not sworn were in some way invested with their office, and I distinctly saw Tom Briefless start and turn pale when the Lerd' Chief Baron invested a geod- looking Sheriff with the power of arresting and keeping in custody all such persons as the Courts might decree judgment against. From the Conrt of Exchequer, the civic dignitaries trooped away into another, to pay their respects to the Jndges; bnt I was not able to follow immediately for the Briefless family, who always stopped the way, By-and-by I step into the carriage with Mr. Common Serjeant, and away we go again, with See the cenqaering hero, which I feel refers to myself and my learned friend, and Rule, Britannia, Britannia (with big drum emphasis), Britannia rules the waves (cymbals), and a row and a row and a row dow-dow, and the Bri— tish Gren— a— diers. Ear-piercing pipes, clash, jerk, bang, hnrrah !— British constitution, rights, and liberties, bulwarks, Magna Charts, Temple Bar, Bow-bells, Wat Tyler, Domine dirige, Gog end Magog, glory, liberty, fraternity, and festivity, horrah ! Before 1 descend from my chariot at Charing-cross (where I fly from the intoxicating scene to prepare for another intoxicating scene, the banquet), let me make one little remark, with regard to the apparent condition of the people who thronged the streets. The majority belonged to toe poorer classes; but during the whole journey from the City to Westminster, where 1 must have passed in review at least half a million of people, I did not observe one single person who was not comfortably dressed and decently shod. I looked hard for a person without a shoe to his foot, or s coat to his back, but I oonld not eee one. I saw nothing te shock the feelings of a person who was riding in a luxurious carriage, and was presently going to feast upon all the delicacies of the season. It was not a cold, shivering mob; it was a warm, comfortable mob. It was not a hungry-looking mob. It had either had its dinner, or was going to have it when the showpaseed. There was no sign of anxiety as regards victuals. I am not going to argue that there are no poor, destitute, hungry, miserable creatures in London ; I merely make t. note of the general aspect of this great mob as it appeared to a not unattontive observer. 1 leave conclusions to be drawn by others. The Banquet! A few minutes before six, my chariot (two red wheels picked out with black, driver Bits behind, coat of armB a crown, or, and the legend in Arabic, 13,076) sets me down at the grand entrance of the Guildhall. I present a card like an illuminated panel— probably oh the model of Gog and Magog's cards, and an emphatic rebuke to the ' no cards ' of the shabby world more to the west — and am bidden to enter. ChaoB has given place to order. The hails and corridors are neatly draped, the pictures are hung, the etatueB have taken np their plaoee, the flowers and shrubs have been tastefully disposed around them, the gas is lighted, and the stage is clear to begin. Everything haB ' come all right, at night,' gs it always miraculously does, spite of the morning appearances to the contrary. I pass up the grand corridor through a grove of red, white, end blue, reminding me that Britannia is the pride of the ocean, the home of the brave and the free. I enter the grand hall. The last manoeuvre has been executed. The Field of the Cloth of Damask is dnly arranged and set ont, and only awaits the assemblage of the valiant knigbtB and ladies fair. A splendid, gorgeous, dazzling scene, bnt I am not permitted to pause ana admire. I am again on the point of asking what those two pulpits are for, when I am hurried onwards by the crowd. Up a flight of stepB, through a crush room, up more stops, eharply to tire left, and I em in for it. 'Your card, sir P' I give It, and then, in tones of thunder: ' The Honourable Mr. All-the-Year- Round !' Tbe Honourable Mr. A.Y.R, approaches a dais, on whioh are standing the Lord Mayor, the Lady Mayoress, and their pietty daughter. He bows, receives a pleasant recognition from the Lord Mayor, and ie thus fortified for an effective hacking out of the presence. Having myself safely passed through a trying ordeal (which took me unawares), I proceed to the bottom of the stairs, and take a cold-blooded delight in watching others. The very grand folks are coming now, and their arrival is announced by blast of t: umpet Standing here at the foot of tbe staircase, where a policeman on duty, with a raised pie, a pheasant, a jelly, and a dish of grapes under his uobs, is suffering the tortures of Tantalus, I see them all as they pass np, and note how they are received. ' The Right Hononrable Earl Rnssell !' Cheers and a thunder- clap of applause, ' The Chancellor of the Exchequer !' More cheers, and another thunder-clap of applause. The Cabinet Ministers come in official uniform— blue coat with a great deal of collar— the Judges in their scarlet gowns, wigB, and square black caps, suggestive partly of college, and partly of passing sentence, and a few public functionaries appear in court drees, one of the most dis tinguished-looking personages being 6ir Thomas Henry, the chief magistrate, whose enit is of black velvet. And for an hour and more the trumpets continue to sound, and tho distinguished guests, male and female, continue to pass onwards, in a glittering stream, towards the reception room. Dazed by the ever-shifting kaleidoscope, and almoBt blinded by the blaze ef diamonds, I seek to relieve my eyes by turning them upon the two pnlpits, which have so deeply excited my curiosity. At that very moment, four strong men were placing Bibles upon the cushions. They lay the huge booke back upwards, and I am still more curiouB. Presently, two persons asoend. They wear no gowns. Are they of the dissenting persuasion? They turn up their cuffs. Are they muscular Christians going The pulpit drum ecclesiastic To beat wltb a fist instead of & stick. : No, thoy are carvers, and the big Bibles, back upwards, are barons of beef ! -All the trumpets ere sounding at onoe, the guests are ; settling into their places, and the ringers in the gallery are i clearing tbeir throats to sing grace. At the flret note, five hundred people who have sat down prematurely get up again . simultaneously, and the effect is curious. Their simul \- tancous sitting down, when the grace haB been sung, is ; equally curious, and I should like them to do it again. I am not at Ml eager for the turtle, you perceive. Tbe fact is, the extraordinary splendour of the scene, the majestic grandeur of the Hall, the long vista of gaily-dressed guests resembling partcrreB of flowers, the glitter of the gold and silver plate, end the star-like effect of tbe lamps, have so lapped up my finer sense, that my grosser appetite is sub merged and'forgolten. My wildest fancy, stimulated by the Arabian Nights, has never imagined anything more - gorgeous, more splendid, more foiry-like. 'What the Guildhall was like on these occasions before it was restored and beautified, 1 cannot say. If I had not, with the comer of my eye, detected s man fishing out from tbe tureen all the nieces 0f greenfe t for his own plate, it ie probable that my trance would have lasted until the turtle had betn mnoved. But seeing this I spake, end demanded turtle. I had it— twice/5 Not polite to ask for Soup twice ; but can't help it ; besides rather eBjoy spiting that greedy young man. Don't believe any one who tolls you that you don't get hot things at the Lord Mayor's banquet. The turtle was hot, the pea -ben was hot, the guinea-fowl was hot, the potatoes were hot— and floury. I bad so many hot and nice things that I quits forgot to ask for a slice of the baron of beef. I could not have had a daintier, better Berved, dinner if I had specially ordered it for 4, of Gunter. As to drinkables, I had cold punch with the turtle, and champagne with the pea-hsn. and Madeira with the guinea-fowl, and hock with the partridge-pie, and port with the cheese, and eheny with the Nesseuode pudding, and claret with the filberts, and I might have had beer had I been disposed towards thai; beverage, which I wasn't. Towards the close of the feast, when the Lord Mayor and! the gentlemen at the head of the table were beginning to leek thoughtfully towards the cloth, and nervously pick threads from it, as if they expected to find ideas in the warp and words in the woof, I am favoured by one of the Lord Mayor's sons (to whom I take this opportunity of tendering my warmest thanks for many hearty attentions) with an admission to the gallery. From this elevated position, at the end of the HalL seated upon Magog's toes, I em enabled to view the building and the assembled company from a coigne of vantage which has no excefeior except the crown of Magog's head. Here, too, I listen to the speeches as well as 1 can, bnt tbe only speakers I am able to hear are the Lord Mayor and the Chancellor of the Excheqner, whose every word, even at this distance, is distinctly audible. I wonder if anybody ever before eat upon Magog's left foot end made a dessert table of his pedestal ! There is a very secure and con venient place for a bottle of champagne behind the tip of his wooaen sword— nobody can see it from the front— and the hollow of bis foot affords an ample place of conoealment for a dish of almonds and raisins. I saw something behind Magog— but there, I musn't betray hie eecret; it would ba shabby, considering the intimacy ho admitted me to, Here 1 eat, with a friend, listening to the murmur of inaudible speakers and the ringing notes of very audible singers (notably Mademoiselle Leibhart: though why she should think tile Cuckoo suitable to the occasion I can't imagine), until the figures in the kaleidoscope begin to drop out, and the blaze of drifting colours grows thinner and fainter ; and as the scene gradually fudes out before us, my friend and I grow pbilosophieaL and moralise abont life and the vanitiee of the world— not forgetting that there is some champagne left in the bottle— finally coming to the conclu sion, bv a process of reasoning which I am unable now to trace, that it is a fine thing to have plenty of money, and be able to have real turtle and guinea-fowl for dinner, and ride home in our own chariot instead of the hack cab to which our Almaschar's virion is now melting.— All the Year Sound. 