EXAMINATION OF SURVEYORS AT THE CROWN LANDS DEPARTMENT. A - TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir-As the board of examiners of any use, or is it not? I doubt whether one in twenty of the public has any idea how to answer this question. The citizens have a lurking suspicion that the ha and must be of some use or other, and could not very well be done without. At the same time, they are strongly possessed with the belief that the board is the origin of everything which is inconvenient, uncomfortable, unfair, and unjust, not excepting the appointments of surveyors under the 42nd section of the Amended Land Act, which come under the last of these definitions. When anything goes wrong, the first impulse of the bystander or sufferer is to blame the board. When things go light-why, of course, they came so in the course of nature ; no one gets the credit. This is undoubtedly in the course of nature too, and the board is not singular in being famous for its errors and inefficiency only. Colonial secretaries have been habituated to the same sensations; governors have not escaped it; colonial councils understand and snap their fingers at it more exalted personages and legislatures have shared the same fate and all alike will find it follow them to the crack of doom, ' unless Borne millennial reign of perfection and good temper intervene before that dread day arrives. Not that I propose to become the apologist of the board-that august body is evidently game to fight its own battles ; if it only attacks its enemies with the same vigour as it has lately shown in preventing many honest and thoroughly qualified professional men obtaining a live fenced-in Success depends on energy and ruthlessness, its victories are certain. Surely in after ages the Survey department of Vic- ! trio, and their works, must be a subject of much antiquarian research. The lifting and I laying of the stones in the pyramids of Egypt are a great puzzle, but the mystery of their history will sink into insignificance in comparison with the monuments of art, commonly called improvements in the profession, to preserve the craft, performed by the Victorian board of examiners in the nineteenth century. How many brains will be racked to discover what principle of science was acted upon in the survey of the occupation licences, or whether the people in this colony were barbarous or not in fact, it is hard to say what conclusions may be arrived at unless the ghost of some conscience-stricken minister should arise, and, under the influence of a " Home," make a clean breast of it. I have been induced to make these remarks in consequence of the unjust proceedings of the Board of Land and Works in making the appointments of surveyors to districts under the 42nd section of the Amended Land Act, as I think it only right such an unfair and one-sided proceeding should be exposed to the glare of day, so that the public may see by what means the M'Culloch Ministry endeavour to retain place and power. When the 42nd clause of the Amended Land Act was about to be brought into operation, the Minister of Lands, in order, I suppose, to try the effect of his protective policy on professional men, decided that no surveyor should be appointed to make the surveys except contract surveyors. And in order to further protect the craft from spurious and rotten would-be members, those desirous of receiving a certificate of competency to enable them to practise as contract surveyors were obliged to undergo what the department calls a first-class examination. This appears all just. But mark the sequel. After most of the appointments were promised through the influence of Ministerial supporters, and the entire colony divided into districts, though not gazetted at the time, an advertisement appears, calling on surveyors desirous of obtaining appointments to districts under the 42nd clause to present themselves for examination before the Board. About twelve surveyors attended the invitation, and about six passed as qualified and the next Gazette publishes the names of thirty-two surveyors appointed to their respective districts, and some of these men never passed the examination. Many of the districts are so large that the surveyor has to get his work done by deputies, whether qualified or not, and who have not obtained certificates of competency ; consequently the work cannot be done correctly according to the data of the department. It may be said the surveyor of the district checks the work of his deputies. Nothing of the kind-he merely signs the plan as correct, and in all probability never visited the ground. In one of the districts a mining surveyor, who has not obtained a certificate from the board, received upwards of £200 for Surveys that he executed previous to the district being gazetted and when the qualified surveyor was sent to this district, the mining surveyor was called upon to return the money to the diggers, as his surveys would not be accepted by the department. He, however, came to town, brought influence to bear on Mr. Grant, and afterwards boasted that he squared the matter with him, but that he was not to make any more surveys, as not being qualified. But the bestpartof Mr. Grant's protection remains to be told. It now turns out that the surveyor who was appointed to this district, and gazetted as a contract surveyor, never passed the examination at all. May I ask Is this justice to professional men who have passed the examination, and are now told by the department that they cannot get any employment, as all the districts are filled up, although in some of the districts given to one person three could get a living, as in- stanced by some of the present men having to get their work done by assistants? Why, I ask, Sir, should not all surveyors holding certificates of competency be allowed to practise in any district where they may choose to settle down ? And why should survey are any more than lawyers or doctors, be prevented from obtaining a livelihood when Qualified ? Yet this is the people's Ministry, believe in no other country in the world would such injustice as this be tolerated. I am, c, KESUBGAM. Melbourne, July at. 