AMENDMENT OF TUE EDUCATION ACT. MEETING OF MELBOUBNE TEACHERS. A meeting of head teachers of common schools in Melbourne and its suburbs was .held on Saturday morning, at the Model Schools, for the purpose of considering the manner in which the Common Schools Act should be amended, and of adopting recom- mendations to be transmitted to the Royal Commission of Education. Mr. Joba Webb ivas called to tho chair, and about twenty five teachers were present. The CHAIRMAN referred to what had been done at former meetings, and mentioned that at the lost held by the Melbourne teachers a committee was appointed to report upon the existing system and the genetal working of the Common Schools Act. Copies of the résolutions then adopted wore for I warded to the various metropolitan teachers, together with a series of questions to which their answers wero requested, with a viow of obtaining their viows on the subject of educa- tion. Upon the returns to these questions the committee had framed its report; and tho object of the present meeting waa to receive the report to be submitted to it, and deter- mine upon its adoption. Mr. A. MILLIE, secretary to the committee, then read the report, which treated at length of the various questions at issue, discussing them in an argumentative manner, and con- cluding with the following " RECOMMENDATIONS, "1. That, in order to give teachers that security in tbelr position which Is necessary to an efficient discharge of their duties, the authority they ore placed under should be that of a responsible body ; and that, since responsibility arises from representation, tbe central board should be put under the direc- tion of Parliament, by the appointment of a Minister of Education as its chairman, or in some other effectual way. " 2. That teachers should have the right of communication with the central board on all school matters which affect them, and not any other publio intorest. " 3, That the Board of Education, being appointed to distrlhnte under general regula- tions the money voted by Parliament for educational purposes, should of itself, and not through local committees, enter into con- tract with and pay teachers. " 4. That local committees should be elec- tive, and the election conducted under regu- lations framed to insure as far as possible the choice failing on those only who would fairly represent the property and intelligence of each district. "5. That should local committees desire the removal of a teacher, they should be bound to bring a distinct charge before the Board of Education, and submit to its de- cision in the matter. " 6. That head teachers should have the right to appoint their assistants, subject to the approval of the Board of Education and of the local committee, and also to apply for their removal, as iu the foregoing resolution. " 7. That in the appointment of inspectors, teachers of sufficient attainments should ia all cases be preferred to those who are with- out that knowledge and experience which can be got only in the practice of the pro- fession. "8. That head teachers should be placed under the Civil Service Act. " 9. That the rule which provides that in no case will common schools be qualified t J receive aid to an amount exceeding £2 for every £1 raised by fees and local contribu- tions should not ba enforced in poor lo- calities. " 10. That the grant in aid of school buildings should be two-thirds, instead of one-half, as at present. " 11. That the number of public schools in many localities is far in excess of their re- quirements. " 12. That, inasmuch as the examinations for results under the standards are not as at present condncted a sufficient tost of tho teacher's fitness for MB duties, and do not fully show what ho has done for his pupils, it is necessary if the reeult system is to b. continued the standards should be modified, so as to bring out in an examination the success of his labour in developing the in- tellectual powers as well as in communicat- ing knowledge. "13. That the giving of religious instruc- tion should bo left to the voluntary efforts of clergymen, schoolmasters, and any others ap- proved by the parents ; and that local com- mittees be restrained from interfering farther than to set apart a time during which it may be given. " 14. That as the present modo of examin- ing teachers for competency is not calculated to encourage them in prosecuting their Btudies it should be altered ; "I.A. And that the examination for honours should be conducted by the profes- sors of the University, as recommended by the late Mr. Orlebar. "16. That assistants should be paid ac- cording to their classification, in the same way as head teachers. "16. Tbat education should bo carried on partly by grants from the public revenue and partly by local rates, fees being charged only to induce parents to take an interest in schools. "17. That In Order to induce young par- sons who aie likely to succeed in tho profes- sion to become pupil-teachers, and qualify themselvcB for taking charge of schools, they should be better paid, and head teachers should receive a bonus for instructing them." Mr. MILLIE explained the manner in .which the committee had di awn up their recom- mendations, from the distinct answers of the teachers (upwards of seventy in number) to whom citcnlars had been sent. There were two of the recommendations, Nos. 12 and 13, referring to the result system and to religious . instruction, which he wished for the time to withdraw from the series, that the meeting might pronounce separately npon tbem. His reason was, that on these subjects the answers ! received had been very various in their manner of expression, although the meanings intended seemed in the large majority of re- plies to be tho.e given in the recommanda tiona. However, it was considered by the-, committee to bo desirable that tbe meeting? should consider these, and decide for Itself. Mr. SCOTT moved, and Mr. TOBIH seconded, the adoption of the report (with recommenda- tions Nos. 12 and 13 omitted), which was carried. Mr. MILLIE then invited the opinions of the meeting in reference to the subjects re- served from the report. Mr. TOBIN said that, in order to open up the discussion of the first of these subjects-that of payment by results- he would objorve that all true education was progressive in its cha- racter; it sought the development of the whole of the faculties of the mind, not to force one or two in paiticular; it made all al- lowance for the differences of mental capaolty, and it treated the human intellect as reason- ing and not as merely mechanical. Now, the result system made no allowance for tho differences of capacity-it treated all alike. It expected from the child of slow and dull apprehension the same progress in a given time as from the smart and olever one. It attempted, moreover, to measure results of instruction when it was in fact itnpossiblo to ascertain those results, and by the manner ia ' which it professed to asceitain them it encouraged a system of " cramming." Phey wero paid for cramming a certain num. ber¡J of facts, falsely callud education, while thoy received no credit whatever for what they effected towards the in- tellectual and moral development-the true education-of the child. It waB true, cer- tainly, that intellectual teaching existed in > their schools, but It existed ia spite of the result eyBtem, and by no means as a conse- quence of it. Were the teachers of the colony to conBult merely tbeir own pureoual Interesta -were they actuated by no higher motivo than that of pounds, shillings, and pence there would be no intellectual teaching left in their schools. They objected, then, to this system as a failure with refeienco to the Echcols; and, further, because of its influence upon the teacher. * It bad been said that the school was a reflex of the teacher, and that to have good schools it was necessary to have good teachers. Well, if it were desired to have good teachers they must be treated as other professional men would be treated. A me- dical man was not paid for the number of his cures, the lawyer for the successful issues of his cases, or the clergyman for the number of hiB conversions-all of them were paid for the exertions tbey made in order to promote these objects. Why, then, should the teacher bo treated differently from the doctor, the lawyer, and the clergyman? Hu could not see why ho should ; and on these grounds he opposed tho principle of payment by results, believing that it was not conducive to sound, education, He moved that recommendation No. 12 be adoDted. Mr. PORTER r.econded the motion. Mr. HORSFALL suggested that the quostîon being one of an important character, which tho general conferenc. of teachers had not' yet taken into consideration, all further dis- cussion of It should bs adjourned till tbe meeting of the conference, to be held that day at one o'clock. Mr. URE considered that it was the place of the metropolitan teachers to arrive at thoir own decision on this Bubject,;and to do so with- out delay. With regard to the eyHtuna itself he was inclined to think favourably of it, al- though he did not look upon it as in that state of perfection which would give full effect to its usefulness. He thought that its basis should be extended. Tho principle he agreed with, as giving a stimulus to tho teacher to work, and as holding out a bonus to his doing so. There was no doubt, how- ever, that it did not apply to the circum- stances of country schools, in many of whioh the attendance was small ; and, cons-quenfcly, however diligently the teacher might work, his resulta must necessarily be email. Mr. LINK differed from the statement of a former -peaker, that if teachers were actuated by no higher motives than pounds, shillings, and pence, there would bo no iutellsctaal teaching in the schools at all. He believed that by raising the standard of teaching ho benefited in a money respect also, and that high teaching would produce large results. He agreed with the proposition to defer con- sideration of the question to the geuoral meeting. Mr. WATTIE remarked that in the populous districts many of the teachors were enabled to make large salaries under the result sys- tem, and were consequently in favour of it,. but it was found to press very heavily on tho country teachers. Mr. HORSFALL moved that, the report having been adopted, the question left open Bbould be postponed for the consideration of the conference, and that the meeting should adjourn. Mr. DERRICK seconded the proposition. The question being put to the meeting, it was resolved to adjourn the consideration of the result system until tho conference had assembled. Mr. MILLIE said that there wa. the recom- mendation No. 13 still remaining. He did not think that any difference of opinion would arise respecting that. Mr. PORTER moved that the recommenda- tion in question be adopted. Mr. PUCKET seconded the motion, which was cairied without opposition. The meeting then adjourned. GENERAL CONFERENCE OF TEACHERS. The general conference of delegates from, country districts and teachers of metropoli- tan schools met at one o'clock. About thlrly-fivo teachers were present ; Mr. T. W. I'Ereon In tho chair. In opening up the business of the meeting, the CHAIRMAN remarked that the proceedings andreBults of their former meetings had, it appearod, been somewhat misunder-tood ia some particulars, and some amount of com- ment had been made which it would not be difficult to answer, ne bad thought it de- sirable that the answer Bhould be given ; but, on further consideration, it seemed preferable for them to proceed with theit business, and leave the opinions of the general public to rectify themselves step by stop. After some discussion as to the order in which the business should bo taken, Mr. MOWBRAY begged leave to move a pro- position which ho believed would meot with the concurrence of all present. It was-" That there should be established a central normal college, for the training of teachers of al) denominations." It was not needful to say that the great object of this college would be to próvido the country with a class of teachers thoroughly efficient and well prepared for their work. In order that the education of the people should be carried on with the highest poFslble result, it was indispensable that the teachers should possess that compe- tency which could only be acquired by a tho- rough training for the work in which thoy were engaged. The possession of knowledge and the ability to impart it were the two great essentials of the teacher. It was neces- sary that he Bhould know much more than he would ever bo called upon to impart-that he should have ascended much higher, up the ladder than the point to which he would have to conduct hiB pupils It was also necessary for him to have at his command the best methods of conveying such knowledge. It was in this latter respect that the well-trained teacher had so great a superiority over the untrained. In regard also to school organisation and school management, it was at once evi- dent how great an advantage was cor ferred by a regular training, and how great an increase in usefulness resulted from such training. By it the teacher would be led to see that it was not alono the Intellect which required cultivation, and that no system of education which excluded tho training of the moral nature of the child was a complete system, or suited to train him for the sphere which he had to fill, and the work in which he bad to labour. No doubt there wero many of the best teachers who had not received such a training, and tho fact was highly oro dltable to their intelligence, industry, and diligence; but. surely, it did not tend to prove that they would not have been saved a great amount of labour had they received it, or that they would not havo been fitted lo render more valu- able results to the state than tbo30 thoy now effect. M. Gulzot, ia speaking of the Normal College of France, had spoken of It as " a vast focuB of light, scattering!ts roys In all directions among the people." He also quoted from tho Encyclopedia Britannica, und from a distinguished American writer on education, to show the beneficial effects which had flown from the normal colleges of Prussia in the first place by elevating the mental and social status of the teacher, and then, as n con- sequence, by improving the general standard of education, and extend lug its influonçe throughout the nation. He believed that if the resolution were carried into effeot, it would within the course of a few yeara exer- cise a marked and beneficial influenoo upon the education of the colony. Mr HAYDON, in seconding the motion, took occasion to correct an impression which he believed existed, that because the present system offered no direct encouragement to the teacher to cultivate the moral nature of the children, such cultivation wns consequently neglected. He believed that this was not tbe case, and that a Eenso of duty, resting on higher considerations than that of payment by results, led the teaohers to give such moral training its proper-that was tho firet-place in their attention. The motion waB put, and carried without dissent Mr. HAYDON then moved-"That tho follow- ing regulations relative to pupil- teachers be adopted: - firstly, that they should receive sufficient Falary to induce them to complete thoir training ; and, secondly, that the Burles examination be so graduated that at its ter- mination it may correspond with the compe- tency examination ; and that the second division, with 'Appendix B,' bo abolished." The speaker argued that the picsont rate of remuneration did not hold out to parents a sufficient inducement to allow their children to remain at behool and properly qualify for the position of pupil-teacher. Mr. BOSENBLTJM seconded the motion ; and at his suggestion, and with the consent of the mover, the following words wero added after the word " training, '-" and that Euch salary be paid entirtly by the board." Alter a lengthened dUcusaion, the second clause of the motion (relative to the Btandard of examination) was struck out, and the temaindet cat lied. Mr. BOSKNBLOM moved, and Mr. MOLLOY lecotdcd, a piopusitiou-" That the standard for the sicond division of competency re- quires to be raised, so as to correspond with the hiebest clasB of pupll-teaoher.." This, after a long debate, was agreed to. Mr. WATTIE proposed-" That it was Bd vi.able to ralso the standard of teachers by means of promotion open to all ; and that ali head teachers, assistant and pupil teachers, should be paid according to classification, that classification to be made from their per- sonal -cbolarehip combined with successful tencblng " Mr. TOBIN seconded the motion, which was carried. On the motion of Mr. D-cnaicK, seconded by Mr. MOLLOY, it was resolved-" That the E.Btem ol exacting a statutory declaration, as provided by ' Eule 6 B,' be abolished." Mr. MACKLIN then moved-" That the pre- sent system of examination under standards for results, as administered by tho board, is unsatisfactory." His objection to the result system waB thls.thatit did not contain,did not provide for, intellectual teaching. It had been eald that although euch teaching was not contained within the system, the system did not binder the teacher from giving it ; but the cuestión was, whether as a system it ade- quately provided for the proper education of the child ? He bol le ved that no system ever contained so little real education as that pro- vided by tho result system. It was the case that when an average child educated under it left school he was only acquainted with a limited number of subjects fixed by rule, and also that his knowledge of these was held in such a way as to have but little root in the intellect or the memory. If a system of really intellectual teaching were adopted, the child then would not only know thoroughly what ho bad loarnfc, but his intel- lect would have boon cultivated In the pro- cese, and hi- would bo fitttd to tako his place in society. Wore it not tbat the children were now taught much more than the system it- self required and recognised as results, ita evil .fleets would be much more manifest than they now were. Mr. HALL seconded tho resolution. Mr. HAYDON agreed with the principle of the motion, and went so much further as to hold that the present system di- rectly tended to dwarf the intellect of the pupii. Also, that it would inevitably operate to drag the standard of examin- ation continually downward. Its effects, moreover, weie most uneqnal a. regarded the teachers of large and small schools, the latter -uiT.rii/g very much from its unjust -application. He also contended that it re- acted in a most injurious manner upon the mental status of the teacher himself, who if engaged for several years in the more me- chanical application of fixed rules of teach- ing, must in the end himself become mere mechanism, and unfitted to assist in the light development of the highor faculties of the intellect. Mr. MILLIK assented to the principle of the isolation, but suggested that the one which ¡he bad framed on the same subject (contained in the 12th recommendation printed above) should be substituted for It, as in itsolf exhi- biting the reason on which it was founded. Mr. WILMOT differed from the motion on this account, it did not go sufficiently far. It only condemned tbo system as being adminis- tered in an unsatisfactory manner. He would move, as uu amendment-" That tho syBtem of paying by results waa in itself unsound." It was impossible to devise a system of paying the teacher by results, because it was impos- sible to justly test what those results wera. The teacher was at present often most highly remunerated for thoBe pupils who, on nccount of their superior quickness, had cost him least labour, while for others whose tuition had been most laborious and difficult he got little or nothing. Mr. TOBIN seconded the motion, repeating ¿he aiguments he had used at the previous .meeting. Mr. WEBB agreed that the system required modification, but the principle itself he was in favour of, considering that the more intel- lectual tho teaching was the larger would be the pecuniary recuits attained, consequently that it was calculated to offer a premium to good teaching. Mr. MILLIE moved the recommendation above referred to as an amendment. Mr. HORSFALL regarded the system as un- sound in principle, and also believed that it was found oppressive and generally unsatis- factory in practice. Mr. COURTENAY upheld the principle, and considered it incapable of producing the evil effects attributed to it, as after all it only affected a small portion of the teacher'a salary. He believed that, taking it on the average, it was calculated to forward the ob- ject for which it was introduced. The amendment of Mr. Millie was then put to the vote and lost ; that of Mr. Wilmot, affirming that the system was unsound, was added to the original motion condemning it as unsatisfactory as now administered ; and the resolution was in that form carried by a large majority. Mr. COURTENAY moved that the income of the school should bo divided between the head teacher and his assistants according to some fixed basis of distribution. Mr. BEILBY seconded the resolution. Several speakers remarked that the resolution was unnecessary, the matter being already provided for by a circular of the board. On being put to the vote it was negatived. I* On the motion of Mr.. MACKLIN, seconded by Mr. BOSENBLUM, it was resolved that copies of tbo ret-olutionB of the conference should he forwarded to tho Board of Educa- tion, the hon. the Chief Secretary, and the chairman of the Boyal Commission of Edu- cation. A vote of thanks was then awarded to the -chairman, and the conference adjourned «in. die. THE son of a respectable tradesman at Dover forwarded to his father, direct from Australia, a small lump of the precious metal, weighing about an ounce. A real nugget was of courue a great curiosity. It was shown to several friends and neighbours, and was ultimately taken by another son of the fortunate ownor to be exhibited at a club established for the cultivation of the art of pigeon shooting. The nugget was handed round, inspected, and placed upon the table, where It was inadvertently left. The land- lord of the bouse, after the company had retired, seeirjg what he deemed a dirty scrap -Of paper on the table, threw it in the fire. Next morning another fire was lit, and the remains of that of the day before removed. During the day anxious inquiry was made for the nugget, which waa nowhere to be found. It at length turned out that it was -contained in the scrap of paptr before al- luded to, and that it had consequently been consigned to the flames. The fire was at once minutely inspected, and every cranny of the fireplace examined, but without suc- cess ; and it was only on carefully sifting the ashes of the previous fire that the precious lump waa found, much discoloured by the ordeal it had undergone, but as intrinsically valuable as before tho operation. - Dover Chronicle. TUB following is said to be an incident of the battle of Lissa:- While the Iron-clad frigate Be d'ltalia was sinking, two Austrian officers jumped into a boat and rowed to- wards the stern of the frigate, in order to s.ize the Italian flag, which was flying there. But au Italian officer laid hold of it, al- though he oould see the Bhip was on the point of sinking, and, after firing a revolver at the Austrian?, went down, preferring to perish with the vessel rather than deliver up the flag. .A GHOST STORY.-A man, living at a village near Mobile, attempted to frighten some gills by wrapping a white cloth around his body, and peisonating a ghost. All ran but one, who polled out a revolver, and fired six balls into the head and body. At the first shot the ghost fell, but she continued filing. She then went home and related 'the circumstance, and parties returning to the spot found life entirely extinct, two balls having penetrated the forehead, and the -other four the region of the heart. 