THE FESTIVE SEASON. [coxMumNICATsD.] T~ELCOME ! welcome,' merry Christmas' Time's" ever-rolling stream has brought your festive season round once more, and' with emotions of joy we `hail yoir annual return. A gladsome time is Christmas. It bids all our dismal sorrows depart, and fills all hearts with present happiness. Yes, at this season members of families who for months have been separated meet around their parents' festive board. We cannot hear the mention of Christmas without be. filled with joy. It is fraught with happiness to thousands, aye, myriads of hearts; and whether in the superb dwellings of the rich or the lowly habitations of the poor, it is greeted and enjoyed in the same spirit. Does it not make one feel happy to see Christian friends meet together and spend a day in innocent pleasure-such as pie-nics and the like ? There are narrow, gloomy minds in the world who tell us Christmas day ought not to be spent in such an un hallowed (as they term it) manner, but should be as sacredly observed as the Sab bath, if not more so. Where they get this doctrine from I am at a loss to conceive; it is nowhere to be found in ' the Scriptures. And until we are convinced their opinion is right we mean to enjoy ourselves. . with Christian consistency and feel free from the censure of anyone. If the happiness of the day is not felt by any, to its full and legitimate extent, it must be by those wh.o, though they are bound to admit it is a time for rejoicing, tell us it is only meant for in ward joy, and not a joy to be shown by our outward deportment in. pleasure-seeking. But such persons must bear in mind that our bodies are as much concerned in the be nefits which we commemorate at Christmas as our souls are ; for it. was to redeem both body and soul that lIE whose birth we then bring to mind ceme into the world; hence, we rejoice with. exceeding great joy. 'Most' certainly it is nothing but right that those who cali themselves Christians should go to the house of prayer on that day to offer up their thanks and praises to God for the best of his gifts-that of his Son; and after this is done we would not condemn, but approve of their enjoying themselves for the re' maindcr of the day in innocent pastimes. Though nearly two thousand years have elapsed since the angels appeared to the Bethlehem shepherds, as by night they watched their ilocks, when a radiant glory shone around causing them to quail with fear, and an angel said, " Fear not, for be hold I bring you, good tidings of great joy, which shall be to you and to all people;" and when " suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host praising God and saying, Glory to God in the highest, on earth peace, good will to wards men :" it is still the same-a time of rejoicing to all-to generations long gone by, generations now living, and generations yet unborn. The angels rejoiced at God's boundless gift-that of Jesus; and I am inclined to think that the sorrows which attended our blessed Saviour through his life, especially the agony which he suffered in Gethsemane whilst groaning beneath the burden of a world's woe, were surely hidden from them; for there is no mournful note in their hymn of praise ; it is " Glory, glory, glory I!" Does it not make one's heart bound within him while joining in the Christman chants ? But of all the anthems sung on Christmas-day to me there is none more elevating and comprehensive than that of Charles W\esley's, beginning '' Hark, the herald angels sing," - anwl to join in it with our hearts and voices is a sweet portion of Christmas enjoyment in the performance of duty. What great changes have taken place since last Christmas I ah yes, many that welcomed with joy, health, and bloom, the previous Christmas will not see this-they have gone. "To that bourne, From whence no traveller return." The cold and chilly hand of death has, with all its terrors, made an inlet into many fam ilies. H-e has removed many a fond father and loving husband, a tender-hearted mo ther and affectionate wife, and dear children firom the homes of their much-loved parents -many a vacant place will be observed in family circles. Yes, death has been carry ing off his thousands on every hand, and amongst them some of our relavives or friends whose faces we shall see no more in the land of the living. And let us remem. ber, oum readers, wherever we are, whether; young or old, richl or poor, that though outc eyes may behold this Christmas, before a nother comes rouud we may be lying be neath the green turf in yon grave yard. While some have had cause for rejoicing during the past year, others have had equal cause for grief and sorrows. But whatever has passed let us at this season of tlihe year forget all and enjoy ourselves as Christians. Let the heart, too, whose dismal forebodings hover like ghosts in the mists of the future, become cheered and illumined' by the .joys of that heaven-born day whose glory is acknowledged throughout Christendodm. Let the merry church bells send forth their pealing sounds; let the chant of the cho risters ascend in welcome invitation to the sacred day ;.let all Christian congregations -no. matter of what style or sect---welcome with hearts glowing with joy the return of this season of.. hope, love, and. cheerfulness. The sentiments associated with Christmas are like :music : they. pervade all spheres, and are limited to none., . They are a poetry which appeals to 'every mind-a harmony which 'touches a chord jin" every soul. Christmas is the highest':emblem of the Christian's hope,' and .implants within the breast' those principles of neighbourly feel ing, fraternal love, and universal charity which can alone. lead mankind on unto a consummate civilization. SAnd now, :y readers, I must wish you for the present farewell, hoping at the same time that you all may spend a merry Christ mas and experience' a happy New Year. M - 