DRAYTOS POttCB COOET. f Before t&\- iVKee itamitratt.) (From -mr own Correspondent) , H. B. Pitt v. John Haher— Threatening lite.— Plaintiff sworn : I hive heard the information read, which is correct ; I know the prisoner ; he has been working on oar station and in my service ; I bad been annoyed by dogs on the head station for tome time ; on my return from Brisbane a short time since I found that my son had been thrown bom bis hone by the animal being bitten by one of these dogs ; I cautioned the people on the station to keep them away or they would be poisoned ; I poisoned some dogs, among them a pup belonging to this man ; on die 80th April myself and Mb. Efts were oat driving ; when we arrived at the garden gate the prisoner came up ; I said to him to go tell the groom «9 take my hone ; he said in an insolent manner to go and tell him myself, and walked up to me fn a most threatening attitude; just as Mrs. Fife got out of the boggy ha said you're poisoned my dog ; I said yes, and would poison every dog on the bead station ,- he ? then closed bis fist And said by b— y h— y Ghost had he been there I shoold not hare returned with my life ; after making use of other violent and obscene expres sions he again mid if he hnng on tbat b— y tree (point ing to one in the garden) in the morning, be would have my life ; I ordered him away, and told him not to make each a fool of himself ; I didn't lose my temper ; I make this charge .not from malice, bnt for my own protection. Mailer stated that everything Mr. Fib had sworn was false; he did charge him with poisoning bin dog, and wanted to get paid for it ; Mr. Fits said he would not pay a d — d shilling, and for me to go to h — I ; be never made use of the words b — y li — y Ohost ; never ?aid he would have his life ; never was a bad roan ; and in fact completely denied Mr. FiU's statements. She Police Magistrate said it could not for one mo meat be Ifelieved that a man in tbc position of Mr. Fiti would make such statement on oath unless true. Nothing could justify such expressions. It was plain the prisoner intended to threaten Mr. Pits, and though nothing might result from such threatening, still they had an unfortunate case in tbat of the late Sir. Owens, lie would treat such cases with severity, and would bind Maher to the peace for twelve months, himself in £100, and two sureties of £50 each. Tie sureties were obtained. 