Standard Novels. TU^T IMPORTED per chip ' Ke«t,-el' a case ot el Standard Novels, amongst which are the fol lowing i — By G. P. -R. James —Price 2s. each. The Man at Arms, or Henri de Cirons Darnley, or the Field of the Cloth of Gold The Step Mother A Whim and its consequences By Captain Marryatt — Price 2s. each, Peter Simple By W. H. Ainswortb — Price 2s. each. The Tower of London, a Historical Romance Rookwood, a Romance Auriol or the Elixir of Life Crichton By Bulwer Lytton — Price 3s. each. The Last of the Barons Pelham or Adventures of a Gentleman. Rienzi, the last of the Roman Tribunes The Pilgrims of the Rhine By Alex. Dumas — Price 3s. and 3s. 3d. each The Half brother?, or the Head and the Hand By Charles Lever — Proce 3s. each. Sir Jasper Carew, or life and experiences Miscellaneous — Price from Is. 6J. to 3d. 6d. each. Colin Clink, by Charles Hooton Rural Sketches, by Thomas Miller Haunted Hearts, by the author of the Lamplighter The Ghost, a legendary tale of the civil wars, by Clara Sicard The Man of Fortune, by Albany Fonblanque Lord Lynn's Wife Mary Barton, a tale of Manchester life, by Mrs. Gaskell The Cross of Honour, bv Annie Thomas Jacob Bendixen, the Jew, by Mary Howitt Marian Withers, by G. Jewsbury The Lost Child, a tale by Lady Scott The Albatross, or voices from the ocean, by W. H. ' Kingston Handbook of Billiards with the theory of the side stroke, and rules of the game by G. F. Pardon The Adventures of a Sporting Dog, adapted from the French by Edward Routledge Continental Europe, the results of the Revolution, the War and what led to it, &c.;, &c.;, by J. W. King The School for Fathers, by Talbot Gwynne Winifred's Wooing, by Miss Craik Spell-bound, or tales of the Supernatural, by M. A. Bird Rose Douglas, the autobiography of a Scotch Minister's Daughter, being sketches of a Country Parish The Cotton Lord, by Herbert Glyn The following are handsomely bound, and suitable for Birthday Gu'.s, Presents, &i;:., many of which are illustrated, price from la. fid, each Truth and Falsehood, or the Adventure* of a ! prince The Steadfast Gabriel, by Mary Howitt. The Life of Luther Fireside Aajucernents Grandmamma's Pocket*, by Miss Hall Ernie Elton, the Lazy Boy, by E. Elwart - The story of Alice Cullis, or How to win by Example by Ellen Brown The Knights of the Red Cross ; seven allegorical stories by R. J. Shields Blanche Cleveland, or the Rain and sunshine of Youth by A. E. W. The Children of Scripture, coloured plates Early Lessons by Miss Edgeworth, 2 vols, in one, new edition The Patriots of the Tyrol, by the author of tho Hero of Chivalry The Post of Honour, by the author of Doing and Suffering Where do we get it, and how is it made ? or, our wants, comforts, and luxuries, by G. Dodd Sunset in Provence, and other tales of Martyr times The Brewer's Family, by Mrs. Ellis Luke Ashleigh, or school life in Holland Antoine de Bonneval, a story of the Fronde The Cruise of the Frolic, a story for Yacht-loving People Rachael Ray, by Anthony Trollope Eleanor's Victory, by Miss Braddon Dennis Donne, a novel, by Anivie Thomas The Queen's Maries, a Romance of Holyrood, by Whyte Melville Barbara's History, by Amelia Edwards Their Majesties' Servants, or annals of the English stage, from Betterton. to Kean, by Dr. Doran ; new Bishop Blomfield's Manual of Family Prayers for everyday in the week Enquire Within upon Everything The Gardener's reason why The English and Australian Cookery Book. Domestic Cookery bv Mrs. Randell The English Cookery Book Soyer's Cookery for the People Cassell's French- English and English-French Dic tionary Herbert's Poetical Works Bloomfield's Ditto Burns' Ditto Gems from the Spectator Evenings at Home Stratagems, a story for young people, by Mrs Cropland The Oreat Commandment, by Mrs. Fry The Tillage Rectory, or Truth in Fiction Anastasius, or Memoirs of a Greek Popular Chapters on the Curiosities of Animal Life Jaquelinn Pascal or Convent life at Port Royal The Billow and the Rock, a tale by Harriet Mar tineau . Alathea, or Sunshine and Shade Stories for the Young Stories of the Wars, by John Tillotson, illustrated How I won my Spurs, or a boy's adventures in the Barons' Wars, by J. G. Edgar, illustrated Creesy and Poietiers, or the story of the Black Princes page, illustrated Curiosities of Savage Life, 2 vols, beautifully illus trated Also On Sale — Cheap penholders Bed and black sealing wax nnd wafer* Note and letter papers, ruled and plain flavor's, Butter»*and Carpeutur's spclliagr Eaerciee and Copy Book* Ciphering Books 8late»and Pencils Steel and Quill Pens Drawing pencila ^ ' Mourning paper and envelopes . . - Rational school, Murray's and Lennie*# Gram* mars Guy's and National school Geographies RtcCulloch's reading lessons : Mangnall's questions Pinnoi'k'rt History of England ' Murray's English exercites A Table Bo -ks School and Pocket Bibles '? . Church Services in velvet and morocco . Mercer's Hymn Books (large and small print) School A^'as 5 Wilkins' Geography of New South Wales Slate pencil holders, slite pencils in cedar Walker's and Sullivan's Dictionaries Chamber's and National school arithmetics National school 2nd, and 3rd Reading Books Ready Reckoners, di'-to for Gold buyers Children's indcstructiblo Books Rc'l, Blue, and Black Ink Prepared Gum, in bottles with brusb Hamilton's Pianoforte Instructors Czerney's echool of Velocity A few cheap Books of Music M.usip Paper Metallic memo and Pocket Books Paper Knives and Rulers Account Bookp« &c.; J. B. ELWORTHY, Bookseller, Stationer, &c.;, Tumut. 