THE OPERA. Masaniello' was repeated on Saturday night nrnLT.? U° success- M«* °» the striking parts of th« opera were retained, though each *f the five acts was much curtailed. Mr Snni™ Mn» of hi, X aTlraWy- T«e force and earnestness matter, thT *f *-**'* even one or two little ' Gallant steed from Roncevalles'- (m Pirie-Btreet). But all went well. Mr Beau mont was a good Alfonso, and Bang ' She bloomed in beauty's pr.de' with great effect Miss Hod'on (who we all know has really got a tongue of h« own) dispensed with it cleverly on this occasion though she is preferable when she is not dumb' Madame Simonsen was a satisfactory Elvira, and Mr. DeHaga's rich voice was heard to great ad vantage in the drinking song allotted to Pietro The popular choruses and barcaroles, which were all well sung, gave immense satisfaction to tho audience. Meyerbeer's 'L'Afrieaine' will be performed for the fir? t time this eveiiiiig. It is a five-act ? pera. The libretto is by Scribe, The original score con sists of more than 400 pages folio ot mu»ic, the performance of which without 'cuts'' would occupy at least six mortal hours. We lnve some times complained that the Lyster Company omitted parts of the operas, and on this occasion we shall show our consistency by blaming them if they do not In all probability, had .Meyerbeer lived to have superintended the rehearsal of this his last great work, he would have very materially curtailed it The story of the drama is founded upon some of the events in the life of Vasco de Gama, to whom belongs the honour of having first doubled the Uape of Good Hope, and discovered the route from Lurope to the kast Indies by sea. The scene (like that of an eclipse of the moon) is laid somewhere m the solar system; it is. hard at times to say where. ' Meyerbeer was a cosmopolitan artist. Previous to the Afncame' he had composeJ six other grand operas, founded upon events, real or ficti tious, which occurred in six distinct parts of our planet namely, Arabia, Egypt. Sicily, France, Ger many, and iiussia. In this his seventh he takes a wider range. His expansive genius embraces one half, or at least two quarters of the world, and is equally at home on land aud sea. His music wand is stretched forth, and lo, prestisimo ! kiu^s, queens, audsubjects. ecclesiastics and laymen, couttiors and civilians, lords and ladies, EuropcuM, Asiatics Indians, slaves, barbarians, knights, and warriors crowd his Court, and at his bidding are poised and grouped with marvellous dexterity and artistic skill, lie waves his hand, aud time and space are annihilated. The principal characters in the dram.i ore Selika an African princess, purchased by Vaseo fruni slavery; and, with Nelusco her countryman im ported by the navigator into Poraigal after bis jirst voyage of discovery; Inez, the young and beautuul daughter of Don Diego, a Portuguese courtier, in love with Vasco. and beloved by Don Pedro; Anna, the waiting maid of thcladv Im? jjou Aivar, me inenu 01 vasco, and the male characters referred to above. The music is admitted by the best authorities in France and England to be for the most part superb. It is said tiiat Meyerbeer hud composed a considerable portion of it many years before the libretto was written or even thought of, and that on this account its several parts are of unequal merit. It may be so; though a cursory examina tion of the score has induced us to entertain a very high estimate of the work as a whole, fcome of the principal airs and conceited piece* are more particularly referred to in the analysis of the drama given below. . It has been objected that the choice of the subject upon whicli '?L'Africaiiie'|isfouuded.-is a mistake, and that some of its scenes would be simply ridiculous were it not that the brilliint niusicof Meyerbeer has thrown overil an enchant ment, which neutralises, even if it does not entirely conceal their anomalous character. There are no doubt some grounds for this objection particularly as it applies to the third act. The spectatorispreseutedwitliaviewof the interior of a vessel bound for an unknown land. The vessel is so curiously constructed that the audience can see into the ladies' and the gentlemen's cabins at a dance, with the companion stairs between. But this is not all. At the same instant, and from the same standpoint, a view is obtained of the upper deck m which are the crew; and still higher up the steersman and others. And as the morniiiu tiawns, the whole of the voyagers, intludinij Portu guese, and Indians, passengers and crew, male and female sing 111 unlr.iken English, for the special dt - lectat:onot' an Australian audience, their sontsof rejoicing off the co;ist of Africa. We bhall be curious to see how all this is mana«cd ou the boards of the Victoria. Act 1.— Don Diaz in 14S6 discovered the Cape of Good Hope, which he named the Cape of Tempests He perished there in a 6torm in ]5W, and it is about this time that the events of the first act are supposed to take place. The scene is the Council Hall of the Palace of Lisbon, luez laments that Vasco, who had been absent two years, had not yet returned, when Don Diego, her venerable papa, informs her that the Kins 'in his goodness unbounded' had chosen for her husbtnd the illus trious Don Pedro. But the doncelludla, like most othur young maidens, has a will of her own, and the courage to assert it. She will give her hand to no one but to Vasco. Don Pedro now interposes He informs the contumacious lady that the iieet of Don Diaz had l-een wrecker!, and that Vasoi is in the list of those who perished.' But now the Councillors enttrlberojiilcliamburin stately pomp. Yonder is the Grand Inquisitor. ¥ou may know him' by his gorgeous olficial robes and bv his measured and majestic magisterial step ; and see. there are the Bishops, with Don Alvar and the other members of the Council. Don Pedro takes tlio Presidential chair, and explains that the Court h;s been convoked by order of the King to deli b-rate respecting the reported wreck of Don Diaz's iieet Don Alvar informs the Court that one who had escaped waited to be admitted. Vasco himself now enters, and having portrayed, in warm and glowing colours, the dangers of navigating the Cape of Tempests, he lays before the Court his own plans of exploration. If the King will furnish him with the mea:is he will clear the dreaded Cape, and add new empires to the Kingdom of Portugal. His only reward should be 'an im mortal name.' But he is misunderstood by one half of the Court, envied by the other half, and ridiculed by all as a wild enthusiast. He then in troduces his two captives, Selika and Nelusco, to prove that he has had communication with tribes whose being none suspected. They were 'neither of Asia's burning soil, nur of the realms where Spain of late lias her proud standard planted/' But both the African Queen, and the scowling, bronze-faced Nelusco are provoking])- sulky, and refuse to give any account of their native country. They deride the high and mighty Councillors, and nre ordered to be removed. Don Pedro also traduces Vasco, and refers contemptuously to his plans as ' weak and rash.' Vasco how becomes indignant, rebel lious, and even defiant. He denounces the Coun cillors as 'traitors, whom envy and jealousy blimi,' and for his contumacious revilings he is sentenced to perpetual imprisonment. The prin cipal compositions in this act are a cadenza sung by Inez. 'Farewell, calm flowing river;' several unisonal choruses for male voices, and a splendid quartette and chorus, with a coda, which hits been pronounced by the musical critics of Paris as equal to the thrilling ' Ben6aietion des Poigiiaids of 'Les Huguenots.' Act 2.— The spectators are now invited to exa mine a dungeon of the Inquisition. They see through the doom a female tonn bending over a sleeping prisoner. It is Selika watching Vasco m his fitful and broken sleep. He has been breathing its damp and murky atmosphere an :ntire month, and now in his dreams he sails i-jain pn the pecan wave; and yet, in his euchant ng delirium he is with his beloved Inez. As he ncoherently gives expression to his dreaming noughts Selika bathes hia burning brow, warms lis icy hands, and endeavours 'to calm his grief ortured heart' by singing 'the soothing strains -f her lost land.' Nelusco now enters. He has :onceiyed an intense hatred of Vasco. He is a Jhristian, and a trafficker in slave?, and Nelusco lad sworn he should die. But Selika defends the BiuuibcuuK |jiiauiiui tutu an tuc passionate energy of a woman's devotion, and in deing so awakes Vasco, who, with a terrible scowl, disrui.-ses Nelusco, and with a fascinating smile avow3 him self as the lover of .Selika! The African Queen in of course, both astonished and delighted. Hut as she gives expression to her gratitude, and the hero and heroine are deliberating respecting their future career, luez and Dou Pedro enter. The interview is exceedingly embarrassing to all parties, but especially to the vacillating Vauco Inez explains that she has procured the release of the illustrious navigator at the price of her own hand to Don Pedro. Vasco perceives that Inez has also transferred her love to Don Pedro, and suspecting that her jealousy of Selika has had Bomethinj' to do in revolutionizing her heart's' affection, ne protests that the African princess had never been anything more to him than his slave He thereupon urges Inez to accept both Selika ami Nelusco-' one glance of love from the beautiful Inez would repay all.' But this could not be Inez and Don Pedro had that morning been united at the altar, and Don l'edrq had been entrusted by the King with a commission to carry out the exploratory designs of Vasco. !Wpe0,.ho»erer offers his services to Ltonji^wfaorWtfl; Bmnehow or other, Selika iaiudueed to join the party on their intended voyage. The act closes with a very fine gSSefte. sung by Inez. Solika, Amu, Vasco, Con Ajrar, Nelusco, and Don -*edro; in which ihW principal strain of the instrmaental introduction is reproduced with adrairableTjtffectryThis act also contains several other gems, fadnding two or three EP??9 l£f?rel1!l¥oaD?.Vasa*S»d a «»eet air by Behka,- f- Hush'd on this lap. ttitiwny head.' ;_Act 3.— The events of thisjet are supposed to transpire, on shipboard, sonararere in tne Indian Ocean, possibly near Poiafcflweption. The vessel Ir commanded by Don' Pedro, and Nelusco is the plot Inez,- with Anna, accompanies Jher lord and master op. the voyage, and-Don Alvar is also on board. It is the dawn of tbe morning, and a double chorus is sung by the cabin passengers and crew, as the lamps are extinguished and the- broad daylight pours into the upper and lower decks, Don Alvar and Borne of the crew are suspicious or Nelnsco, who is giving his commands to tteer to the north. He, however, justifies fits conduct by declaring that a typhoon is near : and further works , upOU the superstitious fears of the crew by singing !i legend of his country— a sort of African ' Rule Britannia' and 'Bay of Biscay' rolled into one— tottebinff one *' Adamastqr, the dread ruler of the 3torn5** And now a sail is in sight carrying Por tngtleu colours. See. she has lowered a boat; it ap proaches with Vascohimseh', who in atrice»tepsupon the stage deck. He warns Don Pedro that Nelusco is steering the vessel towards the very rock whereon ;he fle: t of Don Diaz was ' hurled with impetuous mock.' But the Don is suspicious. He accuses Pasco with having some sinister dedans. They inanelasd 'from words they almost come to )lo.?£ 1 Vasco challenges Pedro to mortal combat mttheUtter-stands upon hi* dignity, and threatens ^1^V5?cttothLma8t,andfei*jrate his hide nth the discharge of a volley of muskftrv Vasco s now absolutely furious, and his vociferations are leard by Inez and Behka. who rush forward to the esoue, Bdika in particular is intensely indienant. I fesaffit?'8' to Vascoha8 wu8edth-; tokeiL wooa-oe snea. then her life shall be By the cods we dread, my resolve remains un Don Pedro for a moment cowers in dismay before tne lm&etywua; and indignant daughter of Africa, ne un-iefK^jylrner menaces to refer to Inez, and he orderWa«3no b?put in chains, and Selikato oe ,E£'zfi'i and scourged by her own countryman. Bat Nelusco is now mutinous, and declares his determination to die rather than execute the detested sentence upon the person of his Queen. And now tbe very elements conspire to^ 1 . , . - rescue the oppressed. Tlio winds roar, tho4Jg--l Wiiow^i11 sV-pr*.'aShca ridinK ou the creWd itensas^Aiycuja011 b'Bd b iost ^sovereign of the countr/of whichT £ the' capital, fceubi's return is celebrated with appro priate pomn and rejoicings, and during a Graft nunical ceremony, preparatory to her coronation, she is induced by .Nelusco and the High Priest S Braiim to swear to observe the laws of ber country fhjLto r8troy -Merj; .8tranKer wh° should profane their native soil by his presence. It is now ascw Umed that Vasco and several Christian wotSen me been saved from the wreck. The women \ a«o. to avoid this degradation, is determined to fall heroically by bu own steel. He is, however rescued from both his enemies and hiS l»y the sudden appearauce of Selika, who Ibsucs from the temple and claims him as her husband. Vasco very onhguiKly reciprocates the lady's overtures wuli entire ahncratiun of every former tie of S I* V.M i » Tv the ritc? of lua'«aKe are about to \Lrl ^ Ui ln ,at;cordan«! with the customs of in'''?' l!,ut t.'Jey are interrupted by the voice with the uibtrumental accompaniment' ££ oSite original m conception; and. if carefullv anfl *? curately rendered, must produce quite asKionS effect Then, again, towards the end o(Uie wt thereisaduet between Vas^o and Selika. whteh has ken pronounced to be Jittloif at all inferior to the celebiated love duet in 'Lcs Huguenots.? Act 5. -lu this act the scattered incidents of tfe drama converge to a central point. Inez is seer/Tr the tin,t instance soliloquizing She explains how she had escaped from death's gaunt arms and the deadly vapours of the futnl upas. Vasco now .?imiears and declares himself to be brokenhearted he had given himself irrevocably to another, and honour forbade himtohoiu tiny further intercourse with Inez, fcehka now enters. She is no longer a bride but a monarch, and she will punish the per lMii't^aSco, whohadso soon proved unfaithful to his vows. Inez pleads for him; but the heroic -Uricaine has her own peculiar scheme of retribu tive justice, and she will carry it out She accord ingly directs Ntlusco to convey bath Vasco and im-zonlioardaves&ellyiiittiii; U10 oiling, and on ? us return to meet her 'where yon proud headland towers and the ocean commands.' Nelusco obeys' the vessel sets sail 'never to return,' and in tho ?ist scene Selika and Nelusco expire, self iuimo l-i t;.l, beneath the upas-tree. Tlifs 'last scene of all is described by Knglish musical critics as a triumph of art, and equal, in regard to the rich Naval RitiGADF.-The volunteer movement has not been as yet very heartily responded to at tho i'orf, only one or two enrolments having been made in the infantry, while the minimum numher '' artillery has not yet been completed. A move ment lias now been set on foot to form a Naval Brgade or Murine Artillery Company, anil yith this view a numerously signed memorial haa :«-en presented to the Mayor, who has convened a meot inn to be held in the Town Hall this evening, to consider the proposition. Colonel Biggs will bo in atieniliince to enrol members. The Volustkkks at Kapond,\\.-TIio members of the Kapunda i!iHu3inct for their first drill 011 a uesday, August 2S, opposite tho Wesleyan Chapel, Vmc being no less than T.\ of the members present i'lie company were drilled fr.111 4 to 6 o'clock, and 11 number of the members also drilled again 4V0 Mine evening from 7 to U o'clock, und ngain fr*i\ G lo S o'clock the following morning. From somu cause or another wu hear that it in likely that tho Kapumla Mine Kiile Company will not he canlud un. - Kapunda Herald. RAPID BAY MARBLE.-On Saturday we saw at Mr. Kellet's works, in Waymouth-street a mantel piece and tombstone manufactured out of a dove coloured marble from.the property of Mr. William Randall, Rapid Bay. The marble is considered to possess some very good qualities, and will form a valuable addition to our colonial products. The quarry in which it is found is situate about a mile and a quarter from the beach, near a good shipping place. The marble may be obtained in blocks from 8 feet to 10 feet long by 4 feet or 5 feet wide, and 3 feet or 4 feet thick without a head. Mr.Kellet intends polishing a slab for transmission to the Paris Exhibition with another of Macclesfield marble. No Man's LAND.-On Saturday, the 1st hist ii deputation, comprising the Major of Kensington and Norwood, Mr. Mouklen the Town Clerk, and Councillors Howell, Starnes, and Nieuaber, waited un the llun. the Chief Secretary, to urgo the e«ptdiency of immediate Government action in forming and making the road lietweori'Uie city and suburbs, extending from Bailey's L'orner to tho IJiitannia Hotel, and locally known as 'No Man's Land.' The deputation was most L\uirtcoiisly received, and promised that tho matter should be forthwith laid before tho Execu tive Coum-il. VUiKAt, NmciiKE Mining CoMPANY.-From the Kupunda Herald we learn that on Friday August 24, the adjourned half-yearly meeting of the Wheal Nitschke Mining Company was held at the Prince of Wales Hotel, Kapunda. There were between 30 and 40 shareholders present and Mr J. 1*. iMoyle presided. The balance-sheet was read' ititl after some discussion adopted. The Directors ixpressed regret at n»t being able to give ajjMt 'avourable report, but attributed it to tlieffad lature of the ground met with in driving, and viiich had required a much greater outlay iu .nniieniig. 1 hey recommended the shareholders .0 consider the advisability of increasing the apitul. 1 he Captaiu's report showed that there ia.1 been 54 tnna of ore mil,] and 12 tons remained it grass. Alter some discussion as to the best node of working the mine, it was resolved to ?mpower the Captain to give a tribute of two .liirds 111 the pound in order that the poorer places uight be worked. It was also decided to keep the aiuc workiiiK, and also to ruduce the transfer fees rom -2s. to s. per scrip. A vote oi thanks to tho Jiairnian closed tho meeting. Another Mineral Discovery.- Tho {Cupuwia Itrald says-' We have been, favoured with tho allowing assay-note of two. parcels of ore and ono -f gossaii from the Wheal Maria Mine, the latter ?f which has hitherto been thrown away as use/ ess, and is, we are informed, procurable in any Iuaiituy:-No. 1. Copper, 43 percent.; silver. K o the ton: No. 2. Copper. :w per cent.; «lvcri & )l. to the ton: No. 3. UoHsan-copper, 1« per :ent.: tiiver, 24 oz. to the ton. A letter was re. :eived from Captain Treniaine on Wednesday light, August 2.4, stating Uiat tho lodes were still ncreasiiiK in richness. Education Commismon in Victoria.— We un lcr.,taiid that the Government propose at once to ippoint the lioyal Commission to report on the vorkin^ of the present educational system. The olio wing gentlemen have been requested to act-— '?'ortlieChuichof England-The Hon. O. UMu. .othani, Dr. Uromljy. und the Hon. James Uenty, inn V v ^M'^b Ur- °°rr'Kan and tho loii A. inner, A1.L.C; for the Presbyterian*. It. Morrison und Mr. Love, M.L,A.; for tho DdepenilentH, Messrs. Jlolfe und George Hawker; ir me Haptuti, the .Hon.. Air. Jenifer, M.LO. lr iZLl mVT'1^ l0liMt Dt- Urownlesuand lr. casev. n\\.lj.A. — A nutniim-n /w,». *.._._.»? A Hunting Scnta-In a kangaroo district where aa elderly gentleman of a thousand CelUo descents resides, and whoae ardour for the chaejjf nearly three-score and ten years has not more than mellowed, a day last week found himself carefully watching a pit alongside a fence, into which his sons were driving kangaroo. Stationed behind a tree, and as motionless as jn old days he would have been upon a 'deer pass.' he eagerly watched the facing datcentiu of an 'old man' and a couple of does into the pit. Satisfied that the drive was itill distant, he thought to employ he interval in the immolation of the captives in the vuuty more, and with this object approached wuddy in hand to give them the coup-Uemux, A treacherous wire in the grass upset him into the Pit, and he found himself in unpleasant juxtaposi tion with two flying does and another old inaar Notwithstanding the shock pluck toki. and aiteril brief tussle, they-the marsuuials-w«rel«winted for; but one cau fancy the old Aaatkm&irituwror; atnnding it Jam*?* '»'' kangaroos, for fa tho JMWMBfmlacktl hod converted to tiiffran and there they were Mowing down upon bJia to the amount in confined quarters ofaboutAdMBn. However, nothing daunted he endnred them, arid ' after rubbing them out, piled up his dead, and emerged from his vomitory on the mound fea had jnade. He is all right now.— Hamilton Spectator A Ghost STOBY.-The Warrenheip boat spondeut of the Ballarat Star supplies a ghost Btory. He writes:— 'Por Warrenheip h«i bee* reserved the Rood fortune of prddiicirig-tbe flnt veritable ghost, and the atary runs thus. In the vicinity of ilajfJll&Ooghlan;'a breirery lire* fa Mr. Daniel Jahfy; a nativeTas the name betokens -of the Emerald Ink, who, for some 'deeifdone m his daya, « now tormented by a spirit of tbe other woiTd, which makes its presence known bv constantly lighting the camlks asfast aithey are E*outl ». that once a candle I»%hted it mut be thoroughly burnt out ; and nomaUerhow manv candjea may be burning or where placed iHhSJ ftnMft s?» its jBunJi w his Church, hi whose 'backward matters of an7whonrfoPZth.e Plac^8 'mott taP^Maitn: S!i« li kv have given him somtf good adnce, which he wisely keeps to himself. I Have hnLyi« m'Ii6* ''-= ^pe of ghostly operation*, but should the wonder live until to- morrow J pur. pose satisfying myself, when no doubt I ahalllo able to render a good account of big ghowhrn. The latest to hand is that last ni«bt tha-amdl* sticks took & fir, and jumped off tbe table otvto the floor and back again.*' ? n ' .' y f| w Wood sptrrrnra-T-TJie following irffl Bf foonfl an expeditious, ecODdrnleal, and sale way of re drcing large1 log* to & convenient ei# for firewood and might he used with great advantaga byahoso wYo supply engines:- To a piece of round iron. one inch in diameter and a foot or 16 inches long, have an eye turned umllar to the ta»d ! » key nit round the %oeth«f fitm from point to eye, h^\^Ltff% f ??**'»*: «Bmall holeii hen to 1 be drilled down ihe centre, a hollow laving been made at the top under the eye for ecemrw the prirnfaK. To make me of the article wre a ho*aia&«f0£|rHh'an auger just the width ?1 screw Ie«s than the iron, put in the charge of -SJf»Brj rfcerew down tho iron tight, prime bjr HMDa-.of a small - hole through the centre with We powder, explode br means of a torch, string, fepap«.- Branvmd mm. 