OPENING SERVICES OP THE WES- LEYAN CHAPEL, TAEEE. — m - - • •-»• • THE N'^fc little edifice Which-ias teeently been-ejected.for the use of the Wenleyau Methodists at Taree, wa8*de^i«lt£d to the service of thejfiod of all Chrjpans, on Sabbath list. Al -n- very large numDer number or of persons ^as in attendance—far more than the building would contain—and many were obliged to be content with a seat in i reported- n . c a P™®o commodious d »ous " teBt whlch "bad Tjeen-erected on the north b >»?¥ing. , servip|8;were.com- Wesleyah Collection, after which-tlhe dedicatory prayer was offered. . . The choir ,then chanted most effectively " Gome Holy Ghost, otir 'hearts inspire'The' lesson was 'from Isaiah lii and liii, after which came that beautiful hymn " All-Te that pass by" Bev. Mr. Nairn then preached from the text II Corinthians viii, 9—" For ye'know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that though he was rich, yet for our sakes he became poor that ye through his poverty might be rich." We very greatly regret that the crowded state of our columns prevents the reproduction of some of the beautifully impassioned appeals to ' the assembly; with which the sermon abounded. 'Whilst'dwelling upon the love which impelled Deity to abandon tie glories of Heaven, and to endure a period of toil and suffering upon earth, which was; only terminated by an ignominous death upon the cross, that the poorest and most wretched son _pf toil might' become an heir of God, and a joint heir with Christ to a kingdom incorruptible and undefiled—one that fadeth not away—profound silence reigned'throiighthe large assembly who hung upon the minister's lips—and many a tear involuntarily fell from the hearer's eye. And when at length, the end of the Christian's hopes was pointed out ; and we saw in imagination the poor sinner who had washed his robes and made them white in the blood of the Lamb, entering into the joy of his Lord; when 1 we seemed to hear the hallelujahs which reverberate through the courts of heaven, as one after another of the redeemed of the Lord enter there, we felt with the minister that "the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ" would be a theme to occupy our regenerated thoughts throughout eternity—one so vast that no human capacity can ever do it justice. The morning service was a long one—but no Bign of weariness appeared upon any of the eager, upturned faces. On the contrary, there is every reason to hope that good was accomplished the fruits of which will be seen after many days. The evening services were conducted by the same leverend gentleman; his text being Psalms cxix., 63. Upon this occasion, the address was of a most catholic character, indicating the expanded and liberal views of Christianity held by the speaker. It was pleasant to members of other denominations, many of whom were present, to hear the graphic delineations of that love and affection which not only ought to exist, but does exist, among all" true followers of their common Master—and to hear the recognised leader of a christian sect exhorting his flock from his own pulpit to keep constantly in view the divine declaration, "All ye are hrethren." Altogether the discourse was of no common character. It indicated thought, and evidenced cultivated judgment, and true christian feeling. The collection after the Sunday Services amounted to £10 17s. 4d. THE TEA MEETNFG. A tea meeting had been fixed for the following Tuesday; and basing their judgment upon the number who Were present on the Sabbath before, the committee thought two or three hundred might be reasonably expected to be in attendance on this occasion. They were, however, disappointed — most agreeably ngi-oeauijr so—for bo—ior before oeiore , lour four o o'clock ctocjr five hundred people must have been on the ground. Orfilinn. We Wp happened Iionrionf/» to get to 4-n. the first £ i tables, at which .we found seventy- eight persons seated, all in the best possible humor with themselves, and all. the world. These tables were filled five times afterwards, so that it is quite fair to suppose four hundred and fifty J . Fpeople KO F were euiertameu entertained on tws this occ 5 81 ° n ' a ?. d yet—be it spoken to the praise of the ladies of Taree—there —..wu were provisions left iT" unconsumed after all this mis multitude had vf® n s ?® cient for a 8 many more-so "P^'y nad they provided for their expected visitors. If we said what we really think of the tasteful manner in which the chapel was decorated—of the excellence of the tea, and the great variety of edibles spiread before visitors, it might be supposed we desired to flatter the excellent women to whom all this had been entrusted—and so we shall say no more about the matter than is embraced in the observation, "nothing could have been better." When at length the tables had been cleared, the arrangements for the meeting were commenced in earnest. ' Soon after dusk the lamps were lighted; the house was densely packed; people were crowded together until there was scarcely room to breathe ; the tent was filled as on Sunday ; and great numbers unable to get into either, crowded around the windows, or in some cases took their departure. After singing and prayer, Mr. NAIBN opened the proceedings with an exceedingly humorous speech, in which he described a feast he had recently attended over which "Bishop" Belford presided. He told us of the old bag that was Used as a table cloth on that occasion; of the dirty tea cup that was washed in the tea of which he afterwards partook; of the fingers that were used as a spoon to put sugar in the cup, and the dirty stick, the end of which was cut off with his teeth, with which it was stirred; and he contrasted all this with the feast of which the assembly had just partaken. He told us the principal object of the gathering was to get money to pay offa SmaU debt yet remaining on the building, but he was a poor beggar—-he was too bashful, had boon too long unmarried—and besides he could under no circumstances be termed "barefaced." Bishop Belford had the advantage of him in {his respect, and he would leave the assembly to the bishop's tender mercies. Some other good beggars were also at hand, from whom he wished to take lessons, so that he might in turn screw up his courage to pop the question to some young lady; and afterwards when he had learned to sing " Home, Sweet Home"—and been enabled to taste the joys of a fire-side of his own, he mighib perhaps become a better beggar for others, aua throw aside some of the excessive modesty that now afflicted him. Mr. Flett had agreed to preside, and he would now call upon him to take the chair. - Mr. PiETTjaaid if he felt inclined tp follow the example of the ipverend gentleman who : liiwj jostsat down, he thought he'could make .agoodispeecHtoo, but he doubted whether they wouldjreceive from him remarks of the same kin^lui exactly the pamo spirit. Mr. ixfalra .uia evidently an object in view; he had intended, and had succeeded too, in g^ttingthe audience into a good humor, , thus paving the way for thosewhowere to follow He had great pleasure in presiding over this meeting. He was an old . resident ef the river, and hxd watched the gradual development .>of its resources' with pleasure. He had himself had some hand in the changes that haro been effected. He knew the spot on which this building stands when it was uninhabited and unoccupied, except bv the •wild beasts,of the forest. Mr. Rett alluded to the improvements made in the district, and expressed his conviction that this would ultimately become a highly prosperous community. Considering this erection as a thankoffering of the people to the Almighty for his kindness to them, he saw it raised with pleasure, and he hoped that within, its hallowed walls many would be converted to a, knowledge of the true O-odL The report of the building^committee was then read i»y Mr. CEOFTON, who also made a few appropriate remarks. From this paper' it appeared that Mr. read's contract for the •erection of the building amounted to £100 15s.; Mr. Edward's bill for stoue-work and lime, to £20 7B. ; cost of bricks, "£67 10s.: <litto of seats, £6; sand, labor, and incidental oxpensea, £7 3s. 5d.; land and conveyance, £2G «s.; in all—£228 Is. 5d. Of which there 'had been received, including a grant of £25 from the chapel building committee, and estimating the proceeds of the tea meeting roughlyat £20, mall about £173, leaving a..debt of £29 Ssr ?<L still on the building— a, sum whieh he hoped to see wiped off this •evening', so that at its conclusion this might fee literally " God's House," with no human "claim upon it. _ Music by the Choir—Miss CHOP TON presidingat the harmonium, which she managed admirably. Mr. BELFOBD then-addressed the meeting. He said it did his heart good to see so many lappy, smiling faces before him. And although -he stood aiTaigned upon the serious charge of being a beggar, perhaps he might tie able to vindicate his character to their satisfaction. His defence was that he came in the name of his Master, not to beg, but -to urge that a portion of what was G-od's should be consecrated to his service. " The cattle upon a thousand hills are mine" said the Governor of the Universe, speaking by the mouth of his prophet. " The earth is the Lord's and the fullness thereof," said the psalmist, «o that when you surrender a part of the good things with which you are surrounded, you only give up a portion of that afco Him, who might justly demand the whole. But taking another line of argument, how •muchtdo we owe to Him who gave us life, And health, and all we enjoy ? But he lias •done more, he has given us a treasure of .which no earthly calamity can deprive us ; a •title to & kingdom; a patent of nobility, present peace and future hopes in comparison with which all the riches of the earth are hut as dust ia the balance, for " what will it ^profit a man if he gain the whole world and Jose his own soul, or what will he give in exchange for his soul ?" Mr. Belford recounted the successive steps Methodism has taken on the Manning. The first place of meeting was under a few boughs at Tino- •nee, where a very small congregation met to worship Grod, and look forward to a day something like this. Then they assembled .successively at Mr.Doust's; at Mr. Carter's; at Mr. G-ibson's, to reach which place they •waded through a swamp; at Mr. Crofton's «tore; and now this beautiful edifice had been reared. It filled his heart with joy to Bee it—and contrasting the past with the present, he felt inclined to say " the lines have fallen to us in pleasant places, and God has given us a goodly heritage." Mr. BELTORD said he would not detain the Audience with a longer speech, because they were doubtless impatient to listen to the "big guns" that would make a report after him. He considered the small balance now due might be easily raised, and he hoped it would be done to-night. Mr. EOSE next delivered a very long address, but as he did not present the objects -of the meeting in at all a different light, we are compelled to omit his remarks. It mav, however, be observed thit he dwelt chierfy npon the importance of religion, and urged all who heard him to seek that change of heart without which it is impossible to please God. He was listened to with great attention, and evidently enjoyed more than usual freedom from all embarrassment in Music by the choir—Harmonium accompanying. Mr. BURNETT thenaddressed us. He spoke of the pleasure. he had experienced this evening; a pleasure, however, not unmingled with regret on account of the absence of the Eev. Mr. Bourne, whom he had known and loved during the last two years. He alluded to the dedication of the Temple at Jerusalem, on which occasion Solomon offered oxen and sheep innumerable, and said, although our temple waAnot to becompared with Solomon's in splendor, it was a neat comfortable edifice, amply sufficient for some time to come; and it would be a very easy matter to enlarge it at a future time. He hoped something of the liberality which was manifested when the great Temple was dedicated would be displayed here this evening, and he used a variety of arguments which it can now answer no goodpurpose to re-produce, but which were intended to influence those who heard him, to give as God had enabled them to do, by the abundant crops with which the -district had been blessed, and the remunerative prices they were now obtaining. A collection was then taken up, which amounted to £11 9s, Gd. Mr. NAIBK then addressed the meeting. He was at first humorous, and the audience were convulsed with laughter as he repeated anecdote after anecdote which tended to illustrate some point the speaker intended to make. He then became grave, and delivered a. very feeling address to the young, urging them to remember their Creator in the days of their youth, before the evil days draw nigh, and before irreligious habits which usually grow stronger with advancing years, should bpcome irresistible. At times the speaker was brilliantly eloquent—so much so, that it woilld be impossible to do him justice'in the space to which we are limited. Mr. NAIBN then thanked the meeting for their liberality, and put the question—Shall we wipe off'the. remaining debt to-night? It is now something'under £18. and it is for thoso present to flay whether iiow that we have done so well, we shall let well enough alone, or whether by. an united effort we will sweep off the remainder. : Mr. BELFPBD announced that another sovereign, subscribed some time since, had just been .paid, reducing the balance to about seventeen pounds. ;:..'•.. Mr.BATEsmadeashort speech,and handed over a pound... Mr. CBOFTON said he would give half the remainder of. the debt,, provided the, balance was subscribed to-night.. ..,..'• . Mr.- Xtous'T said, he would, give another pound.. Mr. JOYCE, Mr. BELFOBD, Mr. THOMAS THOTTEK, and Mr. SAMUEL GIBBON, each gave a sovereign. Mr. MABrtv and Mr. FMMMING each gave ten shillings. Some ten or fifteen, other gentlemen gave smaller amounts. It was then announced that more money had been received than was necessary, and THE CHAPEL WAS FEEE EEOM DEBT. Loud and prolonged cheering. The usual votes of thanks were given and responded to. After which/the Ddxology was sung—and tie proceedings' closed with prayer. It is unnecessary to^add that this meeting was a great success, and every one left it delighted. 