THE GHOST I MET ON WATERLOO '.:'.'- '..' :, .?'.'.'' ??']?' '.BREDfiE^. ,, , -.'' ' : ' ?' \- V -; f PROM ONCE A WEEK.] We w*ere sitting round the fire at Squire Jones's one evening kearly in Janudry, 185—. ,It was not exactly a family party, for a great many of the people assembled were not related, but we all knew each other very intimately, arid though we were a good round dozen in number, yet our conversation had assumed that quiet, dreamy aharacter which, more usually marks a smaller and less sooiable gathering tuan ours was. We were all staying m the house, and, having exhausted the usual evening amusements, we had, with one consent, as it were, collected round the large old-fashioned fireplace in the library. There was no light save that from the fire, for the introduction of candles bad been strongly negatived. 1 ?? ' Oh, no !' cried Kate Crofton, when the Bquire had suggested ib, ' we can talk so much better without them.' ' And why-so, my dear?' said the squired 'Oh! I don't know,' said Kate, who was a general favorite ; ?' but it is much more cosy when one has nothing to do.' And l certainly it is so. An easy chair, a brigh.t fire, cheerful company, and no' prospect of being obliged to get up too early the next morning, — with these attributes how pleasantly may an idle hour be spent ! I oould write pages, expatiating on; the peculiar charms of fire-light, but I won't, as nobody: would read it; more particularly at the commencement of a tale. Our conversation had,1 as i. nave said, become quiet ana dreamy, wnea sud denly Harry Leslie, a nephew of the squire's, said : — ',V,Have ypu heard that this house is haunted?' Npw| if the,re , is one thing 'that, people Lave a tendency ,to: talk of in that uncertain light, it' is of anything, that carries some element of tho super natural about.it. I' Have you ever heard that this house js haunted ?' said Harry Leslie, ' Oh I no,' said Kate Crofton, all eagerness. ' Do tell us all about it. I am sure I should not be able to go to bed to-uight unless Julia Vane slept in the same room. Julia is so strong-minded, uin't you Julia ?' But Julia was better engaged listening to honeyed nothings uttered, by Arthur j Storm, her devoted admirer for the time being. 'Do tell us all about about it.' said Kate aeain. 'What' nonsense. Harry,' the squire interrupted, ' you ou^ht not to put 'such ideas into people's heads.' . 'No, but indeed^' uncle, there is a ghost. That tyrant of the poor slaveys, Mrs Fussemcnt, told me the otlier day.'. 'Mrs FusBemont ought to hold her tongue,' said the squire severely. 'You'll be as bad a tyrant as Mrs Fussemout, if you don't ' let mo tell them the direful tragedy that led to this uneasy spirit, roaming up and down; the staircase,' clad in a wmte sueei, auu naviug ieic nis neau Deuxna him. Now, Kato,if you go and look but of your dopr about half- an hour after the rest of the people in 'the house are tiBleep, you are sure; to see him. Just try, will you?' ' How can you be so absurd? as if I would, even supposing he were there at all, ' she replied. 'Then' you wouldn't stop and take a sketch of him, as that relation of Lcrd : Byron's did of the ghost at Newatead?' '.But whose, ghost is it?' she. asked. 'I'cannot eiiter into all' the particulars of the horrible story, as[ uncle won't, let me. But it is some old Sir Hubert, de Jones, who' lived I don't exactly know when,' .'but somewhere about the time ' of ' the Crusades. He was an ornuEaent to our fnrhily, I oti,n; assure you. He ground down the poor, he cheated the church, ho laughed at the priest, be murdered his wife, he ran away in battle, and at length died from .drinking. Now don't you think we should want' a'great' many gallons of holy water before we could lay .such a ghost as his ?' ' Isn't' it all nonsonse ?' said Mary Soymourj turning to me. ' No, no,' cried Kate, interposing. ' I Jo liko a good ghost tale, particularly if it 19 true.1 It frightens ;one so, you know. 'But.iSIarry haa made this so absurd; . Now, Dr. Ramsay, yon iteli us ouo, do.' . ' J tell you one 1' I said ; . V do you think I know anything of ghosts ? ?; Besides, if I attempt'to frighten yon, I may succeed too well.' ' Yes,' remarked the squire ; ' like thoso modioal students at Doblin, by that trick they played their 'Qojmrai'de.''0 'What was that?' asked Mary Seymour',' ' 'who was of a more practical turn than ?Katio, and liked realities. 'They had a feliow iitudoat, \yho profesaed that ho was never frightened ?by anything. . ? They challenged him ,t-6 go into the dissocting-roorn after dark. He accepted the challenge but before .ho- wout, they had plaeed a corpse in . auclra position that it must, fall on the person who opened the .door. ;Unlmppily ih& trick succoeded too well, and tho terror . converted in a moment a. promising, bold, dashiyg, youth into au 1.iwbcoUp.'1 '. ' JTqw, unolc, you ^ro jnuoh worBo ; ti»H« ^ f«iy f(?y y^\\]v |al(j Jk^uo, (T |xs\vo o(t?n snen it allaaed ' to), . and simply frightful,' said Harry Leelio. ' Pp you remember what Homer says?' I observed :,'''' many birds fly about under the beams of the snn, but wo must not regard all as ominous,' or words to that effect, giving it literally.' , 'Neyermind Homer, doctor,, else you'll frighten I Kate more by that than by the ghosts.' 'Half j the 'ghosts that are said to haunt' certain spots in the country,' I said, ,' have owed . their origin to some peculiarity in the light, and shade, or in the sound of the wind. Ghosts, you know, Kate, are licit always visible.' ' Do you believe in the Gock Iiano' Grhost?' asked Harry; ' or in the super natural discovery of the Red Barn murder, or in the Flying Dutchman ? But,' '.lie ' added, getting more serious, ' what an endless amount of specu lation mieht be made on this subiect. so I won't ask you, as it isn't fair. Wasn't the Duke' of Buckingham warned? How would you like to hear some one rattling the rings of your curtains some night, Kate?' ' There are some curious things that never seem to get explained,' said .William North, -who had hitherto remained silent. 'Now I know a place down in the country where the house bells would begin ringing in the middle of the night. I remember that there were all sorts of rumors about at the time, and I believe the family who lived there ware a good deal frightened about it.' Different tales got about, and people used to whisper how the former owner committed suioide after leading a very wretched life ; and a great many other lively tales. Well, it died out gradually, and now few remember it. But the ringing has never heen explained, and I know that it took' place as I have described.' ' I have heard, of another somewhat similar instance;' said tho squire, who, getting interested in the conversation, had ceased to object to it. ' It was in a large old ramblingj Louse, and curious noises are of Un heard in such buildings, which really proceed from Datnral causes, but it is sometimes difficult to ac count for them. In this particular instance, how ever, what the noise was I am not prepared to say, link «t, nnv vnfn it V-nnn(t() t.Vin mnat.iftv rif t.iift VinnBR togetupinthe middle of the night, and he abso lutely carried his wife down- stairs in his arms. He never explained, as far' as I am aware, the nature of his alarm ; but that there was some reason for it I am certain, as he was not a man, easily frightened.' ' Perhaps he thought the house was going to tumble down, suggested Harry.' ' I wish you would be quiet, Harry.' said Kate. ' Cita tions are strange things, and there are stated to have heen many given to men whose names appear iu history,' said William North ; ' I have seen soinewhore that George I. on his way to Osnaburg had a letter placed in his hands written by his un happy wife shortly before her death, in which she summoned him to meet her at the iudgment bar. The letter, as I say, had been written some time before, hut it was by a strange, or designed, coinci dence, given to him on the very day he was cited to meet her. We all know how suddenly he died, und very possibly that gave rise to the assertion. In several of these cases the death may have been caused perhaps by the strong effect such a sum mons would have upon the nerves.' ' Do you remember that Bishop,' said Harry Leslie again, 'who used to sleep in a house quite alone, his attendants leaving him .at night. When they came one morning they found him dead in his bed, and, what was more strange, laid out.' 'Harry, we had better not discuss that,' said the squire. J-UdU ITttd M UUV1U |/UUQCj ttUU lUCii OUJJLI DVUU J said :— ' I think that ghost stories told simply for tho sake of amusement ought always to be made up. They are not likely then to do any harm ; others sometimes frighten people too much.' ' But I like a ghost tale' to be true,' said Kate. '?Yea,' cried Harry. ' First of all the rattle of a chain, then a groan, after that a suppressed shriek, a hollow whisper ? ' ' Oh, yes !' eried Kate. ' A. pale blue light, a skeleton hand, a damp earthy pmell— — — ' 'Yes, yes !' Kate was getting quite excited. ?' A suffooating sensation of fear, a cold shudder, an agitated interrogation, a fearful strugglo, and then- ? ' ' Oh ! what then ?' '' Theii— to awake.' ' You are so absurd, Harry, I won't talk to you. ' Now do, doctor,' she said, turning to me, ' do you tell us something. I am sure you muBt have plenty at your fingers' ends.' ' I will tell you a short one,'I replied ; ' after that the squire and I must go and have our cigar be fore bed, as it is getting late,. and you won't have any beauty sleep.' So we must go sopu.' ' Oh, how delightful !' she said* 'What, our going to smoke?1' 'No, the tale, of course. Now please to begin.' ' Well, I will tell you about a ghost I met on Waterlopo Bridge.' ' Stir up the fire,' whisuered she to Harrv, ' it is cettiner so dark.' ? ' I thought you liked to listen in the dark,' he said. ' Not too dark, you know. And now we are all attention, doctor.' ?'When I was commencing my professional life in London, I was only too glad to meet with patients, and therefore I had no objection to their being at a considerable distance from my residence, or among the lower orders; In fact at my first start I had very few who were otherwise, I was living then near Russell- square, and I had a patient on my hands, whoso wretched abode was situated in ouo of those dark lanes branching off from the Wfttorlpb-rond. To get there I had of course to cross the bridge. Now Waterloo-bridge oau hardly be snid to be a place where The breezes pause and die, Letting the rose-leaves fall. In tho first place it ia bleak and gusty, and in the second, thero ,nre no rose leaves to fall thero. But we can with great truth say that , ? At midnight the moon coinetk, And looketh down alone ; for after tho twelvo o'clock train haa left, tho pas sengers who cross the bridge are few and far be tween. To ine it appears, oven by day, when crowded with vehicles and footrpassongers, to be by no means a lively spot, 1 don't know whether the approaches' product) the . feeling, ' but so it is ; - and although I consider it a fine work of art, and, as the guide-booko sdy, a fitting monument to the memory of a j.jreat man, namely, tho builder, if I have to croDo it, no matter what the hour, I am always gled -when it is done. Tho man whom I had gone (to see had become my patient in a rather curious way. One day whila I was standing at the corner, of Wellington-street, debating in my mind whether I should go und seo a patient who lived to wurdB the west-end, or walk on to tho oity, where I had some business, a wretched, haggard-looking T/oman with pinched worn features camo up to me and ouid :— ' You aro Dr. Ramsuy of Gruildford stroet, aren't you?' ' Yes,1;! replied, ' I am. Do you want aaythinc frora ma ?' ' My hn3band is V-?vyj]l, nnil ho floptimielfy «r,!-n mo ty ty\c\\\ yptt,* 'Where do you live?1 I asked. 'In Seacoal yard, near Waterloo-road, but I will show you the way, sir, if you will follow me.' ' 'What is your name ?' ' My husband's name is Jacob Kerriok. : ? He used to live at Ou^eltoQ, and he says he knew you.' 'Where did ne live there?' ♦ He was Mr Pendarvis's groom at the Grange.' ; 'I re-' member now very well, and I will come with you.' The woman did not eay any more, but having crossed the Strand walked on rapidly in front of me. We went over the bridge, and having gone down the road some little way, she.turned into a nar row lane, and then up a wretched court, over which was written Seacoal Yard. I had noticed on our way that she was thinly and miserably clad, and I was not therefore surprised to find the room into waicn sne usuereu me inmost uesuuue 01 iurnuure. It was about half past five, and the evening was cold and raw, but there was no fire. I will not dwell on the Wretchedness of the case more than is necessary. I found the man to be one whom I had known some years before. He had been a' gentleman's groom, had been convicted of theft and since that had gone irretrievably to the bad. He was very ill, and extremely excitable. After remaining about an hour, I went out to see some of the officials, for' the purpose of getting him relieved or 'admitted into an hospital. I was delayed, and when I returned to his room, it was nearly eleven o'clock. Finding him delirious, and at times quite violent, I had not the heart to leave his wife alone with him while he was in that state. The little kindness I had shown them, such as getting them a fire, &c;, appeared to have melted her arid instead of the unwomanly person, whose hard harsh tones had grated on my ear at the corner of Wellington-street, she seemed a different being. I beard her now softly' asking her husband to be still, and then turning aside, she worild try to hide the tears that sympathy, to which she had so long been a stranger, called forth. About twelve he fell into a heavy sleep, and ' telling her that in the morning she would be relieved of the solitary watching, and that I would oall on the morrow, I left the house. And now I come to the ghost.' 'Oh! yes, now?' said Kate, who was listening with all her might. ' It was a showery night, and rather windy. The moon shone out at intervals, and then was obscured by the heavy masses of cloud which were driven rapidly, across the sky. It was doubtless very unprofessional, but as I turned out of the yard into the narrow lane I felt weary and dispirited. The wretched condition of the ^two with whom I had spent the last few hours had affected me greatly. I must ex cuse mysolf on the plea that I was at the time young in xny profession, and that I had riot ac quired the stoical indifference whieh experience UUO g&V;«jJU) 1A1JIL nu-UU bltnuiUO UiD IU 1UUU t-ll|U UQllll apathy on any condition however pitiable.' ' Non sense, docior,1' said the squire, ' you know you are as soft-hearted as a child now.' ? ?? I must beg leavo to deny the soft impeachment, but we will not discuss that now. As I walked up Waterloo road, and approached the toll-bar, I suddenly re membered bow I had1 on the previous day received a strange anonymous communieation, directing me to meet the writer on the bridge I was about to cross, at a quarter to one, midnight. I knew it waB then twenty riiinutes to one, and it seemed strange to me that I was unintentionally keeping, 'an appointment to which I had not given a second f.linlifrhf no T nltvnva nifp.V* cmnm7Tnr»ria nAmmnnL oations into the fire. It never struck me that it' might be imprudent to cross the bridge ; and if the idea of going round ever presented itself, such a proceeding I am certain from what happened after-' wards would have been quite impossible. Cabs there were none near, so, had I wished it, I eould not have ridden home. By this time I had reached the bar. I paid the toll and got fairly on the bridge. The tide was very low, and, excepting where the' feeble light from the lamps fell' on the water, tho river looked like a black and fathomless abyss. Before I had advanced a hundred yards from the gate I became conscious that some being, dark, shadowy, mysterious, and indefinable, was walking near me. I felt certain it was, and a creeping sensation of fear came over me. In vain I tried to hasten mysteps.it waB useless. I did not appear to advarioe faster, and the' figure kept up wiih mo. Inbtead of following me, as it did at first, it bad now reached my right side, and I could perceive that its outline was beooming more and more distinct. I was on the river side, as I had started on the left hand pavement looking towards Luncuster-place. When we reached the middle of the bridge, a voice commanded me to stop. 1 was obliged to obey, as also I did the order to be seated, and I sunk down accordingly on the stone ledge that runs round each recess. There was not sufficient light from the lamgs to distinguish much, but the moon, wbioh had passed undor a cloud, now shone forth again, and I saw quite plainly the form of the unwelcome stranger who had joined me. The figure was of gigantic height, this being ull the lnoxe apparont as it was bending over me while I was seated. The garb was that of a woman, and this tended to increase the effect of tho size. The features, although I could truce them on paper, I will not attempt to describe, but tbeir effect on mo was to make me long again for tho darkness, so that I might not be able to seo them. There would have been some thing ridiculous in sitting thus on that solitary ledge at such an hour had my position' been any other thun it was ; but I was speechless with terror, without any power to move or act, except ing just as I was bid. How long this lasted I know not ; but on looking up again (compelled to do so by a species of fascination), I saw that this being carried something, what, I could not define. At lengtn l nearaavoice: — 'it is your tasa, it said, ' to relievo me of thiB burden. My hand, though powerless to cast it off, is able to compel you to obey me. Take it.' I stretched out my hand, resistance was impossible, and it met something cold and dummy. Despite the . shudder that passed over me I graspt d it, and what I held was heavy. ' Here,' said my companion again, ' take this cord, and drop the burden into the river.' And while saying this, I saw it uncover its nook, and take from it a halter, whioh appeared to have been tightly bound round it. 1 did till I was coinmandud, and having with trembling fingers tied the cord, I lowered tu'a burduu over the bridgo down towards (he water,. It stopped in its descent suddenly, ond I felt tb.a rope become loose. ? Stay,' cried my companion 1 it has alighted on the parapet ; it cunnot remain there.' At tho same instant I felt tho grasp cf thia being at my throat. :. ' Oh 3 release me,' I groaned, but it was useless to entreat or atrugglai Tba rope was nt my neck, a inoro than gigantic powor wiped, fiije in j;hf) pjy, n«rt. t|-p W\t won){t^ ? ' ' ?''»?,'.;?' ., ; : ' ' I '' -'? I 1 I was hanging over the dark stream. I became unconscious, and I remember no more' I paused, and waited. There was a momentary silence, and then Kate said : — ' Bat there is more, doctor? do tell us what followed.' 'I cannot. I do not know myself.' 'Oh, but how did you get home? There must be more, you know, only you don't like to tell us,'^ she rejoined. 'All. I know is, that when I recovered consciousness I found myself in bed on a fine frosty morning, and, as it happened rather late. I had been at an oyster-supper the night before, and perhaps that will elucidate the mystery.' M Doctor, I declare you are worse than Harry ! frightening us all, and then only to make fun of us afterwards. It has spoiled it all.' ' And now,' said the squire, ' we will have our cigars.' 