POPPIES AND OPIUM. (From the " New Industries," in the Australian, September 29.) There is nothing like wearing down a prejudice. We are all aware that with many, if not most of our renders, the mere mention of the words "poppies" and "opium" will bring up the idea of John China- man, deadly narcotics, smoking shops, and smuggling/ We perfectly agree with our problematical objectors that opium, taken for the purpose of sensuous enjoy- ment, is the most deadly enemy to human happiness, that has perhaps ever been produced, and gratly more deleterious than the use of ardent spirits. The misery it causes is indescribable, and not only is the ruin of individuals, but of whole nations, for there is little doubt that it is one of the principal causes of the prostration of the Eastern people, Turkey Serbia, India, and China, before the Europeans. To grow the poppy, therefore, in Australia, instead of importing it, with a view to increasing and cheapening the supply, we should hold an unmiti- gated evil, and one to which no countenance should be given. But, in the first place, it would probably have no such effect, but only displace an equal quan- tity that is now being brought in from abroad, re- taining the profit in our own pockets , and if it did, nothing could be easier than to check it by legis- lative interference , but, secondly, the first value of the poppy is by no means for producing opium. It will probably surprise many of our readers to be told that in whole regions of Europe the poppy only ranks second to wheat in the breadth of land under culti- cation, and that this cultivation is exclusively for the production of oil. Poppy oil stands only second to olive oil, which it closely resembles, for culinary pur- poses. Its taste is so closely like that of olive oil as to be hardly distinguishable, and as the olive can only grow in warm climates, the poppy has been for many years past largely cultivated in Belgium, Holland, and Germany. From Germany it was introduced into France in 1808, to make up for the failure of the olives, and speedily rooted itself there. Looking from the ramparts of Lille, the capital of French Flanders, one can see in every direction a multitude of little windmills actively at work. These are busy crushing out the oil, and the number is every year increasing. It is for the value of the oil that we cannot help thinking that it is well worth giving it a trial in Australia, as it has the double merit of growing upon nearly any soil, and requiring very little skill or labour. Botanists reckon twenty-five kinds of poppies, but only two or three are of any economic value. In many parts of Europe it grows like a weed, and ap- pears to be indigenous, in England especially, as many of us know well. Who can forget the scarlet glitter of the flowers among tho corn, very pretty to look at, but an awful nuisance to the farmer. In hotter countries, like India, for example, it never grows wild, and can only be kept thriving by cultiva- tion. This common English poppy (P. roa) has here and there been grown for opium, but its only com- mercial use hitherto is from the amount of colouring matter contained in its leaves. Another species is grown in one particular locality for medicinal purposes. This is at Mitcham, in Surrey, the place which we have described in a former number of The Australasian as growing lavender and mignionette for the London market. The plant is allowed to grow to maturity, when the heads are carefully cut off, and packed for the chemists. The heads are usually gathered when quite ripe, but would be more active as medicinal agents if gathered green. They vary size from that of a hen's egg to the fist, They vary is papyraceous, the colour yellow, or a yellowish brown. This may seem seem a small trade, but for this alone it brings in many thousands a year. For whatever purpose the poppy is grown, the mode of cultivation is the same. It is sown from seed, and should be put in in autumn. The soil is not of much consequence. Some of the best Malwa (Indian) opium is grown in very rich soil, but the poppy fields in the north of Europe are commonly on thin loams, clays, or chalk. All that is required is to keep the ground clean, tolerably manured, and not too dry. As it approaches maturity the watering should be increased, otherwise the plant requires little care. About the middle of summer it comes to maturity. It is then from two to four foot high, and the flower from three to four inches in diameter How long it is allowed to grow depends upon whether it is intended for opium or for seed. If for opium, the practice is to commence operations as soon as the leaves are beginning to drop off. The peasants go out after sunset with a short, four- bladed knife and make a cut round each of th stems. In the morning they return and collect the gum that has exuded. The usual quantity is a grain. The plant will bear a second cut and no more. The process of preparation is very simple. No machinery is required , indeed, a Hindoo peasant is always so miserably poor, that, if it were nothing could be done, but he puts the grains in a little earthen pot, and breaks them well up, adding a little, a very little, water, just a spoonful or two, till it works into a paste. It is then dried, and packed in bundles of leaves of about 4lb each, and shipped for China That miserable Chinese war of 1839 so disgraceful to Lngland, was caused by the persistence in attempting to smuggle Indian opium, but the quantity is much less than is sup- posed, for it is reckoned that in the province of Malwa, where the most and the best is raised, the quantity of land under cultivation for this purpose is not above 60,000 acres. In some parts of Turkey and Persia more water is added. The grains are put in metal vessels, and then the water is evaporated till the mix- ture is reduced to one third. It is then dried and packed in bundles like the Indian. Europe is chiefly supplied with opium from Smyrna. The method of growing the plant for oil is just as simple. It is allowed to grow till perfectly ripe rho capsules at this stage contain an immense quantity of seed, which is apt to drop out. It is better, therefore, as the plants are taken out, to have a cloth spread on the ground, or else to be careful to hold it quite up- right. The seed is then simply shaken into the sacks and carried to the mills to be ground. Any little machinery of the simplest kind will be sufficient. The seed is all economised. The oil has a ready sale The residuum forms most capital oil cakes, consider- ably more fattening than that lrom colza and rape. The haulm is sold to the bakers for their ovens. We end as we began, by saying that we cannot but think that it will pay very well to begin growing the poppy, at first of course on a very small scale, in Australia. SENSATION ON FIRST BEHOLDING JERUSALEM. - At length when expectation had almost faded, we hear the welcome cry, "Jerusalem' Jerusalem!" The Greeks in the retreat of the famous ten thousand, as recorded by Xenophon, did not more fondly descry their ships and the sea than I hailed the city of the Great King. I will briefly describe my feelings when the long looked for capital of Judea first burst upon my delighted gaze. Leaning from the saddle, I fling myself upon my knees, Dr Smith doing the same After an interval spent in prayer and meditation, I rise, and from where I stand the city, the surrounding mountains, the whole scene where Jesus lived, taught, died, and rose again is spread out like a map before me I gaze upon the new and exciting view that I may indelibly imprint its features on the tablets of my memory. "Can," I mentally exclaimed, " that well shaped range of mountains, arising on my right, dimly outlined and veiled in a purple haze, be Moah, the name of which is to us as a household word? Is that three topped hill before me the Olivet of the ascension ? This the Valley of Rephaim and Gihon, yawning at my feet and running into the Kedron ? Are these yellow walls and embattled towers, sharply trained in the clear blue sky, and these innumer- able domes habitations ? In a word, is this really Jerusalem?" Rushing before my mind's eye in quick and close succession follow scenes and stories of Bible history: David and his warriors, Solomon, the Temple and its glory, the weeping Jeremiah and his melting threnodies; Nehemiah and his compatriots rebuilding the city and sanctuary, anon the Lord Jesus in the flesh, crucifixion, subsequent earthquake, and darkness appear upon the scene. Again, disciples, apostles, Rome's legions, ruin and destruction, like Banquo's ghost, pass in review before mr. All is dreamlike, yet with the effect of reality. During this ecstacy my companions have been shout- ing but I neither hear nor see them The fair scene around me is vague and indefinite, that of the past sharp and distinct. Can there be a quality of mind? Can one and the same faculty be in two places at the same instant? Or is thought so quick as to defy our present slow process of reasoning, or fail to detect different points of time or the order of succession in which events occur? If so we need no new faculty, when disembodied, but simply the retention of those we already possess intensified, to see at a glance all that we have ever thought or done in a lifetime, to feel in a moment the unspeakable effects of remorse or enjoy in the beating of a pulsation the concen- trated happiness of ages. - Dollick Black's Hundred Days in the East. 