SUNDAY READINGS. THE ROSARY OF THE BLESSED VIRGIN ! MARY. I There are, therefore, several things which have to be explained, before any one can have a right notion of the real nature of this devotion. And first, I ? wish to try and shew you how the prayers themselves, . which seem to you to contain so little meaning, may ; 'be made to express whatever you desire ; it will not , then be difficult to explain the manner in which these j prayers, and your own feelings too, may all be con nected with the particular mystery which is the sub. ject of meditation at the time. You know there is more than one way -of praying. If we choose, we can take a book of devotion, and selecting any prayer in it we like, we can repeat it ?line by line, and so try and make other men's words express our own feelings. The Catholie Church is \- certainly very far from forbidding this kind of prayer ; on the contrary, the very best books of de-, votion that exist are those which have been drawn, up for the use of her'Children. Some of them even Protestants are glad to use. But the defect of this method of devotion is, that in saying words com posed by others, we must ask exaetly for what they express, and sometimes they will not quite express -our -own feelings. Sometimes, perhaps, we are ashamed to utter words of absorbing self- abasement, when we are conscious that our own sense of contri , Fionas less deep ; or, it may be, the words before ; 'Us are all full of joyful love, and we would only be lying at the foot of the cross, crushed and humbled under the intolerable sense of sin. Then, again, our wants are so various, one could not find prayers to meet all. Sometimes they are very distinct, growing out of .the cares of to-day — the little .things which belong to our own life, but which may3 seem unimportant to other people — diffi- culties and-temptations which may not ooeur to other minds, but are very grave and real to us. Some times, again, .they are not so clear and definite. There are feelings which others cannot understand, and which perhaps we do not well understand our selves. Nothing, it may be, but a weariness and the sense of a great need. It is not that we have this or that to ask for in particular, but we feel weak and fearful and unhappy.; we desire only to kneel down in God's presence and let Him see our hearts, and !then the best-chosen .phrases of other men seem stiff and empty. We do not seek for words, or, if any are needed, let them be such as will mould them selves to the fashion of our own unutterable thoughts. Surely all must know what I mean, that there is often a consciousness of sin impossible to confess, and a sense of prayer impossible to put into any set form of words ; we may try to use our own, chosen at the moment j if so, how difficult it is to select those that are right and good ! Sometimes we say the same thing over and over again — sometimes, try as hard as we may, what we say does not express our mean ing ; it vexes us that our words should be so vague and indistinct, and we puzzle ourselves to find better ; and so, in thinking for right expressions, we loose time, and bur thoughts get distracted. And yet, at such times, it is seldom safe to let our thoughts wander or unrestrained by any form at all : we want, as it were, an outline of prayer, which we may fill up with the requirements of the hour ; we want something to check and remind us that we are not thinking to ourselves, but to God. This is what the Rosary supplies. It gives suffi cient of an outward form of devotion to keep our thoughts in order, and, at the same time, the prayers of which it is made up are just of that nature which we can adopt to suit our own meaning and intention as we utter them. Just think how different the Lord's Prayer is from any of human composition. It asks for definite blessings, yet it will bear all meanings. Like the miraculous bread, which, in our Lord's hands, grew to feed the wants of thousands, whatever may be our wants, there is enough, and more than enough for all. We ask for forgiveness, — it may mean forgiveness of that sin which in the moment is most heavy on our con science. We pray against evil and temptation, — and all our trials, the least as well as the greatest, we may, m thought, include in the words we are saying. And as we pray for the coming of His kingdom, it may be we are thinking of the storms and perils of the Church, which is Christ's kingdom upon earth ; or, tired of ourselves, and athirst, like David, after the living God, we may be praying for the rest and blessedness of His eternal kingiom in heaven. Thus these words, which are so plain and simple and easy to be remembered, that they are the first we teach our children, are full enough for the lips of the wisest of God's Saints. We may say them, as of old they used to be said, every hour, with a larger meaning, as the days and hours of man's life gave him fresh desires, and more to ask of God.. So, again, with the repetition of the Hail Mary. It is composed of these few words : ' Flail Mary ! full of grace, the Lord is with thee ; blessed art thou among women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb, Jesus. Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray for us sinners, now and at the hour of hour death.' Now, at fintf; tight, there seems very Jittle prayer it all in this. The first part is made up of the words addressed to ,the Blessed Virgin by the Angel Gabriel, to which is added the salutation of St Eliza- ; beth, and the Holy Name of Jesus. The second has only the simple words, 'pray for us;' .yet, do you not see that into these words also we may put the feelings with, which our hearts are fullest at the moment ? There is nothing we cannot ask our Lady to bbcain for us from God by means of her prayers, when we ask her to 'pray for us :' the words may be the same over and over again, yet each time we say -them our intention may vary, and so the prayer be different. And though the first part is not strictly a prayer-, if by prayer is always meant a dkect petition, yet it is :a very fitting, and certainly a spiritual form (for the words are all from the Bible) in which to express our thankfulness to God' for His mercy to us, in that particular mystery of the Incar nation on which we are meditating. Let me try and explain to you a little more exactly what a Catholic endeavours to do when he repeats the Rosary. He kneels down, first making the sign of the cross, and asking God's 'blessing on what he is about to do, with the words : ' In the name of the Father, and of ithe Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' The string of beads he holds m his hand is simply to assist his memory, and preveat him from losing his place and getting confused in the repetition of the same words so many times. His great object is to keep his mind constantly fixed upon the subject before him ; there fore he is very glad of any thing that prevents distraction, and tells him when the proper number of prayers has been said, without his having to count them, and think whether there is not one more yet to say, which would in a moment take his thought off from the presence of God. The- touch of the beads, without disturbing him, reminds him of the proper time to change the form of prayer, and when he is to pass from one ? point of meditation to an other. In all this it is the object of the Church to assign some fixed limits to our meditations, though she allows us ample freedom within them : we need discipline in prayer quite as much as in any thing else. Well, having thus prepared himself for devo tion by a recollection of the presence of God, he sets before his mind the intention for which he is going to pray — we will suppose it is to obtain the grace of humility — and then he takes one of the fifteen mysteries to meditate on; say, for instance, the first in the whole Rosary, the Annunciation. He tries, as it were, to draw a picture of this in his mind's eye. He - paints go himself a little room where Mary is alone praying, and watches her in silence, thinking of her purity and lowliness, the graces which best fit us to receive great and extraor dinary blessings from God. Suddenly there steals through the open casement a ray of soft glorious light ; it shines round her brighter and brighter and brighter, and she raises her head, and turns round, and sees standing in the midst the beautiful form of one of God's angels; and his voice is heard speaking to her, and bringing her the glad tidings that she is to be the Mother of God. Surely such a scene, if we saw it in reality, would give us very much to think about. It would make us wish for the same graces which made Mary so pleasing to God ; it would make us love and honour hei for being found worthy of so great a gift ; and above all, it would make us love and honour God for sending us so gracious a message through her, and consenting that His dear Son should take mortal flesh, that He might suffer and die in it for our redemption. And whilst this beautiful picture is in his soul, and the thoughts that it gives rise to are following one on another without any labour or effort, he begins by saying the Lord's Prayer, and then repeats the words of the 'Hail Mary' ten times ; and perhaps he repeats it with this sort of thought in his heart, ' Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray for us, that we may be humble as thou wert ; pray for us, that we may be pure in heart, as thou wert; pray for us, that we may always consent to the will of God like thee; pray for us, that the Word which was made flesh and dwelt, in thee, may so dwell in us that we may never be parted from Him.' I do not mean that we need say these or any other like words, though indeed there is nothing. to forbid our so enlarging even the words of the prayers; but I mean that the ' Hail Mary' may take this or any other sense we like to put upon it, and may be made to bear reference to the mystery which is pictured in our souls. Finally when the touch of a larger bead gently re minds him that it is the proper time, he repeats re verently the words, ' Glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Ghost,' &c.; ; and in so doing he renders homage to the Three Persons of the ever-blessed Trinity for what They have done for us ; to the Father for sending us His be loved Son ; to the Son, for consenting to become man for oursakes; and to the Holy Ghost, for His gracious overshadowing of the Blessed Virgin ; to each Divine Person for the part each took in the work of Redemption, and to God for all. And so, in like manner, he may go through the other mysteries in. order, ,'??'? [To be continued.) 