THE TALE OF A' BELLOWS.- - (from thf Ezamiiifr.v . T pl.ow the House of Commons liow'buslhoss is done in the nrmy and correspondence multiplied, Captain Vivian gave tho history of an application for a bellows', and the course it had to riin tlirou'fh vanous ouanncis lor nearly six weeks:— , 1 " After a lengthy correspondence' tho local com missariat officer at the Curragh camp, on tlic I2th February, obtained authority from the AVar. De partment to .indent on tlio Royal Engineer De partment for a pair of bellows, urgently required in tho camp, and applied for thcin to the district Engincor officer. On tho lGth, tho district' En gineer officer. applied to the .Military Store officer at Dublin ; on tho 19th the Military Store officer nt Dublin informed the Royal Engineer officer at Dublin that ho could supply the required bcl- lows on requisition. On tbo 20lli the ' Royal Engineer officer at Dublin forwarded this informa tion to tho Royal Engineer officer at the Curragh; aud on the 2 ist the local Engineer officer at the Ourragh replied that lie hud tio form of requisition. On the 22nd tho local -engineer' officer at the Cur ragh asked the local Commissariat officer if the proposed bellowwould do. On tlio 23rd the local Commissariat officer replied, .".Yea." On the 24th the local Engineer officer informed the locnl Com- missariat officer that he must apply to the. Royal Engineer, officer, Dublin; and accordingly-' tho local Commissariat officer npplied:to Dublin. Tho Mihtaiy Stores officer at Dublin answered that ho would supply the bellows on an order from tho War Ofhce. 1 he local Commissariat officer then pro duced an authority from tho War Offico, and rend it to -tlio local Engineer officer. On the 1st of Mnrch tho district Royal Engineer officer declined to have anything to do with a service "which was not brought to his notice through . tbo proper nuthonliesj and tho local Commissariat officer reforreu I the question ,to (ho Commissariat officer in Dublin. On March 2 .tho Commissariat- officer ui Dublin referred tho question to tho Deputy Quartonnaster:Gpndral, Dublin ; and tho next day tho Deputy Quai temiastcr- Gcneral at Dublin re- ferred thorequisitioh to the Quartormasler-Goneral, Uwse Guards. On. the 5th tho Horse Guards re- feffed To tho War 'Office,. and .thp Wa? Offico rc- fcrrcdtotlieCqinmandfiigGcnoml-iu-Chief, London. Uu the I8th; tho Commanding- General-in-Chief flR, , Director of Stores to give authority, yduch Uvo days after was produced. The Director ; , J1 stitud that the Commissariat officer, should incJudc the bellows in tho annual estimate; JfJ4: Cio 17th the Commanding Gencral-in- Uiicf wrote to tho "Horse Guards, and thu Com missariat. Officer, Dublin. After -all this- corres pondence, on tho 20th of March the Commissariat' uiuouriM, urn uurragu- was still bellowing for his bollows. » lf such a largo amount of curmipond- encc was necessary iu purchasing a pair of bellows, ho asked again what would ho tho issues in A case of emergency ? V . Thirteen "officers were employed in this business of the bellows, some of them writing several letters on .thq subject. Our army hag-moro > officers in proportion to tlio men- than any "oUjcr in the ivprld, -?mi fa?. wo -wonder at the costly fact when we Una thirteen officers doing in- many days what ought to. hayo been tho business of two or three; in a few hours? If correspondence \vero simpli- heili and- unncccssary.'chccks discontii'u.'d/a reduc- i I1 !lot "considerable would bo mado In the staff rand, ite expenses. As it is, the counliy lias to pay ' m fof, chucking shuttlecocks to aud fro, and it is miscalled business.. i ; T,ho boat-raoe 'on th'o Thamei 'iiaai again 'o'Rcd, for tho sixth year. running, in' uvollr of tho Oxford ulght, ' wlio 'woh: by threo' ;lettgtlw, after a firat-rato n$o, in which Cambridco 1 ibehl tha leuil for four- fifilis of tlio courfo, < Frosli evidence, a correspondent says, has becri" 'rcceived at Washington of a system of kidnap-' ping, by which negroes nro being carried iu largo numbers from tho Southern States to Cuba, and sold' there. A report on this-subject, prepared : by Uon/John £ovode, recently a Federal agent in the South, was filed in tho War Department;- and on being called for was found to iiave mysteriously disappbated. . ' ' Tho telegraph has lately been extended far up Frascr River en routs for Russia, according to tho .Panama £<ar,- and is now in Avorking order froin New York via San Francisco to a point 400 miles above New Westminster on Frascr River making in round numbers about 6,000 miles.' The Southern Bank Note Ilcportcr, published at Mobile; predicts a very largo cotton crop. It estimates tho product of the coming season at not less than two million bales, and thinks it will probably 'exceed tlmt amount. Nino months ago" Pithole City, Pennsylvania, consisted, of two houses. Now it supports a newspnpor having a circulation of threo thouslind copies, receives fifty thousand letters monthly, aud sustains twelve hotels.— Missouri Democrat. A Pleasant Fke. — Upon the occasisu of tho marriage in Fall-river recently of a son of Col. Richard Borden to a daughter of Dr. Nathan Durfcc, tho officiating clergyman', Rev. Eli ihurston, received a marriago fee larger than was ever boforc paid 'in Massachusetts. The families of. -Cob 'Borilcn and Dr. Durfeo generously ex tinguished. a -mortgage of 2,500 dollars which' rested upou tlio homestead of the" parson. 1 " The "Devil" has" Aiu'EAred. — The gentleman of brimstone odonr often cuts up his antics on earth, but has rarely or.ncvcr becn seen by any person until recently. ; ,'It is gravely assorted that ho has been playing tlio devil- in Kentucky/ A correal pondent writes : — "From ati examination of coun try newspapers in this State, I find that tho ru- mtiured appearance of tho devil is fully, credited, and tho ono much, talked of'by.nll. is. no myth,. In a latu number of the Mount Sterling Sentinel : a statement is published winch isTcgulufly.sworn. to' by'cvcn persons, named as follows Nathaniel . Squires, SnnVh D. Squires, Minerva Squires, Lucy Squires, Iartha W. Dale, Adam Fuqua, and Jesse Bond. ' I copy the following' extract ' Standing to the right of tho upper cabin" (negro. cabin), near, tho fence that separates the negroes' garden from, thdiiouseya'rd, was a creature of gigantic etaturo and the most' horrifying appearance. It was nearly as high as tho comb of the cabin, lind a' monstrous head, not dissimilar in shapo to that of an ape; its ffrms we're long, covered with shaggy hair of nu ashen hue, and terminated \Vithhugc paws, not unliko thoso of a cat, nnd 'armed' with long hookcd'clnws: its breast was broad as that of a largu-sized ox; its. legs resembled tbo, front loirs of a horso. nnlv Big lioofs were cloven : it had a long tail, armed with a dart-shaped horn, which it "was continually switching about ; its eyes glowed like two liviug coals of fire, while' from its nostrils and month were emitted sheets" of bluish- coloured flame, with a hissiug soxind, like tho hiss of a serpent, only a tliousandffold louder : its ge neral colour, save its arms, was a dull, -dingy brown. Tho air was powerfully impregnated with a smell of burning sulphur. Tho poor negroes Tvcro evidently labouring under tho cxtremcst terror, and twqof them— -an old wonian and a. lad — were actually driven to insanity by thoir fears; tho monster -was visiblo ouly a fow seconds, , and then Vanished in a spiral column ' of flame. ;Tho statement goes on to say that precisely Iho samo apparition appeared at n neighbour's house, ex cept that its head appeared liko that :of a 'horse ; and at another's with a head liko a vulture ; arid at still another's, with a hchd liko an 'elephant's. The jiisticc of tho peace of Bracken County, Mr. J. G. Finley, certifies that tho affiants pro credible and reliable persons, arid thoir statements entitled to full faith and credit? From tho abovo descrip tion of the Evil One, one may form a faint idea of ;thb' terrors he must lmvo inspired in tho' minds of thoso who' witnessed tho phenomonon, and -tho curHling of blood tliat resulted. Thus it appears that notpnly negroes are terror-stricken, but whites of high rcspcctabilitjr are thrown into ccstacics of fear ami 'horror."— New York Daily. News. Loud Palmebston and the Butlrp. — In tho. course o( tho ; lute .Prcniicr's' canvass of Hampshire, in conjuubtion with tho lato Sir Gcorgo Staunton,; j lUKuuuiuiui/, prucuuuig luu'ivujorm jdiu, inoy nau ! occasion , to , address tlio electors of iymi'ngton. ; The meeting ,wqs lield 'm a long narro>y room at the Angel llotcl, dimly lit at bach end by two small windows, his lordship and his collcaguo ad- ! dressing .the meeting from a tablo in.theentro of | H'room. During the n'oblo IcJrd's speech ho was frequently intcrruptcd'by.cries' of " No, no," pro- cecding from a littlo fat man 'in ono of' tho wiii- (lows, who was thc butlcr to.ari- old Tory admiral in tho neighbourhood. This was put up with for some time/'until it became tiresomo, arid there were loud calls to bring him forward up to tho table faco to face. Lord Palmcrston,- with tliat readiness so characteristic of him, proiriptly said, " Pray, don't interfere with tho gcrillcmaii';. let hira remain in. tbo window; Brovidonco. lias' de nied to him any intellectual Hglk ; it .wopid bo Iianl indeed to. deprive him of the light of Heaven," To the day of his death the bptlof's appearance was alluded' to ns, " Here ' comes tho light of Heaven;" and tho nicknnmo novcV left liim. ' 1 . A, Lesson in. .Vulgar Fractions.— A Louisi ana correspondent ot thc CMcago Times relates the following A good story is- told of a. scono which lately took placo between a : negro and a Dutch lieutenant,; who was acting as provost mar shal. It 'scorns that tho-Teuton officer, represent ing tbo Majesty of tho United States, in ordor to mako.his office pay,, kept a small stock of tobacco nnd ginger, cakes to sell to tlio negroes, ; Ono day a strapping darkey poked bis head in tlio door, aud asked, .',' AVhnr is the mnssa provost ?"; Veil, vot you yantfi ?" demanded the licutcnantv f Well, I a quit working down , doro on that place, " said Guffec. " And vatic tevil yog quits for ?" - asked the Teuton. Why, you see, raassa, dcy's onny gib mo an eighth ob dc crop, and obpr on anodder place dah, doy gibs a sixteen 1' 1 Como in bere, you tam black skin. Now, j'ou puys tecs tivo ehingcr .oakes for twenty-five cents, and dat is cheap,' says tho lieutenant. Cuffco paysdown tha quarter. Yell, now, look hero, I cut dis .chingcr cake iti eight pieces— you. sco dat.- »Yoa, sar,' says, Cuffco, with a broad grin; ? Veil <jcn,- 1 cuts ' dis oder. chingcr ca"ko in sixteen pieces— you goo dat ' Yes, sar,' ' Veil, now, which jB,tho ;big- gest piece, zis one-eighth, or zis onc-sixtconth?'-. 'Yah, yah, dis eight piece, mossa.', Vcll zen, you tam plack skin fool, you goes back to your place, vor you sce.zo eighth is moro bettor zan zc' . sixtueuth.': Cuffce left apparently satisfied, but" still very much perplexed in Teutonic ariUlriletic.,, ; Sale of-, a1 Comic Sinokr.— X' .novel . salb by' pnblie arictioir hris taken placo in the rdo'ro's. of Messrs. Ilutehinson.and Dixon, \\\est Nile-streot/ Glasgow. For 'several days placards in , tho city auiiounccd the coming sale of tho services of Mr,i o nmcB ; jjiy tor, ucscnoou as " i lie UJmmpion Uoinic of Great .-Britain." . On certain conditions Mr. Taylor proffered bis services for tbo four' months,' from November next, to- tho highest' bidder, en- igsigirigto sirigTwice evcly lawful evening in any' cstablLslinient arid iifany town to which ho might' , be sent, ' Tli6 novelty of tho affair' "doubtless ox-" cited a good deal of curiosity amongsMr. Taylor'sj 'prolffssional brethren in tho city, who crowdea-into; "The. Mart" as tbo hour of salo approacbcd. At 5, o'clock Mr. Hutcbiuson. moved himself into a. chair wiiich was placed on a tabic, and was soon afterwards supported on tho right1 by Mr. Taylor; fnrvhom similar accommodation 'had Been pro-; vided.' -Tho gentlemen who 'word, expected to be-' .come bidders, stood or weip seated "in front of tho nnctioncbr. . Many of them Were' smoking cigars, ' arid an'array'of champagno glasses, which studded.! a-grceii baizv-coycrcd table gavo ' promise "of plea- ! .sures yet to, come. ; Ho openod tlie procccdings.-bys jexplaioing the oireumstapcos under wirich.he camo. i to occupy tho chair, but' before odvanciug to the reaV business of tho day bo caused tlio' champagno' ,to bo handed round,- while tho: company -sraokdd 1 and chatted,- chaffed Mr. Taylor- ib"ii ;quiet way,' nnd quaffed his health with fraternal favour. 'Thus': comfortably circumstanced, the ' bidding "began'.'' The first offer. mado was £1,100, jmiriedintcjy in creased to £110; but it wris evident that this was intended merely as a- start, .because, the, bidding, went up with a rush through all tho-intcrraediato tens till £230 was reached. .Offers -were now- ad-.; yanced more cautiously, nnd when £315 was gained < the bidders became so' shy that n -suggestion ' was made lhat somc more champagno should bo un« : corked. The hint was acted upon, and tho'spark- ling beverage again went round. After a brief in terval, and what seemed a grateful refresher;. Mr. ! Hutchinson again went to work,' but it appeared Ktill to be a very stiff up-hill strugglo with.;liir». A't £325 the "last call" was threatened- by, the auctioneer, but two additional, bids were faintly ventured upon, and at £335 tho services for. four! calendar mouths of " The Champion Comic'.'- was secured on behalf of tho proprietor of a Glasgow concert' room. Tho bidding, as it seemed, was corifined to one or two gentlemen representing tbo iroprietors of concert rooms 'in tlio city. After icing knocked down, Mr. Taylor sprang up with", characteristic alertness to thank 'thp company for . their patronage, and, descending from his perch, was lost among tbo crowd.— -Glasgow Ilerald. Silently and gradually our old landmarks of history are being swept away. -Amongst tbo most interesting of historical relics was -tho irnitore' Onto of tbo Tower of London. It is now- but a thing of. the past, having been recently demolished. , >? ' Chilian Cruisers.— Tho reported npponranco of two iron-clud frigates bcariug tho Chilian Hug in Spanish waters may prove tho 'beginning of a nc\V controversy on tho duties of 'neutrality. A few days ago tho Spanish Minister called tho atten tion of our Government to the alleged building of vessels in the'- Thames for tho naval setvico of Chili. In couscquonco, no doubt, of this inti mation, . Commander Towscy was sent down: to Grcenhithe by tho Admiralty, at tho end -of Inst week, to inspect an iron-clad ram, called Iudopcu- dericia, recently. launched by tho Thames Iron. , works Company, at Blnckwnll, and then moored off Grcenhithe Pier. lie found her "a :most for midable- looking vessel j equipped with a rnkin"' battery of guns, and a prow similar to that of her Majesty's ship. Pallas," with ongines of COO-hoirso powor. Ho also observed "tho officers nnd men actively engaged in shipping war materials and stores of all descriptions, and a largo number f of seamen of various nations crowding the pier in .-readiness to go in her." AH this, of course, looked very suspicious, but' tho ship had been nominally built for tho Peruvian, and not for tbo Chiliau Government, and captain To wsoy declared he had no authority to stop her. Perhaps tho Indoncmlcncia mnv reallv bo destined for G:illn<v but wo shnll not'bo greatly surprised if wo next hear .of- her off Cadiz, where vessels suspected Jof being Chilian privateers had beori hovering for somo weeks before tlio two iron-clads mentioned by. 'our Spanish correspondent hovo in sight so unexpectedly. In short, it sceins highly probable that Chili is about to follow- the exnmplo of tho Southern Stritefe, and that in tho ovont of 'tho war boing prolonged, Spanish commorco may bo rav- - aged by now Alnbamns 'and Shcnaridoalis issuing from noutra ports. It: so happons tha" ri great many vesscls'employcd iri tho blockado and otlior naval . operations against tho South liavo' lately been sold off by tho United States' Government. Perhaps'soracof thoso may nlreacly have found thoir way into tho hands of Chilian agents, and may hereafter bo tho subject of an angry corros- pondeudo between Madrid aud Washington. Tlio sympathy of- the American pcoplo with Chili and. .Foru is avowed ; nnd it remains to be seen whether, if claims .for compensation should bo preferred by : Spain,? thoy will nbido by the doctrine of Mr. Seward and Mr. Adams, or adopt tbo'position 6f Lord -Russell. With this, however, wehaVo nothing to do, OrirdutyiB simply to act Up to our own professions, and to guard against abuses .of our own neutrality. — Times. DcfUKO a lato storm tho clcctrio fluid struck a train which Wfts travclling on tho Orsay Railway iuj Franco, and, traversing ono of tho carriages, Bhivorcd into fragments ono of tho doors and broko .tho gla8s of. tho othor, passing out- without further .damage, ,;f ... Toiiv Wtr.r.TAIf Tifftnir hna knnn T A«.AH : for tlio murder of . his wife's sister. He had livod | ,A despprato and reckless lifo, had braved death in a I hundred shapei .in foreign lands, and at Inst porisho.d ' by tho hands of tho hangman in his nativo town, Uo sorved in tho Crimean war as a' midshipman, and ' tvm wrecked in the Black Seal hocnlistcd.ia China : -again jt tho Iuiporialists/arid was seriously' wounded ; and afterwards ' was ono of' tho desperadoes '.wlio 'manned tho Alabama. ' > 11 It is' stated that , tho 'landlord' of tho., Foresters' lira, Thorpo' Hcaloy, i noivligbU»g his houso li'y gas -producod id a simple apparatus attaolicd to' tlio tap-room firoi One cwt.- of coal (at a cost of 4d.) makes sofliciont gas to servo tho houso for seven days. Mr. Colemani farmer, of Great Sriclcliil/ tenant of Sir Phillip Duncombe, had a. lamb. dropped a short timo-ago wiiich was found to havo seven full- grown logs.. It is nowsoven weeks old, and can walk on any four of thoso logs ' with porfoct ease, not ono of them boing shrunk. It is a fine lamb, and speks well. — Bucks Advertiser. . A curious manage has just been established in tho ' Jnrdin dos Plantcs.- In an iron cage havo been placed ft young lioness, an Algerian wild hoar, and a littlo dog. . This Inst is quite the master, the lioness generally amusing hcrsolf with teasing tlio boar. Whon, howevor, tlio lioness goes too far, tho dog interferes aria re-establishes order. Tho Charleston South ' Carolinian states that recently threo tbloves wero found dead behind tho counter of-' a driiggist iri that city.' It seems' that poison had been put Irisomo food and : placed In a convenient position, which .tbo robborshad eaten of audiod.i ' , ' Arrangements bavo been mado in England for tho supply of 100 locomotives and tenders to tho Delhi Railway, n portion to bo doliverod in tho present year, and'a portion in each succeeding up \- A short timo Binco, an American captain tempted fivo labourers on tho quay of Watofford to swallow each a pint of raw whiskoy at a draught, tho con sequence was that two of thorn diod. . i 1 A littlo girl, eight years of ago, has diod. at Lin coln in consequenco of boing frighted by a com panion who drcsBod hcrsolf in n white sheet to re present a ghost, ns she said, " for a bit of fun." - Dr. Barbior affirms that, ground ooffoo possosses somo remarkable properties as1 a disinfectant. In several cases, Where' he had;to.inako. po«M«ortem dxqmination Of bodios under very disagrccablo cir- cumstanccs'he found tliat a handful of coffeo strewn! over tbo body arid about, tho room quite ov'orcamoi any bad o'doUr., ' An' criormouS robbery took placo iri Now York 'on, March 10. "Tbo offico. of Mr. Rufiis L. Lord was entered, .his safe brok'on.operi, and 1,500.000 dollars' in money arid 'securities 'Wero stolon. -The thieves ' hare not been apprehended;- although 200,000 dol- lars regard Is offered1 fo'r'tbem'. "Tub PEriiLs' opmpiRes.— Tho tlirc'o gentlemen present liavballbeeri atdifforont times mal treat nil' or threatened at their hands. Tho offico of roforco at great prizo-fighta has been fillod by each of thomj' and tlmt refinotl looking man writing at the table in the corner was beaten until bo was inseusible a few weeks ago. : A fight was in. progress, and ho lind been appealed to as umpire whotlicr.a cortain blow camo within tho conditions laid down by tbo rnies of, tho ring. Tho backers of tho to men; 'not unnaturally, took different views, gno party maintaining it was " a foull dml clalmmg tho vie- tory-fortho man struck, tho otbor insisting' it wbs' legitimate, and that tbo .combat . must proceed. Somo shouting. rind strong language, amid which Iho sccond of tho mon said to have boen improperly hit appoalod to the referee, " Vosn't thotafouh n'ow, .sir?" and almost in the samo breath, "Ohl it wuron'tj weren't, jt 2p-t!icn take that, yyr (noun sub- 8taritivc)| ftiid that, and. that 1" accompanying 'each iMthat" wjth a savago blow under tho' ear; in tho region of the heart, and upon th'ehead. Tboroferco fell insebsible, arid hisphysical monitor, Mr. "Ross" iFiler,' hriwnj'thW satisfied his Spartan sonso of justico, went back to his ' corner with tlio . air of a man who Inid doao i.ii duty .in spito , of opposition. -Legal reditJfls for tbo outrage was of course, impos sible, the business of tbogathcring and. tho gather--' jog At8®lf being alike- forbidden by law; but retri bution bos, for all that, fallen upon Mr. Filer. That ;oiicrgotio zealot unites tho business' of ri publican" wfth tho paatimo of prize-fighting, .and ho has, sinco liis brutal conduct, been' declared' doad to tlio world of Bportirig readors. 'Ilia name is properly tabooed by tbo Sporting press, his sparring displays ' and benefits are novcr chronicled, and tho professors' thcmsolvds spoak of 'him as a blackguard wliom there Is no rcdeoming. Bo much for Mr. Filer, who i had, -at a. previous fight, encouraged another of tho gontlomen baforo aio in the impartial discharge of msjudieial functions, by tbo cheering speech, "If ho doesn't do wot's right (i.e., what it suits tho' pockets of mo, Ross Fjler, to call right) wo'lj mur- dcrliimr A previous editor of the £ter/J?M,whiIo acting asjudgo at a prlzo-ring, received a blow from' ft bludgeon, from which he novor really rallied, and 1 which caused his death.' His immediate successor has been hitherto more fortunate, novor having been; actually struck, though frequently threatened. Ilo pointed out a particular corner of tho room wo-wcro in, between the window aud tho fire, where, by- placing your brick: firmly against tho wall and? soizing tho pokor, you may; always supposing. you- are ;a- good hand at singlo-stick, protect yourself effectually against violence. This was no imaginary hypothesis. The spcakor has had to adopt theso! precautions mora than onco when conversing .with, tho professors, and when tho arguments of tho latter have assumed the shacu of douched fists nnd' foul throats.- Dickeh's "All the Year Pound," 