THE LAND OF GOSSIP.. . by bessie rayner farke6. (From the Araow ) description op a foreign country kot to be found ik any geographical treatise .wiiateveu. That thcro aro certain mystorious realms occasionally visited by mortal sailors (and marines), but engraved on do chart published by Mr. Wild, is well known to all poets and readers of poetry.' It was tbo dim tradition of Atlantis that tempted Columbus to brave tbo uuknowu sea ; somewhat within a ring of charmed wators lio buried tho fragments of Prospero's broken staff. The Galway peasant, looking at sunset over tho wasto of waters, sees upon the horizon the cloud ramparts of tho Happy Isles. Peter Wilkins wedded a winged wife in ono of tho colonial departments of tho Realm of Wonders; Rasselas dwelt from infancy to manhood in its happiest valley. Odin built the hulls of Valhalla upon a moun tain peak, and tbo city where tho inhabitants were magically transformed into colourea fish is situated upoq one of its silver lakes. In deed spoco utterly fails mo for even on uncr ating the proviuces of this fair kingdi m of imagination, nor can I so much as monthn by namo moro than a poor liaif-dozea of its dis tinguished inhabitants. But it may nbt be irrelevant to mention that tho ' Argosy (was a meet diotinguiahed vessel in its navy,, and its commander, Jasn, an admiral of tho first rank. Tbo'Flyiug Dutchman' was perhaps the lighto-t craft in its merchant' K»rvieo. and the bark in which tho Ancient Mariner laid low " with his cruel bow" tho harmless Alba- trots, was a famous wreck among( tho annals of its marino disasters. / But why drives on that ship /o fast, Without or wavo or wlna | asks a ' vox et preterca nihil.' /I regard the answer, / \- The nlr is cut away before, And closes from bvhicd, as in tho highest degree uulikriy and unsatis factory. It presupposes that the supernatural abhors a vacuum, about which we know nothing; whereas wo do know that riony ships went nshoro en tho Loadstono Islands, and that Robinson Crusoe was wrecked merely by reason of a high wind. Lei us Btick to facts. This being an ago in which every contribu tion to onr gciapliionl knowledgo is eagerly welcomed, I am encouraged to devoto a few pages to n single province or minor kingdom, with which I have nn intimate acquaintance, having frequently been compelled to visit it, much .against my will. My readers must not therefore conclude that it is a placo of deten tion, for I can assure them that the most harm less people aro oftentimes seized and carried #by main force across tho border; and thatthey aro lucky indeed if they cscapo without being nearly torn to pieces. . Tho Land of Gossip lies. within a too conve nient distance of our "ain contree" (indeed its denizens are sometimes described with a wink as " seraebody not a hundred miles off"), and its times and seasons aro contemporaneous with our own. Its inhabitants aro distorted representations of ourselves, and their words nro compounded from a Celtic, Latin, and Saxon stock. Its streets are filled by a moving population, who buy and sell, feast nnd bury ; and one of their main occupations, which they ever pursue with whimsical earnestness, is marrying and giving in marriage— particularly the latter. Innumerable exciting events are always turning up in the province; but though each is worth a passing word, it does not really please the peoplo unless it overtops that fine line which divides our earthly commonplace from tho mysterious and tho horrible. But of such there is no lack. Murders, ghosts,' deadly quarrels, arc tho occurrence of every hour, and the mercantile houses aro always on tho brink of failure or making a million of money a day. Clerks abscond, partners cut their throats, balance sheets won't add up, accounts aro cooked. Villas at Claphom ore supported out of capital, " Kites" arc always flying in the wind, aud " Stags" tossing their antlers In the city streets. So much for commerce; as for credit it is nearly unknown except in tbe way of creditors. The domestic column of the newsvendors Is still more melancholy; sinco the finer feelings of the heart arc or ought to bo involved. Nobody but the ' authen tically informed' could belicvo the quarrels, the alienations, tbo heart- burnings. Husbands and wives, I am sorry to say, rarely got on, and Mister B. nnd Missis B., A sitting by tho fire, aro but the first examples which occur to mo as being well-known to bo everything they shouldn't be. (Indeed; all tho world knows what -a life she leads him.) Even the physical phenomena of this strange region aro alarming. The very air is full of whispers, low and loud, soft and thrilling; they aro wafted about on the treo top9, and may be seen floating in tbin vapour round the heads of the inhabitants, sometimes hiding them from each other, sometimes blinding their eyes and causing their steps to goastray. They may not unfairly be called Children of the- Mist ; and this brings me to the most remark able and even awful phenomenon of all con nected with this Land of Gossip. It is that eacn or tucso inuaoitants is a duplicate of one of our own human race. You, O my dear reader, aro copied there, and so is your hus band, and so am I; rather tbey aro not dupli cates which move and act in that realm of wonders, but such distorted representations as wo might behold in one of those concave or convex mirrors which whero at onco the terror and the delight of our childhood. Such a ono I remember hanging on a nail in a quiet room in the country. A room lined with old books; the scent of sweet peas flowing in with the summer sunshine, and scarlet leaves of tho Virginian creeper makiug tho desolate autumn bright. This mirror was so con structed that when you looked in the glass on ono side you saw your face widened from ear to car, like tho pictorial representations of little Jack Horner eating his Christmas pie : and when you looked in the glass on the reverse side, it was elongated from forehead to chin, like a tragic nurse in a pantomime. "The mother who boro you" would hardly have known that faco for her own child's, so queer, so quaint, so lamentable, so pathotic, and so awfully uoliko yourself was it, with yet an unmistakablo vestige of individual identity, which mado it a travestio of 'you, and of nobody clso. Such, my dear friend, is your Double in tho Land of Gossip. I have read in fantastic German romances of travcllingkiiights who, when riding through the dark green alleys of a forest, would sud- denly 590 another figure pacing slowly to meet them, who on a nearer view proved to bo in deed another self,— a demon wearing tho samo aspect,— who haunted them in battles, and crossed them in love, and ever came in just in tho nick of tho moment when it coula do a mischief. I have also heard of that poet who was ono day summoned by his servant, saying a stranger waited to speak with lrira; and tho poet roso and left tho stud', and began slowly descending tho stairs of his houso towards an unknown man at tho bottom, who kept his faco shrouded in his cloak. When tho poet came closo to him, tho strango man dropped his cloak, and tho faco which the poet beheld was " his own and ho turned and fled. More terrible than the lonely figuro in the woodlnndglade,morc ghastly than tho shrouded visitant bearing a message from death, more absurd than your countcuanco ns depicted insido or outside of a silver soup ladle, is, 0 ray dear unconscious friend, your Double in tho Land of Gossip 1 and -I call you uncon scious because perhaps the worst part of this too vitnl phantasmagoria is that we are seldom visited by our own Doubles. Occasionally, it is true, we may meet such a ono face to faco, and are terrified by the awful apparition; but it far more frequently happens that it goes about behind your back, doing and saying the most atrocious things, covering you with shame and ridicule among your neighbours, who per sist in hclicving it is 'you.' What absurdities does it not utter ! What eccentricities does it nnt r»nmmit. ! S/imotlmos if. ennra nitr. npimn' of which the dark blame is luid on your shoulders; at others it stoops to follies for which yoa must needs pay tho ponalty of a bitter blush. Our Ugly Doubles 1 Would to heaves that they did faco us boldly, and let us know what they are at, instead of skulking about behind our backs in the Land of Gossip. But there are other great peculiarities to bo noticed apropos of this subject While wo see nnd know comparatively little of our own Ugly Doubles, except by tho reports one's friends kindly bring us (and which usually begin thus, " I really think you ought to know \- or else, " 1 cannot imagine you to bo awaro of what ")' it is quite wonderful how much wo know of thoso supernatural images of our neighbours. Wo cannot go to a social party without meeting at lenst a score of Ugly Douhles of the — absent. They float and buzz in all corners of the room, bringing down the last news from their country of shadows, and almost persuading oue that they ore of flesh aud blood. So tbnt wo know, as it were, two peoplo in each of our acquaint ances ; tho real individual whom we seo with our sober eyes, and tbo mystical reflection of his or her identity projected from the Land of Gossip. And though you might think that the clear, vivid outlines of tho humon being wnnld throw the vnguo form of tho Ugly Doublo into confusion, yet it is not so; we ' know' the one, yet wo suffer ourselves to be licvo in the base vulgarity of £ho other;— 'and not only among thoso to whom we aro personal strangers arc we injured by tho spectro of ourselves.' And what is truly wonderful is that not people only, but also places, aro sub jected to this terrible law of ahotber realm. Thcro is a foggier London and a sunnier Paris in that mystic land ; and the sublimity of the ono and the brightness of tho other aro equally defaced and distorted. Our Ugly Doubles 00 about doing evil nnd foolish deeds in aRcgont- street and a Rue do Rivoli of their own ; nnd whencvor you hear that any ono of them has been committing anything particularly mis-' chlorous, bo suro that the locality also is de fined, and that a particular house in n parti cular street at a particular hour, aro registered as belonging to that particular deed. I have perhaps said enough to draw tho at tention of intelligent observers to an unex plored region which would well repay further investigation. It is true that many of our contemporaries of the press aro known to re tain Bpeciat correspondents at high fees, who report direct information from tho Land of Gossip. But their communications aro not mado ia a philosophic or scientific spirit. They are imposed upon by every freak of tbe Ugly Doubles themselves, which they retail at considerably over a penny a line; and they attempt neither description nor analysis, re garding them simply as phenomena, after tho manucr of Auguste Comte. It appears, on the contrary, to me that theso creatures act after tho ruling of an interior law, and that at least tho sequence of their actions is extremely invariable. For instance, you never hear of an Ugly Doublo conducting itself with grace, nobility, courage, fortitude, or talents. It is usually 'maladroit/ ignominious, cowardly, impatient, and stupid. Sometimes, iudeod, it exhibits a certain sentimental benevolence, but oven 'that' is a travestio of the judicious energy with which eminent public characters in England prefer to bo credited. When, for instance, tho Doublo of the gracious and beloved Philomela goes about bestowing im probable consolation in tho dead of the night on impossible wounded warriors, would not that lady much prefer that tho Phantom should put out its hand-lamp aud retire to reasonablo rest? Contemporaneous history furnishes us with many other examples of the freaks of Double- dom; such, for instance, as that Highlaud girl ntLucknow. Do you believe that Jessie in the plaid shawl ever heard tho airy notes of ' The Campbell's are coming?' If you do, I don't! Looking into tbo post, the Ugly Doubles have played us endless tricks. One actually went (it had a hooked nose and passed by the naruo of tho Iron Duko) to meet Bluclier after —or beforo, I forget which — the Battle of Waterloo. This meeting has been commemo rated in a great historic picture ; it's a pity it never took placo in tho flesh. Tho same Doublo it was who, in tho thick of tho fray, promiscuously ejaculated, "Up, Guards, and at 'em 1" But of all the prowling shadows that ever distorted history, perhaps that of Richard tho Third was thomost malicious. Though the kijg himself was a comely young fellow, his Doublo couqtcrferfeitcd deformity, and did so many cruel and wicked things that his very name became odious. No succeeding monarch ever dared to run tho risk of his son becoming a Richard the Fourth! Then thcro was a king of (ho same unlucky titlo starved to death in Pomfrct Castle; — was ho a Doublo or a genuine creature? I'm suro I don't know. Did William Tell shoot tho apple off his little boy's head? Was Joan of Arc burnt at Rouen, or did sho settle down comfortably as tho wifo of a Sieur do Dash ? Is it truo that Henry tho Second " never smiled again ?" or that Eleanor sucked the poisos, or Blondcl sang to i a lute ? And, ohicf of all' mysteries,: Mvhich! was the real Mary Studrt ? Wbioh of the two ? for two there wore 1- r Was it tbo lovely lady who charmed all beholders,- tbe gay demoiscllo of France, maturing by trial into the resigned woman who lived with pious dig nity and died with mingled oharity: and fortitudo ? Or was it tho astute fc- malo fiend to whom midnight marder was a pastime; who spared no oncray and truly cherished no friond ? Which was tho substance; which tbo shadow?' Who knows or ever will know ? All I can say is that if tho latter imago projected, on; his tory's mirror bo tbo true ono, it is almost the first instance on record of a Doublo making magnanimous efforts to whitewash tho deeds and tho reputation of its prototype. Such an exception really proves the rulo that our Ugly Doubles always manage to throw discredit upon us. So much I consider myself to have established. Accurate observa tion in the Land of Gossip may ond by estab lishing other inductions. But tho reader who reflects on what I havo advanced concerning the nature and habits of theso creatures, will surely agree with mo when I say that if any body could find some suro way of poisoning them by causing them to consumo their own bad atmosphere, I for ono should consider that such killing was no murder. ATROCIOUS CRUELTY. — A case of atrocious cruelty is reported, as follows, by the ' Ballarat Star' : — " On Tuesday, 21st August, Mrs. Marshall, of Happy Valley, and her servant girl, were arrested and taken before Mr. S. Lewis, J.P , Hinton, on a charge of having ill- treated a cow belonging to a miner named Richard Dunstan, residing adjacent. The prosecutor's wife stated that about nine o'clock on the previous evening, the young prisoner went to the prosecutor's house asking for a poker. Mrs. Dunstan asked her what poker ? The girl replied, ' The one sticking in the cow.' Mrs. Dunstan then went out, and found the cow in the shed, with the poker sticking in her. The little girl, it appears, stated that Mrs. Marshall had thrown the poker at the cow, but had not told her to say that she had thrown it. Aggravating the sufferings of the poor brute, the poker, it seems, was red hot, or nearly so, when it was thrown, and when pulled out the flesh was adhering to it. Mr. Dunstan reported the case to constable Boyan, in charge of Piggoreet station, who forthwith arrested both Mrs. Marshall and the girl." CHARGE OF ARSON AT NEWCASTLE. — Catherine Walters, wife of William Walters, boatman, stands charged with having wilfully set fire to a dwelling-house in the old stockade, at Newcastle, the house at the time containing two of Mrs. Oldfield's children. From the evidence, it appeared that Mrs. Oldfield was at the house of a neighbour, Mrs. Williams, twenty-two yards away, on the night of the 13th instant, and when she went out to return home she heard some one strike a match in her house. Mrs. Williams was with her at the time, and also heard the match struck Mrs. Oldfield took no notice, thinking her husband had returned home and was striking a light. She then heard glass fall in the house, and on running home she found the window-blind and curtain on fire, the glass of the kerosene lamp on the table broken, and also two burnt matches ; the lamp was turned up high. She saw Mrs. Walters a few paces from her door as she ran home. Mrs. Walters said, in a low voice, " Mrs. Oldfield, somebody has set fire to your house, and I was going to tell you." Mrs. Oldfield told her she believed it was done by her, wheroupon Mrs. Walters threatened to go for a policeman and give her in charge for making the accusation. No one else was seen about the premises. When the fire had been extinguished the children were found asleep in bed. The lamp was turned down low when Mrs. Oldfield went out that evening, and the door was only fastened with a latch. In April last, Mrs. Oldfield and Mrs. Walters had a quarrel, during which the latter threatened to burn down Mrs. Oldfield's house. Latterly they had been good friends. Prisoner's house was about thirty yards away from Mrs. Oldfield's. The bench committed her for trial at the Circuit Court to be held in Maitland in October next.— Tho offence, if proved, is punishable by death. — ' Newcastle Chronicle.' A CLASSICAL BLACKFELLOW.— An old over- lander gives us a curious account of his meeting with an educated blackfellow some time since in Queensland. The former who had been out explor- ing and was returning, having come upon three tracks, and not knowing which to take for the moment, he sat down and lighted his pipe. Pre- sently up walked jauntily a smart-looking black- fellow, whose only clothing was an oppossum rug, so the overlander addressed him in broken English as we usually talk to the blacks. He asked the aboriginal which of the three tracks before him he ought to take on his route. The black man drew himself up, looked down on the white man, and in a dramatic manner said " medio tutissimus ibis." The white man, who had not forgotten his Latin, was astounded ; and to satisfy his senses, he re- peated the question, when he met with the same reply, delivered more emphatically— " medio tutis- simus ibis." That is," said the black man, " take the middle road, it is the best." White and black then sat down together, the latter turned out to be an aboriginal sent to a school in Sydney at the expense of a squatter who had discovered the blackfellow's capacity for knowledge ; but faithful to his instincts, the latter, after being edu- cated, bolted into the wild bush, preferring a state of nature, with all its disadvantages, to the re- stricted freedom of civilization. He was named " Bungaree." Being a smart fellow and excellent shearer, he would go shearing in the proper season, and having thereby accumulated some money, usually laid it out in tobacco, cheap prints, toma- hawks, and gewgaws, with which he joined his countrymen, where he remained until the shearing again came round. It may be doubted whether the oft-repeated Latin proverb was ever more wittily applied by a white man.— Pastoral Times. DISEASED PIGS. — We are sorry to learn that some complaint is very rife amongst the pigs in this locality, and an idea is entertained that they are suffering, as cattle and horses have done, from pleuro-pneumonia. Several cases have been re- ported to us during the past week of pigs dying with all the symptoms attending this scourge.— Mount Gambier Standard. GUN ACCIDENT. — An accident of a very shock- ing nature occurred on Sunday last, at Bondo. The superintendent of the station, Michael Dwyer, had borrowed a gun, and without ascertaining if it was loaded, charged and fired it off, the result being the bursting of the barrel. Being left- handed, Dwyer fired from the left shoulder, his right hand being used in supporting the gun di- rectly under the part where it fastens to the stock, Had it not been for the woodwork his hand would have been blown off ; as it was, he sustained two deep lacerated wounds in the ball of the thumb, which nearly severed that member from the hand. He rode into town, and Dr. Hester dressed the wound, which we hear is in a fair way of healing. — Tumut Times. AN ABORIGINAL TOPER.— Most of our Echuca readers are acquainted with a blackfellow named Ratty, a fellow of infinite humour, though of mis- chievous and pilfering propensities. These latter have, heretofore, got him into sore trouble, and now have again brought him within the clutch ol the law. On this occasion Ratty burglariously entered the premises of Mr. Lawrence, of the Homebush Hotel, and ensconsing himself in the cellar, proceeded to get abomianbly drunk— though it is fair to conclude that there were participators in the debauch, for even the capacious stomach of a blackfellow could not readily contain the four or five pints of brandy and two bottles of porter which vanished beneath Ratty's auspices. He must have been uproarious in his cups, for Mr. Lawrence, hearing a diabolical row in the cellar after he had retired to rest, went forth armed with a hay-fork, and encountered Ratty just emerging from a trap-door. Apparently under the impres- sion that the hideous apparition was no less a person than the devil, Mr. Lawrence made a thrust at him with the very appropriate weapon he car- ried, and so successfully that he tumbled the ghostly visitor back again into the shades from whence he came. Lights, however, were brought, and poor Ratty discovered lying on the floor of the cellar a good deal hurt, the pitchfork having entered near his eye. He was then consigned to the charge of the police, and brought up at the police court, when these facts being proved, ha was sent to Sandhurst gaol for three months. Ratty was too much subdued to make any remark upon his sentence. — Riverina Herald . SCENE IN A MELBOURNE THEATRE. — There was a "scene" in the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, one night last week particulars of which we take from the Age. — Mr. William O'Niel made his first appearance at the Theatre Royal last evening. There was a very large audience. The pieces an- nounced for "presentation were Ireland as it was," and " Barney the Baron." The comedian was most enthusiastically received on his first entrance, but as the drama proceeded it became apparent to those in front of the house that on this occasion he was not in a fit state to perfrom. The song of "Finnigan's Wake" and its acompanying dance were shorn of all their proportions ; and the business of the leading actor was terribly muddled. When the curtain fell on the last scene, a storm of hisses arose, in response to which Mr. O'Niel came before the curtain, and informed the audi- ence that he would give them the song and dance in the next piece (" Barney, the Baron.") This statement, however, did not satisfy the audience, and the hissing continued. Mr. O'Neil, who had led Mrs. Phillips on, then said that he considered such treatment very insulting, and retired. Some considerable time elapsed, and then Mr. Hoskins appeared with Mr. O'Neil, and stated that that gentleman was too ill to appear in the afterpiece. Craving indulgence for his non-appearance, he as- sured those present that Mr. O'Neil had not been drinking, but was really ill. He had been ill when he was first engaged, and had only con- sented to play that night in order to oblige the management. No doubt a night's rest would do him good. (Laughter and hisses.) Mr. Hoskins was about to retire, when Mr. O'Neil stepped down to the foot lights, and was understood to speak as follows :— " Ladies and Gentlemen — Confession is a good thing for the soul. I will confess to you. Drink is the cause of it. (Roars of laughter, groans and hisses, amidst which the comedian was led off by the manager.) In a few minutes the curtain rose on the farce of " Found iu a Four-Wheeler." When Mr. Harwood ap- peared on the stage he was met with a perfect tornado of hisses. For some minutes he endea- voured to get a hearing, but was unable to do so. Mr. Steward then came on the stage, and asked the audience what it was they required. To this question there was loud answers of " Barney the Baron," and " O'Neil." Mr. Stewart said that a great many of the company had gone home, and therefore it was impossible to play anything but the farce they were now engaged in. (Uproar, cries of " Play the Baron yourself," " Give us back our money," and " Where's O'Neil ?") The con- fusion continuing, Mr. Stewart retired, and Miss Mortimer in a few moments came on the stage. Even the appearance of a lady, however, was not sufficient to appease the audience. The hissing still continued, and eventually Mr. Hoskins step- ped to the front, and asked the indulgence of the audience for those who had served them for so many years. It was too bad, he said, to visit the sins of one man on the heads of unoffending per- sons. With this sentiment most of those present seemed to agree, and the farce was allowed to con- tinue ; but the larger portion of the audience left. Sups of the . Pen.- Thackeray seems to havo had nn intense disliko to tbe troubles of revision ; for his popular works, especially those published periodically, abound in trivial mistakes, arising from hnstc, forgctfulncss, and want of caro. Tbe novelist mortally wounds nn old lady with & candlo instead of a candle-stick, nnd afterwards attributes ber death to a stono staircase. Ncw- como senior is colonel and mnjor at one and. tho samo time ; Jack Bulsizo is Jack on one pago, and Charles on another ; Mrs. Raymond Gray, intro duced ns Emily, is suddenly rechristened Fanny and Philip Ferroor on one occasion becomes trans formed into the author's old hero, Clivc. . With respect to tho last-mentioned gentleman, author and artist seem to have differed, for while Mr. Thackeray jests about dive's beautiful whiskers- nnd hnndsome moustaches, Mr. Doyle- persists to tho end in denying young Newconio's possession of thoso tokens of manhood. It is not often that nn author is satirical upon his own productions; but Charles Dickens has contrived to bo so. De scribing tho old inns of tho borough in his "Pick wick Papers," he says they are queer places, with galleries, passages, and staircases wide enough and antiquated enough "to furnish material for a hun dred ghost-stories, supposing we should ever bo reduced to the lamentablo necessity of inventing any." How little could " Boz" havo anticipated certain charming Christmas Books witching tho world a fow years later 1 So also " American Notes." Mr. Jefferson Brick and the transatlantic Eden lay unsuspecting in tho future when he mado old Weller suggest Mr. Pickwick's abscond ing to America till Dodson and Fogg were hung, ami then returning to his native land end writing " a book about tho 'Merricans ns 'ill pay all his expenses and moro if ho blows cm up enouch 1 " — Chamber is Journal.. Rather Warm.— 41 Ah," said n conceited young parson, " I havo tbiB -afternoon been preaching to . a congregation of asses."— " Then that wns tho reason you always called them beloved brethren,'' replied a strong-minded lady. The Significance. — A curious law cose has been tried in France, to discover who. was the rightful owner of a well. Swearing and 1 compli cation were going 00 about tho matter, to a lengthy extent, when the judge, astonished, ex claimed, " But this is nil about a littlo water. What can it matter so very much, that you should both put yoursolvcs to so much trouble nnd ex-' penso about it?"— " Monsieur," exclaimed one of the advocates, drily, " tho pleaders are, both of them, wino-mcrchnnts." Tho value and signifi cance were seen at once, and created a roar of laughter. . Philosophical Dietetics.— Sir Richard Jebb being called to a patient who fancied himself very ill,' told him ingenuously what he thought, and declined prescribing, thinking it unnecessary.—. "Now you are here," said the patient, "I shall bo obliged, to you, Sir Richard, if you will tell mo how I must live— what I may eat, nnd whnt not." " My directions as to that point," said Sir Richard, who abominated this sort of question, " will bo few and simple : you must not eat tho poker, shovel, or tongs,' for they are hard of digestion ; nor the bellows, becauso they are windy; but any thing clso you please." ( 