MELBOURNE AND ITS SEA DE­ FENCES. The following letter appears in th e ' Argus' of the 7th inBt. Sir.—As the Government are about to trim the lamp of preparation by voting money for the tea defences of this port, I trust I phall not be out of ord?r, nor too late, io offering a few observations oa such ao important subject. If I mistake not, it is intended to erect isolated batteries on the shores of Port Phillip for the protection of this city. I trust this is not the caBe; for. if batteries should be so placed, they must be isolated, consequently weak and inoperative, because an enemy once scatheless within the port, would have bucIi abundant choice of ground to effect a Unding that he would contemptuously ignore such batrei ios by landing elsewhere, and take the city in reverse, and batteries loo. Had lie not the power to effect, this, he would not come from Europe to invade ui. Lord Dundonahl, no duu t, had j» similar example in view when he slid, “ It is little short of national imbecility to suppose that b cause we erect imposing fortifiuaiious an enemy will come :» them.” Even if we had the means to erect the most formidable batteries all along the dry front <*f the bay, the enemy could 1iy 20ij0 yards off and shell the town into buhmhs'on, w hilst the small speck offered by the hull of a ship At that distance would seldom be touched by our guns; and, if “truck, the imnact would be too weak to inflict damage. This view is supported by Admiral Porter's despu.ch oil the bombardment of F< rt Fisher; he says ;— “ All ihe vessels reached position at eleven a.m,and each opened fire as they got their anchors down. The guns in the upper batteries opened with some effect, but no vessel was injured sufficiently to interfere in the least with her efficiency.'' Further on be continues :—“ The enemy had a 200 pounder, which was frequently fir.d at the roonitoi?, but seldom hit them. . . . T hese vessels have laid five days under a fire from Fort Fisher, anchored less than 800 yards off, and though fired at a great deal, they were seldom bit, and received no injury, except to boats, and light matter about the decks, which were cut to pieces” “ One heavy shot from Fort Fisher idented the iron of her (_tbe Monadnock’s) side armour with ut doing any o a - terial damage.” Besides, I think it should become an axiom in fortifying cities that unless such fnriificAtions have a fair character for invulnenbility, md are possessed of great power to inflict injury on an entiny, they are better away. a« from their aggressive position tiny invite destruction on a city which the amenities of modern warfare would otherwise spare. Having, in the foregoing remarks, displayed tbe white feather of prudence, 1 new invite my readers to accompany me to the Heads, where I hoists in its stead, the death’s head and cross bone? of gloiy nn the flagstnff overlooking the future batt c- fh Id of our victory. It is here that we must look for the Thermopy » of our freedom from insult and spoliation. But even hire we should not spend money iu co<tly and inefficient granite batteries. Formidflble bitteru-6 we should have on each side of the narrow entrance, but they should be made of earth, and mounted by powerful guns Although India is the birthplace of earth bitt?- ries, yet Todleben, At Sebastopol, tliowed <he world tlmt they are the most reeds ive fortifications known, and when kept moderately moist, will pocket anv amount of shot; whilst granite wou’d fiv into fragments when struck at d wound t ’»e defenders. Thus, with bat- 'eries erected on the Heads, aid so constructed os to c 'mmand a sharp raking fire on the enemy’s ships as they approach, and when rliey arc just entering within the Heads, they should be subjected to an onfilading fire from the batteries, at either side, which wouhl surely cripple them Besides the batteries, there should be two ironclad rams, aimed wiih such power, in calibre of guns and steam, that no enemy's ironclad which had to run the gauntlet of danger across the ever turbulent great Southern Ocean would escape being crippled and sunk by tlu»m. Hi se two formidable floating batteries would be just inside the Heads, so that should any of the enemy's ships, by chance force the passage under fire of tbe batteries, they would be run into and sunk under foot by our invulnerable ironclads. And even if one or :wo of the enemy should show vitality and daring enough to steer up the bay, our twin screw rams with the enormous steam power wo could afford to arm them with, for servics in our quiet waters, would enable one nr both to overhaul them instantly—plunge the ram into stern, quarter ortk-am, and down they must go. Ghost of Homer! It nearly makes one aish for the realisation cf the picture to see tbe glorious deed done I may further remark that whilst entering the Heads no enemy’s ships armed with broadside guns could use them agAinst our forts, find they could not indulge in the modern naval dodge of “ circle Bulling” to render innoxious the tire ol our baitcry guns, they would have to sup their iron gruel hot and hot at nearly yard-arm distance. But let them once get into the bay, and off the city, they would then indulge in the “ circle” dar.ee, firing their thirteen-inch shells into the city at every revolution, and laugh at any batteries we could erect on the city side of tbe shore. But, unlike a fixed battery, two powerful rums, even without the batteries at tbe Heads, would banc on to their skirts with sleuth bound tenacity, and pound them to death. As compared with shore batteries, the ironclad rum is like a roaming tiger, with his claws unsheathed for destructive action; the battery is the tiger chained up. Mr Fairbairn, tbe great ironclad shipbuilder, says that ocean warfare will yet ba decided by the force of rams. Captain Cole endorsed this opinion, when he said <l Motion is the genius of modern warfare, as station is of that gone by.” Thus, should we not avail ourselves of the services of two powerful ram ironclads (of themselves worth twenty shore batteries in our wide bay), and were an enemy to force the batteries at tbe Heads and appear off Melbourne, she must eat the bitter leek of submission, whilst the foe is rifling her banks und gold-dust stores. Better pay a ransom us an expiation for parsimonious fellows,than see our beautiful city shelled about cur ears. Get the ram ironclads l TqkCk m )#, 