; ,?.-??.;?':-? i: OLIVER OAKLAND. '???????'??'?» \ ' ' ? I can't riamv?. -thje i.year just at this mbrrient]'.butit wis early, 'in )'Jhe\twenties, wbeni'matriculated.at St.'' John's College, Oambridge, ) lie only ( man) I knew there, except my tutor, was .Qliyer . Oakland, -t af tf r,; . , wards known to the whole college as Noble Nol. 'We^ b)ad 'come, from.. .. the r same quiet neighborhopd. p,f ; Chelriisfbrdi in Essex* where' pur families.- had ^been; ? bid ahd- friendly neighbbrs': fromi grandfather! times. Mine^the-Westwbods, were' well-to-do,. having^a. re-: ?spectable) property in' bpuBe*' and latod/whioh I,1 being ; the only boy but of seven olive plants'j ? expected to) 'inherit)'sorrie day. His consisted of his ri\ other 'anS ) himself. : Their entire incorrie 1 was : the'pension al l)oWed:to a lieutenant's' widow, and their expectations ^6re Oliver's witsi ;? ; How he got ; firstto scliooli and then to college,- was the wonder ;of. all their friends:; but a'pmall legaoy'lefttherii by; a maiden aunt- bad been eked out by. all sorts pf endeavors of. their Own-.: .thej mother, gave private^ lessons , to young ladies; the;son gave private. lassistance. to ybune; gentlemen;' and Iboth made, h'a^d pulls— very -.hard) they.hadto be'— bri the syrnpathies of their cousin,! itie rebtor, wfib kept no curate, arid, .farmed his glebe to tiie best' advantage. :.' Moreover, the- Onklarids had a beapori'-iight to guide their honest ' atnbitiori : over the mantelpiece in r their little parlor, side by side with the deoeased lieutenant,^ who had fallen in a.faib East Indian, field, too young for his son to remember him, 'there hung the portrait of a sour, ' wind-dried man, in university expand gown/Za'chary Oakland by narrie, a' hard-headed- scholar of some note in his kerie'rationi which; was long past, for he was Oliver's gra'ridJvinole,: arid had began life a poor student, but diedthe Master of St. John's College. That portrait, and. the sour, ;win&-dried man it represented, were the glory and the guiding-star of. the Oaklands, though it was traditionally said that the- learned Zachary.had never exchanged word or sign 'with the testiof riisfairiJly from his twenty- first birthday, when, his.father refused to 'furnish funds for the only bet' he bver made in his life— ^rl believe it was on a cock fight— an'dvali his kindred approved of the denial. I The master of St John's had been saving as well as learned, and was believed to have died richi but how or wherehe hadihidden his money nobody oould (iiscover. A strict search had been made at the time pfhis; d?ath, which was rather sudden, though he had passed threescore and ten. The Oaklands and the college both expected to be his heirs, for Zachary UnJ s\rtr\n -r^eiA 4-\\\ e\ ona--aci r\T W\ n 1tf'.»MTYl rtTlif * hll T. Tl A AnA/IVlfi* book, hoard, or, will was found, nothing, in short, that could indicate what had become of his very con siderable sayings. At first the master's housekeeper was suspected ; but tiriie proved the fallacy of that opinion ; the poor, honest woman, who had been' Neither overpaid nor over . well kept by her late ' pmployer, remained poor' and horiest to the last ;.arid. having ? no other '. solution; for the r, problem, people . settled on the, savings being.sunk in some absurd speculation . which ti.e old niari.was top proud to ac-,: knowledge, and had therefore destroyed the vouchers, fet John's had got nothing by liim, and. neither had ph'e Oaklands ; but the notable toaster was a feather in each. of their caps ; .arid that other masters had pome arid gone the same' way,' arid 'his glory had; faded from the memory of all but very' old fello-ws, . he was a feather in the Oaklands'- cap. ; still,. . and an encouraging example to my friend Oliver. . '.-.,.. , I Well, we began our college, csurse together— I as a kentleman-commoner, he as a poorsizar. That was the.work of fortune ;, but in all that. nature had, to 'do. with, Oliver hadfarthe advantage of me.' 1 don't jbhirik anybody ever thought me. haridseme, except the eldest of Sir Jacob Short-cotrimori's eleven daughters, called Mrs Westwpod this many a year ; arid 'when we quarrel, she says she never thought so.: ?I pave him my entire confidence^ consisting chiefly ;of 'difficulties with tailors, &o;, and the relieving officer at borne, not to speak of hearj;quakes regarding town: |or country belles, with someone of whorii 1 was fathoms deep in : love every season,, and also : took Credit ,tp myself for: obliging him with a'loanwhen ihis, pocket was,, particularly light— I mean empty. . .' arid for dragging hini but from his .books , arid close irbbm tp the fresh air and open country round Cam- ? jbridge. ?')?' /,. : ?_' '. ?' , ... ' '. ''._. ; . '.'' i ,It .was bri one of these expeditions, towards the jend; of ;-our third year, .'that I stumbled on a secret with which Oakland had not thought proper to en-, ?trust ine. We were coining home one evening from 'a long ramble^ and passing th^.Chapone Institutipri, ,ari old-fashioned boarding school of great strictness and high gentility, kept by the maiden daughters of: a former Bishop of Ely, and named, J know not why 'upless there was some connection in the case with |the lady who wrote such instructive and' vnen jtertainirig Letters, to her Niece, when my eye was caug;ht,by .a plainly-dressed and uncommonly pretty i girl, at the gate, who would have spoken to Oliver I if j had not been there. It was a true-love business, il'fehew by my friend's eyes, which he could not keep ;from following Her as she tripped up the lawn i arid into the house without once turning her head, j They, were very discreet about, it; ? but I had told ^Oakland so many similar secrets of -mine, that I, thp.ught myself entitled to ferret but-the only one he had : and a fair opportunity occurred on the follow ing Saturday, when I had Mm in my rooms at supper, a hamper of game having come from West; wood Manor. We were alone, aud he was in rather : lbw spirits, as I observed was often the case with him of late. 'You are in love, Oakland,' said I, determined to dash into my subject. ??'?'?? ?-??-? \- '-' How can that, be ?' he said. ff Falling in love : is for such lucky fellows as you, who will have pro perty to marry? on if they please, notfjr such poor ; souls as myself, who must, drudge their lives out at , rnathematics and dead . languages to get a seat among those hard dry old bachelors at the Fellows' stable.' ? ',' . . ' .,-.'..-,. ' Oliver sp'ote with more bitterness'- than was usual 1 to him ; and I; knowing that his college-life wts not an easy one, and guessing that ho might be hard-up 1 jrist now, pressed the good wirie upon' him, by way of consolation. Under its genial influenoe; my friend wahried, and I got a'ssurauce enough to quiz and ; question him concerning the plainly-dressed pretty ) girl. . After a little .beating abqut the bush, Oliver, opened his hearfc to me: perhaps it was a ^relief to; pretty girl was Miss' , Russell,, cotrimorily called Bessy. She was , an orphan, ' Without relations or , fjriends, except the riiaideri ladies of the Institution,' of whorii her father, a poor curate, had been a scarcely acknowledged connection j and to whbni she had been junior assistant since the beginning of her fifteerith year. ' She is little over eighteen now,'. : said Oakland.; ?'?' but a wiBer or.a better woman does not exiat. -.You're laughing in your sleeve, I dare ;say, but Bessy could advise the, oldest man in tko i ; college for .his good : women can dp the like, if -it.be j i in them, without bill' books and riniyersities. I uri- I ,-derstand the Indies' of the Institution '.can't' find a j I fault in Bessy ;r and' it must be a siriall one that i ; escapes them. I never oould have got acquainted j 1 with her but for a savage dog I-had-tho pleasure aud | good- luck to save her froria one evening in the, sum- ! ?mer before last. She has a hard life there between the old maids and the, young ..Indies they teach, but i Bessy never complains,. I :know , the girl., loves ine,. j 'y^estwpqd,' apd I,c^n't')th)irik .of living without her) : i so,- 'after 1) .take ' my %'. A'.,: I 'ain' , going .)tb' . dig ' into, divinit^' ' My' cbusin: tn^'reotbr- will want' a1 curate' some day, and I'll settle down to the work and marry Bessy:'--' '? ^ :?;:::? '.'A .:.?.?'?.??: ,.;-.: a ??/.toiiuK/.'C'tK A .' mi' I never thought you h'ada turnfor.%e.'bhWrohjuT. Oakland,' said I ; , 'but if tthere^was, a.-i\yingiin; tbeil , gift of myjfamily, it should be .at your s_eryjcpy thpughjtj it seems to me a, do wnwright .burying of your^taientSj;;,; and. I. wonder what ypiir ?mbther.will say. ';.,'j '.^-t^jjo.-ls j Af.I, don't know,'. said LOliye^ witi almpst/jagrjganjj^, y She has set her hearfc and .hopes ' bn-jgeirife'rimj9r{ine^y of the cbilege. dons, and made many ; a \B,abrifi(Jq.foroitj[,- hiib the Kept girl in ^urope(woul(l ?riot'pleasS 'her 'foi''j a daughter-in-law, witb^but Bpriie.'rank',b^'forturi)o, Jm$ Bessy has h'eitber. WeBtwobdi'it^s'hardto thjirili; of:o ^uryip^ruy talents, as you call;them'y(-'and ' taking- td'° clerical duties,' when,1 -between' ?ourselvesy '? I- have riO1 .! ?' vocation for them ; but 'it.isOfaf'i'arder- tofithinK din prdssing fny poor go'od m'other.'V.:; ?'? '. i;-'O;i adJ ?sfina I T tried to dissuade my friend from Jhis design ; .b'ufr'J he showed me. pi ain'y that there was -io:.otherJ bhafabe -o Of a wedding for him and Begsy^.arid onthatiwedding;:.! Oliver had faxed his mind with) all , the, resolute ^pon,-,/,, stanpy.that was in it., He hadnpt.myiiadyantagp^qf),., getting easily snared and. .easily fr)ee3,4n^, BessyjS,^ faoe .was one that might haunt a fnpirirat', a ) solitary,' I fireside.. He bad jealous fears, . loo.: fit' wbiilji ''be') wearing away the best, part of her life 'tb^w^it' for)1 g-obd fortune thatmight never ! ceme :; tp ; his' contain : knowledge, she had offers from a - drawirig-master ??'?' arid a well-to-do tradesinan ; ' but still1 the~- poor fellow '?- ivould have made any sacri fide to ? Plut'us,; -aftep ' i |;be ', fashion , of his friends the , ancients,?! :.opuld. it- ) have availed him to escape, the .church; and. hip morji, ther's displeasure. -,: ..,,- ,-.. ._.,-?. ; ..,:.. ...l:.,-.;; ?? -.-.. ! .Wepartedsad and.sober.in spite of the gboa.wine.; , But when. I saw Oliver s again- it .^as-. Monday ) morning,, when he entered my. room ;with''a',fapeJ) full ;' of fun arid aii bpWri letter in his hand;' *'Hera is( a)) pattern. epistle iritheseritiinental ..line;-' and^I^ want,' you, ris a gentleman skilled in: such matt'e'r;s/J-)tb ^Sll'' ine whence it comes-: a- hoax qfioours'ei-'ihe-said,' handing rne the letter, which to the best-ofimy rebol^l leoi ion ran as follows-,: .: j.ii., 1.. ..'''. 'j-iq .u-.:;,' ???.?ifji-, , ??' Can the sensible, the accomplished, tb.e;faspinatingij jOakland respond .to, a sinoere and ?Jhear,tfe).,tjpassion,-^ jnot transitory and unprofitable, like the lpyg pi com,^, ?mon minds',' but steadfast, ) and 'sure'to'.guidaThis'1, stepfi to riches arid prosperity ?)? If he'; c^v)let,);hiin Te|)ly to, Cynthia at the , post-office ; his ietter.'will'be; iwaited for with anxious hope, received with 'delight,' ' and Answered witHexp edition.' ;-? '.'.' ???i.Kiivf h ::- ; My friend and I laughed heartily over the effueidfty'' iand agreed that it was a hoax ?;- but who; was the;' perpetrator, I opuld guess as little as , Oliver himself; ; Yet, there ^was something inthe writingy. though.;! evidently a disguised hand, familiar t\, my; ? ,eyes. :C,i;, thought and poured over it, bnt could fix pn nob)qdy.;.; jaiid the mystery seemed to work upon' pakland/^ 'studious and steady as he was, for he resolved to icarry on the joke, and .thereby ? find:o.ut:hJ.s-.fair:: j correspondent, as we both .felt sure the hand was ithat of a woman: Cynthia was ? answered on the )spot, in a strain as grandiloquent as her* own. She ^replied by the very next post, and got another answer. i Six or seven letters: were thus exchanged, , I being the only outsider inthe secret ; arid the only point | that- either watching1 dr. bribery could ascertain for' ! Oliver was, that Cynthia't letters were called for, by ;a variety of ragged boys, who, when. they pould be !got at and questioiaed, said sometimes' an qld'vvo'iriari '' ;b'ad sent ' them to the posi-ofnee', aridsomstinies a;i ^outis; lady. The correspondence -.did :not adyance,i rapidly towards a solution. ; M_y if rie nd^-wos ^^y^, declaring' himself able arid willing to respond, to ariy(r arnourit of affection and confidence, ; while' tbeladyj' as I thought to lure him '.on,: :took ?-.- ups; the strain of men being deceivers ever. , But none of her epistles closed, without . tbe,. Hint igrowing plainer at every repetitibn of'thff'irichcis1 and prosperity to which she could . guide J his steps ;' an 1 at last -it was like a drowning mari ?clutching' 'at ?' Ja straw— poor Oliver seemed to half believe that his - -g-bbd fortune was somehow to bomethroughCynthia,- ? iwhen a curious accident enabled- me jtoi unveil the ? icharmar. , ... ?.?.?....;..-. :. ??' ''.-.-,,??; vAi.-\\.i;-;-. ?;: I 'At the end of Trumpington-street, npxt.jtq,S,t.; 'Johu's-lane, there was at, the.. time of my s)tpry,. and) ihadbeen for many a year before,' a, shop .of all wares , iin tlie student's fancy line. ,'. Everything that college; I men required in tho^e days, from seppud^and, books) ito. new boxing-gloves, riiight be bbught there';, stecil3 !sp\irs for game-cocks, white kid^ f or everiirig'parties,i;t pipes of every fbririj smbking-caps, with other. ^6b'ds; itoo various to rrientiori, rriadeit the constant resort ? of students. The shop was kept by a Miss''Jqsephsj.. iand a woman whom she pleased to call her nurse,- -but. ? whom popular tradition affirmed to_be mother. '.Mil's., ; Josephs was of an age not to be ascertained.., Her,; ?face had a remarkable likeness to that of ^a p'ay)rpt; ) : her figure strikingly resembled an upright ' deal-) . : board; she, had a dark muddy complexion, a c6n-;; siderable squint, arid stiff black hair, safd' to bo daily' thinned 'by plucking out of the gray. Yet ' thepr'et- ' tiest woman in England cculd not have looked more ? certain' of her triumph over the hearts of men, or put : on more airs and graces for that purpose: It was a: istudy of the ridiculous to see her: behind the.coiinterj. ; dressed in the: extreme of the fashion,!, and taikipg; like a fainting duchess. The students , one : , and , all laughed at her; and throughout Cambridge^ (I ^hink)) ;it wasthe boating-men who gave her the title)^ on' ac-' cbunt of a peculiar , mode she had of moving her' skinny arms, Miss Josephs was kribwn' as the;Steetlei%/. The pair were not natives, arid whence they- 'camel'1 nobody in Cambridge could certify} but:;- there was: a floating1 tradition that ? they were .somehow de-j cended from Portuguese Jews ; and their, powers ; : of making out bills, and getting them paid,u seemed! to warrant its -truth; ...; . ,.:?; -. cir.- ^v.'uay: \~- ,jk.Y There was another, tale .ooncerning'vthern,:wh^olj; )pr(sbably .poritributed ;to make the students ke^p ! a., .safe, distance. Some three,, years' befbre'O.liyer '? 1 and myself entered ). : St Jphri's ? there' ') had ' .been \ '. anpopgits gownsmen one rather poor,' rather oieybrj' ; and riot very wise. He happened to have gpt'tliVee' 1 affairs of some mornent bri his hands' at' bnbe-^* ; namely, reading for a fellowship, making lpvetO-the; i Steerer/ andapromise of marriage to his bed-maker's' daughter. With such coutra'dictory; irons Inthe fire,, : success was scarcely possible, and so it. proved: withi ihim. He lost the fellowship ; , he .was, called,; Pflito, I fulfil his prpmiso; andhe had.to go. and explain, matters to the Stoerer. ), ,W)hat, attrftb^ipu ho'ha^' jfpund in thtt quarter, nobody could 'make.'out'; ,but' ifroni casual hints, his cpilege:friends 's'upp'dsedtiiaf ? he had been led ta believe in' some f?rb'at!forit'unb'' bi:' '] legady which she was to inherit^ Weil;';the' stu'derit' i went to her house by'speoial. 'arfarigenient' prie); 'winter evening, to make his woeful confession1, vand; '; take a fond farewell. Tne neighbors knew1 there wast a fine supper cooked and wine brought in; :;.? but whother the conversa%-n or the viands proved; top, much for him, the young man returned early to b,is rooms, and the same night was fieize)d. with an. ill-, ness which the dootors, after, a deal of) u'np'ertaint'vl' ; fourid out to he brain fever, and of yhioh) 'hediea' on the ninth day. . , ?'' ''''.' i'':1.I- i I had heard that story inany a, titrie, arid was' think-; ' ihg of it, it riiay be in malice, after glancing 'ov^-a' pretty heivvy account from the shop in Truiripington street when all at once it oocurred tome that, the1 hand that set down the various itemsMu goocLledger, ', style, was, in spite of its disguise, the . yery ., saflie^ , which had writttn Cynthia's, .Jettora., .Theresas $ 1 smallji'epositpry of similar bUls in in^. ,dpslc, anft ,a;. 1 survey of ) them left no dou)bt in py ,'piip.cli . , ' I fipw^o , acquaint Oliver with the ''discovery ;, audaic.ofriparlj i scori of documents Batisfied'us both that'Oynthia 'wan' rioM otiiet ^tEan'the1 :&Moim;} Ii'laiigu'Sar!6iir-3liver'ii'! ropmBrangj, over the grandiloquent ..passage? in her; loverletters. .Oaklandlaughedtoo, and, agreed with me that it was a capit .1 tale ; but:them6re we talke I oyeritj.the less he seemed amused, and I oould-not help seeing that th are was some part of tb.p subjeot of which he 'did not speak;but was thinking seriously. On.pe,mpr,e-, the poor . student's , story occurred to n»e. Doubtless it ..waVcif it Oliver was th'inki g, and I hinted my recollections, with a hupo that he would ' . have nothing. more :;to; do. ; with the f*ir unknown. Oakland mado np^ reply, at least no direct one, but I ivoderstood he,was of the same mind by hia .imme- diately pointing out- jfche nooessity of keeping all that ooncerried Cynthia between ourselves, if we did not mean to furnish the whole university with a jest at our own ex-pense. ;I,saw the wisdom of his oounsel ; for though not a prinoipal in the affair. I at any rate should have ,f elt bound to -'spare my. . friend , the laughter and jokes it must occasion. I parted with. Oliver on that nndorstanding, and, did not see him', for some days after, :ks I goteugaged with a boating-; party. We had gone down the Cam, rand came home rather tired. Though it was not very late, most of the shops in, Trumpington-street were shut }? the Steerer's door was, hut her window remained open. Through it I 'remarked a man, not looking at . goods, but at her;, while he leaned on the counter in onvnoaf. r»r»rn7fil-art.-Mnn, fl.iiH fl. movement of his head showed me that it was my friend, Oliver Oak . land. , - ?'-?;?? '??-?.„, I went home, not knowing what to think. Had his riewly-disovered Cynthia really attracted my friend, -and made him waver in his' allegiance . to the pretty Bessy? If soj the promise to guide his steps .'tor riches and prosperity must be the chief charm;1 yet how could Oliver, shrewd and sensible as he was, believe suoh a thing possible to a einall shopkeeper in * Trumpington-street ! The Steerer's gatherings could not be a temptation to a man like him, yet I had seen Oliver earnestly engaged with her ; it was not the best or oheapest of her goods that brought him there at such' on hour,- ? after warning me: to keep the subjeot . of her letters, out of the student's ears. In my oontempi; and .indigna ? tion at his deceit, I wished my word had not been given' oh tb.9 matter1 ; but given it was, and nothing1 remained'ibut to ? ?? give. Oliver the co'd-shoulder. ? ?' I tried;,it .for : some- days ; almost w.eeks^ indeed ; Oliver saw nothing of me,, and I saw nothing of Oliver. He did npt avoid me, so far as. I could see, but he' did not seek me but : conscious guilt; thought I : biit somehow the man had' become too needful to my life and mind to be thus parted with. T went to his rooms at our usual meeting time in theevening, but he was put. I guessed 'where, ; watched about Trumpington- street, and saw him come out of the Ste'ere''s private door. Next day, we met by acci dent, and I took the opportunity to congratulate looked as if any other observation would have been more welcome, but he was by no means as much abashed as I expected ; on the contrary, he made ight of it, like one who was carrying on a jpst, talked more gaily and carelessly than ever I had heard- him, -and in reply to my question, 'What will.Boss'ysay?' he' merely said: ' Oh, never mind Bes'syV-she is a prudent girl.' ' ' '..'.' Oliyei\ was,. engaged .with the Steorer; a- pretty sfridt wa'toH proved to me that he visited her every: evening.aftershbp hours; and Oliver was changed in.'. every particular. Of me, his only intimate friend.^he had. grown .positively careless ; his: less' familiar,,a6quaintances remarked that something occupied him more 'than his usual studies ; he was absent at lectures, and took no heed of what was said of him; : Still for our old friendship's sake, I would not make the cause of his altered cbnduct public, knowing that it must make Oliver ridiculous.;, and I had 'scarcely' taken that resolution, when a new and Btr,arige light was thrown on thesubjeot by Mrs Mops, my bed-malcer. : .. '., , ? ; _/, ;- . . ., . ' '.'?.,;,' '.All who oharice to be, acquainted with college-life will; know what an indispensable functionary the bed-maker is to every student ; for she who -bears tnat;humble title is,: in fa'ot, the sole manager of his domestic affairs. Mrs Mops was a jewel of the kind, honest/ careful, and sober, of di^creob age, for she had been forty years at the bed-making business, arid jt.was her .boast-that she never did i for nobody but steady gentlemen.; ? Mrs , Mops had. a''disureet tougue^to.o— a gift rather rare, among the ladies ©f her calling — and as she officiated for Oliver as well sis for /tide, I.was somewhat startled by the good woman ay'ing* with a peculiar look when lighting my fire one evening *?. ' $1% I ax, sir, if anything strange has happened. to Mr Oakland?' , ;?.. ''Nothing that I know of. What makes you think there Jias?' said I, determined to hear all she had to say. ' -' ? ?.:.??;. . ' . -. c'Just .because he has taken to stich odd ways, not' iUco'himsblf at all; there ain't nothing wrong riot .unsteady, you , know, but just uncommon \\.- ?- Jfl .- . [' L:. ' -1 .- '-ar:.L ir ? J ? i 1 ? ? ;_?_ '!_ 1 Strange, J anu mrB iuojjh . uii'ppau uer voice boa ?vyiiisper.'./'He's never, at his books in the even ings, as he u?ed to be, and j can't find out where ho 'goes. : 'He's always a-thinking and a- talking to hims6lt ;?. it ain't ' learn'ngi sir, for ho laughs and whistles over it. But the strangest thing of all is what th'e gardener's wife tells me, that he's going ajjput, the coHqge- jgrounds at. all hours of the night. ay,)iV^he loneliest part of them, sir, where the old Dutch -summer-house stands among the willows beside.thBjuyer.', ;. .'. . .;..:; ; 1;I knep the-spot;fco which.Mrs Mops referred ; it is doubtless, improved or altered long ago ;; but at the time it was a neglected outlaying wine1 of the col lego-grouiids,,, deeply shaded by ancient willow-trees, in the ^niuist, of i ^hiph stood a 'solitary ~sutrim-r- nb'jip^ jnade.of ypod' Vn *ne old' Dutch pattern, with ? apagoda roof, and floor of colored tile-). What oould Qljyer.be doing thereat all hours of , the night? I ques tioned the gopd woman closely, got full (le tails, and ca!woito,the conclusion that my poor frierid!s reason was: dropping the., reins. Overstudy and .over-' anxiety were telling on hia strong arid active mind; here was the explanation of his visits to the Steerer, his coldnesstp myself, and all the change that had surprised liis fellow students. I dismissed Mrs Mops with a request for secrecy ; she manifestly thoughts I' did concerning' Oakland.;' had a .'great regard for him ; and being no gossip, would pro Cably keep her promise in that respect/ Then I . sat by tne nre, pitying, ms poor motner, nis poor Bessy,1 aitid wondering what I oiight to do as a fribnd urider.-the circumstances, till my brown study . was b rpl;en\i\piby; a , knock at my door, and in walked Oliver. iliimself. ,',,':,?. : ,. - . *? ? . ,'... Ho shook hands with me as warmly as if our frendshiphad never cooled, and took his accustomed seat' beside me. There was nothing wild or dis orderly in his look, but i I knew ho had something particulM- to sayj and ihe next momont it oamo : ?''Westwobd; y6u are the best, the only friend I ever had; I want you to help mo through a busi ? n^ss \yhieh few men hayo to do often. . .Bessy and I 4re! going to get married quietly 'arid quickly.- You ,*iiay std,ro,b'ut its triib : I hayp got the means to kpep f'2er handsomely ;'-'iuid Oliver's eyes se h'iod io daiice with joy. ' Don't bo alarmed ; I am in my t i^ht mind, Westwood; I have got my grand-uncle's long-lost mon y. Listen. The old fellow had hidden it undor the floor of.tho Dutoh summer-house, whore he xised t.6 ? sit day and . night, they say,, in his lator years; and left a sort of will written in Greek, the purest Attioi I assvire you, bequeathing the whole hoard to his ttext'of kin,- with- particular! directions where to. find iti ' The will— I don't know how- i-got into the hands of a dealer in waste paper, who sold it in a bale of his goods to our friend Cynthia, .many years ago.. I lam not sure that the old '.witch behind' tho, parti tion yonder don't use the like; in. the choice Havanas'. she makes .up; at any rate the bale-was bought.. and rny grand- uncie's.will in it. Tho ; Greek characters were, beyond :thb Steerer's scrutihy, but .the ,pld master had, written .his name, at full leiigShi'iri English letters on .the back ; and- either ;th.Je Fates, or the i faculty for scentirigout money, peculiar to loer Jewish race; made her keep it out of the Havanas, and safa in a private drawer; ? It 'appears that- -unfortunate f- llow ? who .got into trouble between, her and the bed-maker's daughter, and escaped them both by the brain fever, ?' gave i her an iriklinsf'bf its value,— by the b'yi; hecpuld. not1, have been a good Grecian,- or there should ' have ; been little for me to nhd.' So the Steorer took' to, . promis i'n^ riches and prosperity ; you remember her letters, of oourse, Westwood ; it must have been my -good genius that prompted me to make out what she ?meant by that.'- . . ? snough' of Oliyer's sanity; 'made love,; to . the sharming1 Cynthia over her shop-counter .; got , hold of the paper dad thereby of the. money.'; ... i ' That ,\yas exactly what I, did , .Westwood, ' and Oliver .winced as lie ' spokei' .''Ijfc was iiot strictly honorable, I'll allow, but what else was to: be done with the woman ? However. I have bought Beechly Farm,,'which will keep Bessy a')d me pomfOrtably, in my own ?'county.- ' My mother shall live with, us ; or if she can't agree with Bessy, though I think any body might, she'll have a cottage to herself at the end of the lane! .You arid, I will be neighbors, and I hope , friends, for the rest of our livb's ; but,' West wood, I must get. married-at. once.. _. If. . the ..thing., were; done, matters ymght be settled, with: the Steerer ; I have kept a decent surn to pay her off. Bessy away (There 'will be nobody butyourseliE at our ? wedding; my inother musB^knovy: nothing of the business tillit's done. Westwood, oaril reckon on you?' . ; .,'...?. ; ' That you ,. can,' said I, seeing that Oliver was. in, desperate haste, ; and in . ,; considerable fear of his charming Cynthia; : and in those green days of - mine, the course he pro: posed to'take seemed the readiest, if riot the mo -it 6ommendable. We talked over it till far in the night; gqt tae, lioence next day; and on a cojd, , drizzly mor-iing, the curate of Si. Peter's Church, .made Oliver and Bessy cne, .in presence of myself , and the clerk. I can't say on what excuse the assistant teacher got out so early ; but directly after the ceremony, she went back to the- Chappne In stitution, till Oliver could get the Steerer ? paid off, and make the fact of His marriage respectably public. ..:.??'. ?:? ; How'he went about the first part of the business, I never exactly learned, but ib appeared to' have been successfully managed; and when he called at iny rooms in the evening, Oliver was perfectly en thusiastic in the Steerer's praise. 'She stood it like an angelj' taid he. '?' I never imagined she could he so sensible and considerate; never scolded, never cried— though, between ourselves, a fit was the' least that I expected — but seemed to understand .at once that the thing was done, and aocepted it with un commonly good grace. By-tbe-by,' I paid her down two thousand pounds, in lieu of myself, you'll say; Well, Westwood, it's clear of one's conscience ; and I must tell you the old woman' was ? as friendly as Cvnthia ? shft knaw ftll about frho affair nf nnn-raa ? and between . them, they made me promise that Bessy and I should spend Saturday evening with them. ? A queer visiting-place for .a young bride; but they brought it about so that I could not refuse; arid Bessy is not like ordinary girls, to stand on a trifle. I have taken apartments in ' town, and written to my mother. I couldn't take Bessy home without knowing how she would be received : but I1 won't have her staying any longer with those old prig3.,at the, Institution. ' ' ^Oliver and I had a good deal of conversation regarding his prospects, which indeed seemed fair and pleasant. He did not tell me the exact sum he had found hidden under the colored tiles in the summer-house floor, but it riiust have been a hand some ono. He had bought Beechly Farm; a very comfortable property; told me how he would en large 'the house, lay out the grounds, have done with college-life, and spend the rest of his days in tho riianner of Palerion, now that he had found his Laviriia; With these fair hopes, Oliver went from me that night,, after exacting a promise that I would come to see him and Bessy at their new address on the following Sunday, for, till then, ho knew I must be busy with certain-reading that had to be done, ' and country cousins that were tot be shown' over Cambridge. ... . I Well, that Sunday came ; the reading and the lionising had been got through, and I was dressing |at an earlier hour than usual, when my room-door suddenly openod, and in rushed Oliver looking like ia ghost. 'Westwood!' he cried, 'for God's sake, come with me and see Bessy; she awoke this morn ing out of her mind. X nave sent tor three doctors, and they can do nothing for her. 0 my friend, come;, and tell ine what you think.' I went with him to a very respectable lodging, and there found poor Bossy stark niad. No .other terin could give an idea of her condition : she knew nobody, she recol lected nothing- hor husband, her marriage, her honeymoon, all were forgotten ; and hor incoherent ravings always reourrtyl to, soinetliing ab'putjtwo old women and wine. No cause covild be assigned for the sudden visitation. .. . 'She had been in good health and spirits on the proceding evening, which the new-married pair spent according. to promise with Miss Josephs and her nurse ; she retired to rest with out any noticeable change, and woke at the break of day in frantic madness.' . To mako a sad tale short : all that medioal skill arid experience could suggest wns tried for poor Bessy, l-ut tried in vain j her insanity was hopeless, and without one(lucid interval, nor could all the doctors eogagedthrow the.sinallest lightjon its cause. There was indoed a suspicion hinted at by pne, of our old prbr'ossbrs, and firmly believed by Oliver, that' somo drug, of pxtraordinaiy and, peculiar power, had been mixed with something which the unlucky bride had eaten or drunk in hcusb ' of her paid-otF rival. Whether the . suspicion wore true or not, the Steorer and.her nurse made a migiity show of regret and commiseration ; but their shop got deserted, and they left f Cambridge very quietly at the next quarter day. '? My pbbrj friend spent the rest of his days in the farm he had bought, and his mothor lived with him ; but his brido spent hers in a lunatic asylurri, where she survived him many a year, for ho died oarly, a man broken down and worn out before tho thrio ; arid so mubt end mv tale of Oliver Oak land. . ,, . . . A ooitREBPONDENT of the Aveniv National men tions thuc tlie Ltto, or authorised lottery, in-Ro(iie'j ? prpduces a conu.deruble revenue to the Pontifical Government. ' It is closed,' he adds, ' on cer tain iixed days, and. remains so until the drawing, hut irnuaedintely after the tevm.of legal gumbling baa oxpiro'l, tho petty or- sub lotteries. SicmgJ up like iriuBlirooma.; The other1 day the cohtraottir of one of these had tho impiideijce to pffor a young girl as a prize to he.rpfi^ed .fpj1. .'.The liqlieb. were till taken, but tUo affair wrtS thbaglit so soai/aaldus as to war rant the intervention of the polioe.' ' 