The Advertiser. MONDAY, MARCH 5, 1866. IT is not improbable that this week may witness the prorogation of Parliament, and for the following amongst other reasons. It is impossible to torn out the present Government. The equatters wfll keep them in to give effect to their two Concessions Bills, and the Opposi tion, knowing the titter hopelessness of the attempt to get up a crisis, will nurse their grievances for a more auspicious day. We admit that there would be little chance of so speed; a prorogation if there remained bat the ghost of a chance of a Ministerial capsize, but as there is no hope of that the Opposition will in all probability hasten the prorogation, and bide their time. Then, again, the Chief Secretary is anxious to get into recess, as he wants to go home, and he will assuredly use all his endea vors to push on the business. Further, there is a general longing for relief from the fatigues of legislation in such exhausting weather as we hare all experienced of late; and, finally, the public business is nearly concluded. There are only one or two items left yet unvoted in the Wave and Means, and there are very few matters of public importance. There are, indeed, Select Committees sitting upon questions of vital interest, but as it is perfectly impossible to report upon them this session— even if prolonged for another month — the Committees will, of course, be extinguished. The two Pastoral Bills arc the most impor tant measures at present remaining, bnt there is do likelihood that the struggle which for some weeks past has delayed the passing of the Leases Bill will be prolonged in respect to either of the two measures in their future stages. The Legislative Council could only muster three members to oppose the second reading of the Bill for extending leases, and it would therefore be sheer waste of time and obstructiveness to persist in opposing a majority of two or three to one. No opposi- tiou on the part of three persons can defeat a measure supported by such overwhelming odds, eo die matter may as veil be settled this week as nest. Then as regards the second Bill (that for remission of rent) the Government hare won. over nearly the whole of the Opposition by pro- Tiding that no lessee who accepts benefit under the one Bill, shall have any under the other- It has always been eaid, both in and oat of Par liament, that whilst some cases were best met by an extension of lease, others were best met by a remission of rent; and now that the leisee? are offered the alternative (but not both) the House of Assembly is much better satisfied, and there will be but little opposition to the principle of the Bill. By the way, we observe that the Register in its leader of Friday treated this idea of an alternative concession as a brilliant notion that had just simultaneously struck Captain Hart and Mr. Grlyde, and that the surprise completely enraptured Mr. Goode, puzzled Mr. Carr, and produced characteristic effects upon other hon. members, who could not conceive how such a clever thought could enter two heads at once, and so suddenly. The idea is, however, not new; but has been discussed before, and was specially recommended to the Government by Mr. Goode when the "resolutions" upon which the Bills are founded were under consideration. With reference to the security taken in the Bill that lessees shall not avail themselves of the concessions of both measures, we beg ia quote the words themselves, as introduced by the Attorney-General. The proviso is as follows:— " Provided that any orsuch pastoral lessees who eball re qnest or accept any benefit or advantage under this Act in respect of any leases contained in any of Ibe schedules shall not be entitled to any benefit or advantage under or by virtue of an Act madeand passed in the present session of Parlia ment, intituled •An Act to amend the lawa relating to the leasing of the Waste Lands ol the Crown for Pastoral Pur poses.* in respect of the same or any other leases con tained in the same schedule, nor until each lessee or lessees shall personally, or by an authorized agent, have made a declaration In the words or to the effect contained in the Schedule hereto annexed marked E." The schedule is as subjoined :— •• I, A. 8., of In the Province of Sonlh Australia, <Jo hereby declare that In accepting the remission of rent in respect of Pastoral Lease no. held by , viz., tbe remission of months' rent (or rent and assessment, as Vie case mag be], I do waive and abandon all right and cUlm to any extension of tenure to which I might otherwise have been entitled under or by virtue of an Act made and passed in the twenty-ninth year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, intituled ' An Act to amend the Lawe relating to the leasing of the Waste Lands of the Crown within the Province ol South Australia for Pastoral Purposes.'" We think the foregoing quite sufficient Tor the purpose, combining the double guarantee of a Parliamentary Statute and a personal con tract. But, although these provisions will enlist a large amount of support on the part of those who otherwise would hare opposed the measure, there is likely still to be some difficulty in dealing with the names in the schedules to the Bill, the Hon. T. Reynolds and several other members maintaining that the rich absentees and some others named therein have no claim or title to any remission of rent whatever, and that their names ought to be struck oat. These considerations will no doubt lead to discussion, but —as we said before—the modification intro duced by the Government has secured for the Bill a preponderating measure of support, and there is every probability that the measure will make rapid progress in both Houses. The other principal business is the Sale of Railways Repeal Bill, which is set down for its second reading on Wednesday, with a contin gent notice of motion by Mr. Strangways to suspend the Standing Orders and go through all its stages at once. Then there is the Hon. A. Blyth's adjourned motion relative to the North-parade at Port Adelaide; Mr. Goode'e. relative to three valuators (instead of one) being in future appointed to assess the runs; and a motion by Mr. Strangways on the subject of members of Parliament serving upon paid Com missions. This comprises all the business now before Parliament likely to be lengthily debated, although, of course, it is possible that new notices may be tabled, and the much-desired prorogation be yet further delayed. Still, even with this possibility, we can see land; and even if untoward circumstances necessitate a little heaving-to, the recess—that harbor of refuge to the weather-beaten voyagers of a prolonged and stormy session—will soon be entered. 