The Novelist. MORLEY ASHTON. CHAPTER XXX. ROSE AND DE. HERIOT. BY CAPTAIN JAMES GRANT. SUPPER was over in the cabin, and the little community there would soon be separating for the night, or "turning in," as it is technically named. " How brightly the itars are shining," said Rose, as she peeped up through the skylight. " Should you like to go on deck for a mo ment ?" asked Dr. Heriot, in a low Toice, as he hastened to her Bide. " Yes—for a moment only." " Take caie of chill," said Mr. Basset, warn ingly. " Take caro rather of yourself, Miss Hose, and, of all things, tako care of the doctor," said Captain Phillips, laughing. " Manfredi has charge of the deck; see how she is trimmed aloft. Report to me when you coma down, and then I'll turn in." Bose colored on hearing the captain's banter ing tones, as she threw a shawl over head and shoulders, took the doctor's ready arm, and hastened up the companion-stair. Ethel smiled sadly at her joyous and girlish sister, for she had seen how the intimacy be tween the young doctor and Bose had been ripening, and she wondered, or speculated <r, how they would separate when the tedious voyage was over. Then she thought of Morley Ashton, and the fatal blight that had fallen so awfully and mysteriously upon her own first lore. "Miss Basset," said Hawkshaw, rising, " would you wish " " "To go on deck ? Oh, no thank you," said ■he hurriedly, anticipating and replying to his offer without looking up from I Prometri Spoti. Hawkshaw seated himself again, and bit his lip, while that malignant gleam which filled his ejes at the time shot from them covertly and unseen. lie made one other effort to engage her in conversation, by saying, in a low voice, as he stooped orer her— " Your sad smiles, Ethel, go straight to my heart, with an effect, believe me, that is cruel— killing!" " Why! it seems that 'I can smile, and mur der while I smile,' as Shakespeare says. Is it ■o?" " Bantering—bantering still—even here, when on the verge of destruction, perhaps!" muttered Hawkshaw, as he drew back with another fierce but covert gleam in his stealthy eyes; and Ethel never lifted hers again from her book, until a noise on deck aroused her. Rose clung closely and affectionately to the doctor's arm, as they traversed the quarter- deck towards the taffroil, and turned to look at the ship, at the sky over head, through which the wild black scud* was driving, and on the mys terious world of water and of darkness through which the was careering under a press of canvas. Encouraged by Rose's ready accession to his request the young man held her right hand in his, *nd pressed it tenderly to his heart. There was uone near them save the man at the wheel; for it was about the middle of the first watch, or nearer eleven o'clock. Rosa had a presentiment that a crisis waa approaching in her relations with the young doctor. The somewhat annoying banter of Captain Phillips, the affectionate warnings of Ethel, and the praises of him so loudly sung by her old nurse, had all, in a manner, prepared her for it, as much as the steady and delicate attention he paid herself. Nightly, when Rose retired to rest in that little cabin, which seemed so small, the first night they occupied it, Nance Folgate was wont to chant her praises of the handsome doctor. " Lor' a mussy me!—for a Scotchman—he it such a sweet dispositioned youth, Miss Rose. Ob, yes! now, ain't he, miss ? He gives me no end o' cordials and stuffs when I'm in low spirits, which are often the case, 'specially when it blows 'ard, and the ship tumbles about. There is such a modesty in all his words and ways— now, ain't there ? If I waa a fine young gal like you, instead o' bein' a poor old toothless thing, I would love him, that I would, when I saw how much he loved me—he is such a nice young man, is the doctor. Bnt why don't you answer, mias ?" If Rom did not reply to such rhapsodies as these, it was not because she disagreed with them; but her young heart was wild with plea sure, and she often affected to be asleep that ■he might conceal her flushing cheek on her pillow. But if the young doctor hod won over the old nurse, it was just as he had won over the quiet and unaffected Mr. Quail, or any one else, as he was a good obliging fellow, and fond of doing kind offices for all. So Rose, yielding to an irresistible impulse, assented to a Utecl-ttte on deck on the night in question. After a silence of some minutes— " How strange it is," said Rose, in her soft, sweet voice, " that amid the wind which moans through the rigging, I seem to hear the sound of bells." "Bells?" " Or is it from the bottom of the sea ?" " Don't say so, Rose," replied Heriot. This sounded strange in both their ears, a* he had never simply called her so before; yet the implied familiarity was not without its novelty and charm. " Why may I not say so ?" she asked. "It is an old superstition of our Scottish sailors that tho bells of wrecks and sunken ships are rung by mysterious hands at the bottom of the sea, to announce storms and disasters." "Ah, but you Scots are so superstitious; you live in a land of omens and ghosts, pre dictions and dreams, even in these fast railway times." '• Yet I would that we were in Scotland now." said Heriot, with a sigh, as he thought of the doubts and clouds that veiled the future. "Wo ?" repeated Rose, inquiringly, while peeping from her hood or shawl, so that the light of the binnacle lamps fell full on her sweet young face, 'and very beautiful the dark-eyed girl looked. " Yes, we," reiterated Heriot, whose heart was rushing to his head as he held, unresistcd, hn plump little hands in his. " I wish to speak with you, Rose, to—to—l have so long desired '-f-do you—do you care for me, Rose, dear Rose?" " Care for you!" she repeated, faintly. " Con you love me, dear, dear Rose, as I love £011 ?" " yes," said Rose in a whisper, as her head dropped on Heriot's shoulder, and his lips were pressed o,n her throbbing brow, for now the great secrefwas and all her poise* beat with .a new happAtt. A few moments of joyous silence followed. Then, crossing the deck to leeward, they were more in obscurity, and, fortunately for them, Manfredi at that moment went forward, so Heriot pressed Rose to his breast, and said, in a low, earnest, and agitated voice— " But Rose—my beloved Rose ; to what end do I love you?—to what purpose ?—how taught you to love me ? We are to land you at the Isle of France, and then sail on through the Indian seas—to leave you—leave you there, for I have no home—no settled abode." ("Papa's daughters are unlucky in their lovers," thought Rose.) She replied however, while tears of apprehension filled her eyes — " Why cannot you leave the ship ? Sailing with it to and fro must be very tiresome." "Leave it?" " Yes, and live with us in the Isle of France." " lire with you, Rose ?" said Heriot, with sad perplexity. "Settle, I mean—at least while papa is there." " I cannot, ercn if I had the means. lam bound to the owners and to Captain Phillips, for this voyage at least, unless the Hennionc procures another medical officer." "At Singapore?" Heriot smiled sadly at Rose's simplicity. " Ah, yes —that will be delightful! and if poor dear Morley Ashton, who is dead, were here with us now, how happy Ethel and we should all have been!" exclaimed Rose, while nursing herself into a mood of the most prosperous cheer fulness, as her happy young spirit soared into a bright world all her own, and Heriot cares singly slipped a ring on her " engagement" finger, whispering in her car— " It was my mother's, Rose—wear it, at all events, for her sake and mine." Another kiss and the bond was sealed. Then Rose, in a tumult of joy that could only find Tent in tears, hurried below, with her head in clined on Ethel's bosom, told her of all that had passed between Leslie Heriot and herself—a pretty little narrative, interspersed with hesita tions; smiles, and blushes, till they were startled by the wild hubbnb that reigned on deck, where a terrible catastrophe had occurred. Chaptbb XXXI. i . MA2T OVBBBOABn! A suddsk squall, and a sea which heavily swept over the poop with a shower of blinding spray, that hissed away amidships, had first driven Bose and Heriot below, and just as they retired hand in hand, they heard the voice of Manfredi, shouting through the wild blast — " Below there! all hands ahoy! come tumble up to take in sail ?* Then the men were heard grumbling and swearing as they hurried half-dressed out of the forecastle bunks,to assist the watch; next fol lowed the orders "to let go," "haul down," * clew up/ amid the cracking and flapping of the canvas, as the topsails were lowered almost to the raps ; the royals and topgallant sails taken off her; firing jib and studding soils all in in a twinkling, though for a time the wind howled fearfully, and the ship careened before its fierce breath almost on her beam ends. Little more than steering canvas was left upon her, for wild and black was the Atlantic squall that had come suddenly over her, accompanied by torrents of rain, that rattled on deck, like a tempest of rouncival peas, while ever and anon the red light ning flashed vividly at the horizon, but still the brave ship flew on. "By the sky to-day I knew we should have a gale to-night," said Captain Phillips, cheerfully, as he donned his storm jacket of shiny oilskin and came on deck. " * A mackerel sky and gray mares' tail*, Make lofty ships carry lowly sails.' A glorious sailor is Manfredi! How smartly he had all the cloth off her. But we'll need our best umbrellas to-night." Suddenly, from the forecastle, through the many wild sounds of the squall, there came the appalling cry— " A man overboard! hard down! hard down!" Other shouts followed. " Ahoy! heave over the life-buoy! mainsail to the wind! Clear away a boat!" Captain Phillips grasped his trumpet; Mr. Quail —who had just turned into bis berth with his clothes on, " all standing"—Dr. Heriot, and Hawkshaw sprang on deck at this new alarm. " Hard down with the helm!" cried Phillips; "to the braces, men ! let go, and haul! Back with the mainyard! ready the starboard quarter boat, and cut away the life-buoy!" The mainsail was speedly laid to the mast, though there was great danger lest, in such a gale, it might be carried away entirely, and, in the excitement of the moment, even the most sullen of that ill-assorted crew worked cheerily and well. Alternately the huge ship rose and sank on the mighty rolling waves ; and now the spray flew from stem to stern over her in white and blinding sheets, plashing over her courses, and hissing under the arched leaches of the bellying sails. Upheaved she rose on the foaming surge one moment, to sink down in to the yawning trough of the sea the next, loose spars, buckets, hand spikes, and everything else adrift, going to lee ward, and overboard. A faint but despairing cry came from the waves; another followed, as the drowning man, struggling hard for existence, rose on the white, foamy crest of a wave, and then tank for ever into the black and gaping bosom of the midnight sea. Then, after some minutes of the most painful and lingering suspense, the captain, the doctor, and others, came to the conclusion that all was over, and that the poor victim must have perished, for it was found impossible to lower a boat with safety, or with the least hope of success, in such a sea or squall. 11 Fill the mainyard, Mr. Foster," said the captain to the second mate. And he sighed bitterly as ho spoke, for John Phillips was a kind and good hearted man. " God receive the poor fellow! We could do nothing more. Let the ship lie her course ; muster the hands aft, please, and see who is missing." The yard heads were filled ; the vessel's bow fell off from the wind, and there was less strain upon her now, and less spray broke over her, as she tore through the sea at liberty. Aft the mizenmast the drenched seamen muttered. " Boy Joe! steward! bring a lantern," said the captain. And now, by its weird light, were to be seen the two dark and sullen Barradas; Bill Badger, the bulky and insolent Yankee; the square, squat, and ugly Sharkey, with his head bandaged up; the Messieurs Brewser, Batter, Cribbet, and others of that remarkable crew. "Arc all present, Mr. Quail?" asked the captain, as the mate passed the lantern along the dripping line. " AU except one, oir," replied Mr. Quail, whose face wore a very ashy hue and alarmed expres sion. "Who is it?" " Mr. Manfredi, sir—he is nowhere on deck." " 'Twashis watch, was it not?" said Phillips, starting. " Ye«, sir." " Good heavens, can it be ?" exclaimed the captain, in an agitated voice, as the threat of Sharkey occurred to him. "If there has been foul play to-night, I say woe to the prepetrator of it!" Some one now uttered a snorting laugh in the dark. " Let us search below," said the doctor, tak ing the steward's lantern, and proceeding to examine in person. He did so, and soon returned to report that no trace of Adrian Manfredi could be found, so the crew were dismissed. " Who was the person that called oat, Man overboard? —who saw him last?" demanded the captain, as they descended to the cabin. " I did, sir," said Joe, the steward, as he closed the door. " I was stowing the jib in its netting with Pedro Barradas," he continued, in a low voice, as if afraid to be overheard. " Mr. Manfredi was standing on the top-gallant fore castle, holding on by a rope, and directing us. Our heads were stooped over our work, when all of a sudden we heard a cry. On looking one way, I saw him falling into the sea; on looking another, I saw a man in his shirt-sleeves, armed with a capstan-bar, slipping down into the fore castle bunks." " A man ?" repeated the listeners. "Did he strike him overboard?" asked the captain. " We supposed so," replied Joe, in a whisper, and glancing furtively at the skylight. "We?" " That is, Pedro Barradas and I. He laughed t» " The mutinous villain!" " And tried to stop me from shouting to put the helm down." " Did you see the man's face ?" "No, sir." •' Who did you think he was—speak!" said Captain Phillips, perceiving that Joe, a fat, good-natured fellow, with flabby cheeks, and large boiled- looking gray eyes, hesitated through fear, "speak!" "Ism frightened, in this ship, almost to say who I thought he was." " In this ship—right! Was it, Sharkey, eh ?" The steward's teeth chattered. He again glanced fearfully at the skylight, and gave a nod in the affirmative, and the captain struck his right heel on the floor. ." There has been murder committed on board to- night—yes, a most foul murder!" he con tinued, turning by a mere coincidence to Hawk shaw, who, on hearing the terrible word, grew deadly pale, and trembled violently from head to foot. "Would to heaven that I had only half-a- dozen good hard-a-weather English sea men, to keep this colored lot in order. Even lascars of the lowest caste were better than what we have!" The consternation in the cabin was very great, and the conversation continued below, and the storm above, till Mr. Quail, with many unpleasant forebodings, went on deck to relieve the watch at four o'clock a.m., when the wind began to abate, and the sea to go down. Chares XXXTT, THX UTTD PACK. Ths event of the night shed a gloom, a horror, over all in the cabin next day ; nor was the alarm in the breasts of Captain Phillips and his mates in the least soothed, when it was re marked that the cook's grindstone was kept at work all the forenoon, and a most ominous sharpening of sheath and clasp-knives went on, while sundry joke* were uttered audibly about " Mister Manfreddy having gone on a visit to Mr. David Jones and old Mother Cary—without his umbrella, too;" " and the rain a fallin' like Niagairy," as Badger, the Yankee, added, with a diabolical grin. The morning sky was gray and cloudy; a heavy sea was still on, and not a sail was in sight, so Captain Phillips swept the horizon with his telescope in vain. At breakfast Ethel and her sister were in* formed that Mr. Manfredi had fallen overboard in the night, and been drowned. No hint of foul play was given them, at their father's special request; but they wept and mourned for the poor young fellow, of whom they now recalled to memory so many pleasing traits and anecdotes; among others, the sad story of his little brother, Attillio, who had been so savagely shot by the Austrian* at Fistoja. His seat at table, his place in the cabin were empty; his face and form were no longer seen, and his step and voice were no longer heard. The suddenness of the catastrophe seemed most difficult of realization; and the words of Dana, in a passage of one of his works, which Dr. Heriot pointed out to Bose, came painfully and truthfully home to all their hearts. " Death is at all times solemn, but never so much so as at sea. A man dies on shore; his body remains with his friends, and the mourners go about the streets; but, when a man falls overboard at sea and is lost, there is a sudden ness in the event, which gives it an air of awful mystery. Then at sea you miss a man so much. A dozen men are shut up together in a little bark upon the wide, wide sea, and for months and months see no forms and hear no voices but their own ; but one is suddenly taken from among them, and they miss him at every turn. There are no new forms or faces to fill up the gap. There is always an empty berth in the forecastle, and one more wanting when the small night-watch is mustered. There is one less to take the wheel, one less to lay out with you upon the yard. You miss his form and the sound of his voice—for habit had made them almost necessary to you, and each of your senses feels the loss." "So we shall never see him again—never!" said Ethel, with her eyes full of tears; "so kind, good, and gentle!" " And so handsome, too!" added Bose. " A better seaman never trod a deck," sighed Mr. Quail. "Damnation!" was the singular addendum of Captain Phillips, through his clenched teeth, when thinking of the secret he had not revealed, and the crime which, as yet, he dared not at tempt to punish. So Ethel put past I Promesri Spori, which had Manfredi's name written on a fly-leaf of the first volume, as the relic of a friend with whom she had spent many happy hours, whom she never more could see, and on whose vast tomb, the boundless ocean, she almost shuddered to look —for was not Morley Ashton sleeping there too? So the gloomy day passed slowly on, and night came on* • Betted to their little cabin, Ethel and Bose were disrobing for rett—Nance Folgate had long since gone to deep—and now, relinquishing the •ad subject of Manfredi, Bose, with a blush on on her charming face, was detailing to Ethel, for the second time, her interview with Leslie Heriot, whose ring—containing a large Scottish pearl, set with diamonds—glittered on the en gaged finger of her left hand. " And you are sure that you lore him, Bose," said Ethel, as she took her sister's face caress ingly and affectionately between her soft hands. " Dearly, devotedly," was the energetic reply. " How could I otherwise, when he is such a kind, darling fellow—and so handsome, too?" " Have you weighed well the probabilities of the future?" " What do you mean, Ethel dear ?" " What papa may think ?" " Oh, Leslie will speak to papa to-morrow, or on the next day, at latest." Ethel smiled sadly at her sister's confidence. " Our Toyage will soon be OTer, dear Bose," said she, shaking her head seriously. " Once round the Cape of Good Hope, we shall be speedily at the Isle of France, and then your dream of joy will hare an end—a rough awak ing ; not so sad as mine, but a gloomy reality, and a doubtful future, nevertheless." Poorßose's usually merry eyes now filled with large tears, and she permitted the braids of her fine dark hair, which her slender fingers were wreathing up for tbe night, to roll down in unheeded masses over her bare bosom and back, which shone white as the newfallen snow drift, in the light of the cabin lamp that swung above her. "And Jack Page—poor Jack Page!" said Ethel smiling, to arouse Bose's spirit; "is he quite forgotten—eh ?" "Oh, brother Jack Page!" replied Bose, crimsoning, and with the faintest tinge of irrita tion in her tone, as she proceeded rigorously to knot up the masses of her black hair. "He was a pleasant enough fellow to flirt with, or play I croquet with at Laurel Lodge (dear old Laurel Lodge! ah, hearens! Ethel, shall we ever see it again?) He was a good fellow for fishing or sailing on the mere " " And to botanize with, and to gather wild flowers on Cherrywood Hill," added Ethel, a little maliciously. " Tea; but he gave himself such insufferable airs after he became a rifle volunteer; and as for loving him, I should almost as soon think of loving your adorer, the gallant Oaptaiu Hawk shaw. By the by, ho* taciturn he has become of late." "Perhaps he finds his task a hopeless one," •aid Ethel, with a haughty smile. "He teems quite changed somehow," said Bose, slipping into bed, "does he not, Ethel dear?" Why don't you speak to me?" added Bose, with a sudden alarm, and springing from her berth, on perceiving her sister pale and mo tionless, her lips parted, her dark eyes dilated with terror, and their gaze fixed on the little circular window of their cabin, which was simply a pane of thick glass, about nine inches in diameter, framed in an iron ring, and secured by a powerful bolt. Bose gazed in the same direction, and beheld, to her intense dismay, the whole aperture filled by a human face— a man's apparently—pale, livid, green, and distorted, as viewed through the coarse crystal, with large keen eyes, that glared upon them. Whoever the person was that dared thus to violate their privacy, he occupied a position of extreme peril, for the little window in question was below the plank sheer of the ship, and con siderably abaft tbe mizen chains, so that the eavesdropper must have been swinging alongside, almost with his heels in the foam that boiled under the ship's counter. Could the sea give up it* dead ? Was it a spectre —Manfredi, or Morl«y Ash ton? Buch were Hose's first ideas, as she clung in terror to her rigid, but more resolute sister, who sprang forward and rainly attempted with her d-.licate hands to wrench round the bolt, and open the little window; but at that moment a fierce and sardonic smile seem to spread over that livid and distorted visage, which instantly vanished, and then nothing was seen through the aperture but the vast sea that rolled in the starlight far away. "Papa—Nurse Folgate!" screamed Bose; but the old woman slept like one of the seven sleepers. " Hush!" said Ethel, " 'twas only some inso lent seaman ; but we must prevent a recurrence of this," she added, as she rapidly hung a specie* of curtain over the window. " Good heavens, Bose! to think how often this may have happened before, and we in total ignorance of it; but the captain shall be told in the morning." " Ob, Ethel!" exclaimed Bose, " how terrified lam." "Why?" " At first I thought it was his ghost" "Whose?" " Poor Mr. Manfredi's." "Nonsense, child!" " A ghost on board of a ship, how dreadful that would be! Almost as bad as a fire, for there would be no escaping from it." Inspired by natural emotions of doubt, Ethel opened the door and peeped out into the great cabin. All was still and quiet there, at least no thing was heard but the jarring of the rudder in its case, and of the brass swings of the lamp and tell-tale compass, with the heavy creaking of the ship's timbers, the back-wash under the counter* and one other sound, to which she had become pretty familiar about this time—to wit, the pro found snoring of Mr. Quail, as he lay at full length on the cabin locker, with his peaeoat spread over him, and his sou-wester at hand, ready to relieve the deck when the middle-watch was called. She secured the door, perhaps more carefully than usual. She knelt down by Hose's side to say her prayers, after which they retired together, but lay long awake, conversing of that future, the events of which, happily, they could so little foresee, until they dropped asleep, Bone with her charming face half pillowed on Ethel's snowy shoulder. All remained still in the ship; but while the two sisters slept with arms entwined, each "hushed like the callow cygnet in its nest," anxious hearts were watching over them eke where ; and they formed the subject of a some what nnsual, but animated, discussion among the seamen—a discussion of which, as yet, they were happily iguorant. Chafteb XXXIII. WHAT TOT DOCTOR OVEEHEABD IN THE POKS CISTLB BrNKS. Thz lore he bore Bose, the love that she per mitted him to bear, and which she so fully reci procated, together with the regard and esteem he had for the grave, gentle Ethel, "and good, easy Mr. Basset, increased the anxiety with which the young Scotch surgeon beheld the growing discontent of the crew. On deck, he more than once had heard them conferring in most unpleasant terms about the disappearance of the third mate, and, in reply to some remark of Sharkey's, Zuares Barrralas laid with a cunning twinkle in his eyes— " Bneno !pa*o apato va lejot." "Wot the devil does that mean, shipmate? Avast with your Spanish, Carn't you speak tbe Queen's English?" " Well, it means that ' step by step goes far.' Manfredi is gone; a little spell and we shall hare it all our own way," replied the Spanish- American, as he hitched up his trowsers and slunk forward. " These rascals are decidedly up to something —or whence all this skulking about, this whisper ing in gangs, and knife-sharpening," said Heriot to the captain. " The grindstone has never been idle all day," observed Mr. Quail, who was looking, as the captain remarked, " rather white about the gills in consequence." After a long conference in the cabin, Dr. Heriot' offered, there being no moon about the middle of the first night-watch, to creep forward to the forecastle bunks, where, in defiance of orders, the crew now kept a light burning after sundown, and endeavour to over-hear their conversation. The duty of acting eavesdropper was not a pleasant, but, in this instance, a most necessary one. The first night Heriot attempted this, he failed to get forward unseen; but on the second, as the atmosphere, though very cloudy, was fine, and the ship under easy sail was going large, that is with the wind abaft the beam, which careened her slightly to port, Heriot, armed with a sharp bowie-knife, concealed in his breast, so as to be ready for any emergency (for if discovered by the watch he might be sent overboard after poor Manfredi) crept for ward on the lee-side, keeping his head close under the bulwarks, and in the shadow. The men of the watch were all grouped to windward, smoking with their backs against the longboat, and the steersman could see little eke than the lights that glared in the binnacles, and the ship's canvas, that towered aloft be tween him and the sky. Through the two yolksof dense, thick glass that admitted light to the forecastle bunks, in which the seamen had their chests and berths, he could see nothing, save that they had, as usual with them, in defiance of the captain's order, a lamp or lantern, the light of which glared as from two bull's-eyes upon the forehatchway, the foot of the foremast, the gallows-bitts abaft it, the skuttle-but, and so forth. These two lines of light had the effect of rendering the rest of the deck dark, thus favor ing the purpose of Heriot, who reached unseen the forecastle, and crept along it, until he found himself close to th« coaming of the scuttle, or small square hatchway, which gave access thereto, whence there ascended into the pure saline atmosphere of the midnight sea a combi nation of odours that were neither of Araby nor of Ind, for more than a dozen of dirty, tarry, uuwashed, and uncombed specimens of those seamen usually denominated "colored," the most ruffianly of their class, such as may be seen lounging and loafing about the quays and grog-shops of Liverpool and Birkenhead, were all seated closely round a chest, which was lashed by ringbolts to the deck, and formed the table, whereon they had supped on scalding-hot " scouse" from a greasy wooden kid; and the fumes of this savoury mess yet mingled with the tar with which their clothes were saturated, and the coarse^ tobacco in which they were all indulging freely, by means of pipes, quids, and cigarettes. A ship's lantern, in which a candle sputtered, shed a wavering light through the perforated tin upon the black hair, massive frontal bones, and square jaw of Pedro Barradas, and on his coarse, leather- like ears, in which a pair of silver rings were glittering ; on the dark olive face of his brother, Zuares, a villain of a more pleasing type only because he was a younger and hand somer ; on the cruel, sardonic visage, the keen eyes, hooked nose, and enormous chin, and tangled elf-locks of Bill Badger, the long-legged and ungainly Yankee; on the huge head and giant hands of the odious Sharkey, who sat with his cheeks between his hands, his elbows planted on the chest, and his eyes that, from under the bloody bandage encircling his temples, glared at each speaker alternately ; and on all the rest of the ill- selected crew—fell the lantern's dim un certain ray, bringing some forward into light, and leaving others almost in shadow. Though quite sober, forasyet they had no mnans for procuring alcohol, they generally all spoke at once, and were engaged in an angry dispute, which, however, they were still cautious enough to conduct with suppressed voices. Pedro Barradas grasped in his left hand an old dice-box, which was served round with spun yarn, and two suspicious-looking dice were rattled in it from time to time. At the moment that Heriot peeped in, it would seem as if our Spanish-acquaintance sud denly lost his temper. His black eyes filled with fire, his swarthy cheek grew livid and pale, he showed all his sharp white teeth like a dog about to bite, and striking his drawn knife into the lid of the chest, round which they were all grouped, and with a for:* of action that made them all shrink back, he uttered a tremendous oath, and said, in a low, hoarse voice— "Itis agreed, then, that we take the ship, and make all the people aft walk the plank. Am I to understand this ?" " Yes, yes," from all hands, was the reply; "and all must walk the plank to leeward." "Except the women," suggested the Cana dian seaman, named Bolter. "In course we shall keep them!" said Badger, laying a long and dirty finger on one side of his hawk nose, and closing an eye wickedly; " and take very partikkr care o' the darlings, too." "We take the ship," resumed Pedro Barra das, speaking good English, and with an air of authority ; " and then we shall run her on her own account. "How?" asked one. "In the slaving or piccarooning line, or any thing else that comes to hand." " But where to?" asked the Canadian, who seemed a man of doubts. " Anywheres, darn your nutmeg of a head !" growled the Yankee ; " anywheres, -arter we has had a jolly spree ashore." " On what shore, mate ?" " On the coast ov Africy, in course ; but not afore, mate—not afore, I calc'late." " Come, now, I likes tliis," observed Sharkey, putting in his voice; "if water and wittles runs short, we may overhaul an Ingeeman, howeward bound, or an Australian liner " " With sojers aboard, mayhap," said Bolter; " so what will you dew then ?" " Hail or signal for a boat, to be sure, and sink it to leeward, with a cold shot through iU riba. Shout that it has been twamped under the counter, and to tend another, and another, and bo knock 'em all on the head. Then run her aboard, take all out of her—the women, too, if any—then •cuttle or burn her." " A game jou won't play long athout being overhauled by some cussed mau-o'-war," said the Canadian. "I tell you, mates, the old piratical times hare been put out o' fashion long since. Even the slaving business is knocked up by them blazing smoke-jacks and gun-boats of the African squadron. The sea ain't wot it was, mates, -when old Kidd sailed the Vulture down the Channel, with a skull and marrow-bones flying at his foremast-head." "Hooray!" I'll ship with you, Barradas," cried another. " Grog for the drinking, a grab at these gals, and the pick o' the good things in the passengers' trunks and cabin-lockers." " And till that time comes," added Bharkey, "we'll work Tom Cox's traverse with old Phillips—that we shall. Precious little work he'll get out of me." " But I don't like asm* the knife or planV, if they could be done athout, mabet," said the Canadian, ponderingly. " The Reverend Muter Ben Bolter, a Methody parson, '11 offer up a blessin' over the empty mess-kid," sneered the Yankee. " Par todot t%iUot" growled Pedro Barradas, giving the Canadian a glance of profound scorn, whilcZuares uttered a shrill and ferocious laugh. " I say, cooky," said Sharkey, in a way which he supposed to be very jocular, " as Ben Bolter don't like the stickin' business, couldn't you put summit tasty into the mess-kid o' the cabin passengers, and pi'son the whole bilin' o' them ? I hare known o' such things, being done afore now, and many other things, too, that never appeared in the ship's log. Hare you any Cala bar beans aboard?" "Yaas," replied the cook, with a regular negro grin, for he was a black Virginian, named Quaco; " dere's a bagful in de hold. Why ?" " I have known of a handful, put in a copper of pea-soup, doing fore a whole ship's crew afore now." "When?" "In the Gulf of Florida once, and again among the Coral Islands, in the Pacific. Aye, aye, mates, I hare seen tome rum sprees in my time." " And you are likely to see more, added the Yankee, " ere this cussed old craft gets her an chors over the bows, and her ground tackle rove. Ha! ha! But as for the pi'son, you darned fool, wot of old Basset's gals ? We wants 'em partik'lar, you know. So avast with your Cala bar beans. I guess, mate, you're up a tree rayther." Sharkey was abashed into silenje. - " And that Scotch doeter," said a gaunt, un healthy-looking seaman, named Cribbit, who had not yet spoken, and who so frequently re quired Henot's medical aid, that he had im bibed half the contents of his medicine-chest, " must he, too, walk the plank ?" " In course he must," drawled Bill Badger, stuffing an enormous quid in the inmost recesses of his capacious mouth. No, no, denxonio, no!" said the elder Barradas; "we must keep him alive so long as we Want him. We can't physic ourselves, companerot, especially if fever come* aboard, which it is likely to do, if we hug the land." " But in physicking us, he might poison the whole blessed gang," suggested the Canadian. "No fear of that. We'll hare him chained to the mainmast, and if a man dies in his hands, then el tenor doctor de medieema shall be tipped overboard after the others." " Thank you, my Spanish patrone," Thought Heriot, who had listened to all this with blood that alternately boiled and curdled ; " a pleasant little medical practice you are likely to find me here ?" " Mayhap that fellow, Hawkshaw, would join us ?" suggested the Canadian again. "He, the white-livered Perro!" exclaimed Pedro. " I long to have my Albacete knife between his ribs. Til teach him to play off quarter-deck airs with me, the God-abandoned Piccaro! Well, is it agreed that, instead of letting old Phillips haul up for Table Bay, we keep the ship off the land whether he will or will not; take her before we are abreast of La Tierra de Natal; hug the coast of Africa after; have a run through the Mozambique Channel, and then stand right across the Indian Sea for whatever we may overhaul ?" i A unanimous clapping of very hard and very dirty hands responded heartily to this pro* gramme. " Now, Pedro, the dado* (dice)," said Zuares, impatiently. " Yes, mates, the dice!" added the Yankee, setting his chin, which was like a shoemaker's knife, upon his knees, and clasping his hands over his ankles, so that he squatted on his hams like a huge baboon. "Hooray! the old Her miney has been trimmed by the starn since she caw Dungeness Light; but we'll trim her by the head arter we doubles the Cape—eh, mates ? So now to draw lots for them two pretty cree tun, as I calc'late is just agoin' to bed about this blevsed time. Think o' that, mates! I'm a thorough-bred Yankee—half bull, half shark, with an uncommon cross of the snake ; so I'm blowed if I can wait a most till we leave Table Bay astarn and bear up towards Natal. But rattle away, Pedro, my bay!— Captain Pedro that is to be, I reckon." The blood of the young Scotchman grew c old as he listened, longing for a brace of loaded revolvers, that he might shoot down the whole band; but the talkative Yankee began his nasal drawling again. " How I'd like to have one of 'em under a big palmtree in some snug diggin' on the Africy coast, or in a wigwam on the Mozambique, thatched with leaves, no topsails to reef o' nights, and notliin' to do all day, but keep on admiring her, and swigging the grog old ! Phillips has aboard, or blowing a whiff of baccy j —eh, mates? Jeerusalem!—that's summit like : life, I calc'late!" ! " Morte de Diotf* swore Pedro Barradas, with a very dark look; " haul in your slack, and be hanged to you! There are other things than the two girls worth casting lots for!" " Is there really, now ?" drawled Badger. " I was looking into the senoraa' cabin the other night, and saw them going to bed. I saw lovely neck and shoulders, and all that; but I saw more, I can tell you, eompanerot !" " Smitemy timbers!" " Shiver my tawpeails!" " Darn my eves !" " Oh, Jeerusalem! And what did you see ?" asked several all at once. " A splendid jewel-case," replied the Spaniard, while an avaricious gleam sparkled in his dark eyes ; " a box with diamond rings for the cars and fingers; carbuncles, turquioses, and to pazes, in bracelets and necklets, all glittering on the trays of blue and crimson velvet. So he who loses the girls should have a chance ' ■" " Of grabbing the jewels," interruptedßadger j " in ooane he should—in course!" " Jewell or not," said Zuares Barrada», laugh* ing, when he rolled up a fresh cigarito, " I'll teach one senora, at least, that it is no longer here mira y no Mat, as they say in Minorca." " Which means in your cussed lingo ?" asked Bolter. "' Look at me, but touch me not!' replied the young Spaniard, with a grin. "I'm raythcrpertiklar," observed Mr. Badger, " and I might do neither one nor t'other, if I wor in Minorky." " Ay, mate; but if you saw the Minorca girls in their robazillas of white lace or silk, pinned under their pretty dimpled chins, and falling over their shoulders, to be lifted at times by the wind only as if to show the low bodice and rounded bosom beneath— hombre. " Here is a sentimental young villain, with an eye for the picturesque!" thought Heriot " Now, then, the dados," said Pedro, rattling the dice-box. " I throw myself first." " Maladetto, Pedro!" interrupted Zuares. " Content yourself with rum and plunder \ you are too old and crank for either of these girls to be pleased with you." " Yaya titled al Salamotl" responded his affectionate elder brother. " The girls, at all events, are not too young for me to be pleased with them. I am not more th«i forty, you son of a burnt cattano !" " Take the old nurse, Pedro—you'll have her a free gift, gratis, all for nothin', and Badger* blessing into the bargain. If one o' theie gals falls to me," continued the talkative Yankee, " I reckon I must get shaved by the doctor, and be fixed anew ; have my 'air swabbed down with some o' the cook's slush, and a hextra pull up o' my shirt collar—eh, mates ?" Amid the ferocious laughter, which these and similar remarks drew forth, and while the dioe box rattled on the sea-chest lid, Dr. Heriot withdrew, and crept aft, just as he had done forward, by keeping close under the lee-bul warks. Beaching the companionway unseen, he slipped down stairs, with a burning brain and an aching heart—a heart sick and sore with apprehension fcr others rather than for himself; and now, with his ear tingling with counties* ooaree oaths, obscenities, and foul jokes, which, of course, have been omitted in our relation of the remarkable discussion he had overheard, he sought at once the cabin of Captain Phillips, to communicate the dreadful game that was on the tapit in the forecastle of the ill-fated Her* mione. (to be continued ih out KJurr.l 