NEWS BY THE MAIL BY the arrival of the A.S.N. Co.'s s. Telegraph we have received files containing the latest items of European and American news brought by the P. and N.Z.B.M. Co.'s steamer Kaikoura. We take from them the following (From the Panama Star, July 11.) FRANCE. There is little news from France. The progress of events in Germany engrosses the attention of all to the exclusion of all things. The ordinary budget has passed through the Corps Legislatif by a large majority. All attempts to open discussion on the present state of affairs in Italy and Germany are vociferously and overbearing ly put down by the Government's adherents. It is said the Emperor has ordered that no discussion shall take place at present. It is believed that negotiations are going on with great secrecy between France and Austria, with the object of producing a rapproche- ment between the Governments that may lead to a definite understanding and eventually to an alliance between them. The channel by which the negotiations are conducted is kept strictly secret. It is probable that Count Mullion on the part of Austria and Count de Morbourg on that of France are as well acquainted with its progress as any others. French sympathies are with Austria. Official despatches from Vienna received since Saturday gave a very different version of the state of affairs at the seat of war than the telegrams received from Prussian sources. It is difficult to decide positively where statements are so conflicting, but as the Austrian reports are clear and void of oil boasting, truth seems to be on their side. We may probably rely on the course of events as under-That General Yon Gablonz defeated the Prussians at Tran torian on the 28th, and that in consequence of this defeat they fell back over the frontier, leaving behind killed and wounded, and that thereby the junction of the army of Silesia with Prince Charles, was prevented. It is also stated that the Prussians occupied Gitschin, and that they were attacked there by the cavalry of General Yen Edolshoim and driven back towards Turned. In consequence of this defeat the Prussians evacuated Molnik, Dauba, and Leipo, and hastily retreated to N.ames. On the 30th an engagement took place between the Prussians and the first Austrian Army Corps and the Saxon Corps, The Austrians were re- pulsed and fell back towards Konigsgartz. On the 30th the King of Prussia left Berlin to put himself at the head of the army. The session of the French Legislatif Corps was closed on the 30th. The Patric denies a report which has been prevalent, that orders have been given for arming the squadron lying in the port of Toulon. A telegram from Constantinople announces that a loan of two millions sterling has been contracted by the Porto with Messrs. Oppon hour and the Societe Generale, to meet the July dividend. The revenue returns for Great Britain issued on Saturday, for June 30, show a not decrease of £865,856 on the quarter. This decrease is much less than Mr. Gladstone estimated, and shows in a remarkable degree the continued elasticity of almost every branch of the revenue. The weather for the fortnight has been excessively hot. During the last two days some i severe thunderstorms have taken place. GERMANY. On Monday, the 18th ultimo the anniversary of the battle of Waterloo war was declared by Prussia and Italy against Austria. The Prussian troops had previously commenced an aggressive movement, and speedily overrun Hanover and Saxony. Telegraphic communication was very shortly interrupted in many places ; the rails and bridges on the Hanoverian Saxon Railways were broken up and the traffic stopped, and in consequence the postal arrangements are thrown out. The first great battle was fought between the Austrians and the Italians the latter were entirely defeated. The engagement took place on Sunday, the 24th, in front of Verona, and lasted almost the whole day. The Italian army was under the command of King Victor Emmanuel. That of Austria under the Archduke Albrecht. The battle is named the battle of Custozza. The Italian loss is said to be very great. The Austrians captured 2000 prisoners and several guns. Austrian despatches bear testimony to the bravery of the Italians, amongst whom many performed prodigies of valor. A tremendous battle raged in Bohemia on the 27th and 28th, between the Prussians under Prince Frederick Carl and the Crown Prince, and the Austrians under Marshall Bonedek. It appears the fighting extended over an enormous tract of country, from Bielenberg in Bohemia, to Myslenicc, South of Cracow, in Galicia. Both armies claim a victory. It is the general impression, however, that Austria will reap the advantages. A Vienna despatch of the 29th reports that the Prussians were completely defeated on the 28th by the Austrian forces under General Von Gablonz, leaving behind 1000 killed and wounded. Berlin telegrams again lay claim to the victory, stating that the number of Austrian prisoners captured was 2000. On such along line the fortunes of war no doubt varied considerably, the telegrams from the seat of war and from the capitals are of so conflicting a nature that little reliance can be placed in them. Latest telegrams announce that the Hanoverian army surrendered at discretion on the 29th. By the terms of surrender Hanoverian officers retained their side arms, and the men were disarmed and sent to their houses. The war material was given up to the Prussians. It is stated that the King and Crown Prince of Hanover and the officers of the Hanoverian army have pledged their word not to fight against Prussia during the war. A telegram from Berlin on Friday, says that the Austrians were defeated on the 27th and 28th near Nuehod. On the 28th, at Trantenau and at Munchenngratz, by Prince Frederick Charles. The Austrian losses at Trantenau are reported at from 3000 to 4000 killed and wounded, with several thousand prisoners, whilst the Prussian loss is laid at 1000 men. Garibaldi is at Lake Idro. The Volunteer Corps have taken no active part in the affairs up to the present time. The results of the Prussian elections, so far as they are known, give an immense majority to the Liberal party. A Paris paper states that the Prussian Government has demanded explanations of the Cabinet of St. Petersburg relative to the concentration of Russian troops on the frontiers of Galicia. The Russian Government replied that this concentration of troops was not made with any hostile intention, and that the Czar would not interfere in the Austro-Prussian conflict. Prince Gortschakoff, however, informed M. Bismarck that should certain events take place through the revolutionary element, a Russian army should enter Hungary. This coincides with a report that Russia had promised to occupy the western coast of the Adriatic, to protect it from the Italian Volunteers. A squadron of iron-clads, under the command of Admiral Lispackoff, sailed from Cronstadt on the 17th, to cruise in the Baltic. THE WAR IN ITALY. (From the Special Correspondent of the Daily Telegraph.) Florence, June 26. This morning brings us very little fresh intelligence from the seat of war. Late last night there was a report in the city that the Italians had won a great victory, and had taken Pcs chiera. I was sitting in VieusBcux's reading rooms, so well known to Anglo-Italians, when I was startled by the somewhat unusual sound of cheering in the streets. I went out, and found a large crowd assembled before the palace of the Syndic, who were all shouting that Peschiera was taken, and who kept up a sort of running fire of hand-clapping whenever any- body repeated the intelligence. I knew that the thing was improbable, not to say impossible, because up to five o'clock no news of any kind had been received, of the Government offices; but even sensible Florentines whom I recognised amongst the crowd were so excited it was useless to argue with them. In fact, the reaction from the painful impression created by the morning's news had for the moment overpowered their reasoning . faculties. Nobody could tell from what source the information was derived ; but everybody was certain that everybody else was well informed. Flags were hung out j strangers shook hands with each other in the streets for about on hour Florence was beside herself. The faculty of sifting information for oneself is not strongly developed amidst the Italians. Considering that till within the last seven years they have lived under paternal governments, whose chief object was to prevent their subjects from exercising their own minds, it would be odd if this were not the case. I am not blaming the Italians for their want of accuracy ; I am only stating a fact that anybody who has ever had any dealings with them in business matters will be sure to corroborate. There never was a country in which unauthontio rumors wore more certain to gain currency in a time of war than in Italy and this inevitable readiness to accept any idle report as gospel IS exaggerated by the rigid exclusion of an independent reporters from the Italian camp. It is all very well for the Government authorities to declare that thou- official bulletins convoy the whole truth ; but no nation, and above all no suspicious nation, like the Italian, can be expected to place implicit credence in the voracity of Government bulle- tins. This morning an edict has been issued by the Municipality announcing that severe punishment will be inflicted on the wilful propagators of false rumors ; but this edict will certainly not stop the spread of idle reports. No doubt there are great advantages in keeping all military movements secret, but then there are great advantages also in the support given by popular enthusiasm, and it is very difficult to combine these opposite advantages. Up to the present the enthusiasm with which the outbreak of war was greeted continues unabated, and if the campaign should prove, as seems probable, to be a long and arduous one, publicity will be found necessary to sustain the spirits and energies of the nation. Meanwhile, the manner in which this first reverse has been borne is encouraging for the prospects of the nation. There is no sign of discouragement visible anywhere is no doubt is entertained of the ultimate triumph of the national cause. The common impression amongst well-informed persons here is that the battle of Sunday was a mistake. The siege of the Quadrilateral is not supposed to have formed part of the plan of the campaign ; and yet, unless there was some notion of capturing Pcschiora, it is difficult to imagine why the Italian army should have attempted to occupy a position between Pcschiera and Verona. It is surmised, therefore, that the passage of the Mincio was undertaken rather as a political demonstration than as part of a serious attack against the Quadrilateral. According to this theory, the first corps was sent out to reconnoitre the position of the enemy. Owing however, to the ardor of the troops, and their desire to win a victory on the anniversary of Solferino, they advanced too far, and got engaged in a battle which was not designed. Such is the explanation which I have heard given to-day, from a good source of information. To-morrow I hope to write to you from some place nearer the scene of action. THE WAR IN GERMANY. (From the Daily Telegraph Special Correspondent with the Prussian Army.) Boiehonborg, June 24. At last we have entered Bohemia. As far as the eye can reach it sees only columns advanc- ing and sweeping past. On crossing the borders and dealing before Prince Frederick Charles and his suite they fill the air with never- ending acclamations and snatches of song-" Ich bin oinPreusso;" "Oh do Deutschland, ich muss macBohiron;" " Ifinaus in die Some may Lautem hornorklang," and so forth. The stropho " Der Freiheit hauch gent marching durch die west " is still ringing in my care. To put the finishing touch to this splendid martial spectacle, behold facing us the simply grand and majestic line of mountain, standing out in sharply-defined out line against the clear sunny sky, The Prince now spurs from column to column, now suddenly pulls up and anxiously scans with the help of the telescope and the mop the range of country before us. The Prince's head-quarters are for the time being probably only for a day at Schloss Hartenstein, the property of the general of the army confronting BB, Ham Gallas. Perhaps the name is a good omen for us for from the era of the 30 years' war down to the present time, a Clam Gallas has never won a battle. All the generals of this race have been called by the Viennese the " Boertrommel "-drums of the regiment because they were only heard of when beaten. But to be sure Graf Gondro court commands under Clam Gallas, and he is a bold man of iron. The troopers are now bivouacking on an eminence. Out of the midst of the soldiers camping round the fires towers a horrible statue- that of St. Nepo much. Artillery, baggage trains, cavalry, infantry, repose in marching order, partly in the streets and partly in the open places.' Arms, cloaks, baggage, are piled up in pyramids ; horses tied in pairs, guns and carriages are drawn up in long rows. In spite of the enormous fatigues of the march, the troops are in capital spirits, making the bills resound to their singing and shouting. An hour ago single shots were heard at a distance. Now we know what they meant, for at the moment I am writing they are bringing in our first prisoners, two RadetBky hussars, magnificent fellows, with handsome clear-cut features and a dark do- want expression. While the prisoners are being led to the road to head-quarters, and the skirmish of horse is going on in the distance, the sky has become gradually overcast and now the rain pours in torrents, visibly swelling the Neisse, with between whiles flashes of lightning and claps of thunder. The troops are lying under the canopy of heaven and in the mud ! Every fire is extinguished ; nevertheless the sounds of laughter, spirit-stirring song, or round oath, are lizard above the noise of the rain, the rushing of the Neisse, and the crash of the thunder. Last night, during the whole march from Zittau to Reichenberg, alarms were constantly sounded what for, I am unable to say. To- day, too, the troops have been repeatedly alarmed. They believed and hoped that they should at last get sight of the rear-guard of the enemy-a vain hope. It is possible that while we are pressing forward without halting, Echo de, with the main army, will throw himself on the Crown Prince, only leaving a few divisions to confront us in order to divert our attack on the enemy's flank. As yet our soldiers have been as well received as one can expect in an enemy's country. Reichenberg is swarming with bodies of troops marching into the town, and encamping. The 35th and GOth (the Zouaves of the army) the 24th and 84th (the victor at Alsen), in spite of their diminutive figures strike the beholder wherever they go by their brisk, bold, and martial appearance. One may see with half on one that they have already smelt powder. And how the splendid fellows glory in the prospect of a rough tussle with an enemy superior in numbers The Pomeranians form a striking contrast to the little, supple Brandon burgers. Ono gives these heavy,, broad-shoul- dered fellows credit-even before proof-for being men to be relied on to the death. We know for certain that they too, like their forefathers in the War of Liberation, can handle a gun or bayonet. Their assault in a body must be tremendous, I should say irresistible ; but whether, like the Brandenburgers, they can fight singly, or whether their officers dare leave them to themselves for a moment, has yet to be proved. The East Prussians are also a fine set. You only need look at them to know that they will never fly. Reichenberg is a highly interesting town, in a lovely country surrounded by wooded heights. All eyes are turned to the hills lying opposite, behind which the presence of the enemy is suspected. The grand range of hills in the distance now disappears in clouds of rain and must, now mysterious and ghost-like it rears its head from out the moving masses of vapour. Behind the hills lie the famous battle- field of Ziska, the Prokops of the Thirty and of the Seven Years' War. The appearance of the distant hills grows more threatening. The misses roll together in heavy compact masses, and settle on the mountain-tops, shrouding them from our view. Thitherward lies our line of march. What awaits us there I shall probably write my next letter during and after the first engagement which will herald in the first great battle. Both parties claim the victory. It is curious to observe with what vehemence the North and the South German organs alike por Bist in asserting, and rejoicing at the glorious victories gained respectively by the Prussians and the Austrians in Bohemia. The same journals hurl at each other charges of falsifying reports and telegrams, forging documents, No. 3 Whilst the Prussian and the Austrian armies are Severally represented by the organs of their opponents as not much better than a gang of robbers and murderers, badly clad and reasonably fed, with all sorts of illness decimating their ranks. It is difficult to form an opinion as to who is most to blame for such exaggerations, but the truth is generally to be got at by comparing the several statements find waiting for confirmation of one-sided assertions, meanwhile merely giving them for what they are worth. CONFLICT BETWEEN THE RUSSIANS AND AUSTRIANS. (From the Home News, July 2.) Marshal Bcncdok's movements were unknown until his troops came in front of the enemy, and then came the first encounter between the Austrians and the Prussians in a great battle fought on Austrian ground, between Josephstadt and the frontier of Silesia. The Prussians were commanded by the Crown Prince. The various accounts received by telegraph made it uncertain at what point the Crown Prince intended seriously to invade the Austrian territory. The Prussians were heard of at Odorberg and Oswiocin, at the extreme south-east of Silesia ; they were in possession of Zuckmnntol and Fricdborg", having crossed the frontier opposite Neisse, and they were also operating further to the north-west. The centre of the Austrian line is supposed to have extended from about Turuau to Joseph stadt, and it is with the main body of Benodok'e army that the Prussians have been engaged in this the first German battle of the war. The troops engaged advanced through Nachod and Neustadt to Skaliez, which is within 10 miles of Josephstadt, and here we may suppose they were met by the Austrians in force. The battle begun at 10 o'clock on the morning of the 27th June, and lasted till six in the evening. The Prussians were repulsed from Skaliez, the Austrian cavalry taking part in the action and the Prussians were at the close of the day, according to the Austrian telegraphic despatch, in full retreat, leaving their dead and wounded on the field. The Prussian despatches are to the effect that on the 28th June the 3rd defeated the 10th Austrian Army Corps under General Gablonz after an obstinate engagement, in which the Austrians lost seven thousand prisoners, several field-pieces, and a large quantity of materiel. The Austrian loss in killed and wounded is placed at between 3000 and 4000, On the same day Prince Frederick Charles, in junction with General Bittorllold, captured Munchongratz, after a successful engagement with the enemy, in which he took 800 prisoners. The Austrians retired to Furstonbruck with the loss of 2000 men. Those encounters prove that the Prussians had advanced considerably beyond the frontier. Furstonbruck, to which the Austrians are said to have retired, is some 25 or 30 miles from the frontier on the direct road to Prague, and we may conclude that the main body of the Prussian army had so far found its way open to it in its invasion of the Austrian territory. But it is not in this line alone that the Prussians are advancing. Whatever may have been the result of the battle of the 27th at Skaliez, the Prussians appear to be still in full force between the Sale Bran frontier and Josephstadt. The Prussian 5th corps, which is said to have been so successful against the Austrians in the battle of the 27th, was again opposed, on the 28th, to the 6th and 8th Austrian corps, under Archduke Leopold, and is reported to have gained signal advantages over it. The Moniteur of June 29, publishes intelligence from Berlin, dated. the 28th, announcing that in a fresh engagement between the Prussians and the Austrians, nour Trantenau, the former captured 30 guns and took many prisoners. The Austrians were compelled to fall back. The same paper also publishes an account of an engagement between the Hanover rains and Prussians near Laugonsalza, which it states to have been without result. The Prussians lost two guns. A Berlin telegram of June 29 announces the surrender of the Hanoverian army, consisting of upwards of 20,000 men. It is further stated that the King and Crown Prince of Hanover, and the officers of the Hanoverian army, have pledged their word not to fight against Prussia during the present war. By the terms of the surrender, the Hanoverian officers retained their side arms, and the men were disarmed and sent to their homes. The war material was given up to the Prussians.'' About 5000 Austrian prisoners from Nachod, and 3000 from Trantenau, are reported to have been sent on June 29, to Posen. A telegram from Frankfort announces that the whole Federal army has set out upon the march, and that an early engagement is expected. All the news we have of the war in Italy is that Garibaldi is at the Lake Idle, and that the Austrians have entered Valcamonico, and arrived at Vezzia, According to a Florence telegram, of June 29 (evening), the Italian troops were taking up positions on the Oglio. The movement was being effected with perfect order, and the army was in excellent health and spirits. The Austrians had not attempted to cross the Mincio. THE BATTLES IN BOHEMIA. Berlin, June 30, The following despatch has been received here from His Royal Highness the Crown Prince : " Reinerz, June 27. " I have most respectfully to report to Your Majesty as follows upon the events of to-day I " On the afternoon of the 26th General von Steinmetz had pushed forward his vanguard, under Major-General von Lendenfeld, towards Nachod. After a short engagement the latter got possession of the pass, which was abandoned by the Austrians with a loss of eighteen killed. The vanguard throw out skirmishers in the direction of Skalitz. " At half-past 9 this morning the vanguard was sharply attacked by two brigades of the 6th Austrian Corps, well provided with artillery, and followed by a third brigade as support. The Prince Holsteins heavy cavalry division at the same time appeared upon the field. By the efforts of the vanguard, which withdrew slowly skirmishing, time was gained for the main body of the corps to emerge from the pass, and reach the heights immediately in front. At this moment I came up in good time from Braunau. As the troops arrived they were immediately thrown forward to hold the nearest heights, the Kirchbnch division to the right, and the Rosenfeldt division to the Mt. The entire artillery, ninety guns, was brought up into the line of battle, to meet which the enemy was reinforced by the last brigade of the 6th Corps and its reserv r artillery. The advance of the enemy was soon checked, and as soon as our corps, strengthened by an infantry regiment and reserve, had taken up its position, we were enabled energetically to assume the offensive. The hostile Prince Solm's Cuirassier Brigade was defeated by a brilliant charge of the 1st Uhlans and 8th Dragoons under General von Wnuck, after a desperate hand-to- hand combat. Each regiment captured a hostile standard. General von Wnuck, Colonel von Trcshow and Lieutenant-Colonel von Wichmann, the commanders of both regiments, received honorable wounds. " The infantry, whose fire had been of admir- able effect, attacked at various points with the bayonet, and took possession of the advanced woodland and surrounding ground. In these operations the flag of the 3rd Deutschmeister 1 battalion fell into our hands. " Towards 3 p.m., all thoonomy's troops were in retreat followed up by the fire of our artillery. Ono detachment of the 1st Uhlans are needed in capturing two guns ; three others were abandoned in the hasty retreat. 'The cavalry, supported by some of the infantry, engaged in temporary pursuit, while the brigade of the 6th Corps that come up towards evening undertook the vanguard. I returned to Nachod about 6 o'clock, after I had seen almost all the troops that had been engaged upon the field, and had thanked them in your Majesty's name " The battle of to-day is an honor to General von Steinmetz and the 5th Army Corps. I cannot sufficiently praise the extraordinary cool- ness of the young troops. All arms have vied most gloriously in the discharge of their duty. The needle gun effected considerable slaughter, and caused the failure of all the enemy's attacks, which were undertaken with great rapidity. The artillery displayed rare powers of endurance in face of the hostile fire, at first greatly superior, and the cavalry showed itself more than a match for the so much vaunted Austrian horse. Upon the Austrian side 28 battalions were fired under, from all of which prisoners have fallen into our hands. The 6th Corps, on the other hand, had only 22 battalions to oppose to this force, and of these the troops kept in reserve only came under the fire of grenades. The brilliant success of the day has been purchased with comparatively slight loss. From all I have seen, I estimate it, at from 500 to 600 men, among whom are a very considerable number of our brave officers. In addition to those already mentioned among the superior grades, I have to report Major von Natzmor, of the 8th Dragoons, killed ; Major General von Ollech and Colonel von Walther, commander of the 46th Regiment, wounded. The enemy's lOBB is, on the other hand, very large. over 2000 prisoners are in our hands. His dead lay in many places in heaps, so that I estimate his total loss at over 'WOO men. " The trophies taken wore the above-mentioned five guns, one flag, and two standards. I shall not fail to forward to your Majesty as soon as possible further details and a special list of losses, together with the names of those who had the opportunity of especially distinguishing themselves, " FREDERICK WILLIAM, Crown Prince, General of Infantry and Commander-in-Chief of the 2nd Army." " The following official despatch refers briefly to the events of the ensuing day : " Breslau, June 29. " I have to announce to your Majesty a second victory upon the 28th, more hotly contested and more sanguinary than upon the 27th. Great loss in officers and men, though that of the enemy decidedly greater. Some trophies have been again taken, but the number is still uncertain. Numerous prisoners have been made. Skalitz is in my hands. An order of Boncdok's shows that IWBB opposed to-day by the Archduke Leopold, with the 6th and 8th Corps. After battles my troops are full of courage and enthusiasm, breaking out into loud cheers. "STEINMETZ," King William delivered the following speech to the people who brought him an address yesterday evening : " I know your patriotism comes from the heart, and it is therefore grateful to mind. God has given our valiant armies the victory, but this is only the beginning ; a difficult task remains still to be accomplished. As victory has always attended our banners, with God's help the future will be ours also. With this hope I go to the army to-morrow. Up then, with God for King and Fatherland !" His Majesty uttered the last sentence in a loud voice, standing with bared head, and holding his helmet in his uplifted hand. 