ITEMS OF MEWS. A nugget has been found in M'Culloch's claim, at Jericho, on Tuesday, weighing 87oz. It is the largest that has yet been found in that district. Another claim was yesterday bottomed in Landv's Paddock, Strathloddon, by Tomlinson and Co., who obtained ldwt from a small tin dish of dirt, washed as a prospect. The "Waterloo Company, on the Waterloo reef, Green Valley, Newstead, last week crushed 15 tons, yielding 2oz to the ton. Bruce and Robert son, working on the south side of the Green Valley, crushed from a depth of 40 feet 15 tons, yielding LOdwt to the ton ; 15 tons giving 16dwt to the ton, aud 20 tons producing 2oz to the ton, Several patches of rich alluvial ground have lately been worked. We are requested to draw attention to the sale of one- fourth share in the celebrated claim of Salmon and Co., on Burns's reef, Chewton. The sale takes place on the 9th inst., at the Farmers' Arms hotel, Chewton. The half-yearly general meeting of the White Horse Reef Company will be held to-morrow evening at the Red Hill hotel, Chewton. Directors will be elected and other business transacted. Tenders are invited from persons wishing to take the mine on tribute. The half- yearly general meeting of the Panic Company will be held on the 12th instaut, at seven p.m., for the purpose of receiving balance-sheet, and transacting other business. An extraordinary meeting of the company will be held at the same place on the 16th instant. The ordinary half-yearly meeting of the Alpha Gold Mining j and Cement Crushing Co. will be held at Gaffney's j Hotel, Guildford, on the 6th instant, at half past seven, p.m. Business, to receive reports j and financial statement, to elect directors and i auditors, and general business. The ordinary j half- yearly general meeting of the El Dorado Company will be held on Thursday next at twelve o'clock, to receive reports, balance-sheet, elect directors and auditors, re-appoint manager in accordance with clause IS of company's deed, and general business. As it is intended to formally start the machinery on 'that day, | shareholders are particularly Requested to i attend. i Yesterday, an event which has been for some j time pending, was run on the Campbell's Creek ! road. A pony, the property of a well-known and \ long respected resident of this district, and at I the same time an old knight of the hammer, was backed by his spirited owner to trot from Cobb and Co/s gate, Castleniaine, to Gaffney's Hotel, in thirty minutes. The result, although the race was lost by forty-five seconds over the specified j time, yet proves that we have " dark flyers" in our midst, who can keep their own against many of the celebrated " dons" so famed for fast going in this colony. j By advertisement it will be seon that the Loyal Prince of Wales Lodge, I.O.O.F.M.U. hold their anniversary dinner at the Cumberland Hotel, en Thursday evening next, at eight o'clock. The annual meeting of the Newstead Agricul tural Society takes place' to-morrow evening, at seven p.m., at Marsden's hotel, Newstead. To-morrow evening the Clydesdale Amateur Minstrels will give a performance at Gaffney's Hotel, Guildford, for the benefit of the District Hospital. We wish it to be distinctly under stood that it is the intention of the performers to give the whole of the proceeds of the enter tainment towards the object in view, with the exception of the expenses. Not a hundred miles from Newstead lives a disciple of Esculapius, upon whom the scape graces of the neighborhood like occasionally to play off a practical joke. The doctor, however, on the last occasion of being made a subject for merriment, gave.Jhis tormentors a quid pro quo which will not soon be forgotten. It seems that a night or two ago two young men, one rather inebriated, but the other sober, calleri tbe doctor out of his warm bed, stating that one of them wished to have an aching tooth drawn. The doctor examined the patient's molars and in cisors, and was about to slip the extracting in strument on the particular tooth as he thought, when he was told by the onlooker that it was all a joke, and "his professional services were not really needed. Quickly the doctor fastened the instrument on one of his victim's teeth, and in a moment it was gone, the operator saying at the same time that lie had been called to draw a tooth and draw a tooth lie would. The matter will, we are informed, come before one of the courts in two forms. The tooth loser claims compensation, and the doctor his fee. We have received from Mr A. J. Smith, book seller, of Melbourne, a copy of the now celebrated work on Louis "Napoleon. The edition has been republished iu the colony in a cheap form, so as to be within the reach of all classes of the community, and so extensive has been the circulation that it has now reached the ninth thousand. Mr Dwight has also issued a cheap edition, with an allegorically emblazoned cover, in the manner of the famous " Last Day " of the painter Martin. Mr Hodgson is the agent for Castlemaine. A strange disease has attacked horses in the Maryborough district. The Advertiser says " On Friday afternoon the already long list of dead horses was further increased by an animal belonging to Mr Fowler, of Carisbrook, falling down dead iu the street near Mr Hull's resi dence. The animal had been at work during the morning, and had just started out for his afternoon's work when he suddenly gave up the ghost." The Rocky River correspondent of the Armi- dale Express says : — Philters and lovef c arms are of old date, but I have just heard ot a pre scription to cure a love-sick swain which, irom its originality, deserves recording. iaa- man here, whom I may call Jer Why, e deeply in love with a— never mmd her name- young lady some seven or eight months ago, to whom he proposed and was partly accep e . The damsel, however, left this place, and poor Jer Why, after lamenting the fickle fair one for a time, became reconciled to his state ot sin gle blessedness. But a short time ago his ina morata returned, and after a very short acquain tance married a continental. Poor Jer Why s lovo returned with renewed ardor, and whether it was the hopelessness of his case or his griex at the inconstancy of the object of his affections, I cannot say, but Jer Why fell sick and seemed ready to die. The Chinese physicians were called in, but their skill was baffled. Nostrums and the usual infallible charms were tried, but all to no effect— Jer Why would not get better. His debits and credits were all arranged previous to his departure, when lo ! a thought flashed across the physician's mind, and, the case being urgent, it was acted upon— Jer Why was in love. Jer Why confessed ; this attendant saw his way clear, the disease known, the cure was certain. The lady was waited upon with a request that she would dispose of — her stays ! that Jer Why plight be cured by them. Like her sex, her heart melted with pity at the re cital of her quondam lover's extremity, and she generously determined that, if so slightya favor would be of service— of course, " a; new pair of- stays instead of the old ones would be the result —she would do it. This she did, aud the phy sician bore them away in triumph, but what he intended to do with them was a secret he would not inform us outside barbarians. The latest bulletiu is that Jer Why is recovering. In the Supreme Court on Saturday, a poiiit of banking law was decided. The following no tice by the holder of a bill to an endorser was held a sufficient " notice of dishonor " " I have to request your attention to an acceptance of Mr K. Fvewer, endorsed by Mr Doward, now lying overdue at this office." The English de-< cisions on the point are collected in two some what conflicting lists in Byles on Bills, and the above decision is in harmony with the more li beral of the English decisions, and disregards the technical strictness of many otkors. ' The Majorca Independent relates the follow ing miraculous escape from death: — On Tues day morning last a miner called at our office to request that publicity should not be given to bis name in connexion with the following paij-i ticulars It appears, from information we have gathered, that the individual in question having imbibed rather freely on Saturday night, left Talbpt-street about twelve o'clock, with the view of seeking his tent, situated somewhere across the lead. On the following morning i (Sunday) his mate discovered his absence from home, came into the town, and made inquiries - among his friends as to his whereabouts. The day passed, and still the man was missing. On the morning of Monday a search party sought among the old holes for some clue to his re: covery, but, failing in their efforts, set out again on the morning of Tuesday, when, at about half- past nine o'clock, on passing one of the aban doned shafts on the old lead, some distance in the rear of Meriton's Imperial Hotel, sounds were heard issuing forth, which, on the party going nearer to the hole; proved to be cries for assistance from their long-missing companion. A rope haying been procured, one of the party was lowered down the hole (which was originally ninety feet deep), and when about forty feet down he came upon his friend stuck in the side of the shaft, about thirty-five feet from the bot tom, completely naked, with the exception of a tight-fitting body flannel. He was brought to the surface perfectly sensible and apparently uu- hurt. On being furnished with necessary clothing, he gave -the following statement of his misfortunes :— It seems that though the hole in question was surrounded to the height of three or four feet, with the usual mullock, he, in his 'inebriety, considering this merely as an obstacle; in his path, surmounted it, and was precipitated1 to a depth of ninety feet below, and, astonishing to relate, without sustaining the slightest bodily injury. The fall, however, must have to some extent sobered him, as he took his knife from: his pocket and cut footholes in the sides of the! shaft, by which he was enabled to mount to a height of about fifty feet ; when he had reached this point he came upon sandy drift, several tons of which broke out beneath his weight, andj fell with him to the bottom/where be found- himself stuck to the middle iu the sludge. He; then discovered that all efforts to extricate him self in his ' clothes would be fruitless/; so he, j ripped off his clothes, and leaving them with his' | boots, commenced a second attempt to ascend. ! On reaching the height which ; he had first at-l tained, the drift again gave way beneath him,; i and he was once more precipitated below. Here he remained until the morning of Tuesday, when; his recovery was effected. In the afternoon of; the same day, he was seen celebrating the ad-! vent of his release. . Several persons have recently been reported ; . to the police as missing from their homes, say s the Age, under circumstances which lead to the' belief that some accident has happened to them. John Sloan, of 21 M' Arth"ur-pl ace, off Canning-, street, left his .home on the 29th ult. ; and, as' he was lately a patient at the Yarra Bend, and afterwards in the Melbourne Hospital, fears are entertained that he may have committed suicide. He is described as being abeut 5 feet 9 inches in height, thin build, fair complexion and sandy hair and whiskers. Another man, named Gols- ; worthy, left his home at Brunswick on the 25th ult., for the purpose of drawing some money from a bank in Melbourne, and lias not yet re turned. He is forty-nine years of age, and is described as being five feet three inches in height, stout build, ruddy complexion, black hair and whiskers. The strangest case reported is that of a man named William Weller, who, on the 16th of January last, was discharged from the Yarra, Bend, where he had been for some time suffering from insanity. At the time of his discharge he was considered cured, and inti mated his intention of returning to his. friends, residing near Kangaroo Flat, Bendigo. No thing, however, has been heard of him, and it is supposed that he has either lost himself in the bush or committed suicide. He is thirty-seven years of age, five feet seven inches in height,, stout complexion, and light brown Hair and beard. Through the action of Mr Aspinall, butcher, Bridge-street, in the Supreme Court, the Charing Cross market has been declared a nuisance, and the Council ordered to cause its removal; ' The stall-holders, says the Bendigo Advertiser, view the disturbance of their possestidn! with no friendly eye, and to mark their disapproval , of the conduct of their enemy, determined on hold ing him up to scorn. On Saturday night an artistically got up effigy was set iu a couspicuous place iu the market. It was dressed in butcher costume, aud, for tho information of the ig norant, labelled " the black pudding butcher of Bridge-street." Both arms of the figure were extended, and hanging from one, by a piece of string, was a bit of black padding ; the neck and breast were garlanded with a string of sausages, and in the mouth was stuck a pipe. It had been intended before the market closed for the night to take proceedings against the figure with due solemnity, but a colonial urchin having no reverence for persons, cut the string, and the effigy fell to the ground. Immediately a crowd surrounded it, from one to the other it was kicked, till eventually it was quartered, be headed, and disembowelled. The avenging spirit was appeased with the sacrifice, and soon all was just as if nothing particular had hap pened. A blackfellow lately Btuck up a white man near Maryborough, and robbed him of a £-5 note. Francis Spenee, money broker, Collins -street, was, on Saturday, says the Age, again charged with forging and uttering. James Kelly de posed that he was an overseer in the Public Works department. He knew the prisonei . Witness accepted a bill on the 14 R February, drawn by the prisoner, for £7 10s. (Witness here entered into an explanation in reference to the transaction.) The bill was afterwards re newed. Witness saw prisoner draw out the bill for £7 10s. The bill produced was the same that witness accepted for £7 10s. When he ac cepted the bill the body and figures represented that amount. The bill had since been altered to £17 10s, by placing the figure lf before the figure " 7," and by affixing " teen to the word " seven Witness knew the prisoner s hand writing, but he could not say by whom the alter ations in the bill had been made. W. H. Nay- lor, auctioneer, Collins-street, said that he dis counted a bill for the prisoner about the 16th February. Witness, at first, refused to discount it. Prisoner said, " Well, you can let me have £5 on it." Witness advanced prisoner £5 on it, on the 19th February, and kept the bill. Qn the 22nd February, witness gave prisoner the balance of the bill, namely, £10, deducting £2 10s for commission, &c.; Witness sued on this bill, and was non-suited. The bill, when due, was presented by witness s clerk, at the priso ner's office, and dishonored. ; Witness wrote to Kelly, who said the bill had been altered. Cross-examined by Mr Aspinall : I believed the bill to be bona fide when I discounted it. 1 dj.d -not then notice that it had been altered. In fact, I think any other business man would have passed it as being bona fide. The person pro secuting in tiiis case has not paid the money which he admits he owes. I have had to pay costs, and have been put to considerable ex pense in attending court, because my business is being neglected. By Mr Kelly : I did not discount two bills for £3 10s each, by which the original bill was renewed. I never discounted a bill under £10. Mr Aspinall then said, as the bench intended to commit the accused for trial, he would ask that bail be accepted, on account of his weak state of health. Spenee had been prevented, from attending ; at the county court, whereas if he could, have done so, he would, most , probably, have settled one of the cases brought against him. If the bench would examine tlie word " seventeen, and the figures " 1" and " 7," they would see that the alleged additions appeared to have been written at the time the bill was drawn. It was quite as easy for one man to get himself out ot trouble by swearing falsely, as it was for another to forge a bill.; Seeing, therefore, that the prisoner was an invalid, ho thought it would be cruel to send him to gaol, if it could be avoided. The chair man said tlie bench would commit the accused for trial, and accept bail in two sureties of £100 each. a. fatal accident occurred on Saturday nigbt to a person named James Drummond, a small farmer, says the Advertiser, while returning from GeeloDg to his home at Freshwater Creek. The accident was caused by the deceased's horse and dray getting a little out of the road near to the tollgate at the Waurn Ponds, on the Fresh water Creek Road. At this spot the creek is unfenced, and about ten feet deep. The horse and dray , were turned completely over, and were discovered yesterday morning. The mau must have been killed instantly, but the horse was got out alive, though much bruised. An inquest will be held to-day at Mr Simmon's Waurn Ponds Hotel, at which, it is hoped, an enquiry will be made whether the Barrabool Road Board are not blameable for leaving so dangerous a spot unfenced. The deceased has left a wife and three young children. The shareholders in the Commercial Bank have appointed as their manager Mr Valentine, a gentleman who, for many years, has been the head of the Bank of Victoria, in Sandhurst. In that district he was the most popular of bank managers, by his business tact and gentlemanly demeanor winning for himself the goodwill -of all classes of the community. On Friday morning three convicts escaped from the French transport Sibylle, lying in Sydney harbor, in one of the ship's boats. They were per6eived and fired on, but reached the shore safely, and have not as yet been recap tured. The Aldinga brings dates from Adelaide to the 2Stli ult., but their contents have for the most part been anticipated by telegram. The Tele graph gives the following particulars, which show that carcases of meat are now being regu larly shipped from Melbourne to Adelaide : — "On Tuesday Mr Levi's old warehouse in King William street was densely crowded all day with buyers of a large shipment of beef and mutton, brought over by Mr. Asher Hann, from Mel bourne. There were, we are told, as many as twenty-eight carcases of oxen divided into quar ters, and a large quantity of sheep offered for sale.: The beef was of most excellent quality ; some of the hind quarters really in superb con dition. We believe an attempt was made to dis pose of the whole lot to the butchers, but the price offered was so ridiculously low, considering the present high retail prices in Adelaide, that Mr Hann determined to retail it in small quantities, and as his price was just one-half of the Adelaide butchers, the people came pouring into , the store to buy as fast as they could be served. The trade seeing how the venture was going with the public, then also came in, and a largo number of the sides "and quarters passed into their hands at the same price charged to the small buyers, and long before the close of tlie day the store was cleared of the whole lot." About nine o'clock on the morning of Monday, 26th June, (writes a local correspondent in the Star) Mrs Murray, Stony Rises Diggings, sent her little boy, William Murray, on an errand to a neighbor's house at' a very short distance. Not returning in due time, Mrs Murray became alarmed at his non appearance, and at once went in search of him. She learned from Mrs Jones, to whom he was sent, that he had obtained what he wanted, viz., a thimble, and had left to return home. No lurcher trace of him could be found. The boy was only four years of age. His remarkably gentle manner, and intelligent face made him a universal favorite. Shortly after tket people of the neighborhood joined in the search, eager to save the boy if possible. A glance at the water races, - dams, and treacherous shafts on every side, did not inspire hope. His very sudden disappearance, therefore! caused all to fear the worst. The search was. kept up in all directions for seven or eight hours, till night closed cold and wet. The hopes of all sank, but the bitter wail of the poor father: — -"My. poor Willie ; my poor Willie," — heard in the, dark bush, was truly touching. Some hours after 'nightfall, Mr : Andrews, |one of the . horsemen, returned with the news that a little boy answering, his description had, by different persons, been seen going in the direction of the Moorabool river. After a fresh start for the Moorabool, a distance of five miles, and a further, search, he was found safely lodged with a ; Mrs Casey, who had picked him up on the edge of the Moorabool, cold, wet, and so exhausted that he could not tell his name. Under Mrs Ca sey's kind treatment, he had speedily revived, and was tolerably comfortable when found by his anx ious friends. Neither the grief nor the subsequent joy of the parents cau be described. 