k NIGHT AT THE CHARING OIIOSS HOTEL. ] .WV-; I .>'>« J Ul*!/. ,Y/.U Y'AI. Mr. Thomas H. 01dman,-of-Galneborougb, recently ordered ?> .etttine room and four .bedrooms, at the Choring ÓroisiHotel,i London. )These' were duly eeonred bya-frlend/and, the.Mquel.jia, tl)ua irejated by:fMr;/ Oldman ¡¡-rAcoording ; to, Appointment, my,'friends and I arri ved) »nd ' forehanded over1, to the tender meroies of a pompous perionage in ia'tin,' who deli vered a'pie oe of poper with , our rootnsJ marked therVon'J'On onr Inspecting the,-*a'me we;, wero,.duly astonished to find lhatjtho bedrooms,,! had ordered consisted of .tyro (not byer largt)' family bedroom's and two .'dressing, room's,. in'which, meat 'Hkely"-Tor^t>V'tjm Booomniodatlrig ns, » bed of the kind called tidokle"1 bad beebt placed.,- On roy; meekly.bfleriog my remon- strances,- I waa, told they, wore-tho. only ones we could ' have, ['and 1 must be oohtont,'or leave. I endeavoured in vain - tb ' suggest'that,' "after four days*, notice; I h sd at.least ex'peoted rooms' lb which ono could'brush one's bair without touohing the walis i pn either aide, but all; to no purpose.- My. friends; and 1 accordingly tossed. for obolce," and made, the .'best of it, ]. We .were pealed-' !ojmfortably'in the ' ámoklrig-robm'-'at"la' p.m.',' Just': thinking of retiring, when a solemn person in the pay1 and garb ¿f ithe company appeared, and isilently and: ¡with a "ghost-like tread proceeded to the fire plaoe,, and with ,'an ominous jerk of. the hoad. turned oil the ¡gaVauriliglít bürn'or by nso»ns bf atap ander tba hea<th- ' rugí having' previously -produced ein candlesticks from' ¡unaer-bnei of ' the sofas, each containing a piece of caadle about- an inch long, which ho placed here and ¡there on tho tables, saving, " No more lights, gentle-, 'mon.'- "We wore all of us speechless with amazement',' Ibtitwerb utterly unprepared for what was to follow. 'Imagine a hûngry and tired traveller groping his weary way ol'np; the dari: corridors of this hospitable man>ioji, - after nearly twolve hours ot travel, and, at last allured .by the friendly lights of tho smoking-room, bringing, himsolf to an anchor there, hoping at last to refresh liimse f with evon a drv oruat and a class of water. ' 'Imagine,'if you Uko, that ho even asked for something moro substantial than such , faro-a" sandwioh and a, glass bf sherry ; and who oould find fault,vi ¡th him for the modest-request of a. glass bf brandy afterwards and a light'tosmoko by! Yet, a's I'live, all these were denied to a gentleman ! who arrived m tho darkness visible on ; the night,in question at five minutes past twelve I, .After thia several, frosh arrivals. Entera, clergyman with' coat'on arm | rings.' belli 1 .. Waiter,' a.' glass of brandy and sodawater and a sandwich." " Can't ave it, sir." ." Oaa'fc havo lt. Why not ?'' " Bar olosed, ;atr." Howls from . solves- and the other fro qaenters of dismal npartment?. Enter another traveller^ -bother travellers,' in all Seven,' one after the other. Shouts bf etuHotion'from the disappointed travellers.; i They pull the boll in euooestion, and all prefer their requests, bntthe imperturable waiter returns the same answer. "J think wo had bet'er go to bed, ' Raid one.. Ah I but how about tho candles ? Thero are only air for Borne Booro people. Well, my friends amii, in a soma what sneaking way I must cinfess, soire two, and KO to our respective : rooms, leaving the rest discomfited, -lonely, ond hungry. Next morning, after waiting half an hour and five minutes far a spongo bath, and three quarters of an' hour for breokfaat, I waa asked by a chamber-maid if we intended to leave that day. I said that my friend who slept in.' the family , bedroom ad- joining tho dressing-room , I oooupied would prebably do so.. " Toop, sir," said she, " you bad better oak for another single room, or. they'll charge yon for your' friend's bed as well as your own to-night." ' I'll laka precious good ¿ire they : don't," 'said I. So I left too. There is ,nn old saying, "that the lastoanoe breaks the camel's baoky' and ' so (lld'the faot of being charged £s. Cd. in the bill for fire, and .lights ' break' that of ray indignation. 'Fire we had none ; lights we had two, such as I havo described. ._ ... i ' - .< ENOMBH AKD. AMERICAN Ei^OQûKÇîor..-'. In pstriotio eloquence," says a contemporary, " our American stump speaker's beat the, world.''?'They.1 don't stand up and I Ïirose away so as to put an audience' to sleep, after the azyt genteel, eriatoeratiö stylo' of British ,iarliamen tary,,epeeoh-making.", Wo : are fully satisfied of the Justice, of this boast. ' There ia a vigour about'the popular patriotic style of Araorican oratory.that we. are suro has never beert equalled in the British parlia- ment. An interior paper (whiob we quote at second- hand), in paying a glowing tribute to theeloqncnoa of tbe fourth of July orator who oOlolated in tho town wbero said journal is published, says: "Although he j had a platform ten foot square to''erato' upon, ho got , so fired op with patriotism .that it wasn't halt big enough to hold bim i his fist collided throb times with , tho president of tho day, besides 'banging the eye of ; the reader of the declaration, and every person en the stage left it limping,'" This is. n style of oratory! oaloulated to leave durable impressions, and to bo f»lt BS well as heard.-San Francisco News- letter. OATns AND DECLAnATiONs.-Toi the Editor of tho Daily Newt. Sir, 7 Now that a siraploosth is likely to .bo substituted, for that used by M.P.H, might .not Sir G. Gray extend the bon efl t to the olergy and Oxford M.A.s T I would propose then-1. That the clergy as well oa M.P.a take, instead of the long rigmarole about the Prinoose Sophia, ¿ta, .the same simple short oath (now proposed) ; of,,'allegiance to tho Sovereign; 2. Anl hero I,'must point eut that M.A.a in having tb rtibsorlbe to the three artioles in Canon 96 have to da moro even than the olorgy, for the latter, only maka the deolarai ion ofassent (in the doric»! Subsorirdion Aot). I propose,, therefore, that M.A.s should only make the como declaration ns tho' clergy, for it is unreasonable to 01 peet more from thom than from the latter. In sum,lot all M.P.a M.A.«, ond. the clergy take the abort oath of allegiance without any "abhorring, detesting, abjuring," Ac, of antiquated monstrosities ¡ and let M.A.s and th« clergy' make the declaration of assont to the Book of Common Prayor referred to. It is to bo hoped, sir,'that this question will bo fairly settled.-I am, Ac, UKASO.V. Oxford, February 22, AMERICAN BANKING.-At the clono of a long exami- nation of tho position of American banking .and tho changos'whiok have taken plaoe in it during tho lo,e war, tho Eoonomint states :-" Wo find that the banks of America aro in a vory sound stato ; wo find that they have a larger available reserve against their liabilities than ony JCuropi-an banks; WA find that they depond far moro OD their own oapital, whloh cannot bo with- drawn from them. Tho inlorenco la plain. A nation in wlilch tho banks iro ea sound is particularly unlikely to sulfur from a collapse ofcrodit. In former times in 18.17 ond 1857-tho Stute banks of America kept vory small reserves, mid i'nilod by wholosa 0 ; but this is not the casa with tho now national banks. Jf Amerlon worb now mi'-Jojtcd to tho dilliotllties of IÓ37 or 18C7, probably hor banka would bo oblo to resist the strain. Wo eny that Ilia bank of l-'.nijlaud manages so in »oh hotter than alto unod tu innnnKe, that a panie ia now much moro likely to bo raro than formerly. Just no thone now A mc ru-un hanks oro inuoli better than tho old banks that a grout annihilation of batiking croditaocms all but impossible, and if banking o roil fi atonda firm no g0ner.1l failure ol ether ore.lit ia likely, individual lallurus may happeu thero aa bore, nut no wholesale bankruptcy of ordinary traders. Of ooiir.-p, aa wo said nt tho outset, America limit pani thrungli tho trying obiuigo from war tu peace, abe uuxhtto pass through tho trviug obango from an inconvertible, our-i roney to n convorltblo. (Jut wo nuw seo that in both ohatige* alie will bo aasistod by a sound system of batik lng, and, tlifjroforo, we need be niuoh leas fearful ot a momentous crash than If, aa at former period! of danger and dlllioulty, her ooulral Institutions of credit lind boen, evoir when' not Ittsolvont, at least grdlaty deficient ia o tai labio losources,'1 