ADJOURNED INQUEST ON FIRE. Arthur Kemp, 12 years of age, do posed: On the night before the fire I went with Bridget 3I'Nulty, the nurse girl, into the store to set a rat-trap; it uns between 10 and 11 o'clock; I had a sperm candle; Bridget held it while I set the trap; I amn sure I did not drop any fire, nor did I observe any in the store; I was not in tile back room at all on that night; Bridget did not drop any fire; the candle did not go out; we did net strike any matches; the trap was sot, and tied in the centre of the store; there was no rubbish near it; thlero is rubbish in the back store, and in tihe lumber store, through which we had to pass, some straw and paper; we heard a noise as of something falling overhead, but we took no notice of it; as I came out I turned round to shut the door, and if there had been any fire I must have seen it; I then went to bed. Bridget I'Nulty deposed to all the fnafs as given above, and stated further WVhen the aInst witness and I came out of the store I went to his bedroom, lit another sperm candle, got the key of the store, and tried t); lock the door, but could not; I then fetchd Toting, who looked it; I went to bed inl a room off the kitchen about 12 o'clock; before going to bed, myself and Ann Collins heard a noise in the store; we went out to -see what it was, and thought it was the dog shut in the store; I was awoke in the morning, and in ten minutes after the house was in flames; the store was nearly all burned before I got tip. 'Toting (Chinese, sworn on the Bible) deposed: Ilocked the doer of the store on the night before the fire, and gave the key to inaster (Kemp); I saw no fire then, nor could I smell any; I tried all the doors, and found themu all fast; I slept in a small room off the coach-house; in the morning the store was all burned down; Mr. Robson called me up; it was dark; I don't know what time it was; I was removing the store goods down to Torrara; I took things as they came first; a good many things left; I can't say how many; there was no straw in the store; I swept a heap of rubbish in the back store ; there was some bad matches in the store; there were no good ones. Catherine Conroy deposed: Ilive with my husband, J. Conroy, on the north bank of the Shoalhaven; I could see a light in Mr. Kemp's house or store; on the morning of the fire I was out about one o'clock looking for a horse, and looked toward the river and if there hlad boon any fire about the place I- must have seen it; the store was burnt before I got up. Ann Collins deposed: I am servant to Mr. Kemp; on the day before the fire I was' busy cleaning the. house, and pre paiing for the sale of the promises which was to take place next day: it was late before Iwent to .bed; I slept in a room off the kitlchen; Bridget slept with me; before going to bed we heard a noise and went out to see; I thought it was the dogshut up in the store, as I could see nothing else; I went inside and to bed; it:was -very dark and calmn at the time; after I had been in bed, as I think, about two hours I was awoke by the crackling of the fire; on running out I found the store nearly all burnt down, and in ten minutes thle house and kitchen were all in flames; I' 'don't know how the fire began, but I will swear that there was no fire about the place when I went to bed at 12 o'clock; I have frequontly seeoon a supicious looking female walking about the place after night; I saw her on tihe Sunday before the fire, while M.Ir. Kemp and fimily were at church; she. was taller than Miss Kemp, for whomI 1 mistook her; she wore a black hat and brown dress; I did .not know her;. I thought it was a ghost, and asked MIrs. Kemp if there was such a thing as an evil spirit, she said nob; we throw all our ashes down the river bank. E. Pooley deposed : I recollect the of 27th October;:I was awoke by alight shining through my house; I got up and found hilr. Kempbs store all on fire ; 'the: fire seemed to be confined to the. roof mit that time, but it soon spread nd in a 'very few minutes it fell in; .I assisted to removed the furniture; the fire was sostrong I h'd toga'down the river bank before I could pass. ' Verdict-" That a houso and store, the property of Mr. Kemp,. weas burned down on the 28th Octobcr,:but how the fire originated/there is no evidence to show." In deli.ering verdict in the case of the fire the' foremam (Mr. Tlrower) com mented'in strong terms oh an. article which/appeared in the' Herald and Mauil and was also oe6pied int0 the Mercusm. He siid it was tie way to projfidice the case, and throw a slUir on the neighbors, and maintained that the proprietors of the papers ought to be made to give uip their authority. He endeavoured to embddy the foregoing! in a rider, but ivas not supported by the jury. Shoalhaven, Nov. 6th.. 