c ? ? - — OPERATION OF THE LAND ACT. (FBOMTI1E 'AEOCS' KEPO]!TCR.) THE HAMILTON* AHKA.S. i The inquiries I made in Hamilton, in tin; ; best informed quartern, led me to the con- j elusion that a run through the agricultural j areas would not be rewarded by the discov- 1 eiy of much real settlement of the kiudofj ?which I was in search. I wa« told that iu the Muntbam country I should probably find more bonafid* selectors at work than in any other of the areas, and therefore I . went to Muntharn, and the areas round it j in which the best land was to be found, j Between Hamiton and Coleraine there is I not much to be seen. The scenery is of the | usual kind, and the land has mostly gone into private hands. Passing the cemetery on our left and the racecource on our right, we enter the area of Griffitbstoivii, which extends up to and beyond Coleraiue. I have already stated that large as this area is, there are comparatively few allot ments for selection. Some of these were near Hamilton. On two or three of these a,m tut uguai *Tjt:iJO vi. £iv.Lii^ui-.iik uut luli -. was little more to see. A drive of twelve miles— the hitter part through a sandy drift — brought us to the Wannon, over i which a bridge of very primitive design is i thrown. The Wannon Falls arc in this lo cality. The upper fall, or rather series of j rapids, is some two or three miles above j the bridge. The lower fali is that best j worth seeing, and is cmly some two or three j hundred yards down stream. This fall is not J unlike that of Foyers. The water pours in i an unbroken mass over a sharp ledge of j rock into the basin some ninety feet below ; j and the moisture has so affected the soil j which underlies ahe upper stratum of rock i.Jiar. it. is nnKRl'Mp in lnnd nr. flip fiiot of tllp. fall and pass behind the brown tumbling waters. Tfte basin is broad and deep, but almost destitute of timber, and the river, gathering (strength as it escapes from the dart, deep pool, rushes down and among huge boulders iu a broken, winding, rocky channel, much like that which forms the course of the Foyers from the fall of Loch Ness, but by no means so wild, bo wooded, and impressive. I noticed abundance of brown iron ore about here, of very good quality. Approaching Coleraine (some twenty-two miles from Hamilton), we came ♦ft tViCt VktviliT nf ti-i/s 'Ri*t_1ii11 ? nn/i r\f tliftc/i unlucky names which, like those of Mouut Misery, Mount Abrupt, Mount Useful, Ax., however appropriate, are an abomination to enthnologists who endeavour to trace the history of races through the native names of remarkable places. This particular 'big-hill' overlooks a splendid flat oti the Koroite Creek, on -which the township of Coleraine has been kid out in squares. The town is but a small one at present, though it will no doubt increase as settlement pro ceeds, for there is good land all about. It has a church and a bank, a post-office (in a private house), but no telegraph station, although the wires pass through the village. Here the tents of the first settlers were pitched some twenty sis or twenty- seven years ago, and the good land which lies to vu*. iivsvniUU Umj UC MiU W UC^Ul at IU1S creek. At the time spoken of the blacks were numerous and troublesome, and the name of the Fighting Water-holes is still retained by a portion of the creek near which two of the earliest settlers encounter ed with firc-armsa numerousparty of blacks, drivine them into the water. At first, the tale of the battle sounded stirring and war like, but the more I heard about it the more it became like the story of the three black crows. Painted ?warriors came wo men and children, the list of killed and wounded gradually became smaller, and as it -was certain that no bodies had been found on the scene of the battle, I began to Buspect that after all it had been bloodless. Twenty-six years, however, had sufficed al most to extinguish a race, and scarcely an aboriginal now hunts over this beautiful country, once tneir own. Along Jtoroite Creek some short distance above Coleraine — aslmeutionedin my last letter— there are numerous settlers who took up their lands under the occupation licences, and they are still farming their holdings, finding a market in Coleraine and Hamilton for their produce, or selling it to the sauatters about I could not find that any of these people had sold their possessions, or that they had failed to maintain themselves on the land in more or Jess comfort. On the Koonongwootong Creek, a little further on towards Casterton, two brothers named Templeton — formerly well known in and about Melbourne, as successful competitors in ploughing-matches— took an allotment of the maximum size. It embraced a bot tom or meadow of splendid deep black soil, and the higher ground beyond. On the latter they had placed sheep and cattle, and they cultivated the flats, getting as much as any misneis orwncat per acre. They were at work ploughing a paddock as I ?passed, while the earlier sown crop bad braided welL Offera of a tempting character had been made to them to sell out, but they preferred to hold by the excellent property they had won for themselves. Turning up the west bank of Koonongwootong Creek, and then keeping the crest of the hill, we crossed a very rich COUntrv. .ereat nart nf wliiMi ;» now the private property of Mr. William Swan, having been secured under the Duffy Act. The country is undulating, richly grassed, thinly timbered, and well watered. Its owner has to be congratulated on possessing* most desirable estate. Those who first settled here were plagued almost as much by the eaglehawks and native dogB as by the blacks, but poison in a very few yearedid its work. As many as seventy dead eaglehawks have been picked up in a morning, ana a outgo is not now to be ieeu. From Mr. Swan's house, snugly eituated on the eastern elope of a wooded lull, - magnificent view is obtained stretch ing . oy#r a wide expanse of country till the scene is shut in by the Victoria and Gram- j man ranges far in the distance. There! tuivB been some selections about here (areas I L , of Clarke and Hentyhurst). One of .these I ;jsajall*q natters had taken up an allotment j ,^ -touch contained a wateraoje, long in dispute ' ^ jppfe.J'betireen Messrs. Henty and Swan ; i ^Jjijiljte selector is not there now, and there ft§dpjw'Jonger'\iuiy quarrel over the water-] ||ij|j^MoBtflf the others bad disappeared] ifejffi«ssyg£p scene as completely as ne mo. WmmsMiaMmS'S'f ftygperis ghosts, they lad ^^^^a^^drM and vanished, leaving j WfflB&gmgi;&fvhere; they tad been— I a^HBaa|la|feffi«bie to the public He j jM|HH|8g'*to grow anything. 1 WfylmsBStBMB^mSmhiiveB where it baai iBMfftliffffin11 tmm ™ ' lMtt ***'» *'wl j^BggHKH|^Hfr»oId have tie] iau.i jurvi-vi-d i:iM feri:i-. a;-.; ii--t oat f- r anrii-.ilti.rai i-siri- ?=-, for \\\l.\di it v.vuM le rirnuily tal^-n ']\ A curious fact v,:;. n-,..i,:i-.MvVi t.. n.c !.-rv. TU- tiva.;:!iL- -?: cattle ami fliM-l'i ' w.wlJ .'ippt-ir, kn- ha'l the effect of cniisiiig fpiiii^ i0 ilTQa^- 'n\ where they were not known bef'ft:. SmaH creek.-, i' consequence, have become nf more importance than they were : new mies lisve apjiearcd : and some that wtiv dry in summer years ago are not so now. It 'is also stated that the character (if tin grasses had changed — a result probably attributable to the luanurins the land re ceives from the stock which feeds upon it. All through Clarke, Hentyburss scenery continued. We came in one or two places only on evidences of the neighbourhood of a selector, and it was apparent that what ever intentions the selectors might hare lisd they did not point to putting the hand t- the plough. In Ligarwood some of the stations had been all selected, but there were no torn fide people among the selec tors ; and they disappeared. Disallow ances in some cases w6re procured, fresh selections were made, and again the lucky mortals quietly withdrew themselves. There were no oats to be had here for love or money, so I concluded that abso lute want of a market did not drive them away. I took a distant look at Tarra youkyan, and then turning southwards, down the valley of the Wando, fell in with a fen- settlers on Corea Creek, who had all the appearances of botia fide tillers of the soil. They had built houses, fenced pad docks, felled trees, aud ploughed and sown. There were wives and children about, and I thought that here at least the wilderness had been invaded by some who aspired to create ' homes aud farms ' fur themselves. I was uota little surprised to find that they were mere employes put there to occupy the land against tue iree selector. By dusk Casterton was reached. This is the farthest west township in Victoria on the Adelaide line of road, and is prettily situated on the Biver Glenclg. It is more numerously populated than Coleraine. Here I ate some of the sweetest bread 1 ever tasted, made from flour grown in the neighbourhood. The secret of its sweet ness being that it would not pay to cart inferior or sea-borne flour to mis with it. So remote at present from a market is Cas terton district that wheat cannot be grown extensively at a profit, but the time will probably come when this will be one of the gardens of the colony. The soil is not inferior to that of Mount Gambier, from which wheat is now regularly exported. Port MacDonuell wheat being as well known in the Melbourne market as th.it of Adelaide. But then the South Australian Government has been judicious as well as liberal in its expenditure on roads, and the farmers of Mount Gambier can reach a Bbipping-port easily, from whence Sfel bourue or Adelaide can readily be supplied by steamer. Wherever English grasses have been sown in this neighbourhood they have thriven luxuriantly, aud proved them selves better adapted for the soil aud cli mate than the native grasses, bearing the heat of the summer well. Ten or fifteen miles north of Wando Dale, however, the laud becomes light. It will neither grow wheat nor oats without irrigation, but it is excellently adapted for vines. Much of this light land has been taken up under certificate, aud the bulk of that which is superior along the Gleuelg aud Wando has been purchased under the Duffy Act. Muutham lies north-east from Casterton, on the road to Coleraine. Crossing the Glen elg, an abrupt ascent, and a short drive through sand and heath, brings the travel ler to the foot of a range of gentle hills, at Cornell's Station (part of Mr. E. Henty's run), from the top of which a very fiue view is enjoyed. The hills of Muatham lie before us, green to the top, and away to the right, lower down, are the Merino Downs. — where, also. thi-n- is Knmn nf flu. very best land iu the colony. As we passed on we came upon a few of the usual traces of the selector. The road keeps along the crown of a ridge for some miles, affording fine views on both sides. We passed several fenced paddocks, where the plough had been or was at work. We saw two or three houses, and smoke rising where other settlers were located. Six or seven miles from Coleraine is Muntham house itself, in a hollow on the shoulder of the hill, facing eastwards. The gardens and cultivated ground round about it gave it a cozy appearance. All round the Roil continued to be of the best quality, watered by numerous creeks, the bauks of which showed the depth of the mould ; but the grass was still very short, and the number of skeletons of dead cattle and sheep about, proved that the winter, even on this favoured land, had been a trying one for stock. The sheep were of poor quality, and I was not surprised at their condition when I was informed that the station, splendid as it is, is seldom free from scab. This is the more surprising when we know that the owner of the flocks is wealthy, and that he has a manager reputed to be the best in all the district Mr. E. Henty, however, has a aice box at Portland, where he amuses himself among his flowers, and probably he does not disturb himself much about an acarus more or less among his merinoes. 