"Peeping Tom" at Bandwick. TO THE EDITOB OF THE AUSTRALASIAN. Sir,-I intended to hare given you an account of the racing at Kandwick, having Deen amusing myself at Sydney for the last six weeks, but jour able correspondent in that quarter has BO elaborately and successfully sup planted me in my good intentions, that I must content myself with dealing in generalities. On arriving in Sydney, after a very favour able passage of forty-eight hours (duriBg which, by-the-bye, I met a phenomenon, in the shape of a Scotch parson, who not only could talk horse grammatically, but seemed to take delight in the conversation, there is no animal in the world that improves so much by travel as a Scotch paison), I took up my quarters at my excellent hostess's, Mrs. JacobB, on Strawberry-hill, at whose hostelry every comfort for man and beast was amply supplied, and I have much pleasure in recommending her house to anyone taking horses to Sydney, not only on account of the accommodation, but, being situated at the extremity of the town, is just about half-way to the racecourse-which is a mile aud a half from her house-and to within a short distance of which omnibuses ply every five minutes to and from the city. Bandwick racecourse is the only piece of ground near Sydney where horses can take their galloping exercise. All those in training are to be seen there in the morning, and woe betide the unlucky owner of any that may go wrong; the innumerable touts have it all over town by ten o'clock, and he has as much chance of getting out of his difficulty as he has of getting on should he have a flyer, the morning's proceedings as to pace, action, time, num ber of sweats, distances gone, horses tried with, &c.;, being the general theme of conver sation in the little snuggery behind the bar at Tatteimll'e, over the threepenny drinks dis pensed by the smiling beauty, and deservedly general favourite, who plies the pump-handles behind the counter of the hotel kept byihat well-known and liberal sportsman, O'Brien. Bandwick racecourse is about three miles out of Sidney towards Botany Bay, being a hollow surrounded by and imme diately behind the rapidly-rising township of that name, built on the slopes facing the sea, thousands of pounds having been expended in making a good sound turf over the sands. The course i$ oval, being a mile and a quarter round; adjoining there is also a tan gallop of about a mile, generally made use of by those horses with weak understandings; bushes are kid over the maip course, so as to alter the running during training, so that the same ground be not traversed too often ; they also have the effect pf frightening young hones not accustomed to them. The tan at present is rather dull going, but'will improve in this respect every year, as the club spare no ex pense in top- dressing, hundreds of loads of street sweepings being thus last year laid over it. Eain has no effecton the turf, for the sub soil being sand, it escapes as fast as it falls. The grand stand is a long plain edifioe of wood, with the saddling paddock immediately inthejyear; stewards', weighing, and refreshment rooms underneath, ere all perfect sad con veniently situated. Everything seemed to work well, and the general management was good. Holies go out of the saddling paddock through ?a gate on the left of the «tand, returning through the lawn in frbht 'araa entering gate on the *ight, where the weigh ing yard is situated ithis is abetter system' 'thjjm keeping hones waiting on the coarse sur Hmndedbythe crowd until their turn comes Jor the jockey to be weighed. The starting during $he meeting was, with on£ $!»mtidn, excellent, and the tune well kppt, so fer m re gards the /distance of ewh race, but noj criterion id go bjr as fipmparedto Hie time; keptin Melbourne, fflte herpes aj» started from jabout #ne-hundred yards behind the pOft, why so £w Ido not see « a**NKm/fbr t ami thetime taken when the flitfc^o»e pMse« the post-ellin 'fjffl %»ji *ie jiwo-inileport w» Moat UqpSMi&t; ledistimce the&orseswereiwnhaliedbe; races, rule Wo. 42 in the English Buff, on the laws of racing with regard to starting, showing not only that running starts are not permitted, but where the horses are Btarted at the wrong side of the poBt, as was done in the Queen's Plate last year, the Btarter ought to have been fined fifty pounds, and the race declared null and void. With regard to the racing at Kandwick, I can add very little to what your correspondent has Bent you, although I cannot endorse all his opinions as gospel; for instance, in the Leger, one of prettiest races that I have ever seen for the first mile, and a cracker from begin ning to end, he says Angler threw away a splendid chance for "the prize by bolting. I cannot think he ever had a chance more than any other horse in the race. He did not bolt, but swerved from the whip, which was being plentifully applied to all the leading horses at the turn into the straight, when The Pitsford, who had all along been on the waiting suit, came through his horses, and made the pace too hot for all of them. CoBsack, a beau ideal of a racehorse, and a son of Sir Hercules, was my pick previous to the race, and if be had been as well as he was badly ridden he could not have loBt. His subsequent running with another jockey up quite confirms me in this opinion. Cossack is a dark cheBnut, stands about fifteen three, fine bold head Bet on to a lean arched neck, deep powerful shoulders, round barrel, strong back, and very lengthy muscu lar hind quarters, with legs of iron. I closely watched this horse's training, and the amount of work he underwent was enough for two decent-constitutioned hones-he iB by far the best youngster in the colonies, and I should imagine quite the master of Yattendon at weight-for- age, good though the latter be. I cannot agree with your correspondent as to the state Tarragon was in. However grand a horse he is, he could never have had the ghost jof a chance in the Cup with lOst. 101b. on him in such a light handicap, and previous to his start for the Queen's Plate the horse looked as well as I ever saw him, and his party made as sure of winning as if it were all over. He had done good and feet work to within a week of the races, when hie condition was pronounced perfect. He trod upon a stone, and hurt the frog of his foot. He was kept in doors for three or four days, which could do hiB condition no harm, had a good gallop before the races, also one in the Cup on Thursday, and although pulling up a little lame, hardly noticeable, he came out for the Queen's Guineas on Saturday fit as a fiddle. I heard Higgerson, whilst walking his terse to the post, say to Mr. Thompson, the owner of Cossack-who jokingly asked Johnny to have mercy on his youngster and not distance him-that his borse never was better. How ever, the running of the race is the proof of j what I aver. The time was 5min. 54eec. for three miles. For the first half mile all were holding hard-time, lmin. 6sec.; they then set to work, the two, Cossack and Tarragon, going at a tremendous pace, leaving Canobie hopelessly in the rear. I was fearful that each a pace would cook the young one, but as they came past the stand Cossack wu leading, well in hand; at the back of the course the old horse made two desperate rushes, and got to his tail each time, but only to fall back again, and although Higgerson plied whip and spur coming up the straight the last time, the three-year-old was let out, and won by several lengths with < and without ever being asked. Now, if you take one minute and six seconds from five minutes and fifty-four seconds, it leaves four minutes and forty-eight seconds for two miles and a half, or at the rate of three miles in five minutes forty- five and a half seconds, a pace unprecedented over the Rqndwick course, and I firmly believe from the ease with which Cossack won, he could have sustained this rapid pace throughout the three miles, or at all events within two seconds of it, more es pecially after running and winning a fast race of a mile and a quarter an hoar before. And sow a few words anent Yattendon and his party. He is one of those hones that would deceive the best judge in his training, as he is a lazy goer and gallops with a deal of knee action until he is fairly extended. Any one seeing him in his clothes with old Sam Holmes up of j a morning taking a breather, might make a mistake. He won hia race, however, like a racehorse, and is no doubt a good animal for two xnileB, but I should doubt nis ability to get much beyond this distance. Prom the manner he won the Gold Cup on Thursday, and the City Handicap on Friday, the public heaped their money on him for the Queen's Plate, to be run on Saturday. Calcutta sweeps were drawn in the evening at Tattersali's. Yatten don was eagerly bid for, and purchased at a long figure, and after all the investments were made, at eleven at night he was scratched. Why scratch a horse at eleven at night after hundreds bad been invested on him? The horse was engaged in the Band wick Handicap as well for Saturday j eo the public imagined bis owner thought his chance better in the mile and a quarter spin than for thine miles, thongh he took such a long time'and unseason able an hour to make up his mind. To retrieve their Jocses, his backers .piled it on for the Bandwick Hwdicwin 4ne morning, and all the double and treble beta included Yattendon for this event. Out of the frying-pan into the fir^ their consternation was great on arriving at tiieooune to find that atone o'clookhe had been scratched for this nee as well. If j tiring |ras wrong with the hone! ha ofcght to "havejiadthe pen put'through his name for both' events at the tame time, bat there was nothing wrong, ashe was brought out in the afterpoon looting quite fresh and well, and ran with the top weight 9st 61b. for the Forced : Handicap,amio8t the jeers, hisses, and yells of | the jnultatude.; Eounfortunate cur let loose upon a raoe course ever reoeived; each a booting reoeptioji as did Sum holmes and Yattendon. I was cony for' Sam, for lie was as modi bewildered about the scratching* as any one else. No reason was made pnblio for this unaccountable pro-I ana no no " no notice wastaken of it by the lttionties. U tfie horsM had not been bfcouihtout for <iie Forced Handicap, the public might have imagined there Was 'some tat)gib|e Keacm ior hisnot«tarting for the other noei { butieeing him ; oome out fresh an? blooming, t^indignation knew no I wniik'ie ooNdbavewon this ev⁢ is well, with all hU bumping weight f but Holmes, who is getting tiifidlnhi?old -^ting beUnd^ahdmnlaoeof hit kniTii M ffltwrninwltiM ; the eafor course ofgobg round nod nlknrinjs 2b, flWtto»<rar«liw -.(&*? ' ... ' ? ? : ' : ? ?? ? sixth victory at the meeting with Warwick j and as he had acme the best of the weights, to bis great astonishment. Yattendon has grown into a fine horse, and his condition reflects the greatest credit on his trainer; every muscle of his body was fully developed, his coat a glossy black, and his eye as clear as crystal. He stands sixteen hands at least, rather leggy, hack ribs light, short barrel, with a very strong muscular back and powerful hind quarters. His legs arc clean, but long from the knee downward^ In motion hie action is high, but when extended he goeB with a long and powerful sweep. In the saddling paddock, he walked and looked every inch a winner, and would be a dangerous customer in the next Melbourne Cup with 9st. on his back. As to the two-year-olds-Fishook and Budelight look the best on paper; but not so to my thinking. The Barb, another son of Sir Hercules, a real gem of a horse, and as etrong and well put together as one would wish to see, met them in the Two-year-old StakeB, and paced with them all the way to the distance post, when Budelight swerved, and drove the Barb across the course, which destroyed all his chance of the race. When Mr. Tait accused the rider of Budelight of doing it wilfully, the lad acknowledged the fact, but said he could not possibly help it. Mr. Tait accordingly refrained from entering a pro test. Under the circumstances, why the handicapper should have made a stone differ ence between Fishhook and The Barb in the Nursery Handicap, I am at a loss to know. Perhaps he was not patching the race. How ever, stone or no stone, the public would have nothing but the invinoible Hook-" by hook or by crook he must win." Determined not to be in danger this time, The Barb made the running from the commencement. Fisher's two could never catch him, and he came in an easy winner by lengths, without being touched, three-quarters of a mile in Imin. and 19sec. The race the first day took lmin. and 23sec. for the same distance. The Barb won his race with ease, with lots in band. Fisher's two were both severely , punished, and were exactly four seconds from the winner. Their positions in this race settle the absurd assertion that Fishhook was allowed to win the first day on sufferance, and although the Barb carried a stone less than Fishhook, he had all that to spare in a three-quarters of a mile spin. His running the first day, convinces me of this. Mr. Tait was very sanguine about this race. He knew from trials his colt could beat the time of the first race by several seconds, and his rejoicings, were only exceeded by his mental cal culations, "if Fishhook was worth 3,600 guineas, what was the value of the Barb ?" when he at last got relieved by solving the pro blem, " 5,000 guineas at least. I do notthink so much of By long as most people, for although he beat Budelight in the Nursery, he had a very light burden to carry, and he lack quality. That he is a good UBefiil colt I have no doubt, but nothing more. I fancied Sir John, Judge Cheeke's colt, as a fine, upstand ing horse, full of quality and good points, with plenty of size, but in no condition, having gone amiss previous to the races. Mr. Eales's colt, Old England, bred on the Hunter, is alBO a great, strapping horse, but did not put in an appearance at Bandwick owing to an accident, although he was brought down to measure strides with the great Fisherman tribe. The result of next year's Derby in Sydney, where so many of the Fisherman stock are engaged, will be looked for ward to with great interest, and I cannot help thinking, grand horses though they be, Mr. Filgate will not have that rosy time of it that his over sanguine temperament leads him to expect, should those three horses I have men tioned come fit to the post. Much more speculation in horse-racing takes place in Sydney than I was led to expect - as much, if not more, than there is in Melbourne, and there are many more private gentlemen engaged in the sport. Tattersall's room, which is much more commodious for the pur pose than our limited accommodation at the Albion, was nightly well attended, and on Bome occasions very full, business never seemed to flag; and when the metallicers slacked their operations, Calcutta sweeps on all the events were largely dealt in. A couple of clerks got full employment and good pay, five per cent being deducted for expenses, and the business was carried on in an orthodox manner, the auctioneer growing quite eloquent at times on the merits of the favourites, several thousands of pounds being invested in this way during a meeting. Some of the bookmakers object to this system of speculation, as interfering with their business; but I am of opinion they are quite mistaken, and if such a system were once adopted with us, it would be the means of drawing together many a full room, instead of the humdrum meetings which have lately taken place in the Albion, the result all talk and no business; and many more bets would be booked in-a full meeting of sporting men than when the audience is chiefly composed of book makers. Taking them for all in all, the Sydneyites are doing remarkably well, and their late Randwick Meeting was a most decided sucsess. Your obedient servant, , PEEPING TOM. 