AN EXCURSION £A HINT FOR TUB OHIHSTMAS HOLIDAYS. A short time after the institut! 'cheap excursion trips, and when the leoome the "rage to à degree which ao\ revolutionised the bid fashioned st lome habits of the middle class of Eng ahandsomo, swift, and oommodiou3st< "was chartered to convey its freight of nure seekers .from Liverpool, along picturesque northern coast of Wah Caernarvon, The prospectus issued b; speculator waa eminently a seductive and had drawn, at the hour of departí most numerous, respectable, and in tell, company together, bent on sociability, lumour, and enjoyment. ' The excursion lo occupy three days. We were to for'an hour, at Rhyll, recently becom< Tiriue of its beautiful sandy beac] favourite watering place to the inhabit vjf tho border counties, as well as to Li jool, Birkenhead, Cheater, and Shrewsb and put in to Aberconway for dinner ai jetroll-so that those who had the incl lion might have the opportunity of exai 5ng Conway Castle, architecturally the r exquisite ruin in the' principality, al thc anforior in grandeur of extent and s .other particulars, to the truly royal strc told nt Cornarvon, our terminating po the plan. This programme was to be vc cn the return to Liverpool by a call at City of Bangor Beaumaris and magnificent OrmeB Bay, which we shi only see in the distance as .went. The arrangements of the in mediate day contemplated a divisioc the- Tourists - into two oompani for one of which vehicles had t engaged for its conveyance to pass of Llanberris.: . It was to lu st tho Dol bardon Hotel, which was to j "vide a relay of carriages to skirt round northern base pf Snowdon and Mool di io Betty's Gannon and the Cwellyn lal "where having taken up the more advent ous' party who had made the ascent fi Xlanberris, and came down on the oppoi Bide, they were to proceed to Beddgeleri dinner, and visit the celebrated pass Abergllaslyn. Thia pass is on the most tractive road to Fortmadoc, and the pon' a favourite position for artists and touri as the principal fall ls.dose to the brid "which commands the most picturesque vi of the pass, and tho "wonderful prosp towards Pestiniog and Pengyrn. Portmhi ÎB situated on the estuary of Trae th Ma "Which opens into Cardigan Bay, a migl expanse of water separated from that Cornarvon by the south western portion that county called the promontory of Llej and stretching from north to south, alo ihe whole extent of Merionethshire, Can ganshiro, and Pembroke, to St David's Het which separates it from St, Bride's Bi "which lies between it and Milford Haven. The pass of AbergUaslyn is itself a see of wonderful interest andgrandeur. Wi only the breadth of the road and the foamij fiver betweon, the rocks , of the mounta xaiiire rise up overhanging and nearly pe pendioular for more than a thousand fe above your head, and are, in most parts, i: accessible to anything but the wild goal "which haunt mid air its dangerous ledge and innumerable birds of prey. The riv Tushes with indescribable fury down usu Cession of broken falls, and steeply inolinir races, and its roar is so deafening that ye are bewildered by the din of the tumul .To amuse the other party, consisting of th older, less energetic, and the juveniles, was proposed to make a short cruise abor. Cornarvon Bay, between Porthdnellyn net the western extremity of the Keifell Moun tains, and Aberffraw on the western aspee of Anglesea. On the site of this latte place the Princess-of North Whiles once ha e magnificent palace,'and it was tho favour Ste residence of the great Llewelyn, th Jtobert Bruce of his country. It was here at an Eisteddvod, some few yoars before that the Dean of Bangor fired off one of th most spasmodically concocted puns eve conceived by a man in the full possession o iis intellects. Why are the Poles of th ?refreshment tentB like the people who ar lunohing on the beach ? Beoause they an digging into the sand which is (Sandwiches) Poor old gentleman, he is now at res Beyond tho region of absurdity ; but in thii life he was one of those jooular Churcl dignitaries who thought a man might bi merry and wise and religious to boot, and had far too much kindliness in his heart and learning in his head,, to fear severity o; criticism from those among whom he was the universal favourite ; because he had gained their affections by tho affability and benevolence of his oharacter. He was an llnglishman, the brother of Lord Comber- mere, and had learned Welsh late in life, in order that ho might preach to and aounsel his people in the only language, they, foi the most part, understood ; and the use ol which, by a stranger, was an undeniable passport to their hearts. Fow excursions, in any part of the globe, I should imagine, oould have been selected "whioh contained in an equal extent so many beautiful prospeots and objects of interest. Trom the time that you pass the broad om houbhure of the Dee, the coast is one un- broken succession of the most romantio dosoription of soenory. Pirat, through mng xificent and une xpected openings in the lower heights near the sea you cntch a view of the Clydian Hills towering above each other in wild confusion far beyond St. Asaph, and fading away like clouds of mist in the interminable distance to tho south. After you pass Rhyl another grand and picturesque group of mountains unfolds itself in tho rear of Abergele ; and straight before, thrusting' out it's vast proportions liko an invading thunder oloud, and hurling its nativo billows far back into tho Irish Sea, the lofty promontory, stretching from Llandrille to the great Ormes Head, with tho lovely bay between, seems to have started up from the deep for the especial purpose of staying your further progress to tho woBt. To weather this formidable head- land, so grand but so pitiless in its mien, is sometimes an undertaking of tho. utmost danger ; and some terrible shipwrecks havo ocourrod in tho attempt. In wild weather tho Bwoll of tho sea ia terrino, and in a north-east wind shipB from the Mersey and tho Doe can hardly «vade the rocks whick project their huge jagged masses olothed lu the armour of death to dash thom to pieces in the shook. ¥e were more favoured, for nothing could be more propitious for our purpose than tho beautiful June day we had got. After we had rounded the Head, the Menai Strait, between Aberconway" and Puffin Island, at the eastern extremity of the opposite ~Anglesea~coast," opened "in" an unbroken expanse before us. Thé '? Menai, if measured from the great Ormes Head, would he fully thirty miles in length ; but ifc is'usual to regard it as commencing at Aberj which reduces the distance to little more than twenty. In this extent is spread a multitude of bold, unrivalled, and splendid prospeots ; and I have heard many who were.fully competent to speak on the subject, declare that they,had seen nothing, within, the limits of an equaldistance'on the Rhine, which could compare for panoramic enchant- ment with tho scenes on its shores. As you pass down the middle of the here widely expanded channel, you have Penmaen Mawr rearing his gloomy and almost perpendicular, front for more than fifteen hundred feet above the sea, on your left; 'and opposite, on the right, in a situation unrivalled for prospect, stands Beaumaris, flanked by "its checquered groves and rooks, which impart so Mediterranean and classical an effect to that pet part of Anglesea around it The chief attractions, however, are on tho Cornarvonshire side ; for there is nothing on the Anglesea shore, after you leave the. environs of Beaumaris, which calls for particular attention-unless if may be Plas Newydd,.a stately mansion belonging to the Marquis of Anglesea. There is quite enough,, however, on the other side to occupy your' mind. The lovely, so called, Vale of Cornarvon, whioh is, in fact, tho extended slope of the base of the mountain range which reaches its extreme point of depres- sion at the straits, sweeps with a breadth, varying from a few hundred yards to nine or ten miles, from Bangor to the Bay ; and the Suowdonian Mountains which hem it in on the south, aro but a part of the whole vast range, whioh reaches above forty^ miles, as the crow flies, from' Penmaen Mawr on the east, to near Porthdnilleyn on the west. Its highest peaks are Geer Llewellyn, Oner David, -and the majestic Monarch of the Cambrian mountains himself, ' from whose summit, Ireland, Scotland, England, and the Isle pf Man, are all visible in fine clear weather, while Anglesea looks like a verdant carpet spread close beneath your feet. Snowdonia was once considered a royal foreBt, but tho actual woods must have been but partially distributed, in so exclusively a mountain region as it is, extending, with its numerous* offshoots, over the larger portions of Caer- narvon, Merioneth, Denbigh, Montgomery, and Radnor. The larger masses, in fact, chequered with many beautiful valleys, almost entirely encumber tho surface of Caernarvon and Merioneth shires. Cornarvon is a county town, and formerly was the largest in north Wales, although it seemed so ridiculously miniature, within its walls, to Englishmen from London, Liverpool, and Manchester, that they could not avoid making a jest of its municipal dignity. It-is, however,- very* beautifully situated, and in the highest degree interest- ing, both from the considerable remaina'of its ancient wall, and the noble ruin which joins it, and constitutes its glory. It stands on an angle, formed by the Menai and the Soiont, a small river, which has its origin in the Lakes of Llanberris, forms the har hour of Cornarvon at its mouth, and opens into the straits at the foot of the Eagle Tower of the Castle. The climate is so mild that myrtles remain ont all the year in the I open air, and the hydranger is a common shrubbery plant. As I had done Snowdon several times before, when a resident in its neighbourhood, and, in faot, was pretty conversant with all the scenery around, I preferred. to stay on board, and enjoy the quiet cruise proposed in the bay, from whence you command a moun- tain panorama of indescribable magnificence and extent. This bay is about four miles from the town, and the Menai opens into it through a narrow mouth called Abermenai, formod by two tongues of sandy shore, whioh approach probably within a hundred and fifty yards of each other. . These were assuredly, in former times, united, and con- stituted a feeble barrier to the ocean which some tempest-driven tide broke through and separated Anglesea from the mainland. Here, on the Cornarvon shore, is a sort Of folly or fancy fort belonging to Lord New- borough, ana appropriated to the indulgence of his nautical tastes. It has a wet and dry dock, and all the conveniences requisite for the stowage and repairs of his beautiful steam yaoht, a smart schooner employed on his Lordship's affairs between Liverpool and home, and a variety of other small craft in which he is a great connoisseur. It is merely his prívate seaport and bathing establishment, for his residence is situated in a princely park at the foot of the moun- tains, and five or six miles from the sea. I-Ie derives his title from a miserable little town in Anglesea, of which, and an exten- sive estato around, I believe he is the exclu- sive proprietor. * Though beautiful and magnificent to look at, Cornarvon Bay is for from bearing a reputable character ; being, what they call, a condemned one at Lloyds, and an utter abomination to all the insurance offices in London, Liverpool, and Bristol. It has an amazingly grand semicircular sweep of shore, but is too open-mouthed and exposed, for seourity in a heavy sea; and God help the unfortunate crew of the vessel which is driven into it by a south-west gale;; for it will infallibly drive her on to the fatal Mal draith or. Newborough sands, or dash her against the rooks at the foot of the Lland- ' wyn light house. In my time it was a splendid fishing ground, but the market was too contracted for tho profitable sale of one tenth of its produce, I havo often bought a handsome turbot for a shilling, and a dozen good sized solos for tho same, and as for mackerel and herrings in tho season, gar-fish, cod, gurnet, mullet, and brill, you might almost name your own prioe, for tho pick of tho boats, as they oamo in. Excellent oysters wore abund- ant, and BO were shrimps, prawns, crabs, crayfish, and lobsters. During three or four summer months, the prices would riso in some degree, in oonsequonoo of tho influx of visitors : but on the whole, what with its mountain mutton, the ever available dish of trout, its eggs, its butter, its salmon, and its poultry, good living could always be in- dulged in at a very reasonable expense. Since the railroads, however, have olasped Cornarvon in their iron embrace, in "this particular, it has undergone ' some ohango. ChesterfLiverpool, Manchester, Shrewsbury, and even Birmingham and London draw on her largely for'supplies: and though, of course, the town on the whole, derives great benefit ;from tho trade, the prices are higher to the residents than before. The" mountains, however; still remain at their old fignré ; and we bad a most B'atisfaotary view of them from'tho .broad bosom of the then plaoid bay.., :To ,the south were the blue Reifeiis, three mountains " in a range of exquisito beauty of contour. Snowdon was before us, , surrounded ¡ by , his immediate satellites the triple Hebog and Moel Sea bod ; while : a host of others, exposing their interminable throng, Rooked like an army of frowning, gods about tb do battle for their divinity. By-and-by. the sun got more round to the west, and[ the mists which had capped some of the . loftiest peaks vanished like-magic, in the full flood bf his afterno.on, rays. The rooks glittered wUh a. dazzling light, the heath-covered-sides.seemed, ablaze with his' beams, and-every-cleft and-yawn-^ ing ohasm; which broke through the syrome: try bf outline, looked .like darkclouds, in the orient, embossed with the gold of the morn- ing. Thus, we spent the day,'drinking even to intoxication, inspiring draughts, of [the beauties of 'nature, revealing her brightest of charms ; .and as we relumed through the Aber to Cornarvon tho eagle tower of 'that ruined .regal fortress rose proudly up' before us, in the eye, of the setting orb, like, one of the warrior angels who guarded the ap- proaches to Eden. Thou stately Pile, sublime andjhoar, ; That frown'st above the Seiont shore ; Though now, like some .old King, discrowned, Thy grim renown still girds ihee round : And still thy shattered turrets stand , The'glory of this mountain land. ' Far o er yon straits majestic sweep, . A silent watchthy shadows keep ; . Thc Fisher skimming o ar its foam, . ; When distance shrouds.his humble home, The eagle towers gigantic height,.. ,, . . Salutes with pride, as beacon, líf»ht ; r. And needs no pharos, like a star . , Shooting itu changeful beams afar, His track along the billows tide, . , , . ' 'Mong' sands'and iron "reefs to guide ; : But in the Huge old landmark hails. Thc pilot who directs his sails. _ , . , What, though" thy days of pomp are gone The harp is mute, and bugle horn Which once made Cambrian valleys ring, ,; With revels of a Norman^^King Though moan Ithe winds through (empty, balls, And jackdaws ch atter round thy walls ; Nor more,-the dread portcullis grates, . Nor warders sentinel the gates "e Although thy courts no Falconers throng, Nor vaulted roofs resound the song Nor lords, nor high-born ladies fair, Gay measures tread and banquets share Though feudal rlile, a better age " Hath hurled for ever from thc stage ; Old fortress, thou art grander now, With ruin scathing deep thy brow, Than when, 'neath rep al canopies, Llewellyn's leniage bon! its knees To kings whose race was'all unknown, When legends traced theCymri'.s throne, Through lists of sceptred heroes proud, Till lost in time's deep haze of cloud. " - As from the'beach'recedes'thé'sèai ' ' '' The tide of time rolls back from thise, \\., The tongues of eras long gone by ' ' ? To hailing fancy's voice reply-" Dim shadowy forms before me sail, Half telling some mysterious tale ; The naught oppressors misused power, The secret records of each tower ; While every niche its ghost reveals, To tell some crime the tomb conceals. From yonder arch, so grey with.years, The great Plantagenet appears- , Stern, wise, majcstical, he seems, A model for ambition's dreams, . His baby son. and gentle queen I Like angels smiling on the scene ; Now issues forth a long array. Of figures famous for, their day The brave, the victim, and the.fair. Thc bloody and the just are there; But few distinguished o'er the rest As being'of their kind the best; Till, with a frown as grim as night. Thc dread protector looms in sight. He speaks, and nt the fatal sound, The roar of cannon shakes the ground ; The giant towen reel and rock Beneath thc fiery missiles shock ; The shivered portals burst in twain, And conquest tramples o'er the slain, And leaves thee, as thou yet dost stand, ¡ The noblest ruin of the land. Long may thc sap of ape and storm I Respect thy venerable form ; Nor on enc pinnacles embrazured wall, i May rending flash of lightning fall.i A faithful chronicler remain, . Of what hath been the Briton's gain c Since mighty Edward's ruthless sway Swept Cambria's bardic lore away ; When thc sage Despot's stern decree Was challenged by no Freeman's plea ; And Barons more remorseless still, Less wisc in thought, moro fierce in will, O'er abject serfs waved power's rod, And on thc rights of Justice trod. Why cannot we have some of these cheap marine excursions in the approaching Christmas Holidays ? There are plenty of places whioh could be done in three .'or..four days, which would amply repay the time and expense bestowed on a visit. There are the Five Islands and Broken Bay, and I am told that tho Hawkesbury Uiver is rich in romantic und beautiful scenery. If some spirited speculator would take the hint, be liberal as regards accommodation, ?<and generous in respect to the commissariat, I have no doubt there are numerous other localities, within the reach of our citizens^ which would attract a large and happy gathering bf excursionists, and afford him a 'rich return for the .trouble and hazard he inourrcd. What is there in this world of toil and oare so jolly, as an occasional escape from the trammels of business into tho abandonment of innocent and healthy re- creation by those who but- rarely haye the I onbortunitv of pronerlv enjoying a Holl day? " ANGLIOANUS. OLD-VAOEB TrpB-At n typo-foundor'e feast, hold ! in tho Crystal Palace during August last, Mr. Caslou' montioned tho curious fact that matrices from punohos originally cut hy William Caslon, in 1725, woro now taken down for dally uso, after having baan laid aside sinco 1772 as obsolote-nearly flt tr yoars af tor their Orot invention-"For," said Mr. H.* Caslon, " with tho returning taste for tho beautiful in form-a necessary ' coneoquonoo of tho greater popularisation of art. in these times-tho old-faced typo had oome to bo regarded as tho most elegant letters within tno range of typo- graphy." Karun. MoaB.-Can tho coarss, gritty tooth powders and tooth-destroying chemical fluids Omi a place on the tal eta of sensible people, lbs fragrant and preservative Sowdont has superseded dum au. 