OUR RAILWAY PROGRESS— Xo. 2. TO THE EDITOR OF THE SOUTHERN ARGCS. Sir — I begin this letter by asking whether nothing can be done against the vis inertias opposed to progress, mentioned in my last? Arc we in South Australia, in this year of grace 186G, to accept as satisfactory a system of locomotion between Victor Harbor and Strathalbyn somewhat inferior to that enjoyed by the Romans of Pompeii 2,000 years ago ? And is it beyond the power of scientific ciurineerinff to eive us a railway traversed bv trains at a velocity of from 20 to 30 miles an hour at a practicable cost, and capable of being rendered remunerative to the proprietor with fares and freights approximating to the low charges of Belgium and the United States ? The problem was solved for us upwards of 30 years ago bv an ingenious American engineer who was employed to construct a railway between Charleston in South Carolina and Augusta in Georgia, a distance of 136 miles, with a capital of only .£240,000, or less than .£2,000 per mile, to include stations and rolling stock. .Now, he might have copied the details of the Liverpool and Manchester railway, and have expended the whole upon the first six miles of the line, or he might have constructed a tramway like our Victor Harbor and Goolwa line at a cost of between £3,000 and £4,0^0 per mile for about half the distance, upon which goods might have been transported at 6d. or 8d. per ton per mile, and such few pas sengers as might think fit to avail themselves of so miserable a velocity. But instead of doing either of these things he constructed a railway with easy gradients the whole dis tance (carrying the line often 20 feet above the natural surface in order to obtain those easy gradients, at a cost of .£1,616 per mile, (including rolling stock), upoa which passen gers were carried at 24 miles an hour at low fares, and goods at so low a rate as to draw some of the traffic from the Savannah river to the Port of Charleston, and yet so as to make the line remunerative to the proprietors. If we could do nothing else we might at least take a leaf out of the book of the American engineer. What man has done man may do, but scientific engineering ought not to require or to be ruled by precedents. If the heavy iron horse, as used in Australia, is unsuited to our circumstances, an engineer well up in his profession ought to be able to find a substitute. The flesh and blood horse competed upon the Liverpool and Manchester railway for the .£.000 prize with iStephenson's ' Rocket' and Ackworth's ' Sanspareil,' not by trotting along the line, but by working a horse engine so arranged as to move at about double the velocity at which the horse (a heavy one) walked. The 16 miles per hour attained by | the '* Rocket' threw the horse-engine into the shade ; but, like Fulton's first steamboat, it exemplified a principle which any thoughtful . man could see might be modified to action by altering the details. There is no greater difficulty in obtaining a speed of 20 or 30 miles per hour by means of horse power than by steam power. Which may happen under given circumstances to be the cheaper of the two depends upon the relative cost of engines, horses, attendance, fuel, and fodder ; the fame effects may be obtained from either. By working a horse at a low velocity, and obtain ing speed by gearing, you obtain the maximum of useful effect from the exertions of the animal, which can never be obtained from any heavy breed of horses when pushed beyond three miles an hour. Then, Mr. Editor, there is the power of compressed air, which has generally been objected to on a somewhat more scientific ground than that which Sir Joseph Banks opposed to placing a steam engine in a ship, viz., that the power required to com press the air is greater by the amount of i friction than the compressed air can afterwards irive out ; and besides, the capacity of elastic fluids for heat increasing with expansion, air compressed to 40 atmospheres would only expand to 27 times its bulk instead of 40, until a sufficiency of heat bad been absorbed to enable it to resume its normal condition. These objections may be partially met by judicious arrangements ; but 4 eveu if they existed in their full force, and that wind fans (common windmill sails) of the collective power of 20 horses were required to give an effective power of 10 horses in the propulsion of trains, it is possible that there may still be a pound?, shillings, and pence balance in favor of compressed air as compared with locomotive ttteam power in this colony, where coke is ten times as dear as in England, while wind power costs only the same as in the latter country, in the present case, the wear and tear of wind fans and air pumps, plus interest upon prime cost. I cannot go into the matter within the limits of this letter, but perhaps I may do so upon a future occasion. Now, I would ask Mr. Editor, what is there to prevent our having a railway from Victor Harbor to Adelaide, passing through the most thickly populated and most fertile dis tricts of the province, and placing us within wo hours, distance of the capital ? Two mighty giants stand in the way, and the names of tho-ie giants are Ignorance and Stupidity. They arc powerful, Mr. Editor, but not quite unconquerable ; I will venture to attack the giant Ignorance if you will grapple with his big brother, and possibly we may be able to slay them as little David did Goiiah of old ; and though their ghosts will doubtless arise, there are exorcisms by which they may be laid, and then the genius of Progress will con struct th« railway in a twinkling. ' Courage ntid onward !'' b?. our motto. ' But wlt.it can be done? The Act has been passed , and the first sod of the tramway turned, iitnl the works must proceed as they have been designed.' f reply — Not necessarily so. We have now a Government professedly anxious not only to do justice to the South, but to govern the whole province in the best manner possible, particularly to carry on public works fo as to ho of the. greatest general utility. We mav nfsninc then, that our Government is as good as that of Belgium 32 years ago. Most JSnuih AustrnlifuiH would, no doubt, think llii-ra^elves insulted if told that our democratic institutions are not better than the more con servative institutions of that country. Well, t'leii, Mr. H'Jitor, in default of atiy better course being pointed out, our Government can now do what the Government of Belgium did at that ' tiiiw. What that was, I will explain as briefly as possible. The Belgian laws of 1st of May 1834, and of the 26th of May 1837, authorized the con struction, at the expense of the State, of four great lines of railway, which should diverge from Malines as a common centre. The gene ral ruling gradient proposed was very favorable, not exceeding one in two hundred ( 1 in 200), with the exception of the Liege inclines of 1 in 36 to be worked by fixed engines ; but a portion of the eastern line between Liege and the Prussian frontier, through very difficult country, was originally designed by the engineers, M. M. Simons and De Ridder, in 1S33, with numerous sharp curves and steep gradients, which upon recon sideration were considered very objectionable, and accordingly, in 1835, fresh surveys were ordered. During the progress of the surveys, M.Vifquain, inspector of the ponteef chaussecs, in presenting a report upon a proposed branch railway to Namur, pointed out the incon veniences resulting from the use of inclined planes, and M. Nothoinb minister of public gorks, desirous of having the most complete information on a subject fo important, before making a decision which might afterwards have been regretted, in July, 1838 directed a commission of engineers to ascertain from personal survey whether it would be possible to reach the Valley of the Mense by gradients of about 1 in 200, so as to do away altogether with the Liege inclined planes. On the 20th of October following this commision reported that in the various direc tions proposed or thought of for avoiding the inclined planes, extraordinary works, not only of great cost and almost impossible to execute, but really dangerous, would be necessary ; and consequently the system of inclined plane3 was submitted to as the least of several evils, and finally approved of by a ministerial decree of the 29th of October, 1S3S. The commission of engineers, however, still remained occupied with the project of the last portion of the eastern line from Pepinster to the frontier. This project gave rise to long discussions, amongst others on the question whether the high ground of the frontier was to be arrived at by means of a continuous incline to be worked by locomotives, or by an inclined plane to be worked by a fixed engine. Three different plans had been proposed or at least suggested by M. Simons the directing engineer ; and on the report of the commission of engineers specially charged with the exami nation of the designs, one, with an inclined plane at Dolhain, was approved of on the 18th of March, 1840. The route with the inclined plane having been adopted against the advice of M. Simons, that gentleman brought forward, in the course of the month of August, a new design, similar in every respect with that adopted on the 18th of March preceding with the exception of the. substitution of a continuous incline of 1 in 125 f one in a hundred and twenty five) for the in clined plane (of 1 in 37 ). Tin's last plan was approved of on the 8th of September, 1840, without having been submitted to the council of t\\\epo)ifs el chausscs (corresponding to our Central Road Board], the adjudication of the works took place oh the 30th of the same month, and they were let on the 10:h of October. ' Soon, however, fears manifested themselves as to the difficulties, and even danger, which might attend the working of such steep gradients (1 in 125) when their extent was considered (2£ miles) ; and the minister of public works directed M. Vifquain, inspector of the ponts et chaussecs. to examine into the real state of the ease, and by his advice ap pointed a commission directed to proceed to England in order to observe the effect of steep gradients on the progress of trains on the English lines, and to embody the information thus acquired in the replies to a series of questions drawn up for that purpose.' The report of this commission, which con tains much valuable information on the prac tical working of steep gradients, in establishing the fact that an engine with 12 inch cylinders that would be able to draw on a gradient of 1 in 200 a gross load (including engine and tender of 70 tons), at from 13 to 16 miles an hour, would be able to ascend a gradient of 1 in 125, at the same velocity, with a gross weight (including engine and tender, of 50 tons) fully confirmed the views of j\L Simons, and showed that at the price of fuel in Belgium the working of such gradients would not he injuriously expensive, though had fuel been i four times as dear the result might possibly have been different ; but there was nothing in the report to show- M. Simons that it would be expedient to construct railways with gradients of I in 60 (one in sixty) eo unscrupulously adopted by our colonial engineers in cases where the cost of fuel is a heavy and most im portant item, though by bo doing a large per ce.ntage of the heavy construction cost between Liege and the frontier might have been saved. The final result of the careful consideration and frequent reconsideration which the Belgian government bestowed, during a period of seven years, upon almost every question which arose in the design and construction of a railway through a most difficult line of country is that a traveller may enter a second class carriage at Malines (or at Ostend) — for only ' princes, Englishmen, and fools,' ever travel in the first class — and go to the Prussian frontier at 20 miles per hour for less than one penny per mile, while in England and its colonies he must pay from 2^- to 6 (two and a half to six) times as much for infinitely worse accommo dation. In the preceding account of the progress of the Belgian eastern line, it will be recollected that when one of three designs prepared by M. Simons, showing an inclined plane to be worked by a stationary engine, had been ap proved, and when subsequently M. Simons prepared another design, tiie government im mediately reopened the question to ensure that nothing should be done that might afterwards be regretted ; and that even after the works had been let, the commission upon the gradients was Appointed. Contrast this with the action of our own Government some time ago under analogous circumstances. The Chief Engineer (under pressure) prepared a design for thft Victor Harbor works which he did not himself fully approve of; it was, nevertheless, considerably better than the proposed scheme of the Marine Board, inasmuch as it contem plated future extension and improvement. I The chief engineer subsequently prepares other designs with the object of affording greater facilities to shipping in discharging and receiving their cargoes, but still ia ac cordance witti thnt officer's original views, and submitted them to the Government. The Government however say that the first design having been .approved, like the laws of Medes and Persians, it cannot be altered, and disre gard the remonstrances of the engineer, and treat with contempt respectful memorials from the citizens chiefly interested in the successful completion cf the works, and pig-headedly carry them on in such a manner as to be com paratively useless when completed. In conclusion I have to observe, that what we in Australia at the present time require, and what modern science ought to be able to give us, is a speed of not less than 20 miles (twenty miles) per hour for passenger trains, and a charge in no case exceeding four pence per ton per mile for goods. It is a matter of indifference whether the speed for passenger trains be attained by steam power, horse power, or the power of compressed air. The feasibility of propelling trains by the last men tioned means may be worth examination in a country where the cost of fuel forms so heavy an item in the expenditure for tractive power. 1 am, Sir, yours, &c;, VIS VIVA. August 7, 1866. P.S. — The proper line to connect Victor Harbor and Goolwa with Adelaide would be that suggested by Mr. Delisser, and thus al luded to in a report from that gentleman to the Central Board of Main Roads (Parl. paper Xo. 41, 1859). ' In conclusion, I would observe that although the route reported on would appear to be the best for a road, from ihe observations that 1 have had an op portunity of making of the country between Kn counter Bay and Adelaide, I believe 1 am justified in saving that it appears to afford facilities ior milling a tramway adapted to horse, if not steam power, although such line would necessarily take a very different direction to that of the existing fcouth-rcad, or the portion herein reported on.' Mr. Delisser's line would form a junction with the Middleton and Strathalbyn line at the long swamp of the Finniss. Its advan tages are thus summarised in a letter upon the subject published in the Register some three or four years ago : — ' This line would kill three birds with one stone — it -would connect the Murray navigation with the capital, -would give railway accommodation to a long line oftlie most densely populated and highly cul tivated districts of the province, and furnish the citizens of Adelaide -with easy access to their water ing places, and give them a choice of several new ones along the greater part of the coast between Glenelg aud Encounter Bay ; while from the large amount of traffic that might be reasoaably antici pated, it would be likely to pay better under low charges than any other line in the provinc.' 