A1UMADALE. .DY WILKIE COLLINS. 3OOK TIIE TItRD.--CHAPTETR I. Prom O:ias Mllidwinter to ?ir. Broclk. "Thorpe-Ambrose, "June 15th, 1851. "DeAn MIe. BInoci,-Only an hour since we reached this house, just nos the servants wore locking up for the night. Allan has gone to bed, worn out by our long day's jonrney, andi has left me in the room they call the library, to tell yoen the story of our journoy to Norfiolk. Being better seasoned thnn he is to fatigues of all kinds, my eyes are quite wakeful enoegh for writing a letter, thoagh the clocki on the mantelpiece points to midnight, anti we have been travelling since ten in the morning. "The last news you had of its was nows sent by Allan from the Isleo of Man. If I am not mistaken, hlie wrote to toll you of the night we passed on board tlhe wreocked slhip. Forgive me, dear MIr. Brock, if I say nothing on that sulbject until tino'ehas helped me to think ofit wiih a quieter mind. Tihe hard fight against myself must all be fuightlt over again; but I will win it yet, plhase God; I will indeed. "There is no need to trouble you with any account of our journeyings about tihe northern and western dlistricts of tlhe island; or of the short cruises we took wvlen the relpairs of the yacht were at last conmplete. It will be better if I get on at once to the morning of yesterday-tie fourteenth. We lihad come in with the night-tide to Douglas nharbour; andl, as soon as the post-oflice was open, Allan, by my advice, sent on shore tor letters. The nmessenger returned wil one letter only; and tihe writer of it pirovedl to bhe the fornmer mis tress of Tlhorpe- Amnbrose-MIrs. Blanchard. '"You ought to be informed, I thinlk, of the contents of this letter; for it hlas seriously influenced Allen's plans. IIo loses every thing, sooner or nloter, as you know, antl lie lhas lost the letter oroeady. So I must give yon tihe substance of what MIrs. Blnchard wrote to hlim, as plainly as I can. "The first pago nnoinced the depnrturo of the Indies from Thorpo-Ambroso. 'lThey left on the slay blefire yesterday-the thlir teenlh--hving, after much helsitation, finlly elecidedl on going abroad, to visit somen oli friendls settled in Italy, in the neiglhbourliodl of Florence. It appears to bo quite possible . tlat'Mrs. Blanclhard and her niece may settle there too, if tlhey can find n suitable honse and grounds to lot. They both litke tihe Italian country and the Italian people, anil they are well enough off to please themselves. The oldier lady hais lher jointure, antl tihe younger is in possession of all her father's fortune. " 'lhe next page of the letter was, in Allen's opinion, far from a pleasant page to road. After referring in the most grateful terms to the kinidness whlichl had left her niece amid hlerself fireo to leave their old homeo at their own tine, Mrs. Blanclhardl added thatlit Allan's considerate conduct had produced such a strongly fivourable impression amongi the friends and dependloents of the fiimily that they were desirous of giving him a puiblic reception on his nrrivdl among them. A preliminary meeting of the tenants on the nstate and the prinucipasl persons in the neigsh bouring town, ihad already been held to discuss the arrengements; and a letter miight be expected Ashortly fi'om thle clergymann inquiring when it woulih suit Mlr. Armudaele's convenience to take possession personally and nubliclv of his estates ini Norfolk. "You will now be able to guess tile causo of our sudden departure from the Isle of hlan. The first and foremost idea in your old pupil's mind, as soon ns he had reoad Mrs. elanchnrd's uccount of the proceedings at the meeting, was the idea of escaping the public reception; and the one certain way ihe could see of avoiding it was to stalrt for Thorpe-Ambroso before the clergytman's letter could reach him. I tried hard to mko him tlhink a little before he acnoted on his first imputlse in this matter; but he only went on packing his portmanteau in his own impenetrably good-humoured way. In ten minutes his luggngae was ready; andi in five minutes more he Ihad given the crew directions for taking the yacht back to Somersetshlire. The stenmer to Livoronool was alongsidn of us in the harbotr, and I lhadd really no choice bit to go on board with hiim, or to let him go by himself. I spare you the account of our stormy voyage, of our deten tion at Liverpool, and of the trains we missed on our journey across the cotntry. Ytou know that we Ihave got hero safely, and that is eoough. What the servnnts think of the new squire's sndden tappearance among them, without a word of warning, is of no great consequence. What the commitleo for anrranging the publio reception mny think of it when the news flies abroad to-morrow is, I am afraid, n more serious matter. H IIaving alreaody mentioned the servants I may Ir'OC'ed to tell you that tile nLtter part of hllrs. B3lanchnrd's letter was oentirely tde voted to instr~ctintg Allen on the subiject of the domestic eostatblishment lwhichl shlo has left behind her. It seems tlhant all the servants, indoors and out (with threO exceptions), are waitiug here, on the clhance that Allan will continue them in their places. Two of these excepltions are readily accounted for; MIrs. 3Blanchard's maid and Miss llanchard's masid go abroad with their miistresses. The third exceptional cause is the case of the tupper housemaid; ntd hore there is a little hitch. In plain words, the Ihosemanid lhas been sent nwuay at a lolellnt's noticti for what Mrs. B3lanchard rather nmysteriously describes ns 'levity of conduct withl a stranger.' "I am afraid you will laugh at me, bult I must coonfusstu teltud. I?t voh buss h atlo so distrustfil (uftir what Ihapipened to us i tlh Islo of Moo) of ouvel thu Iuost tlilling mIisnd. vunturos which cunsect thimstlves int my wly with AIIsi itollldlluuctio to his iow lii Illil" ilon?i'O p, Itih t I hIvnLi I oll l'y qlslllltionull one of llu IlltllUOlndvitsi hiro iloiilt this iilppai rtlltly lsuii poll sl'lltll i iit u ' m I lof th ilollsnllllius Igoill inwy in disgriilncl, All I on ilnllslll ,ll tlht it otllailln i)n li ii boo intin Intllil hgi snsliorlll il l ui i l the jiru1 i n sll lhl t thI I'llr ho Ilnrtt Iion ?ian tilly Il Ia w ist a lit Islrttr' hit tii tllnl nl riis I l l?yt l, hIt Insdil uIts ' nuII ils' hand prpounto rv in tusin blts' sltslf sll~llil#ii~iit tn h i t' , ll o1111 iil. t tilitisl IlestrtinI tll Irnllllvllii fisl' slllil rtlth, iltilY II I iiim!I m tI`~l' r , rl Ilrli !1111 nl~lrel~uhl' if4'ttll I)!)f i'?!tllllll l) )!'1I I l tthist ii'i| A 'hotl h ll hltij allls ini t t llltl' 000IA~ Ievai h be Q hai fit lmihihi ot nIi 0*toe o nl oetool women, as perfectly trustworthy; nnd they will all, no doubt, continue to occupy their prasent places. "Havning now done with Mrs. lanchlnrd's letter, mty next duty is to beg you, in Allan's nne andl with Allhn's love, to come here and stay with himn at the earliest moment whlen you can leave Somersactshlire. Although I cannot presume to think that my own wishes will have any special influelncn in detarmining you to accept this invitation, I mustneverthe loss acknowledge tlhat I have a reason of my own for earneostly desiring to seeo you here. Allan has innocently causoed me a now anxiety about my future relations witll him; and I sorely need your advice to show me the right way of aetting that anxiety at rest. "The difliculty lwhich now perploxos me relates to the stoward's place at Thorpe-Am brose. 3oforo to-day, I only knew that Allan had hit on some plaon of his own for dealitug with this matter; ruither strangely it volving, among other resualts, the lotting of tile cottage whlich was the old stoward's plce of abode, in consequence of the new steward's contemoplated residence in the great house. A clhance word in our converontion on tlte journey hIere, led Allanh into speaking out mnore plainly than Iohe halnd spoken out yet; and I heard to my unutterable astonishment, that tlhe person who was at the bottom of the wholo arrangement about tohe stewatrd was no othlor than myself! "ft is neodloss to tell you hIow I felt this new instanoo of Allon's kindness. The first pIleoasre of hearing from his own lips thlat I fLid deserved the strongest proof he could givo of hiis confidlonce in me, was soon dashed by the pain which mixes itself with all plea s?re--at least, with all that I lhavo ever known. Never has my past life seemed so dlreary to look back on as it seems now, when I feel how entirely it has unfitted me to tako the pince of all others thaot I should have liked to occtpy in my firiend's service. I mustered courage to tell him that I had none of the business knowledge and businoss ex perience whichhis stoward ought to pIossess. IIo generously mot the objection by tolling me that I could learn; anod he promised to send to Londlon for the person whlo had already been employed for the time being in tire stoward's otffice, andt who woold, there fore, he perfectly competent to teanh me. Do you, too, think I can learn? If you do, I will work day andt night to instruct myself. But if (ts I am afraid) the stowevrd's duties are of filr too serious a kind to bo learnt off hand by a man so yotng and inexpoerienced as I anm--thlon, praY hastont yotr joItrneyv to TIhorpe-Ambrose and exert your influenco over Allan personally. Nothlling less will in duce him to pass me over and to em ploy a steward who is really fit to ltake the pilace. Pray, prey, noct in this matter es you tlhitk best for Alln,'s i,terests. Whlatever disappointmo nt I may feel he shall not see it. " Believe me, dtenrIr. hBrock, " Gratefily yours, " OZIAs MIDwmINTER. "P.S.--I open tho envelope again, to add one word msnore. If you have hoeard or seen anything since your return to Somorsetshira of the woman in the black dress and red shawl, I hlope you will not forgot whoaen you write to lot nme know it.--O. M." Fronm r11s. Oldersenam to Mliss Gsvilt. " Ladies' Toiletto 'Repository, "Diana-street, Pimlico: Wednesday. " MY DEAR LYDIA,-TO save the post I write to you after a long day's worry at my ilaco of business, on the business letter-paper, laving news sinco we lest met, which it oeems advisable to send you at the earliest opportunity. "To begin at the beginning. After care fully considering the thing, I am quite sure you will do wisely with young Armadale if yon hold your tongue inbout Madeira and all that happened there. Your position was, no iouobt, a very strong one with his mother. 'on had privately helped her in playing a trick on her own father-you had been un gratefully dismissed at a pitiably tender age as soon as you had served her purpose-and when you came upon her suddenly, after a Reparation of more tihan twenty years, you found her in ,filing health, with a grown-up son whlom shie lad kept in total ignorance of the true story of her marringo. Hava you any such advantages as these with tihe young gentleman who has survived hler If he is not born an idiot he will decline to believe your shocking aspersions on the memory of his mother; andl-seeing that you have no proofs at this distance of time to meet him withl-there is an end of your moeney-grub-. hing in tihe golden Armudale diggings. Mind! I don't dispute that the old lady's heavy debt of obligation after what you did fir her in Mladeira is not paid yet; and that the son is the next person to settle with you now the motber has slipped through your fingers. Only squeeze hlicm the right way my dear, tihat's what I venture to suggest squeeze him tlhe right way. " And what is the right way ? This brings me to my news. IHave you thought again of that other niotion of yours of trying your hand on this lucky young gentleman with nothing bet your own good looks and your own quick wits to help you ? The idea hbnn on my mind so strangely after you were goleo that it ended in my sending a little note to my lawyer to have the will under which young Armundale has got his fortune examined at Doctors' Commons. ThI result turns out to be something infinitely more encouraginig than either you or I could possibly havi hoped for. After thle lawyer's report to me there cannot be a moment's doubt of whiat 3you ought to do. In two words Lydis, take the bull by the horns--nud marry him !!! " I nim quito erioiUsi. HIO is mucoh botter worlth the vonturlo lthan yolu alRppose. Only liersutulo himii to iinko you Mrl. Araindnlo lnld yolu liilly Roat all nftor.dliooviioua it lhit itlinllcO, A lolng nio hI lives, you cnn ilnlik yoir own tlllls with hii ; lind IIf he ilinO thU will antlllitlos you in aite o1 nlliylhhiiig h IllIn aiy oi ih-- with ohihhld rn, or witliiiiht t liltn o" o ll hiionllli r oliigI on hlio Oli lil nitiili ol' iwlvi ii liinlidl'til i )yin f li' III hlrl III Ioi I llllld il hol It , 0 ' a ili o lnlrii hliiimslll 1111ill 111liloo i lilhe wil li Ol in mvrlilon h i lila ,0r whilll hi aili l r i II liovnlloli, lliil noll It l lJioI m IIIl llelm illn'o i ill I r?lI , Ill lI iii'n liln rl1111 l lb iilf ' wlnl~d '1 JlIllr tY l ilil Ili lloi yllli W j$t 1 'h ine ltl II ni i itl IIh Vfl, it r iid tlalngIel'Ps y'tou havtw gollil lillltgi Io bei yfllgi!#l i0l ?i'Jtgt'iddt Aldlltt I 19 ltl ; ll Su lli to have an income for lifo if he dies. ]Hook him my poor doar; book him at any sacrifce. " I laro say you will make the same o0 jections when you readl this, whichI you made whoen we were talking about it the othelr day -I moen the objection of your age. Now, my good creature, julst listen to me. 'The quostion is--not whether you woro five-and thirty last birthday; we will own the dread ful truth and say you were-bat whether you do look, or dol't look, your real age. My opinion on this matter ought to be, and is, one of tohe best opinions in London. I have hntd twenty years' experience among our charming sex in malting up battered old faces and worn-out old figures to look lilke new and I any positively you dlon't look a day over thirty, if as much. If you will follow my advice about dressing, and use one or two of my applications privately, I guarantee to put you backl three years more. I will ftr felt all the money I shall have to advance for you in this matter, if, when I have ground you young again in my wonderful mill, you look more than sevon-ned- twenty in nny man's oyes living-except, of course, when you waklte anxiolus in the small hours of the morn ing; anti then, my dear, you will be old anti ttgly in the retirement of your own room, and it won't matter. "'But,' you may say, 'nupposing all tbis, here I am, at my very best, a good sixteen years oltder than he is; andti that is against mo at starting.' Is it? Jlust think again. Surely your own experience must have lshown you that tihe commonest of all common weak nesoses in young fellows of this Armntadaln's age, is to falil in love with women older than thimselves! Who ate tlme men who really lappreciate us in the bloom of our youths (I'm nure I have cause to spenak well of the bloom of youth; I made fifty guineas to-day by putting it on the spotted shoudlers of a woman old enough to be your mother),-who are the men, I say, who ore ready to worship us when we tre more babies of seventeen? 'The gay young gentlemen in thie bloomn of theiryouthl? No ! Tie cunning old wretches who are on timhe wrong side of forty. "And what is the moral of tlis, as tihe otory-books say? Tihe moral is thlat the chaonces, with such a hlad as you hIave got on your shloulders, are all in your favovtr. If you feel your present forlorn position, as I ho lieve you do; if you kInow what a oharming womnan (in thie men's eyoes) you can still be whben you pleaso; andt if all your old resolu tion has really come back, after that shocking outbreak of dtesperation on board the steamear (natural onough, I own, under the dreadful provocation laid on you), you will want no furtler persuasion from me to try this experi ment. Only to thlink of how things turn out! If the other young booby Ihad not jumped into the river after you, this young booby would nevelr hiave hlnl the estate. It really looks as if ftte had determinedt that you were to be Mrs. Armadale, of Thorpe-Ambrose and who can control his fate, as the poet says. "Send me one line to say yes or no; and believe me. " Your attached old friend, " MAnIA OLDEHSIIAW." From Miss GCwilt to lirs. Oldersham. . " Richmond, Thursday. "You old wretelh,-I won't say yes or no till I have had a long, long look at my glass first. If you had any real regard for any body but your wicked old self you would know that tlhe bare idea of marrying again (after what I have gone through) is an idea that makes my flesh creep. " But there can be no harm in your send ing me a little more information while I am making up my mind. You have got twenty pounds of mine still left out of those things you sold for me: send ten pounds here for my expenses, in a post-office order, and use the other ten for making private inquiries at Thorpe-Ambrose. I want to know when the two ]Blanchard women go away, and when onung Arnimdale stirs up the dead ashes in thie family fire- place. Are you quite sure Inhe will turn out as easy to manage as you think? If he takes after his hypocrite of a mother I can tell you this-Judas Iscariot has come to life again. "ifm very comfortable in this lodging. There ore lovely flowers in the garden and the birds watke me in the morning delight folly. I have hired a reasonably good piano. The only man I care two straws about-don't bo nlnrmed; ihe was laid in hIis grave many a long year ago under the name of Beethoven keeps me company in my lonely hours. 'T'ie landlady would keep me company too if I would only let her. I hate womon. The now cutate paid a visit to the other lodger yesterday and passed me on thie lawn as he came out. MIy eyes have lost nothing yei , at any rate, though I am live-and-thirty; the poor man actually blushed when I looked at him Whtat sort of color do you think he would have turned if one of the little birds in ithe garden had whispered in his ear and told hIim tie true story of the charming Mliss Gwilt? "Good-by, Mother Olderseaw. I rnther doubt whethor 1 nm yours or anybody's afftctionately ; but we all tell lies at the bot toms of our letters, don't we? If you are my attached old friend, I must of course bo "Yours affectionately, "LYDIA GVWILT. "P.S.-Keep your odious powders and paints and. washes for the spotted shoulders of your customers; not one of them shall touch my skin I promise you. If you really want to be usefil, try and find out some quiet ing draught to keeptme from grinding my teeth in my eleep. I shall break them oneo of these nighits; and then what will become of my beauty I wonder ? " Fromn Mrs. Oldlershaw to Miss Gwnilt. " Ladies' Toilet Repository, Tu'esdly. "t My dear Lydin,-It is n tliousand pities your letter was not naddrssed to hlr, Arhma ilhtle; y'u' grncol'l nudlooily woultd bnvo ehur'Iteud uln, It douIen't nllbit me ; I nin so well Iausd to it you know. Why wisto yolur iiprlling wit, llty lovo?l on your old imlputeI. trublsu Oltlir.lhow ?-it only splutters ndll goeo tlht, Will you try snltl hlt serlon thli nsxt llmea 1 hsllvt) tIIIWt for yoti ft'l'llo Thorls. Amlblnse,, whlilulo is beyonld i jokle, utl whlol illu t nut )t trilleil wils, " An lihoII ill'ter I iltt yore' lateor I sat theI nllllatlia on fOut, ~ut liln' g htvlllt uoranus. qfiiiain) llilby oightli itl l o, I tles{lhtIt It iii)ite it, l'ulis ID lit' a? l'l(r, l? w lsaslaa o ? ul,,i ,lm ylg lnP olll II|| on al ino ot), I wayist tin I u rivl l 1 iI t lrt' ll, Jin l)»|icnl'.l iandts, in the character of a perfect stranger, ond without mentioning you at all. This was not tire cheapest way of going to work, I own; hot it was the slfest way, which is of much greater conscquence. "'lThe inslwctor and I understood each other in ten minutes; and the right person for thie purpose- the most harmless-looking young, mnan you ever saw in your life-was produced immediately. Hie left for Thorpe Ambroso an hour after I saw him. I ar ranged to call at the office on the afternoons of Saturday, Monday, and to-day, for news. There was no news till to-day-and there I found our confidential ngent just returned to town, andt waiting to favour me with a full account of his trip to Norfolk. " First of all let me quiet your mind about thorse two questions of yours; I hanve got an swers to bolth thire one antl thire other. The Ilanchard women go away to foreign parts on tihe thirteenth; and young Armnidale is at this moment cruising somewhere at sea in his yncht. There is talk at Thorpo-Amtross of giying him a public reception, and of calling a meeting of thire local gran(lees to settle it all. The speechifying and fuss on throseo occasions generally wastes plenty of tirme; and thire pub lic reception is not thought likely to meet tirhe now squire much beforeo the end of the montlh. " If orr messenger rhad done no more for uIs than this, I think he would have earned his money. ]But the harmless young man is a regular Jesuit at private ilquiiry-with this great advantage, that he Ihas not got his sly ness written in his face. Having to get his informartion through tire femrlo servants, in the usual way, he addressed hrimself, withl admirable discretion, to thire ugliest woman in the house. ' When they are nice looklting anti can pick and choose,' as he neatly exlpressed it to me, 'they waste a great deal of valuable timrre in deciding on a sweetheart. Whlen they are ugly and lrhaven't got thire ghost of a chance of choosing, threy snap at a sweetheart, if he comes their way, like a starved dog at a bone.' Acting on thiese excellent principlers, orr confidential agent succeeded, after certain unavoidable delays, in addressing himself to the upper hIousemaid at Thlorpe- Ambrose, and took full possession of her confidence at tile first interview. Bearing his instructions carefully in mind, hire encouraged the woman to chatter, and wneas frvoured, of course, with all thire gossip of tihe servants' hall. 'iThe greater part of it (as repented to me) was of no earthrly importance. But I listened patiently and was rewarded by a valuable dis covery at last. Iereo it is: " It seems there is an ornamental cottage in the grounds at Thorpe-Ambrose. For some reason unklnown young Armadale has chosen to let it, and a tenant has come in already. i-o is a poor half-pay major in the army named Milh'oy-- a meek sort of man by all accounts, with n turn for occupying him self in mechanical prcsuits, andt with a dlomestic incumbrance in the shape of n bed ridden wife who has not been seen by any body. Well, and what of all this? you will ask with that sparkling impatience which becomes you so well. My d~enar Lydia, don't sparktle I The man's family afflirs seriously concern us both-- for, as ill-luck will haoove it, the man has got a daughter I "You may imagine how I questioned our agent and how our ngent ronsacked his memory, when I stumbled in due course on ucch a. discovery as this. If heaven is responsible for woman's chattering tongues, heaven bo praisedl From Miss Blanlchard to Miss ]3lanchard's manid; from Miss Blonchard's maid to Miss BIlanchard's aunt's maid; firom Miss Blanchard's aunt's maid to tiho ugly housemaidl; from the ugly house maid to the harmless-looking young man-so the stream of gossip trickled into the right reservoir at last, and thirsty MIother Older shaw has drunk it iall up. In plain English my dear this is how it stands. Tihe mnjor's dauoghter is a minx jnst turned sixteen; lively and nice-looking (hateful little wretch!), dowdy in her dress (thank heaven !), and dleficient in her manners (thank heaven again!) She has been bronughlt up at home. The governess who last had charge of her left ibeforo iher father moved to T'ho.rpe-Ambrose. IIer education stands wofilly in want of a finishing touch and the manjor doesn't qutte know what to do next. None of his friendls can recommend him a now governess and he doesn't lilke the notion of sending the girl to school. So matters rest at present, on the mnjor's own showing-for so the major ex pressed himself at a morning call which the father and daughter paid to the ladies at the great house. " .ou hlve now got my promised news, and you will have little difficulty I think in ngreeing with me, that the Armnadle business must be settled nt once one way or the other. If-with your hopeless prospects, and with what I may call your family claim on this young fi'llow-you decide on giving him up, I shall have the pleasure of sending you the ballnce of your account with mo (seven-and twenty shiliings), and lshall then be free to devote myself entirely to my own proper busi. ness. If on the contrary you decide to try your luck nt Thorlpe-Ambrose, then (there being no kind of doubt that the mnjor's minx will set her cap at the young squire) I should be glad to hear how you mean to meet the double difficulty of inflaming MIr. Armadalo and oxtinguisihing Miss Milroy. " A?fe?ctionateoly yours, "ManIA OLDERSTAW." Z'om Miss Gwilt to I£'s. Okldershaw. (First answer.) "Riohmond, Wednesday morning. ""MIns. OLDElnsAw,-Sendi me my seven and-twenty shilling., and devote yourself to your own proper business. "Yours, " L. G." From Miss Gwilt to hirs. Olerslhaw. (Second ansowel.) " Rimnond, W\edneosday night, " Dnan OLD Lovi,-- Coep tihe sevoe.ntdl twoenty shillings and hrn miy other lotter. I Iiavo ehtnged my mind, "I wrote the liht time nflor n horrible night. I wrlit tli limate uitIer a rile on hIlraeehtck, it tultbloer of eller, inrd the hrontt of n ohlioken, In that ?,x?lalnathon nonugh? Plaonoe any yeus--for I wntt to go bolo to my 55 No I onn|'t go bhltc yet--I Itust newsr Iour [ i l te'r, eh1itte yoi rally i o t oI Iov Uiltt IIIIe t It Il!llo ll t I nt e o)l?lp ?or lrully 'w well _v , Mdoj bt ymou walsr me o lullllly III IY?II rr I .0! IrrIIIol ?0i| W lll I?) take the responsibility of making the first proposal; don't.youe? Suppose I take it in yoer own roundabout way? Suppose I say -'Prey don't ask me how I propose in flamine Mnr. Armadale and extinguishing Miss Miilroy; the question is so shoclkingly abrupt I really can't answer it. Ask me in stead, ifit is the modest ambition of my life to become lIiss Milroy's governess ? ' Yes, if you please, MIrs. Oldershaw-and if you will assist me by becoming my reference. "There it is for you ! If some serious disaster happens (which is quite possible), what a comfort it will be to remember that it was my faultl "Now I have done this for you, will you do something for mel I want to dream away the little time I am likely to have left here in my own way. Be30 a merciful MIother Olderslaw and spars me the wOrry of look ing at tile ins andl outs, and addling up the chances fir and against me in lthis new ven. ture of mine, 'Thlink for me, in short, until I am obliged to think for myself. "I had better not vwrite any more, or I shall say something savage that you won't like. I am in one of my tempers to-night. I want a husband to vex, or a child to beat, or something of that sort. Do you eover like to see the summer insects kill themselves in the candln? I do sometimes. Good-night, Mrs. Jezebel. The longer you can leave me here the better. The air agrees with me and I am looking charmingly. "L. G." Fo?om irLs. Oldeslhan, to iiss Goilt. "Thursday. "My dear Lydin,-Some persons in my situation might be a little offended at the tone of your last letter. But I am so fondly attached to you I And when I love a person it is so very hard my doear for that person to offend me I Don't ride quite so far and only drink half a tumblerful of claret next time. I say no more. "Shall we leave off our fencing-match and come to serious matters now? How curiously hard it always seems to be for women to understand each other-especially when they have got their pens in their hands! But suppose we try. 'Well, then, to begin with-I gather from your letteir that you have wisely decided to try the Thorpe-Ambrose experi ment-antl to secure if you can an excellent position at starting by becoming a member of Major Mihroy's honsehold. If the circum stances turn against yeou and some other woman gets the governess's place (about which I shall have something more to say presently), you will then have no choice but to make MIr. Armndale's acquaintance in some other character. In any case you will want my assistance; and the first question there fore to set at rest between us, is the quoestion of what I am willing to do, and what I can do to hIelp you. "A woman, my dear Lydia, with your ap penrance, your manners, your abilities, and your education, can make almost any excur sions into society that sloe pleases if she has money in her pocket and a respectable refer ence to appeal to in casos of emergency. As to tho money, in the first place. I will en gage to find it on condition of your remember ing my assistance with adequiate pecuniary tzratitudo if you win tihe Armadalo prize. Your promise so to remember me, embodying the terms in plain figures, shall be drawn out on paper by my own lawyer; so that we can sign and settle at once when I see you in London. "Next, as to the reference. Here again my services are at your disposal-on another condition. It is this: that you present your self at Thorpe-Ambrose under the name to which you have returned ever since that dreadful business of your marriageo--I mean your own maiden name of Gwilt. I have only one motive in inlsisting on this; I wish to run no needless riskts. My experience as confidential adviser of my customers in various romantic cases of private embarrassment has shiown mo that an assumed name is, nine times out of ten, a very unnecessary and a very dangerous fotm of' deception. Nothing could justify your asstnning a name but tihe f'ear of young Armadale's detecting you-a fear from which we are fortunately relieved by Ihis mother's own conduct in keeping your early connection with her a profound secret from her son and from everybody. "The next and last perplexity to settle relates, my dear, to the chances for and ngainst your finding your way, in the capacity of governess, into IrMajor Milroy's house. Once inside the door with your knowledge of music and languages, if you can keep your temper, you may be sure of keepihg the Iplace. The only doubt, as things are now, is wether; you can get it. "In thie mnjor's present difficulty about his daaughter's education, the chances are, I think, in favour of his advertising for a governess. Say he does advertise, what ad dress will he give for applicants to write to? Th'bere is the real Ipinch of the matter. If he gives an address in London, good-by to all chances in your favour at once; for this plain reason, that weo shall not be able to pick out his advertisement firom the advertisements of other people who want governesses, and who will give their addresses in London as well. If, on the other hand, our luck helps us, and he refers his correspondents to a shols, post office, or whlat not, at 'l'horpe-Ambroase, there we have our advertiser as plainly picked out for us as we can wish. In this last case, I have little or no doubt--with me for your reference-of your findtling your way into the major's family circle. We have one great advantage over the other women who will atnswer the olvertisement. T'hankts to my in quiries on ithe spot, I know lMajor Mliroy to he a poor man; and we will fix the salary you ask at a igureo that is stre to tempt him. As for thle style of tho letter, if you and I to gotller can't write a muotlest and inlteresting application for lth vacant pilac I shoult like to tknow who can? "All thias, hseve'te, is still in the fiatureo. For tls priesent my atdvice is-stay swhs'ia yoi are la lld dlrasln to0 yonr hoirllt's contestt rill you I heor frocm mt igain. I take in tih Tm'Ji n e 'regtlrsly id ent u tiny trust my ,lry ey t Itot to ciss the right allveirtisoat.nt. We can luckily give the anjar timi withotlt doltltn iny hturi'y- tol our wll itll'testsi folI' tJIO'er l 10I fnoll' Jut yetj ?f' tie girl's gottilg the elllit Of yet, ''llo ittbliu I'cp.tits, as, a you knfow, wol't hie Ialllly 111i tihe ail of iii #souti j tis we sisy caty trieo y'lnl, g Arnenuiell,'s Viiti ly I I?op him tt it.f Ivi' Is Ihotree titil hlk ihlltiter', nit ill usIsiL iled ti WoIUO01IO hiun J, I 1n walt UnothOr' tir) dslyn at least before we give up the governess notion nod lay our heads together to try some other plan. "It's odd, isn't it, to think how much depends on this half-pay officer's decision? For my part I shalnl wakte every morning now with the Eame question in my mind. If the major's advertisement appears which will the major say-Thorpe-Ambrose, or London ? "Ever, my dear Lydia, "Affectionately yours, "? IAntA OLDERSIAW." (To be contbined.) 