I^wal fwtettiptwf. & Few EXPQBT.-Dr Wehl, whose enter prising spirit is of the largest sort, has just had prepared - for- shipment a' considerable' quantity of flax of his own growing. The Doctor is of opinion that flax may be grown profitably in Mount Gambier, and with the "lot he has re ady for market "v^ill so far test the correctness of his, opinion, " He >estima£ieir- that 3d. pes lb. wilt leaYje a fair margin for profit. . SERIOUS ACCIDENT.-A serlous a6cident happened, oh 'Monday night to a 'labdurerj named John. Halberfc, in the employment; of Static and EHiottJ ' He was driving along:; the road" cutting" near.: AUandalc,:-.when, liis horses bolted and the cart . was upset, v He received the following injuries his lower jaw and nose were.i:brokeiiV,onc>©f"ihis:rears was all . but torn off, and lie was, otherwise badly bruised. He was taken up to" Mount Gambler without delay and attflnWd by Drs.-Wchi and Graham, who set the jaw and nose and did all that could be done for'him. DEATH OF A BLACK BOY.-Mrs. Smith informed us yesterday7"of the death of a" black boy named Comeret, better known as Tommy. Tommy was well known in The. Mount as a most intelligent and useful blaekfellow. He lived for several years in the employment of Mr Angiis Smith of Woodford, by whom he was much liked, and for whom lie had. an equally great regard. Tommy belonged ' to tne Moun't Schanck tribe, of whom but few .representatives now remain. He. was .comparatively speaking well educated, had considerable knowledge of religious, truth, and died, Mrs Smith says, in the sure hope of entering into-tlip joys; of heaven. _ :fr/: LBCTUEE.-We may again remind pur Mount Gambier readers of Mr IRusseil's lecture to-night on " Ghost Stories," and bespeak a large attendance. We nop'e"fli.e weather may be morteV.^^pitipuk\'{i^^'pii; Thursday last. ' CKTJBCH OF EN-GLAND-It was stated at MrHarcus's lecture on Thursday last.by tlie 3lev GaTipn:Bussel], that arrangements were, being made for engaging a Curate to'.supply tlie:^la(fc-,of "tlie ilev Mr NeedMm,' §6. happily-laid- aside froriTdtity' at; the present time. The Curate will be erigagefl -up to Christmas, by which time it is hoped Mr Needham will be able to resume his wonted position amongst us. r TEMPERANCE.-Mr Merson delivered his second lecture on Temperance in Messrs. BlackweH's new. store .on Saturday eveniflg/ The audience v was "a'^ain large',, ai^$bje' lec ture was of great* interest,'dealing'with the question of total abstinence in a general way, and supporting it on very broad and catholic principles'. Mr Merson's style of lecturing is attractive, and his views, whateverheight they may carry otherwise, are sure to com mand attention. He lectures at Attamurra to-night, and Benaira on Friday night. FARMERS' INSURANCE COMPANY^'- We observe that a Farmers' Insurance Cofiapany has just been projected in Melbourne? It' is to be called "The Victorian Farmers^Insur ance Company," and it proposes-to:'insure agricultural produce against loss ; by fire whether reaped or unreaped; and also against loss among stock. Writing of this Society the Australasian of Saturday last says:-"It will be seen that tliis, like most other insur ance offices, will be divided into a fire and a life department, the former dealing with the produce of the farm, and the latter with bovine, ovine, arid equine, in place of-human life. ..The rates of premium are to be'-based on the experiences of similar institutions in the mother country, such alterations arid adaptations being effected as may, "in the opinion of reliable local actuaries, be needed to meet the specialities of this colony. To guard, against any unfairness arising from these charges during the earlier years of the company's career, before it has established data , of its own on which to found its pre miums, the assured are to be admitted to a participation in the profits to the' extent of one- third - of the amount which, may be realised." - . ? : THE SCHOONER EAXGABOO.-^TIIC " ihews reached here by telegram on Sifurday'last, that the. , schooner -Kangaroo; MacDbririell Bfty, liadr put back /to Port1 Adelaide:Hisriiastedi;iIt.i^i^ecife1i;thktshfe will be refitted, and" able; to ^ailf again on-: Saturday.. -v; ». THE ENGLISH Miii.-The mail for Erfg- . land closesat Mount Gkriibier to-Mbrrbw at! 9 a.m; It- will' close in Adelaide bfi-the 29th> THE COMMERCIAL BANK.-It is announced that the share list' of the. Commercial Bank will close on' tlie 31st inst. -Intending appli cants for shares have therefore now no time to lose. Mr Maisey is the agent at'Mount Gambier, and we l.earn will receive appliea-. tions up.to Saturday^ 26th mstarit^jaf, 12 o'clock. '** COLEBAINE.-A branch of .tlie National Bank is to be opened at Coleraiiie .imme diately. ...« ^ WATEBWOBKS AT HAMILTON.--W^-observe that the VictorianGovernment has anrionnced its intention to erect the necessary works for supplying1 Hamilton with water. Mount Gambier is said to be as large as Hamilton.. Why not our Government do a similar favor for us ? HOLIDAY.-To-morrow-the Queen's Birth day-will be kept with all becoming loyalty in Mount Gambier, and the public "will be out of town, on schemes of pleasure bent. The Race Course and the Compton Downs Caves will be the two great centres of. attrac tion. Apropos of the Comptori Downs Pic-nic we may mention that the.' promoters ,Haye gone to every trouble to make matters plea sant. They have. planked the descent into the Cave, and fixed up a-rope railing."' ; The communications between th'e vanotisiclialri bers have also been , enlarged, :and th'6 work of exploration -made thus more-easy and pleasant. The luncheon or tea; will:bfi ^served in the large entrance hall, in which table and seat accommodation has been jprovided for an ' indefinite number tif pic-nickers. SLould the day prove, fine we may prophecy an over flowing house.for the day's amusemente; " As to the Hace Course, it is certain also to be well attended.,: ."We "learn.that the entries will- be numerous (for all the races. Good sport may thereforb^be .expeefed. KINGSLEY.-The - resignation of- -Mr W. Clancey was received by the Board, of Eduf cation on the 14th|inst., and accepted! j ' THE COORONG NATIVES.-A correspondent of tMe JRegisTer draws *at.t.§nt ion to tip "condi tion of theblacks in the Coorong mstrict "as follows I wish to say a few words"about the state of the blacks on the Coororig?' . Tliis summer has been a'trying one for theiri.v On account of the Coorong being so low-^ ipamense numbers of fish have diegl, and I.tluuk the Government should make sortie aljo'wance over and above' the usual winter supply. The rations are either insufficient . or-else the distribution is badly managed, for notwith standing the rations some of therpob* blacks fare very badly during the winfer.iXAble bodied young blacks can always ;gtst employ ment amongst? the stations adjoining the Coorong, but the old men; lubras, and cliil dren ought to be better cared for than they ? are. I saw an instance not long -ago'of a small party of blacks being three ;-4ays with nothing but a scanty supply, of ro&feto; eat and water to drink. On account of the bad weather they could catch no fish. ; If a few of the gentlemen whose, business it is to-look after the blacks Tvere to. be one-haif of thait time on the same fare I guess arid.'calculate they would soon make an alteration some- , where; There is Tery often sickness amongst them; yet never to my knowledge has a, doctor been to see-whether or not. he. was wanted. I 'bare been living close to the Coorong for a little over four years, and.have seen a great many instances of hardship and sickness. At tbis present, time a black named Poppet is verjr 'ill, and he might die two or three times overYbefore Jie' would hav^ the chance of. getting a doctor to put him ri{jfht. I sawttfo othef instances <jnly a short tame back-a young lubra, so einiaciated'' by some disease that ier mother, b&djQ.; cany her jVom place"''to' place. "She ia dead? " The other, a ^'Qupg gDaan>'tid pjart of a jjrpfear in ^vriEts swollen to a fearful size^' whilst the rest of liis body was waited to a mere shadow. Whether'he is dead or alive .now: ;i know ;?not. -A few- years .back the Goorong /tribe - was very ;? numerous; '. now, counting-old andryoiing,there.are not 50; so I think the least we can do is to take care, as; far as we are able, of'the remnant.v- Should we not* we may .one .day hear those words-. 'Inasmuch as ve did it not. to one of the least of these ye did it not to* Me.''' . j .:' . Gr.ENupKNiE. - The" anniversary*'. of the Glenburnie Sunday School was held on Mon-' day evening. There; was a'good attendance;' and the report was satisfactory." " Me PIKXISS.-Tlie- following are' the counts upon which Mr Finniss was arraigned, referred to in our telegram . .;. '" 1. That during the period he was in coctf^ mand he showed an utter want of matiagS ment of the men. under his charge, Ifeadiajj to the total disorganization pf thevpart^, tlie destruction of .stores; and 'other great waSte of the funds of the settlement: ."2. That he. neglected to carry out the in structions of the Government, contained in despatches dated/April 14, 1864, and 10th February", 18iS5 (pages l.to 4 and 61 to 64). " 3. That without previous examination of the qountry, and.cpntrary to the opinion ex pressed by the. Government (pp. .62, 63,) and in opposition to the views of'his surveying .staff, as well as to those of the agents of the preliminary land-orderholders, whose opinion were entitled .'to corisideratidn, he ordered ttip surreys .to be made and. continued in localities lyliere tlie land for'purposes of set ljl§men£ were utterly Vortldess.'; ? "4 IfHat in' sending'away an armed party for the' express purpose.of 'retaliating' upoii the.tlabks'on the 8th day of -September, il864". (pp. "32, 33), he caused the death of a defence less prisoner, and violated the principles which: have' hitherto actuated this Government in their treatment of the natives, thereby bring ing the colony into disrepute. "5. That lie greatly erred in entrusting the command' of such a party to a person of insuffi cient responsibility, and in not -furnishing the leader with written instructions. . ..* *; " 6. That without authority first obtained from the Government, and without sufficient reason, he left the Territory and the party vmder his charge, and proceeded to Timor in the-Beatrice.".. . '[ ... 