OUR BURIED TREASURES. -Em,—At this delightful season of the year, one of the most charming walks in this pleasant locality of ours, is from the township to the Maldon Cemetery. To-day (Wednesday) the weather was so delicious, that I resolved to leave my monotonous occupation, and take an unusual indulgence — a half holiday,—and devote it to a pleasant ramble away out of eight of the worked out gullies, beyond the odour of burning quartz, and out of hearing of the noisy stampers. At dinnertime I communicated this decision to my wife, and requested the favor of her congenial company to share the luxury and enhance it She acquiesced with genuine pleasure ; for such a treat is as tare to her as to" me. After a short consultation regarding the route to be taken, we decided to viBit the .last resting-place of one we have lately lost; one \ who was veiy dear to us. We were soon in readiness; and with minds in harmony with the occasion, we started about two o'clock : taking the road by Eaglehawk, and Wattle Gully. The sun was shining brightly, giving a mild warmth to the pure invigorating air. Hill and valley is clad in green, and studded frequently with buttercups and other tiny and pretty flowers. The scenery about Wattle.Gully is truly grand. The road enters and winds-through a narrow pass, bounded on either band with steep and lotty ranges covered with huge granite boulders, many of them hanging threateningly over— *' As if an infant's touch would urge. Their headlong passage down the verge." These ranges are highly timbered, and the trees somewhat dwarfish: there is quite a variety of sorts, and veiy beautiful they are. It went sorely to my heart to see a man hewing it down for firewood. Barbarous work ! "Oh! woodman, spare that tree.** The beautiful fern is here to be found in abundance ; and. rarest of all, in this country, a limpid stream, or "burnie," with miniature waterfalls, meanders by the road-side all through this romantic pass. Then to take one's eyes from objects near at hand, and look ahead— what a glorious view !—Mount Molia^ul in the far distance, and the vast expanse between ; but reader, go and see, and enjoy fur yourself—tor now a glimpse of oar Cemetery rivets my attention. It is now past 3 O'clock, and the sun shines obliquely on the scene. It is indeed pretty ; so much so, that in my poor opinion, and so far as I am concerned, it robs the dread impartial leveller of distinctions, of nearly hall his terrors. Truly, the spot is admirably situ- ated, and we have reason to be proud of it We enter by the top gate, shotting Tiger, our faithful dog catefully out. A solemn feeling creeps over us, and our voices' are hushed, as if the sleepefs could be disturbed. We traverse a well graveled winding- carriage way, planted on each side with trees. On either hand, "Where heaves-the turf in many a mouldering heap." The ground is intersected by numerous tooths, which afford access to, and-define the boundaries of the last possessions the most ambitious shall require at. Shifting one's eyes from the solemn scene, the ancieut looking trees attract our attention. Their heavy and dangerous tops have been judiciously cut off and now a fine growtb of.young Boughs has greatly enhanced their beauty^ end will soon afford a welcome shelter in the hot season. At their roots and surrounding them, seats have been erected, inviting the weary to rest, and contemplate the scene. Of couree the most interesting objects are -the monuments and tombstones; these are-numerous, and many of them'elegant and costly. Conspicuous amongst them, is one only recently erected. It occupies a fine site, facing the main entrance, and it is deserving the position, it is « handsome column of freestone, Burmounted *by -a draped urn. There are also four tamrble tablets at its base, one of which bears the following inscription i—" In -M femory of Margaret \ Mc Lauchlan, beloved wife ofthejlev Alex. Rubb, Presbyterian Minister, Maldon.—Erected by her husband and his congregation, to marie their esteem of one who endeared herself to them by her usefnl life and unaffected piety." As it contains a moral and teaches a lesson, I could not resist taking * copy of it Another of this interesting class is erected to the memory of John Bently, if less elegant than Mrs fiobb's, it is likely to be more durable. I could not help remarking, however, that die marble tableVtoe˚ an inscription on - this monument; has atiai effect. when viewed from a little distance—appearing "more like a damaged "poster" than what it proves to be on a closer inspection. There are many very neat and tasteful -fences enclosing the graves and monuments, and in'- many eases the ground is prettily trimmed and planted with trees and flowers. Nor was-the'ecene wanting in animation. We saw a father painting the fence which protects the last resting place of his child, and a widow tending the jfiowers on her-,,husband's grave. Others were scanning the inscriptions, speakinp of the virtues of the deceased and the gooi taste of the survivors. Time wore on, and it was with reluctance we quitted the scene. We left by the main entrance, and could not avoid noticing the very primitive looking dwelling in use as a dwelling for the sexton. But as the trustees seem to be gentlemen of taste as well as energy, doubtless this will soon be replaced by a handsome lodge, which will be in keeping with the general arrangements, which as a whole are excellent We returned by way of the Springs and Templeton-street, and were greatly pleased with the numerous tine houses which have lately been built in this popular and fashionable locality. We reached home tranquil and bappj', as the sun was setting. The little cot was empty it is true, but we had become resigned to our loss, and from what we had seen the blank was now endurable. If I have written a word here that will cause one thrill of pleasure' to a fellow mortal, then the pleasures of mv half holiday are incletd complete. Maldon, August 33 id. THE WABBENHEQ* GHOST.—Warrenheip still clings to its ghost The correspondent of the Star says i—" The Fahey ghost story is not yet dead, and, strange to say, a large portion of the people--of coarse those of the Fahey type only—believe it to be quite true. The stories that are now told are quite ridiculous. Aftei*a great deal of persuasion, I visited the house, on Thursday evening, and found some ten or twelve per80D8 fiitting around the reception room in truly Irish fashion, amongst whom was a travdler from the adjacent brewery, who, probably taking a lesson from * Sam Slick," was nursing the baby, much to the .gratification of. -the delightedmother.' Fahfy narrated Borne of the wondere $A the candley aad.pne wonder in particular^ fcbat of* dindle which was lying .on the tat^wttch gradually erected itself on end, was lighted withSut human aid, and moved slowly towards (he edge of the table, dropped on to the floor «till on end,-thence travelled to the fireplace, ^fhich Fahey cl&Bsically; termed, the hob, and back with a Hying leap to the table, for .the truth if which ime or two of those nre^t vbnched. Some of thoee present were ft -J!-. — il.. Aubhw Untnl w.^fhich^romShe smack "of his lips rima&ine; he enjoyed, I ventured to •jriquestthiit Tmight'be allowed to witness the •wonderful candle performances. This Request llwas to come to- morrow, as X should see better in -daylight. With * heartylanih.at .finding myijelfso'dead t^j^iM^ISVW^M'aii^ j..- stauto£;m?iiifiment Jforth Melbourne- jp«i' '.•my'.wjay: along . that * •* *•••*•--»• '—-uey, the D.M.K. 