THE CLAIMS OF "PRINCESS OLIVE." RYVES v. THE ATTORNEY-GENERAL. In the Divorce Court on June 1st, before the Lord Chief Justice Cockburn, the Lord Chief Baron, and the Judge-Ordinary, and a special jury. Dr. J. W. Smith and Mr. D. M Thomas for the petitioner ; with the Attorney- General were the Solicitor-General, the Queen's Advocate, Mr. Hannen, and Mr. R. Bourke. In this suit, which was a petition under the Legitimacy Declaration Act, the petitioner, Lavinia Jannetta Horton Ryves, of 24, Georgina street, Camden- town, prayed that her mother, Olive Wilmot Serres, may be declared to be the legitimate daughter of Henry Frederick Duke of Cumberland and of Olive Wilmot, his wife. The learned counsel (Dr. Smith) opened the case at considerable length, but the facts lie within a narrow compass, and will be best stated by being thrown into the form of a narrative. The Rev. Dr. James Wilmot, the petitioner's great grandfather, was educated at Trinity Col- lege, Oxford, of which he subsequently became a Fellow. Early in his career - but at what par- ticular date does not appear - he contracted a private but legal marriage, according to a certi- ficate uuder his own hand, with the Princess of Poland, daughter of Stanislaus, last king of that country. The issue of such marriage was one child, a daughter, Olive. As she grew up, she attracted much attention in consequence of her beauty and accomplishments ; and at the age of 19 a formal offer of marriage was made to her by his Royal Highness Henry Frederick, Duke of Cumberland, the brother of King George the Third. The offer was accepted, and the marriage took place on the 4th March, 1767, at the house of Lord Archer, in Grosvenor-street. The ceremony waa private ; it was performed by the Rev. Dr. Wilmot, the bride's father, and it was witnessed by the Earl of Chatham (then Mr. Pitt), the Earl of Warwick, and Lord Archer. It is alleged that the duke's brother, King George the Third, was also present. His royal highness grew tired of this union in the course of a few years, and on the 2nd October, 1771, his first wife the Princess Olive, being then alive, be contracted a second and bigamous marriage with Lady Ann Horton, daughter of Simon, first Earl of Carhampton, and widow of Christopher Horton, Esq., of Cotton-hall, in the county of Derby. On the 3rd April, 1772, Princess Olive was delivered at Warwick of a female child, who was also called Olive, and some few years afterwards that unhappy lady died in France, it is said of a broken heart. King George was so indignant at the conduct of his brother that he refused to the last to receive him or Lady Horton at Court ; but knowing the con- sequence to which his bigamous marriage exposed him, his Majesty did all in his power to screen him from the consequences of his guilt. He directed that the infant Olive should be rebap- tized, and represented as the child of Robert Wilmot, Dr. James Wilmot's brother, but he at the same time took every precaution that, while he shielded the Duke of Cumberland from the legal consequences of his crime, he should in no way impugn the reputation of the lawful Duchess Olive or the legitimacy of her infant daughter. With this view, his Majesty from time to time put the royal sign-manual to several certificates, all in acknowledgment of his "niece Olive," and likewise made temporary precuniary provision for her support, as appears by the following docu- ment. " This is to declare that Lord Chatham binds himself to pay to the Duke of Cumberland's in- fant daughter the yearly sum of £500 during the said Olive's life, until a more suitable provision is made for her - acting by the command of his Majesty. In witness and confirmation of the same his lordship places his signature, this 1st day of May, 1773. Witness- (Signed) " ROBERT WILMOT. J. WILMOT. " GEORGE R. CHATHAM." Apparently on the same date not only was there a new acknowledgment of the legitimacy of the infant, but a further provision was made for its support as was shown by the following docu- ment :- " George R. - We declare the birth of Olive, the infant daughter of the Duke of Cumberland, his duchess, to be legitimate, who is condemned to privacy by the act of bigamy committed by her royal father. (Signed) "WARWICK. CHATHAM. "J. WILMOT J. DUNNING." " Kew Palace, May 1st, 177-. " George R. - Whereas we command that £5000 be applied for the benefit of Olive, the infant of our brother. (Signed) " WARWICK." Having thus borne testimony to the legiti- macy of the child, and made provision for its main- tenance, the King further determined to confer upon her distinction that had never previously been borne by any but members of the royal family. He accordingly in the following grant, ennobled the princess when only a little more than one year of age :- " George R. - We hereby are pleased to create Olive of Cumberland Duchess of Lancaster ; and to grant our royal authority for Olive, our said niece, to bear and use the title and arms of Lancaster, should she be in existence at the period of our royal demise. " Given at our Palace of St. James's, May 21st, 1773. (Signed) " CHATHAM, "J. DUNNING." Seven years afterwards, and notwithstanding the decease of its unfortunate mother, who died in France in 1774, the King still retained his affectionate interest for the infant, and his anxiety to repair as far as possible the injury which was being done to her. He in consequence attached his sign-manual to the following document :- " George R. - We are hereby pleased to recom- mend Olive, our niece, to our faithful Lords and Commons for protection and support, should she be in existence at the period of our royal demise, such being Olive Wilmot, the supposed daughter of Robert Wilmot, of Warwick. (Signed) "J. DUNNING. " ROBERT WILMOT." " 7th January, 1780." On an earlier date, also, June 2nd, 1774, his Majesty made provision for her in the following document, which many years later, in 1822, an effort was made to establish by will. It ran thus :- "St. James's. " George R. - In case of our royal demise, we give and bequeath to Olive, our brother of Cum- berland's daughter, the sum of £15,000, com- manding our heir and successor to pay the same, privately, to our said niece, for her use, as a recompense for the misfortunes she may have known through her father. Witness, "J. DUNNING, " CHATHAM. " WARWICK. "June 2nd, 1774." These and the other documents connected with the marriage were deposited with Lord Warwick, whom the learned counsel stated he should be able to show was also a member of the royal family, and cousin of Princess Olive. He held them as trustee on the understanding that they should not be made public until after George the Third's death. He, however, became seriously ill in 1815, and then, feeling that his death, which took place in the course of the following year, was ap- proaching, he delivered up the papers to the Princess Olive, then Mrs. Serres, in the presence of his Royal Highness the late Duke of Kent. The Princess Olive then for the first time became aware of her real parentage and posi- tion. She had been reared in the family of Mr. Robert Wilmot, but her taste for drawing was such that she was brought up to London in 1791 with the view of affording her an opportunity of cultivating the talent. Here she became ac- quainted with Mr. John Thomas Serres, a painter of marine subjects, and was married to him on the 1st September, 1792. Of this marriage four children were the result. The two eldest died young ; the third, the petitioner, was born on the 16th March, 1797 ; the fourth, a daughter, born in 1802, also survives. Domestic differences arose between the father and mother, and in 1803 a formal separation took place under the provisions of a deed. It is alleged that on the de- livery up of the papers by Lord Warwick, the Duke of Kent ever afterwards recognised Mrs. Serres as his cousin, and that he actually allowed her £400 a year while he lived. These are the facts of the case as far as they bear on the mar- riage of the Duke of Cumberland with Olive Wilmot. Efforts have in vain been made for nearly half a century to obtain a recognition of it, but until the passing of the Legitimacy Declara- tion Act no legal proceedings could be instituted to establish it. The Act was passed in 1858 ; in 1859 Mrs. Ryves (who conducted her own case) presented a petition and obtained a decree declaring the validity of the marriage of Mr. John Thomas Serres with Olive Wilmot ; and she now seeks, by the present proceedings, to establish the legiti- macy ot her mother, who, in the suit of 1850, was simply treated as Olive Wilmot, and not as the Princess Olive. The documents relied on in support of the marriage of the Duke of Cumberland, and the daughter of Dr. Wilmot are very numerous, and they con- tain what purport to be 16 signatures of Lord Chatham, 12 of Mr. Dunning (afterwards Lord Ashburton), one of Lord Archer, 12 of George III, 18 of the Duke of Kent 32 of the Earl of Warwick, 13 of Dr. Wilmot, one of the Duke of Cumberland, and one of his wife. And reliance is also placed on a portrait of the Princess Olive, which it is said bears a striking likeness to the royal family. In order to account for the pains which King George III. was at to shield the Duke of Cumberland from the penal consequences of the crime of bigamy, it is alleged that his Majesty himself was also guilty of bigamy, and that this fact was within the knowledge of his brother and the Rev. Dr. Wilmot, who, on the 17th April, 1759, performed the ceremony of marriage between his Majesty and Hannah Lightfoot. This marriage was celebrated twice. On the first occasion the lady was erroneously described as Hannah Wheeler, and hence the necessity for second solemnisation. The first was performed at Kew ; the second at Peckham. In respect of his marriage, there are the following certificates :- " This is to solemnly certify that I married George, Prince of Wales, to Princess Hannah, his first consort, April 17th, 1759, and that two princes and a princess were the issue of such marriage. "J. WILMOT." " London, April 2nd, 176-. "This is to certify to all it may concern that I lawfully married George, Prince of Wales, to Hannah Lightfoot, April 17th, 1759, and that two sons and a daughter are the issue of such marriage. "J. WILMOT. " CHATHAM. " J. DUNNING." "April 17th, 1759. " The marriage of these parties was this day duly solemnised at Kew Chapel, according to the rites and ceremonies of the Church of England, by myself. " Witness to this marriage, " WILLIAM PITT J. WILMOT. " ANNIE TAYLER GEORGE P. HANNAH." "May 27th, 1759. " This is to certify that the marriage of these parties (George, Prince of Wales, to Hannah Lightfoot) was duly solemnised this morning, according to the rites and ceremonies of the Church, at their residence, at Peckham, by myself. " Witness to the marriage of these parties, " WILLIAM PITT J. WILMOT. " ANNE TAYLEUR GEORGE GUELPH. HANNAH LIGHTFOOT." " I hereby certify that George, Prince of Wales, married Hannah Wheeler, alias Lightfoot, April 17th, 1759 ; but from finding the latter to be her right name, I solemnised the union of the said parties a second time, May 27th, 1759, as the certificates affixed to this paper will confirm. "J. WILMOT." "Hampstead, July 7th, 1762. " Provided I depart this life, I recommend my two sons and my daughter to the kind protection of their royal father my husband his Majesty George III, bequeathing whatever property I may die possessed of to such dear offspring of our ill-fated marriage. In case of the death of such my children, I give and bequeath to Olive Wilmot, the daughter of my best friend, Dr. Wilmot, whatever property I am entitled to or possessed of at the time of my death. Amen. " HANNAH REGINA." " Witness, J. DUNNING, WILLIAM PITT." In a memorandum bearing date June, 1789, Dr. Wilmot directed his granddaughter to keep secret all the papers connected with this marriage unless deserted by the royal family, when she might use them according to expediency. The marriage of George the Third with the Princess Charlotte took place in 1761, and Hannah Lightfoot was then alive. In the course of Dr. Smith's statement, The Lord Chief Baron, who bitterly complained that such scandals should be raked up without necessity, pointed out to the learned gentleman that he stood in this dilemma : If the alleged marriage between the Duke of Cumberland and Olive Wilmot took place, then the marriage of their daughter with Mr. Serres was illegal, as being in contravention of the Royal Marriage Act ; and if, on the other hand, the marriage of the now so-called Princess Olive to Mr. Serres was established, supposing such marriage to have been without the royal consent, then clearly the Princess Olive must have been illegitimate, and no marriage could have taken place between her mother and the Duke of Cumberland. Dr. Smith was understood to say that he could not show that the marriage of the Princess Olive to Mr. Serres was with the royal consent ; but he should submit that it was legal under the act as being a marriage into a foreign family. The Judge-Ordinary also pointed out, if the marriage of George III. with Hannah Lightfoot was relied on, any declaration of the Duke of Kent as to the station of Olive Wilmot could not be received, as, if the marriage did take place, his royal highness would be illegitimate. But if the marriage did not take place, was the certifi- cate a forgery ? and if one, why not all ? The Attorney-General said he should be able to show that the whole matter was a tissue of fraud, fabrication, and forgery, and that the only excuse for it would be found in insanity. The further hearing of the case was adjourned till next day. Subjoined is an abstract of the subsequent proceedings :- On the case being resumed on June 2nd several witnesses were called to prove the birth and position of Dr. Wilmot, and the authenticity of several certificates signed by him. The petitioners' attorney also produced a portrait of "The Princess Olive," but the court ruled that it was inadmis- sible. Dr. Smith said it would prove by the striking likeness Mrs. Serres's connection with the royal family. (A laugh.) It was at any rate moral evidence.-The Lord Chief Baron : As far as I can see the case of the learned gentleman has not much morality in it. - Dr. Smith hoped that his lordship would abstain from expressing such an opinion, at all events for the present. - When the court retired for a short time to luncheon, the picture was exhibited to the spectators, and the reporters state that " its striking likeness to George IV. was the subject of general remark." The Attor- ney-General on his return insisted on the portrait being instantly covered up. The whole of the day was occupied in procuring documen- tary evidence in support of the petitioners' case. At the close of the court.the further hearing of the case was adjourned to June 6th, during the whole of which day Mr. Netherclift, the expert, was under examination with reference to the genuineness of signatures. The minute particulars of his evi- dence could not be made intelligible in a report without facsimiles of the various documents ; but its general and distinct purport was that the dis- puted documents were genuine, judging by com- parison with admittedly genuine documents. He stated, in answer to a question from the Lord Chief Justice, that the moral possibility or im- probability of such men as George III. and Dun- ning putting their names to such documents did not enter into his consideration in forming his judgment. On June 7th the evidence as to the handwriting of the documents produced by the petitioners was continued, and Mr. Netherclift was again put into the box, when he made some rather important admissions. After he had deposed to the genuineness of the signature " J. Dunning," he was shown some papers written by Lord Ash- burton, including his will, and he at once re- tracted his opinion, stating that he did not think that the documents before the court could have been written by the same person as had written the Attorney- General's specimens. A paper was put in, whereby Mr. and Mrs. Robert Wilmot acknowledged to have taken the infant child of the Duke of Cumberland, their niece, into their joint protection. Comparing this with Mr. and Mrs. Wilmot's signature to the register of their marriage, he thought it genuine ; but on cross-examination he admitted that there were only small similarities and great differences. As the case progressed, the signature of Lord Chatham was admitted by Mr. Netherclift to be a forgery. At the conclusion of this witness's evidence on the afternoon of the 7th, Mrs. Ryves, the "Princess Olive," was examined. The reporters describe her as a very ladylike person, possessing features which very strongly resemble the portraits of the last generation of the royal family, and add that she demeans herself with the most remarkable case and self-possession. She gave her evidence very clearly and firmly, she repeated with emphasii the oath administered to her to tell "nothing but the truth," and in the course of her examination, when a seat was offered her, she said she was not tired, and she could stand for ever to protect the honor of her family. She was first examined as to her marriage with Mr. Ryves, which she said she had cause to re- member. It took place in November, 1822, at St. George the Martyr, Southwark, and she obtained a decree of divorce from him in 1841. She then proved the birth of her son, the other petitioner, at Vauxhall, in March, 1833. In 1859 the pre- sented a petition for a decree declaring the valid- ity, of the marriage of her father and mother, and her own legitimacy - not, she said, from any notive of fraud, but to establish those facts. The petition came on for hearing in 1861, the trial lasted four days, and a decree was pronounced in her favour. The Attorney-General was represeted at the hearing by Mr. Welsby and Mr. Roche, and did not oppose it. The pro- ceedings in this suit were put in evidence. Mrs. Ryves then gave evidence as to her early history. She said :- "I was born in 1797, and I remember coming to London from Liverpool with my father and mother when I was only two and a half years old. We lived in Harley-street, at the British School of Artists, which my father founded [ lived with my father and mother until their separation in 1803, and after that I lived with my mother. I left school at the age of 13." The petitioner's counsel then proposed to examine her respecting some declarations made by Hannah Lightfoot, the alleged wife of George III., and on the court objecting that they had no evidence that Hannah Lightfoot was the wife of George III., two documents professing to be certificates of the marriage were put in, one signed " George P., " the other " George Guelph." The court, however, declared unanimously their opinion that these were forgeries, and declined to permit them to be used. The petitioner then went on to narrate, with exceeding particularity, how the Earl of Warwick made known to her the secret of her birth, how her mother supplied the earl with means to go to Warwick Castle to hunt up the necessery documents, he being at the time so poor that he could not find the money himself, being often indeed, ss Mrs. Ryves said, unable to buy a sheet of note paper, and how the earl satisfied the Duke of Kent of the royalty of the petitioner's family. " The Duke of Kent," said Mrs. Ryves, " took each of the papers in his hand and examined them, and he expressed himself perfectly satisfied that the signatures of George III. were in his father's writing. He acknowledged my mother as his cousin. He said that she was Princess Olive of Cumberland, the only legitimate issue of the duke's marriage, and that for the future, Lord Warwick being in such a state of health that he might die at any moment, he would take on himself the sole protection and guardianship of my mother and me." From the petitioner's further evidence it seemed that the Earl of War- wick was under continual obligations to her mother in pecuniary matters. On the sitting of the court on the 8th, Mrs. Ryves was recalled and her examination resumed. She repeated in substance her previous evidence, and stated in addition, that the Duke of Sussex, as well as the Duke of Kent, acknowledged the signature of their father to the documents now produced. She also mentioned that she and her mother had frequently received money from the Duke of Kent, and that it was always given by cheque on Coutts's bank. She was then cross-examined at great length by the Attorney-General. It appeared from her evidence that her mother, Mrs. Serres, was an astrologist, a ghost-seer, and a literary lady of no small pretensions. She had issued a manifesto to the people of Poland stating that she had providentially discovered her descent from the royal family of that country, and calling upon them to invite her to the throne. In this paper she stated that her legitimacy as the Duchess of Cumberland had been established by a legal tribunal in England. It appeared further that Mrs. Serres had published a book, in which she claimed the authorship of " Junius" for Dr. Wilmot. It was stated that when a girl ahe had taken the manuscript out of Dr. Wilmot's library to scribble in, and then, fearing his anger, had secreted the volume, and it had remained in her possession forgotten until it was accidentally dis- covered by Mr. Ryves. The cross-examination of the petitioner, which was not finished when the court rose, was resumed on the morning of the 9th June by the Attorney General. The memorial of Mrs. Serres to King George IV., in which she claimed to be acknow- ledged Princess Olive of Cumberland, was read. It differed in many important respects from the account already given, but the witness said the errors it contained were the errors of Mr. Nugent Bell, the " genealogical counsel" whom her mother had employed. She stated that the Duke of Kent believed that Mrs.Serres was really legiti- mate from 1815 to 1818, and that somebody having then told him that the marriage of the Duke of Cumberland was nullified by the Royal Marriage Act, he persuaded her that she was illegitimate till November, 1819, when she was informed by a clergy- man that the act had not been passed till five years after. In the memorial the word " offspring," was spelt " orfspring," and that error Mrs. Ryves attributed to Mr Bell ; but a birthday ode to the Prince of Wales, which Mrs. Serres had written with her own hand in 1812, was found to contain the following lines :- Hail valued, Hour orfspring of Heaven's smile, The great and mighty succour of this isle. This eccentric orthography was found in several other autograph papers of Mrs. Serres. The Attorney-General called for the original of several documents printed in Mrs. Ryves's pamph- let relating to the birth and identifica- tion of her mother, and other matters, but they were not produced. The learned counsel read some "private and confi- dential" communications addressed by Mr. Bell to Henry Happers, Esq., Under Secretary of State. In one of them Mr. Bell stated that he had seen certain papers in Mrs. Serres's posses- sion which he believed to be genuine, and that unless her Majesty declared her to be the Princess of Cumberland, within a few hours the papers would be given to the public and a revolution might be brought about. In another Mr. Bell said that he had seen several certificates, the first signed by Dr.Wilmot, stating that his late Majesty George III. was married at Kew to Hannah Light- foot in 1759 ; the second, signed by " J. Dunning'' and "Chatham," stating that his late majesty was married to Queen Charlotte, after the death of Queen Hannah, in January, 1765, by Dr. Moore ; and the third, signed by his late majesty, declar- ing William Henry to be his first legitimate son. The witness had heard some rumors about the subject of the second certificate, but she had never seen such a paper. She had heard that Dr. Moore was a friend of Dr. Wilmot. Dr. Frazer, a physician, was then examined, and he stated that when a young man, shortly after he entered the medical profession, he at- tended upon the late Princess Olive, as the was then called. He attended her from February, 1832, to February, 1834. He was introduced by Mr. Macaulay, a literary gentleman. He visited her frequently, and talked a great deal with her upon a variety of subjects, including politics and her own affairs, and he never had the least reason to suppose that she was a person of unsound mind. Since that period witness had had considerable experience with regard to insane patients. Mr. A. W. South said he had been acquainted with the late Princess Olive, and had frequently conversed with her relative to the claims she put forward on the subject of her birth. He believed her to have been as sound in mind as he was himself. A document was then read by the learned counsel, purporting to be the last will and testament of the Earl of Warwick, dated the 22nd June, 1812, in which it was stated, that, from the injuries his lordship had received at the hands of his eldest son, he was induced to bequeath to Olive, Princess of Cumberland, all his real and personal estate upon conditions which he was sure she would observe. The Attorney-General said there was also a letter written by Lord War- wick, purporting to give reasons for making this will, and in which it was stated that the letters of " Junius" were written by Dr. Wilmot - Mrs. Ryves believed that she could still propound the will.-At the close of Mra. Ryvea'a evidence, the will and a Post-office frank of Lord Warwick, and the will of the Duke of Kent, were put in na specimens for comparison of handwriting, and this concluded the case for the petitioner. - The further hearing was then postponed till June 13, when it was resumed, and the case for the defence entered upon. The Attorney-General detailed the circum- stance connected with the case which he would have to lay before the jury. He alleged that the petitioner's mother was the daughter of Robert Wilmot, and in proof of that he quoted the bond entered into on her marriage.in which she was stated to be the daughter of that gentleman, and also to Dr. Wilmot's will, in which she was left a legacy as his niece, and the daughter of his brother Robert Wilmot. He could not help bearing in his mind, and of representing it to the jury, that this lady, the petitioner's mother, was of disordered mind. In proof of that he read the singular letters which she addressed to the Prince of Wales, and which he referred to in the cross-examination of the petitioner. These letters ran from 1809 to 1813, and they contained statements of the most extraordinary character, showing that her mind was full from beginning to end of insane delusions. In one of them she offered to lend the Prince of Wales £20,000 provided he would grant her a personal interview even for two hours. This interview she sought in many letters. In others she lamented her poverty, and asked for assistance. Several of these indicated that she was a great dabbler in astrology. But the most conclusive part of the case was this :- Between the death of the Earl of Warwick, in May, 1816, and the death of George III., in 1820, the stories she gave of her case were inconsistent with each other, and totally inconsistent with the story which she told in 1821. The first story she published was that she was the illegitimate daughter of the Duke of Cumberland by Mrs. Payne, wife of Captain Payne, who had gone abroad and never returned, who was a sister of Dr. Wilmot's. And in several of her letters at the time, she stated Dr Wilmot to be her uncle. That was in May, 1817. The second story was that she was a natural daughter of the Duke of Cumberland by a sister of Dr. Wilmot's, a lady of large fortune, whom the duke had seduced under the promise of marriage. Again in July, 1818, she wrote to the Prince Regent to the effect that she was told by the Earl of Warwick that she was the daughter of the Duke of Cumberland, who gave him £2000 to be paid to her, but which he had spent, and was in consequence ashamed to go to the Prince of Wales and unfold the circumstances of her birth. She, however, regretted that with the death of the Earl of Warwick, in 1816, all evi- dence of her birth and parentage had been lost. And yet the petitioner now came into the wit- ness-box and gave a minute detail of the visits of the Duke of Kent and the Earl of Warwick to her mother in 1815 ; the production of the papers which disclosed all the circumstances of her title ; while in the letter to the Prince Regent her mother distinctly stated that with the death of the Earl of Warwick she was afraid all trace of her parentage was lost. But then in 1821, when the Duke of Kent and George III. were dead, she told a different story, and alleged that from documents found in a sealed packet, opened in 1819, she found that she was the daughter of the Duke of Cumberland and his duchess, Olive Wilmot, a daughter of Dr. Wilmot. There were a great many sealed packets in this case, but certainly this was the most extraordinary one. There were several of the documents said to be produced in 1815 which stated that it was Dr. Wilmot's daughter who married the Duke of Cumberland ; and if there was truth in the pro- duction of these at that time, she had no occasion to wait for the opening of the sealed packet in 1819 to inform her of it. If there had been a sealed packet there was no question from the letters of the petitioner's mother to the Prince Regent, that it was opened long before 1819 , at all evenls the documents produced now could not have been the same as those in existence then, for in those documents there is no word of Mrs. Payne ; and the statement was plain and dis- tinct that it was Dr. Wilmot's own daughter that he married to the Duke of Cumberland, while the Earl of Warwick, in a letter to the princess, spoke of that Olive Wilmot as her " angelic mother." It is not likely he would have so spoken of Mrs. Payne, a married woman, and it was almost in- credible that Dr. Wilmot would have married his sister, a married woman, to the Duke of Cum- berland. As to what was said about the Royal Marriage Act, it was out of the question to suppose that the Royal Marriage Act rendered the marriage null. Then it was said this lady was bound to keep certain matters secret until after the death of George III. ; but she had a singular way of keeping that secret, for years before the king's death she was perpetually dunning the Prince of Wales with statements of her case. The learned gentleman referred to certain statements made by the princess in her life of Dr. Wilmot, published in 1813, and a vindication of his claim to the title of " Junius," published in 1817, in order to show that she paid considerable attention to the comparison of handwriting, as evinced in her state- ments relative to the manuscript of " Junius" in Mr. Woodfall's possession, and her assertion that no one could compare that manuscript with Dr. Wilmot's handwriting without being satisfied that they were both traced by the same hand. He next alluded to the letter written by Mr. Bell, the legal adviser of the princess, to the Secretary of State, in 1821, in furtherance of lher claim. These he characterised as begging letters, and that of the most gross character. There was, in fact, a whole family of such docu- ments, but none of them were now forthcoming. On these documents there were 14 names which appeared on the papers now relied on, and 12 which did not so appear. The petitioner had now put in evidence 72 documents. Besides these 10 more had been produced from the Treasury. In the memorial of 1821 there were 11 more, the originals of which were not now produced, while in the pamphlet published by the petitioner there were 26 more, of which the originals were not produced ; altogether the documents mentioned as bearing on the case were over 160, while out of the whole only 82 were produced. And what sort of docu- ments were they ? Why, they were such that no expert in the world could give evidence of the handwriting from them. With two exceptions they were all written on little scraps and strips of paper, and all without the water-mark of date. The learned gentleman was proceeding with his address, when the foreman said he was com- missioned by his fellow jurors to express their opinion that there would not be the slightest necessity to call evidence to rebut the case of the petitioner, for in their unanimous view the docu- ments relied upon by her were spurious. - The Chief Justice : In that case you only share the opinion of my learned brethren and myself. We have long felt that every one of these papers is a palpable forgery : nor is there one part of the petitioner's case which agrees with the rest. - Dr. Smith then addressed the jury at some length on the part of the peti- tioner, after which the Chief Justice summed up, and the jury delivered their verdict, which, stripped of technicalities, was this :- That no such marriage as that alleged between the Duke of Cumberland and Olive Wilmot had ever taken place, and that the so-called Princess Olive was not their legitimate daughter. - The Attorney General then asked that the documents might be impounded, and intimated that if the case had gone on he should have been able to prove that Dr. Wilmot was at Oxford at the time of the pretended marriage in London ; and that Lord Warwick, before his accession to the title, never signed himself "Brooke" but "Greville." - The documents were then ordered by the court to be impounded, and the case concluded. 