SHIPPING. ARRIVAL. FEBRUARY 14.— Cesar Godeffroy, Hamburg barque, 600 tons, Captain Decker, in Brisbane Roads, from Hamburg. Passengers : Dr. Berkstein, surgeon- superintendent, and 318 German immigrants, C. Heussler and Co., agents. DEPARTURE. February 15.—Yarra Yarra, A.S.N. Co.'s s., 350 tons, Captain Moppett, for Sydney. Passengers : Mr. Baines, and about 5 in the steerage. CLEARANCE. February 13.—Scotia, schooner, 104 tons, Captain Bartlett, for Melbourne Passenger : Mr. C. E. Wood. IMPORTS. Bayswater, from Liverpool, via Keppel Bay : 1 winch, 1 cask chains, J. Bourne ; 1 box, W. S. Stone ; 1 box tools, H. Fowler ; 50 cases beer, G. H. Wilson and Co. ; 1 sewing machine, Miss E. Bradshaw ; 20 hogsheads rum, G. Raff and Co. ; 40,000 slates, 2 casks stone bottles, 14 trunks boots and shoes, 250 cases bottled stout, Bright Brothers ; 1 box effects, T. Meade ; 1 case books, G. Slater ; 6 cases hardware, 1 bale woollens, 2 bales, 1 parcel, H. Box, Son, and Co. ; 4 casks, Cribb and Foote ; 96 ovens and covers, 20 cases galvanised iron, 2 hogsheads, Fraser and Buckland ; 1 box, W. Pettigrew : 1 box, Miss Thornton ; 3 boxes stationery, J. W. Buxton; 550 barrels bottled beer, Orr and Honeyman ; 1 box, C. Walsh ; 1 box effects, M'Clement ; 10 hogshoads holloware, 100 hogs- heads ale, 1 boiler, 1 funnel, 48 packages and pieces machinery, 96 pile segments, 100 barrels cement, 704 pipes, 250 tons coal, Order. Cesar Godeffroy, from Hamburg: 300 casks cement, 100 cases beer, 2 cases, Order. EXPORTS. Scotia, for Melbourne : 59,000 feet cedar, a quantity of sails and spars, R. Hutchins ; 14 packages paint, 1 box effects, Bright Bros. Yarra Yarra, s., for Sydney : 111 hides, 16 bales wool, Wienholt and Co. ; 18 casks tallow, Little and Cheeseman ; 29 bales wool, G. H. Wilson and Co. ; 6 bales wool, 1 bale skins, Gaskarth ; 2 hogsheads tallow, Bright Bros. ; 63 casks beef, 2 casks tongues, M. B. Davis ; 1 case pines, Mrs. Bussey ; 6 casks pines, Rogers ; 1 case, Butler Bros. ; 13 bales wool, J. and G. Harris ; 1 bale skins, Hassell and Ogg ; 26 cases fruit, Dunn ; 4 cases fruit, R. Jarrott ; 6 cases fruit, J. Hargreaves ; 3 cases fruit, Passengers. CAPE MORETON. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] February 15. Departures.—Gneering, s., for Maryborough, at noon. A steamer (the Lady Young) left the Cape at midnight; and another (the Yarra Yarra) by the south passage this forenoon. Both for Sydney. IPSWICH STEAMERS.—The Ipswich, from the A.S.N. Co.'s wharf, at 9 o'clock; the Emu, from the Q.S.N. Co.'s wharf, at 10 o'clock ; and the Settler, from Raffs' wharf, at the same hour this morning. LAUNCH.—Yesterday forenoon a fine schooner yacht was launched from the building yard of Mr. E. Monk, at South Brisbano, for the hon. G. Harris. The vessel in question is an old friend of ours, known as the Hamlet's Ghost, and she has undergone such a metamorphosis that no one acquainted with her original form would recognise her as the same craft. Her history has not been an uneventful one. The original " Ghost," as she is familiarly called, was built on a coral reef off our north-east coast by the cast-away crew of a whaling schooner, belonging to Sydney, named the Prince of Den- mark. The reef had been occupied by the master of this whaler, Captain Bennett, as a depot for stores, &c.;, and it was in approaching it that that vessel was wrecked. The crew reached the depot in safety by means of the boats; and to escape from this dreary and desolate spot they built a boat out of the remains of the schooner and some boat planks which Captain Bennett had in store. In her Captain Bennett and his crew, after suffering considerable hardships, succeeded in reaching this port. Subsequently she was purchased by her present owner for £100. He laid out a con- siderable sum upon her to fit her for the lighter- ing trade, and had her altered from a schooner to a ketch. As a lighter she was not a profitable vessel, owing to her small capacity for cargo, and ultimately she was laid up. More recently she was placed in the hands of Mr. Monk to convert her into a pleasure yacht, and the result may be seen in the smart little schooner now moored off his yard at the south side. Mr. Monk has evidently made his work a "labor of love." He has altered the former sharp life-boat like stern, into one more becoming her future occupation—namely, an eliplical stern. The bow also has undergone a change, and in place of a straight stem, sho has now a slight over-hanging, which with two neatly designed head boards bearing her name in gold letters on a ribbon, form a very neat head. Nor has the general model of the vessel been overlooked, and all imperfections and irregularities in lines have been rectified, while over all the filling in, which the roughness of her original construction rendered accessary, she has been sheathed with inch cedar plank and coppered. Internally she has been supplied with a large number of additional timbers, and has been lined with a diagonal skin of pine. The cabin is situated amidships, and is calculated for the accommo- dation of twelve persons. On deck there is a large skylight, to afford more head room in the cabin ; and the deck itself has been relaid with colonial beech. The standing rigging is of wire rope, and the vessel was launched with her masts standing and colors flying. In order to do this safely it was necessary that she should have ballast on board, and this was supplied by iron kentledge cast in moulds to fit the vessel's bottom. Mr. Monk has also on hand a vessel of a very different class. We allude to the light ship building for the Queens- land Government, and intended to be stationed at Keppel Bay. A large portion of the framing has been completed, and in a short time she will be ready for planking ; but we defer a more extended notice until she is further advanced. South Brisbane appears to be, as our American cousins would say, " going ahead " in the matter of ship building ; for within a hundred yards of this vessel Mr. W. Pettigrew has the keel of a steamer laid. This vessel will be about 30 tons burthen, with a light draught, and is intended to tow rafts of timber for the supply of his extensive sawmills. The Helen S. Page, barque, was lying at the Black Ball quarry, ballasting, last evening. We have it on good authority that the Government steamer, Kate, has been withdrawn from competition with private vessels in the river trade. For the future she will be em- ployed exclusively for the carrying of Govern- ment business. THE CESAR GODEFFROY.— This vessel arrived in Brisbane Roads about sundown on Wednes- day, after a passage of one hundred days from Cuxhaven. She was six days in sight of the Queensland coast, but could not make Cape Moreton, owing to ad- verse winds and calms. The Cesar Godeffroy brings out 318 German immigrants under the medical charge of Dr. Bernstein, who during the passage has ushered into the world six little strangers. The deaths were only two in number a woman who died in childbed, and an infant a year and a half old. Throughout the voyage the health of the passengers, as may be supposed, has been good, and yesterday the ship was visited by Dr. Purdie, and passed with a clean bill of health. VESSELS IN HARBOR.—FEBRUARY 15. Ship Melmerby, 1510 tons, Captain Borlase from Liverpool. Bright Brothers and Co, agents. Eagle Farm Flats. Ship Queen of the South, 1859 tons, Captain Purvis, for Callao. J. and G. Harris, agents. Brisbane Roads. Ship La Rochelle, 826 tons, Captain J. Junge, from Hamburg. C. Heusslcr and Co., agents. Brisbane Roads. Ship Earl Russell, 1042 tons, Captain Bolt, for Galle J. and G. Harris, agents. Brisbane Roads. Ship Wandrahm, — tons, Captain H. Bruhns, from Hamburgh. C. Heussler and Co., agents. In Quarantine at Dunwich. Ship Golden City, 1368 tons, Captain Sar- geant, from London. J. an G. Harris, agents. Brisbane Roads. Ship Montmorency, 668 tons, Captain J. Holland, loading for London. Bright Bros, and Co., agents. Brisbane Roads. Ship Bayswater, 1256 tons, Captain Pack, from Keppel Bay. Bright Brothers and Co, agents. Steam ship, Great Victoria, 2298, tons, Captain Richards, from London. J. and G. Harris, agents. Brisbane Roads. Barque Lochnagar, 464 tons, Captain Stott, loading for London. G. Raff and Co., agents. Petrie's Bight. Barque City of Melbourne, 177 tons, Captain Robinson, from Sydney. Barque Helen S. Page, 217 tons, Captain Evans, from Newcastle. Barque Valetta, 289 tons, Captain Ritchie, from London. G. Raff and Co., agents. Raffs' wharf. Barque Johan Cesar, 414 tons, Captain Bruhns, from Hamburg. C. Heussler and Co., agents. Brisbane Roads. Barque Renown, 440 tons, Captain G. Adams, from London, J. and G. Harris, agents, Bris- bane Roads. Barque Cesar Godeffroy, 600 tons, Captain Decker, from Hamburg. C. Heussler and Co., agents. Brisbane Roads. Schooner Pioneer, 250 tons, Captain Hyde, from Newcastle. T. Unmack, agent. Schooner Gem, 90 tons, Captain Dawson, from Adelaide. J. Fenwick and Co., agents. Schooner Scotia, 104 tons, Captain Bartlett, loading for Melbourne. Bright Bros. Wharf. Schooner Fame, 60 tons, Captain G. Carter, from the Clarence River. VESSELS TO ARRIVE. Mary Lawson, 380, Thompson, from London ; sailed October 24. Legion of Honor, 1219, Williams, from London ; sailed from Gravesend November 20 with 479 passengers. Charlie Palmer, 567, Smith, from London ; sailed from Gravesend November 22. Osbourne House, 366, Lowe, from London ; to sail December 6. Flying Cloud, 1236, Morgan, from London ; to sail December 20, with about 500 passengors. Southern Ocean, Craig, from London ; to sail January 20, with about 450 passengers, Sultana, 1204, from Liverpool, for Hervey's Bay ; sailed November 5, with 558 passengers. Light of the Age, 1287, Porter, sailed from Liverpool November 18, and to sail from the Clyde December 2, with about 550 passengers. Rockhampton, Christianson, from Liverpool, for Keppel Bay ; to sail from Queenstown January 10, with about 450 passengers. Picard, 165, Hopkins, from Adelaide ; sailed January 20. Contest, 322, Leighton, from Adelaide; cleared January 25, Traveller, 117, Carr, from Melbourne ; sailed February 5. Sarah, Jones, from Melbourne. Sarah Barr, Powell, from Sydney. [BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.] MARYBOROUGH. ARRIVAL. February 14.—Florence Irving, s., from Brisbane. DEPARTURES. February 15.—Florence Irving, s., for Glad- stone and Rockhampton ; Leichhardt, s., for Brisbane. SYDNEY. ARRIVALS. February 14.—Spunkie, schooner, Bern Hae, French barque, and Wonga Wonga, s s., from Melbourne ; Alexandra, schooner, from Ade- laide. DEPARTURES. February 14.—Cinderella, for Shanghae ; Mariposa, for Wanganui ; Telegraph, s., for Brisbane ; Susannah Cuthbert, s.s., for Grafton ; Saxonia, s.s., for Neneastle, Anglo-Saxon, You Yangs, s.s., and Alexandra, s.s., for Mel- bourne. 