LOCAL NEWS. Writs of Election.-A writ h sa been issued, and the following arrangemeuts have been made for the eleotion of » Member to serve in the present Legislative Assembly of New South Wales, for the electoral distriot of West Sydney in room of Mr. John Robertson, whose seat in the said Assembly has been deolared vaoant by reason of his acceptance or tho office of Seoretary for Lands : Place of nomination, Wynyird-square ; date of writ, 9th January ; date nomination, 16tn January; polling day 17tb January; return of writ, 20th January. A writ has also been issued, and the following arrangements bave been made for the eleotion of a member to serve for the elec- toral distriot of the Williams, in the room of Mr. Marshall Burdekin, whose seat has been deolared vacant by reason of his aooeptance of the office of Colonial Treasurer : Plaoe of nomination, Dungog ; date of writ 9th January ; date of nomination, 18th January; polling day, 22nd January; return of writ, 31st January.-& M. Herald, Jan. IO. New Year's Gift.-We have jnst heard of a very appropriate Nuw Year's Gift. On the 1st January a gift of eleven guineas was presented to the railway porters (five) at the West Maitland railway station, contributed by most of the leading merchants, storekeepers, and pro- duce dealers of the town, as an aoknowledgemnt of the civility, promptitude, and attention to the interests of partieB having frequent occasion to send and receive goods by railway. We believe the gift was well deserved, and are glad to record it as a proof of the friendly esteem on one side, and of prompt willingness on the other. CONGREGATIONAL SUNDAY SCHOOL.—On Wednesday the annual treat was given to the children of the Congrega- tional Sunday Sohool. Ha-ring assembled at tho ohuroh, they walked to Mr. Hudson's paddock, Horse Shoe Bend, where thoy engaged heartily in various gameB, and re- galed themselves with fruit. About half-past five o'olook eighty children Bat down to tea, after wbioh tbey amused themselves until near seven o'olook, when the Bev. B. T. Hills addressed to them a few words, and then all united in singing and prayer, after whioh they separated,having first paid attention to some cake and nnts. The Hibtory of Australian Discovert and Oo'u0. Ni2ATi0N.*-We have to acknowledge the reesipt of Part lil,, of this publication, whioh bas just beeu issued. The history of the colonies, from the year 1800 to 1810 (Governor King to Governor Mocquarie's arrival) is con- tained in Part III, whioh numbers ebont 100 pages. It is written in a more vigorous and interesting style than the earlier parts of the work, especially those chap- ters deBOriptive of the aboriginal inhabitants and their customs ; and descriptive of the treatment of oonviots in the colony in the early days of its settlement. The work will be read with profit, and is especially worthy the attention of Australians, many of whom, unfortunately, pay little attention to matters appertaining to their country's history. BURNED TO DEATH.-On Thursday, the 4th instant, a youth, named Alexander MKeown, aged 17 years, who resided with his parents at Richmond Vale, was acci- dentally burned to such an extent that he died from the injuries, on the 8th instant. The unfortunate youth was weak in intellect, and subject to epileptic fits; in one of these fits, during his parents' absence from the house, he fell on to the kitchen fire, and there lay with his legs across it burning. His sister, a little child, threw water on him, but was unable to move him without help. A neighbour (Alexander McLeay) fortunately came in, and seeing the poor lad's position, immediately removed him. Medical aid was sent for, and Dr. Markey was in prompt attendance. He at once pronounced the case hopeless, and the poor lad died four days afterwards. A coroner's inquest was held on the body, on Tuesday, by Mr. Thom- son, and the verdiot recorded was "Accidentally burned to death " The Mail Service, and the P. and O. Company. From a telegram to the Argus, dated Adelaide, January 4th, we learn that the Peninsular and Orien tal Company's defenoe to the Home authorities against the aomplaintsof the Australian colonies, for delays in the delivery of our mails, is published, with Mr, Oardtvell's despatoh on the subjeot. The Company's defenco is to the effcot that the Company's boats perform the servios at a moderate oost, whioh does not justify the employment of their largest ships. With reference to the threat of the Victorian Government that the contraot will be terminated unless better oondaoted, the Company say they can offer no better guarantee than their present performance. ST. MARY'S YOUNG MEN'S SOCIETY.—The usual weekly mooting of this sooiety was held -on Wednesday .evening-tho vioe-preBident (Mr. L. U. Clarke) in the chair. Tbere was a good attendance. Mr. J. A. Gor riok read his prize essay on " Australia's Future," and a vote of appreciation was passed unanimously, on the motion of Mr. McCook, seconded by Mr. Withers. The first nnmber of the new manusoript magazine waa pro- duced. It oonslsts of twenty-four pages of olosely written foolscap, and contains artioles and a poem by various members of the sooiety. The first artiole, or " leader," is ah opening address to the members of the sooiety, by Mr. W. J. Tarplee, the loader of the present Connell. * The other articles are-" Women's work in IheCbnreb," "A true Ghost Story," "A visit to the House of Commons," "A Soliloquy upon Taxation," " The Heavens," and a poem entitled "A happy Now Year." A great deal of interoBt in tho magazine was manifested by the members. Some extracts from it were read, wbioh elicited complimentary remarks from various members, and the meeting olosed. The business for tbe next meeting will be a debate upon the question, " Whether tue British Government were justified in banishing Napoleon to St. Helena," to be introduced by the Council. Australian Mutual Provident Sooiety.-A special meeting of the members of the Australian Mutual Pro- vident Sooiety was held on Wednesday, Mr. 8. A. Joseph, M. L. A., in theohair. After considerable discussion, the following resolution was moved by the Hon. A. Campbell, Esq., M. L, 0., and seconded by Mr. Rolleston, and agreed to :-" That the repeal of the existing by- laws, and the adoption of the now by-laws approved at a special meeting of the members held on the 18th Dec- ember, 1865, be confirmed, and said new by-laws fim»Hy passed." Sir Alfred Stephen then moved, "Thatthe by-lawB are not intended to, and shall not, prejudioe any contraot already entered into between the sooiety and any member thereof." " Mr. Holt seoonded the amendment, whioh was, after disoussion, negatived, S. Jil. Herald. Jan. 11. Singleton Mechanics' Institute.-Our Singleton cor- respondent requests us to supply an accidental omission in his report of the yearly meeting of this institution, published in Thursday's Mercury It was that Mr. J. W. Bowes was re elected to the office of treasurer. AFFILIATION CASE.—At the West Maitland police court, on Thnrsday, Daniel Henry was charged, on the information of Margaret McFadyen, with refusing to maintain an illegitimate child, of which be was the father. Mr. Thomson appeared for complainant, and Mr. Briggs for dofendant. Margaret McFadyen deposed that she first became acquainted with the defendant about nine months ago ; seven weeks after Christmas of 1864 she went to live at Mr. Masters' publio-honse, in High-street ; she stayed there as servant sixteen weeks ; six weeks after going there defendant had improper in- tercourse with her, several times, and on the 1st of De- cember last Bhe had given birth to a child, of wbioh the defendant was the father ; she denied ever having had improper intercourse with any other person, or that Bhe bad ever had a ohild before; she never had had improper interoonrse with Mr. Keys, of Loch- invar ; he had never attempted to have improper iutercourse or take liberties with her ; she denied ever having had intercourse with a man named Parkin ; she had never said that she had had intercourse with any other person than the prisoner.— Thomas Masters deposed that the complainant lived at his house as servant from 2nd February to the 27th May ; she was a bit of a simpleton ; he never Baw anyone taking liber- ties with her.— Neil Kelly stated that be had offered to give oomplainant £10 to settle the present oase; it was his own money ; be denied that itj was the money of Henry ; when he told Henry obout it, he said he would not pay the money, and that he was not the father of the child.— Daniel Henry, on being called now, denied that be was the father of the ohild ; be had never bad crimi- nal intercourse with the oomplainant. This was the oase for the proseoution, and Mr. Briggs submitted that it must be dismissed. Without hearing any evidenoe for the defenoe, the benoh dismissed the oase. Disorderly Character,-At the West Maitland police court, on Wednesday, Thomas Docherty was brought up on four several obarges-one of drunkenness, one of using obscene lauguage, one of assaulting constable Bay in the exeoution of his duty, and another of destroying oonslable Kay's trousers. He was oonvioted on all the oharges, and tor being drunk was discharged, for using obscene lan- guage he was fined 5s., or twenty-four hours' imprison- ment, for assaulting the constable in the exeoution of his duty he was fined 20s., or one month's imprisonment, and for destroying the constable's uniform be wsb orderod to pay 10s, the amount of the damage done. . The fines and damages were paid. , ". ." Police Business -Four oases were disposed of by Mr. B. P. Capper at the West Maitland polioe court, on Wednesday. At the same court on Thursday, four oases were disposed of by Messrs. E. D. Day, K. P. Capper, and J. E. Wolfe. DRUNKENNESS.— James Nowlan and James Dann were convicted of drunkenness by the Benob at West Maitland, on Thursday. They were both discharged. Dat or Humiliation and Pbatbb.-Owing to the prolonged continuance of the drought, and in oompli anoe with the spirit of the Governor's proclamation, aetting yesterday apart as a day of humiliation and prayer, the day was observed with religions stiictnesa as a holyday. Every place of business in the town-stores, shops, hotels, &a.-were; closed, and in the severalohnroheg divine service was held, and prayers were offered to the Almighty to bleBB the land with rain. The streets of Maitland presented » deserted appearance ; very few, indeed, availed themselves of the day's oessation from labour to spend their time in enjoyment. A spirit of unuBiial solemnity and quietude, greater even than that of 8onday, porvaded the town. Only two trains (as on Sun- days) were run yeBterday on the Great Northern line. The Williams Electorate.-A fifth oandidate, Mr. J. F, Manton, it will be seen, addresses the eleotors of the Williams. The nomination takes plaoe at Dun- gog, on Thursday, the 18th Instant. The Gbain Crops in the West op Victoria.-The Warrnambool Examiner has the following about the weather and the crops in that district :-"Rarely have we had finer weather at this Beason of the year than at the present time. For the past fortnight the raina have been so refreshing, and withal bo gentle, that the cropa | have been immensely benefited, and we have not seen them look so promising for many years baok. The wheat is in beautiful oondition, and we hope the season is now too far advanced for the caterpillar or rust to destroy the grain. The potatoes also look well, and a good crop is expeoted. The farmers are now busy haymaking, and as oats, as a general rule, have not turned out well bbia sea- son, a graat quantity of hay may be looked for." ^ ABSCONDING FROM HIRED SERVICE.—At the West Mait- land polioe court, on Thursday, John Conder, who had been apprehended on warrant, was brought up, charged with absconding from the hired service of William Fer- guson. It appeared that on the 7th December the defendant entered into the serviee of complainant, as general farm servant, at Bellevue, Paterson, for the term of one year, upon an agreement for one year. On the 6th instant he left his service, and had not ainoe per- formed any work. Complainant denied having given defendant permission to leave tho servios. Defendant was sworn, and he stated that oomplainant had told him to go away ¡ he also averred that the agreementwhioh had been read over to him when he entered complain mt's service waa not the same as that now produced by oom- plainant. He said it was agreed that he should have £40 ¡ by the agreement he was only to have £30. He however oalled no evidence in support of bia statement, and the benoh ordered him to go baok to the oomplain anl's^service, and fulfil his agreement. 