TOOWOOMBA. (FROM Our OWN CORRESPONDENT.) December 14. SINCE Saturday last we have had a continua- tion of steady rains accompanied with dense mists. On Monday, " Separation day, the rain fall was heavy, and continued through the night. On Tuesday there was a gleam of sunshine, but the atmosphere was close and heavy and the mists ultimately gained the ascendancy, and drizzling rains succeeded during the whole of the night. Yesterday and to-day the weather continued cloudy, hot, and oppressive, and the indications of rain bayonetted passed away. The crops of oats have are generally secured, but some small portions of it have suffered considerably in color from the late rains. The greater portion of the wheat crop is yet standing, but the grain is over- ripe, and great care will be required in reaping, otherwise the best of the corn will be shaken from the ear. The rust has died out in most' instances, but in one or two cases the crop has been seriously injured, and the loss will be severely felt in these needy times. I have already collected a considerable fund of information relative to the time of planting, nature of soil, seed, and cultivation, with a view to discover how far either of these subjects may be connected with the development of the disease as shown in the specimens of straws which I have carefully examined, and I shall at a future day embody the same in an agricultural article with the hope that such a course may prove beneficial, by the interchange of views and ideas respecting a probable remedy, which may be suggested by some of your subscribers. The crops of maize are looking magnificent, and the supply of grass is now coming on with every prospect of general abundance. Trade maintains a steady improvement, but general confidence has been set roly shaken, and the disclosures of some of the late assignments have been very far from satisfactory or creditable, as regards the commercial honor of the transactions in question. Flour is in good sale at from £22 to £23 per ton for Adelaide brands, and £20 for Toowoomba and Warwick. Maize of sweet and sound quality is scarce, but inferior kinds are plentiful and selling at 8s. per bushel. Oaten hay is freely offered at from 23 to £5 per ton and sales have been brisk at that figure. One or two of our legal luminaries are excessively busy in hunting up a candidate to contest the election for this district; but the candidate cannot be found who would have the ghost oTn, chance in opposition to Mr. Groom. An attempt was made to seduce Mr. Morey of Spring Creek into the usual expenses," but that gentleman declined the honor with the usual courtesies. A day or two since a movement was made in favor of Mr. J. Taylor the present member for Western Downs ; a little requisition was handed round yesterday in the some time honored style which prevailed at home, when there was a vacancy for " beedle or churchwarden of the parish, But the popular enthusiasm was positively below that standard. Another division are talking of Mr. Pring, but any opposition having a squatting tendency or connection could not possibly have the shadow of a chance in this electorate Mr. Groom, whatever his failings or misfortunes, has certainly been faithful and punctual in his parliamentary duties, and especially careful of our local into streets and those qualifications will secure him the support of the main body of the electors. Separation day was excessively dull '"and miserable. The thick heavy mists _ overlying the ranges, and the sharp soaking rains coming on at frequent intervals, effectually put, a stop to cricket and out-door excursions ; while the stagnant son of mud munificently provided by our corporate body, was equally effective in keeping QUIT' citizens at home, This matter, however, was no great disappointment to our storekeepers and their assistants, for owing to the churlish action of one of their body the whole of the store would have been kept open, had the weather proved otherwise; and whatever little regret there may have been was materially softened by the knowledge that this " grinding institution" met with its legitimate reward. It would have been thought that sufficient " human sacrifice " was given between sunrise and ton and eleven at night at this particular season, but the juggernaut of the valley thought otherwise, and the immolation was continued. The Toowoomba and Union Cricket Clubs played their return match on Saturday, and the old union players again , maintained their supremacy on the first innings by 28 runs. The fielding of the former club was miserably weak, and the game was given away in byes and wides. The Helidon Cricket Club came up Separation day in spite of the weather, but the rainfall was so continuous that the game could not be carried on,; but a material solace was given to this disappointment by the magnificent spread provided by" Alderman Fraser, at the Queen's Arms Hotel. - ; ' , ' Dr Stacy met with a narrow escape on Sunday last, when driving down Stuart- street. The horse suddenly took to kicking owing to its being imperfectly harnessed, and the doctor held the animal in check for some time, but one of the shafts breaking it wheeled round and bolted, and ultimately released itself from the vehicle. The doctor escaped without any injury, although the dashboard and bottom of the buggy were smashed and broken by the kicking and plunging of the horse, and Miss Stacey, who was with the doctor, who escaped with a slight bruising. A meeting of the Town Council was held on Wednesday afternoon, but little business of importance came under discussion ; the meeting being called only for the purpose of voting the usual monthlypoyment to the contractor. The entries for the Toowoomba Cup were declared on Wednesday evening, and the number (nine) and the names of the horses give every prospect of a good race. The entries for the other races will close on Friday, the 21st Instant, and they will be declared, at the White Horse Hotel on the evening of the same day. Separation Day was celebrated at Drayton with a public dinner and ball; Mr. Haslam taking the chair at the festive board." A very merry and pleasant evening was spent in a far more social style than in Puritanic Too Woomba. 