CENTRAL CRIMINAL COURT. WEDNESDAY AND THURSDAY Before his Honor the Chief Justice and a general jury. Henry Louis Bertrand (remanded from the last sittings of the Court) was indicted that he did, on the 6th October last, feloniously, wilfully, and of his maliceaforethought kill and murder Henry Kinder, at St Leonards, in the district of Sydney. Prisoner had previously pleaded not guilty. Mr. Butler presented for the Crown. Prisoner was de- fended by Mr. Dalley and Mr. Windeyer, instructed by Mr. W. Roberts. The learned counsel for the Crown opened the case, which he alluded to as one of the most extraordinary in the annals of crime, by explaining the causes contributing to the death of Kinder, and went on to contrast the two ver- sions: - that by Bertrand at the inquest, and that in evidence in the present case-of the circumstances under which the pistol wound was inflicted. The motives for the crime were, he said, to be found in Bertrand s intimacy with and strong passion for Mrs Kinder, and his expressed determination to marry her, and numerous quota- tions were cited from Bertrand's diary to show the nature of prisoner's past relations and future intentions with regard to her- his references to some past action of his calling for contrition, and his seeming doubt of God allowing "a wretch like him to go unpunished "-and the allusion to those who opposed his union with Mrs Kinder : "I tell thee thou hast need of God's help indeed if thou hast me for an enemy-I, who value life as I value weapons to be used when required, and then thrown away or destroyed, some of course being kept for future use if necessary." The learned counsel went on to show the importance of the fact that prisoner, who was present at the shooting, for days gave no information of it to the police. It was too a strange coinci- dence that Bertrand should, in disguise, go with his assistant to buy pistols, one of which should be proved to be the instrument of Kinder's death. The jury would have to take the admissions of Bertrand, together with facts that undoubtedly went to prove a design on his part to take Kinder's life. Evidence would be adduced to show that on several occasions he made excursions at night to Kinder's residence with the intention of murdering him, and this failing, he fell back upon the idea of shooting him. Pistols were purchased-he practised firing at a sheep's head, and let fall an expression to a man named Jackson, to this effect -"You would not like to be implicated in a charge for the murder of Kinder," and told him he must not be surprised at anything he might hear after he went away. With regard to the nature of the wounds, it would be in medical evidence that the two bones injured could not have been broken except by a shot fired from behind while the victim had his head stooped-an attitude it was highly improbable a man would assume if he intended to blow his brains out. If Bertrand was mad, it could only be the madness of his passion for this woman. The learned counsel then pro- ceeded to call evidence. Detective Elliott, who arrested Bertrand, produced two packets of letters (in Mrs Kinder's handwriting), a num- ber of phials, powder flask and box of caps, one bullet, a tomahawk, single barrel pistol (secret trigger, and out of order) nipple screw, a diary, and a day-book, all obtained at Bertrand's reisidence, No.7, Wynyard-square. Henry Wager, resident clerk detective department, who arrested Mrs Kinder at her mother's house in Bathurst, found there and produced a letter signed Louis Bertrand, an envelope addressed to Bertrand, a note addressed to the manager of the City Bank, and a pistol (with trigger guard). George McKay, deposition clerk to the City Coroner, produced the depositions taken at the inquest on the body of Kinder, comprising the evidence of Mrs Kinder, Ber- trand, William Cooper, and Dr Eichler. (Depositions read.) A pistol was produced at the inquest and claimed by Bertrand as his property; it was something like the one now produced (the one with secret trigger), and it would go off at half-cock. Cross-examined: the verdict of the jury was that deceased died by his own hand. The following other witnesses were examined : Alfred Burne (Bertrand's assistant), Charles Lett (clerk in the Crown Solicitor's Office), Charles E Ranclaud (cashier in City Bank), Alexander Bellhouse (previously of the Tele- graph Department), Harriet Kerr (Bertrand's sister), Mary Agnes Robertson (an acquaintance of Bertrand), Sophia Taylor (nursegirl in Bertrand s famiy), Ann Brown (ser- vant to Kinder), Thomas Buchanan (who passed to the North Shore with Kinder on the day of the shooting), William F. Dind (hotel-keeper), Mrs Palmer (Mrs Ber- trand s mother), John Sharp (butcher), Joseph Myers (from whom pistols were obtained), George Buckley (boat owner), Charles Price (shopman at Giles and Co's Francis A Jackson (formerly squatter in New Zealand), Dr. Eichler, Mr. Watt, Dr. Wright, Dr. Alloway, and Dr. Alleyne. The following facts were elicited in evidence: - Henry Kinder, a native of London, thirty five years of age, had been married flve years, his family consisting of two children. Whilst in New Zealand, he was connected with the Union Bank and Bank of New Zealand. On leaving that country about two years ago he came to Sydney, and when the City Bank opened some twelve months afterwards, he was appointed chief teller in that establishment. Within about two months from this time Bertrand met with Mrs Kinder in his practice as a sur- geon dentist. A mutual regard led to further interviews, and Bertrand, having introduced his wife at Kinder's house, the families became on visiting terms. Not long after the commencement of this acquaintance Bertrand told his assistant Burne, of whom he seems to have made a sort of semi-confidant, that Mrs Kinder had taken a violent fancy to him, and already made allusion to an act of illicit intimacy with her. The communication by Bertrand had been maintained with the Kinders for about four months, when Francis Arthur Jackson, a squatter, who, in New Zealand, after her marriage, had been a party to Mrs, Kinder's incontinence, opportunities for which he obtained by stupifying the husband with drink, came to reside at Kinder's house, at the North Shore, where he renewed the same kind of intercourse. Here a few days after his arrival he came in contact with Bertrand, who in order to get him out of the way, determined to set Kinder against him. He, however, changed his tactics, and induced Jack- son to abide at his house in Wynyard-square. They had met in Mrs Kinder's presence at the North Shore, and at the request ot Bertrand she settled their rivalry by signifying her preference for Bertrand. Jackson and he then entered into a mutual explanation, in which each stated the peculiar relationship he had had with her. Mrs Kinder continuing her intimacy with Bertrand, visited his house, in one instance stayed there a week. In addition to some other correspondence forwarded by the hands of Burne, Bertrand sent her a letter containing a diamond ring, bringing back as an answer that she would come perhaps in the afternoon; and that day she carme whilst Bertrand was out. The intimacy became closer as weeks passed by; and he had now reconciled his wife to a divorce. Bertrand at length betrayed strong passion for Mrs Kinder, and expressed his intention to marry her, adding that it was a bad thing for him that his own wife was so virtuous that it gave him no way of getting rid of her. Jackson (to whom this was said at Bertrand s house) urged it as im- possible that he could marry Mrs Kinder, her husband being alive. Bertrand rejoined, "All things are possible, and time will show it, Kinder is rapidly killing himself with drink, and if that won't do it other things will." Mrs. Kinder also told Jackson that Bertrand wanted to marry her, but that it was out of the question. She said she feared him, he appeared to have a kind of mesmeric or controlling influence over her. Having so far succeeded in his scheme with regard to Jack- son as to detach him from Kinder's and got him into his own house, according to his own admission, Bertrand drugged him for the purpose of getting from him letters written to hin by Mrs Kinder. In the month of August, Bertrand, accompanied by Byrne, took a boat at midnight and went over to the North Shore, stating that he wished to get to Kinder's drawers, but when they arrived, having pointed to Kinder's bedroom, on the windows of whioh the moon was shining, he said the light was too strong, and he would have to come again some other night. About three days afterwards they went again at night, Bertrand, whilst they were crossing the water, telling Burne that very likely next morning Kinder would be found dead in his bed, having committed suicide, and letters from Jack- son be found in his hand. They arrived about 1 o'clock. Bertrand took off his boots and went into the house. When he rejoined Burne (who whilst he was away had falen asIeep) he said Kinder's beer which had been drugged was untouched, and that he was very restless in his sleep. Within seven or eight days, they made another midnight trip to the Noirh Shore. Bertrand this time took a hatchet and told Burne that he intended to knock out the brains of Kinder who had insulted him at the theatre. On this excursion he also informed Burne of his intention to get a divorce from his wife and to marry Mrs Kinder. In answer to a remark by Burne that it would be impossible to get a divorce from his wife unless he could got something against her, Bertrand said he would get some one and pay them until he got something against her. They reached Kinder's an hour after midnight, and Bertrand, taking off his shoes, again entered the house through the same window. As they were returning to the city, he told his companion that Llewellyn (Mrs Kinder's brother) and Jackson were again in the house, and he did not think it safe, especially as the boards creaked. A week more elapsed, when Ber- trand made preparations for another nocturnal expedition to Kinder's house. He induced Burne to buy him a dark red crimean shirt, because, as he said, it would not show the colour of blood, and desired him to "make him up" so that he could not be recognised. Before they started he shaved himaelf, put on a shell hat, the red crimean shirt, and wore a mask that half concealed his face. Taking off their boots before quitting the house in Wynyard-square, they passed out by the back door, put on their boots in a lane at the rear, and crossed the water at about half-past 1 o'clock. Having reached the North Shore Bertrand got inside Kinder's house and remained there about three-quarters of an hour, after which he came back to the wharf and told Burne that he did not like to go home without finishing what he had come to do, and requested Burne to accompany him to the house, go in with him, and if any thing happened to take his part and knock out the brains of anyone who inter- fered. Burne declined to run the risk, stating that it was too romantic for him, and Bertrand having proceeded to the house alone returned in about half an hour, said he had not "done it," and they pulled tho boat back to the city. Burne, although taking the precaution to carry the hatchet and keep Bertrand in front of him in the boat, regarded these excursions as a farce, knowing Bertrand to be very eccentric in his manner, fond of indulging in strange ca- prices, and telling extraordinary stories. He frequently boasted of his success with women, spoke of romantic ad- ventures in Brussels, of fighting a duel in Paris, and said that he was on the stage at Sadler's Weils, where he had an amour with the chief actress. He once took poison, and was very ill and one day he seized Mrs Kinder, calling her by tbe name of his wife (Jane), and tried to force her on the bed, and Burne, who interfered, he then attacked, tried to break his arm against the bed post, and knocked his head against the wall. On another occasion he attempted to split his wife's head open with a hatchet. One evening two or three weeks subsequent to the last boat trip, Bertrand, attired in female apparel, accompanied Burne to purchase pistols, Bertrand providing the morey for two. He cast some bullits , and the next day a sheep's head was procured, at which he practised pistol firing in his workroom, with the object, as he said, of ascertaining which part of the skull a bullet would most easily enter. Mrs Palmer (the mother of Mrs Bertrand) hearing what appeared to be the reports of pistol shots carne down stairs with her daughter, and looking into the workroom -the door of whiohb was opened to her daughter s knock -she saw much smoke and observed the sheep's head on a side table. He ordered her away, and she left the house. Burne was aware that Bertrand was too well acquainted with the anatomy of the head as not to know which part of the skull a bullet would soonest enter. About the end of Sep- tember, Jackson having obtained some money from Bertrand went away. Bertrand being led to believe that he was going to New Zealand via Melbourne. Before he went, Bertrand said to him, "You would not like to be impli- cated in a charge for the murder of Kinder," and told him he must not be surprised at any thing he might hear after he left. Jackson, instead of going to Melbourne, went to West Maitland. Kinder, who had been on leave of absence on account of ill health since the 23rd, was getting much better. He was at Sydney on the 2nd October, and returned in the middle of the day, quite sober. On the morning of that day Mrs Bertrand went over to Kinder's taking the baby and nursegirl. In the afternoon, earlier than usual (at half past 5), the nursegirl was sent back home with the baby. In the evening Bertrand was at Kinder's, and they went out to a neighbouring public-house (Dind s), but left after being there about ten minutes, having had only one glass of ale each. Immediately before tbey went there, Kinder was seen in good spirits playing with his children in front of the house. When they re- turned to the house, Bertrand walked up and down the room very fast, kept his gloves on, and had one hand in his pocket. He and Kinder began to talk about Kinder's busi- ness affairs, speaking of New Zealand and reading letters. Whilst Mrs Kinder and Mrs Bertrand were standing at the window arranging flowers in a bonnet, there was a loud report. Kinder was then sitting in a chair near the piano, a pistol dropped from his hand, and in his mouth Bertrand placed a pipe. That night, about 11 o clock, Dr Eichler (for whom a message had been left some hours previously) called to see Kinder, whom he found lying on a sofa in a half conscious state with a torn wound reaching from the maxillary angle up the right side of the head in the direction of the temple, about four inches in length, evidently caused by a pistol shot. There was no appearance of the entrance or exit of a bullet. The local arteries and nerves were torn and the zygoma was loose. When the serious nature of the wound was explained and Kinder was advised to settle his worldly affairs, and prepare to appear before his Creator, he sank back in a kind of stupor. As Dr. Eichler, after dressing and cleaning the wound, was returning to the city, Bertrand, whom he met at Kinder's house, accompanied him, and informed him that Kinder, who had been drinking, appeared to be in money difficulties, that the sight of some letters had much depressed him, and that he was jealous of Jackson, to whom he (Bertrand) had given some money to get him out of the way. Next morning, at his own house, Bertrand told Burne the news of Kinder shooting himself, and, stating the particulars, said he had gone out with him to have a drink, and that before getting back to the house had shown him a pistol, telling him that it was perfectly empty, although actually it was loaded. He placed a cap upon the nipple, and told Kinder to go into the rloom and frighten the ladies by pretending to shoot himself. He went in, continued Bertrand, and did so, and of course shot himself. None of the doctors, he added, thought the wound was inflicted by a bullet as none could be found. On the Monday evening Bertrand told Kinder's servant not to fetch Dr Ward as he would report it through the North Shore, and so Kinder would lose his situation. Kinder told this girl that he had struck himself a severe blow with a stick, but she thought she heard him say, when Mrs Kinder was present, that he did not do it. She saw Ber- trand trying to staunch the blood, and he said he would go for Dr. Wright. On Tuesday morning he was visited by Dr. Wright, who was sent for and told that Kinder had shot himself. He saw the wound, the direction of which he described as upwards and slightly backwards. On the 4th, M.r W. F. Dind, a neighbour, went to Kinder's to ascertain whether it was a fact that he had shot himself. Outside the met Bertrand, who informed him that it was true, and repeated the circumstance as to his pecuniary embarrassment. Whilst they were talking, Kinder in a low tone called " Bertrand," upon which Bertrand said the doctors would not allow any one to to see him, The same evening senior-constable Emerton, generally called " sergeant" in this district, having that day first heard of inder shooting himself, went to the house, where he saw Bertrand. He found Kinder in bed cosily smoking a pipe, and asked if he knew him. Kinder said "Are you the sergeant ?' and Emerton replying in the affirmative, Kinder added " What lies these people here are saying about me shooting myself, as I did not do it." He then commenced to pull the bandage off his face, and Emerton, whilst assisting Bertrand to replace it, asked who did it, but Kinder made no reply. On leaving the room Bertrand said Kinder always accused his wife of doing it, and that Mrs Kinder had the pistol, but was too ill in bed to be disturbed. As they were parting Bertrand remarked "I suppose you won't say anything about this till we see how it gets on. " Emerton replied "Cerftainly I shall I shall report it to-morrow. On the 5th Dr. Eichler again saw Kinder, found him considerably better, and perceived no indication of sudden danger to his life. He conversed with the doctor in German, and when asked how the wound happened said, "I dont know, ' or "I don't recollect. " The same day Bertrand whilst in his workshop took from his pocket a phial containing a white liquid which he said (speaking to Burne) -was poison that he intended to give to Kinder, stating, at the same time,that he had frequently before given him poison, but it had never taken effect. He asserted that Kinder stuck out to the last that he did not shoot himself, and said he must not leave him too long for anybody else to speak to. In the evening Mr. and Mrs. Bertrand were at the house of an acquaintance, named Mrs. Robertson, when Bertrand said he would go next day and say that he shot Kinder, Kinder died in the evening of the 6th, Friday, in the course of which day Bertrand and Mrs Kinder were seen laughing together in a cab that was proceeding towards the Haymarket. On the 7th a coroner's inquest was held on the remains, at which Bertrand, who was examined as a witness, said he saw Kinder place the pistol to the side of his head, that after the report the pistol fell from his hand, but the pipe he had been smoking remained in his mouth. He also stated that Kinder was jealous of his wife, but that for the last six months she had never given him cause for the unkind manner he had towards her. Mrs Kinder, who also gave evidence at the inquest, stated that the pistol produced Kinder bad alwavs kept locked up in a chest of drawers. Bertrand swore that it was his, that he gave it to Kinder, who the Friday previous asked for one in order to have some practice at bottles. The jury returned a verdict to the effect that deceased, whilst labouring under a fit of temporary insanity shot himself with a pistol loaded with powder. On the 10th, Jackson, who had read the report of the inquest, wrote from Maitland to Bertrand, saying, in a letter marked" private and confidential," " I am shocked, horrified, stunned at this donouement of your plans , I little thought when you told me not to be surprised at any thing after my departure that it would end in this * * If the jury had known one half that I could tell them, they would ring through the whole of the civilised world * * * As for the accomplice and accessory, I pity so much as blame her. * * * A few words of mine to a magistrate, or a hint to the police, would be sufficient to bring about a search into the affair, and cause you more trouble than you can conceive . * * * * I seem to be a sort of accessory by the fact of concealing what I know, and still more what I suspect. That feeling is growing stronger every hour, and will burst forth unless you give me the means to get to some other land, where I may forget the horrors of this, as I could not remain in a country where such a fearful tragedy was enacted. * On the receipt of this send me £20, and 1 will get away by the Tararua, never to return. * * I consider you two are now one in everything." For sending this letter, Jackson, who had offered to apologise, was soon after prosecuted by Bertrand and sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment. On the hearing of the case at the Court of Quarter Sessions, Mrs Kinder, who was a witness, swore that her husband had had no ground for jealousy of Bertrand. Mrs. Harriet Kerr, Bertrand's sister, who, on her arrival from Melbourne about the 20th October, went to reside at his house, immediately after heard from him of his attachment to, and intention to marry, Mrs Kinder, and soon discovered the unkindness with which he treated his wife. Bertrand, whilst Mrs Kinder was at his house, told Mrs Kerr, in her presence, that Kinder was sitting near the piano whilst the two ladies were at the window when he shot himself with one of a pair of pistols he (Bertrand) had bought in order that Kinder might fight a duel with Jackson. On or about the 21st of October Mrs. Kinder left Sydney for Bathurst, whence she kept up a correspondence with Bertrand, marked by occasional expressions of ardent regard for him, and denoting a reliance upon his future services to make provision for getting her employment. Before they parted he undertook to keep for her subsequent perusal a diary, the nature of which will be shown by the extracts: "October 25th. -She is gone -I am alone; oh, my God did I ever think or dream of such agony. I feel as if every kindly feeling had gone with her-I do so hate all mankind. * * * Ellen, dearest Ellon, I thank, I daro to thank God for the happiness of our last few moments. . * * Thou art all I possess both m this life and in the noxt. Do not rouse the demon that I know lies dormant within me. Beware how you trifle with my love * * * I am terrible in my ven- geance, for I call on the powers of hell to aid their master in his dire vengeance * * Do not fear me, love, I would not harm theo-not thy dear self, but only sweep away as with a scimitar my enemies, or tkose who step between thy love and me. Think kindly of me, of my great failings See what I bave done for theo-for my, for our love. Think of that, and then doubt me if you can . . . . I have thee, I know, but I crave my own darling to edi thee wife beforo God and man. * « . In the train I read this paragraph -' Francu Arthur Jackson, convicted of send- ing a threatening letter to Henry L Bertrand, with the mtont to extort money, sentenced to twelve months hard labour ia Parramatta gaoL' It -leased me, I «a Mtu t ed , thus onco more perish my enemies Ho is dispoied ot for tho present * * * * Jano told mo aftur oui quarrel about jour laughing at him in Court that whilst I was there, you laughed at huu ptnly If so j ou will bo his rum, for I hive not dono with him yet * » * (27lh ) 1 am vory unwell to day and suffer vorj much bodily pain * * . I am in a^onj, am doing no business, earning no monoy, and jet I icquiro so muoh * * * I am now, by my own agonies, pajingo debt to rotnbutivo justice How and what I havo mado others suffer God onlv knows, but if I have, I richly dtserv o ali I now feel and you, my lovo, have not j ou dono tho samo ? * * * Doarost Ellon, I havo been somotimes cruel, very apporontly cruol, but my own love, it whb requisite You of courso, could not se« that j ou were spoilt-spoilt by a heartless world VVhat did they caro for jour happinoss, for your future, all thoy did was to amuso themselves for the timo being, and so thoy ii ittered and painpored you, gavo you j our own way until you scorned and despised instead of respecting thoso who ought to uavo boen a guidanco to you It was thus I found j ou, and my own lovo dis covered ata glauco what was wanting I, under tho circum stanccB ot tho case, considered it my duty, as I loved you, to do all m nij power te destroy tho influence and evd acou niulated by years of neglect * * » You, my lsvo, aro, doubtless, niter jour arduous journey fast asleep Pleasant dreams to thee, my own love Dream of tho futuro, for in that do wo both look forward to ropont our sins and make peace with our God I am sure ho will help us to be good if wo try w ith all our heart, with all our strength * * * (28th) I know j ou would bo anxious to hoar from mo and that you w euld not bo contented with a cold ovoryday lottor such as j ou could show jour mamma _ bo, my lovo, I send v ou that half sheet for your own doar eyes to peruse * * * I am now alono with thy spirit 'lis l¿ o clock Thou art perhaps asleep, or thinking of your own doar, loving Louis-thinking of tho timo when wo shin meet to part only m death When will that timo armo' It approaches surely, but with slow steps-but it will como-bohovo mo it will como as you behovo thero is a God I have said it * * « (29th ) Oh' doar Ellon, what would hfo bo without thoo, or even tho hope of possessing theo , that alono is food for tho heart and mind I talk incessantly of thoo, I speak of thy gentle ways, of thy abilities, what thou canst do, what thy favourite aus, all, all that recalls thy dear namo has a charm for mo * * * (31st ) You novo many times doubted my love, * * * but as years roll on thou wilt see-for thoro is a veil before thine oyes-what stead- fast truo levo I have for theo, my hfo, when I have accomplished all I promised then, and only thon, you, my darling Ellen, will understand what I havo done for thoo, for our loves I look back at tho past, and am mysolf astonished at what I havo dared and successfully oxocuted Can you, will you say after that, that you have not faith in mo , that I am changeable, and could caro for others besides thee, darling . * * Oh' my own one, try to bo good-very good, to atone for thy past follies, for thoy wero naught else » » * But it is not too lato, no, if you pray to God with a truo repent- ant heart to help you, love, I am sure Ho will Oh, I daro not hft up my voice yet I fool that I daro not as yot ask His forgiveness So, Ellen, my dear wife, pray also for jour husband Supplicate our Saviour that Ho may soften my heart, and that ho will suffer mo to approach tho Throno of Grace I shall strive hard to bo a good man I want to bo good, for I feel that if I do not I shall booomo entirely enslaved to the Dovil-that soon thoro would bo no hopo for mo either now or hereafter * * * I speak a great deal of affairs to my Bister » * » Sho is favour- able to our divorce, and thinks that under all tho circum stances it is tho most kind thing I con do for Jano, and m fact for all concerned * * * (Novombor 2nd ) Harriot awoko mo this morning by plaomg a letter beforo my ovos * * . I felt by instinct, before I saw tho writing, that it was from my lovo * * » My dear Ellon commences to feel hew hard poverty is to bear. * * * * I havo my difficulties, ona I feel them tho moro that I require so much * * * Courage both of us What is our lovo if tho mero calamities of casual affairs upsot us thus I should feel ashamed of my lovo, of what I havo dono for it if it wero not different from that of othors, that is our only excuso on earth or m hoavon for w hat w o havo accomplished * * * Door one, how glad I am that you suffor as I do from our separation * * * (3rd) Received a rico letter from my dear Ellen * * » i ho doar girl almost asks mo te look after somo sort of a situation [for hor] noar or m Sydnoy * * * I will try hard to get something for her to do I trust I niaj succeed Oh, is it not hard that through mo mv sweet Ellon Is thus placed * « * Adieu my Ellen, dream my lovo that wo aro locked in oach others arniB once moro * * * (5th ) Slopt as usual, late Jano is very good, and trieste moko moas happy and comfortablo as sho can » * * "\v_ took Harriet, it being her first tup to Manly Bbach, to the Fairy Bow or wo went * * * I met on board tho steamer Mr Bellhouso, an old acquaintance of mino boforo marriage I asked him to como to tea to morrow, and spend the evonmg with us * * (8th ) Thank God another day gono What a woary timo How over will twolvo months pass? God only knows My heart grows sick and faint whon I look into the future Oh, God, ib this thy retribution for our sins Did I flatter mjsolf that tho Almighty would lot nie-a wretch liko me-go unpunished, but I tell theo fate I dofy thoo AVhat do I care for aught only that I am with my Ellon Oh, sweet angel, why ort thou not near to soothe my an- guish ? I do feel as if my hoart was rent in pieces Crushed, and thon dark thoughts obtrude themselves bo foio mo, fiends riso and mock mo, thoy point to a gato, a portal, through which I feel half inclined to go, but not yet * * * No matter what thou host been my child, I hold theo up as a truo virtuous w lfo to mo * * * (10 th) AY hilo dressing, Mr AVood (father of Mrs Kinder) came, he walked down with mo to tho North Shoro ferry. I felt very Btrango I went over in the Kirribilli It brought a crowd ot ideas, that I thought w ero buried for cv cr, back to my memory This is tho first timo I havo been to tho North Shoro since poor Harry's funeral I am standing on the deck, my face turned towards the little houso with tho two chimnoys, as I used to do w hen on wings of lovo 1 flow to the arms of my boloved Oh my heart Binks within mo when I rec di our happy meetings alone, and none by to interrupt us Thoso wore happy moments, but indeed alloyed with bitter thoughts How horribly jealous I was I was mad How could I bear to know that my Ellen, my own dear love, belonged to somo ano who had the legal right to do or say anything ho hkod with her It drove mo raving mad, and I am what I am I looked around me, and saw people corning and going as they used to do, and, racked by these thoughts, surely thoro can no worse hell than our own con- science * * * Mr Dofrios, whon I went out with him, spoko to mo about our affair He said he know more about us than wo imagined-that he had watched us all along, and that ho thought it his duty to speak to mo on tho subject What I imagino is this that either Mrs Robertson or Jano have hinted something to him of what they know 1 thought it best to hear what ho had to say, so that I might be on my guard Ho knows the truth of my lovo for doar Ellen, and also that she loves me , he also knows that I intend gettmg a divorce He begged of me almost on his knoes, to try and love my wifo Ho said that Ellen only cored for mo for what use she could put me to, and that she had said so openly-that he could tell me things that would astound me-sufficient to make mo give up Ellen altogether, and cover soo her again I listened attentively to all he had to say, and when ho had finished he said he felt for mo as if ho was my brother exhorted mc, if I oared for my happiness in this world, and my eternal welfare in the next, not to bo tempted by the Devil *. * (12th) Took a wutorman s boat over to North | Shore, and made for Defines' houso on foot, going through tho bush the road I wont through on ono occasion with my darling Ellen * * * I onco rnérjfanciod she, tho loved darhn g of my heart, was by my Eldo1* * . * Oh, God, what I suffer This love is torriblo, it will kill me * * * What excruciating agony intense bitterness of the past, all that I possess of brain, nerve, and soul is devoted to thiB ono object of my hfo When shall tho end arrive ? If need be I will sell my soul to Satan for theo, oh my dear one What is tho futuro to mo, or my salvation. I do not want it unless my Ellen share it with me * * * I glory m nurung both body and soul for tho idol I worship and adoro * * * Dear, sweet Ellen, the moro thoy opposo us, the more wdl bo my power of rosiitanco Poor fools, to try and thwart my will I tell theo thou hast need of God a help indocd, if thou hast mo for an enemy-I who valuo human lifo as I value weapons to bo used when required and then thrown away or destroyed, somo, ot course, being kopt fer future use, if necessarjj," ^_ ,". ,.... , ,,,, "". , --- ""TTfter s_oTêfT_èr£rahd also kopt upa oorrespondenco with Mrs Kinder, but only ono of his letters to her was found, and that written with a viow to its being seen by her mother contained nothing of interest Early one morning about the end of October Bertrand went into his suiter's bedroom and whilst she was dressing the baby, asked her to sit on the side of tho bed, as ho had something to say to her, and then ho told her that he shot Kinder She expressed her discredit of the statement, and when he repeated it emphatically, she hid her face and wept "Don't cry," he said, " I don't regret what I have done, I would do the samo to any man who stood in my way " He admitted that after shooting him, he put a pistol in his hand and a pipe in his mouth, and threw the pistol with which he was shot into the harbour They had planned it well, he added, "and if over it came before the public, it would not be behoved. He cautioned her not to let his wife know he had told her this, and in his presence the wifo never said anything about it In tho first week of November he invited to hl~ house a former acquaintance named Bellhouso, and when he came next day told him he was sorry for Kinder, but that he wanted nun out of the way. He also told him that he was going to get a divoree from his wife, and being a powerful mesmerist, he had great influence ever her One evening Mrs. Bertrand drank some brandy and water given to her by her husband, came out of tho room, and with Mrs Kerr retired to tho bedchamber they both usually occupied. When she entered tho room she aank into a chair quite exhausted, and, to the astonishment of her companion, immediately foil fast asleep Mrs Robertson, with whom the Bertrands were on visiting terms, was also told by Bertrand that he shot Kinder, and on the evoning of the 16th of November he, with his wife and Mrs Kerr, were at Mrs Bobertson's house, where they remained all night. After Mrs Kerr had retired, and Mr and Mrs Bertrand had partaken of sapper, he took a small card from his portemonnaie, threw it on the table, and ordered his wife io take it np She hesitated and turned pale, but he instated upon her »Ung it, and afterwards said it was the card Kinder had ia hu hand when he waa shot. That evening, as they went into , the drawing-room, he was excited, calling for Ellen, for Jane, and for Alfred (his assistant). He cried out, " Bring »he mUk and Bax the poison. leay, EU«, yoapveitto him I say vou aro to givo it to bim. Don't wrm¿ jour hands, ho feels nothing now ' In tV dilling i loin of Bertrand'» house, ono evening, whilst Mr»' B rtrmd vis Ijuif, on a sofa ina slate molo like stupor J"»n nituril sleep, npaiu rcvcrlmg to hu propnscd union «"h ^lT Kinder, ho said to Mrs Kerr, " 1 don't wan* to Jeu!' J i u , lut if I cannot got a divorce, I shall got up an »Vltory last with simo rcspiclable married woiu*n and thui 3 no can suo mo for a divorce" That Mrs Kin lu was a ban woman bo said he knew , but it was beeiusoshj was wic-lted l bat ho must marr j her , he would muk j hi» a f milo poi sonir-she was a second Lucretia Pausing a little, uni lesiung over his Bister, ho hissed through hw teotb, Kinder did not d10 bj tbo shot-wo poisoned him Sho (pointing to his wife, who still lij on tho sofi) mixed the poison " Ho sud it would nevor bo dotoetod 1 requeutly bo talked about seeing (ho ghost of Kinder, aud when ho Baw jam on the table ho mado somo allusion to bl >od It was n it unlikely ho also s iid th it beforo Mrs Kinder went to Brisbane (as sho was then abi ut to do) she would seo his wito'B funeral Whilst at the houso of Mr Defnes, North Shore, one ovoning, he acted m a most oxtiaordmary n anner, threatened to rano tho ghost of Kinder, pictcnded to bo tho devil, and put on hideous grimaces, and mado homblo noises When ho git back homo that nifcht, ho went out with Mrs Robortson's Iighorn hat on to got a lobster Ho professed to have groat mesmeric pow or, and said Mrs Kinder was the boatmonium bo ovor know Another strango statement he made was that a dead man was in tho houso, and that was tho reason thero wero so many flies about Often ho throatonod to murder his wnfe, and to say that Mrs Kerr did it Sinco Kinder s death, Mrs Robertson was a frequent vmtor at Bcrtrand's houso and ho at her s On seveial occasions when, late in tho evenings, ho accotnpau ed Mrs Rubel tBon to her houso, ho alluded to hu shooting Kindor, and also told her that it had been Mrs Kinder's wish that Kinder should bo shot whilst Jackson was in the houso, so that ho might be blamed for it Sho ot longth became terrified by his recitals of the circumstances, and dulikod to hear them paving voluntarily mado her cognisant of tho crime, ho admittediho thon threatened to kill her On this ground, and being afraid of him, eho sought the pro- tection of tho authorities, who, in defiult of his finding sureties to koop the peace, committed htm to four- teen days' imprisonment, which Beni once ho waa serving when tho chargo of murder was brought against h m The body was exhumed ot tho beginning of December (two months after death), and examined by Dr Eichler, Dr Alloway, and Dr Alleyne Besides the injuries discovered by Dr Eichler boforo the inquest it was found that the ascending pertion of tho lower jawbono was broken Dr. Alloway was of opinion that this must havo boen produced by a bullet, or by somo other hard substanco The direction of the wound too ho held to bo from behind forward and from below upward, thus again diffonng from Dr Eichler, who asserted tho direction to bo from the maxillary anglo up towardB the templo Again Dr Eichler was »f opinion that gunpowder and wadding, or paper fired from a pistel close to tho face, would bo sufficient to causo tho wound, whilet Dr Alloway hold that tho maxillary bono could not have been so injured without the uso of a bullet or somo hard substanco Dr Alleyne, though less decided in this view, substantially agreed with Dr Alloway in hia con elusions Dr Eichler still retained tho impression that I Kinder inflicted the wound upon himself, but so far joinod in the conclusions of Dr Alloway and Dr Alleyne as to admit tho possibility of the shot being fired by somo ono else, and also as to tho possible uso of a bullot Dr Alloway, however, niiuntained that the position must havo been a most extraordinary one if Kinder inflicted tho wound himself That tho wound was ono that might or might not cause death, and that the patient b condition on the 5th Octobor (as stated in evi- dence) indicated a probable recovery, was conourrod in by all threo of theso professional gentlemen Dr Licklcr could not assign onj visiblo causo or matter of f ict to which ho could attribute death on the Cth, and Dr Alloway would not havo expected death on that day aftor tho favourable ohango said to havo been exhibited the day beforo Mr Watt, the analjtical chemist, who carefully oxauunod the contents of tho stomach after exhumation, discovered no poison, but said, however, that it was not inconsistent with the result of Ins analj sib that death, which occurred two months previously, should bo caused by po son of an organic nature, vegetable poisons being very rapidly decom- posed m tho Btomach > Mr Dalley addressed tho jury for tho dofenco, pointing out %n himno the moro than ordinary necessity in tho prosent caso for the jury to divest their minds of all prejudices, however loathsome or foul might bo the improsBions from circumstances bo atrocious and revolting as thoBe elicited ia ovidence, and to givo a solemn, calm, nay religious con- sideration to what had boen brought before thom Thoro w as this peculiarity in tho case, that prisoner was tried on his own admissions T ho theory of tho orosecution was that prisoner, having been insanely impassioned of Kindor s wifo, dotormmed to possess hor, oven at tho cost of the bus band's lifo, but seeing that without this sacrifice ho had possessed tito woman, the basis of tho theory was utterly struck away Proceeding to analyse tho evidonco, ho re- ferred to tho extraordinary but unreliable and uncorro- borated testimony of Burno If pnsonor dosirad the destruction of Kinder it was highly improbable that, with his knowledge of subtle and deadly poisons, ho would have gone through this filthy, vilo melodramatic Erocess of accomplishing tho murder This winess must ave had hu facts from tho wretched molodrama ho was m tho habit ot performing, not from actual life If it bo truo, prisoner must havo in his lifocarnod on an extravagant career, only ni keeping with the most sciofulous ef i rench novels Bul when ho heard all this gasconading about pris,. °r'a amours and adventures, ho himself treated it as more trash, unworthy of crcdonce It was not contendod that prisoner was insane, it he perpetrated tho crime ho had no such insanity as would exonerate him from tho oporation of tho law, but ho waa sufficiently insano to rehovo him from any significance bung attached to the oxtravagant statements he so frequently mado Tho suter s testimony showed that he was capable of ljmg assumptions of power supernatural and physical, thut only tho wildest maniac would pretend to exercise After some remarks on tho general character of self accusing ovidonce, the loarned counsel urged that as so many men of position and previous reputation liad invoke, the tribunals oy the publication of pretended crimes, some consideration might bo reasonably allowed the miserable utterances of a wreteh proved to bo a liar-a man to whoso declarations of hu own cn minah tj a witness, who had known bim for years, ¡attacked not tho least importance Without attempting to damago tho ero dibihty of Jackson's ovidence, ho pointed out that tho action taken by Bertrand on tho receipt of the potter ho sent was anything but that of a man conscious of guilt, he might, if a murderer, have quietly taken tho apology offered, but ho choso by prosecution to go into the midst of the police and accept the investigation of a court of law In the madly wild gesticulations assumed by tho prisoner to terrify women, thero might havo been this idea-I am not fnscinating, nor nch, nor famous, but I will undermine their chastity with ingenuity and power by terrifying them into acquiescence, by convincing thom that I am a devil in infamy and agosoy Ho was not a murderer, murderers wore mado of sterner stuff Thoy did ii< t babblo of their crimes , tho chanwtcrutio of such crimináis was secrecy and stealth, not blabbing of tho blood thoy bad shod If the jury behoved tho tales ho fold of the murder, how would thoy determino the mode in which it was accomplished? Ho stated that Kinder shot himself, next that ho put the pistol trcacherouslT in Kinder's hand, that ho feiinsolf shet Kinder, and again that he poisoned him. Iho diary would shew the extraordinary naturo of this mans mind, how utterly worthless wore hu declarations-and how all truth-speaking bad gone from him Thoro was on irresistible argument m the absence of Mrs Kinder s testimony in thu investigation That diaiy was written for her eyes'alone, in that ne poured out his nature, it waa a revelation of his soul He would abandon hu wife, did not caro for hu children, thu adulteress being all that he de- sired But it was impossiblo thore was a bond of Jove be- tween them, for if the theory of tho prosecution bo true, the bond was one sf fear of impending justice The case might be stripped of any consideration with regard to the pistols purchased by Burno Tho pistol by which the injuries were inflicted was undoubtedly that produced at the inquest, and which it was admitted was that prisoner gave to Kinder Another point, if lookod at calmly^and dispassionately, would justify any jury in pronouncing a verdict of not guilty. If botweon tho time Kinder received the wound and tho timo of hu death any human being went into the house, and Kinder being sane did not say that he was shot by Bortrand or eomo one else, the case far the Crown muet fall to the ground He must have known whether ho was ehot or not and he had several opportunities of making it known If prisoner had deter- mined to murder this man, ho would have let him bleed to death, but ho did all a non professional man could do to preserve bio Tho learned counsel lastly dealt with the medical evidence as to tho wound, to which ho contended little importance could bo attached, not only on account of its indecision but as it admitted the equal possibility of the wound being inflicted by deceased or by anyone else There was no proof that he died of poison, Tho learned counsel concluded hu address by oxhorting the jury to weigh well tho matters he had submitted, to listen with attentiveness to the charge from tho Bonch, and ex- pressed hu conviction that thoy would satisfy their con- sciences, and by then- verdict do justioo to society Mr. Butler tobo to reply, whon the counsel for the defence objected, on the ground of a decision by tbo Supremo Court, that counsel prosecuting for the Crown without a commission wasnot entitled to a reply In compliance with a suggestion by hu Honor, who wa« m doubt on tho point, the counsel for the Crown consented to waive his right of reply The jury, being consulted on the subject, preferred to take his Honor's chargo to-morrow (Friday) morning. The Court adjourned until 9 o'clock to morrow morning. 