LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. THE BUNGAREE KOAD BOARD ELECTION. Sik,-Being a constant reader of your paper, I j find that one of your correspondents has lately been indulging in the marvellous and imaginary. Your Warrenbeip. correspondent has attained 110 small notoriety on this ccorc in his own neighborhood, what with ghost Blories opossum hunt?, election prattle, aud many other abusing eccentricities, too nUD3eron3 to mention. 1 hare no fault to find with your correspondent pleasing the fancies of his rumi nating mind by giving his own story in his own way, Mid gaining ituoiher laurel to add to the many he haa received. He can bind tlicm around his brow, Or keep them instcre for the amusement of hi3 friends when in good humor. The result maybe imagined; it ?would be a dangerous task to describe. I would remind your Warrenbeip correspondent that for the future he must learn to report the truth, ' and mark the difference between withholding what is true and statin;; what is lalse. I will pars over the llret portion of his remarks about the meeiiiig of the Bungaree Road Uaard held last week and much to the-m the importance they deserve. His remarks about the work cut out for . the engineer is untrue and manifestly absurd. Ho says the engineer had a month's work yiven him. and three months' work 0:1 hand, all to be reported on at next meeting. Uy-tbc-by, this is the ipse dixit of the Worrenhtip correspondent. I will pass on to bis sapient remarks about myself, which show a wonderful love of si'iy prattle. The nest com plaint your correspot'.deni has to make personally against me is the disappointment ho mot with iu not hearing the serious charges made by himself through the' press, refuted, liii alarm, my denial iu io-io, a&touisknieui; at how the matter became published, &c.; I must again correct your correspondent, aud asik him to tax his memory again on the subject; I told him there was no motion on the Eubject iu the minute-book, X know well how it wan published, and 80 does your own reporter, and other members of the board-it is no secret. I consider my letter of the 2Gth September sufficient answer to your Warrenbeip correspondent, lie had no right to mako charges against me unless hu could prove them. Bad your own regular reporter been present I might have said something oa the cubjjet; in his absence I declined to gratify the silly gossiping epirit of the Warrenbeip correspondent who has got himself into a ditty puddle by hia own act. II ho has a particle oi' truth left iu him, he will remember that, to please his curiosity, 1. ollered to iet him have the list of tho.'c who voted at the polling booth over Which 1 had charge, as kept by the poll-clerk. X also referred him to the scrutiueers present ou tlis occasion, and gaYe him the names of tho^o who were refused bal.ot papers. I am willing that my action at the late election be submitted to legal opinion, uot to the opinion of your Warreuheip correspondent Tho serious charges he talks about are ipic dixit ou liis own part. 1 am not thiu-el:inned, aud when in the wrong about auy action X may l:.o called upon to take about our local affairs, I will bear the s rietures of your correspnude:it, and attach to them the im portance they de:-ervo. Iu conclusion, 1 would most respectfully inform your correspondent that, in try ing to please everybody, he may fiud himself with a donkey on his baei;; and a luturo correspondent might report the funny story to the amusement of come of tho funny people about Warreuheip. Yours, &c;" JOHN DROSIHOHD. Green Hill, Sth October. 