LITERARY GOSSIP. (FROM OUR LONDON CORRESPONDENT.) OCTOBER, 1865 " BLACKWOOD" gives us a large instal- ment of the "Memoirs of the Confederate War for Independence," by Heros Von Borcke, chief of staff to General J. E. B. Stuart—written in a calm, soldierly style, without any apparent exaggeration or ex- cessive political bias. " Miss Marjoribanks" still has strong convictions of her duty to her friends and to her position in society. " Giacomo Leopardi'' forms the subject of a biographical sketch, in which are incor- porated translations from his poems and prose writings. He is an Italian, " born to struggle with pain and suffering, and condemned to a forced renunciation of everything that in the world is called hap- piness." "Profound unalterable melan- choly breathes out of everything Leopardi has ever written." Still there is a pensive beauty in his productions. In a second paper on " Switzerland in Summer and Autumn,"' the writer dilates on the com- fort of Swiss hotels and the invigorating influence of Alpine air. The latter is dis- cussed in quite a medical strain, and the remarks would doubtless be applicable to other elevated positions. The traveller thinks that the natives are not an interest- ing people, but he had an interesting rencontre with some of them. He de- scribes it thus :-On starting from Visp up the valley for Zermatt, on a Sunday morn- ing, there were certain bunches of grapes which hung over the wall into the path in such a provoking manner as to call for and receive instant punishment. Having a presentiment that something would arise from this hurried but refreshing repast, I questioned my guide on the subject, but he earnestly declared it was the custom of the country to pluck and eat overhanging grapes. Fortunately I had just thrown away the last skin, when, Marti being some way behind, on turning a corner I suddenly found the path blockaded by six little men, of an appearance that made them oddities even among the odd inhabitants of the Valley of the Visp. They were the most extraordi- nary little goblin-men possible, yvith big hafs and big heads, and big black brass-buttoned coats, yvith enormous collars to their coats, looking for all tho world as if they had just stepped out of tlio canvas of some painter of the middle ages. They stopped the way, and immediately and violently accused mc of having plucked and eaten grapes. The sixth and littlest man of all, yvho bore a singular resemblance to a yvell known Edinburgh preacher, and who had cautiously placed himself behind the other five little men,-yvas evidently the ringleader and wire- puller, the soul and genius of the conspiracy. Working his elbows as if they were sending on a telegraphic message through his fingers into the backs of his companions, he whis 2>ei'C(l out "Trauben!" "'rauben," and immediately the live other little men violently shouted out " Tiauben !" " 'rauben!" " Unsere Trauben" (our grapes) whispered the master genius, and imme- diately the others gave voico to the lie. " Ein franc," suggested he, and immediately the five other goblin- men loudly demanded a franc. " Excuse me, meine Herren," I replied, using strategy against numbers, " but I do not quito understand your dia- lect. My guide, who is coming up behind, knows it well ; you had better settle the mutter with him " On this, the sixth little mau uttered a prolonged " So !" which was echoed by the rest, and taking advantage of a moment of hesitation, I passed, through and sauntered slowly on. Perhaps he thought that the guide would have no in- terest in resisting the demand ; but I knew something yvhich the little man did not I and could not know. Marti, who was | Drove as a lion as tar as men yvere con- cerned, never could resist being swindled by women. Now, he had just been over- charged one franc for his night's entertain- ment hy a very powerful middle-aged female, yvho not only overcharged him, but compelled him to shako hands yvith her as he was leaving. It was not till well out of her hearing that he ventured to express his feelings ou the subject, and I was cer- tain it yvas so rankling in his miiid that a questionable male demand for a franc would rouse all his wrath. The first intimation I received ol' an attempt to arrest his pro- gress was a tremendous war shout, and on looking back I sayv Marti yvith his battle axe-that is to say, his ice-hatchet-hi his hand, and his yellow hair streaming he bind, striding through the six little men, like William Tell or Arnold von Winkelried in a Swiss engraving. He yvas quite white with rage, not fear, when he got up to me, and for some time I could get nothing out of him, except furious ex- clamations of "Ein franc!" "Diebe! strasserauber !" (thieves ! robbers !) It yvas well the six little men did not folloyv, for Marti yvas in such a state of towering indignation at their unprincipled conduct, that he would have thought nothing of pitching them into the Visp below, or of splitting their big heads with his hatchet. Looking back, I saw them all standing against the sky, with the elboyvs of the sixth and littlest man of all working franti- cally in vain attempts to get them to pur- sue, while the five other little men seemed to be reviling bim for the' immense, the incalculable, the fatal error lie committed in letting me pass,-Mr. O'Neil, A.R.A., who accompanied the Great Eastern as an artist, gives an . interesting narrative of " The laying of the Atlantic cable" from his point of view. He says with regard to the future that " there is every reason to in- dulge in the most sanguine expectations." In Macmillan, Professor Bain reviews " Grote's Plato"-" the Affirmative, or Ex- position, Dialogues"-analysing the Greek philosophy of doctrines, and passing a high encomium on the historian, The writer on " A Neglected Art points out that more personal attention to, and employment in, domestic affairs by wives, yvould correct many of the evils noyv resulting from the en- deavor to keep up appearances on a limited income. The paper is yvell and conclusively yyrittcn. Henry Kingsley, in his pictorial style, describes the distressing adventures of " Eyre, the South Australian Explorer." The present paper is only an instalment bringing the incidents down to poor Baxter's death. The writer of "Essays at Odd Times" comes forward again to discourse about " A Little Child" and " Modern Preaching.'-' The first essay is in a pen sive strain, for the "little child" was sleeping its last sleep. The second is a fiim denunciation of the modern demand for oiutory in the pulpit as utterly unrea- sonable. Professor Fraser, of Edinburgh, contributes a paper on " Tho Literaiy Life of Isaac Taylor," in which, his principal yvoiks are desciibed and scanned. " On the Rhine" and " The Matterhorn Sacrifice" aie little poems. In the latter the daring displayed in climbing such dangerous posi- tions is quietly rebuked To do yihat nono Boforo had dono Thoy braved tho lco-flold's trackless'tt ay ; Tlicy courted Fame, Thoy sought a nnmo j The bubble burst-and whoro aro thoy ? * . # * t Wo mourn tho yvaato Of fhoir rich past LOTO, talents, looming, power, ond worth Tho min mourn Of hopos uptorn, And plighted service on God's earth. " Cradock Nowell " and " The Dove in tho Eagle's Nest" fill up au uuusttally good number. 'Die Fortnightly Review maintains its superior position among the periodicals. The new number presents great diversity of topic-ten articles, judicious in length as yvell as excellent in style. The first, on The Bibliography of Tennyson," is a beautiful resume of the poet's woiks, com paiing the later with the earlier, especially yvheic later editions of the same poem have presented differences from eailier editions. We thus get at what the poet himself thinks an improvement of thought, or figure, or expression. " Tho Miller's Daughter" is an excellent instance of judi- cious remodelling-there is a ytonderful leap for the better : 1833.-Hoyv dear to mc in youth, my IOTO, Was every thing about the mill s The block mid silent pool above, Tho pool beneath that ne'er Btootl still. 1842.-I loved the brimming yvayo that syvain Thro* quiot meadows round tho mill ; The sleepy pool above tho dam i. The pool beneath it, never still. Or again, afterwards :- t 1833.-('Ttvas April then) T carao and lay Beneath those gummy chestnut buds, That glistened in tho April blue. 1812.-('Tyvns April then) I caine and eat Beloyv tbo chestnuts, whon their buds "Wore glistouing to tho breezy bluo. " Breezy blue," though an afterthought, describes au April day almost by inspira- tion. Nothing can be truer to nature than the suppressed " gummy chestnut buds," but the word is ugly, and yvould offend weak-stomached Tennysonian brethren. Here is a pretty suppressed verse : Oh ! that I ytoro tlio wreath sho wrcathos, Tho mirror ytherc her Bight she feeds, The soug she sings, tho air she brcathos, The letters of tho book sho reads. And these still more exquisite stanzas : I heard yon ythispcr from above A lute-toned ytliispcr, " I am hero ;" I murmured, " Speak nguiu, inj love, Tho stream is loud : 1 cannot hear." I heard, ¡is I have seemed to hear When all the under air ytas still, The loyv voico of tlio glad now year Call lo tho freshly-flowered lull. I heard, as I have often hcaul, Tho night mgale in leafy yyoods, Call to its mate, yvhbu nothing stirred To left or right but fulling floods. Anthony Trollope contributes two papers, one on " Public Schools," and a continua- tion of his talc, " The Belton Estate." " The Calcutta Cyclone of 1864 '' is de- scribed by Mr. Jennings. Theio arc other papers on "Agricultural Statistics," "Electoral'llefoim," "Fishing in Nor way," " The Bishops and Clerical Subscrip- tion," " Social Amusements under the Bestoration, pait 3," "Apollonius of Tyana," and Notes on "Public Affairs'' and " New Books." Frivolity in high quarters is clearly shown in the paper on "Social Amusements." "Hunt the Slip- per "-the French Chasse la Savaie-yvas one of the most popular amusements of the Court people, who also included in their round of pastimes Blindman's Buff and Hot Cockies. Blindman's Buff was long before knoyvn in England under the name of IIoodman-Blind, and was so called because the person blinded had his head covered yvith a hood. Hot Cockies yvas knoyvn in France in the 14th century, under the name oiQuifery?-yyho struck? In this game one of the party kneels down with his face on the lap of another, holding one .hand stretched out behind him, yvliicli is struck in turn hy all the players, half the fun con- sisting in the'severity of the bloyv. Battle door and shuttlecock yvas played by all classes. PUNCH.-A new name for the toothache ; Grindorpest. Menial Abstraction.-Steal- ing the ideas of others and fancying theni your own. Early Piety.-Matilda Jane (catching the parson after Sunday-school) : " Oh, sir, please yvhat would you charge to christen my doll ?" The British Association.-Next day there was a large gathering to hear some- thing about cannibalism. Professor Rawlin- son gave us to understand that he shouldn't like to be a cannibal. He didn't know any cannibals personally. (I had a joke about being acquainted yvith an Eton boy, but couldn't get it ready in time.) Mr. Craufurd said that there had been Scotch eannibals, and Irish cannibals. He insisted that cannibalism was merely a matter of taste. For his part- Mr*. Blanks asked yvliy the subject had not been stuck to ? The President observed that it had been stuck to. Mi'. Dash, F.K.S., said he had not heard any one define cannibalism. (I hate Da<-h !) Dr. Camps replied, that if Mr. Dash had only listened, instead of try- ing to make Professor Kenneth M'Kenzic laugh, by playing Punch mid Judy dolls yvith his pocket handkerchief, he would have heard something very much to his advan- tage. I rose, and commenced my mathe- matical paper. The President said it hadn't much to do with cannibalism. I explained that that was the fun of it. The President said I couldn't read it. I said I could. In deference, however, to his wishes I would begin my " Physics."' Here I pro- duced a bottle, labelled. The President explained that the bitting was over, and that my papers yvould bo " taken." I protested' against their being taken, and proposed that yve should play at cannibals. The meeting hastily adjourned. Not a doubt of it. We often hear people debating on the origin of croquet, and wondering hy whom and where the game was first intro- duced. As to the locality, we have no means of forming an accurate idea, but we think the frogs yvero certainly among the first to croak-eh ? Quite the Worst Thing yet.—Why is the Atlantic Cable like a railroad across a valley ? Because it is a wire-ducked. The Re-united States.—Col. North (to Col. South): "Wal, brother, guess we could'nt both win; so let's shake hands, and jist liquor up. Pedantry of the Press.—"Writers delight in calling the murrain "the rinderpest." Why don't they call it simply " the cattle- lepsy ?" Cure for the Cattle Plague.-It is possible that the disease yvhich is now carrying off the cattle might have been arrested if the bull had in the first been taken by the horns. Young but Artful.-Frank: "I say, Arthur, I wish you'd go and kiss my sister ! There she is" Arthur : " All right-what for?" Frank: " Why, because then I could kiss yours." Friends in Council.-Toni (to Jack, yvho has'come in' to a nice little estate in Surrey, whereunto he intends retiring and rusticating): "You'll keep coyvs,I suppose, and all that sort of thing ?" Jack: " Oh, no, can't bear milk" Tom : " Cocks and hens, theu ?" Jack : No, hate eggs and puddings and all that !" Tom : " Nor yet sheep ?" Jack : " Eh, ah ! oh, yes ! I'll have u sheep. I'm vewy fond of kidneys for bweakfast !" Buoy ant Inscription forlhe Atlantic Cable. -To be loft till culled for. A Shabby Relation.-Uncle : " George, here's a beautiful chromo-lithograph I've just bought. Very cheap I got it. Noyv, I want your advice where to hang it. I yvas thinking- George (disgusted) : A chromo! Well, of all the beastly-Look here, uncle ! I should take the opportunity yvlien the cook yvas in a good humor and ask her, as a great favor, to find a place for it behind the back kitchen door !" (Fact is-George thinks Iris rich relative had much better spend his money in original pictures, and in those of one talented young painter in particular. The Quarterly Review has admirable papers onthe "State and Prospects of Italy," The Education of the Blind," " The Gallican Church," and " The llussiaus in Central Asia." The first gives clear and succinct information to all yvho wish to know what Italy, as at present constituted, really is-what are its resources, capabili- ties, and prospucts ; and more especially yvhat has been done,'is doing, and may be done to raise it to that economical and political consideration to which it naturally aspires. On trade the following remarks are made :-" The increase of the trade has been very marked since the formation of the kingdom. The commercial revival bas been most conspicuous in Genoa, Sieity, and Naples. The trade of Genoa has far outstripped the capacity of the port for its accommodation, and has rendel ed necessary u largo extension of its ¡ñers and wharves, and the removal of the naval arsenal to La Spezzia. An imyvoiited activity pervades other cities. Naples has become a hive oí animated industry. The old, decayed towns of the Adriatic have awakened from the sleep of centuries, and are feeling the pulsations of a new commercial life. The trade of Italy, however, in proportion to its extent ajid population, is the smallest in Europe?' But the impulse given to the coasting trade has been very great, and the ycssels employed in it being chiefly native it must be regarded as a proof of a greatly increased intercourse betyveen the different provinces -? a very favorable omen of their permanent union." On intercommuni- cation, it is said that " the progress which the construction of railways has already made is surprising. Italian engineers are driving the locomotive through the deepest recesses of the Apennines, and it is but during the present year that a line was completed' from Bologna to Pistoia and Florence, after having threaded the denies of Central Italy. The tunnel under Mont Cenis, a work yvhich will bo one of the greatest engineer- ing triumphs of the nineteenth century, is steadily and sloyvly progressing, and in the meantime a railway over the Alps is in contemplation, the successful construction of which will effect a total change in the communications of mountainous districts. The projected line is intended to fill the bleak yvhich exists in the railroads between Prance and Italy for forty-seven miles, and a short experimental line has been con- structed between Lanslebourg and the sum- mit of Mont Cenis, upon which engines have been running with very heavy loads yvith perfect success, and the ascent lias been accomplished in eight minutes and a half. The principle which has been adopted in engineering traction is the source of this lcniarkable success. By a system of horizontal driving wheels acting upon a middle rail, gradients of one in twelve can be overcome, while those of one in twenty five or one in thirty have hitherto only been considered practical. The cost of a permanent independent summit line, with a yvider gauge, has been estimated not to ex- ceed one-fourth of the cost of the tunnel. When this undertaking is completed tlie journey over the Alps yvill be effected in littlo more than four instead of nine hours ; and although the tunnel will probably supersede the mountain railway for travelling, the latter will be an important addition to the facili- ties for commercial traffic between Italy and the north of Europe."' The' writer of the article 'on " The Gallican Church" praises three works recommended in my previous letters " Under the Ban," " The Nun," and " The Jesuit,"-yvritten by a distinguished French Abbe, who mixes yvith the religious and literary society of Paris, and whom the Jesuits would gladly interdict. The re- viewer syeaks of the Gallican church as " more and more alienated from all the commanding portions of the nation ; more and more leaning upon the immediate physical support of the Imperial Govern- ment (yvhich, hoyvever, is now markedly averse to ,her Ultramontane tendencies) ; and secondly, upon Borne, which is carrying on daily her favorite yvork of denationalising the vassal communion ; becoming more and more a mere parasite o( the Papacy-that Papacy itself, to all appearance, in the spasms which, whilst they lend it for the moment a preternatural and shocking strength, show like the surest tokens and the most immediate forerunners of ii coining dissolution," .What is jto be the end? "One conclusion seems inevitable, that those amongst ourselves yvho are lured away from their fathers'" church by the boasted profession that they will thus leave discord for unity, arc the victims of the very shalloyvest of impositions." The paper on " The Bussions in Central Asia" describes the aggressions and extensions on their side and our», and discusses the diplo- matic policy that has been pursued. The writer gives his opinion. on the presene duty of England, and says :-" It is to bt hoped that-wc shall not prematurely take alarm ; at present there is no pressing danger, no cause for unusual precautions ; but the time may come when it will be our duty to remember that outworks are as ne- cessary to the defence of empires as of fortresses, 'and that in this view Herat and Caudahar are the Malakoff and Mamelon of our position in the East." Other papers are on " English Cathedrals, The Mariners' Compass, Poetry of Praed and Lord Houghton, Field Sports of the Ancients." The Edinburgh Review praises highly "Extracts from the Journals and"Corres- pondence of Miss Berry, from the year 1783 to 1852," edited by Lady Theresa Levis, in 3 vols. The story of a life spent in the most recherchésoáety, during seventy years of eventful history, is well drawn out and told yvith taste and foiling. A paper on " Life in the Criminal Class " describes the grades of vice and the agency for reformation, finding great fault with the lightness of tho present punishment of penal servitude and yvith the operation of tickets of leave and discharges. The writer of au interesting article on the " Rock-cut Temples of India"-at Auruu gabad, Doyvlatabad, and Ellora,-recom- mends a visit to these monuments of antiquity as a pleasant winter excursion. ' We desire," says he, " to see such tours more frequently attempted by our in- telligent countrymen and women, because yve yrish them to sec and judge of average specimens of the Indian population for themselves; and tlmtwliat has been effected by a British GoA'crnment already, what is in progress, and yvhat remains tthbo done the way of improvement, educa- tion, and other civilising influences -may be understood. They would see an intelligent, industrious, and, in spite of incomprehensible idolatry and superstition, an amiable people. They yvould sec good husbandry and a fertile country, and thoy yvould return yvith a conviction that the Mahrattas and Mnhom medans yvho live there are a reasonably civilised people : descendants of men yvho, even before the ages of European antiquity, bad executed yvorks of masterly skill, and yvho professed a religion AA'hich has exer- cised a prodigious influence over vast num- bers of mankind.'' " Campbell's Frost and Fire" is severely criticised. Full of in- teresting facts and suggestions, it is said nevertheless to bo too crude and undigested. "Palgravc's Arabia" is commended, and is presented in outline. " The Cronvwellian Settlement of Ireland" is the topic of a short paper giving an account of that set- tlement, and pointing out the reasons for its failure. It thus concludes :-" The prompt and complete success of the vigorous measures taken by the Government in the course of this autumn, to expose and crush the Fenian Association, has earned for Lord Wodehouse the respect and gratitude of all the educated classes in Ireland, and of the clergy of all dénominations. Perhaps it is the first time that measures of repression taken by the Government have been heartily supported hy the Irish nation'. We hope this will be last of these obsolete and abortive attempts at revolution, and that tho ardent and patriotic youth of Ireland yvill learn that thoy have nothing to gain from secret societies or foreign intrigues, but that the future yvelfare of their country depends on a steady adherence to a liberal policy hi obedience to the laws of the United Kingdom.*' Sir Thomas Wyse's yvork, emitted "An Excur- sion in the Peloponnesus in the Year 1858," is favorably noticed as praiseworthy and satisfactory, and very pleasantly written. It forms the basis of an article on the present condition of Greece, and contains this passage-"There lias, undoubtedly, grown up in England of late years an ex- aggerated and unfair impression Avith regard to the condition and prospects of Greece ; an impression perhaps purposely promoted by those of our statesmen AA'ho are endeavoring to prop up the tottering fabric of Turkish despotism, but Avhieh is in great measure the result of disappoint- ment. By a natural revulsion of feeling, the ardent Philhellenism of thirty years since has given place to a pettish discontent Avith the people AVC havo helped to free. Undoubtedly tho result has not corres- ponded with our sanguine expectations.' The Greeks have not " gono ahead" as Englishmen or Americans yvould have done under the circumstances. The liberated kingdom of Greece is still a poor and petty state, with a scanty population, a bankrupt treasury, and imperfectly developed re- sources. There is no denying this. But it is altogether unjust to overlook the amount of progress that lias actually been made ; it yvould be equally unjust not to acknowledge the fact that the efforts and energy of the people have as yet never been allowtxPiree scope to develop themselves, and their best endea- vors havo too often been thwarted by an injudicious and apathetic government."' Spiritualism is severely denounced in a paper on " American Psyrhomaucy." One of the yvorks revicAved is described as a " mad jumble of Spinozaism, Fourierism. St. Simonianism, Swedonborgianisui, and Rationalism." Its compilers, " besides col- lecting the speculative garbage of long since forgotten philosophers, principally of the Rosicrucian and other mysticil schools. have not disdained to embellish their com- posite work with many of the.nonsensical conceits to be found in the lucubrations of Martinus Scriblerus, and in the travels of Munchausen and Gulliver." A spirit's freak is thus narrated in one of the books under notice :-" Mr. Henry Gordon, the yvell-knoAvn spirit medium, HOAV residing in Pliiladelphia, AVUS recently entranced at his residence and slid up stairs upon the bannister of the stairway, and thoa turned and slid down head foremost in the same manner, all by au invisible poyver." Here is another record, from the Spiritual Telegiaph : " Miss Coyvles, in Augustin butg, called up the ghost of a horse, ' Old Pomp,' and he tramped like a horse on a table. [HOAV large yvas the table ?] Dogs also scratched upon the table, as audible and as loud as ever carne from the clayv of the canine race ; and a cat revealed the som et that it had been drowned, whilst at a Aciy tender age, in a cistern, by a young lady AA'ho was present." Further on, the Aviiter of the paper, Avith proper indigna- tion, says-" Well may the sober in the States stand aghast at, such professions and practices as these, and despond for the future of their countiy." Tan KINO- OP SIAM AND HIS CUSTOMS. Ho reminded one of a man talking through the medium of a dond langungo, translating his thoughts from a language moro familiar, but not thinking in tho language whioh he Bpoke. On ono occasion whon I read an English address to him at the time of my formol recoptioñ>ho ?"" sont for me to tho interior of tho paloco, ¿aid ho had understood perfectly -every vrord but ono, and of that word ho asked an explanation. And this reminds mo of ono of thoao " touohoa of nature which make the wholo world kin." On my first publio oudionco wo passed through tho contre of a largo hall in which all tho principal, * nobles of tho land, elad in garmonts of gold, lay * on nil fours prostrato with their faces noarly touching tho ground, whon a curtain was drawn and from a raised tribuno at the end of tho hall appeared tho king seated on his throno, elad in gorgeous apparel, a scoptro in his hand, a richly jowollod crown on his hoad, surrounded by^' all tho tvcftlth of Ormue and of Ind." f'ïho coro mony over, ho desired to soo mo in tho interior of the palace in ono of his private apartments. Ho sat thoro divoBtcd of every ornament, with no other garment than a shirt; ho hold on his kneos _ a little girl abso- lutely naked, and yvith no adorning but a chaplct of fragrant yyhito flowors round her head. Ho askod me to admiro hor beauty- sho was his youngest bom ; and boro I may add that I receivod a letter not vory long after in- forming mo that eineo my departuro from Siam fivo chUdron had been addod to the royal race " Plenty of royalty" was one of his Majesty's oxprossions. In fact, ho rcjoicod in tho posses- sion of thrco hundred wives and concubinos, which ho said was a vory raodorato number ¡ his father had soven hundred for his portion. Ho laughed loudly on one occasion whon I told him that in England ono wifo was found all sufficient. IIo had a drama got up for our amusomont, in which no loss than a liuudrod of the ladies of tho court wcro engaged as actresses undor tho disciplino of an ugly old proinptress, whoso scoldings wore somctimess louder than the music of tho piece. Tho yyomen woro of oyery huo, from tho snoyyy to tho sabio, and of orory oriental raco. Among thom ívero two Ohincso girls, habitod in tho most costly cos- tumes of the celestial ompiro. As tho women of China crush the feot of their children in order to provo that thoy bolong to the non-laboring portion of tho population-and in the north" oven those who yvork in tho fields and perform menial ser- vices aro proud of tho " golden lily " distinction which separates them from the lowosfc vulgar, as they allotv tho nails of their hands to grow sometimos longer than thoir fingers, as ovidonco that thoy havo not been ongaged in any servile employment-so tho Siamese ladies paint their ohildron yellow with turmorio j and this habit, too, descends to all but the meanest orders of the people. And as ovidenco that thoy are incapable of laborious toil, ladies of rank dis- tort thoir arms and sit with thoir elbows turned outward whonover thoy reçoive a distinguished guest. On tho occasion above roforrcd to, when in the recesses of the palaco, I was received by tho first king, tlio naked chiki on his lap was painted tho color of gold ; and it lins sometimes occurred to mo to have my yvhilo garment stained yellow when children havo been pre- sented to mo for my admiration.-"Personal Seeollections of Siam," in the Fortnigtly Reeiew. 1'ERHOES OT AK BBUTTION.-An anocdoto current respecting a Gtcrmnn yvho asconded tho mountain and looked into tho interior through ono of the openings, will assist in convoying the impression it producos on those who follow his oxumplo. Ho waa soon asconding tho mountain alono, and ti ft or an absenco of several hours roturned ¡ yet not a yvord would ho utter in roply to tho questions addressed to him. The 'next day ho yvas found droyvned on the edge of tho sea. According to the statoment of a friend of his, ho had long meditated suicide, and it is supposod that ho had ascended the mountain with the intention of throwing himself into tho moiton lava, after tho fashon of thowoll-reinom bored man of old, yyhoso suicido was discovered by tho mountain throwing out his sandal, but that tho German's mind was so oycrpowered by tho horrors of tho scono ho yvituesBed, that ho could not carry out his intention, and descended to find a grave in a cooler and moro trnnquil fluid.-" Etna Amake," in AU the Year Sound. THE XOSSE3 OP GBAKT AND SHBHMAN.-For somo time past an earnest discussion has been kept up between tho friends of Grant and Sher- man as to yvhich officer lost the most men in the campaign of 1864, when Grant marohed through the yyilderncss to Richmond, and Sherman advanced from Chattanooga to Atlanta. A report of tho losses of both officers between May 1 and November 1, 1864, has at length boon furnished from official rooords of tho War Department. Grant's bottles, and the losses in each, woro as follows:-Wilderness, 29,410; Spottsylvania, 10,381 ¡ North Anna, 1607; Coal Harbor, 13,153 ; Weldon Koiiroad, 4543; Beam's Station, 2433 ; Problo's Farm, 2685 ; Boydton-road, 1802. Trenches, from Juno 10 to August l8,19,857 ; tronchos, until Aunust 30. 2417- The total is 88,387 ; but no estimate or report is mado of the losses in tho tronches during Septombor or Octobor. The loss is heavy enough, cortainly, yvhcu yvo consider that Grant butted at Bichmond six months aftor November, 1864, and must hare lost thousands of men after this roport closod. When people say that he lost 150,000 mon in his nssaults upon Eichmond, that no man who -went with him into tho yvilderncss was present nt lien's surrender, and that Grant ynncoB yyhen tho figures " 150,000" are held up beforo him, thoy aro not far distant from the truth. Sherman's losses woro not nearly so heavy. From May to November, 1864, from the time he left Chattanooga until ho entered Atlanta, ho lost 6284 killed, 26,129 wounded, 5786 missing-a total of 37,199. His march from Chattanooga to the sea was comparatively bloodless, and it, not Grant's continued assaults upon the works of Bichmond, forced Lee's surrender. But when Leo shall havo made his roport, and we shall hear how bravely ho kept his ground, in spite of meagre numbers, scanty rations and clothing, and evory ohstacle a gcnoral can havo against him, and how long ho successfully struggled against such fearful odds, Grants and Sherman's glories will pale before the wonderful achievements of tlio Virginian. America» correspondent of The Times. TDKNTNG ran TABI/ES.-The magistrates of Uckfield hayo boon lining various) people for driving horses unfit for yvork. The other day, during one of thoir sittiugB, a tradesman named Faulkner noticed flint the horse of one of the magistrates (Mr. J. G. Boucher), yvhich was standing in a stablo-ynrd, had sonio raw yvounds behind its shoulders and under the bolly, one of them boing of several days' stividing. Having ascertained from tho ostler, who yvns washing the yvounds, that Mr. Boucher lind just driven the horse into the totvn yvith a four-yvheclcd trap, Mr. Faulkner, with tho characteristics of John Bull, ut onco called the Superintendent of of police out of the court, mid told Mm to do his duty nud take out a summons against the oflciidur. lhis the superintendent declined to do, upon -which Mr. Faulkner proceeded, to tho bench-room to laya complaint. Al the close of tho other husiucss, tlio superintendent laid the facts before tlio bonah, and the complaint was entered in tho usual tray. Mr. Boucher, yvho had beon presiding on tho bench up to this point, noyv vacated his scat, ami took up his position in tho defendant's dock. Mr. Boucher attempted n defence, but yvas fined 10s. and costs. 