SYDNEY SFORTIWGf JSE WS- [rnoM »uh.owh coiimoroNnKKT.J 'Wo have not been in a state of great sport ing activity sinco my last, and as a truthful chronicler I am/ bound to tell you that I don't Bee nnythihg to mako us lively before New Year's Day. ;? Doubtless,'- then, thoro will bo great .sport.. The entries for Parra matta and Emu Plains handicaps havo been made yesterday and to-day, . but I don't as yet know tho result. Here, tho nags for .KanuwicKiiauersansj.asweiiastortuesotwo suburban meets, aro doing good work, but I don't think you can feel much interest in any of them, albeit your old friend, O.K., is still to the fore, and with a crowd to back him. I don't think there is any great chango to tell of in the betting since what you saw in the sporting papers of last Saturday ; but I see symptoms of great speculation on the Sydney Gold Cup, for which tho weights will be out on tho 20th. As it was with your last Melbourne) Cup, so here there arc a great many very moderate animals entered, y«t still I would havo liked to see more, for thero arc several hero that ought to have gono in, and 45 should havo been the number. Although there aro oven now a goodly 'crowd of theso third-class nags entered for the Gold Cup, it is surprising to think and to ? see how many of them' aro, backed, a pretty suro sign that my theory about en tering 'duffers' 'is. tho correct one, and that if money can't bo got out of thorn in one way it can easily enough in another. ' About tho Champion Haco we are all in the dark, and nobody knows - how to invest his money. Volunteer would, bo tho public's great favourite' wcrq ifcriot'for an impression that there is too much 'double-event money against him. ' Individually, I 'have muck faith in tho old horse, and shall quite ex pect to see him win it Mr. Tnits illness Las caused great regret hero, and I trust to hear a much 'improved account .'of ' his health by, tho next mail. ??' ? ' '? ?.' ? The great trotting match is just now tho chief item in conversation whenever and wherever sporting men do. congregate. Ai week or two back pcoplo amused them selves by throwing but all , kinds' 'of innendos as to 'The .Fool'— hero you hoard that ho would nevor come to tho post— there, that he would surely make a barney— whilo »' third division declared. that' he had no ghost of a chance with the 'Don!'- All these things havo passed away. 'Tho: Fool' goes on well, with 'his .'work, and, looks in splendid fettle. .... Moroover : than this, ho has of late been working: in ; har ness, and,, after being 'driven half-a- dozen, times by : Johnny, Pattridk,', who ' is , to ? steer him, lib was tried on Monday (yesterday) morning in .the, new' sulky.' ; It 'was his first' appearance '''.in'sudli a vehicle, .and. naturally ho seemed, strange to' it, for it must bo born '? in mind' that tho horso is wonderfully . fresh ; biit all' this,, notwith stauding . ho' went 'in' capital i style,', and pleased tho.fowJpdrsons'who'saw hinvvcry ?welL- '; Tho 'grass ;on;;thb 'courso' Js,, now so long , that .1 believe it '?. is ; impossible to.mnke good1 time upon it,1 and the great Sir ;'\Villia'm;']ias yet to'1 arrive, 'Depend: upon it, tho, .'trot will cause groat excite- , ment, although your Victorian, sportsmen are so much better up in this, kind of thing than we^arc, that tho advantage appears in your, fayomvnof. a' little. For ray- part, I don't think it half over yet if The Fool is only kept down to his work; and'hot 'allowed to cotlmmptious. ',,','.! ,.,.',,. .,,.',' ,.- '', '.-'.'? ? : Ha\\-ing won- tho'vriflb matoh; tho next thing :\vith us is to .pull ! off tho'-grand. cricket tourney;' arid'tho chosen '' ' ten, ,. aro jnat now a groat sourco of discussion .-unong real, experts. and' would-be- wise cricketers.' The selection committee have' dono their work conscientiously, I am quite' sure ; 'and': I dou't think they aro altogether vory far out in their choice.' : Still' ''they might lmT prove upon their selection in ono .pr.two in-' stances without , any doubt ^ wliatever'.' , It . seems- that they havo hero and thero 'mado too ijjreat 'a. foature' of 'tho batting, whilo they ignored the' fielding capabilities of tho men-; buti. even i with Vail this.they irofused' Sheridan, who r during-. tho List week has' showa bet^battingthanalmoatanyniember of; theteam.''H6wever.there is but'oriri nlaco nowtobe filled ni-, and I suppose Belcher .will bo the roan for that. So' much for that;' '?'-' Pigeon-shooting :iB as:much in vogiio as over, and some good matches nre on the tapis'; ^ext Saturday (15th) tho quarterly shooting of the Metropolitan 'Cliib will take place, and, no doubt, tbero wilTbo -omo excellent sport, of which I shall not faii to give you a satisfactory account for your next Thoro will be moro than a'score of, shooters, who aro divided into three, classes, ith'e' conditions (tho same iu each class) being to, shoot at seveD birds each, at 25 yards 'rise. Thb club is very ilojirishing; as thero : aro now nearly 40 members, and among tlieni . many of the best shots in tho colony. ' ', I have heard nothing sinep I wrote ; about Mat Higgins's match against time, , but' I be^ lieve every thiht! goes on swimmingly ; and Green and Hickey will havo their 'Scullers' Match on this coming Saturday, whoreon will bo staked a large dumber of loose fivors. Green is-in splendid fettle ;--Bb well, 'in- ideed, as I nevor before saw him; and' His ;friends may be quite ,suro that nothing has been left undono to bring him out as' a man ought to be. He h'os: paid good attontio'ii to his training, and.' Tom' Day, than whom no ' ono can train inoro .perfectly, has bebn unre mitting in Iub nttontian. ' ? ? . : ,. 