SPRING LAMB AND BULL-BEEF. OLD DADDY GUMMY AND KITTY MAYBERRY, BY OLD BOOMERANG. "HA ha ha! I'm so glad!" chuckled Jabez Gummy, as he sat on the side of his bed, stitching a brace button on his drab kerseymere small clothes, one Monday morning. "No more stitching for me after I have fastened this blessed button: this is my last act of molly-coddlery. Hurra! I'll throw my thimble out of the window in a minute, and give my cotton box to old Mrs. Budge—no, no, I won't though, I forgot, it was a present from my grandmother, forty years ago last Christmas, so I'll keep it for her sake; it would be undutiful to part with it, and Mrs. Budge does not deserve it, for she has woefully neglected my wardrobe. My best linen shirts look as yellow as old blankets, and I do believe she wears my flannel waist- coats, drat her. Ha, ha, ha! I'm to be married next Friday! Wont it be funny! If I had plucked up heart to take the mysterious leap long ago, I might have made some pretty little maid a happy wife, and have had—but never mind, I'm just in time; the fact is I have been afraid of the feminine gender ever since that unlucky affair with Ann Spike, in 1840, which split my heart like a ripe plum. But bother her, I don't care a button for her now; my dear little Kitty is worth forty old cats—ha, ha, ha; Bravo Jabez! you have not forgotten the way to wheedle the women, though you have been long out of practice, but you have got a real jewel at last—or almost as good as got her. Hurra! again; no more domestic discomforts, which I have writhed under for nearly half a century. No more losing arguments with old mother Budge about her omnivorous cat, and her mischievous boy Billy, or her mystified accounts. No more dull wearisome days, and long nights of shivering loneliness, no no, I shall have a warm little wife to develope the latent virtues of my disposition, to love, honour, and cherish me, and make this sombre old house as shiny as a light-house lantern. Ho, ho, ho! how nice it will be! codlins! I wish I were married now." The exciting idea made Mr. Gummy chuckle again, till he began to cough so fiercely, that he owned to himself, as he sat down to his solitary breakfast table a few minutes afterwards, "that he felt quite weak in the knees." * * * * * * * * "Zounds! what next? Old Gummy is actually going to marry Kitty Mayberry," grumbled Mr, Grouts. "Did anybody ever hear of such gooseberry fool? He is sixty-five years old if he is a fortnight, while the girl has only just done with her dolls, and has no more love for the toothless old toddler than I have for Mammy Wombat, the black gin. Poor little puss, she is bedazzled by the glitter of his money, the idea of a grand wedding, and riding to church in a coach. I dare say it is rare fun for her to prattle with her playfellows about her fine house, and her dear old fogey who doats upon her, but I doubt if she has bestowed five minutes serious thought on the responsibilities she is taking upon herself; much less has she foreseen the gloomy reality of being tied to a ricketty old man, whose temperament is as opposite to her own as June is to January. I pity her poor thing, but as for Jabez—well perhaps I had better not say all I think of him, or I may be thought uncivil. This much I will say though, that he ought to have common sense enough to know that a giddy girl will not make him a good wife. In his long life time, he has doubtless seen scores of homes made wretched by want of sympathy and unity of feeling, and he cannot reasonably expect much of those social virtues from a girl young enough to be his grand- daughter. Pshaw! I have no patience with the old lollypop! But I consider it is positively wrong to sit still and see a silly couple plunge into certain misery, so I am determined to stop them, if warning words will do it." "Ugh! stop them indeed! you may as well try to stop a train by whistling 'Cockabendy'" growled Mrs. Grouts. "They will be tied together, as tightly as you and I are, before this day week in spite of all you can say. The little minx told our Betsy last night, that she will jingle the mildew off the old boy's money as soon as she can coax the keys of the cash box from him; so it is plain enough what she is marrying for, and I'll bet you a penny she will bolt off with young Ben Spry before she is a year older. As for Jabez he is up to his eyes in love, as the say- ing is, and all the words in the dictionary won't cure him, so don't bother yourself in trying, master; that's my advice. You had better take warning by what your uncle Dick got for himself when interfering in a similar case: you know he had to wear a bob wig all his days, to hide the mark of the hot fire-shovel on his crown." "I don't care for hot fire-shovels if they are in the way of duty," said Mr. Grouts bravely, "I mean to use my influence with Kitty's mother, if Jabez won't listen to reason." "Poogh! that's no use neither, for she told me only yesterday, she knew Gummy would make her girl a good husband. 'To be sure he is older than Kitty,' said she, 'but that is'nt of much account now a days; you often see such disparities. He is a hale healthy man, though rather skinny, and he is as merry and frisky as she is, every bit; besides, he is not so old as folks say, and is able to provide handsomely for her, so I don't see that it is such a bad match as the times go. He is doatingly fond of her, there is no doubt of that, and Kitty will like any body who is kind to her.' Those are the very words widow Mayberry said to me," continued Mrs. Grouts, "so it is pretty clear that what you may say to her will not stop the match, but will very likely make all the family enemies to us; then woe to your garden for they will let all their cocks and hens loose." "Humph! But Jabez is an old crony of mine, and I am really more concerned about him than about the girl," said Mr. Grouts. "We know that only a week or two ago she was flirting with Ben Spry, and I dare say she is fond of him, for he is a smart young fellow, only he happens to be poor, which is equal to a serious failing with Widow Mayberry; more simpleton she, for I declare, if Kitty were my girl, I would rather let her have Ben with only his trade to depend on, than old Gummy if he could load La Hogue with Spanish dollars. I don't like to say anything to Jabez about Kitty's flirtation, for it would look like tattling, and you know I especially abhor that sort of mischief, but if I could stop his marriage by some honest means, I am sure he will be much obliged to me when he returns to his senses. At any rate, I'll try what I can do," added Mr. Grouts, taking his hat and stick. "I'll walk over to his house and have a little quiet chat with him, and if love has not blinded him outright, he will see that he is running into nettles, and will stop in time." His wife exclaimed, "Stuff and nonsense!" Never- theless away went Mr. Grouts on his delicate errand, and soon he was welcomed by his old friend Jabez, whom he found very busy overlooking his wearing apparel, and arranging it in a handsome wardrobe, which had been sent from the upholsterers that after- noon. "Glad to see you, Grouts," said Jabez, grinning like an ape who had just picked up a soldier's jacket; "I'm in a bit of a muddle, you see, but I know you will excuse it. Take a seat—stay, stay, don't sit on my frilled shirt, or you'll ruin me. That is an impor- tant part of my wedding outfit. Blue coat, drab breeches and gaiters, buff waistcoat, and a frilled shirt; shan't I look buckish? ho, ho, ho! Wasn't you tremendously tickled when you heard I was going to tie the knot?" "No I wasn't tickled at all, Jabez, but I was very much astonished at your choosing a girl who only a month or two ago was in short petticoats," said Mr. Grouts drily. "We have always been in the habit of speaking plainly to each other, so I tell you candidly that I wish you had courted her mother instead." "Ha, ha, ha! I always liked spring lamb," chuckled Jabez; "Kitty is much softer than her mother, and she is intensely fond of me. She is always straighten- ing my hair, stroking my beard, and calling me her pee-weet. She will make a delicious little wife, I'm, sure; just the one for me, for I like to be petted and played with. The darling little duckling; I some- times fancy I could eat her, when her warm fat fingers tickle my chin. Yes, I like spring lamb, ho, ho, ho! It's so tender, he, he, he! Don't you wish you were Jabez Gummy, eh Grouts?" "Bah! bull-beef! grunted Mr. Grouts. "I hope you won't get pepper- mint sauce with your spring lamb. Now seriously, Jabez, do you think it is natural for a lass of seventeen to be fond of fiddling about an old chap of seventy." "Stop, stop, I'm not seventy," said Jabez, with a show of anger, "I am only sixty-six next January, so don't cheat me: and I can't see anything so un- natural in the affair as you wish to make out. You see old chaps, as you call them, marrying young girls often enough, so there is nothing very wonderful in my preferring a young wife to an old one." "Yes, and you often see those young wives neglecting their homes, and their old husbands, and there is nothing wonderful in that neither," replied Mr. Grouts. I don't intend to say a syllable to the prejudice of Kitty, or to insinuate that she will not make a faithful wife, but in general terms I mean to say that when old men are silly enough to marry young girls, they usually look for more attention from them than they get, or than they can reasonably expect; thus they are very often tormented with jealous fears and fancies, real or imaginary, and their lives are made miserable, I will give you one sad example, which just occurs to me. A gentleman more than threescore years old married his gardener's daughter, a buxom lass of nineteen or thereabout. She was a good girl, and I believe for several years was as true a wife as any in the land, still her husband suspected her of flirting with every young fellow who presumed to look at her pretty face. In vain did she try to reason him out of his jealous fancies, and give him every proof she could give of her fidelity, he grew worse as he grew older, until her life was a complete burden. She became reckless and ill tempered. Horse-whipping did not improve her in the least. She took to drinking, and a few years ago you might have seen her on any night you chose to look into one of the singing saloons of Sydney; so you may guess her deplorable end. Mind, I don't say that all such unequal marriages terminate so badly, for I have known cases quite contrary; but they are rare, and I take the freedom of an old friend, to warn you against the risk you are incurring in marrying a girl so much younger than yourself. That lassie will not make a suitable wife for you, Jabez, I am sure of that, and I advise you for pity's sake to give her up." "O dear me! I can't, I can't. Don't say that again, Grouts, it makes all my vitals groan. I love the girl full gallop, and if I give her up I shall give up the ghost in less than three weeks; I am sure of that. Can't you see how my knees are knocking together, at the bare idea of it? The fact is my heart has been as impenetrable as a fire- proof safe for nearly thirty-years, but Kitty has picked the lock at last, and got right inside, and to turn her out would be ten times worse than skinning me. I can't do it, Grouts. Ask me to do anything else that's reasonable and I'll oblige you in a minute, but I can't give up Kitty, I'd almost as soon give up taking snuff, and that would be the greatest trial in life, that I can think of. Besides, look at this house full of feminine knicknacks, what would be the use of them to me if I lost my little doxey? They were all bought for her, bless her heart!" "Please, sir, a boy has brought a lot of bottles and things, from Mr. Lint the chemist," interrupted Mrs. Budge, opening the door without knocking. "Yes, yes, all right, lots of scent; I shall smell like a nosegay on Friday. Bring them in, Mrs. Budge. Let me see, I think I'll put them on a shelf in my wardrobe for the present," said Jabez, who forthwith began to stow away sundry bottles of perfumery, and a large gallipot full of pomatum, which Mr. Lint had specially prepared and warranted it would make hair grow on Jabez's bald head, and turn his grey beard dark brown. "Excuse me for neglecting you, Grouts, but you see I am up to my neck in confusion just now. I wish you would come and see me this day fortnight, and stay a long while: I shall be calm as a.dish of cream then, and we can talk over things comfortably. Say you will come, and bring Mrs. Grouts with you. Hoy, Mrs. Budge! stop the boy, he has left a bottle of soothing mixture for Mrs. Fitz , over the way." Jabez ran out of the room with the mis-sent bottle, and while he was gone Mr. Grouts glanced over the perfumery on the shelf, especially noticing the pomatum pot, which was without a label. "I don't want to hinder you," said Mr. Grouts, as Jabez returned breathless and faint, after his exertion of running to the front door, "but I was going to remark, when your housekeeper disturbed us, that if you do love Kitty as I believe you do, you may prove the disinterestedness of your love, and do a noble action for which she will ever venerate you. This is the plan I would suggest. Take a cottage for her, furnish it with some of the superfluous things that you have recently bought, and give her away to some deserving young fellow, who will make her happy—in short, adopt her as your daughter. You have neither kith nor kin in the land, and you have more money than you can reasonably spend on your- seif. Take that advice, Jabez, and you will rejoice over it by-and-bye, and the girl will rejoice too. You may live to have many merry romping games with your adopted grand-children, and------ "Pshaw! get out Grouts! what nonsense you talk," said Jabez sharply. "The girl would break her heart if I jilted her in that underhand way, poor little bird! give her away to some deserving young fellow indeed! poogh, I won't. Besides, where will I find one more deserving of her than myself? I love her, and she loves me; that's a mutually admitted fact, and I wont allow anybody but grim Death himself to separate us—that's the way to say it. Excuse me for getting warm," added Jabez relaxing into a grin, "but you are too late with your advice, my boy. My honour and happiness are at stake. I must be married on Friday: ho, ho, ho! and I must have a plump young wife, for my feet are beginning to get very cold on winter nights, very cold indeed, and I can't warm them by myself; but Kitty will cuddle them, bless her heart! She'll be twice as good as my water bottle, or a hot brick, ho, ho, ho! Now go home, Grouts, there's a good fellow; don't bother me any more, for I want to look to my linen. Hoy! Mrs. Budge, bring me a flat iron and the marking ink. Excuse me, Grouts—Good night— much obliged to you. Give my love to Mrs. G.— Good night." (To be concluded in our next.) 