SHOCKING MURDER OF A MOTHER AND SISTER IN EDINBURGH. A dreadful double murder has been committed at the Grange, Edinburgh, the painful character of which was aggravated by the fact that the victims were the mother and sister of the per petrator of the awful crime. The facts of this tragic occurrence we take from the Caledonian Mercury. The murderer is a man named John Hunter, who is about twenty-seven years of age, and son of Mr. Robert Hunter, who carries on business as a sculptor at Preston-street, and has 111a jjiivciiiic lcaiuciiuu ctii u, xsiux^ujjj.Lc-u.i.Goueuu, Grange. , The dwelling house at which the murder was committed is one of those self-con ? contained villas, of which so many have been erected in the neighbourhood of the Grange during the last few years, and has a small garden plot in front, which is enclosed by a railing. The family, who OQCup;ed a respectable position in society, consisted of five persons — namely, Mr. Hunter ; his wife, who was sixty eight years of age ; their daughter Elizabeth, who was about forty years of age ; and two sons David and John. They kept no sevant. the ordinary household duties being performed by the mother and daughter. Mr. Hunter has had a large family of sons, but several of them are dead, and the others, with the exception of the two residing with him at Dalrymple-crescent, are married. John, the son by whom the awful deed has been perpetrated, until the within the last five or six years used to attend at his father's yard, and give him some little assistance in his business. For fully the last five years, however such decided indications of insanity have pre sented themselves that he has not been allowed to go from home. While there has been: no actual restraint placed upon him, he has been confined closely to the house — so closely, indeed, that several neighbors in adjoining villas were not aware that he had been living in the house at all until they were startled yesterday by learning of the tragx occurrence that had taken place. He seems to have had some strange peculiarities in his manner and personal habits, and- among others he never wore a hat, and suffered his hair to grow without ever being cut so that it was exceeding long, and hung down his back in clusters like a woman's. The cause of his mental derangement is said to have been religion. On Thursday morning the fi re members of the family breakfasted together as usual, between nine and ten o'clock, and at this time nothing extraordinary appears to have been remarked in appearance or deportment of the imbecile son. The,; father and David, and the younger son ?having finished their meal, left the house' a little before 10 o'clock to attend to their business, lea vine; Mrs. Hunter, her daughter, and John the only inmates in -the house, besides a char woman who had been engaged to do some wash ing for the family. Shortly afterwards John went out and walked «bout the garden plot in front of the house. Whilst thus occupied his mother came out and wished him to return in doors, but he seemed reluctant to comply Math her request. She then placed herself imme diately in front of him, as-if to prevent him from coiiijiiuuug uu jjiiue ujj -url iauyvu. xo w.uiuu. almost seem as if he had premeditated some vjolent action, and this. slight interference with his liberty had given him the occasion to com mit it, for he had ;previously picked up a bar of iron and secreted it under his waistcoat. The j piece of iron^yas pai't of a railing that was i being put up at the back part of the house, and | was 15 or 16 inches in length, and fully an inch . in diameter. This formidable weapon he drew from his breast, and inflicted two violent blows upon his mother, striking her upon the head. The; first blow seemed to render the poor old lady perfectly senseless, and she fell to the f round without uttering a cry. His sister! Ilizabeth happened to come to the door just at ! ?the moment, and, witnessing the frightful attack' ; upon her mother, at once rushed forward with j extended arms for her protection. This drew the attention of the murderer to his sister and with one blow she was also felled insensible to' the ground. The two unhappy victims being thus down, the murderer, with fiendish fury, dealt both repeated and violent blows, com pletely smashing their skulls, and scattering their brains about in all directions. The atten tion of the washerwoman was directed to the spot, and seeing what Avas taking place, and terrified by the frightful and savage conduct of the madman, she fied to the back of the house, and sought to escape his notice by taking refuge in an outhouse. Here she concealed herself with the utmost trepidation, and did not dare to venture, forth from her hiding place until the assassin ha. I been secured. . Whilst this dreadful tragedy was being enacted a party, of masons were at. work at a new house being erected in the immediate vicinity. The . workmen state that they did not hear any cr\ when the two unfortunate woman were struck down, but one of them had his attention arrestec by the succession of heavy thumps caused by tin murderer repeating the blows upon the heads o his bleeding and senseless victims. This inducei him to inquire what was the cause of thes; sounds, and. then the actual state, of matters wa; ascertained. A little girl, who 'chanced to be passing the house .on her way to school, was ac costed by the murderer, who said to her, 'My yood woman, can you get me some water for this lady who is down here ?' The appearance' of the madman so frightened the little girl that she ran off to school in great alarm, where she she told what had occured', and it of course created a profound sensation. It was some little time before assistance could be procured and the murderer taken into custody. About half an hour elapsed before anyone could go near the two unfortunate ladies who had come tosuch . an untimely evd, and when the access was' ob tained a most sickening spectacle was presented. The heads of both mother and daughter' were frightfully mutilated by the repeated blows tnat had been inflicted upon them, portions of the ,brain were scattered about, and from the spot where the two females lay a stream of blood flowed underneath the gate on to the pavement outside. The irresponsible cause of this dred ful scene was sitting in the garden, looking on with the utmost composure, and apparently, quite unconscious of the awful deed he had com mitted. As soon as policemen could be obtained he was secured, and the iron bar which he still retained in his possession was taken from him, whilst he himself was conveyed in a cab to the police-office. His singular appearance attracted a large crowd at the door of the office as he alighted from the Cab. and his loiiprll.i.ir s-hrp.fl.rmn or 'fin-urn his back caused some of the individuals in the crowd to observe that it was 'a lassie dressed in - man's clothes.' The appearance of ' the prisoner when in the police office was decidedly, indicative of his insanity. He had a wild' excited look, and at the same time quite an idiotic expression of countenance. He is dark complexion, of spare build, and apparently rather undersized. In answer to the question what his name was, he only replied by an inarticulate and meaningless utterance, and all attempts to get him 1o speak were in vain. He has been lodged in the Carton gaol, where he remains pending further proceedings. A Reformatory Boy's Tale.— A lad. about fourteen years old, who gave the name of John Fay, and who represented that he had no hbina and was a gun-barrel filer by trade was- brought before the Lord Mayor on his own confession of ha viug absconded from the Stoke Farm. Re formatory, Worcestershire. In xeply to, various questions put by the Lord Mayor, this lad ad mitted that he had been guilty of stealing a quantity of brass in Birmingham, for whicih, he was sent for four years to the Stoke. Farm Re formatory. There he had served three years, working on Farms in the neighborhood ; but .his treatment in the reformatory during the whole of that time was so bad that he thought it better to run away than to submit to a'fourth year of it. He complained that he had been whipped there, and that the victuals he received in the winter season was less in quantity and inferior - in quality to what was doled out in the summer. The Lord Alayor said he- should doubt very much the truth of this statement, his own impression being that the rations served out in reformatories were the same all the year round. He asked , whether the lad-had not something to say in favour of institutions of the kind, and whether he would -not rather be in one of them than in a gaol. The, lad ?replied-, that he would prefer the goal for a three months' residence to twelve months in a reformatory. He acknowledged that there was'- a school- at Stoke Farm where the boys were taught to read and write, and where, they were also taught some useful trade, and that he himself could now read and write better because of the instruction he received there than when he first entered it. . But then, although the/boys were allowed out at particular hours of tho day to play, the punishment they received ? for any offence they committed was very severe. The uuyn ciii ctssuuuioeu. Lugetiier, ana ;toui eaan other the particulars of the buglaries, highway robberies,' and the thefts they had severally com mitted, and how they had commited them, and he who had perpetrated the most daring offence and robbed the public to. .'the. ??largest ' extent was always considered the cleverest in the reformatory, and before he left he : generally gave full instruction as to how all. the other boys could best plunder their friends and neighbors when they cania out. This was their conversation by day. At night they all slept in the same room, but in separate beds. Whsn he made his escape he walked to Birmingham,- and then tramped it in four days to London, where he was a perfect stranger, and tried to live by begging ; but he found that so bad a game that he went atjjtwelve o'clock that day to the station house in. Bishopsgate-street, and gave himself up as an absconder from the Stoke Farm Re formatory. —The Lord Mayor said he was afraid that there was a fearful future before the. prisoner, for, upon his own showing, he had been committed for four years for a felony,' and besides he had been whipped, and now, after having been three years in the reformatory, and attending the school, and no doubt receiving the best advice, he was a wanderer about the streets of London, unknowing and unknown. It was' a sad case. He would be remanded; until Saturday, in order that the authorities in Wor-. cestershire might be communicated with. — Daily Telegraph. I took the liberty of hinting, says - George Augustus. Sala in ''Echoes of the Week,' when I arrived in the Irish metropolis, that,, .after a railway journey of 150 miles, I should like some :. dinner. It was about six p.m. 'Won't a beef- \ . j steak with your tay do?' asked the .good- , ; humoured but gasping and all but exhausted waiter. Mildly, but firmly, £ stuck to my text —dinner. ' All that's left of me,' mu'rrnuiei the waiter, 'ull get it for ye; but ]Vye five tinners on hand ; an' it's me ghost tyiai 11 be bringing the gintlefolks their breakfast in the jiiorniriV' He is still alive, however, that waiter, although very pale. 