WAHGUNYAH. b "OjI OCR own correspondent.) January 26tli. cue present week several set on the Billaoong have paid us a among the number were Mr John ) Clare Hill, Mr Moore, Gunambill,1 srs Ramsay and John Sanger, "Won Q'vi aud Mr Watson, of the Round 1 as mpv ba easily imagined, they 2 all delighted with the late rain. On s- of their stations the feed continued l:7 good, and they are of opinion into consideration that we are the end of the month) that they I not sailer more this year for want of «i _ , i« clip this year, weight and quality, been well ventilated, as also the "best of carriage, together with the va 5 claims pat forth by breeders in w of their rams ; this interchange of won, together with practical results experienced men, is very beneficial. o Cop.p.-espomdents. — "We regret ' owing to want of space the letter "A Clown in the Senate" cannot ' "in the present issue. "Weather.—-Yesterday another ■\\.® took place in the weather ; re eling showers fell during the day, m the evening a tremendous aier storm set in accompanied by ■? r^in, ot which there is every ap ance oi a continuance; Beechworth Races. — We under stand that the gentlemen connected with the Beechworth. Jockey Club, went round the town yesterday, collecting subscriptions for tho forthcoming races, and, we are glad to say, with very satis factory results. The meet, this season, promises to turn out successfully, and despite the drought and hard times we hare no doubt a large number of persons will assemble on the occasion to patron ise the truly British sport. New Sckoolhouse.—We have much pleasure in noticing that a new school house, the want of which has been so long felt in Chiltern, will in a short time be supplied. On Wednesday night last the Committee had the plan of the intended new building laid before them by Mr Ambrose. The plan was approved of, and Mr Ambrose was instructed to draw up specifications, &c.; Chinese Superstition.—It has been clearly ascertained that the late fire broke out in a hut where a few months since Ah Lay Ty hanged himself; this, and certain other mysterious circumstances, have evoked the grim features of Mongolian superstition into intense action, and the devil is univer sally accused of setting fire to the Camp. The hut oi Ah Lay Ty, from the time of his death, has been regarded with pro-' found awe, every necessary observance having been practised to keep it clear from e\il spirits, but .without effect as it has been nightly haunted, not only by the deceased ; but by a legion of ghostly apparitions, alleged to be imps of the devil, who has potent influence over : the locality of a suicide and continues in possession uutil the- troubled spirit of the deceased is finally exorcised. Up till a few days before the conflagaration no person would vent-re to "'occupy this hut, although Ah Gin, a brother of deceased,, offered it to any comer gratuitously. Every . night lamps have been kept burning 1 within ;its dismal shades and the choicest food has been spead out on the table, but-still the restless spirit of Ah • Lay Ty disturbed the watchers of the night; Often the forlorn hut has been offered to any poor travelling - Chinamen arriving" at the Camp hungry and swagworn and with out a place of shelter, and soon as these learned its history they have invariably decamped with.the utmost alacrity and dismay. But two or three days before the fire one . Sin Tin and some , others came to the camp in a terrible state of wretchedness and want, and were per suaded to take up their abode -.in the haunted-dwelling. They did so with great fear and trembling, and--as - they continued night after night unharmed, it was believed that Ah Lay Ty was at ! rest. But when it.was told by a China man that on the outbreak of the fire he saw the devil and Ah Lay Ty rising with the flames as they burst through the roof, all were convinced that the fire was an act of vengeance by the evil one. The dwelling in which the late -Detective Appoo died was regarded with a similar superstitions feeling; although his death was ' caused "by comsumption, yet his antecedents were not satisfactory, many believing him to have been addicted to trafficking with the devil; and from the time of his death till Sunday last' his late" abode remained closely fastened, none venturing to sleep there—fearing a visitation from the ghost of Appoo, accompanied by. those unholy spirits with whom he communed in this life. Under these alarming circumstance?,, it was felt that a great atonement was necessary, and" it was resolved to hold on Sunday an impressive ceremony of exorcism to appease the angry spirits. Accordingly, at daylight the gong's struck tip their discordant clamonr, and the reverberations of the' crackers continued all the morning, the people gathered from all parts, and so successful was their devotion, that in the afternoon it was declared that„the spirits of the departed were'at peace, and .uni versal joy prevailed'. Appoo's house has since been occupied, and is now tenanted by a party of Chinese, whose slumbers have suffered no disturbance. Beechworth Post Office Savings' Bank.—The following is the return of the receipts, &c.;, of this savings' bank, from December 23rd, 1865, to January 20th, 1866. . Number of pay ments, 59 ; amount received, £164 6s ; number of books issued, 19; withdrawn, £63 9s 6d. ^ -A Ltjnatio.Hosses'Tealeb.7—A youth i named Fulton was some time since] committed to Beechworth Jail for horse stealing in the Jamieson District. He appeared to be insane'at the time of his arrival -here,-, and" has since evinced such decided symptoms that he has been further : committed to the Lunatic Asylum, Melbourne, and was forwarded: thereon Tuesday last. Reformatory.—The children - lately committed to the Industrial and Re formatory Schools, Melbourne, proceeded to their destination under special guar dianship' on Tuesday morning last. Mr Gsaham Berry stated at his. meeting on Thursday evening, that he was nominated for both Collingwood, and the Murray Boroughs ; but if re turned for both places he would prefer to sit for the Boroughs. We think his chances, of return for Collingwood, are but small, and still smaller for the Murray Boroughs. Hennessy's Brajtdy.-—It is high time that the public should be put on their guard against the deception prac tised upon them in respect to brandy which although purporting to bear the brand of Hennessy & Co has in truth never passed through the hands of that celebrated firm. Brandy, if taken in excess—as is frequently the case in this country and indeed all the world over —is considered one of the most deleteri ous beverages that can be taken in that wholesale manner. If such is the case in regard to good brandy what effect must that adulterated abomination palmed upon men'as Hennessy's brandy have upon their health. We see that it is the intention of Messrs Hennessy & • Co. to put the power of the law in force ; against those who have the dishonesty j to forge their trade mark and sell ! abominable rubbish by means of using the name of a respectable and old estab ' lished firm. 