LETTER F II0II PARIS. (From cur our. CorrttponcUnl.) Paeib. 27th December. 1655. On Sandsy, 10th inst., at 10.30 a.m., aad after a short struggle, Leopold I., King of the Belgians, departed this life at tbe age of 75. This termina tion ol a ioog and usefcl life hze treated a general Sensation, though it *ts not expected that hii Majesty could long resist the numerous attacks he has had to undergo of late. A;l other political sub jects are now set aside, tbe.King'e demise being the general theme of conversation. The famous treaties of 1825, which were tbe basis of international right, may be said no longer to exist; end Belgium, t';e offspring of a violation of one of tb'.se treaties. C3a enjoy but a very uncertain existence, pkced as it is in the midst ol antagonistieal ambitions and great powers with wonderful appetites. Whilst Leopold L was alive, the Belgian nationality had nothing to lear. The King wa» distinguished for his high ?wisdom, and was, ar"reoser, allied with the majority of European potentates, either by marriage or by friendship, The necessity of having no. arbitrator to settle any diplomatic differences was a guarantee that Belgium would remain unviolated during his lifetime. Bat now that the King is no more, what birrier is there against the ambition of | Kapoleon IIL, who it is well known covets what is calied by a certain section of the press, the natural frontier*, who does not know that in 1S52 the decree enntxing the kingdom of Belgium to France was signed by the Emperor, and that the publication of tbe Moniteur (with the tame) had already begun. It was only at the request of Monsieur dc Horny, then very influential, tbdt Napoleon III. altered bis decision. Ttie public and Europe awoke the following morning little thinking the immense danger European peace had run in the night, and it was only long after wards that the world learned what Napoleon I. was capable of. Why should henotdoin 18CC what he intended doing in 1852? Will not some pretext be found by France, some odious pretext to meddle in the affairs of Belgium, in order to re uiablith order? Once order re-established, there will bean indemnity required-as Savoy, to cover expenses in the Italian expedition. These are tbe questions now pat by those fond of justice and inimical to the invasion of despotism, ia the little corner ol the continent, Belgium, where liberty has taken refuge. Let us examine and see if the abovo mentioned fears are justified, for what is Belgium in 1865? It is divided into two partiec, both influential; but let it be said to their glory, calling on tbe name of liberty. There is the liberal party and tbo Catholic or ultramontane party. Leopold, a Protestant in a Homan Catholic country, spent his whole life in trying to keep peace between these two, and though hii sympathies were in no way liberal, he mostly lent hie ussiEtance to the members of the anti- ultramontane faction, who were the representa tive! of the general public opinien; he considered it to be hi« duly as a constitutional king. Of late the ultramontane party, seeing tee democratic liberals daily gaining ground, have had recourse to their "old dodgf:" ol culling out that they are op pressed and persecuted. Tne-y have ever since: 1801 taken advantage ol the differences existing bettu-en the government and the mining and sugar manu facturing districts, relative to the tariff, to insinuate the possibility of an ultimate annexation to France. The fact is indisputable; lor whilst our liberal pre:s scouts any idea ol inc-jiporating the kingdom ol Bel gium, 'Jht Union and The Monde (two Parisian ultra montane papers) deelire openly and without dinyuise that Leopold II, (lateDuke of Brabant) shows him self unfavorable to the Catholic party. There will be disturbances in Brufselr. Other symptoms leave no doubt that tlie destinies of B-.l^ium lie in the people's own hands. II the young king ascend* the throne without disturbances of any kind, and if the patriotism of the antagonistical tactions abstain from rancour for a time at least, Belgium miy be saved. If not, it is to be feared that Herr von Bismarck, the Prussian premier, on the one hand, and Napoleon III. on the other, will share the booty. The army {? Belgium is decidedly favorable to France, i.e. the officers, who naturally enough would prefer being in the service of France. Leopold wan one of the most singular persons imaginable. To tee him walking about the streets of Brussels, like any private indi vidual, one would not have thought that thi3 poten tate had created f,jr himself a second nature very different from his o*n. He was the ilol of the Belgian people, who mourn his less as king has never been mourned for. The letter of Napolscn III. to the Duk: of Brabant was a follows:-Is is with the d;ep.-st re gret that tbe E:npreis and myself have received the pen's of the death of your father. His wisdom and sagacity had placed him at the head of the sovereigns of Europe. He always showed rae ey much afJec tion that I sincerely deplore his loss. I doubt not but that your royal higbi.ess wiil follow in the foot steps of your lamented father. I shall be happy to prove my friendship to you.-NAPOLEON." The latest news from Brussels bring most satis factory accounts, the greatest cilm prevails and even the U'tramontanes aie dignified and moderate in their language. The national patriotism showed itself on'Changeyesterday. The 4J percent Belgian bonds rose two francs, and those of the National Banks 70 francs. The new king received addresses from til parts of the country. The latest is that of the Grand Masonic Lodge of Belgium. Leopold I vras a zealous Freemason, and was grand rnaEter ol ol ono of the English lodgcE. I have neitner time nor spaco to examine the tener of the laniUige of our European press relating to the death of King Leopold. Tne general opinion eeerns to be, how ever, that the event will not cause any great change. The mission ofGeneralSehoffieldiadenicdby some and affirmed by others. An far as I am concerned, X am woll aware ol the object of the general's jour ney to Paris. No one will make me believe that it is to see the beauties of the French capital. In a banquet held at the Grand hotel by numerous citi zens of the United States, several toasts were drunk to the maintenance of friendly relations between America end France. Mr Bigelow, the American envoy, alluded to the mission of General Scholiield ia very guarded terms. The latter is said to have had several interviews with Mone. Drouyri de L'huys, the French Minister fjr foreign affairs. Thera ie, it is certain, a negotiation going on for the ultimate evacuation of Mexico by the French troops. General Schoffield undertakes on the part of the United States that no attack of any kind shali take place on the new empire of Maximilian. Monsieur Drouyn de L'huys on the other hand promises to withdraw the French troops v.-ithin the space of two years. The entente anlijle between Mr Bigelow, General Scholiield and Drouyn de L'huys, appears to be perfect, but let us hear what is whispered, and peep at the other tide of the medal-Whilst Schoffield is carrying out the instructions of his government in Paris, it is said that the United {states Consul at Alexandria has handed to the Vice roy of Egypt a protest against sending negro troops to Mexico. This protest is accompanied, I am told, (but I am not in a position to guarantee the fact), by a declaration that the United States Govern ment has decided upon not allowing a monarchy to be set up at its frontiers. I cannot, as already men tioned, vouch for the truth of these statements, and can hardly believe them; however, the protest seems certain. It can, however, only be said to hang like the sword of Damocles, over the head of the French Government iu case it should not seriously think of pvacualing Mexico. Yhe report is false that Leopold I. had named tfapojeon III. his executor. When th: news of the death arrived, the Imperial Court was at Compiegne, spending its timo iu the pleasures of the chase and | revelry of every kind, wor.hy of the times of the regency. The Emperor is very fend of the game ol parlor quoits, which he often plays with the Prin cess Murat. You have read a description ol the rather equivocal tableux tivatiti and charades, the patte tempi of the Imperial Court, which would lead pi to believe that we shall return to the corrupt times of Louis XV. without either its taste or its witty literary productions. The Duke of Massa, a young nobleman, not without merit, has taken upon himself to fill the place which our great writerB used to occupy at the Court ol Le Grand Louis. He has ]UBt treated the Imperial guests at Compiegne with a ploy called "Les Commentaire de Cesar," a kind of potpourri, io which tbe praiseB of the Emperor and his entourage are sung ad nauseam. The performance has of course been a great hit, nnl the Imperial guests speak in high terms of the miie en iccne, and of the costume of the private theatricals at Com piegne. Bismarck draws ia his hornB, as the children say of tbe BDailB. I mean that there is not much to bo said about Prussia. Bismarck finds that Austria can, for the present, keep out of his clutches, having been fortunate enough to negotiate a loan of 500 millions. The Emperor Francis Joseph has UDIV something c-Iec to do than to wraDgle with the Prus sian Premier about Schleswig-Holstein. Whilst I am writing, the Austrian Emperor is opening the Hungarian Diet and the crisis the Austrian Mon archy baB had to go through is coming to an end. 'the question is whether M. Deak (the prepondera ting chief of the Hungarian party) will propose a compromise to the Crown, or whether the Crown will follow a conciliatory policy. The latter is most likely j as it is, the reception of the Emperor by the people has been excellent. It would be prematuro to say anything of the denuement of tbe imbroglio. In Italy the debates of the Parliament of Florence begin to take a serious turn. Bignor Marl, a conservative, h>is been named president. The deficit of 1866 is 205 millions, and no reduction has been made in the war expenditure. Qignor Sella, Minister of Finance, thinks it quite Indispensable to reduce the deficit by 100 milhone. The following is his plan:-30 millions of expenses reduced, an increase of 20 millions on the registra tion of stamps, 25 millions by tbo taxation of dooro end windows, and a tax on the grinding of grain, which would produco 100 millions. In looking farther into matters we perceive that the cramped position of Italy is caused by tbe financial situation of the country, which obliges her to levy new taxes and take tbe money out of tbe pockets .of the farmer®) hitherto accustomed to a cheap government. The ministerial party in ths Chamber has bat a slight majority, the radicals, who Blone may be tiii to hare had any real ioflcecc;, are in a itate of collapse. The omy paper, the organ cf the las: aamed_ party, Tht Ur.iud Italian, has ja<: died a natural deatli for want of means and subscribers. Garibaldi himself seem, to be but the ghost cf what he was, living more in ths memory c( those abroad than in that of his feliovr-countryrnc-n In conse quence of several elections which have been can celled, there still remain 60 seats in parliament to be filled up by fresh election?, the result cf which may j in a great measure modify thecatn&eroi; votesofeieh party they will take place towards the 29th or 30th of ! December, 16GS. The question is, will General Li , Marmora and his Ministry live until then? I, for my part, think the situation of Italy is an embar rassed one; that of the papal government is deplor able in the extreme, Money is scarce-so much so that a loan c£ forty-five millions ha? teen resorted to at great sacrifice, in order to alleviate the dreadful monetary crisis reigning in Kome for several weeks, where nothing but email coin ia to be found. 'Ihe brigands are furious at seeing their old allies, the pontifical troop;, turn against them. 'Ihe brigands achieve wonders in all the encounters with them, beating them everywhere. Kaueler, the Pope's general, exasperated at the numerous defeats, ii call ing out for reinforcement! in order to crueh the brigands, who carry their audacity so far as to carry on their robberies even in the streets of the eternal city. It must be owned that the inheritance of St. Peter is not a bed of roses, and when the Fre:>ch troops leave Home the danger the holy father will be exposed to will be great indeed, A report has been circulated that Spain intended contracting a new ban through the means cf Mons. Pereire, a report which has been contradicted. I; is even said by the Government of Spain, that there is co want of money, and that the budget which will presented to the Cort' z on ths 10th or 15th January, will show a saving of sixty millions of reals! >"ot very likely. The message of the United States president has been receive! ia England and in France with the utmost satisfaction, ea well as by all lovers of peace. Everything leads us to believe that we Eha'l not be visited by the scourge of war. It is cot my inten tion to touch upon the Prefidcn-'s message as it i will be by this time ca familiar to you as to me. I I only wish to call your attention to the fact of its ' baviog been looked upon as a bond in Europe, more especially coming at a time when everything is in a state of suspense and uncertainty. The Confeder ate cruisers and the Mexican question were causes of anxiety for both the English and the French. It is certain that the United btaies are desircue of coming to an amicable understanding with both these Euro pean powers, and France will no doubt have every opporiunity offered it cf getting out of the Mexican scrape. We shall no doubt have a convention with fill! CO. In the political world we have M. Fould to talk about; he is cutting and curtailing the expenditure right and left. His economics may be said to be that of penny wise pound foolish. One of his ia^t measures has caused much indignation; he wishes to steal a part of the Luxembourg to build upon. The present Government teems determined to com pletely destroy the beautiful palace of ilsrie de Aledicis. Such Vandalism is unpardonable: the beautiful garden of the Luxembourg with its flow ers and oraage-trees must be familiar to ell those who have been to Paris. It 13 the resort of the students of the quatlitr iatin, ivho there find the rui in urli. It is also the rendezvous of the juvenile population of the other side of the Seine. Public opinion is roused and petitions are being sent in from all parts to pray that this relic of by-gone times may not be cut up to make way forthe mono tonous buildings now the fashion. The students of most of the colleges are moving heaveu and earth to prevent the garden of the Luxembourg being taken from them. We are constantly startled in the street by the cry, " Let us save the Luxem bourg." 