A GIIOSTLY APOTIIECAR"Y. Ii was past oloven o'clock. -luxhsam was becoming very incohoront. I was tired, and yet wakeful. I think I would have given five pounds at that moment to have boon well out of the business; to have boon in bed and asleeoop in my London lodgings, secure from interruption by any possible porturbeo d spirit. Just then, we both started up with a scream; a bell in the corner of the room is which we were sitting began to ring violently. Hluxlham turned as white as a slheeot, and I fancy there was not mnuchl color int my own face at tihe momont. I took up a candle. " We must soo from what part of the house this bell is rung," I said. ]But IIuxlamm sat quite stll. I followed the direction of the boll-wire; it went out of the room, along the passae through tlhe wall at the back. EvidoentlyJT was rung by some oio outsido in the stable yard; or could it be that a bough of ivy had becomo twisted in tle wireo without, and tlhen, swaying in the wind, had so rang the bell? It was not probable, still it was pos sible. I own I felt a strong disinclination to unbar the back door and look out into thle stablo- yard, ospecially as HIuxsam, though quito sobered by his fright, seemed so little disposod to aid me or back me ui int any way. Ho remnined rooted to his seat. lowevror, I determined to be rid of the an noyance of the bell at anyrato. I should never need a bell ringing from the back of the house. I mounted ot a chaie, twristed thie wiro--it was very rusty-and snapped it. At all events, I had cut the porturbed shpirit off from that method of vexing me. All was again quiot. I mixed anothler glass of brandy and water. I began to breoathe more freely. Huxham seemed more him self. "'Well, we've stood it, both of us, very well as yet," he said. "It's lucky we're both of us good-plucked ones." We were at peace for a quarter of an hour or so. Huxham was beginning to talk of body. snatching again. Suddenly we both looked up to the ceiling. There was certainly' the noise as of some one walking up and down, up and down, ih the great room on the first floor over our heads-a heavy, solemn foot fill. "It's old Jugby's tread!" gasped Huxham with an oath (Jugby was' the name of the suicide landlord of the White Hart). "You're never going upstairs ? "I am," I said, somewhat tremulously. I took a candle, and went upstairs. I turned the handle of the door of the great room. The footsteps had ceased. The door was fastened; or rather, it seemed to me, was held by some one, or something, from within. I pushed against it, but it did not yield. Just then, there came the sharp noise5. as of the front door of the houeir slammed to violently. I ran down stairs. I found that Huxham had vanished; he had had enough of it. I could hear him running down the silent High street as fast as he could go. I waited for a moment. My heart was beating with a painful turbulence. I was tempted to imitate Huxham, and make my escape. Then I thought of our Middlesex views about ghosts; that they proceeded from the stomach, were due to disordered digestion, ganglionic disturbances, inactivity of the liver. I resolved to be true to the Middle sex theories, whatever might happen. Besides, had I not decided to make a prac tice in Noddington? I went upstairs again, the candle in one hand, the poker in the other, to smash open the door if need was. However, the door opened readily upon my touching it. The room was empty. Its aspect was entirely the same as wheh I had left it earlier in the day, except that it seemed more cold and damp and draughty than ever. Presently I found a reason for this; the window looking into the stable yard was open. Now, I was pretty certain in my own mind that when I lhad last seen it it had been closed. I glanced towards the chandelier-hook. I was, I admit, relieved at finding that the chandelier-hook had nothing hanging from it. I looked out into the stable-yard, but could see nothing, hear nothing, except that at some little dis tance a dog was baying miserably. I closed the window, but, doing so, I noticed that it was without any fastening. I went down stairs again. I felt uneasy in my mind; I couldn't satisfactorily account to myself for thle footsteps I had plainly heard. Yet, as I thought over it, I began to form a thloory on the subject; and I convinced myself that I should be no more troubled that night. I barred my door carefully, however, and after waiting an hour or two, and feeling at last a sort of superstitious comfort at hear ing an early cock crow, I went to bed, and slept tolerably. Noddington stirred itself a little concerning me on the following morn ing. But I had pre- arranged my line of conduct; I was calm, discreet, reserved. Huxlham, I found, had been setting afloat a preposterous account of his adventures; but I ignored Huxham. I averred that hle had gone home much inebriated at an early hour; and Noddington, not withstanding its desire to credit the fact that something marvellous had in truth occurred, had yet nnquestioning belief in the inebriety of its sexton. The statement that I lihad slept as sound as a top, it was much less disposed to accept. Mr. Mumford was congratulatory. He was glad to find that a sensible tenant had at last been secured for thie White Hart. Dr. Blossop was kIind enough to express his pleasure at the fact that a hard-headed London medical man had come down to Noddington to send to the right-about all the absurd fables that had been rife about the place a great deal too long. Other Noddingtonians were heard to state, that for all my brave talk I looked mighty pale. Thie RIed Lion, I may mention, was of this opinion; and he did not change hIis views probably when Iheo found me purchasing another bottle of brandy to comfort me during my second night in thle White Hart Inn. The excitement throughl Noddington during the day brought a little business to the surgery: I dispensed a blue pill and black draught, I strapped up a cut finger, and I applied some liniment to a contused wound on a child's log. I began to think that, ghost or no ghiost, I was beginning to make a practic. Towards evening, Ifound ITuxhlam eyeing me very wistfully. "I don't think I quite finishled the last story about the body-snatching," he said. It was clear his fondness foeebrandy and water pre dominated for the mos'ent even over his dread of ghosts; but I resolutely declined his companionship. When night came, I looked up thle house carefully, and lighted y my candles in the surgery, late the bar- * parlor; but I did not remain there. Leav- : ing the caudles burning, I weont up, without alight, to the great room; the window of whichl was closed. I took up my station in a corner of the room. I had the poker with me, with very vague notions as to what I intended to do with it; but it seemed to me that the possession of some sort of weapont, of offence or defence, was decidedly desirable. It had struck eleven o'clock. The time passed very slowly. It was rather miserable work waiting in that great cold, dark room for the advent of the perturbed spirit. I was sorely tempted to steal back to my surgery and refresh myself withll another dose of the lied Lion' brandy. I began to wish that I had not taken upon myself .reoscribe for thie Welito Hart glosot as a pa . It was no part of my duty to be curiig Ndddington of its haunted house. I was just deciding in my own mind that it was a pity I lhad over heard of Noddington, or ever dreatoed of settling there with the view of making a practice, when distinctly there was the sound of some one crossing the stable-yard withlout, then a curious rust ling of the ivy; a shadow darkened the win dow; then came a rush of cold night air into the room; the window opened slowly, noiselessly a log appeared, thou another, theno a whole body. A man steppod into the room. He was close to me. Stretching out my arm, I could hlave hit him with the poker; certainly I could ]lavo touclheod him. I could hear hilm breathing. Hot paused for a moment, as though to recover himself after Iis exertion of climbing into the room; then lo boeganm to walk with a firm, heavsy, solemn footfall up and down, up and down the middle of the deserted room; and it seemed to me that hle trod withll especial weight when he came to that part of the room which was over my surgery, wheoro, possibly, lhe pro sumed me to be sitting. Was I frightoned? Never mind whether I was or not. For some minutes I was certainly irresoluto as to what course I should adopt. Ono thing I was protty clear about -it was not a ghost I hlad to deal with, it was a living man. At last I mado up my mind what to do. As loe paced down the room I followed him stealthily, so that when, arriving at tihe opposite wall, lihe turned to pace again, he meot me face to face in thle darkl. IIo stopped, started, gave a scream, throw up his hands, and staggered back, falling heavily on the floor. I went up to him. The man lhad fainted. I ran down stairs, to return immediately with a candle and a tumbler of water. I throw away the poker; I had no further need for that. In a minute I was untying a stiff white cravat, and sprinkling water on the palo face of-Dr. Blossop. Presently he revived a little. "The ghost! the ghost!" lhe moaned feebly, shivering. It was clear; a spuriousgghost himself, hlie had taken mo for the genuine article, and tlhe misconcep tion had considerably disturbed his nervous system. "Sim'ilit, sismilibus, curantur," I said. "An infernal hlomoopathist!" he muttered. Even at such a moment profes sional prejudices strongly possessed him. "Nothing of the kind; as respectable an allopathist as you are; more respectabloe,, if you come to that. This is very pretty con duct, Dr. Blossop." "Don't exposo me," hie whined piteously, "thoro's a dear, good, ]rind young man. For heaven's sake-for my peeoor dear chllild." HIe was well enough presently to come down into the surgery. He was very humble and contrite; he con fessed overything: he had beeoon the ghost of the White Hart; he had climbed his garden wall, and made his way into the great room by the help of tie broken pump and the ivy; he had beeoon in the habit of walking down heavily, after the manner of Jugby the suicido--sometimes he had even brought his dog-chain, and rattled it, by way of being additionally terrible; he had rung the bell from the stable-yard. And his motive ? Well, it had arisen years back. It had then boon a matter of vast import ance to him to prevent any other medical man from settling in Noddingtou; and hlie had commenced to haunt the Vhlito Hart-the only empty house in the place. His plan had succeeded. He had kept away his rivals; he had ruled supreme for many years-Noddington's only medical man-until I had come and detected him, compelling him to give up the ghost indeed! But why, I asked, lhad le not permitted the auctioneer, the lawyor, the retired linen draper, to occupy the White Hart peace ably ? Why had he haunted them, who could prejudice or interfere with him in no possible way? Well, he was afraid sus picion would be excited, and would attach to him, if it were found that the ghost only disturbed medical men. He therefore head been compelled to treat all tenants aliko. And then he admitted that he had felt a sort of pleasant excitement in haunting the White Hart and alarming its inmates. If I only lknew how dreadfully dull Noddington was, he declared, I should appreciate the importance of obtaining entertainment in any shape. 3ut hie was prepared to confess that his conduct had boon very shameful; that he had treated me very ill-the moro so, that no real reason existod now for his desire to keep other practitioners out of Noddington. And lhe intimated that he had feathered his nest very satisfactorily that he lhad no need to fear opposition-that he was advancing in lifoe-and soon thought of retiring altogether from practice. He ended by again imploring me niot to expose him; indeed, I forgave him: I am, I fbar, absurdly good-natured; and tlhen hlo pro muised to advance my ictorosts, and to make all possible amonds. We hald a glass of brandy and water together, and became very good friends. I remained in Nodding ton; and the talk about the VWhite Hart being haunted began gradually to die away. I lhad offected a cure. Dy-and-by, Dr. 3lossop made me an offer of a partnership, and I accepted it. Sincoe then, I have been doing very well indeed. 