ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; " Give ma leave To epeak my mind."-SHAKSPEARE. The amateur performance by gentlemen connected with the press took place, as ar ranged, last Saturday night. It was a special success in every sense. The house overflowed, and that is something to boast of, considering that the priceB had been taised, and that there was also a special performance at the Theatre Boyal. Described by asomewhat threadbare, but not therefore inexpressive phrase, the house was brilliant in the extreme. Paving the honour to belong to the craft, I had for once the privilege of. the eutrSe behind the scenes, and, in fact, made-, one of the company who, backed up Mr. Charles fright when he spoke th$ address j ao$ thuB I had an excellent view of those " in/rout;" ? The sight was quite ex hilarating ; for the ladieB in the etaUs, as well aa those in the circle, being in full dress, the general effect-W&b; exceptionally agreeable. But uf the performance thus. 'Regard al together, I do notkhow when I have pern such good amateur acting j an<J, assoinepi[ \- the characters, in " London Assurance V, , the reverse of easy to deal with, the result is ? the more surprising. Sir Haroourt Courtly > Mr. Whitwoeth eeted trith «n eaBe and-selfo possession that (almost suggested a prenous ' regular connexion with the stage. Mr. Wal scab's Dazile was the dashing' gentlemanly adventurer at all points ;it" was "'neither^ ( *o|vordone nprpameit t^rcWyoff^and 1 -Walsh's . J** Ste f }t^ie exhibition .off gqntl£tnan]y: §^i^tes, hi? ( jii&turel; ^ftoip^iS^pj^ayymted with the best < feffegt', e$tyrto t|mj; |fe^a,c|ue -tp his intollK »Igtoc^.; M5; t Bn»(»> vMoiiA V it U *lnw»fc t J iimpoBribie toj^ytpo paofc Iit would h**® ? i Hep Df temftrkablb erodletabfe if Mr. Bruce' »^M'b&hbp; ^is^gdW^tfeh-y^^ ' and hid' 'PKas&m; : ww-jj better, Mr. Collier's Charies Courtly was exceedingly careful and painstaking; and Mr. Wheeler's Cool demonstrated what can really be done with a subordinate part when taken in hand by a gentleman of intelligence and discernment. Nor must I omit to award a proper share of commendation to ? the bum bailiff of Mr. Willoughby, the Martin of Mr. Britton, and last, but very far from least, the SimpEon of Mr. James Smith-Me James Smith, mind you 5 he who writes so well, lec tures so pleasantly, converses so'agreeably, and who sits enthroned in a palace of beautiful books at the back of those chambers where they talk so much and work so little. And the ladies who took . part in this per formance. Body o1 me, it was like anelectrical shock when Mrs. Lewie-olim Jiose Edouin came on; for a Melbourne audience knows right well how to welcome back an old friend, aiid Mrs. Lewis is one of the most special of our old friends, for we have had her among us Binee she waB so high (translate so into three feet). I need not tell you how well she looked, how spiritedly she acted Lady Gay, nor how eloquently she spoke the lines that were allotted to her in the epilogue, the author of which ought to have faUen desperately in love with her out of sheer gratitude, and who doubt less regarded himself as a very lucky fellow that his lines had fallenin ffuchpleasant places. Nor was the andience slow to testify how glad they were to see again the little Julia, ?who, when first she appeared at the Theatre Boyal, had just cut her -eye-teeth. Heaven knows why the managerial triumvirate does not engage her. The stage loses a good deal, and the public a good deal more, byherabsenoe. Miss Cany George was the Grace Hark awqy, and I do hot think it would have been possible to find a more charming represent ative of the character. But there was a prologue, written by Mr. Bany, and spoken by Mr. John Edwards, the younger, attoraey-at-law, and member of the Legislative Assembly j and, as I have said, there was an epilogue, the principal part of which was spoken by Mrs. Lewis; and finally, there was an address by Mr. James fimifh; delivered by Mr. Charles Bright, backed up by about thirty gentlemen, against whom the Honourable Bobadil Sullivan has a standing grievance, in that they write for their bread. Horrible crime! And the comedy, prologue, epilogue, and address being over, came the farce. It went "rattling," I heard a young gentleman say to another young gentleman, and I quite con curred in the first young gentleman's opinion, i But when you remember that Mr. John Edwards, one of the best amateur actors alive, was Grimshaw, and that he was exoel lently supported by Miss Holroyd and Miss Naylor, and that with him were associated Mr. William Levey, whom also you know to be among first- class amateurs, and Mr. Bobin son and Mr. Stark, it could not help but "rattle." In short so "rattling" has the whole affair proved, that I hear it is in con templation to repeat the performance at Bal larat, and I know not where else; so that there is every prospect of the Brooke Memorial Fund being augmented to a considerable ex tent by the press amateurs. And this result of their efforts I apprehend will be good news to everybody in the theatrical world. j ! But there were special performances at the Theatre Boyal also last Saturday. The eight hours annual demonstration took place on that day, and so after parading the city with banners more or less imposing, indulging in sporte or pastimes more or ICBB fatiguing, and consuming fluids in alTrespecta exhilarating the eight hours men wound up their fes tivities by assembling at the Theatre Royal to hear themselves pleasantly complimented in one of Mr. James Smith's perfectly-expressed and accurately pointed addressee. Everybody knows that nobody can write these addresses better than Mr. James Smith, and so far as the neatness, elegtuice, and felicitous turnB of the language employed are concerned, Ihave nothing to say thereat but what is approba tory. Moreover, aB._to__the.sentiment I am likeminded, so long as jmdo qot limit me in its application ; but if you put it straight forwardly to me, and' demand a Btraightfor ward*eply, as to whether 1 tlunk the eight . hours men have done all they tnightiduring t)b$ Jten, years they have enjoyed thia privilege,. , to deserve pretty conjpliieqnts, I unheei , t&tingly; answer, "No." For where, are the ' evidejjpee of, the mental and moral improve ment'that was 'to" come as the ^result of &e; i' leisure procured" by! ftp' iemlssifiif 6f sevewiT ihotars of ' dailjr laboirtP 'And what is the chiefuae to which thbir hall is now put ? the liall raised villi1 such a clang of tru mpets, such I iat Pr°P?M® , °f. *e9U}tfl, jImj quite aware; , that in this community, where the supremacy ?> >atad tpll them ;th& ' truth. Bull "tell it them <? nevertbMeta, and <F refpfcatJ that thbsfe a^nual idisplays of baadi^afid fi^ ^nvey 'only a -taelaiicbbly jtaeaiifcig iftheytio not sfgnify that the hours that have beenret deemed from exhausting toil-to quote their r' :oWn expressive, but not stnjly descriptive ? fphraseology^havo- heefe^put'fo beliter use > (than wordy political discussions or club-room f yoonviaUlitfes.' 8 H&fob;' fo&id; that I should . rWisbrtoi soefche* wobiiag- tnan-rcatitmgly «o ; al|/,workingan« IW j Irtioaatevn es I do. It is a ead truth that the working, classcs in this colony are steadily antagonists - .to the educated classes, the reason being that they themselves are not educated, and apparently do not desire to be. They have succeeded in obtaining the full measure of political power, and they cannot understand why BOcial influence has not accompanied it. They have entirely themselves to blame that it has not gone pari passu ; and until they can comprehend that the soiled workman may ialso lie the educated gentleman, they will never completely work out their emancipa* tion. Last Monday was St. George's Day, and if; was, as I need hardly remark, Sliakspeare's birth-day and his death-day. And thus it is I nothing surprising that Mr. Hoskins should i have determined to give commemorative per* formances at the Theatre Royal. I do not; like selections of plays, however well they may be performed, for you no sooner begin to be interested than the wliole- is at an end. Of course there was a kind of appropriateness in giving as much of Shakepeare as possible, and of letting one see him in as many different aspects, as the time permitted. Nevertheless, with scenes from " The Tempest," " Macbeth/* and "Much Ado About Nothing," it was difficult hot to mil thfcm up in a way very bewilder ing. I tried to imagine the state of mind of those present who had never seen any of Bhakspeare's plays; and with all our boasted enthusiasm about the "great bard," "the Swan of Avon," " the prince of dramatists," bnd' that sort of high-sounding worship which very often means nothing at all, there are hundreds of thousands of people speaking and writing the English tongue, as Mr. Murray remarks, with propriety, who never either read or saw a Shaksperian play; and to such a one I daresay the per formance of "Monday night would be a little confusing. He is possibly at this moment in doubt as to whether Caliban or Benedick murdered King Duncan; or whether Claudio eventually married Miranda; or Dogberry took Macbeth into custody; or the white faced friar in " Much Ado About Nothing'* was Banquo's ghost; or which was Hero, and which Miranda, or whether- the two were not sisters greatly resembling each other. But however much bewildered he might be in the identity of the characters, he would have no doubt in testifying to the excellence of a great many of them as they were performed. But especially would he testify, if he possessed any judgment at all, to the remarkable merit of the essay so well delivered by Mr. Hoskins,. generally upon Shakspeare, and particularly upon Yorick. He might possibly ask him self whether he might not be fkmiliar with some parts of it; but if asked to pronounce on its abstract merits, he would with the utmost promptitude-always, as I said before, if he possessed any judgment at all-inform you that nothing could have been in better ' taste, nor clothed in more suitable language,, nor delivered with more careful attention to elocutionary requirements. There was'a time when the circus was the leading attraction in this city, and when the regular drama played a subordinate part, albeit the drama proper was performed with in walls of stone, and the drama equestrian was roofed in with canvas. In those days people used to think if the circus could only be provided with a permanent structure foe its habitation, it would take root as one of the most enduring of our institutions. Curiously enough, however, the decadence of the equestrian drama appears to date from the opening of the permanent structure that was raised in seeming obedience to the popular wish; and when " Astley V' amphitheatre was transformed, after some intermediate phases of existence, into the Princess's, the circus lost its local habitation, and has, since that time, dwelt only in tents, or been permitted a temporary occupancy of the stage, an ar rangement which is never entirely satisfactory,, for association is in favour of having horses and their spangled riders close under one's nose. And this may perhaps account for the fact that during the last nine or ten years equestrian amusements have not been a com plete success in this city. We never seem to get perfectly used to them ; they go away just when we are becoming familiarized with them. Howe's of old was different. The members of that company were each in their way social institutions. Young Raphael was a sort of pet, and when he rode down Bourke-street on a pony, which, by the way, became less creditably illustrious afterwards, the boys reminded each other that that was " Young Bayphyel." And there was Yeamana, whose jokes, though all of the familiar sort, were looked upon as marvellously witty in their way; and as to Mrs. Yeamans, she used to put susceptible young men into ecstacies of delight when she careered round the ring in what the bills technically used to term her " pleasing act." And there was poor Tom Nunn, too, prince of ring-masters, whom everybody loved exceedingly 5 a rare fellow and a merry, with ope of the best hearts that ever beat in ait Englishman's bosom. Poor Tom.' honest, genial, ecoentric, moBt excellent Tom!; If the circus had brought us nothing else .than him I should feel kindly towards it. Somehon, these thoughts of" the1 past always come back to me when the* "ihorse-riders" visit us, and thus they bav» occurred to me in connexion with the adyent of Messrs. Cooke, Zoyara, and Wilson, witk ' their " galaxy of talent totally without : pfuialleJ," as vide bills pastim% and when I gay pasttm, it is to be takta in its literal «ense, for this, city has been illu»tr»ted for the Jut' fortnight with; aore^ iof brilliantly coloured pictures ,-of, * homey jnules, men,, wbmen, and clowns, !u &n.eartB; of bewildering; . attitudes. T6 ooDfesB' fliB, Iphith, the actual performance^ oome tt ^gobcl deal neater, tfa» ? illustrations than is' usually the oase. The : 1tj>re$# »fe veryjane.pafctlfi, Hi* equestrienne*, . tliough no^M^M^^^H^^ as thfr singu larly pWer, gnuMijU, and, |n m equestrienne The iunibUngj, fieOpty tuniore Hb(H£Bjb)|lV weti," ^6umJJw^tw tl an thte'-I^ton tonipe ; and the ^wti* le ist a novelty, -though to his being ? qi itp-fOnatfracttto ioi titer antdtifcnde-?W i s» ainB^yjc«<w ctown it i?j$pea. tai qneitftiu it 