MAJOR. HERVEY'S WEDDING; OR TIl? COLONEL'S DAU(IGHTER. - (. D. Fenton, in Oce a-Wecek.) "So the colonel's daughter has come, and is, .they say, stunning." "'Trust you to find out a pretty girl, Vivian," laughed a brother soldier. "Now I've seen her, too, and I don't ogree with you ; she's too white and lackadaisical for stunning to express. Stunning, as I take it, means a jolly, larky, don't-care sort of girl, who'll dance you down in the dcreu temps, ride you down in the hunting-field, and box your ears if you are impertinent." "That's the sort of girl you cubtivate in Yorkshire," said a handsome light- haired man, whose half-closed eyes, and down-droop. ing moustache, were quite in character with his languid drawl and loose, lazy motion of his limbs. " When we were quartered in York I was nearly married by one of yoar stunning girls; and only escaped by running away with a girl from a boarding-school. Fact, I assure you. She and I struck up an acquaintance at a Christian propagation meeting. What the deuce are you fellows laughing at? They have meetings very often in York-a lot of parsons talk, and a lot of old women and boarding-schools come to listen. I went for a lark, and got sold. The girl was lovely. She- By Jove! who's that?" He was sitting by the open window, and past it a party were riding. "Beatrice Meynell!" said Vivian; "the very girl we've been talking of." "By Jove!" repeated the fair man, a drimson tide of colour rushing to his face. The other stared. " Well, what's up, Carter ? Going to have a fit of apoplexy ? or struck with love at first sight?" But -Carter did not seem to see the joke. He neither answered or laughed. The flush passed away again, leaving him as pale as a ghost, and rising, he stammered "I am out of sorts; that champagne Croft gave us poisoned me. I'll turn into the mess and get some brandy. No, no, Topham, stay there. I am all right; only shaky." And waving Mr. Topham back, he walked off, leaving the men ie had been talking to look ing after him gloomily enough, for in an Indian climate death dogs a man like his shadow; and any unusual signs hoisted by Dome Nature are apt to beget a propor tionate amount of apprehension. " He lives too hard," said Topham. "Poor fellow ! No man could last at the pace. He'd much better go in for leave and cut this beastly country, or it'll give him what it's given many a poor fellow, six foot of landed property." "Nonsense! he's as strong as you are. Take a couple of pipes off him, and he'll be as steady as a judge. I don't know what you fellows are going to do; I'll go and leave a card at the chief's." The others laughed; and Mr. Topham put ting his arm through Vivian's, said "All right; a fair start and no favour. Come along, old boy. She sits her horse like a brick, in spite of her die-away face." There was a poor gathering that evening at mess. A dinner at the colonel's thinned their ranks, and Carter was reported to be ailing, some one added, "a touch of fever," which turned out to be the case, for the doctor, being called away, came back in about half an hour, and, with a grave face, announced the adjutant de cidedly ill, and just in a way that might become dangerous, or even worse, at any moment. Carter was a popular man; and a gloom settled down upon those who heard the sad news, two or three going to the door of his quarters with the doctor and wait ing there for another report. This, unhappily, was worse. Delirium had come on; the poor fellow was raving, and death was fighting for his prey. "Run over and ask the colonel to come and take charge of his papers," whispered the doctor to one of the men; "he won't last six hours." The colonel came and sealed up some letters lying about, placed them in a desk, the key of which he put in his pocket. "Is there no hope, doctor?" he asked; look ing at Carter, who was lying, muttering in cessantly, shuddering, and clutching with his hands. "I never say that, sir," said Dr. Lewis, "but I am afraid to hope here." "Poor young fellow! " and the colonel laid his hand on the sick man's burning fore head. "A fine, young, soldier-like man, too; only one who knew his work. A more in fernal set of bunglers I never came across. Poor lad, poor lad ! " The colonel took his departure; but in crossing the compound bethought him, that these same bunglers might not know the funeral service: so, stopping a soldier, he sent him for the sergeant on duty, and ordered the men to be told off fbr funeral parade. The man hesitated. "Well, what is it ?" asked the colonel impatiently. "Don't they know their work?" " Well, sir, I am afraid- " "D- your afraid," growled his command ing oficer. "Call them out now and parade them, drums and fifes, too. By Jove! I'll teach them to know their ditty before I've done with them," and the colonel walked home and turned in, pretty considerably "riled," as our Yankee friend would say. Meantime the fever had worn itself out; and the sick man was lying prostrate, ex hausted, and with a weak, fluttering pulse, just tottering upon the brink of that bourne from which no traveller returns. The night was like most nights in the hot season, intensely still, the sulky growl of a Pariah dog now and then only breaking the silence. The doctor had taken off his coat, and opened every available aperture to let in air; the punkas were moving steadily, but noise lessly, and Carter lay stretched on his back, his face pallid and drawn, his eyes closed, and no sound of life issuing from his parched lips. Suddenly, shrill and inexpressibly sad, the notes of the funeral march rang out on the still air, rising, falling, note by note, in solemn measure. For a while no change came over Carter's face, no symptom that the sound had reached his ears: and after watching for a few seconds the doctor drew hack, filly impressedwith the conviction that death was there at last, and he was turning away, when a bright idea struck him. If he could only excite the sinking pulse, and induce nature to exert her self, she might yet have a tussle with death, so, going up to the bed, he said cheerily " D'ye hear the music, Carter, old boy ? " Carter's eyes opened, but with such a weak, perplexed look in them that the doctor, thinking that delirium was returning, hall regretted his experiment; still he was in for it, and went boldly on. "It's your funeral they're parading for, Dick; sure, if you don't make an effort, they'll bury you in spite of me. The colonel was here just now, and took leave of you. Indeed now, you must rouse tp and turn the tables on the old fool; he's given us cheek enough since ha joined." The expression on the sick man's face changed, a faint smile quivered across his lips, followed by a look of inexpressible relief. "I thought it was all over," the whispered, almost inaudibly; "but we'll cheat them yet." And sure enough he did. "Whit hour did the adjutant go off?"'' asked the colonel, in a subdued voice, as Vivian sauntered in to early tea. " le began to mend at midnight, sir, and was sitting up walking in to cold chicken and sherry when I left him ten minutes since. It's not often a man can say he's listened to his own funeral parade." Then there was plenty of laughling, and the colonel was the only one who did not relish the joke, and heartily glad was he when Car ter applied for leave to England, sending up his requisition with a strong recommendation; for be hoped that by thus getting rid of the principal nactor, he might banish th'e story from men's mouths. Carter never showed his face out of Ihis quarters until he got into his palanquin, to be conveyed away on furlough. " You've left 'Is without a sight of the beauty," sighed Vivian, who, according to his wont, had been going through the various phases of love fever, and had jest then renched its zenith. " She's perfect and quite inter ested in you ! " "The devil she is!" gasped Carter. " Bearer, go on. Good-by, old fellow. God bless you nil. You won't catch me among jungles and joopons again in a hurry. I-Iur rah for old England! may we all meet these soon." "Good-by, good luck to you! and three cheers for old England, God blsaa her !" cried several voices. So with kind words, ringing cheers, and no small amount of envy, Dick Carter turned his lace away from Meerut, devoutly hoping he might never hear more of his life there than was pleasant. CIHAPTER II. There was a dinner party at the resident magistrate's that night, and of course the colonel and his daughter were there, the latter the centre of attraction. Vivian, who had, according to his own mind, been making some progress with the pale, quiet beauty, was thrown into despair; a brother of the judge's wife, a certain Major Hervey, had just returned to India after a long leave, and had taken Meernt on his way to the head quarters of his regiment. Hervey was one of those modern Crichtons one meets with now and then, perfect, or as nearly perfect as human nature can be, in everything he under took. A hero In the service, irresistible, so gossip affirmed, in the drawing-room, a dead shot in the jungle, well read and necom plished, good- looking and rich. What would you have more? With all these things, one might conclude Hervey's a happy lot, but there is no life without its alloy. Hervey had been touched in the most vulner able point; he had married, but the marriage had been unfortunate; and after three years' separation, he had gone home just in time to stand by the unhappy woman's death-bed, and forgive her the wrong she had done him. One child only she left, and this boy he had brought out to India to share his sister's When Beatrice Meynell reached the station, Mrs. Masters at once settled that she was the very wife for her brother, and never settled until she had secured the girl's friendship, interesting her as much as possible in her brother, by telling, with a sieter's prejudice, the sad story of his marriage. Indian society is much more of a family sort than English, and the most private affairs soon leak out; so it was well known in the 'tation that Beatrice was booked for Major Hervey. lMuch speculation was afloat; and when they met in the judge's drawing room, many eyes watched them with no small amount of envy. "Do you like India, Miss Meynell?" asked Harvey, when the introduction having been made he took a vacant chair by her side. " Not yet," was the answer, and the sad eyes rose to meet his, with a world of feeling lying hid in their brown depths-feeling totally unconnected with the words that were spoken almost mechanically. Eyes that were full of unshed tears, and hid themselves away under their long thick veil of lashes, as if ofraid lest they might betray some secret. They had a strange effect upon HIervey as be looked back into them; and he scarcely heard the common-place answer the lips gave to his common-place question. "Not yet, but I may do so. It is so different, and I led such a quiet, lonely life in England," " Do you ride ? " "Oh yes ! it is the only thing I care for," and a faint blush came over her faen. " nBut I do not think riding along what you call the Mall worth mounting for." " You like going across country, perhaps?" The major looked at the slender wrists, and wondered what power they could exercise over a bridle; as he looked, he was conscious that a deep crimson rushed over the girl's face, and that her eyes fixed themselves on him with an expression of intense fear. He was interested and perplexed, he scarcely know whether agreeably or not, and in the middle of his agitation she asked "Are you fond of hunting, Major Hervey? " "Very, it is one of the many hardships of soldiering out here, that we have no such glorious sport." " Have you ever hunted in Yorkshire ?" "No: I do not know Yorkshire at all, Gloucester is my county, and the Duke'a hounds saw my training. But if you don't like the Mall, why don't you ride early and have a gallop into the country ?" "So I do, when papa will go." And the Colonel, coming up at this junc ture, said "I wish you'd do duty for me, Hlrvey; riding at her pace don't suit my old bones." "I shall be delighted, if Mies Meynoll will accept my escort." Beatrice bowed. Vivian, who wns looking on swore she blished, and ivwont off to the other end of the room to offer Captain Batchelor ten to two that Hlervey married Beatrice in a month. By which it will be seen that Mr. Vivian's matrimonial hopes being on the decline, he was willing to make a compromise wi:h his heart, and if he could not win a wife at least win something. The dinner party on the whole was a suc cess. Beatrice had talked more than usaal, and Hervey had scarcely left her side all the evening, so that there was some excuse for Mrs. MIasters' triumph. When she and her brother were alone shabe asked "-How do you like Beatrice, Charley ?" " I don't know." "Don't know ! " she exclaimed. "Why you flirted with her all night. You surely can tell me if yvo like her?" "Silo is a very peculiar girl," he answered dretamily. "Surely you think her pretty ?" "0! yes, more; beautiful I think; what is her story ? " "Story ! " laughed Mrs. Masters. " Story, sir, God bless yoit, I've none to tell; what story can a girl of eighteen, never out of a schoolroom, have? What strange fancies you men take." "lMaybe," replied Ilervey, " but that does not alter the case. Miss Meynell has a story and a painful one, too." " How absurd you are, Charley I Now here have I been moving heaven and earth to bring you and Beatrice together; and directly you meet her you take it into your head that she has done sorething dreadful." " I did not say so, Mary." " Well, tean, suffered something ?" " Not that either; you see you think with me, for you've hit upon the very idea that came into my hend when I looked into those marvellous eyes of hers-you've given form to my very thoughts. Don't be vexed, deor; I tmn puzzled by her. I like her; and what's more, I'll either fall madly in love with her or else I'll- But never mind now; good night; don't tell your good man what I've said-two heads are enough. I'll know in f rty-eight hourst which way the stream will run, and if I say I am going you'll know how I feel. If I stay I'll trust to you to help me." With which arrangement lMrs. Masters was fain to be content. In two days her brother came to her "Mary, will you put me tip for a month?" "Of course I will. Oh! I am so glad; I've hardly dared to move in case I bothered you or came in your way. And so it's all right, and Beatrice will have you ?" Hervey smiled. " I've not asked her yet; but I'll have her if I can get her." "Story and all ?" said Mrs. Masters mis chievously. A dark frown, followed by a look of pain, came over Hervey's faee. "Don't say that again, Mary, or hint at such a thing. I was a fool to say it to you; a fool to let such absurd suspicions enter my bend; and I'd be worse than a fool if I suf fered any such childish fancy to come between me and such an angel as she is." Bat in spite of Major Hervey's assertions he did think of his first impression; and in very dread lest he shotld be tempted to give way in any greater degree to what he told himself was a cruel and unwarrantable preju dice, ie ettienuously avoided any reference to her life in England. In spite of the approval of the colonel and Beatrice's aunt, the major's wooing made but slow progress. Beatrice was inexplicable. Every now and then she would brighten up, and Hervey for a brief hour or two would think himself in the ante-chamber of Paradise itself; then a change would come, and she would shrink back as if afraid of trusting herself or her happiness. Again and again she refused to marry him, and again and again, growing desperate, he begged her to tell him her reason, until worn out by his passion and the expostulations of her father and aunt, she at length consented to become his wife. Anxious to rouse Beatrice, Hervey had exerted himself to make the wedding a gala day for the station ; he had consulted her in all his arrangements and plans, and only seemed to live to give her pleasure and homage; but still there was the old, and, frightened look, and sometimes, even, he fancied it grew more intense; so that, bright and joyous as the wedding-day was to others, many wondering looks were cast upon the pale mournful bride-looks which could not escape Hervey's notice, and roused a feeling almost approaching to anger against her he had won in spite of herselft The mail came in as the wedding party were assembled at breakfiast: and, bringing three or four letters to Beatrice, her aunt aInghingly advised her to read them belfore leaving, as she had no right to call herself Miss when she started life as a married woman. B3ut Beatrice thrust them into her pocket, saying she would read them on the journey, which, having to be accomplished by palanquin, was necessarily a lonely one. And in about two hours, the preparations for the journey being complete, Beatrice was placed in her palanquin. Hervey got into his, and they started for a bungalow about seven miles away. Evening is but a short period in India; night follows day at a rapid pace: and almost immediately after a gorgeous sunset darkness fell upon the face of the earth, and the flaring torches carried by the bearers were all that lit the road. Inside Beatrice's palanquin was an oil lamp; and by the light of this she took out her letters. The first was from a school friend, and she put that aside; the second was like unto it, and this too, might wait; the third lay with its seal up; she turned it over and a sudden spasm contracted her hand. "O! my God ! too late." For a long time she lay there staring with horror-stricken eyes tit the well-known writ ing, though the poor wild eyes saw nothing there, but were looking away into the pasr, and on the sinfol, terrible future. She had I'ought against this; she had feared it hourly, until, led on by weakness and despair, she had striven against conscience. In its turn conscience had ceased to speak, and she had almost forgotten what it meant, until the superscription on the back of the letter woke it up. At last she broke the seal. There was a long letter inside, and she read it slowly through, pausing noew and then to repeat a passage, as if the meaning would not enter into her brain clearly enough. At lust it was all read, and a strange change had come over the girl's face. There was no fear, no doubt, no uncertainty there now; only a hard, des perate, set expression, a feverish sparkle in the fuill eyes. "'l'here is not a minute to lone," s?te said, as if speaoking to herself: and stopping the hearers, she called the head man to her. He canme forward and listened with immovable eatures, tas in at low eager voice she urged something; long and earnestly she sploke, but there came no sign until she dragged forth a dressing-case, and pulling out a hand fiul of glittering jewels thrust them forward. The man's eyes gleamed. "It is dangerous," ho said; "but I will obey." Then he spoke to the other man, and the palanquin proceeded about half a mile. Here they stopped again, and the man pointed out a hnt. " I can conceal you there for a day or two; butt as I dtare not go back to Meelrut you mustr take me with you. I will see you safe to Calcutta; the Sahib will know how to reward such service." CIIAPT'TR III. When Harvev'H palanquin stopped at the bungalow, lie looked in vain for the lights of that containingl Iis bride. The plain was covered by jangle, so perlhops they were only hidden, Ind for oeen little time no feeling of apprehension entered his mind; but hIving waited nearly hallf an hour, and s'ill no sign appearing, he grew anxious, and ordxring hi;s men to accoompiny himn, went bnck. Presently a native came up, his turban off, hi clothIs torn and stained with blood; falling on his knees, he howled out a horriblo story how they had been set upon by robbers, who lnad slain the good bearer while attempting to defend the lady, antid how, after much tilghting and rivers of blood, tie (tilm wretched speaker) only escalped to tell tile tnlo. IIailf- tiiioddexned with horror, IIervey daished back. The ilanxlquin lay nt thll ronads de, completely sacked-tllo vetry lining ripped up in soarch of hidden trea-nre, and with inmark of Ilhody fingers everywhere. There was notlting to Iet done but to hasten back to onntonments with the tale, the horror and mystery of which pnarailysexd the little plixce. The country was diligently searclhed; several natives were tuken up on sutlicion, but nothing transpired; no traces of the bodies of either the hextd benarer or Dontrice could be discovered, and a shocking whisper got abroad thalt they must have been enton by tigers, the jungle being just then full of these animals. As long as even the vainest hope remnained of any clue being discovered to elncidate the mystery, or bring tlhe per patrators to lustice, Ml.jor I?ervey seemed nerved for any amount of suffering or work; but when several months had gone by, when the country had been thoroughly nearched, and the enormous rewards offered for tidings of the crime remained unclaimed, hope deserted him. He had a long interview with leatrice's father, and then left India for ever, taking home with him his boy. When HIIervey was gone, the end story gradually ceased to be spoken of save now and then as one of those tragedies that cast a blight upon the faio of society, and attach a horrible interest to some locality or family. Hervoy did not stay in England. There was no rest for one such as he, and for nearly ten years he wandered on the face of the earth -lion shooting in Africa, seal spearing among the Eqauimaux, and buffalo hunting on the wide prairies of America; and, then, when ten years had risen up between him and his lost love, he came back to civilisation a wiser and far more earnest, if not a better man. It was summer time when he reached London. The season was at its height, and, to a man long used to roughing it with half clothed savages, the world of London had an almost magical effect. He went down to Eton and saw his boy; then came back to town and took lodgings for a month, not to look up any of his old friends, but to look on at the whirl and paneantry of life. Ten years make a wonderful change in the face of sneciety, and thin the ranks of old friends. Faces we hove loved ore missing, faces we knew so well are changed ; age has slampdi some, care others, and sin or sorrow hans beaten out the fair bright hopes and beauty from many a one we last saw standing eager upon the threshold of life. Some few faces Hervey recognised as be took his favorite stand by the rails along "the row," and it was while leaning over these one day that his fate came to him. A lady rode past, and as she passed she turned. 1Ier full feee was towards him for a moment; then a mist came before his eyes, a cold tremor paralysed his limbs. It was his lost wife. He knew her at once. Death made no oblstae!, years no differelnce, mystery none! His very being recognised her, and nature itself stood amazed. For a time all power of thought seemed lost. He held on to the rail with a blind sort of instinct, and kept his face turned the way she had gone with a vague thought that she would return. And thus he stood, until a hand touched his shoulder, and a man, who had been standing by him, said "You are ill, sir. Let me get you a cab." Hervey started, and mane a faint effort to bring his mind back to its usual power. "Thank you," he stammered, "I am not yes, I believe I am ill. If you will be so kind," le began fumbling in his pocket for a card. "I have had a strange adventure. The dead has comne to life. I-but I am wander ing. Don't mind nme." Without any remark, the man who had offered his assistance took Hervey'e arm, and leading him to the nearest gate, hailed it oab. " Mly card," said I-Iervey, getting hold of his pocket-book, but unable to open it, with fingers trembling as his were. , The stranger (or Samaritan, bfor hbe was one surely) opened it, and taking a card, gave it to the cabnman. "I'll go with you," he said, jumping in after Hervey, "I owe you as much," and then was silent. Hervey sitting bolt up. right, with a trembling white set face, and with every nerve trembling. " I will come to-morrow and see how you nre," said his companion, as they stopped lat the door of his lodging. " Here is my card." On the card Hervey read with a vague notion of having seen the name somewhere before " Colonel Richard Carter." Next day Colonel Carter kept his promise and called. Hervey was better, Hle had reasoned, and almost induced himself to be. lievo that the supposed recognition of the preceding day wa the effoect of one of those marvellous likenesses one anmetime seos, corn hined with a nervous and diseased imagina tion. " I have long wiched to see you, Major Elervey," were the first, words Colonel Carter said, "and for a purpose; you will hardly thank me; for I have a story to tell you-my own srory. You must not think me mad be fore you hear what I have to Aay. Provi dence throw me in your way yesterday, anti neither you nor I can avoid such a power. My story is this- Years ago, when I was quartered in York, I managed to make the acquaintance of a girl who was at a boarding. school there. We were very much in love with each other, and kept up a correspond once. At Christmas site went to spend the holildays with some firiends. I followed her tdown, and met her in tie hunting-field. We arranged overything there, and as soon as site got Ieeck to school shie Ielopd with me." HIervey lihd started forward as he spoke of the hunting-field and Yorkshire; and then, dropping his fCico on his clasped arms, he leaned upon the ttable, making no fturlther sign while the strange story was being told. " We were married at a village church and went to London! t he mistress of the bonrding achool tunced us, andt incisted upon Beatrice goinlg hack with her, offlhring anything if we woutl consent to the separation only for a short time, in order that abe might not he blamed by my wife'y fitlher, or bring such scandal and ruin upon her school. I was a selfishl conceited fool ; I had spent all the money I could get on the trip to London, and began to tlhink I had made a mess of it. The woman had great powers of peralnstion, and her own interest was at work ; she tohl me privately the marriage was not legal ; I believed her, and suftfered her to take Beatrice away, knowing that she meant to tell her the same story'. "I rejoined my regiment, and told myself that I was a lucky fellow to esenpa from such a mess so easily, and that Beatrice would forget all about me, or only think me ton great a blackguard to care for. I went to India, and was at M-- when Meynoll's daughter carne out; strange as you may think it, the coincidence of the name had never struck me, and it was only on seeing her ride past the mess-room one morning that I knew who she was. " I was still a coward, and while debating what to do, a lucky attack of fever decided my course. I started for England without seeing her again, or being seen by her, and, as she did not know me by my real name, there was no danger of her recognising me in any way but bly sight. I got down to Cal cutta; but all the way down my conscience was at work ; what with that and the journey, I was down in fever again directly I arrived. So the steamer had to sail without me, and I lay there tossing and raving for a fortnight; all tile power of evil fighting against the wild longing that had come over me to go back to Beatrice and behave like an honest man, for I knew by this time that our marriage was legal enough in the sight of the Almighty. The first thing I heard when I got on my legs, was that you were to marry her; and then, driven to my wits' ends to save her and myself, wrote, claiming her as my wife, bidding her come down to mne, and risk anything rather than marry you. That letter reached her the day of her marriage; eho retatl it in the palanrqun, an(t taking tle hend benrer into liher confidence, threw herself on his mercy to save lier. They hove lively imaginations, these fellows, and touched by her bribes he planned the story of the robbers, the fight, and the carrying of the bodies, and while the country around was being searched brought her down to Calcutta, disguised as a native woman." " And I saw her yesterday in the park," groaned Hervey, without lifting bis head. "Yes, I was standing by at the time. I have wished year after y'ear to meet you; many a time I've determined to write to you, but then I did not know whether the thought that she was really dead might not be a happier one than the reality. Beatrice thought so. I will not press you now, Major Hervey; but, if you wish it, I can not tell you how glad I shall be to see you again, or give you any explanation you wish; but when you think of all the misery we've brought upon yon, will you try and remember one thing, Ihat- lilackglnrd as I was when I married her-as I was when I fled from her and denied her-as I was when I let her bear her secret alone-I was not bad enough to let her become your wife? and I tell you before God, that since the day she came down to me at Calcutta, I have been an altered man; that, saving the one great sorrow ot the misery she had worked for you (her father died long ago), we have been happy." Hervey lifted his fiice. " Will she see me, do you think ? " In an instant C.,lonel Crrter's hand was on the other's shoulder. " See you, Hervey! God b!eas you for a good fellow. See you? Yes, any day, if you'll see her." Hervey nodded and held out his hand, and, taking tlhe hint, Colonel CGarter grasped it hard in his, and left him. A month or two afterwards a group, of men were standing in the window of the Rag. "There goes HIervy, as irresistible as ever," said one. " If I was Carter, I'd look slharper after such a pretty wife." " No you would'nt," said Major Topham. "You don't know the atory; it is a regular romance. I wish some lier,'ary fellow would make it into a book. It only came out this summer, and made us all stare, I can tell you, for we thought she was dead-murdered by robbers and eaten up by tigers. Yes, don't laugh ; come along to the smoking room, and I'll tell you the story." As he told me the story, so I now tell it my readers. 