-^THURSDAY MORNING/ NOV. 8, 18GG. Tastus ;are two questions concerning dogs which - are now : occupying the attention; of the public, vahd "they 'are both extraordinary in- their way. They show to what a very low level the scrip ture. and the law may be reduced in a colony.... The ■■- ghosts • of' Burns* '• Twa dogs," who; had "frisked owre stanes and, hillocks " together, could not have held more critical discourse over the downfal of human nature, than is sug gested by the two instances before us. In the one, a clergyman of the Church of England interrupted the service, on the Sabbath, and 1 ft his tea ling desk to break.up the bones of a small cur which ha'd snapped at his wife, (tie, dog, or clergyman, appears to have done this between the Exhortation and Absolu tion.) In the other, a coroner, called upon by the laws of his country to en quire into tile cause of death of a man about whose end there was some doubt and mystery, and whose almost lifeless body was found carefully watched over by a faithful cur, suggested that the contents of the stomach of the master should be given to the animal, in ■ .rder to determine the presence of poison and to save the expense of a chemical analysis. Vi e do not ki.ow which (must «'u say who?) is the greater genius of the two—ihe llev. C. Booth the Episcopalian pas'Or of Wangaratta, or i)r ioisTra: Sn. W 'he Coroner of Gee long. Mr Booth aj pears to be the bolder genius of the two. He broke the 1 gs of the dog in tl e presence of the congregation, while men sickened aad women fainted. " Ihe repeated •' attempts of the reverend gentle ". nnn to break the dog's legs, ' which he held in his hands, (md his " at last succeeding, while the crush of ""the broken bones lesounded through " the church attracted the horrified " notice of the congregation. And when "it was seen what lie had done,-the " piteous cries of the poor maimed animal resounded in unison with the " exclamations of horror and " disgust," " which instinctively escaped from all " present. Several females, we are told, i" who witnessed the horrid affair were " rendered quite sick at the sight, and " many of both sexes quitted the church • " horrified at tlie scene they had wit " nesspd."- ' Ur Shaw's-achievement appears :to have " been a kind"of second hand exercise of the judicial function with which he is entrusted. H'e: did not superintend the trial, but lie directed •i suburiiinate professional officer to ad; m nister the stomach test, "to save expense to the country" whiie he ad journed the inquiry, (which by the way, it must be stated, was oertai..ly. adding to. his fc s) and saved the public the rtvllihiMnn nf frlw* A,vmnit.lnff tT i unsavoury repast of tlie last : fatal meal of its master, aud dying in i the effort. '1 his was coi fi ltd to the pol ce. fhe public were not invited to I ■witness the melodrama and to join in the | ' Te Deurn Laudamus -hortly afterwards., as ill the 15 umi case. And yet .we cannot cell which was the more orthodox of ti.e ] two—the (Jlerk or the Coroner, both state servants, • by-tho bye, paid. by a '•cosmopolitan" government to iid-i| minister after their kind to the en lightenment and security of the people, here and hereafter. The Bishop in the one instance and the '.Minister of Justice in the other will determine what enquiries are to be made into these two mo leru instances >;pf Colonial administration of the common [ law of religion and morally. .. In their hands we must leave them until further evidence is given and the opportunity is offered to the de linquents of explaining their conduct. TitRREis a great want, in Victoria in one I article of food—fish—which is the source | of c .nstant discussion in the family circle, "ur supply, even in this favored spot, is interroittaut and uncertain. " Our se-j lection is restricted at all times, and is reduced on occasions to flat-head, and. nothing else ; and yet we are surrounded by magnificent cold seas, especially-on the southern coast, in which the: finny tribe must be found in profusion. It bus been ascertained by the observations of rho current century, that the: ■ best fish, those most acceptable in the kitchen j and on the dinner table abound in the colder waters where the isotlieunial lines I bring up the seas fresh front the Arctic 'and Antarctic regions. There are no really good fish m the tropics, such as those in which the frugal housewife delights, but the northern seas abound with varieties each excellent in its pecu liar quality, and affording a cheap and : wholesome sustenance to masses' ,of I the people.- Here, after we have n>mcd the barracouta, the schuapper, and the flat-head, we cease to deal wi h the public question and find ourselves expatiating on luxuries, only.'within the J reach of the rich. There have been several attempts to explore the unknown resources of our | waters, ■ but they have all failed, from some cause or other.Companies have been - formed which have commenced operations .with a flourish,/but which have been ultimately- wound up. Yet we have every evidence of the pro lificacy of the Southern V'cean in the occasional shoals , which make their way into our inner harbors, the mackerel aud the h-rnng have been taken in large q......mo., two years, the one to the north of the Continent, the other to the south. The sardine is to be seen in abundance in the rapid stream of be Straits, and yet nothing- has been brought home to our use. - . Without doubt a fine fieid lies open to the enter prise of the experienced: fisherman, if he were • only possessed of the means and the energy and experience to use them. We have recently shown in extracts from scientific journals what has been done in Frauce and: England by the culture of the salmon and oyster. Surely something might be done here with re gard to the nrolusk. We have a fine ] bay with the waters so far under control that we can tell within a few inches what will be the rise and fall of the tide/ | We have the quietude which the " native" delights in, and] yet we ,are ] making no attempts to utilise our. re sources. Our supply at present is drawn from the rapidly diminishing beds of the Northern rivers of the Continent, and in a few years .it may die out altogether. It certainly is true that something more than mere scheming should be initiated by bur fishermen, or the public may acquire a taste for the imported article, which no ultimate pro tection to native fisheries will ever be able to remove. 