® clcgrapij IcSntclUgcnce. " Per gfteville AND BiRD,.BeuTJ!R'S AaiSNTS. IPSWICH BACKS. Thursday Evening. The Lodgov won by Kildavo. Tlio Queen's Plato by Tall Tall, Forrostor 2. 'I'lio Princo of Wales Stakes by Onicnra, Quadrant 2. Wednesday. Corinthian Stakes. — Shamrock 1, Grasshopper 2 Tho North Australian Plato. — Nonsuch 1, Forrester 2\. Won easily by two lengths. Hauk Back. — Bis. patch. Handicap.- — Premier 1, Omoara 2, Chanco 3- Consolation Stakos. — Young Stranger 1, Miss Horivood 2\. Forced Handicap. — Quadrant 1, Forrostor 2. Tho Exhibition open for a few days longer. The Bev. Mr. Wright—' Wrong.— Mr. Wright' conduct forcibly reminds us of tho man who got a reputation for wisdom until ho opoucd his mouth with "them's the jockeys for mo," as I ho dumplins followed tho meat — his safety lay in his silence. So it is with tlio reverend gentleman, who seems quite to forget that n shoot of paper is tho crucible of tho brain, the Alembic on wliieli onr intellectual stores aro distilled. There lio nindo his mistake loo, ami in his letter ol' tho 31st March, was delivered of a very considerable amount of insincerity and very bad English. Oirthat dalo ho ossuros tlio Church Council that " his sym pathies aro most thoroughly with them, tiuit lip bus the fullest confidence in its organisation and principles, that lio owes Lho.m a debt of grutitudo for attending to that dopartmcnt of tho administration in tlpi church allhirs which tho Apostles wero thankful to get rid of," Howovcr tho rev. gcntlcmau's memory, winch appears quite on a par with his logic, thought hotter of it, and at a public meeting of the Church Aid Society flatly denied having over written any such loiter, either approving of tho organization of tlio Council, or its object. In reply to which statement, his own hand witnessed against him, published iu our issuo of tlio 4th instant. How lie manages to cseopo from tho awkwardness of tho dilemma which would have covered many an ablor man with confusion, his reply, which appeared in the Jlullelin of tlio following day, will best exoinplify. Ho says lio did not deny having addressed a letter to the Council upproving of their organisation, lie only " denied approving of what the Council had done." He also douiod "having approved of their conduct." If so, thou how uvo wo to interpret his assertion, " that his sympathies are entirelg with them, that ho has tho fullest confidence in its organization, and that ho owes them a debt- of gratitude" bub still ho does not- approvo of what they had done!! This is sheer nonsense, or something worse. How could tlio Council havo his fullest confidence if ho disapproved of their conduct? Again, lio says that His policy towards tho Church Council lias uhvuys been conciliatory. We should hardly have thought from tlio debt of gratitude ho owed them, that snob an attitude was oven necessary. Tlic fact is, Mr. Wright 1ms got into the wrong hands and hasn't sense onough to sue it, and with tho obstinacy of dullness persists in believing in tho sincerity of Ihoso very advisers, who aro plainly using him to suit their own purposes. Tho blessing with which this reverend gentleman takes leave in the first four verses of 35th Fsalni, wo recommend to tho perusal of our renders, in which the Lord is invoked to smito Mr. AVright's enemies ami entail a string of curses loo numerous to mention. In fact our pastor is, wo heliovo, one of Ihoso Divines who go about iu shovel lints with a patent in their pockets to exhort us to repentance ; but whoso lessons arc siully injured by the example tliey set us in their own conduct, for while they aro engaged in squabbling over forms and l'omontiug discord, both tho altar and tho God roll together iu the dust, sion'or vertelli.— Soveral hundred persons as sembled in Bono's gardens on Wednesday ovoning to witness tho Bloudin feats of Signor Vertelli. At thu lower part of tho gardens near Moore's Creole, a wire cord half an inch i thick was extended between two trees, u distance of about thirty yards, and at a height of fifty feet from tho ground. A largo .firo of brush wood was kept lighted aud showed distinctly every inovoment on tlio rope. At eight o'clock Signor Vertelli mounted tho ladder, and taking his balancing polo iu both hands, stopped out on tho ropo nmid the breathless silence of tlio spectators. He walked steadily to the end and then walked backwards to the starting place without tho sliglitost faltering. Ho next wheeled a barrow along tho rope. But t his feat though ap parently very difficult in reality adds but little to the labor of the exhibitor, tlio barrow being fastened to his hips in front and moving before him as lio takes each stop on tlio rope. Bctumiiig backward blind fold was both more dillieult and perilous. This ho accomplished successfully. Tho concluding part of tho exhibition gavo most satisfaction. H aving walked midway along I lie ropo he threw down his polo, and performed a series of somersaults displaying a wonder ful amount of dexterity and muscular power. Ho liung suspended by one foot from the rope, balanced himself on it in every conceivable uttitudo, on his back, chest, standing up, silting and lying down on tlio ropo and running finally " homo" nmid great cheering. On Thursday night, there was a second ex hibition, but the attendance was not so large. Mr. rone's cabbages and pens sulfcrcd from tho rash of visitors tlio llrst night to tho scone of the exhibition, but tho copious "downpour" that succeeded fully compensated liiin for tlio loss lie must linvo sustained from tho stampede nmdo by tho crowd over his cabbugo bods and green stulf. Tlioro was no little confusion arising from visitors " putting it off" to tho last, mo ment boforo going across — largo numbers wero dis- nppoiutcd and had to remain standing oil tlio banks of tlio river waiting (heir turn, from the insuflieionoy of transport provided by tho ferry boats for tho crowd. Thus many missed witnessing tlio first ascent, which was heralded by rockets, and somo never got over at all. Wo wore glad to seo that tho police wore on tho ground, but regret they did not collar tho follow who by liis criminal carelessness might liavo qualified Signor /Vertelli for wlmt enthusiastic anatomists call a beautiful cuso — nmdo up of compound dislocations and a goneriil smash — for just as tho porformor had made sufficient ascent, the wire was plunged against by somo heedless brute, who sot the whole vibrating in Buoh a manner as must havo uufoolcil any less expert trapeze, who, though takon at this torriblo dis advantage, maintained his foot hold, a thrill of apprehension running through tho spectators at tlio not only possible but probable contingency of tho por formor being slmkon from his porch and reduced to tlio consistency of pulp. 'This undoubtedly, groat us wero his other fonts, wo look upon as tho greatest of tlio whole. Considering tlio many disadvantages under which tho ontortninmont was givon, too much credit cannot bo uwardod to tho artist for surmounting ono which was of a nature that appeared absolutely insurmountable in moi'o senses than one, iiumoly, tlmt tho wiro owing to tlio great distance from its support dipped so much in tlio contrc that as tho trapeze attempted tho highest part of tho nscont tho wiro assumed an auglo of olova- tion to ovoroouio whioh, in our opinion, Mr. Vortolli was hardly warranted iu attempting, however success fully, tho accomplishmont. It will bo observed that an iiitornoon's onturtuinmeut takes placo to-day at throe o'clock, to givo tho young people and families residing in tho suburbs nn opportunity to witness the exhibi tion. Signor Vertelli is well worth seeing, aud tho prico of admission is within tho means of ovory man, woman, and child in tho district. Notices in the Districts Court. — Suitors in tho Districts Court .Sittings, to bo hold on tlio 4th of July, aro informed that the last day for entering plaints in tlio town Is tlio Else of .) imc ; within ton miles of Bockhampton, tho 19th of Juno ; within thirty miles, thplfiihof Juno; beyond thirty milos, too Into for notice now. Bayment of monoy into Court and dofeueo, tlio 28tli of June. Days of departure. — Wp obsorve, as in tho ouso of tho Doomerang, that tlio Company's Agent gene rally advertises the departttro of tlio Sydney 'steamers lor somo particular day. Now, as at best it can only bo guess work, wo would suggest tlio propriety of his inserting tlio words on " or about" tlio duto spoeilicd, which will allow a margin for businoss moil in closing transactions and save thorn unnecessary hurry and iu- conreniuuco, Sticking-up of the Taiiooji Mail. — The arrival in town yesterday ol tho branch ooaoli to tho Tarootn, brings intelligence of tlio sticking-up of that mail on Saturday last, livo miles Diis sido of tho township. From what wo learn it appuurs that "Hunter," who ouco boforo sluok-up tho mails on tho same lino, rodo bohind tho mailman for n mile and a half, and being uruiod with a gun and tlirco revolvers iql loaded domandod tho mail hags. Ho then opened tho whole of thorn numbering tliroo, and omptiod all tho monoy- letters mid likowiso those containing clicquos. Tho robber tlion destroyed all tho Oovoruiuunt eorros- potidonco, and said lio would writo to tho authorities asking tliem to roplnco thu bag that ho had appropriated |,o himself. Johnny Halloran, tlio inailmim between Banana and Tnroom, furnishes this statomont to tlio drivor of Mr. Flanagan's contract coach. Ho declared his intoiitiou of waiting for tlio noxt mail as lio folt no apprehension of being intorforod with by tlio police. It is not improbablo Unit lio is hi longuo with parties in Bookhampton who assist him in disposing of tlio stolon cheques, and koop him posted up regarding tho movements of tlio polico. Notwithstanding the re- poatod cau1, ions tho polioo authorities luiyo rucoived, no Blops whatever havo been taken for soenriug tho capture of Lhis Bcoundrol, who carries on his gumo in tho most open inaunor, or for onsuring tho safe con- voynneo of tho mails. What is Mr. Douglas thinking about to allow such a statu of things to continuo ? Suroly it is competent for him, now tlmt - lio is a responsible Minister and head of tho Bost-ollluo also, to obtain from his colleagues a couple of troopers for tlio protection of tho mails on a linu of road known t;o bo " taken up" by bushrangers. Aro wo to supposo that tlioso gentlemen of tlio road havo roecivod Govern ment licenses and pay a porcontngo to tho Government out of tho black mail tliey levy? Now that thoro is no inoro work for tho Northern Bailway and Bonds Staff, wo would suggest to tlio Government tho pro priety of turning thoin all out to grass. It is not fair to tlio country to pay a parcel of idlo drouos. Lot thorn do soinotliing tor their, screw. Hero is work for thein. Thu police can't or wont do it, and sharper mon aro required. A good looking troop of sharp shooters could bo made up from tho civilians, and if tlioy rntoli this bushranger wo shall pronounce thorn to havo deserved well of tho country. Recreation Scenes. — We have frequently essayed, at tho request of several correspondents, to direct tho attention of tho authorities to a nuisance, the removal of which out of sight, we certainly thought, if only for tho sake of morality, let alone common decency, would long since have been effected. Tho law provides against many indecencies so far as tho white man is concerned, but tho black is exempt, and is a privileged beast, if we are to judge of tho daily exhibitions which are to be seen on tho high road through the Recreation Ground, and tolerably thronged thoroughfare. There unsophisticated nature reigns supreme, and can be studiucl in all its phases. Wo always had a mortal horror of Corydons with crooks and pipes and cordu roys, and Cloes with worsted stockings, dirty finger nails, and bare legs, but then these were tho tastes of a pastoral age, and belonged to tho time when tho Flemish school prevailed in England, when everything was course, and the subject of tho artist seldom rose above tho moral to be derived from a boor dabbling with tho neck of his fat hostess, while pipes and boor formed tho background. But when no respcctahle female can possibly travel along a high road any morning without having to run tho gauntlet between a troop of blacks of both sexes, who rise with an uncon sciousness of indecorum from an at fresco toilet, the situation is apt to become embarrassing, unless, indeed, we admit the truth of the adage " that to the pure all is pure," which convenient, maxim can of course be carried as far as convenient. In our humble opinion tho day for the spectacle of tho Hottentot Venus is past, and for such poses plastiques we are hardly yet pure enough. To thoso who are curious as to anatomy, we recommend an early visit. There is no occasion to turn off tho road, they have only to follow their noses, and see, bathed in dew, the sable goddesses at their morning orisons, in which inquisitive manipulation and a gratifying scratch form no inconsiderable portion. We have repeatedly appealed through our columns to the Police Magistrate, at whose door we must say the gross outrages upon morality rest, to interfere, and take such measures as would at least keep in the back ground such degrading and offensive exhibitions as are daily enacled by these savages. We are fully aware of his classical taste, severe in its simplicity, and admire it; we know it to have the rust of antiquity about it, " that man delights him not, nor woman neither," that he shudders (except in pictures of the old masters) at the scandalous friskiness of our abori ginal matrons, and at the Tarquinian overtures which they receive, without the least mauvaise honte, and tho most natural way in the world. We certainly think that the authorities should, more or less, where it lies in their power, be the conservators of morality, and, that if there is a law for the white, there should also be one for tho black upon those points in which the eye of tho public is outraged, and we hope that Mr. Wiseman, with whom the control of the grounds lies (seeing that tho Government resumed it from tho Corporation), will instruct the police to compel the niggers to retire outside the town, so that their morning toilets and dalliance au naturel, 'may at all events be reserved for country visitors. The town is now tired of the show. District Courts. — The working of tho District Courts has not given satisfaction, and it is tlio inten tion of the Government to extinguish tliem at an early dale. Judges, and Bcgistrnrs, anil thu other legal appond- uges of those Courts having boon appointed under tlio authority of an Act of Parliament cannot bo justly de prived of their ollices without udoquato compensation" In tlio Southern portions of tlio colony tlio establish ment of such Courts was a more job to increase tlio patronage, and tho consequent moans of strengthening the Government supporl. it will bo no loss to abolish tliem down South, us fur us tho administration of justioo is concorncd, though the country will havo to pay protty smartly l'or tho fancy judges, iu some enscs appointed to destroy a political opposition, ns was notoriously the ease in the appointment of that Uorco opponent of tho lato ministry — tho patriot Blukcnoy. Tho Supromo Court iu Brisbane is suflioioiitly central for all residents below tho 25th parallel of latitudo. To compel the inhabitants of Northern Queensland ubovo that dogreo to travel to Brisbane for tho settle ment of causos which could bo disposed of by a Besident Judgo lioro, is a pioeo of injustice, which, whilst showing tho grasping meanness of tlio Brisbane Attorney Government, adds another argument in favor of Separation. A Bcsidont Judgo in Bockhampton would sftvo Northorn Queensland somo thousands a- your which aro now spent in Brisbano. Our insolvents go down thoro and livo en prinee whilst thoir deluded creditors horo, detorcd by tlio cost of a trip to Brisbano, and tho loss of timo and consequent injury to their business, profor condoning tho most flagrant frauds and ni8calitioa to tho voxotions and worry of a proso- cution of their just claims. A Besidont Judgo is roquircd for Northern Queensland with full Insolvency jurisdiction und, in criminal matters, all tho powers conferred by tho District Courts Act. Wo would cnll tho attention of tho Northorn Mcmbors to tliis inattor, which affoots ull tho North so noariy. In any arrango- luont for tho extinction of tho District Courts ono of tlio Judges should bo sent to tlio North, and tho Government could not reasonably rofuso to acccdo to so fair a request. Should tlioy do so it will bo only a furthor proof of thoir intention to wring ovory farthing possible from Northorn Queensland to koop up Bris bane, which favored city must be tlio fouub of oil litiga tion, ns it now is supposed to bo tho sourco of all honor and dignity. Wo must submit to this iujustico, if it bo continued, with others until tho sottling day comes — Separation Day — which in spito of Governors, or Brisbano Attorneys it is certain wo shall yot cclobrato for Northorn Queensland. Benevolent Institution. — Wo think tho decision arrived nt on Tuesday, by tho mooting convonod for establishing a Sorvants' Homo, was warranted by tho littlo success attending tho morcmout. Tho other proposal — to establish a Benevolent Institution — wo aro assured by thoso who understand the town best, will meet with tho earnost sympathy and co-oporation of a much larger number than any Servants' Homo could win. The ladies' of Bockhampton havo boon credi ted with a largo sharoof bonovolonco and philantliropy lying dormant, und only wanliug fit objects to bo callod into aotivo play. Sooiug, however, tho meagro display mudo in tho effort to got up a really Bonovolont Institu tion — a Sorvants' Homo, and one so specially a woman's work to superintend — wo aro ruthor sceptical of results until wo seo thorn. Thoro 'lias boon onough said and written, und if a Bonovolont Institution is to bo got up tho soonor tlio work is sot about tho batter. Wo think that a lay secretary acting with u mixed committee of ladios' and gontloinon will, untler present circumstances, best put things in prupor train, and lead to tlio succoss now so seldom attonding any of our projects. It may be urged as an objection against establishing such an institution, tlmt as tlio Govoriunont is likely to udd a Boiievblunt Ward to Hospitals it is unnecessary to ask for subscriptions for what will bo a Government estab lishment, supported und managed by tlio Government, or, if by local bodies, subject to central control froiq Brisbano. This would hold good ugaiiiBt uny project lor orccting an oxpoiisivo building with a large stall', but not against a temporary oxpodiout for relieving Lliu distress so extensively prevalent in tho town and suburbs. Wo liavo a building for nothing, and a fund enn, wo boliovo, bo easily ruisod sullieiont to moot all real- eiisoa of distress in tlio town. Wo liopo that tho managing committed will closely scrutinise tho cluims of applicants and only roliovo our own poor, otherwise wo shall havo to provide u Casual Ward for Brisbane and Sydney puupors. Tightening the Soiiew. — Tlio pressure put by tho Government brenksmun, Mr. Macalistor, on tlio Government screw bus made its tightening oli'cot first Jolt at tlio oxtrcmiticB. Tlio truth is leaking out that the Stato Ghost is Hourly empty. Tlio monoy is gone. Tho lato Government with Mr. Horbert as chief trumpeter ol gubernatorial crotchets lias made ducks and drakes ol it. Thoro is no help for it, and accordingly tlio oxtron'iitios must first fool tlio chill of l-ho pooiiiiiary post. Bond parties aro dis missed iu all directions up North, und wliolo gangs of mon who calculated foolishly on Govornmonl faith, aro now left helpless. How lur tlio liouds of dopurtmonts liavo ondangorod thoir own solvency to bolster up tlio groat central humbug in Brisbano wo aro not Buillcioutly informed to state But it is allirmod pretty confidently tlmt nioro than ono contract lias boon accepted and catered on which is now repudiated, and tlmt either the immodiato parties to tho contracts on tlio part of tlio Government or tho Govoriunont itself will bo, called on to pay up or an appeal will bo mudo to tho Supremo Court. Tho works go on as usual in Brisbano, and wlmt littlo money eoincs in through tho Custom House and tlio loan Exchequer of tlio Lands Department aro devoted to tho laudable object or beautifying the scat ol Government. If wo had a local assembly this could not happen, wo should retain our monoy for constructing our roads at least, aud if economy was to bo practised Brisbano should loaru tlio lesson by oporating on her own money and not on ours. Burked. — Wo lmvo in vain Ecurclicd tho Brisbano papers for any satisfactory notice of tho deputation from Bowon that waited upon his Excellency and the Minister lor Lands and Works, with respect to Northorn Separa tion and Qthor matters connected with their lpcal wants, littlo has beon said ubout tlio petition presented by tho deputation ,and an almost marked silence lias been ob served. Surely tho matter is of somo littlo iinporlanoo. It appears from their silonco either ttha tlioy look upon tlio memorial as so much waste paper, or that tho movement for Separation now in active progress by all sections of the North is no news. As yet, owing to the ubsonco of the gentlemen who presented the petition, we aro not in a position to givo uny roliablo informa tion respecting the success of thoir mission, but of this wo can confidently assuro our readers that neither liis Excellency nor tlio Despot of tho North Maeulistcr, will cvor listen to any Separation question that con templates tho sevcraneo of Bockhampton from the Brisbano Government. The lino recommended by tliem, or rather mado tlio sine qua uon of thoir acquiescence to a Northern purtition, will be Cape Dulmcrston, and nothing bub the people petitioning en masse will ever iiiduco thorn to forego thoir tight grasp upon the throats ol our independence. Probably tho deputation has met with a favorable reception, and no doubt with that purlect system of humbug which few understand better tlianliisExecllency. Ho no doubt requested tho gontloinon, iu his most dobonnair munnor, to Bit down and ontcrod on tho matter in a business liko way, assuring thorn that ho perfectly agrooil with their views ; nothing could bo inoro reasonable — that he would willingly second them, only of course lie could not see how the thing could bo cilcctcd until their dis trict reached tlio roquiicd population (20,000), fixed by tlio Imperial Edict, qualifying them for Separation. It is worse than folly this dallying with fate. Tlio Brisbuno Govoriiiiiont cannot go on for ever squeezing the orange. Separation is inovitablo iu somo shape or other, nnd the whole of the North is committed to it. Mr. Macalistor will never relinquish his grasp upon Bockhampton — unless an appeal is mudo to the Throno against (ho tyranny and pillage of our declared and open enemy. Aro any of our readers soft onough to imagine for a niomout that men ol his calibro can ever forgivo tho way in which his nose was brought to tlio ring on tlio railway extension bull-bait — or that lie can forget the way in which his dishonored promissory notes havo been taken up by liis Northern victims — and the unqualified disgust with which liis statement of " not sufliciont funds" has been received. Wo havo no doubt tho deputation was woll received,. from tho fact that Sir George and liis Minister well know the main request embodied in the memorial could not come to auythiiig so long as ho made it a proviso that Bockhampton should bo left out in tho agrcoment. Ncithur Bowon nor any other port can becomo tlio capital of Caprieornia with tho Loiehlnirdt joining in tlio partition. CoitiNTniAN Races. — Our Southern friends havo all tlio fun to themselves, and wo heartily envy thoiu. The liberal spirit tlioy import into thoir public amuse ments woll deserves tho success tlioy alwuys appear to rccejvc, while wo, tho " go-a-lioad people of Boeklunnp- ton," require an amount of cnginocring to be dono on our pockets boforo a shilling can bo extracted saVe for Bclf-huidiition, o'ron somo pioeo of hyprocriticnl twaddlo by which wo can bo glorified before our fellows. Anmso- monts wero intended for mankind, and must be varied, tlio chango is as necessary as tho seasons, whtlo tlio capacity for tho enjoyment is a gift through naturo from a higher sourco with which human liaturo is blessed, and which was givon to us to bo used. The amount of subscriptions for this years' meet, though by no means what wo oxpcctcd, is still suflioioiitly largo to warrant tho pt'oscuco of somo of tho Southern and all the Northern horses on our course. Could wo only inaugurate a Corinthian Stakes, welter weights, ' wo should add to sporting mon a vory important and attractivo feature in tlio programme. This would bo tho Baeo of Bncos. It was the event of tlio Ipswich moot., wliuro tlio got up of tho goullomcu jocks was gorgeous in tho cxtromo, from tlio velvet cup to tho immaculate tops. 'Tho field is represented to havo on this occasion presented a most animated appearance, owing to tho troops of friends of tho different riders interested in tlio strugglo being present, and nil having thoir favourite. Tho excitement was intense, and tho Grand Stand looked liko a crowd of maidens holding " aloft their snowy scarfs which fluttered in tho broezo," ns tlioy moved a perfect sea of cambrio in tho faces of tlio horsomon. Wo wish somo of our townsmon would put thoir shouldors to tho wheel and push-ibr a similar raco, without something of tlio kiiul tlio second day will, wo fear, hang lire. Sei'akation. — Action, not talk, should now ho our motto. 'Tho J'eak Downs Telegram thinks so too, and gives us tlio following pioeo of blunt and wholesonio aclrico : — " 'Tho Brisbano dailies havo articlos on tlio lato railway mooting at Bockhampton, which display moro than usual ignorance and bud taste ; but tlio Bockhampton people, by thoir empty throats and in consistency, certainly invito ridiculo. Passing resolu tions and speoohifying, though nocessary to political movements, will not bo of much sorvico in tho contest between north and south ; for, although Bockhnmpton oratory is not doficiont in volumo, it must not bo ox- pcetod to supply tho placo of notion. If tho Boek- liumpton people would start a Separation League, and offor tempting terms to Bowen ; or if thoy would ad vocate tho adoption of a eoiuprclicnsivo provincial sys tem ; thoy would by steady porsistenco in either course of action oll'eetually chookmnto thoso sohomos for southern aggraiidismnont of which tho north so bittorly complains. But at prosont, it must bo confessed, not much dopondonco is placed by tho general public in Bockhampton politicians, who often bark whon thoy do not moan to'bitc. Wo heliovo a Separation progriiiumo might bo prepared which would securo very gonoral approval throughout Northern Queonsland ; whilo Se paration might ho so advocated ns to appear ill-timod " and impracticable to overyono outside tho Municipality of Bockhampton. The sumo amount of intelligence brought to boar on tho Separation scheme us wns bo- stowod upon tho land question, would ho produotivo of important results. Eithov lot something really practi cable bo suggested, or lot nil talk of Separation bo dropped. If we intend perpetuating our connection with Brisbano, it will bo oxpcdionb to indulge no longor in throats ; and if wo intend Separation, it will bo equally oxpcdiunb to oxchango idlo talk for real work." More Taxes.— In an artiolo on tho fiunnoial position of Queonsland, tho Sgdneg Morning Herald shows that wo nro drifting into tlio snmo ditUoiiltios that now mako tho stato of Now South Walos so critical. Tlio cessation of tho inflow of money from tlio preqmptivo purchasers will niuko frosh taxation inovitablo. If it is clear that moro rovouuo must bo had to support tho credit of tho colony, and to koop free from deficits, it is wise to grapplo with tho difficulty at onco and not protend to iguoro its oxistonce. That was tho fatal mistake our Govoromont nmdo, and which has cost us so deal". 'Tho painful necessity was postponed till at last taxos wero put on with a rush, nnd put on with a wunt of discrimination, for which tho only justifica tion was tho imuicdiato urgency. It is nn unplcasaut task for any Minister to liavo tlio fiico to propose now taxes, und especially' when tho necessity for thorn is > udicutcd rather by judicious foresight than by a pres sure which is clour to tho great muss of tlio people. But (ivory Oabinot is bound to accopt tlio whole of its responsibilities, an to do full justico to the real interests of tho colony it governs. Nothing is guinud ill reputa tion or sofoty by procrastinating with obligations that cannot bo .pormanoiitly ovadud. 'Tho Queensland Govornmont lias boforo its oyoB an oxumplo of tho evils that may ariBo from postponing too long a necessary increase of taxation. 'Tho stato of Unancos will clearly not admit of tho Government coneoding tlio demand lately mado that pastoral leases ontoring on thoir second slago should bo charged only tho former ront. hut tlio want of monoy is likely to udd strength to tho clamor for a, grout reduction, in the price of land. In tho London market tho Govornmont cannot con-. \ voiiiotilly borrow. In tho colony money is pressed upon it if it will- only sell runs ut five shillings uuaoro. Tho temptation to yiold is vory strong ospoe> AF.v.rith an influential party both iu and out of to urge it," Where the Money Goes.— That tlio actual cost of tho Southern Bailway will oxcocd Mr. Fitzgibbon's estimate by about, half a million of moiiey will not astonish any ono who studioB tho wliolosulo system of jobbery winkod at by tho Govornmont in tho purchnso of land along tho linos from their frionds of tho Darling Downs squatters. Thoy havo dono a fino stroke of business and thu members of tho ministry join, in tlio transaction. 'The Queensland Times lets ia somo light on this dirty business. It says iu a lato number : — . " Every one is not u member of parliament for nothing.' /This remark was mado in a rcconb issuo of this journal in reforonco to tho return of lands rosumod for railway purposes, which was lately submitted to parliament in compliuiioo with a resolution corrio.d.in. tlio, Council by Mr. Fitz. Wo havo reason to heliovo that tho observation was cvon moro pregnant of meaning than wo doomed it at tlio timo. It is now confidently assorted that a considerable quantity of land inoludod in this return, and which was tho property of Mr.. Jumos Taylor, M.L.A., is ontcrod in othor names — that is, that tho lion, and patriotic gentleman was so. anxious to bo regarded (in liis public capacity as twin brother to Ctesar'a wife, tlmt ho wont to tho extra, trouble and cxponso of omploying. middlemen in his ' railway transactions with the Govornmont. 'Tho foroo of public virtue could no furthor go. Wo shall pro bably hoar moro of this anon, and also of tlio eight shillings per head compensation now being claimed for a littlo lot (about 15,000, wo heliovo) of old crawl ing owos, not worth half-a-erown, which camo to griof through tho " Cumberland disease " (?). — certainly not, through the groodiness of a proprietor who, in an, exceptionally bad season, kept his run douhle.stookfld. 'Who would not bo a lnombcr of parliament, and havo it in liis power to pack a boiich ? It is perhaps, after- all, a public sorvico which tho lion, gentleman has. rendored to tho colony in this inslnnco at least. In liis capacity as " fifth minister" ho bocamo aware that. uudor-28 "Vie., No. 13, section 21, a considerable sum of monoy was lying idle iu tlio Treasurer's hands, and ho wished to sco it turned to account. Most pooplo lutd forgotten that it was thoro, but tho King of Tobwuomba has a kocn scent, and lie was not to.be put oil" it, 'This is tho samo gentleman who was represented, the othor day in tho Darling Downs Gazette us of so. sensitive a temperament that ho refrained 1'rom. goings down to tho house lost ho should not ho ablo- to, carry out tho wishes' of liis constituents. Oh, ingpnuous Bimplo-ininJod, and illustrious James! Happy is the village in which tlion roigncst, and blessed bo- tho- country that numbers thco among her senators !" 