;;;; AQUATICS, ; MELnbtTRNE Eowikq Club.— V7b are re quested to' state that the annual general meeting of members, for the purpose of to ceiviiig the report, of tho committee for tho past ' year, electing a new committee for tho present'year, and other business, will bo held on Tuesday next, the 31st iust, at the Free masons- j-overn, ac4.su p.m. , . , Brisbane YXonT Cltjb.— The first ineet ,inc of this club was' held on Saturday, the .14th inst, when a race came off between the ' yachts .Hamlet's Ghost, Gleami Alerte, and Miss Young. ' The1 weather was very fine, in fact too iine,' the wind being too light to .test the qualities of the craft. A. woucon tested' race was won by the Gleam,' with 1 mm. '45 sec to, spare,; tho: Miss Young, se cond j the Alerte,1 third;, and tho Hamlet's Ghost last.- ?'? .,?'??-????/ ' . ; '.''??''. BoATiNQ '' Mems. 'from1 'SAi.E,:--Wo aro gratified to learn! that .there is every pro bability of some valuable ; additibns ' boirig made to bur regatta'noxt year in thoway of rowmg boats. Mr. Webb has sold the Bru nette to the Bairnsdale. club,' and' purchased the Victoria, an excellent' outrigger ; , and the :La'troho Club' has j purchased 'another of a character. Bomowhat similar.. ,Nd doubt other purchases, will bo made, and conse quently better sport 'afforded than has yet been witnessed in Gipps Land.i— Times.- : YACIIT-BuiLDINq ; ' ATw f BALtAARATl— i— Patience and perseverance, bvcrcotno many difficulties, and in Ballaarat perhaps more than in any other town in tho/ colony the truth'of the saying has iii'many' ways re ceived undoubted proof. ' Instances are ' nu merous where by a close attention to these qualities the best results havo been attained, and' dnternrise; hag 'been' rewarded with success., We ;haye been led to make theso. remarks at this tune inconsequenccjof having had an opportunity of .viewing a surfaoer,; sailing, clipper . yaoht . ', for plying in Lake Wendouree, .and which has beon built by Messrs. i Gates and Sons,, of Peel : Btreet. ? ! .Tho , boat, '. which , : was ; .- only finished on Tuesday, has been built at such times as Mr. Gates and his sons found leisuro to devote to it, and' tho very : handsome and ; substantial way. in which she has beon com pl»ted bears ample testimony to the care and attention that has been bestowed on her con struction, and tha more especially bo, when it is considered that the builders know, nothing of boat-building before,: except what thoyi picked up in fitting out several, small crafts for .Wendouree lasi season. In appear ance the yacht will vie with anything .. that might have, been ; turned out.of 'a I regu lar, boat-builder's ? . yard ; J the', dimen sions appear proportionate -throughout, whilst due. care seems to have- beon .takon in regard to tho draught of water to rendor hor in every respect fitted for the purpose for which shd is intended. -Sho is, tuflt of Kauri : pine, copper fastened and faced and finished with cedar, and has been named tho Warrior. Her dimensions aro— total length, 20 ft. 0 in.; beam, 8 ffc.;depth at Btem, 3ft Gin., and at Btern, 3 ft Sho has been decked round, and will soat between 25 and 30 persons. The builders intend launching' hor to-day (Thurs day), after which the rigging will be fitted, — Star. '? ' ,:.'.:-. ?!.-?? !??. ? ?- ;?.--:? ' .V,'l'.'.!.') :. i-' ?-? ?? ? 