NEW PUBLICATIONS. (FROM OUR LONDON CORRESPONDENT.) April 1800. Too high praise cannot be given to "The Bible Word Book, a Glossary of Old English Bible Words," by the late "J Eastwood, M.A., and W. Aldis Wright, ALA. (Macmillan). It gives the derivation and history of the obsolete words, or of those that have changed their meaning. Quotations are given from old writers, showing the meaning of words. The work is scholarly, simple, and popular; very useful to the understanding of the Bible. j Mr. Dale's " Sermons on Special Occa | sions " (Jackson, Walford, and Co., 6s. l. will follow his work on the " Jewish Tem ' pie and the Christian Church." They are a manly, genial, and broad in tone, dealing with topics of the day in a devout and lofty spirit. The sermon on " The Mutual Relations of Physical Science and Faith is a thoughtful exposition of the unsoundness logically and theologically-of views enunciated by certain modern philosophers. Dr. Ilessey's well-known exhaustive work on " Sunday," its origin, history, and present obligation, has just been reprinted in a 3rd edition (9s., Murray.) Pew Bamp- ton lectures have had a large circle of readers, and in the present state of the Sunday controversy that circle will be extended. Messrs. Smith, Elder, and Co. are about to publish a volume by the Rev. J. Baldwin Brown on "Home Life." Mr. Plumptio's concise and clear historical paper on Sunday, which appeared in last month's Contemporary Review, has been deservedly reprinted in the form of a pamphlet. Messrs. Dean and Son have issued Debrett's "Peerage' and Debrett's " Baronetage, Knight age, and House of Commons," in one vol., 15s. ; or in two, 7s. each. These works were much improved last year, and have been subject to further improvement this year. The ecclesiastical portion is enlarged. Many more biographical notices are given, and the information is brought down to the very latest period. Among Mr. Bentley's announcements are Dean Hook's 5 and 6 vols, of " The Lives of the Archbishops of Canterbury," concluding the Life of Cranmer ; the Hon. Miss Eden's " Travels in India,"withillustrations; " The Natural- ist in British Columbia and Vancouver's Island," by Mr. Lord, with numerous illustrations ; " After the Storm in North America in 1885," by Mr. Skinner. Messrs. Jackson, Walford, and Co. announce " A Year in Sweden with Frederika Bremer." The authoress is a daughter of Mary Howitt, the translator, and many years' friend of Miss Bremer, and her work is stated to be the diary of twelve months daily inter- course with the distinguished and remarkable woman who recently passed away. The work will also contain pictures of life both in the capital and country, as well as notices of the most distinguished people. The Rev. J. Keble has also just departed. this life. He died on 31st March, after a lengthened and serious illness, He was double first in classics at the age of 18, and a Fellow of Oriel. The intimate friend of Drs. Pusey and Newman ; like them he has done much to stimulate religious thought. He has been Vicar of Hursley, Hunts, for 33 years, and has rebuilt Hursley Church out of the profits of Thing " Christian Year," a_Ydui_yjU~-ot hymns which has pasjeiHlifoT^iTsö editions. He wasjjijii»rf7tli year. """The first article in the British Quarterly, on "Anglicanism, and Romanism," out- weighs in value all the rest put together. It is written in a masterly style, and bristles with references. It reviews the tenets of the Anglican school as expounded in the Oxford Tracts five-and-twenty years ago, and as developed in different forms down to the present day. Dr. Pusey's, Dr. Newman's, and Dr. Manning's latest works, constituting the latest developments, are subjected to searching investigation, their errors exposed, and their tendencies held up to view.- The present state of the Church of England, the attitude of some sections of it towards the Church of Rome especially as presented in Dr. Pusey's " Eirenicon ;" the claims of Romanism, especially as presented in Dr. Manning's " Temporal Mission of the Holy Ghost ;" are very ably set forth. Attention is drawn to the different tones adopted by Dr. Wiseman and his successor, and their apparently different methods of gaining England over to the Romibli See. And the opinion is expressed " that the Unity of Christendom, for which there is such desire exists and is to be found, not in oneness formal creed and worship and government, but in oneness of spirit. Like the Unity of the human race, it is independent of all outward and mechanical bonds. Nations have their separate governments, separate laws, separate customs, separate languages; they are envious of each others glory ; they en- gage in bloody and destructive wars; but the human race is still one. Visible Churches have their separate politics Episcopal, Presbyterian, Congregational-. their separate creeds, their separate forms of worship ; they wage bitter controversies ; they launch mutual curses and communications ; they deny to each other the Christian name; but the Unity of the Church is not imperilled by the errors, the follies, or the sins of men. All who are regenerated by the Holy Ghost are of one spirit, even as all nations are of ' one blood, and all who are one with Christ are one with each other. The very divisions of Christendom, however sinful in their origin and development, have rendered more conspicuous that Spiritual Unity which eighteen centuries of intestine conflict have not been able to destroy. At Rome, at Geneva, at Constantinople, at Canterbury, those who hear the name of Christ worship one God and Father of all, and confess that Jesus Christ is the Saviour of mankind. The liturgies of every Church, and the free prayers which express the devout thought and spiritual activity of those communions who reject the aid of former generations of saints in their approach to God, confess the same sins, appeal to the same mercy, plead the same sacrifice, invoke the baptism of the same Spirit, acknowledge the same Divine perfections. There is the same penitence in all, the same gratitude, the same joy, the same reverence, the same hope of immortal rest in God. The interior life, though infinitely varied, is essentially identical in every century, and in connection with every such creed. That the ethics of every Church which claims to be such are in striking contrast to the ethics of every form of Paganism, needs no proof or illustration, and the moral life of all who love Christ, all the world over is strong with the same virtues, and beautiful with the same supernatural graces. Even the creed of Christendom, in its great cut lines is everywhere the same. The Unity of God, the Trinity, the Divinity of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Personality of the Holy Ghost, judgment to come, the. everlasting glory of the righteous, and the dreadful doom of the impenitent, these are everywhere confessed. In worship, in morals, in the characteristics of the spiritual life, and even in the great outlines of its creed, the Church is already visibly one. Let the power of the interior Spirit be trusted to prevent all schism in it's mystical body, let all external restraints be loosened, and the Unity of the Church will be revealed still more clearly. It is the presence of God in human souls which has to be manifested. Simplicity and freedom will best promote it's manifestation. Vast ecclesiastical organisations bring human passion and fully into play, provoke strife instead of promoting charity, conceal and express the divine life they are intended to manifest and cherish. This is the theory . of Congregationalism." On the claims' of the Roman Church, The following sentence sets forth Dr. Manning's account of it as it is in our own days : " It is an august and supernatural creation of the Spirit of God ; it is the sphere of unclouded light ; its boundaries are the limits of the special and personal presence of the Holy Ghost ; as the Eternal "Word was revealed, and in the incarnate life of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Roman Communion is the visible revelation and organ of the Eternal Spirit. In this great mystery the Churches of the East have no part ; nor has the Anglican Church ; nor any of the schisms originated by the so-called Refor- mation." Rightly enough the Archbishop declares " that the real ultimate question between the Catholic Church and all Christian bodies separated from it, is not one of detail, but of principle." " On the progress of Anglicanism," the writer remarks : Lord Palmerston created a succession of Evangelical Bishops, and it was thought that the English Church was becoming more evangelical than ever ; but a theological party can live and prosper without bishops, without even deans and prebendaries ; nor can these ecclesiastical triumphs arrest the progress of interior decay. Evangel- calism has-eulminutcd, and seems declining rapidly. The main body of the National clergy, before many yours are over, seems likely to be divided between the adherents of Dr. Pusey on the one hand, and of Dean Stanley and Professor Jowett on the other." The article, of CO pp., is worth the price of the review. Another, on the " lie formed Church of France," is also valuable. So also is one on " Peter the Great," depicting the character of the Czar, and showing how much he did for his country, and how he did it. " The real greatness of Peter is to be found in this, that he was resolute in leading where his" predecessors had hitherto been content to lollow^J,Ir>5a\v that his people were not JjôïïTgïeat, and would not become great, but needed to have greatness thrust upon them. In furtherance of this view, he gave them what he could-an army, a navy, trades, manufactures, government, a great maritime seaboard, a great harbor-the parent of commerce. He ensured their safety from foes without and within ; he uprooted their old prejudices; he severed them for ever from the pernicious influences of the East, and exposed them to the invigorating influences of the West. The very founding of Petersburg might seem to be typical of this change. Moscow, with its barbaric splen- does and its barbaric associations, was to yield the palm to a greater rival, the capital of a renovated empire, the chief seat of a newly-established commerce, the resi- dence of a fresh dynasty which had for ever discarded the empty pomp of Oriental despotism for the more splendid and dur- able glories of European empire." A few statistics from " Bradshaw,'' a paper on railways, will be interesting. At the end of 180-1 upwards of 13,000 miles of railway were open in Great Britain, equal to one-half the entire circumference of the globe, in their construction 7,000,000 tons of iron were required for the rails, chairs, and pins. Of chairs there are some 80 millions, fastened to about 40 millions of sleepers, for the renewal of which 8000 acres of forest land must be annually cleared. There are 7203 locomotives, which when actually at work consume every minute throughout the year between 4 and 5 tons of fuel, and Hush into steam some 25 tons of water. There are 10,985 carriages for the conveyance of passengers, besides 0500 guards' breaks, mail vans, and other vehicles attached to passenger trains. There are 20 1,880 waggons, enough to form a train 500 miles in length. The number of passengers in 1864, exclusive of more than 70,000 holders of season and periodical tickets' was 229,202,105, sufficient to form a procession 100 abreast and, a yard apart, extending more than 1300 miles in length. The number of trains that ran in the United Kingdom, in 1865, were 4,969,909 ; being some 13,700 a day, out of which there were four in England and Wales for one in Scotland and Ireland united. The total number of miles run were 129,130,943. The gross receipts for passenger f rallies were in 15,084, 040;' for goods traffic, «£18,300,000. The other papers are on " Praed and His Works," " Club Life and Society in London," " The Rinderpest in Great Britain," and "Contemporary Literature." In Blackwood, O'Dowd is unusually good on the Fenian post, expressing opinions similar to those in Fraser. " Try and win Pat's confidence. Let him see royalty and the pageant of royalty. Ascertain where there is satisfaction, and what creates it. Look before you legislate, and think a little more about Paddy and a little less of his priest." O'Dowd also writes well on the New House and Spain and Italy. " De theology at Home and Abroad" refers chiefly to Ceylon and its Yakas, and describes the ceremonies of the Yakaduras. The political article is lugubrious enough, but its opinions are not sustained by the course of affairs during the last few days. The continuations and " Shrewsbury School " fill up the number. In Macmillan, " Thyrsis," by Matt. Arnold, is a moody to commemorate the author's friend, Arthur Henry Clough, who died at Florence, 1801. " Workhouse Infirmary Reform," by Dr.,Anstio, is a paper commending the recently formed Association for the improvement of Metropolitan Workhouse Infirmaries. " My Heritage," by Geo. Smith, is a poem describing how the writer indulges in all high ancient and modern literature Then, when the restless soul from these will turn, I take the book the best ; And road with joy, ' Como ye with sins down borne, And I will give you rest. " Virgil on the Cattle Plague," by Francis French, draws attention to the 3rd Georgie, line 470 is The New Irish Difficulty," by J. Herbert Stack, is a very interesting and thoughtful description of the causes of Fenianism-" undoubtedly the- illegitimate offspring of the extinct agitations, with a practical agrarian element in addition. It is shown to be the result of many years of social feuds, religious differences, and go [ vernmental partiality and mismanagement " The writer thinks that the Fenians can only be kept down by the strong- hand of a civil and martial law. But the question will remain whether it is possible by wise and noble legislation to enlist the middle classes of Ireland in the active support of the Government, so that the Fenians may sink down into a contemptible minority., [ " Travellers and Critics," by E. S. P. is a paper defending Palgrave from the asper- sions of the Quarterly and North British Review, both articles probably by the same writer. E. S. P. points out " that the writer or writers have no personal knowledge of Arabia, nor the smallest acquaintance with its language and literature; that they have not made use of fair and straightforward criticism that they have left nine-tenths of Palgrave's two volumes untouched and that they have only attacked such portions of his history of Arabia as are contradicted by Menguir's " Histoire de l'Egypte," an obscure, re- condite book, by no means trustworthy. " Parliament before Easter, two month's notes by an observer, is a very pleasant résumé of Parliamentary customs and doings. " Charles de Lismondi " is the subject of a short appreciative paper, containing some unpublished letters of the great French writer. " William. Whewell"' is a graceful tribute of respect and affec- tion for the late Master of Trinity, written by W. G. Clarke, M.A., Public Orator in the University of Cambridge. Fraser gives us Dr, Who well's last paper on " Grote's Plate with a brief introductory eulogy by the editor. " For several years during the later portion of his life his thoughts had been devoted to Plato and the present review was prepared for the press immediately before the occurrence of the lamentable accident by., which his death is due," . EipG"""words 1 then, as well as last words, are these cries esma.- of Mr. Grote. "The Passion of Martin Holdfast" is a stirring tale of love that you must finish when once you've begun to read it. Thoreau is the subject of a biographic sketch. Thoreau-the American author, comparatively unknown in England, but deserving to be well known one of those " characters whose fine dramas are destroyed by exposure to the popularly aura-spirits that must sit at silent, solitary tasks, leaving the world to enter and admire when they have passed away." " The Native Army in India is the title of a paper which deals, " First, with officers and their alleged ill treatment, and secondly with the real value of the native army as a military force." The writer is not favorable to the claims of the officers ; drawing inferences from the past, especially from the mutiny, does not think the present position of affairs secure of and satisfactory and thus gives his advice: " Let us open our eyes to the truth, and change our plans ; abolish the native I armies, who are a heavy expense and a real danger; strengthen and improve our police ; strengthen and improve our civil establishments ; bring home to every man's cottage the sense of security, of substantial justice and real comfort ; encourage peaceful pursuits ; recognise the civil rights of the people to the full, leave them in unmolested possession of the land, on the principles by which they have hold it from time immemorial, cease to disturb their ideas of real property by forcing upon them our artificial English principles which are unsuitable ;' govern them well and strongly, in accordance with established customs and ancient usage, and on sound maxims of general jurisprudence, and we should soon find that our military establishments were merely the perpetuation of hugo mistakes, which had ceased to be safe or necessary, and had become burdensome, dangerous and useless." " The Reform Bill and the Government " is a description of the present position of political affairs, in which the landowners, who have clamorously claimed compensation for their losses by the cattle plague come in for some well deserved censures, and the defenders of the Jamaica butchery are held up to condemnation. A change of ministry is on many accounts to be dreaded, but if the Reform Bill should be thrown out the ministry go out, the latter will soon return, and a bolder and more comprehensive bill will then be carried. Captain Burton's letters to a friend " From London to Rio de Janeiro," are continued ; so also is " The Beauclerk's." " Native Tribes on the Zambesi River is an East African sketch, drawn from Dr. Livingstone's descriptions. Cornhill has papers on " Modern Gene- va,"-" Superior Information pointing out how superficial we all are in our knowledge, even among educated people. " The Modern Doctrine of Culture, i.e., with reference to the emotions rather than the intellect. " The Study of Celtic Literature," by Matthew Arnold. Told in the Firelight," a tale in poetry, of un- requited love. " The Clavering's." " An and " A Letter from a Convict in Australia to a Brother in England" -a genuine and authentic letter. Thus we are getting more and more revelations from " the depths." Temple Bar' has another paper by "A Real Casual on Refuges," with introduction and notes by Mr. Parkinson. . LATEST NEWS races ROME. It is not true that the cattle plague has extended to the " Pope's Bull." Hairdressers may be suspected of Fenian ism, when they are Head-scenters. 