MISCELLANEOUS NEWS. of (Irene tfC Liverpool Among february 15.) THE Emperor Maximilian in his speech in response to the address on the death of King Leopold, said: Confident in his destiny, he was determined to continue the course he had commenced. He would not change the democratic customs of Mexico, but a strong side was the last anchor of safety for that country. He looked forward to the future without anxiety. Not long ago, at Glasgow, a man swallowed a quantity of oil of almonds in mistake for whisky, and died. The skeleton of a human being was found lately under the hearthstone in the servants' hall at Berkes well Hector-. t, Mr. Goddard, parish clerk at Upper Seeding, was going to a funeral on Sunday- week, when an oak tree fell and crushed him to death. the Federal Debt on the 1st of February amounted to 2,824,000,000 of dollars, being an increase of 17,600,000 dollars since the 1st of January. On the occasion of a lecture by Mr. D'Arcy' M'Gee, at Montreal, on the 24th ultimo, it was considered necessary to surround the building with a body of armed policemen. He had stigmatised the Fenians as thieves and assassins. Three respectably-dressed women were recently discovered clipping the curtains in the Executive Mansion at Washington for souvenirs, and sent to the police station. South larcenies have become so frequent of late that an officer has been appointed to remain on guard in the "White House. Last autumn three Swiss gentlemen ascended the St. Theodore, a mountain between the Matterhorn and MontRose, intending to pass the winter on the summit for the purpose of making meteorological observations. The mountain is 12,000 feet high, and the heavy snows have stopped all communication between the summit and the valleys below since the 28th of November. Ten per cent, of the men who married in Scotland, and 20/35 per cent, of the women, had to sign the marriage register by making their mark in the year 1862, for which detailed returns have just been issued. In England, in the same year, 23.7 per cent, of the men who married, and 32" per cent of the women, were obliged to sign by mark. But England is steadily reducing its disadvantage. TOSSING THE PANCAKE On Shrove Tuesday the ceremony of tossing the pancake took place at "Westminster " School. The ceremony is this -At 11 o'clock, all the school being apparently hard at work, the door is flung open by the Abbey verger, who in sonorous tones announces the visitor. "The cook, sir " The cook, who has been escorted in state by the verger from the kitchen to Little Dean's yard, to the venerable schoolroom, is in his full professional costume, and makes his obeisance as he has done for fifteen years past at least, and as his father, the Toi free of our fathers, did for thirty-three years previously, and then, casting one glance at the iron bar which separates the upper from the lower school, endeavours to toss a pancake from the pan over the bar. On the accomplishment of this feat depends two guineas as his honorarium. On Tuesday the ceremony" of " tossing the pancake " was a failure, the cook not succeeding in throwing his pancake over the bar The boys got their holiday, but the cook lost his fee of two guineas, to which he would have been entitled by success. POST OFFICE PACEY-In England and Wales 27 letters were delivered to every person upon an ever ago in the year 1864 in London, or in Scotland, 20 in Ireland, 9 in the United Kingdom, as a whole, 23 -the total number exceeding 679,000,000. Railway companies sent 720,000 circulars by the post in the year ; charitable institutions, 540,000 ; lottery offices, 109,000; drapers, 2,002,000; medical men and dentists, 177,000. 4,805,000 letters passed between this country and the United States and British North America, that is, in both directions; 3,032,000 between this country and India and China and the following numbers between this country and the other" countries named-viz., 2,915,000, Australia ; 1,727,000, West Indies, the Pacific, and the Brazils ; 0,771,000, France: 4,103,000, Prussia, Hamburg, and Bremen ; 924,000, Belgium; 600,000, Holland ; 27.000, Italy ; 017,000, Spain. 2,000,00 letters in all passed between this country and foreign countries and the colonies, and 2,500, 900 books, papers, and patterns. 95,500,000 books, packets, and newspapers were delivered by I post in the United Kingdom, and 625,950 packets were, sent by the pattern post. If Ash "Wednesday- should not cast a shade over the luck of Valentine's Day, our, " letter-carriers would probably have to deliver on. t"" tat a day nearer 000,00") than 500,000 extra letters. Bishop COLENSO -In reply to a remonstrance from Dr Colenso, the Archbishop of Canterbury, who had written to Bishop Gray on the subject of the dispute between him and Dr Colenso, says -"I have no hesitation in avowing that according to my best you have been duly and canonically deposed from your spiritual office, according to the common law of the Church of Christ, as set forth in the concluding paragraph of the 26th Article of the Church of England, and I must decline to hold myself responsible to you for entertaining such a belief I have never obtruded this opinion upon others in my capacity as Primate of the United Church of England and Ireland, but I have not hesitated to avow my) private opinion when it has been sought for Now, when my counsel was asked by those who were in doubt and difficulty, did I shrink from imparting it I never expected that my letter would have been given to the public, 1101 am I respon site for the fact but as those to whom I addressed it have thought fit to publish a portion of it, I do not disavow the sentiment therein expressed At any rate, I could not have objected to the course they thus took from any apprehension that I might one day be called to sit as a judge in j out case, because I have high legal authority for saying that the e appears to be no mode of proceeding by which I could be legally) called upon to act in that capacity) The censure therefore which you would impute to me on this ground proves to be entirely * " I am ask me to point out the \- story without foundation shot, errors to which I have alluded, I have merely to race you to the reasons for your deposition, as stated in the judgment of deprivation passed upon you, and to state my belief that for such c rors in doctrine an English clergyman would have been ejected from his care I am not aware that I have ever endorsed with my approval ever) act of Bishop Gray connected with your deposition up to the time at which you j ii rote, as you seem to assert No one can more deeply deplore than I do the present unhappy condition of the diocese of Natal, but let God be the judge with, whom rests the responsibility of this lamentable division in a regularly constitute branch of the Church of Christ The question whether chimney sweeps in the CITY duty clothes are allowed to travel in railway carrots, 16 to be raised at the Newcastle County Court At Barrslcv a woman, named Alice Dobb, sin. I custody, charged with attempting to poison her daughter, son in -law, and" three- grandchildren, by mixing arsenic with their food ' An old lady died (apparently) at Guildford the other day, and was laid out Just however, before the body was to be named as the grave, the lad) woke up and married out of the room in which she had been laid A triple marnaDe in one family took place last week at Lyons the Ottee couples, representing; three generations, were united by the same priest, and at a ball in the evening they figured in the same quadrille-father, son, and grandad laughter, with their respective spouses THE FIRST TEMAN Finn, better jVnovj i Ins and as Turn M'Comhail, flourished in Perth met during the third century of the Christian era It is the general opinion among the common people that I am was a giant, some say sixty feet in height A among hie Finn, who pass away in the twilight of history, It we long shadows behind them We find it difficult to believe that great heroes were little men His rare. is the Fingal of Macpherson v h has made a Scotch man of him The poet Thomas Moore in his History of Ireland, ' says, "It has been the fate of this popular Irish hero, after a long course of traditionaL renown in this country, where his name still lives, not only in legends and songs but in the yet more indelible record of scenery connected with his memory to have been all at once transferred b< adoption (kidnapping we should say to another country (Scotland), to start under a new but if the shape in a fresh career of fame " When '. Tommy Moore ' penned these ii words, he little thought that the great hue and supporter of the real house of Cormac was to start, or to be started a third time, as the leader or representative of a set of Red Republicans, of adv venturers and shop boys It is enough to make the ghost of this rush hero burst the bars of Hades, and denounce these beggarly rebels whom he would not have em- ployed is " drams, or horseback, to his car air) " This celebrated warrior, 'sajsDr O'Donovan in his notes on the " Annals of Ireland, " had two grand residences in Leinster , one in Almhum in the county of Kildare, and the other in Aleghelle now Mayor, in the King s County He was the son-in-law of King Cormac, and General of his standing army, which, as Pinkerton remarks, seems to have been in imitation of the Roman legions -shilling Magazine A FRENCH'S AUNO CLUB-The Sport publishes some details of the newly established Cercle des Past- Years, or Skaters' Club, for Paris Its founders have obtained the concession, for nineteen years of a basin about 280 yards long and 20 yards wide, situated between the Garden of Acclimatisation and the Port de Madrid to be surrounded by an iron railing A. chalet will be elected for the accommodation of the members, and will contain a refreshment room and a pavilion for the Emperor the bed of the basin will be laid with concrete The small lake of the Plaine des Sports is also reserved for the club, and in case of: insufficiency. other pieces of water will be designed by the municipal authorities During the frosty season the enclosed basin will be lit by the electric light, and grand night fetes be given The club also intends to or ganise other out door sports such as pigeon shooting, cricket, croquet, bowls, etc , during the fine weather. The members of the club are limited to 100 Just stirs AS A COUNSEL Some times he met a witness who was his match, and the laugh was turned against him Thus one day, in cross examining a countryman in a leathern doublet he bawled out You fellow in the leathern double, what have you. for swearing "Truly, sir, answered the witness, " if you have no more for lying than I have for swear- ing you might wear a leathern doublet as well as L" On another occasion, when he was Recorder of London being displeased with the evidence of a witness with a long beard, he observed that, " If his con science were as large as his health, he would swear any thing ' ' My lord, ' replied the man, " if our lordship measures conscience by beards, your lord- ship has none at all British Quarterly Review M. "A or D o\ VIEW there is no denying that Vienna with its cathedral tower, its lovely women, its parade of luxury, its unequalled situation amongst the countless mazes of the Danube, on the way ing bosom of that smiling plain that slopes upon all sides to the enclosing hill crowded too, as it is with feelings of the greatest composers there is no dear ing that "A Terms must be a genial soil for the imagination of a musician And often, as I have looked at it from the mountains, it has come into my mind how many a time Beethoven must have restlessly turned his eyes to that distant Alpine range, how often must Mozart with dreamy gaze have followed. the course of the Danube as it flows through grove and forest, and how father Haydn may frequently have scanned the cathedral tower, shaking his head the while at its giddy height Bring together in one picture the Danube, the tower, and the distant Alps , breathe over all a faint odour of catholic incense, paid you will have Vienna before you and in precence of that charming landscape will feel chords string in. your be cast which would otherwise never have been struck -The Shilling Magazine ANTVOOMSTIC Rvcr---TheJow would not bend in. sport In chess, in custom, and in character, the native and the stranger were as rivals and attended to each other forbidden by law and by habit which is stronger than law to eat of the same 113ft, to drink of the same cup, to he on the same bed, to walk with the same staff A jar, a knife, a sack which a stranger touched with his fingers be, one in the eyes of a Jew unclean lips dark and unsocial sent had no eyes to see among the blithe and radiant Greeks it was a Jewish feeling, based on what the feepaiaU3timagined tobe Ins Sacred law Bait in order that two men shall not come together, it is only required that one shall fly from the other A dozen genera turns of Greeks and Jews ' and lived in the same w acres of Galilee, and the people had. grown As near cr 111 love and yellowish 3 than they were the day when one side-was led with triumph and the other crushed by. great Nor was a change of their relations likely to come about as long as it 0 empire of Tcwishlavv shot Id but How could I,, come to pass in a nation of, Separatists A Jew could not sleep in a Gie "k city , a SS man was not suffered to enter 1 a Hebrew Floors speaking, ther,, in a broad way of this is a rapid on of Gallie it may be h all that the Greeks lived in in other'. cities, the Jews 111 01 en towns, the «*\r.au8 111 huts and sheds, the Arabs in stomachic ton's The note Land, by Mr. Hely to, th Dr ron A GOOD 1*,\U.<-F -IA a certain. parish on the screens not long since, an old clergyman, who had got into one-handed helped observed that one of his hearers was becoming rather irregular in his attend 'great cities Of course the clergyman felt it his llulTJ to visit the backslider, and he accordingly went t0 the house but the garden was not in He inquired of the wife why John was so seldom at church now "Oh she replied, without the least hesitation, "that young man we've got years so loud that John cannot sleep see comfortable as he did when, preaching- vessel eapcacctblv "-helso left'. 