! The Melbourne Out). Dear. Bew,,— Everything connected witli ;hoturf in' Victoria is, at the presbnt tinio, 11 flat, stalo, and ' unprofitable';!'',' and '.' until tho nominations for the great 'spring bvetit make their appearance, wo may oxpect a con tinuance of the dullness which now rqigus,in place of the excitement wo may antioipatb'in' the' merry ' spring time. Vi''',Botweon' April and November— tho Omega' .; ^^and'. Alpha' of racing in' Viotoria— tlierocomes d six months' mtorrpgnum popularly and; conventionally supposed to boa period 'of unmitigafe'd'bar ronncss ana inactivity.', , But there is a creat amount of fallacy in tin's nbtion, for as' far as reirards tho tiirf and its votaries a 'portion of tho.' so-called'', 'dull 'season', is' practidally tho busiest . and most anxioua timo^of tlio whole year. Of cburso I alludo to tho period subsequent to. the appearanco of tho weighta or the 'groat go' in tho apringj whdn every lovor of tho noblo.paatimo oagoriy' arialy8es tho imposts upon tho difforont ndes, looks' out for tho most likely horse to do .the trick, . and invests his liver, or ,'tonner^ accordingly,! full of hope, at tho same time, that ho may. pull off a 'good thing.' ; Speculation, then,' iceomes bri8kor 'and brislter; and up to the tiino of starting tho 'exoitoment 'never flags. ??; ? ' , ;../?? .':^ ;? ;''; .-.' /.: ? ?;'' I'hero being nothing, hotter to; do, the majority of bur sporting writers are. harping upon tho handicapping string, which is likely to become a standing dish, at least for a littlo while to comb., Tho captain has madb a start, with 'Beacbn'' anil Mr.' Dowling in his wake. '_ The gallant captain holds his own, and his argument ia a very atroiig one. Your able correspondont, ' Voltigeur,' deals with tho lnattor in a workmanlike manner, and, judging from his remarks, seems to fully understand what is needed ; but his idea that the handicap for. tho last' Melbourne Cup was a bad ono is decidedly wrong. , It, may havo; appeared so upon paperi but the residtwas one of the greatest triumphs in tho scionco of handicapping over achieved— tho highest and lowest weighted aged horses being close together, with', tho two top weighta, amongst. tho threo-yr-olds, , and a modnun- woiglitod mare Ui'olose attendanco. Spmo individual (who apparently has boon perusing Baily's Magazine) makes an on slaught on. Fisherman's . stoclc, and cracks lip thatr-of his own horse, I was going to say ? of his own ideal sire, WarhawK. ? , This subject has been, worn but in your columns. and well do Ireniomber tho dressing. your Fisherman champion, 'The General, gavo ' Old Chum' and others. Fisherman needs no champion now, tho deeds;o£ hta progony sneak aloud for his oxccUenco, as a sire, arid all tho 'f bunkum' that may .be ?written against him cannot injuro tho reputation of tho only great siro wo over possessed. I. suppose Darkio, who is now over 19 years of ago, will bo tho. only siro fit to tako War hawk's plaoo at tho stud. Wo are told that Mr. Fisher knowslittlo or nothing' about breedinp;. It aeeins very, miioh liko' it, certainly, when ho got 350 guineas mpro for a Fisherman foal of his breeding than was offered for Wat hawk, who once was con sidered Al in this colony, but since tho ad-? vent of Fisherman 'has been offored for sale no ond of times, and nobody would go abbvo 200, guineas for him. '' I sop. two 01, 'tho failures' get havo finished' in a canter at Sydney, tlrst and secorid again.' : Oh 1 what a 'failure' ho lias been I Bather say an eye soro to certain interested individuals. But moro of this anon. . \ '..'?.' \- I did not intend to trouble you with any thing concerning Fisherman, o_r any other sire, this week ; but'noticing in a contem porary an attack upon Fisherman, and Messrs. Moffatt and Fishor, in which an ? individual states that the formor is a failure, and the latter aro ' flash' moh with' their monoy, I could not help having a shy ; at him. . My preaont object is to, give an idea of- those horses that liayo ]-orformed respectably enough to bo entitled to a placo on tho nomi nation, list fqr the next Melbourne Cup. Thoro is a great diversity of opinion as. to tho prospects of tho 'great betting raco' of the year, somo porsims holding that it -will bo a great failure— tho inauguration of tho Cham pion Raco having completely spoilt its proa [icota— while others maintain that it will bo a brilliant success, adducing as their argumont that (ho majority of tho horses entered for tho Melbourne Cup aro not good enough to hayo a chanco in one of those 'bulwarks of the service,' a long woight-for- age race. I inolino to tho ' latter opinion, and am per fectly satisfied that tho latter will not in tho least affect the prestiges of tho most oxoiting race wb have in Victoria. And now. to my task. Panic's great effort last year, with lOst on his back, was quito good onough to induce his worthy owner to give him anothor ohanea Tho time in which, he did his' two .miles was quick enough to win twelve out of fifteen Melbourno Cups. ,Truo, his sub sequent running was not up to this form, but it is quito likely, with a littlo rest, ho may return to his spring condition, and como out liko 'aciaut rofreshed.' I fancy this fine son of Alarm will again head tho list for tho Mqlboumo Cup, and should his woight bo what it ought' to bo ho will make tho boat of them lift thoir logs pretty briskly to lick him. From Mr. Charles Fisher's establishment it is quite on the cards he may nominate no less tliatt nino-^^z., Anglor, Lady Heron, Smuggler, The Dano, Fish Hook, Budelicht, Sea Xfull, Mariliyrnong, and Syron ! This lot bonstitutos a field in itsolf, and our'han dicappors could, with them alone, produco a raco worthy of a Uqus., When .Mr. MofTattr tho gentleman who '.'fought' so gallantly for Fish Hook— purchased Tho Sign, ho, no il.ti.1il- Itnrl fl,n XTniiinu^nn film nnrl filmm. pion Raco 'in his oyo ;' and for both these groat ovonta I oxpect to. see tho son of Omen ontered. That best of Sydnoy sportsmon, Mr. John Tait, is bound to have another shy. He has in his string three horses who have run quite well enough to deserve a chance in the fray— viz., S.'r Patrick, Falcon, and Clove, Volunteer will bo reaoryed for tho Champion. Whothor any ; of : Mri Toil's co\\\freres liavo nluok ' enough to try conclu sions in tho Cup is a maltor of groat doubt Thon, aguin, thero ia that pluoky, but rathor unlucky sportsman, Mr. W. Pearson, who has backed Sparrowhawk for something con siderable, and intends to havo o shy. with him and Viscount,'' Don O'ConrioU has per formed to' the ontiro satisfaction of. his owner, who'is ft 'good man and triio,' and, I am told, tho great Irish patriot will also do bottlo for tho 'land of quartz.' Sam ^Val dock; always 'aagamo as a pobblo,'is,sure to havo' a out in j and i'imbrol, Maidstono,. and Lunatic,' in tho same : stable, aro not to be sneezed at, and ore ' ' very Hkoly to be 'no minatcil Riveriiid has lately proved herself a first-class maro,,orid baa greatly surpassed hordoiuga in thbspring; Sh6iathopro))ortyof agonuinu anortsmon, who isiii oostacies about hor, Slio waa a vory roapootablo third last, year, and may improvo her position tho aecond timo of oskiug, ; Shophordosa is auothor of those qxcollent up-country marea who' so seldom put in an, appearance on tho metropolitan courao j I hopo to boo hor^namo amongst thoso sent in on tho 1st of Juno. Mr. L. L; Smith will, 1 understand, havo no less than throo strings to his bow— Glonyuillo, Coventry, and another.. In Covoutry ho possosses no mean horao^ and should ho cot m at anything like a reasonable woiKht,Jio shall carry ft ' tonrier' of mine. Playboy, arid Exile are likowiso owubd by pnb of tho riiiht sort, a gentloman who is always moat dangerous whoii ho is least feared. What ho has doiio with Playboy T 'cannot say, but I hopo ho has not 'oxilod' him, for ho is quito good onouj;h to rocoivo ono moro ohanco. lie who so boldly started' Fish Hook at 1500 guinoas, is so ardent an adiniror of tho sport, that wore ho possessed of a donkey only, and thorn-lit ho had tho ghost of a ohanco, he would nominate him without the slightest hesitation. Ebor, Mary Jane, and Sir Tatton also may bo looked for. It is said Barwon'- will have another throw in, but I doubt it very much. His poor legs and feet aro in such an infirm stato it would bo next to impossible for him to stand a sovero pre paration. Mr. Georgo Watson intends to try nis luck on tho flat once more with tho Tas manianMinstrel, a horso that possesses vory greatspoDd. Mr. Pear, who is nuw mina host of Morton's hotel, has brought Poet over from the 'tight little island.' Who can , forgot his running in Lantern's year, when : ho was supposed to bo about as good as a ' stiff 'un ?' Ho must not be overlooked for the 'ensuing Bpring. I am at a loss to know .whether' Mr. John Lord intends td Bond Bnayfobt arid' Nimblotoo ; bub.'as [these1 ;two. and ? Deception are about tho 'best Tasmania has produced ,- for s'otriqi years/ I shall not bo surprised] 'if they figure m' the list ' Mr. W. Field, I u'n dorstand, ^intends to' .reaervo : Strop for the rChampion ol1 Now Ye'ar's'Dayl'but' it is j list po3s|blo ho riiay send us tho ? unbeatqh' 'Kil jdavq and' another. , Lancer, Keroserib (who will bo very dangerpus next season), Day ? and. Martin, Fislierriian's Daughter, Argil's/' .Toryboyj Midsliijiman, 'William' Tell; Blair : Athpl; Hiborriid, Medora, 'First Flighti-dnd Wbbdmanj dro;all in thb'handsof good mqn, and no doubt tho majority of them will' lie entered. ! ' Mine host of tho Albion is sure to bo ' thar'Svith' hia clever' littlo grey,; She nandodh, ono of tho'Toryboy Bchool. ''The mdro ia dporfect glutton under a light weight; sho ia surb to got iri. well, and the beautiful silver cup may yet beeomb' ono of tho ' fix turea' in tho sporting housq; par excellence of Melbonrne. ' The' Adelaido' men' have madb up their minds to give us a tasto ' of ' tlibir quality, during the 'ensuing season. Thoy are loud- in their offora to . tako reasonable odds tbdt: bbth.tho Cup arid ; the Champion aro won either by a South Australian liorso or by' a South Australian man ; and with Buch animals as, Cowra, Smuggler, Tim Whifller, Midnight, and Oupboaror, with 'all Mr. Fishers string thrown in, I think they would have the best of, tho bargain. It is reported that No^v Zealand has an. idea of sonding a, couple to' try coiiolusiona' with' our ilyors. The success of Camdon and other ,Now. Zoa-. land horses is quite fresh in my momory, and if tho. Maoriqa do pay us a visit wo may roly upon havmgall our work to do to beat them. After a oaroful .summing up I havo come to ';. tho conclusion that irqni.48 to 55 may bo ahnbst depended upon. ?'??'.;?; , ' I -'??,'?'?'. . ? . V 'in OEAS&BBLOSSOM;,,, 