[?] Prometheus, the Firebringer. : By Richard Henry Home,- : Australian edition: Melbourne: H. T.D wight, 1866. Mr- Horn e, the well-known autlior:of"Orion" and several other .poems oft-, high Order, has, .ft0?! /home '3h the Blue Moiintaihs, is- sued a. f -lyricalcdrama on the cold Greek model, which has attracted the. favourable attention of even tnos.mqstjpaptiouS; critics, of the/English press. We have read several flattering reviews pf r.thepoem in |the . magazines of London and Edinburgh, /but have ;only - at ) the: present. mo ment/had "an opportunity of -perusing this latest production of Mr Horhe's phaste -and- vigorous muse.: -'For this pleasure we are indebted to Mr D wight, of Melbourne, who has published an Australian issue of. the '.'Fire-briuger" in a cheap form, having been disappointed, in receiving a supply of the< original edition'-'from England. s p:;is"Tom"arkal>ly©lTj56t-ut>V': aiid d6es much j credit to the . prihtefs, ..Messrs. Clarson, Massina and . Qoi,/oft . Melbourne. Having done this justice -to, ilie typographical appearance of the book, we" turn, with , pleasure to "a brief in quiry .into its ebutents. Mr R; TI./Horne is/ a.: genuine poet, .of the nasciturWion 'fit order,_ and his lifterury fifth o has been so eomplett-ljr established for a number of flflP0. to. add to bjhny adaitibnalehlbgihkflfhis genius.,; Still, to a feeling" of ! prifle iii" ,t he possesses at least one lyrics flflflifl'-flospDumbers cau cflarni the most sensitive ears of literary connaisseurs. in the. uecomnlishfid i cir.cl.e.s pf-;English society.' That this beautiful ; drama. should have had its birth in the wilds of Australia, rather thaii within the pfecints of ; the;leiirn,ed Huivpitiesr is not tlie'Jeast iflfer- ; estlug feature .oft the , production ; and wo con sider that all true lovers of, literature in Victoria to,its..authora debt of gratitude which they ; wiU readily confess. TVe' gather from the dedi- : cation that '.Prometheus " i3 not the result of a sudden inspiratipn; but rather;- the matured pro- ;Seuy f R deliberate;, plan formed nearly fifteen i year® X kflught, and care have tliere- tore been bestowed on its composition, and these .are abundantly evident in the finished style with wV weiTrT01:"fci0g: of ,ithe. jpoem X is treated. When Mr Horno undertook to write a drama on the model of JEschylus-he engaged in a task which very few, indeed, -r,of the modern poets would uudertak'e, and -'still fewer succCssfuliv accomplish. It was in fact a daring ambition, for the author must, of course, know that his public would be, of necessity, very limited and propor tionately hj'percritical. It required not only an intimate acquaintance with the language of the Athenians, but a true appreciation also of the spirit that inspired the famous dramatist in whose hteps he proposed to tread. It was delicate and daugerous ground, and that he should have tra- ! ITiht lb m|?te'JaUCiing llis P0Kasus securely on tae heights of Baniassas, is an achievement 1 proud C Laur01ac0 himself might well be ' The subject of the lyric is, perhapTTT most fertile in poetic imaginings ' ancient mythology supplies ; but the anil i not adopted the old fable of Prometheus -as fire from heaven to animate a statue of has given to the character of his hero an9 of spirit, and a practicalness —so to speaWf 1 ''-lj which at once converts the theft to an soif- sacrificing devotion, exercised for thn iCt o( of the entire world. Prometheus, allk himself a demigod, and therefore able to f I the result of his daring attempt to snauee I from tlie Sun in order to restore that blp t9 I the earth, still, and in spite of all persuaB'D0 I the contrary, lit his torch at the chariot of TTr to and having restored the sacred element t T degraded world, was content to be chain Vl V ulcan on the summit of Caucasus th y endure the rending of his vitals bv'rfJ31'0 eagles, to all eternity. The rage of Jupit? sympathy of Minerva, and the regret with J- the great Forge-God performed his task of Cn' i are exquisitely painted ; while the temporar y gratitude of the people, and their subsequent" pentance when the great terror of J0Vg'8 ,e< had forsaken them, are coloured with a (Tiy1Cl! and skill which, we firmly believe, nn laCy pencil than that of Mr Horne could coma / The construction of thedramaitself as to thee? changing metre, the management of the choru?-' and the loftiness of the language here, its -es' '. plicity there, are essentially of the Greek scIm' and the ingenuity with which the author?' adapted his story to the ancient lyrical model - of i'ts'eif, a subject for much admiration. 151 n- !W"e have not space for lengthy extracts® th' 'short notice, and to say sooth we are puzzled t make a- Selection from the myriads of poet' gems with; which the drama abounds. Hepha? tosj or 'rather Vulcan, (we purposely snbstitm the Latin appelatives, with which, perhaps, mo ! of-our readers are more familiar than their Greet '"Syndnynsy) endeavors todissuadePrometheusfrnm his rash design. ,... - . !' "... Man is not worth the risk Which you incur. Ungrateful is the race, By nature,, more especially to those ' : Who serves them most, and sacrifice thenrelves ' ' The Titan demi-god however, answers— ' A' Tha.fc/quesHon forms no part ot my design. k Full oft when man hath cause for gratitude b ."Some gall-drops lie beneath, that he . should need Such! service. Yearnings for a vague perfection Fret the/fine roots of his imperfct nature. ' # These poor begiunings of the human race, Are centuries distant from such noble themes ' t Therefore, speak not again of gratitude. f i Eventually/ Vulcan desists from persuasion finding bow determined liis friend is, and retires to bis forge. "in the crater of Mount Etna. Pro. 'metheus (%)— !' So— he stumbles off' /.'iciThe gTeat' Artificer of the Gods, retires,— Ascending zig-zag tow'rds his lofty forge < Marknow the actual business of the hour ' ' The-marblb quaiTy, aud the granite rock, Are solid masses of unshapely stone, Till mind- aud hand the ponderous block . - r inspire ; Prepare ye therefore to receive a gift, The greatest mortals ever can receive— : ; - - (Except those gifts they cannot comprehend), One which shall give them skill and mastery "'"Over all metals, and all earthly forms.;— For . I am destined now to scale the Heavens, " V And bring down Fire, which Man shall keep . , fox- ever. ........ H The earth is broad enough for each man's bread, And work, like food, is man's necessity. Only a slavish mind can be enslaved; E'en though Olympos' Ruler crushed his form; For 'tyrauts thrive best on man's dreamy fears, " Thus liberty is lost. ; Fear groundless fears, < r Into the futui-e.gazing, I perceive "Imagination works more influence, For-greatest evils or for highest good, JThah-'all. man's other faculties combined: Now dot-H it lift a man beyond himself, Till he/appears a disembodied soul, Equal 'to-god-like action ; now, it scares him - With airy danger— evils that never come— .Siding with indolence, and slakening nerve, Arming and pluming Incapacity, In those whose strong desire to have and hold, Mistakes itself for efforts well applied, And worthiness; to win. Z But oh, my sons, What fear has! lost in this rude twilight age, ,Is;trivial -to/the losses yet to come ! . One thing promise ye, it shall not cause .The loss of this commanding element "Y'e need, for uses without number. The story is, of course, chiefly told in the cho- .russes, all of which are beautifully conceived, !and many displaying a poetic fervor and imagi nation which we do not think can be well sur- 'passed.' Take, for example, the following— I All/graceful are the flowers f j Qn "the plains beneath the sea, And the/gleaming Ghosts aud Shadows, : Thai dilating come-and flee ! - But the/caves of black coral, ! And depths of emerald gloom, X "': We'wili sefck — land hot speak— - But/ think Curses on this doom ! # . . . r- - 1 WeTwatider through 'the waves N""'' And the glimm'ring caves of Tethys; . f O'er thesanc»s, and salt strands, v !;"' And the weedy rocks of Metis ; To the groves and alcove's, k-- Where the Oread's seat is, ( And the. Syrens chant our sacred theme But-each morn, isles of spawn X- In the- East lie burning, - r It ever brings to mind, With its glories returning, " ! Oui- -fathers' lost thrones — Till with mad passion yearning, Werpluuge to our deep, deep Dream ! The contrast between the heroic blank verse put into the mouths of Prometheus, .Minerva, Venus "and Vulcan, and the "light tripping measure" of the chorusses is excessively charm ing,, and .gives the author abundant opportunity for / displaying his thorough acquaintance witn the various metres that were employed by Gree dramatists. We are sorry we cannot treat oar readers to many extracts from these delight u passages in the poem, but we are sure that t ey will be charmed with the following, which com mences the '"Choral Dance" — In our night-time, — Deep darkness ! .... .Our day-path, as markless — OiiT life's earth as sparkless, , „ / ... Man .was like his own shade. 7: / For-jhe knew" not his measure,— His hard lot, or treasure, His plague-spot-, or pleasure, — . / ... , /, ... Were by himself made. But from twilight, -this morning, God aud Goddess gave warning,— 'Hope's .fresh beams adorning ! "/; X ; Our land and our sea. \- For the Titan is earuiug A victory burning : " r; Our destiuies turning, ! To make the slave free I With tfle above we must unwillingly cjos notice of " Prometheus, the Fire- bringer, bu cannot do so without expressing a strong _ K, ; that genius. such- as Mr Horne has displaye : not be allowed to slumber unrewarded ;bleak heigflts of the Blue; Mouutains. lh® : thor hints, in his dedication, that th's is pro 1 the last jioetic woi'k he will offer to the P For the sake of his own fame, and the liter of his adopted couutry, we trust that he wi i encouraged to woo the Muses again, even t s he be compelled to do; so uuder all the d,sa . tages which residence in the Australian bus tails. When the Rev. Dr B — obtained the hong degree of Doctor of Divinity, a farmer m t r took au early opportunity of stating the his shepherd, with whom the minister was j ticular favorite. " You will be glad to hea ' . e(j ; that the Uuiversity of St. Andrews has on our minister a doctor's degree.'' " surprised at that," said the shepherd. twenty jTears syne he cured my wife oa co ; should have -been a doctor lang syne ! " 