CHAPTER VI. RAIN. The February sun glinted, on the -forest leaves pleasantly enough shooting and sparkling over the landscape, as only an Australian February sun can. A cheerful breeze, bearing on its wings the salt smell of the roaring ocean, just blew with sufficient strength to impart a gentle motion to the giant gum tree branches, and made the glossy leaves of the fig tree and myrtle shake and shiver in the twinkling air. Towards noon the sea wind lost a good deal of its freshness, and stole whispering among the undergrowth, or twisted about the upper lance-like foilage of the mimosas, as if it had a good deal on its mind to tell about something impending, but didn't like to say much about it at present. A glassy glare danced over the road and shot fiercely around the cropping bolders ; while, in the distance, above the incessant twitter twitter' of insect life, which only seems to declare its satisfaction in the midst of such intense heat, the far-off boom of the breakers fell solemnly on the ear, and an attentive listener could almost detect the sound of waters hissing over the beach. Everything gave evidence that a storm was brewing, and the signs of the approaching change in the weather were familiar enough to one of two travellers who were jogging along the road from Kiama to Gerringong. The one alluded to was none other than the Mr. Harley Ravensden who figured in the first pages of our story-a trifle paler-looking than when we noticed him then ; but even now pleased enough with himself and everybody else to send his laughter ringing through the woods. By the will of the murdered Mr. Dansby he had handled some of the cash which the old man had so religiously destined for other fingers, and now, after the mental shock he had sustained, and the nervous excitement produced by the disclosures at the inquest, he was journeying on a fortnight's trip through the semi- tropical scenery of Illawarra, for the benefit of his health. His present companion, whom he had encountered on board the steamer from Sydney, was almost an entire stranger to Aus- tralian cities, and completely so to the district through which he was now travelling ; but Mr. Ravensden, having discovered in the course of conveisation that Mr. Fawchester's destination was the same as his own, volunteered to escort him through all the mishaps and dangers that constitutes what is called 'colonial experience.' . Mr. Fawchester was taking his first lesson in riding, and what with a stoney road rising and falling in continuous and very abrupt gradations, and a jolting horse, which flung its feet about as if performing an Ethiopian 'break-down, he began most devoutly to wish the journey at an end. " Have we much farther to go before reaching the town, sir?" he asked faintly, as they gained the hill side, where the road wound round the tall rise of Mount Pleasant, from, whence they could see the purple line of the Pacific clearly defined in the distance, and the snowy surf bursting and breaking about craggy cape and reef. ''To what town?" enquired his companion. "To that place with an outlandish name, which you kindly mentioned when we landed from the steam-packet," explained Mr. Fawchester. " I cannot, for the life of me, remember the namesof your towns, for none of them seem to end with a 'shire' or a 'bury,' but with some dweadful 'gong,' 'bong,' or 'long.' " "Oh, you mean Gerringong," remarked Mr. Ravensden; "when we reach the foot of the hill, half an-hour's canter over the flat will carry us into that magnificent town of some six or seven slabs huts." "What a dweadful name-slab, " cried Mr. Fawchester, " in the name of all that's howwid and mysterious, what does such an expwession mean?-something animal, minewal, or vegetable? as we used to say in the game at school.'' " Vegetable it is," laughed Ravensden, " and you will soon be able to see and handle for yourself, if you like to put spurs to your horse and galop him over the level." " Oh ! don't mention anything half so howwid,'' said Mr, Fawchester, as quickly as he could drawl it out. " Spurs ! good gwacious ! I should be off in a minute, if not wather sooner. Before to-day I never could do anything on a horse, you know, except a gentle walk, and thèn a man held the dweadful cweachaw by the bwidle all the time. Why, I've been sticking my toes into his sides all the way from Ki-, what's-its-name-that place we landed at-until my legs have both got the cwamp, for fear I should touch him with my heels. It's a gweat bore, you know, to have a horse, unless you've gol somebody to wide it for you ; isn't it, now, Mr. Wavensden?" Mr Ravensden laughed, but as he could not conscientiously subscribe to this opinion he held his peace, and did not break the silence until they drew rein before the only public-house Gerringong could boast of. The horses drew up at once, and plunged their reeking noses into the long hollowed log which rested on two stumps and fulfilled the time-honoured duty of a horse-trough, while the travellers passed under the lengthy verandah and entered the small but comfortable sitting-room of the hotel. The landlord was speedily in attendance, and received instruc- tions to set out an early dinner, as they intended resuming their journey in a couple of hours ; at least, so said Mr. Ravensden, although his companion '' pwotested against such an ideaw,' and rang the bell to enquire of the host when government in- tended making a "wailwoad to Shoalhaven, to put an end to the pwesent beathtly mode bf twansit ?" While the meal was in preparation, the elements got up a little interlude on their own account. Black, silver-edged clouds, like children's funeral palls, swayed grandly on the mountain ridges, and gloomy masses, changing ever and anon into ghastly whiteness, rolled heavily down into the gullies as if they had lost their balance, getting entangled among the tree-tops in a helpless manner ; while the low growl of thunder leaped from rock to rock, and the breaking wave sent up an answering growl from the bay. The wind had subsided, suddenly, and seemed holding its breath for the next round, and a quivering pinky streak of lightning seared the face of the sky, losing itself behind the woody bluffs. Then the rain began to descend in large clots; not in a gentle shower, but as if huge drops of sweat were fall- ing from nature's heated brow. Mr. Ravensden and his companion walked out to the veran- dah, and seeing ihe unsettled state of the weather, had the horses stabled ; and not too soon, for a heavy breeze came, lift- ing the hitherto listless leafage of red gum and 'woolly butt,' surging along with a wild melancholy sound like the noise of a prairie fire. Then the rain came in long sweeping gusts, and the light- ning, red and fiery, darted among the forest trees like a wild thing, throwing out in bold golden splendour the rough boles of the iron barks and the smooth shining stems of the ghostly gums. The violent rain washed the red dust from the roadside grass and soon creek- courses were filled with a rushing torrent which rolled along merrily, while the drops fell from the hanging eaves with a sound not at all unmusical. This state of things continued for nearly an hour, and as the weather showed no indications of getting out of its angry mood the travellers adjourned to the dining-room and discussed the dinner, which seemed all the more cozy and comfortable when compared with the war and turmoil outside. A couple of roast ducks, with a well-cut ham, fish (boiled and fried), with oysters from the neighbouring Crooked River ; with sundry light and tasty articles in pastry, and a dessert of fruit, with luscious cream and clear golden honey fresh from the hive, formed a repast that gratified the taste of even the fastidious Mr. Fawchester ; and he was fain to admit at its conclusion that Australia wasn't such a bad place after all, "if it wasn't for its woads and fewocious names." The storm having had it all its own way, got ashamed of its temper at last, and, with a smart palting shower of hailstones, travelled away seaward, on the look-out for a stray vessel or two. The rain, however, still hung about, and a leaden tinge rested on the clouds, indicative of more bad weather, as our two friends again sat in saddle and resumed their journey to Shoalhaven. Rivensdon could scarcely refrain from laughing at the gri- maces and mournful ejaculations of his companion, but sought to amuse him with conversation, and with such little informa- tion as the various turns of the road suggested, he having travelled the same path before. There was one gloomy spot about three-quarters of a mile from Gerringong, with which a melancholy tradition was con- nected. The arching trees, locking overhead, exclude the sun- light and impart an air of cathedral solemnity to the place. Heavy masses of huge staghorn fern bunch out from the lofty fig trees, and hang their immense fronds, like scutcheons, in the twilight; while ropy vines twist their serpent folds round the mossy trunks, shaping them out into fluted pillar and archi- trave, or hanging like bell ropes from a church tower, till you are almost tempted to..look up and listen for the deep-toned peal above. The ground is always moist in these dim-lighted spots, and strange masses of lichen and fungi creep over the stones, where ferns of every imaginable tint, from pale green to blood red, revel in the damp soil. A little to the right of the track, going from Gerringong to Shoalhaven, stands an old saw-pit and frame, long since deserted, and now overgrown with brushwood and interlaced with the pliant twigs of the Kurrajong, the home of the wild cat and bandicoot. There is a local legend to the effect that, long before Gerrin- gong was thought of as a township, two men cut their way into the dense masses of the cedar-brush, and, putting up a rude gunyah, fitted this frame, and went to work cheerily as sawyers. After, a sojourn of some weeks, at midnight a tribe of wild eager-eyed blacks closed round them in a deadly semi-circle, and brained them as they lay before their camp fire-brained them for the sake of their little stock of flour, tea, and tobacco. Now, in the still, quiet time of night, the sharp grating up and down sound of the 'cross-cut' is heard, regularly and ceaselessly passing through the log which the men had com- menced on the evening of the murder, but not finished, and so the ghostly task goes on even to this day, always persevered in, but never finished. Such is an outline of the tale with which Mr. Ravensden enlivened the way, until his companion besought him to stop, as he had " always voted ghost stowies a bore." " They're calculated to make a fellah's beathtly hair stand on end," he argued ; "that was the way, you koow, with that fellah Hamlet, and, by Jove, I believe it's been the same way ever since ; at least, I know it's been so with me." There was no change in the weather as they rode down the steep, stone-strewn declivity leading to the Crooked River, and plashed through its waters, not without further disaster to Mr. Fawchester. The rain still descended as they cantered over the hard white shining sand of the Twelve-mile Beach, whose snowy breast forms the principal line of communication betweem Gerringong and Shoalhaven. So hard was the sand near where the billows laved it, that their horses' hoofs scarcely made deeper impression than they would have done on an ordinary modern macadamized road. They even passed two or three heavily-loaded bullock drays, whose wheels just left two faint lines, occasionally obliterated by the silvery surf, as the waves playfully curled about the fetlocks of the oxen, and washed over the bare feet and legs of the driver. About five miles from the Crooked River, the track turns suddenly inland through the thick belting edge of tea tree, and emerges on the Berry Estate, where the numerous and sub- stantial blocks of brick buildings and out-offices lay rightful claim to the title of town. Our travellers passed through the throng of staring idlers and crowd of clamorous sheep and cattle dogs that usually hang about a large station, and then they began to descend towards the expansive level through which the Shoalhaven winds its sluggish course. Away to the right rose the sudden grassy cone of Coolan- gatta, the rounded sides clothed with verdure, and tufted almost to its summit with short bushy trees, bunching out at intervals. Behind this hill the dark line of the Good Dog Mountains (a range running parallel with the river) threw up their black massy ridges, like a gigantic wall. With splashed sides and clogged hoofs, the horses gladly turned from the muddy road into the short lane leading to the ferry, and walked into the flat- bottomed punt appointed for their conveyance, as quietly as if they were entering their stable for a feed. There was an air of dull heavy quietude hanging over the river, that seemed to cling about its banks, rest on its face, and mix with its being generally. The waters looked yellow and muddy, the mangroves looked correspondingly muddy, and so did a large pelican who stood lazily out on a sand-flat, with his head tossed back and his huge bill resting on what should have been his snowy breast, if he hadn't had on such an execrable dirty shirt-front. Striking through the town of Numba, and away to the south- ward, the track pursued by Mr. Ravensden and his companion led over extensive levels, rich with bountiful crops of Indiani maize, which, in some parts, had attained the height of eight or nine feet, and shot its tasselled tops and bursting cobs higher than the heads of the horsemen. When they arrived at their destination (Burramulla, the re- sidence of Mr. Drummond), they were met at the gate by the proprietor himself, who had been riding over to Terrara, and now gave each of his visitors a hearty welcome, even before opening the envelopes of their respective letters of introduction. " Good, evening, Mr. Ravensden ; good evening, Mr. Faw- chester. I was apprised of your intended visit, gentlemen, and have been anxiously looking out for you ; for our rough place seldom wears the sociable aspect which new faces are calculated to impart. Hi, Andy ! lead the horses in ; and you, gentlemen,, come in and change your wet clothes at once, for the dampness in these low parts is apt to strike sharply at those not accus- tomed to it." Neither Mr. Fawchester nor his companion were slow in accepting the invitation of their host, and the eye of the former was much struck with what he termed the " peculiar English order and taste" with which the flower-beds fronting the house, were laid out. Trim-cut hedges, with the gloss and glitter of the rain still hanging to them, divided the garden into convenient plots and pleasant walks ; while clumps of brilliant shrubs, whose flowers exceeded in beauty and variety of colouring the rainbow just then flickering on the eastern clouds, gratified the senses of sight and smell. The house itself was built on a stone terrace, which rendered it dry and airy in ordinary wet seasons ; and the steps and ap- proaches to this esplanade were ornamented with blocks of curious lime-stone, and coral, and huge shells ; together with some quaint pots and vases of Chinese manufacture, out of whose mouths grew the ruby-flowering cactus, and that one which sends out a pale pink blossom on its long prickly streamers. Two gigantic trees, with branches and foliage of a peculiarly low spreading character, afforded shade and shelter to the cot- tage, which was large and commodious-built of stone, with long French folding doors, and light verandah-posts arched with fantastic tracery, and clustered with huge masses of brilliant ipomea. Looking out from this verandah, the line of vision was long and uninterrupted. Trending away eastward, towards Jendy | handy, the course of the old Crookhaven Creek lay before you, while, fronting the homestead, were pleasantness and paddock«, with corn almost ready for the sickle, and sturdy lines of dwarf vines, whose sunburnt leaves scarce hid the purple clusters peep- ing from among them. These, again, in the far distance, gave place to the hazy tide of the river and the Good Dog Range, whose mighty bluffs hung bleak and glittering through the masses of rolling fog which draped them. As the new arrivals declined taking more than, a glass of sherry and a biscuit before tea was served, the master of Burra- mulla, after introducing them to the members of his family, engaged them in conversation on the verandah, where they had an opportunity of scanning the scene we have so imperfectly attempted to describe. There was one feature bf the landscape which immediately attracted the attention of the visitors-that was the figuré of a girl seated in the recess at one end of the balcony, with some unfinished work resting in her lap and the needle held listlessly between the finger and thumb, as if something had suddenly arrested the last stitch. A dress of the deepest mourning set off her girlish frame, and brought out her pale well-formed features to advantage--so delicately shapen was she, and withal so motionless, that she seemed the bright creation of some painter's happiest moments. When the skies, now gloomed with clouds, revelled in their most glorious blue, they must have loved to gaze into the answering melting hue of her eyes; and certainly never sunset left a mellower tinge on mountain, sea, or cloud, than the golden light which twined and quivered in her curls, while a gentle suffusion of blood lurked beneath her cheek, just suf- ficient to counteract the marble statue-like paleness, and prove its owner a woman ' ripe and real.' (To be Continued.) 