VTCTOBTA. We find the following^ in the Geelong Register:—u Reliable accounts from those who indiscriminately rushed to the New Zealand golà^fields, on the first newrs being made public, aire constantly beipg receive^, but they only teiid to show, invariably, tü» folly of leaving îéi ^ubst&npe; to grasp at $ shadow. We have before given au ágeouat of the adventures of twa composite ft* wha left this office to join in the rush and of their ñon success. From a letter received by the last mail, we give some further particulars. The writer, sitting on the floor of a hut, and using a. stool for a desk, says :—4 Every one gives it as his opinion that this is the last place the Almighty made, and, Saturday night.intervening, it has remained unfinished.. Of all the places for rain this béats all. It comes down just like out of a bucket, raining as much as two fee¿ in a night._ We have at last got work—the paper, here being turned into " daily." I would not advise any one to come here, as, tnough he "might" be lucky, there is a greater chance of leaving bones here, or getting drowned in attempting to cross rivers. I have knocked ont a living ever since I came here by selling papers on the diggings, going fairly up to my middle in raud and water, and then going in my wet. clothes at night to sell papers in the town, j besides playing a fiddle in a public-house, j One day I picked up a shipwrecked coat, and j sold it for 10s. However, I now sing the old j song, V Hard times comes again no more j and if I leave this office, I am straight back to j Victoria.' '' ! A timber-splitter, on the bank of the] Murrumbidgee, a few miles from Hay, feeling inclined-'to solace himself with the weed,! which he kept in his bed ready cut in a bottle, ' was not a little surprised the other day when j he put in his hand to get the tobacco, to find! a black snake in possession. His hand came i in contact with something unusually cold, and as it moved he started back, and his snake -ship unrolled himself. The snake made off, jbut was overtaken aud despatched ; he mea sured over four feet in length. People cannot be to careful of these deadily reptiles, which seem too be particularly fond of warmth and blankets, and, if we mistake not, tobacco. The habit of keeping tobacco in bed, if it did attract the snake, has been the means of saving life ; for through this very fact the venomous creature was discovered. Getting into bed wtth one of these pests would be rather awkward ; the very thoughts makes one's blood ri?n cold.;—Riverine Adevrtiser, Jan. 31. Some rather interesting particulars of the 1 career of a sharper are giveá by the Gipps Land Times of Tuesday last. The Times says :—ltWe have apparently, got more to learñ of the talents and transactions of Loxley, the accomplished 4 Jeremy Diddler', who so recently graced Sale with bis presence and a specimen .of his powers. In our last issue we left him in hot haste after the Melbourne coach, which he seems to have pulled up at Rösedale. There he managed to pay his fare to Melbourne with another 'flukey ' cheque. On arriving at Melbourne he went straight to Messrs Dálmáhoy Campbell and Co., and there represented that he had just arrived from Gipps Land; that he had a mob of cattle on the road, and on the strength of this modestly solicited an advanace of £100. Messrs Campbell and Co., however, took the precaution to telegraph to Messrs Pettit, Macarthur and Co., at Sale, and instructed Mr Loxley to J1 call again.' In the meantime Mr Anderson had returned from Bairnsdale, where he had presented the cheque given to him by Loxley for the- jewellery, and was. in-, formed» as was expected, that there were ' no funds.' The reply sent to the telegram was from Captain Slade to have the gentleman arrested, as there were warrants already out 'for his apprehension. Whether Loxley has. 4 called again ' and met with his deserts does not appear, but we doubt not he will soon be in safe keeping.' It has been clearly ascertained that the late firglhrpke out in. a hut where,a few months since Ah Lay Ty hanged himself ; this, and certain: other mysterious circumstances, hâve evoked the grim features of Mongolian superstitian into intense action,- and the devil is » universally -accused of setting fire to the camp: The imt" of Ah Lay Ty, from the" time of his. death, has been regarded with. profound awe, every necessary observance: having been practised to keep it clear from evil spirits, but without effect, as it has been nightly haunted, not by the deceased, but by a legion of ghostly apparitions, ^ alleged to be imps of the devil who has potent influence, overthe localityof a suicfÖe, ai id'continues in possession until the troubled1 «pint of the deceased is finally «xorciséd. Up till a few days before the conflagration no person would venture to occupy this hut, although Aü Gin, a brother of deceased, offered it to any pomer gratuitously. Every night lamps have been kept shades, and the choicest food, as been spread out on the table, butstill.the restlessspirit .ofAfa Lay Ty. disturbed the watchers, ci the night. Often thedíorloni hiu has been offered to any poor travelling Chinamen arrivingat the camp hungry and«swagwora, andwithoutaplaee of shelter, and as spon as these learned its históiy they have invariably decamped with the utmost- alacrity "and dismay. But two or three days before the fire one Sin Tin and some othens came to the camp in a terrible state of wretchedness and want) and were persuaded to take up their abode in the bannte^ dwelling. did sp with great fear a&d; trembling, and as they continued^ ; night after night; unharmed, it was bellied that Ah Lay Ty was. at rest. Bút when it was told by a Chinampa that on the outbreak of the. fire he saw the devil and Ah l¿ay Ty rising with the flames a9 they burst through the roof, all were convinced that the fire was an act of vengeance by the evil one. The dwelling in which the late detective Appoo died was regarded with a similar superstitious feeling. Although his death was caused by consumption, yet his antecedents were not satisfactory, many believing him to have been addicted to trafficking with the devil ; and from the time of his death till Sunday last his late abode remained closely fastensd, none venturing to sleep there fearing a visitation from the ghost of Appoo, accom pained by those unholy spirits with whom he communed in this life. Under these alarming circumstances, it was felt that a great atone ment was necessary, and it was resolved to hold on Sunday an impressive ceremony of exorcism to appease the many spirits. Accor dingly, at daylight the gongs struck up their discordant clamor, and the reverberations of the crackers continued all the morning ; the people gathered from all parts, and so suc cessful was their devotion, that in the after noon it was declared that the spirits of the departed were at peace, and universal joy prevailed. Appoo's house has since been occupied, and is now tenanted by a party of Chinese, whose slumbers have suffered no disturbance. — O. and M. Advertiser, Januarv 27. Subjoined is the official report of the bailiff who had the honour of being sworn at by Sir Charles Darling a few days ago :—" I, Richard McMillian, of Ko. 8.6, Chancery-lane, in the city of Melbourne, in the colony of Victoria, agent, do solemnly and sincerely declare that, from instructions received, I attended at the Treasury on Monday, the twenty-ninth of January, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, and requested to see His Excellency the Governor," and was pre sented to him by Captain . Tyler, who immediately afterwards withdrew. I then said :—41 beg your Excellency's pardon for intruding, but I have a certificate from the ProthonOtary of the Supreme Court, to the effect that one William Joseph Ecroyd has recovered a judgement against Her Majesty the Queen for the sum of five hundred and fourteen pounds five shillings and seven pence, being the amount of verdict and costs ; ' and I at such time then and there pro duced and showed to His Excellency such original certificate. His Excellency then became very excited, and said, 4 It is like your damned impudence to come to me on such business. I will have nothing to do with it.' He then got up from his chair, and walking quickly up and down the room. I said, 11 beg your Excellency's pardon. I hope I have said nothing to cause you any uneasiness 5- but my instructions from Mr Wyburn are to Request your Excellency to cause that amount to be paid out of consoli dated revenue of the colony.' His Excellency then said, 'Tell Mr Wyburn it is like his damned impudence to attempt such a thing; and if you dont leave this room immediately, I wilL have you put out ; " and he then called aloud, ' Captain Tyler, Captain Tyler,' and at the same time pulling the bell violently, I said, 41 have to thank your Excellency for the interview ; but I am only obeying, my instructions, and there is no reason to call assistance. I will withdraw immediately.' I then wished His Excellency good afternoon, and retired. And I make this solemn declaration conscientiously be lieving the same to be true, and by virtue of the provisions of an Act of the Parliament of Victoria rendering persons making a false declaration punishable for wilful and corrupt perjury—* B.. McMillian.' 4 Declared at the city of Melbourne this thirty- first day of January, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, before me-^-J. Blackwood J.P." 