IREFORM DEMONSTRATION IN HYDE-PARK. A grand demonstration in favour of Parliamentary reform las not terminated so peaceably as its promoters anticipated. When it became known that the police had received instructions to prevent a meeting being held in Hyde-park, a written notice was forwarded by tile "Demonstration Committee" to thle various sub comnmittees, to the effect that thle members were to march ie procession to the park, and ifp reventedfrom entering it were then to formn four deep and proceed by way of Groevrnor-plae, Vietoria-street, and past the Houses of Parliament to Trafalgar-square. The notice also alluded to the cireemstance of the police acting under the orders of a Tory Gorcrnmecs, and concluded by exhlorting those to whom it, was ad dressed to shlow by tlheir peaceeble and orderly con duct that they were determined to have manhlood suf frage and the ballot. lI accordance a ith preious arrangemencnts parocesions were formed short ly after 5 o'clock on tilhe aftereoon of July 23, in the dilferent metrololitean dictrwts included wtihin the operatiols of lthe Reform League. \\\Wlile the pre'limeiency proacedings were in course of irrangemenet st the sevieral starvting-poilts, vast crowds had collected in the neighbiosurlood otl It le park. A force offbotanl mouanted police, tnumberinsg 100D or 1800. was lere ascesembled under the direction of Sir inschsrd Mleuyse asdl Ceitesain Ilarris, and at 5 o'clock the gates "were C.losedI. Hlefore that ihour a conseilemrble- nmber of peoUIle had aolle.teCd inidee, in order to witess oleat nwas about to takeple,-e, and these were permittd to remain there; outside, the throng was, as mihit ble siiuporet.d, mteec greater. Mlasses of peetlec hald eenrebled at all tele Op?5lil5iro e'-. The Marble Arcnh ?as thie cenltre of at tract asion, d for an Iouar or two perivious to hie proposed emnltnclre Illelnt of tlhe de'lonstretlion tile tretli wars serioslyi impeded. The wiendos anud bahonsier of Iheo neigh bouearing Ilousvs were also crowded witlh spectators. lShortly after 7 o'clck MIr. Ei'adeset Beesic, Lieut. Colonel Diekson, nsd other le'linse members of the RIeform Lragae, in a liscrofsebs ewhich hIeeahed the Clerkenwcll, Islington, aud ollaer procesiolns, ad vanced to the arellc, eand, the sab-erUlOnUitteC haring succeeded in makinig a clear l-sage., ir. Buealcs uand his friendas went s tke police eoao isr-e druse up ill line, shvestin iani, sme e ,If ithan being sonUteICd. T'lhe crowd immnediately closed in, and oendeavoured by an " ugly rush" to ellfect ndmissiol. The ipolice used their slaves freely to defeat tis' attelmpt, and it is stlated tlhat bothi Mr. Beales amld Colonel Diekson were struck in the srutlle. At any rate, aflter being refused admtission, end he'c-iseg Ills e aise.d tile qnestiun in tlte form they desired, tier wenst lback to thesir vehicles, and with stomee dinltculty msnateged to nmakle their way through the crowd in order to proceed tI Tlrefalg,,r square, there to lhold tile omeetine, according to tile programme which had beene laid down. Printed bills warce dietribtescd eamoug the various detacnelue ts as thutey case up fesm Clerkenw-ell,South uork, FinsbtIsry, &c.;, directing rthem noet to lattsmpt to force an entrance into the park, but to proceed to Trnfnlagar- square. It is meuch easier, lhowercr, to col loet throllgs of people tha to keelp them in leadieg sitrings when colleted, and a lacer portlion of tie "masses " were not disposed to follow isleeicily tihe instructionse of their lenders. Tie galtes, it is true, were strongly fuortitied, but to tihrow down tile railings seemed a feasilele undertaking, snd tins was promnptly attempted. The police, indeed, lhastened to cver' point that was attacked, and for a short time kept tim multitude at bay; but their inumbers were utterly in suifficient to guard so long a line of frontier, and breach after breach wasn made, the stonework, togellther with the railings, yielding easily to tile pressure of tie crowd. Thie first oltening was made in the Bays water-road, where the police, rushling to the spot, pre vrecnted for a tine- aty considerable influx of people; but they could not be ubiquilous, and along Park-lnee especially a great extent of railing was speedily over turned, till in tvle end thie crowd entered ad libitlst. A good deal of seulillug attended these incursions. Tie police brough tlheir truncheons into active use, and a snumber of the "roughs " were somelwhat severely handled. One vnts, wiro waus stated to be a mechanlic tnamed Field, received serious injury on thie head, and was carried oil' insensible to St. Georga's HIospitdl. It is said tilat hle lhad just thrown a brick bat at a polieemnan. A isuan named Tyler, living at 'ew-road, Chlelsea, also received blows on thle hcadul, and was taken to lthe hlospital, as were likewvise othrev whosn e injuries were of a less serious character. Thie police, on the other lhand, did not come off unsreathed. One of them, named Penny. receiced a thrust in the side from an iron bar; another was knocked olt hiis hlorse by sticks and stones, ansd several othears sustained sligit injuries. Stones were tilaowu at Sir R. Mayne, whlo, as nel as is ment were imuch booted. Betwaeen 40 and 50 persons were taken into custody in the vicinity of tile Mlarble Arcl, and about as meny smtre at the olther approuches. uMany of thle leaders of tie crowd exerted themselves to lprevent a breach of tie peace, and Mr. Bradluagh got considerably Ihuctled for so doing, filling uatier the sespicioc of being a Government spy. About 8 o'clock n cosmpany of tie Girenadier Guards and a troop of thle Life Guard entered tile park, but tt was tllcea too late to prevent. tile inllux of peopile, for, tleughI tile gales were still jealously guarded, breaceca had bere di- ctitedl in every direction in the palings, antd tile mcilitary, who were loudly cheered b l tele crwd, c-nfined tlhemselses to mncwouvree, tile only 'ilbct of whichl was to oblige ele stob oceasioually to chift thelicr position. The num bers in tie puark were by this tiis ite verl large, and althloughl of rouse Ithere was a cns-iderable numnber of "roughE," who look oa tlit, police as their nratuel elnetics, many of thie personrs plresent appeared to be quiet and respectably dressed people, lwho lhad simcply been attnaeteld l cnrsioait-y, ntd slheowed sno uproarioun or cre-n any political proclivities. Speeches wsere made at vrrious soats, one of the orators being a Miss IEHarriet Loaws, wlo delivered a vcry fervid address on tier political and social righits of the people. At one of tie meetings, held near thie Marble Arch, and presided over by Mr. De Gruyther, the fllowingi resolultion was passed, on thle motion of Mr. CuLleh bertlon, seco dedl by Mr. Tomtkinse:--" Tihat thlis meet ing eondeeens ic tile most emphaltic uand unquaeliiLed terlus tice at-elltt on thle lpart of thle ministry to rule tie counctry by foree, uand their recklessness ill coml promising tile digsily of tile Government by wesstotdly provoking a collision betaween the pieolle and tile oeicers appointed to keep) the peace, and resolves thlat ea delpuateion of not Inore thlant six persons waiton heItr afujesty with a petition, signed by thie elairUan, in thle inae of the seeltinsg, requesting thle ditsmissal of EUl )Derby and his colleagues, and the appoisetlment of a ministtry who ]sIave a better asler'eciaetiou of ties value of thie lives of her Mnjesty's subjects, and of what is due to their own high otllice." lNole of the ispeakers, iule or fenale, were inter rupted by the police. By this tiinr darkness was drawing ou, and the clrowd rapidly thinned, until, at. about 10 o'clock, only a very few persons remained in tIhe park. Withl reardl to the proceedinsR of that section of tile ].fuormuers who adhered to t-Ieir origilmd pro gramnne, it is sulti:ient to stlate tlcatu oen arriving oppo site Naew Pialace-yard senoe of the msere violent of tihe paruly attempted te get over thle ntilings into the equare, but in this attempt thley were completecly foiled by tle police, who were Ipostcd in the enclo sure. At this pioint tlsere wsas mtuch cheering, nud among thie slhoscts could be distisgueisled thie name of Mr. Brighlt, a reprint of e letter of his itn fteocr of hIoldieng thie tes-ting hlaving been cirteselurd durine tile day. Another party passed by thle Carlton Club, where they raised c storm of Itisses, and the Reform Club, whelre they indulrged in tIle nost uproarious cteering, whicih was renewed whenr some of thle mem bers waved their handkerchiefs and gave otller signs of approval. Arrived at Trt'hlgar-square, IMr. Beales ascended the base of Ielson's column and commencr ed haranguinsg thIe crowd, whoe occupied thle ans relisfr on the columcn and avesry other position frosm w-hieh ac good view coled be obet'inedl. T'iw,, feloaws, for ill stance, clhmebs-red up the staltue of Kingg Clterles I., d causedat coeside·stbte melrimlent by signilicantlr pointing to tihe ]rad of that unetresusate smouarelh. Mr. Beales was fdleswed by seecral other gecntlemecn, lwho all concurre-l ian t'oudee'ning ithe eeCOIsuel of Sir iichenrd sayne:ateL tel I lanec Seerestarv. Two other teeit.insgs were also beii in he it|l cc rete , usdeer tIee prt sidency oel Mlesrs. Ihwecll cnud Creseer. This parte. of t1e p)rocreodings, lIea\vers', cas exCseedinlel taIsee afther ltc etxcitint scrne whis-h had been coacted in the" park, and thie fatig-ued audienecs were glad to get teeak as soon as possible to the ' Vious public-hoisa s whirhe serve as their headquarters. TIhe first roulltey rate to cover rostpensltliol fur slauglteredel Utittsi, as prt.seribed by tie rerecently passed Act of lParliament, Ias been -ctade for Lane-. ehire, at a meeting of nuagiscrates held in Preetaon. The re re was mtade i)on property equal in uvahlte to £6,080,059, or about £l1,000,000 less thean thlat ofthe swhole eoutty. lThe total sum estimeated emder the head of" Cattle Plague Account" was £19,390 Os. td., and a raIte of three-farthings is the pound, realiing £19,000 3l. Od., was made. The House of Lords, on July 9, was thronged by a brilliant assemblage, attracted by tile announcement that Lord Derby would make a statement relative to the circumstances under which'lae had accepted oflice,and would unfold the programme of the new administra tion. Tire Prince of Wales, the Duke of Edlinburglh, and the Duke of Cambridge were among the peers present. After referring to the defeat of the Russell Government, and the command laid upon him by her Majesty to form a new ministry, Lord Derby explained tut lhe was desirous to construct a Government "on an enlarged basis." This was something diferent from a coalition. A coalition implied a sacrifice of principle, but what lie pIroplosed was to obtain the aid of meni who differed from the Conservative party only on insignifienol points. Hle applied to Lord Clarendon and the Duke of Somerset, but was unsuccessful, and the late Marquis of Lansdowne also declined oice, hut on the griostd that heIo could give the Government a more efficient support if he maintained hIis position as an independert member of their lordeships' House. A proposition was also made ;o the independent Liberals of the lsouse of Commons, but here again lihe failed. Ite had, therefore, formed a Government from among his owa supporlers, for ie felt that if he obandored tie task the result to the Coaservative party would be disastrous; asd Iheo now ventured to snubmit tIhat the tMinistry hie had constructed "would oliord every gsuar;ntce that thle affairs of the country cwere lot I,'ueed in is,'omoletent hands." He repadi lted the nlleation that tIhe Conservative party was a war party, and d.eslared that their policy would be "to keep on t.rums of good-will with all foreign governmoents, but not to entangle the country in any mnopnolioing alliance with any one Power.' Wits regard to the Eueopran war, ie held that the hIonour of IEnigland was in no way involved is the dispute, and the Governmtcst would observe a strictly neutral attitude. If their good oficees, however, were desired, it wnould be their duty to make an effort in the interest of peace. T'e second reading of the Finchlcy Rood Estate Bill, ithe object of which was to enable Sir T. M. Wilson to geunt building lea.es on a portion of the estate at Hlampto tead left. to lsim by the will of hIis late fathelr, with a proviso tnhat it lshould never be built upona, was opposed in thel House of Commons, July 9, by Mr. Harvey Lewis, and after some discussion waus rejected, for the nisnth time, by 72 to 65. Lord Stanley, in reply to a question in tie ]Iouse of Columons, said lhere was no foundation for the statement. tlat Her Majesty's Government hIlad given it to be sunderstood that, on account of" certain even tual Ihereditary claims," England would not allow any part of HIIIover to be anniexed to Prussia.-Mr. Hierkeleyv moved hIis periodical resolution in favour of vote by ballot in the House of Comsmons on thle 17th of Jiuly. Tie motion was oplposed by Mir. Mowbray, on the ground that tlie introduction of the ballot would destroy that piblic spirit, manliness, and courange whiclh were tie chiaracteristicsof Englislahen, and would tend to injure those institutions under which lEnglishmen enjoyed the largest possible amount of freedon. Mr. Gladstone moved the second reading of his Church Rates Bill in the House of Commons on thie 18th July, saying tihat he understood the Govern ment did not object to the principle of the bill, and nould not oppose tbe second reading on condition that no furlther progress was attempted this session. The Chancellor of the Exchequer said the Govenlment did oppose the principles of thle bill, but should not object to the second reading provided the bill was carried no further this session. A long discussion ensued, in tile course of whisch Mr. Noato moved an amendment, to the effect that no settlement of the question would be satlsfctor'y whlich does not provide for tile mnintesanec of the fabric of the Church. The debate was continued until a quarter to 6 o'clock, lwhen by standing order it was suspended. Mr. Mill asked the Government whether any pro ceedings had been or would be taken against Mr. Eyre, General O'Connor, Colonel Nelson, and other ollihsers employed int the suppression of the Jamaica insurrection. Mr. Disraeli, in reply, reminded the hion. gestlcmsn that the acts complained of were com mitted during the existence of martial law, and thle legality or illegality of the proceedings was a point upon wshich there was a differncuce of opinion. Some further inquiry was being made, and so far as Mr. Eyre was concernled, he had been already dismissed from hIis post. It was unfair to confound errors of judgment with malice prepense. In reply to a qsestion, Sr. Walpole said ciperi menslo were in progress wslich might lead to tihe sub stitution of east-steel barrels bored in the solid for the iron-barrels employed in the manufacture of the Enfield rifle. Ott July 20, Mr. Laing inquired of the Foreign Secretary whetrer he could give the House an assur ance that no step would be taken which might com mit this country to any intervention in the war on thie Continent, without giving the Parliament a pre vious opportusity of expressing its opinions as to the poliey of such in?tervention. Mr. 1Iorsman followed withs a general dissertation on thle Continental situa tios, especially directing hIis remarks with a view to useertain what course the Goverament were pursuing. Sir George Bowyer avowed hIis belief that the object of fPrussia wase to crush a particular creed--the lRoman Catholic--and was of opinion that all the calamities that had occurred and were now devastating the Con tirneut were traceable to the conduct of tile Govern asents of Lord Palmerston and Earl Russell. Mr. Gladstone reslied to the last spelaker, and wnarmly de fended the corduet of the last two Governmsents in respect of their conduct towards Italy. Lord Stanlsy assured thle House that the foreign policy of the new Goveriment wouls be a pUcific sird obser?vnt policy. At that maoment the British Government stood, in respect of the European controversies, free, unpledged, and uncommitted to any iolicy whatever. And as to tie direct interest of England in the contest, there lhad never been a war in whichl they were less con cerned, and itn which, therefore, there was so little ground for iher interference in any shape. Esal Russell Ihaos madre known that Mr. Cobden lhad told him hie would Isve joined the Ministry when asked ihad ihe (Eanrl Russell) been at its lhead. linE NEW SECIrTAI'Y Po0R TvE COLONIES.--Before tise iappointmlent oa Lord Carnarvos to suIcceed Mir. Cardwreli es Clolonial Minister, the Dillg Telegrapft had tuse ollowing:- -"Lord Carnarvos is one of those meek young noblemen whso indulge io a mild flirtation with srtatistlic, and who play poslitics as their sisters slay at croquet. lie les some pretty little ' views'--weak and washy water-crlour sketclhes of prison discipline, educatioa, snd oner 'social topics.' He is fond of 'ivings leclures, wlicih are very nmthI applauded at tile lime of their delivery: but lie is indiscreet enough to publish them afterwards, and they are of a kind whichs is werisnome to thts soul of man. Tlint tapioca thickened wilh treecle is inseuous, but it is searcely nourislsing. Lord Carnuarvon is a sort ot istricias puamp runnoing with lilk and water. He lhas thlat kind of amiably insipid garrulity swhich is sometimes not disagreeable inr a pretty Girl, hot whsicsh needs particulorly rosy lils and excrcdinllly bright eyes to give it any elara. He woult be invaluable us a male secretary in a Doreas aoeity; he hiniies, with a soft and inooney lustre, at qluarter sessions anrd at kettledroms; but in tie Ileat and crowd, anud stress of political polities, where bearded men are struggling for mastery, we should imagine that Iris necktie is likely to get out of order, and that some heavy plebhian heels will tread rather roughly ou Iris delicately varnsihed boots. There are certain facts and personages wltict it is inmpossible to bracket together without exciting a sense of thimsical incongruity; snd, 'not to put too fine a pioint upon it,' Lord Carnurron and the colonial empire of Crest Britain were scarcely made for each other. His appointment might be con sidered a ecatital joke in the clebs of Pall Sall; it would be resented as an impertisnerse in Melbourne and Montreal." We know upon thke earth no grander examnple of politii'al success thanr that psrvsenteid by Australio; no nobler proof of the worth of English institutious for on English people thanr thie way it whsich they are working at tih Antiplodes. Too umns of'us are accus toered to thiuk of colonial parlies Us insignificant and petly. thy, tile stiaesmen of tsih newos land rhave to deal wtih tke distribilionsand t'e goversmett of ter ritories coalupred to whlich the boundatries of tihe Briti-h islands are pircohia; tlhecy hIove to guide and direct the clowsth of Stateo whlich, in the fare future, wall tpoltobly clipse our owni ; and yet they are to be citreted as though they wero inrish vestrymen s quab bling aboutt a ratle of twoprence inr thie pound ! It is becaust e wc utserly repudiste and despise ai toae of thonglkt at once so ungenerous and so silly, tlhat even whilst applunlding the remoral of Sir Chreles Darling, n-c lasten to ldo ju'stice to thie good feeling of those who are still his staunch and firm adherents.-Daily Teiegqiaph/. Tie Bank of Quensland (Lirrmited) held an extrai ordinary genera-l meetrirg on the Oth July. Mr. C. C. M'Donald, of Queenslanrd and London, and Messrs. J. anrd G. Harris, mnerchants, of London and Brisbane, were ustmimously elected directors.-Londos econo onisl. Lord Redesdale's bill for securing the traffi upona railways from interruption by the creditors of com panies has been printed. After the passing of the act no engine, carriage, or railway is to be taken in execution for debt. In ourlast issue,itmay be remembered, an "opinion" of Sir Roundell Palmer, Sir Hugh Cairne, and others, founded on a case which was submitted to them, "at the request of several bishops," was published. The learned gentlemen condemned as illegal most of the High Church practices which have recently occasioned so much alarm. Thie English Church Union forth with prepared another case,, and in order that the opinion upon it might be a strong one, lubmitted it to Sir Robert Phillimore, the Queen's Advocate, Sir Fitzroy Kelly, Mr. Bovill, Q.C., Mr. J. D. Coleridge, Q.C., Dr. Deane, Q.C., Mr. G. C. Prideaux, Mr. Han nen, and Mr. J. Cutler. The opinion of this long lint of legal luminaries has been prepared, and is said to be in direct antagonism to that of their learned brethren who were consulted by "several bishopes," aflirming the legality of vestments, and most of the peculiar practices of r.he High Church party. Consequent upon the Austrian defeat there has been much talk about the relative merits of the "needle gun" and the muzzle-loader, but it is to be feared the distinection between the two weapons is hardly so well kneown as one mighlt at first suppose. The muzzle loader differs in two particulars from thIe needle-gun, in thie mode in which the cartridge is introdued, and the way in which it is ignited. In the former, the cartridge, consisting of ball and powder, is introduced through thIe muzzle of the gun- barrel, and is driven down to the bottom or breech by the ramrod; before the weapon can be fired, the cock must be raised and a percussion cap must be placed upon the pillar or nipple. All these operations take up much time, and are, therefore, objectionable. Theneedle-gunoabviates these dieculties. In it the ball, powder, and percus sion substance are all formed into a single cartridge, and in loading this is quickly slipped inat the breech. There is no capping nor ramming; tIhe weapon need not be placed muzzle upwards, and when it ns wanted to fire it, all that is required is to raise the cock and pull the trigger. There is no "nipple," and the cock ends, not in a sort of hammer as in the old firearms, but in a sharp nail-like projection, which strikes against the end of the cartridgoe and explodes it. This difference between the two weapons allows of ast least four shots being fired by the needle-gun to ene by the muzzle-loader, and in "action" the needle-gun may always be presented towards the enemy, whilst the muzzle-loader must be placed mouth upwards to re eeive its charge. By converting the single breech of the needle- gun into a revolving chamber with six or seven barrels, its destructive power becomes much en hIanced. This is the plan employed in the construe tion of most of the small "revolver" pistols, now sold by our" London" gunmakers. The following letter hIas been received from the Emperor of Abyssinia by Dr. Beke. It was brought by Mr. Martin Flod, wone of the missionaries so long detained in thalt country, who has just arrived in England with despatches for Her Majeety's Govern meint. Mr. Find quitted tihe emperor's camp at Zagye, on thie south-western edge of Lake Tsans, on the 20th April last, at which place Mrs. Fad and her three children, Consul Cameron and the remaining eaptives, together with Mr. Rassam and his suite, are detained until Mr. Flad's return:--" In the name of the Father, and of thie Son, and of the Holy Ghost, one GOd, the King of kings, Theodoros, may this reach the English man, Mr. Theodore Beke. Thou and thy wife, by the power of God, have reached my country. Are you well? I,O God be praised! am well. What timeyou come, come by Matamma. As regards the peraons who were imprisoned; by the power of God, out of friend ship to thle Queen of England, I have liberated them, and given them to Mr. Hormuo Rassam. May this give you pleasure. Written at Zagye, in theb 858th year since the creation of the world, and the 1858th year since the birth of Christ." To this letter is affred thie emperor's anseal, bearing the devie of " the lion of thie tribe of Judah," with the title. "the King of kings, Tlneodoros of Ethiopia," in Ethopio and in Arabic cha raeters. The Neew York Puilmne of the slet instant, gives the following particulars of a case of poisoning sn which there were 218 victims:-" It is now nearly two months since the people residing along that portion of the Walkil Valley which lies in the western part of Orange county, were attacked by a disease which for some time baffled the skill of the physicians, they bring at a loss to divine the cause. The maledy ex hibited the most positive symptoms of lead poisoning. In some cases whole families were stricken down, white in others only one or two members of a family were attacked. To-day hundreds are sutffering from its ofects, many of whom will never be able to do any thing, and will in time waste away anddie,theviotimn of this terrible disease. After considerable reoearch it was found that tie lead weas conveyed into the stomahels of the sufferers by bread and meal, and as a greater part of those staples were manufactured atthe minll of a Mr. Marsh at PhilipsburA, an investigation was at once made in thatdirection,and, greatlytothe surprise of every one, the miller himself included, it was discovered that the lead became mixed with the meal at the mill iq consequence of a run of stone, which was old, having the cavities filled up with lead. In this way every pound of flour became miced with as nmuch lead as would make a small buckshot. When the flour was fermented and subjected to the baking process, this lead became immediately transformed into carbonate of lead, the deadliest ofa lead poisons. Besides the 213 poisoned by this process in the imme diate vicinity of Middleton, about 100 have been poi eoned in Goshen, Several of these cases haye termin aited fatally." Thie tRev. T. Binney announced last Sunday morn ing, at the Weigh House, that there was no truth in the report which hlad been extensively circulated that hie was intending to quit England, and spend his re maining deys in Australia.-City Preres, July 7. THE RUoBIs HEaP.--There is always a great so cumulation of rubbish of various kinds in gardens, as also much bruslhwood prunings, and which often acc mulato so as to become a nuisance, but which at the soame time may be rendered very nusefulandproftable. There is no better way of disposing of it than to cher it, by which process it becomes one of the most useful materials in the compost yard. Now, the best plan is to make a point of burning or charring at least twice in thie year. During the summer a great dealof weeds and the haulms of decayed vegetables are colleted, and by the month of September or October one char ring may take place. Through the winter, much of a more woody character comes to hand. Now, the charring of tIe summer weeds, &de.;, in October, pro duces a finer material than thatofthespring harring, which should take place in March, gterallthe prun ing is completed, and the shrubbery dressed. This charring, containing in general much woody material, is well adapted for potting purposes-being, when properly managed, more lumpy and coarse. The finer material of thie October charring is particularly adapted for the dressing of seed beds in the spring, sruch as carrots and the various cabbage worts-it being an eexcellent sweetener and improver of the soil. In order to char with facility, and to ensure the pro cess being well carried out, some caution should be used in wheeling the materials into thie rubbish yard. This is best done by selecting a spot eligible for burning and wheeling the materials in a ring all round, leaving a small space open to commence the fire in thie centre. Airy more soily stuff should be kept by itself at two sides of the heap, for this will be required at last to smother the fire. The fire being comunenced, and a good body of red-hot material to eommnence with, the rubbish of various kinds is spread equalily over, placing the coarsest first, and flushing finally with the finer; and, lastly, casing the whole over with the more soily material; the latter from four to nine inches in thickness, according to the bulk and power of the fire. During the whole of the process violent blazing should be avoided; this is easily acconplished bykeeping the mass covered with the raw material. Such fires with me generally smoulder for a week or ten days; and during that period it is necessary to bore holes here and there where combustion appears to be too dormanot; a hole with a thick stake in a sluggish portion will soon re kindle it. As soon as thie fire goes out it is my practice to uncorer thie heap and to sort or riddle it into two portions; the charred lumps separated from that nearly decomeposed by the action of intense heat. These materials are best kept dry, where possible, and de serve the protection of a shied. I would here impress on the minds of thosea unused thus to economise the very robbish of their gardens, that this practice.has two distinct bearings; one, thile piroduction of a most useful material ; the othelr, tim destruction ofmillions of weed seeds, nud numberless eggs of injurious in sects. Thelse taken together are by no means unim p1ortant, but, let us add also, a thorough clearing up of all rubbish nuisances, at least twice in the year. Scotlic' Gardenen: Irawrcon: Printed and Published by the Proprietors, HUGH PanhINSOR, J. BOwmING Sta0.Nw, Ma FtaNcIe KIDN?hB,at the Queensland ane, Ofoce, Ellonborough-etreet. 