SKETCHES FROM REAL LIFE. BY OLD BOOMERANG. "SHOVE IT ON BOARD!"--(CONCLUSION.) I REMOUNTED the bridge, and seated myself as before. The captain was standing on the starboard paddle- box, gazing alternately at the gathering storm and at his struggling vessel, while his face bore evidence of intense anxiety, though not alarm or trepidation, for he was a thorough sailor. I did not speak to him, though I longed to put a question or two to him, and I wished he would speak to me. I usually try to observe a prudent reticence in seasons of peril on shipboard; and it would be well if all passengers would adopt that course. I have seen a captain per- plexed with silly questions at times when his mind was anxiously engaged on some important duty, and I have heard him miscalled "a surly man" for giving sharp answers to the thoughtless querist. Presently the captain stepped down from the paddle- box, and laconically remarked, as he nodded his head towards the south-west, "There's dirt there." "There is a heavy storm gathering," I replied, "but I hope we may fetch abreast of Broken Bay (which was about twelve miles distant) before it comes on." "No such luck for us to-day, sir," said the captain. "It will be down upon us in twenty minutes; don't you see how fast that long, bolster-looking cloud is rolling along? That is not scudding before a gentle zephyr, I can tell you." Then he called to the chief mate. "Send that foretopsail-yard on deck, and house the topmast. Bear a hand about it." In rather less than half an hour I hastened below, to escape the heavy rain which began to descend, accompanied with a violent squall of wind, and thunder and lightning. Some of the passengers were still seated at the table, when I re-entered the saloon, and one of them exclaimed, "Halloa! is there a shift of wind?" "Yes, sir, there is indeed," I replied, "and I think we shall have a very rough night." "Dear, oh dear! I'm sorry for that," said Mr. Bang, "I shall be awfully sea-sick. Steward, bring me a couple of pillows." Before I had equipped myself in my waterproof overalls, for the deck, nearly all the gentlemen had taken up positions on the sofas, and were being supplied with pillows and etceteras. With much difficulty I regained my post on the bridge, and the scene around me was terrifically grand, with a dash of the ridiculous in it too. The sea was white with foam, the lightning played about the masts in dazzling streams; the thunder and the wind seemed to be arguing which could roar loudest, while the thick glots of rain descending on the exposed backs of the pigs, made them squeak loud enough to be heard above the warring elements. The four steerage passengers had discovered a leak in the roof of the travelling carriage, and were hurrying out of it; at the same time the miller woke up from his nap, in the Bath-chair, and ran below faster than any invalid could have done. Poor Paddy Murphy saw his bags of corn covered up with a tar- paulin, then took his little boy Teddy under his arm, and descended to the fore-cabin, where, I imagine, the inmates were rather too closely packed to be comfort- able. The sailors, in their oilskin jackets, were wheeling the chain-box about (their sick baby, as they called it), and were deprecating the exercise as deeply as before. The steamer seemed to have merely steer- age-way, still she was kept head to the wind, and nobly she struggled against the contending elements. In about an hour the worst of the storm was past, but a strong gale set in and the sea rose very fast. The captain stood and watched the curling waves with steady nerve; and every now and then gave orders to ease the engines, when an unusually heavy sea rose ahead of us. By that precaution the steamer rode over the waves tolerably easy, but her onward progress was considerably retarded; in fact, at times she scarcely appeared to make any headway. When the tea bell rang I again went below, and a moving scene of noisy misery presented itself. Nearly all the late hearty diners were hors-de-combat, and looked as discomfited as a ward full of patients in a blazing hospital. I pitied Mr. Bang least of all the prostrate ones; and whenever I heard his "Yaawk" which was like a cow's cough, and smothered all the whoops of his neighbours, I called to mind his bilious attack upon the polite clerk on the wharf at Newcastle; and I mentally muttered, "Ah, Mr. Bang! it is plain that you wanted a short sea voyage, sir. After this day's extensive delivery you will perhaps be in a better temper for a while. So yaawk away, sir; your wife and children will be gainers by your present exer- tions; and nobody here has life enough to notice the ugly faces you are making. Yaawk away, sir, you will be better to-morrow, if you live till then." Several of the gentlemen made sombre inquiries of me as to our position, and if I could see Sydney light- house ? To which I replied, that I could see nothing but black clouds and white-headed waves; and as for our position, I could only tell them that we were not far from Broken Bay. After partaking of a cup of tea, I again went upon the bridge, and there I Btood for some time beside the captain without speaking a word, but longing for him to speak to me. Presently he said, ' Thereis an awful ugly sea on.' ' There is, indeed, captain ; mBy I aBk if you have any idea of running back to Newcastle r' 'Back, eh!' he replied; 'I dare not put her round, she would almost certainly capsize with all this load on deck.' ' Why don't you begin to throw it overboard r' I muttered rather pettishly, but I did not let him hear me. I will not attempt to depict the anxiety I en dured for the next hour as I set upon that melancholy bridge in silent meditation, and watched the seething waves which tossed and tumbled around like monsters preparing to swallow us; while the wind roaring over the top of the big funnel sounded like grim death playing a funeral dirge. My mental calculations as to the consequences of a heavy sea breaking on board (which I momentarily expected), were by no means encouraging, but I could not school my mind to any more cheerful exercise just then. There were about fifty bales of hay and wool on the deck; and assuming that each bale would soak up a quantity of water equal to its weight, and allowing three or four hogsheads for the Bath-chair and the carriage; I inferred that the vessel would founder before he could sufficiently lighten her. My second calculation was as to the result, if the pigs should break down their temporary barrier, and crowd together under the top gallant forecastle, and thus bring the steamer down by the head ; but I had not quite completed that sum when I was aroused by the captain calling me. I staggered towards him, and stood holding on by the fore shroud of the funnel. "Do you see land on the starboard beam?" he asked. I gazed into the darkness till my eyes ached, then replied, "No captain, I can't see it. Can you?" "Yes; I can see the North Head of Broken Bay." "Bless me! what extraordinary eyes you must have. I can see nothing but thick darkness, like a well of pitch built up to the sky. Are you going into the bay, captain?" "I'll try for it, if I see a chance of putting her round smartly," he replied. "Ease her!" In about half an hour be gave orders for the chain- box to be wheeled over to port, and lashed there; and soon afterwards he shouted, "Haul the fore sheet aft! Port the helm." It was a critical time, and a month's anxiety seemed to be concentrated into those few minutes. The vessel slowly paid off, and floundered into the trough of the sea, where a huge mountain of water rose on our port beam, as if about to fall upon us and crush us. "Hold on! Boomerang, here's a sea coming on board!" cried the captain. I held on instinctively, while I commended my soul to my Maker. The heavy combing wave came hissing towards us, and struck our port paddle box; the vessel lurched violently over on her beam ends, and some of the cargo rolled overboard. I thought of my loved ones at home; I muttered a prayer for them, and I bade the world good-bye. In another moment I heard the captain shout, "All right! all right!" and I whispered, "Thank God!" The sea did not break on board; the vessel gradually recovered from the shock, and soon afterwards we anchored in Pitt Water. "There you see, sir, I've saved my deck load again, Mr. Boomerang," said the captain, rubbing his hands with glee, after the last of the cable was paid out. "It's a blessed good job we are safe and sound in here, but we had a narrow escape in rounding to, and I made sure that big topper of a sea was going to swallow us altogether." Then he called to his mate, "Hoy! Mr. Keel, get a lantern and see what's the matter with that horse; I think he's griped." A light was procured, and Mr. Bang's horse was found with his fore legs over the rail and his hind legs stretched apart on the deck. It was sup- posed that when the vessel had given the heavy lurch the poor beast had tumbled half-way overboard; and in his struggle to right him- self, he had received some serious internal injury, for he was dead. Several of the pigs were dead too, and all the deck cargo was more or less damaged. "What would have been the probable result if that heavy sea had tumbled broadside on us?" I asked of the captain, as he was sitting at the supper table, an hour afterwards, looking as composed as if he had just come from church. He shut his eves, drew down his features, and pointed downward. "That is precisely my opinion, captain," said I, as I instantly interpreted his ominous gesticulation. "It would have been too late to throw your deck cargo overboard, and we should have gone to the bottom of the sea. Well, thank God, we are safe," I added solemnly. "But had we capsized; with my last breath I should have denounced deck loads, and it is very likely that my ghost would have hence- forward been seen, in the wake of overloaded steamers, screaming 'Shove it on board.'" * * * * * I fancy I hear some of my readers impatiently exclaim, "What is the use of making a long story about a commonplace event, which took place years ago?" In anticipation of such an inquiry I explain, that a strong sense of duty impels me to help, as far as I can, to remedy a systematic abuse, which I believe is alas too common all over the world; and I have written this sketch to illustrate the discomforts and dangers which passengers are frequently sub- jected to, in these present times, and on our iron coast. I have no facts to warrant me in stating, that the causes of the late melancholy disasters were other than the act of God: and if I were possessed of data which proved that some of the sad wrecks were caused by the carelessness or cupidity of man, I should hesitate to use it, lest I might give additional pain to the sorrowing relatives of those lamented lost ones, with whom I deeply sympathise. But I can state as a fact, that the last steamer I voyaged in, not long ago, had not less than from twenty to twenty- five tons of butter and coal on her deck. And I can state, as another fact, that the last sailing vessel I voyaged in—a few months ago—the registered tonnage of which was only 198, had 304 tons of coal on board. By whose authority it was put on board I know not, but certainly it was not the cap- tain's. He took his ship to sea, though he admitted to me that she had at least forty tons more cargo than she could carry with safety and comfort. He hoped to have had a smooth passage to Melbourne, but he had a very rough one, lengthened to twelve days; and during most of that time the sea broke on board in such a dangerous manner, that to take the hatches off to attempt to lighten her, would have been to sink her in five minutes; and it is firmly impressed on my mind, that if she had not been a remarkably strong vessel, and well found, and withal very skil- fully managed, that she would have foundered with all hands. Those are two facts which I can vouch for. I could give many more from personal experience, equally striking, but those are sufficient for my present pur- pose, and I would respectfully commend them to the consideration of our legislators, who will shortly re- assemble for public business. It may be thought in- vidious to appeal to them through the strongest law of their nature, and remind them that they themselves sometimes travel in our fine coasting steamers, and that their families, and their friends, sometimes travel in them too; a sense of their duty, as guardians of the public safety, will surely be sufficient to stimulate their zeal in this important matter, especially as we have lately had so many mournful reminders of the perils which beset "them that go down to the sea in ships." If any person should say, "there is a law regulating the deck lading of steamers," I should reply, that stringent measures are necessary to insure its being obeyed; for that it is very frequently evaded is a glaring fact, which I challenge anyone to confute. I believe that such a measure would be hailed with joy and gladness by the agents and officers of steam- ships in general; for, from causes which I have glanced at, those gentlemen are not always able to control the eagerness of persons to ship goods, in certain states of our markets; and in these days of active opposition, agents and officers are doubtless anxious to please their customers, the bulk of whom are as unconscious of extra hazard, when sending their shipments, as Waddy Murphy was with his "little lock or corrn," or the old lady with her pig and her butter tub. With earnestness I repeat my sorrowful conviction, that if immediate measures are not adopted to insure the safe lading of steamers and sailing vessels out of our port, it will not be very long before more brave seamen are sacrificed, and more broken-hearted widows are seen sorrowing over their helpless children. Darlinghurst, 26th July. 