CONSECRATION OF THE ROMAN] OATHOLIC BISHOP OF ADE- AT MELBOURNE. Onte of the grandest and most solemn I of the spectacles of the Roman Catholic Church is the consecration of a bishop ; 1 and from the fact that very few creations I take "place in the southern . . . hemisphere, • > iI the interest attaching to the ceremony is I extensive. re. The vacancy in me the present i instance has occurred by the decease of I tbe Right Rev Dr Geoghegan, who ex-1 pired some months since in Dublin whilst on a visit to his native land. A 11 who knew the deceased prelate in Melbourne deeply deploied his death, as a t scholar, a profound thinker, and a most Christian gentleman was thereby lost to the Church and the community. His immediate successor is Dr Shiel, heretofore acting as Archdeacon of Ballaarat, but also known for many years in Mel-1 bourne and other districts of Victoria, as one'of the most successful pioneers of Christianity and education. His zeal in each instance has been unceasing, and at length he has been rewarded for biB I labours by being elected one of the princes of his church, and receiving the tnitre one of the greatest honours conferred by the Church of Rome. On Wednesday morning he was consecrated in St Francis’ Church, Melbourne, in the I presence of an immense congregation. I Soon after 11 o’clock the procession I ■ • « 1 , 1 priests following in the train to the | sanctuary. The consecration service then I began, the organ and choir in a burst of melody commencing Mozart's “ Twelfth Mass,” Professor Hughe9 acting as orga-1 nist. TheofificiatingBishop,tbeBight Rev I Dr Goold, had for his assistant-deacons to I the throne the Rev Henry England and 1 the Rev F. Corbett. The deacons of the I mass were the Very Rev Dr Hayes, Dean I of Sandhurst, and the flev James Moore, of Keilor, and his lordship’s chaplains, 1 the Very Rev Dr Bleasdale and the Rev I George Barry. The Very Rev the taut priest. The chaplain of the Bishop Vicar-1 General, Dr Fitzpatrick, acted as assisof Hobart Town was the Rev S. Reardon. The Very Rev Dr Forrest, of St John’s College, Sydney, officiated as chaplain to Bishop Eloi, and the Very Rev Dr Smith, Vicar- General of Adelaide, in the same capacity to the {Right Rev Dr Shiel. Amongst the clergymen present were the Rev Julian Woods, Penola, S. A Revs F. Downing and—Hoyne, of Geelong ; Rev E. A. <I’Dwyer, Sandhurst Rev W. Finn, Heidelberg, ; Rev M. Skehan, Creswick ; Revs—Kavanaghand— O’Driscoll, Emerald Hill ; Rev B. Power, Ballaarat ; Rev C. O’Hea, Pentridge ; Revs F. Kelly, S. J. ;—Lentaigne S. J . ; —Nolan, S. J. ;—M’Iniry, S. J. The Very Rev Dr Backhaus acted as master of ceremonies. The altai and throne had been beautifully and artistically decorated under the supervision of Mr D. Brook- j man, clerk of St Francis. The celebrant 1 was the Right Rev Dr Goold, assisted by I | Bishops Murphy - - and EioL The ' cere-1. monial commenced by robing and vesting I the prelate elect with vestments of the I most handsome and costly description I that could be procured in this portion I of the world. He was then presented to I the Bishop of the diocese (Dr Goold), | and Dean Hayes read in the Latin tongue, the Bull that had been received ap pointing Dr fshiel Bishop of Adelaide. Dr Shiel then took the oath of obedience to His Holiness the Pope, and promised to observe the rights of the See of Adelaide intact. His examination as to the faith entrusted to him, bis fealty to the Pope, and humility to the pour, was then proceeded with by tbe Bisbop of Melbourne. The litany having been sung, the hymn 1Veni Creator’ was chanted, while the head and hands -of the prelate elect were annointed with holy chrism, and the gloves and episcopal ring handed to him. The con i •ecrating and consecrated Bishops then ! : mid mass to the lesson, and afterwards 1 at the same altar together partook of the chalice and host. Then having been preseated with the pastoral staff the newly created Bishop moved with tfce other B ishops down tbe church and bestowed his Benediction on the congregation. On returning to the altar after mass had been • midv the newly consecrated bisbop was ® 'throned by Qoold, rad received the ' usual salutations from his brut her prelates. The ceremony, which lasted1nearly three hours, was 'now concluded, the choir singing the 'l’e Deum iu the same manner as in the chapel of His Holiness the Pope, at Rome. The .Rev. B. Power, of Ballaarat, then preached the consecrating, sermon, taking for his text, “ Go ye and teach all nations,” Matthew xxviii, :19v. After treating his subject in a most scholarly and eloquent manner, though evi-. dently suffering from indisposition, addressing the Bishop of Adelaide, he said : __‘-And now my Lord Bishop, I will claim ypur indulgence for a moment while I address to you personally a few words on the solemn scene in which you naturally stood out as the principal object. In obedience to the voice of Peter1s successor, you have accepted a territory and a flock to rule them as Bishop of the Church,of God. The holy anointment, has placed yourself on the episcopal bench, to assist them with your piety, your prudence, and leaaning, in the mighty work for which the Holy Ghost has set them apart. For the burden, of the episcopate, humanly speaking, is intolerable. You must lean on the Almighty arm of Him-whose voice has elected you from among men to bear it. The early training of a spotless life has fitted’you for it—whether it Was in the Irish home of your boyhood where, | under the teaching an example of. a bishop who is now in the bosom of God, and whose sainted name must be familiar to those by whom I am surrounded \- t h e late Dr Hughes, of G ibralteryou first were led to devote your life to the service of God, or in Rome amid the cloisters of St Isadore's convent on the Pincian Hill, where for years you drank in the.spirit of your sainted St Francis —the ■■ spirit — 0f of self- sacrifice and hu- utility,—or of ‘ the cross, or in m the scaaemiu demie halls nano already consecrated by the genius, prodigious learning, and holy life acaof the great Luke Wadding, where you received « ’* honours^justly to y°nr talents. If these be j justify your elevation to the episcopate hey « « entirely yours fMy ^ Bishop, if thirteen -years of j foreign miBsion-hfe upon the Australian land are to-day crowned the scene of which ^ ^ ^ ^ T r t L several flocS approving verdict of the several lloclis I whom you guided with naelity aua zeal, and who in return obeyed your holy counsels and practice, as their pastor, touiiee. 1- Hneilitv and ardour with cheerful docil y . I I Let no poor words of mine further I tay the course of the Holy Spirit j in your favour; let * * hands and holy anointing bring Him down from on high, nlliug your heart I and brain with the gifts of peace and ower to enable you to accomplish I ighty work set apart for you, let the ires of the Spirit descend upon you, at I hose kindling touch the holy pnest 1 I _ __.fi — A. _ .. hlftllAn jaf fl rt tl ^n I assigned to you. tjurs wm oe roe grici i in parting with you, hers will be the consolation — Victoria loses the faithful and loving priest; she gains the Bishop of her desires. Such are the compensations of a good providence iu the ever-1 shifting scenes of life. Go forth, my Lord Bishop, with the prayers' blessings of your friends and flocks tor I your future happiness hero and beyond ( the grave ; and when the evening of, . 1 trust, a long life shall by its thickening shadows warn you that your courB®I has well nigh run out, when surrounded and supported by the affection and fidelity of a faithful priesthood and flock, the corona fratrum may she, our risen Queen, whose glories the Church to-day is chanting from Rome to Melbourne, stand by your dying pillow to shed round it the sweet fragrance of her intercessionary power; ™ay she lead you in the dark night of death across the wilderness to Jesus the eternal xontifi, who will give you that crown of unfading beauty awarded to those who preserve the faith/’ The proceedings were then concluded, and bmbops, j doctors, deans, and acolytes left the j sanctuary. 