LADIES AND TIGERS IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA. (a complaint.) Botanical Gardens. Adelaide. Mav 15.1866. Sir—I believe you [Melbourne Punch) take an interest in acclimatisation, and its victims. If not, send this to the Australasian, winch, I heard some one say, is a small but intelligent newspaper, published in your colony. I have heen acclimatised, and I know what it is. In the tenderest infancy I was torn from the fond embraces of a loving mother—she swallowed her Sepoy a day, regular, and the milk was rich—and put into a wretched cage on board a ship, and brought hither. I was young, innocent, and playful At Port Adelaide my cage broke—a squatter took me up and carried me in his arms till they found another den for me. I wish a squatter would take me up in his arms now. A well to-do squatter must be very rich eating. But the desires that now disturb me were unknown to me till recently. I calmly crunched the leg bones of bullocks as they were supplied to me, and was contented. I looked out even upon nurserymaids and children for many months without watering at the mouth, although from time to time I have felt, when a little poorly, that if I had been at liberty to pick a fat child out of a passing perambulator, it would have done me good. But now my temper is soured. The cause is duly explained in the subjoined paragraph, which Dr. Schomburglc road to me (he writes this letter for me, as I have not been able to find a pen which suits my paw), and which appeared in a local print called the Register, which says :—"Very serious complaints are made by the authorities at the Botanic Gardens of the cruelty of ladies, who take a delight in irritating the tiger with their parasols.' To such an extent have they carried this, that the poor animal now falls into a state of excitement whenever a female visitor approaches his cage. The sight of her is enough, and if she happens to carry a parasol he begins to growl and show his teeth in a most savage manner. The fact is, his tormentors have entirely spoiled his temper, and he is becoming quite a different creature from what he was a month or two ago. This is a serious charge to bring against the ladies, who really ought to know better than to disturb even the peace of the poor tiger's cage." All this is quite true. The creature that pokes at me with the pointed instrument, which, it seems, is a parasol, I heard a young gentleman refer to at sunset one evening as " lovely woman," and the " angel in the house." To have bitten him would have been bliss. I shall have my revenge, however. In spite of persecution I am daily getting stronger.. My cage is not. Some of these days I think I shall be able to dash through the end of it, and then let lovely woman and her parasol look out. Perhaps they think themselves safe because they put themselves in iron cages. But mark what I'll make of their defences if I get the chance of half-a-dozen genuine wild jungle bounds among a fiock of them. Ha! ha ! ha ! TJ-r-r-r-r-r ! Dr. Schomburgk says I am getting savage, and declines to'write more. But he is wrong. I am only boiling over with a just indignation. I hear young gentlemen talk about the gentle sex and the fair sex till I am sick. The young gentlemen experience different treatment. Put them into cages, and let lovely woman cluster about them as they do about me, and say, "Poke him, Emily," and "Tickle his whiskers with your parasol, love," "Let'stry and make him roar, Mary," and see what their sentiments would become. However, I say no more. 1 bide my time. -lours, THE TIGER. Anninianisin spread so wide in the Church in j£e time of Charles II., that a divine of the age, who was asked by a simple country gentleman what the Armi nians held, answered, with as much truth as wit, " that they held all the best bishoprics and deaneries in England." An Irish musical author, being asked if he had com posed anything lately, replied, "My last work was a composition with my creditors. A young lady says that if a cart wheel has nine felloes attached to it, it's a pity that a nice girl like her can't have one. Definition of a Term (by our own Pepper's Ghost).—"Making a dead'set"—a party of Ghosts arranging a quadrille. 