EXTRAORDINARY GHOST STORY. In May last, the Kent local papers con tained an account of certain extraordinary occurrences which had disturbed the peace and produced great excitement in the quiet little villages of Bilsington and Bonnington, in Romsey Marsh. A house in one of them was reported to be haunted, ' the furniture of which, it was said, has jumped about the rooms iu the most unaccountable manner, until it has dashed itself to pieces tbgaLuab me wans, iim uvocitery ware nas danced about the place like puppets hung upon wires, and after performing some ex traordinary evolutions, has sprung with a sudden jerk up to the ceiling and destroyed its usefulness for ever. Pails of water have flown about the house like soap bubbles in a high wind. The flour crock, without any visible cause, was broken to pieces, and the flour scattered in all directions. Boots and shoes galloped out of one room into ano ther, aB though they were looking for some one to put them on and wear them. Bed room ware has walked down the stairs step by Btep. The beds that were made in the morning ready to receive their occupants at night were found long before that time turned topsy-turvy, with the sheets and blankets tangled together like a colt's mane after it is said to have been ridden by witches. A book put away at the very top of the house came rumbling and tumb ling down the staircase, and, on reaching the bottom, with a sudden bound cleared the kitchen, flying straight through the already smashed windows into the garden. Absurd as this story may appear, a great many persons gave credence to the whole of it, aud also to a great deal more than is here stated. One thing is quite certain, there are the broken things ; but by whose agency they were destroyed, at present is only known to the destroyer. This mar vellous story has induced numbers from Hythe and other places contiguous to re pair to the scene, some of whom are satis fied with an exterior view of the house ; and the fright with which it is viewed by the credulous is really amusing, yet pitiful to witness. The following is the result of personal inquiries made on the spot into these circumstances by a correspondent of the Daily News : — The house alluded to is at the extreme end of the adjoining parish of Bonnington, and is a double one-story cottage, brick and timber built, about two hundred yards from a small inn called the Royal Oak. This cottage has long been occupied by the families of two labouring men, Gates and Luckhurst, whose humble occupation in life has been that of shep herds. Gates at one time had been well to do in the world, having some sheep of his own ; but he had become chargeable to the parish, and, requiring medical attendance, he had been ordered' into the union work house, where he subsequently died. The occurrence in question, or whatever caused the foundation of the reports, commenced either before his death, or soon after his removals. The substance of the facts, prosaically told, is that for several days in succession, beginning on the Saturday, and ending on the Tuesday or Wednesday, and chiefly when no one was on the premises, or known to be so, but women or children, strange noises were heard in the house, sometimes in one room, sometimes in ano ther, after which furniture was thrown down or displaced ; bed clothes in confu sion, articles ' of wearing apparel, with bowls, pails, &c.;, tossed abont, and glass and. crockery broken, principally the window panes — fifteen in front and some at the back — and five or six large earthen ware milk-jars, the fragments of which and of other utensils are lying in the yard. These things always happened in the daytime, sometimes in the presence of scared neighbours ; nothing occurred at night, and the annoyances were confined to the side of the house in which Gates had lived, and which was still occupied by his wife and son. The wife (Miss Gates, as she is called here, the Kentish peasantry ignoring among themselves the use of the word ' mistress,') nn old woman of 75, very feeble, walking with difficulty on crutches, unable to mount the stairs with out assistance, and dependent in smaller matters upon the services of a little maid of all work, Anne Smith, a girl of 14. Inquiring what had been seen when the different articles moved were in actual mo tion, I was informed that when the Bible flew down the stairs (the proper place for which was on the bedroom drawers,) it struck, as it passed, one of the Luckhurst's children, a girl of eleven, with sufficient violence to leave a black mark on her shoulder. The girl herself, coming for ward, pulled up her sleeve to show me where the mark had been, and her word might .have been taken for it; but there was nothing to prove the Bible had not been thrown at her from the stair-head. The two families living in the cottage have their own separate front and back doors, but the same staircase is common to both ; and the rooms thus communicating inter nally, offer great facilities for the unob served ingress and egress of any active of any active person playing a mischievous trick. We have to get up, however, ano ther theory to explain 6ome parts of the evidence. Mrs. Luckhurst was standing in the yard by the paling when the earthenware crock was broken, and the flour it contained scattered. She saw, as she says, Anne Smyth carrying the crock and setting it down by the kitchen door, when the crock seemed suddenly jerked out of her hands, and the flour ' steamed up ' to the ceiling iu a sort of a cloud, Anne Smith at the ? ? F same time crying out and turning pale with fright. Mrs. Luckliurst, a striking contrast to her neighbour, is a fine specimen of a strong hard- working woman, in vigorous health, although the mother of nine children living, and she stood before rue with her arms akimbo, denouncing, with an eloquence which Gladstone 7night envy, the a'^biity and the injustice of the suspicions that had been directed against Anne Smith. I was not the person to tell her that she was romancing or ' saying the thing that was not.' Nothing would persuade Mrs. Luck hurst that what was done was not the work of an evil spirit ; and she regretted she was no scholar, for she ' had heered say there was a certain chapter in the Bible *' which, if read properly ? read, no evil spirit could stand.' What chapter it was she did not know, and unhappily, I could not inform her. Lockhurst, the husband, and who was in the fields at the time, and laughed at what was told him of ' the goings on ' at home in his absence, but became as grave and fright- l cned as the rest on his return. The excite- ;\ ment increasing, the new rector of Bilsing ton aud Bonningtou, the Rev. F. Cameron, came, saw the various articles which were broken, was shown the disturbed beds, had -' them re-made, locked the door, and went away with the key in his pocket, returning at ten, when he found everything as he had left it. Another girl has replaced Anne ? Smith, aud since she left, and Gates died, there has been no renewal of the disturb ances ; but a subsequent investigation by the police has failed to bring them home S to their author. 2 I have noted these particulars, because, * although it is ' beleft ' by the magistrates, * as I was told at the Bilsington National School, that the noises heard and the mis chief perpetrated originated in natural causes which may be connected with simi lar facts, some of which remind me of the supposed magnetic influences of Angelique Cottin, to which the attention of Arago was drawn in 1843, and others of the toss ing about of bedroom furniture preceding the death of Gen. Lefort, mentioned in the ' Diary of an Austrian Secretary of Lega tion,' recently published, 