POET 1.0 A L. THESE is no mistake about it. This whole district is alive with poets? the only misfortune is that there are veiy few of ^s able to appreciate their, merits. From time to time we baro been j throwing into an old fimr-banrel the various rhymes that have been submitted to our peruxal until the vessel is nearly full. We intend some . day to send the whole to the museum for the inspection of the curious, but as we have a little ! unemployed space this week, we are disposed to treat our readers to w sample drawn indiscriminately from the lot. TO SUSAN. My beauty, how I loves you! Here goeB then:— Loves you with my soul, Lows you till I'm black and blue, Like a mare does its young foal. I'm ready now to marry you, I am my Susan dear, To Sydney town I'll carry you, I will my lovely dear. There, that'll do for Susan. If ber lover isn't crack-brained, we have no idea of what a lunatic may be. What comes next ? TO BEN HALL. Come listen all my countrymen, While I rehearse a ditty. About that bold and fearless Beu That's frightened all the city. Ben Hall's the rover free and bold What stops you on the road, What takes your watch, and all your gold, And leaves you like a chap what's sold. We shan't condemn our readers to any further acquaintance with Ben Hall and his achievements, but we proceed. TO THE ABSENT ONE. When the voices are gone that breathed music on all, That lingered and listened as strains filled the air, When the loved forms of youth no longer enthral Our day dream of bliss—who can tell our despair? In the silence of night, when all Nature seems still, When heart communes with God, when no one is near, When memory is rife, and the heart strings all thrill 'Tis then, alone, neglected, I would you were here. That chap's lonesome, but we can gather nothing else from his doleful ditty. Let him pass, and we'll see who comes next. TO MARY JANE. 0 where art thon, I miss thee ever, Thy place I cannot fill— Still absent, why from me did'st sever To obey another's will. Say where art thou! art living! well? dead? The future must decide, 1 loved thee ever, now every joy is fled— The world is far and wide! We don't pretend to admire the logic upon which the last conclusion is based, but there can be no question of its correctness. " The World is far and wide," there's no disputing the proposition the only question is, whether it was necessaiy to fell us so much about Mary Jane by way of introduction to a geographical fact pretty generally admitted. TO ELSIE. Speak to me in accents faithful, Give me credence for the past, Hopes are wavering, doubtful, specious. Whilst faith like mino will ever last. Dost thou doubt me ? yet, wherefore ask, Thou hast proved my soul ere now; Do I linger, well upbraid mo, Note, no care is on my brow. Yet, why stay I, what is it claims mo, Seek I then what others crave. Hear me calmly, thoughts are maddening, There is comfort in the grave. What a vitiated taste this fellow has! Comfort in the grave! with the worms crawling over you —with decomposition going on—not a breath of air, or so much as a sip of colonial wine! We can imagine something of the bliss of the disembodied spirit in the etherial vaults above, but a man who talks about the comlortofhis miserable, decaying carcass in the grave, is not the poet for our money. THE OCEAN. Ocean, mighty ocean, I see thee day by day, Majestic in thy fury, or calm as lullaby, The lion in his anger, the infant in its sleep, By turns thou dost resemble, great and glorious deep. On thy bosom laden with ships from every mart. Gold; merchandize and gear to gratify each heart, Forms aged, young and beautiful and fair, Sail o'er thee in sorrow, gladneBs and despair. That's better. Let ua follow up the writer: The lover to his mistress, the parent to bis child The wife unto her bosom's lord, each in turn beguiled, To seek the goal each lists for, proud ships make their way, Unconscious in their beanty, they dash through winds and spray. Yet, ocean, thou seem'st to me so like the human mind, . Furious, or calm as winter's gales or summer's wind, That Nature's failings like thy changeful breast Besemble thee in strife or tranquil rest. Too metaphysical by half. Too profound to be comprehensible. Nature's failings resemble the sea—how ? when ?—" in strife or in tranquil rest"—yes, but in which? Who next claims a hearing F TO JANE. You are a pretty girl, my Jane, my Jano, Who can deny the fact ? I saw you tripping down the lano And felt that I was sacked. Sold to you for ever dear, To love you night and day, Why then my faith should you still fear, Oh, tell me I do pray. Do tell tho simpleton if he has anything about him that you fear!—unless it be that he has not arrived at years of discretion. Jenny is a green girl if she has much to say to this particular suitor. We shall try something now on a grander scale. Here is BLANCHECUBETON—OR, THE MYSTERY. A childjplayed by a fountain With a pretty, sparkling toy, The father musing near him said— What have you found my boy ?" The child still gazing on the gem, Paused ere be replied, " 'Tis something that I found just here," Then to open it tried. First-rate metro! but nover mind, let's proceed. The father neared him as he spake, Then stooped the gem to view, It shone with lustre bright I ween, Though it was bathed in dew. A jewel rare the boy had found, O'er him thenoble eirc stood, He took it in his hand—behold 1 One sidjs was smeared in blood! Decidedly sensational. But very poor metre; However, on we" go. He wiped his brow, a cold sweat fell From oft his trembling front, 'Ere now, J've seen the sparkling gem, My soul why doth it hunt? With marble lips, and frame as cold, The noble father moved, Thon 6pake—" Ah, emblem of Death! Of her I early loved." And so our tragic poet proceeds. He tells us about the last kiss an unknown " she " gave to the writer—bow she wa6 afterwards lost near tho same spot; that diligent search was made for her mortal remains, but without success; that reason left him, never to return ; but in spite of all this, the ghost periodically visited his bed-side, (a very immodest thing for a female ghost to do.) Beside my conch when twilight fell Her form would calmly stand, With eyes up-raised, and saint-like gaze, And this held in her hand. The "this" evidently refers to the jewel which the boy had found with fresh blood upon it. The next verse however is a puzzler. 'Twas bright as new, but free from stain, Yet still it told of crime, Her gaze of love, it haunts me now, 'Twas holy, calm, sublime. A bright jewel, free from stain, " yet still it'told of crime." The writer should by all means disclose the process, and tell us how this miracle was accomplished. Besides, we are curious to know why this female ghost should have fallen so dreadfully in love with the poet—why she. should venture to enter a gentleman's bedchamber in the night-time to gaze lovingly upon him—and how in spite of all this can he dare to call these meretricious visits " holy, calm, sublime." We are perfectly puzzled, and need a thread to guide us through the labyrinth. A page or two further on we find that the writer has left his virtuous bad to accompany the female ghost to the church-yard, and there A sound they heard—a still small voice Gentle as infant's tone, Blanche Cureton lies beneath this mound, Beneath the flattened stone. Lord Herbert swooned upon the mound, His boy for aid then ran, A host of minions quickly came— There lay the noble-man. "Dreadful!—a double entendre in the midst of a tragedy, in which bloody jewellery, ghosts, murdered women, the Devil, and Tcm Jones were all figuring. Search was, however, made. They dug in fear and were not long Ere the flattened stone was found, And just beneath a female dress Of silk, lay in the ground. A skeleton lay in its folds Telling of murder done— A maiden sweet, a trusting soul, Who Herbert's love had won. And this is the last of the story, for the murderer was never found. Our correspondent sends a dozen additional verses, but surely these will suffice. As we have already said we have a flour-barrel full of rhymes, and though we cannot insert any of them as " Poetry," we may, upon some other occasion, when space is not particularly valuable, publish another draft for the amusement of our readers. One more extract must conclude this articlc. A chap lives out upon the road, Who writes long letters oft; Big yarns he tells to all the folks Because he is so soft. One time he's Gloucester, then he's Stroud, And Upper Manning too. He talks of things he knows not of, And this some time he'll me. For there are those who know him well, Who'll tell his story soon, And they may have somewhat to give That he'll not think a boon ! There, what all that's about we have no idea, but we must draw in our horses. Our readers now have a sample of the flour- barrel. 