QUEENSLAND. CUEING MEAT BY Dtt. MORGAN'S PATENT PROCESS. fPfiOV TBE QUBENSLAHD TIMES. IPSWICH). I _.^e alluded #omB l,a"; «®o to tho fact that Mr. Davis, from Adelaide, purchase! of Df. Morgan « patent for preferring meat. had taken premises at Town Marie, on the Bremer River, about six njlles from Ipswich, and that tbs operation of curing bad bwn com menced. Hiving since then visited Mr. Davis s establishment, and wituessod the mode of working the patent, we are enabled to furnish our readers with some account of the process. As is now pretty generally known, the Morgan patent consists in empty ing and washing out all, even tbe minutest blood-vtwelsof an animal while the carcase is still warm, and afterwards filling tbe same with b irie. This is done in a very simple and expeditious manner, and (he meat thue_ cared Uvury different indeed In flavour consistency, aud general aapcarinco, from' that which has undergone the uid and more tedious prooees of salting. We saw live beauts kilkd and cured in about an hour at Mr. Davis's establishment. Having been de spatched in the ordinary way, tbe animals aie laid on their backs, sometimes before they are quite dead, and the flesh having been laid open with a knilc on the breasi bone, the bone ig sawn in two, longitudinally and lorctd open witb an iron screw until tne aperture assumes an oval shape, about twenty iicLea long by seven or eight wide. Tbe operator, who is Mr. Daria'a manager, Mr. ltenoett (the only person, we believe, in the' colony, besides the patentee, wtiu is practi cally acquainted with ttie process) then cjm inrLCrs bis manipulations with the animal's heart, to which be obtains access by means of the opening we have described. It is impossible to nee exactly what Mr. Bennett is doing, bb bis bands arc inside the body of the beast, and his face is almost close to the opening. It U understood, of couire. that he it making an incision la the great aitery of tbe heart, and fastening, in tue cole thus (bade, the cjpper ooezle uf a long gotta percha tube (which descends from a bucket suspended to the ridge pole of the roof), containing the wash. Having secured this firmly in tbe aorta, tjiug it round the neck with twine so as to prevent any escape, bp next makes another opening at a short distanoe from the first, and, taming tbe stop cock at the end of the gutta percha to be, the wash, which fga diluted tniue, iafjrced by gra vitation Into tbe aorta, driving before it the blood, which escapes from the other openiug in a rushing stream, rising several feet into tbe air. About a minute suffices to drive out all tbe Woo.i, cut the injecjun is continued some time longer, so as thoroughly to wash out the blood vessels, until at last the waoh comia any almost in a pure statu. Tbe toast is tlieu rolled over so as to allow all the liijuor to drain oat, tbe carcase being afterwards restored to its piuviooe position. When tt,i» but been <loue. tho oi«rator closes the apcituie which he had made to enable the blood aud wash to eaciue, and having unscrewed the gutta percha tubi Hcrewson a second precisely similar to t"e' bra, but which is attached to the bottom oi unotber buckit which c ntaius the briue. Tbtt brine is comp.ised sim,,ly of "(? sa(t. petre, and sugar; but Mr. Darin propose* to add a httie spice to tbe solution, as an ex prriment, to Improve tbe tiasuar of the uie»L The tube having b.-en fisej, the tap is turned and the brine is thus forced Into tbs veins and arteries. In order to make quits sure that tbe liquor has thoroughly permeated every portion of tbe carcase, a small scratch is made near tbe end of the tail, and a foun tain of brine immediately jets out. A scratch on the tbick leathery cuticle ol the nuso is at tended with a similar result, ('^oniay mention also that even tbe hides are ttuirtugbly cured by the one process, aud when taken off the carcases are immediately stacked. One of tue animals, too, that we saw cured was a cow heavy m calf, and when the young oue was taken out, it was louud to be thoroughly im pn geared witb the briua.) We have oaten tbe tongue of a boast cuiui in this manner and nothing could have been nicer, or nute thoiotlguly preferred; tbe beef, too, as we know by experience, will bear roasting-an operation which would not add to thesuccu leucy of ordinary salt meat. Tne blood vessels having been thoroughly filled with brine, tbe caicase is loft to soak for half au bour or ntore; it is then strung up and dealt with in the ordinary manner; tha pieces are thrown into brine for & short time, turned ovaitom time to timr, *ud thoToaiblr exa mined, end, being found perfectly sw«et. ?I® c*"ks r"»dy for shipment Mr. Davis uu commenced operation! at a very unlavouiab.e period of the year, and tbe only premises which he has been able to obtain are not the most suitable for the puipose. lie has bad to dress meat with the thermometer at 104° in the curing shed, aud it is therefore not surprising that, in one or two exceptional oases, his success should n <t have been quite perteCL The test to which the meat is subjected, however, is eo thorough that there is not the smallest chance of its being fhipped In an unsound sute. Mr. Dn-ls lately shipped nearly a hundrrd casks I8u4lb. each) to Sydney, tor transmission to Eugian i by the OrwelL It was stated by a Brisbaue contempoiary that 2s. per pound wai ex pected to be realised in the London market 1 hi* la absurd; anything over 61. will pay Mr. Davis we I, and »J. or 10.1 la the outside pi toe contemplated. We shall b,- glad to hear that something like this lias b«n obtained and that thli new aod valoable iuduHrv ia therefore likely to be established as a perm*. nei.t addition to tbe resuuices and wealth of this town and district. "a«h°*!*Wbb,,c,,> ttUat William Rib^rts, aluu Trafford, was committed at the potice cenrt,. Bockbsmpton, yesterday," says tbe Bulletin of the 6th nit., "for trial at the sit tings of the District C*it iu March next ! ?? of wealing from tbe shop of *?/. T- H. blater jew.llery to ths value of £BW. ana receiving the tame kuowiug it to be stolen. The evidence given at Mtlboarna respecting tbe prisoner's arrest, aud tbe ideu- : tlncatlon of the jewellery recoreie4, has Ui'tHdy Kppeamd In our columns. The facts, as by the testimony adduoel yeetnr <1«y, are-that Wrench was In Kockhatnnt in In June last About tbe middle of July, the 1 I6th or J6tb, be bougbt the ba<iue«B con- ' iitctea with a fruit-shop from a Mrs, M Uul li;Cb, in Polsover-street. Mr. Slater's shop ' was wnfiirtd and roiibad on the night of Hie SOth July, or early on tbe tnoridng of I tne Wet. About a week or ten days alter ; Wfiooh took the shop from Mw.lKluUjch «?. . ,®Pon Br. Blackburn, Deiby-street, told bim lie bad kom» things to sell,%nd Mr. ®'^bun> b0ugbt tbe things, wbntafoou »WwS of foroitureL dulf, baddlog, 4oI for ^ Blackbara demurred Some. "».* M Prioe asked, and Wrench threw ' into the bargain a gold chain, which was pro duced in Oou ft, sworn to by Mr. Slater and his .wlfxwt asliki ohaiiis that were in tbs ehoit at the time of the robbery, and valued at £t On t beday fdlowlng the striking of the bar gain, Wrench sent lii» wife (who. it appears, wal witib Wm beret, to Scduey, by the Boo«ne»»n|[. Wnnoti Detttumud up In M1 bourne, where hs wajairosvod in a house of ill-fame. White under the esoort of Uonnte4 I _ O^yrnft, from Qladttoue to .w,d (ll>t only . ."»» of ill-fame with two tliton, (be robbery would nerer bin been disoorered. It «m Dot, be uM, owing to tiie cloverness of the detctlves; bat he had given a gold Hug to one alstsr sod a gold craat set with diamonds to the other; that one sister stole the ring from the other. Mid pawned It He alio said that he had received the jewellery in the way of bis trade as a broker. The article* produced in court were a gold watob, locket, and chain; the remainder of the article* have not yet arrived from Melbourne. Ur. Slater and his assistant positively Identified the watch, but cnulri not ewear to the other two articles. Mr. Blackburn bad shown the chain received by bltn to Mr. Kraft, jeweller, and wag told by him that It waa worthless; abuut a fort night ago Mr. Blackburn handed the chain to the police. Mr. J. 8 Walsh, sheriff'* officer, who was In the detective force in Victoria, Identified Wrench as a man who had been convicted of eeveral offences, aud bad buna a bad reputation in that colony. Mr. Walsh saw Wrench in town in Jane last, and be, strange to say, did not acquaint the police with thin worthy'" visit to Rockharapton." ACuRiOBiTT.-Mr. Robert Kaston, of Dry Creek, bas forwarded to the tnus^um In Kydney the akin of a most curious species of fifing squirrel, which a cat had hr mghfc to bis bouae. Tbe animal did not weigh half an ounce when dead, and its body was lew than theaiaeof an ordinary mouse considerable; but tbe most eitraoidinary portion of this epaclis Is the tail, whlqh is completely a feather. Mr. Easton, who has been for many yean aocus tomed to the bush of Australia, and is a small naturalist in his way, states tbat it is quite a discovery,-Richmond Examiner (Uraftim), Feb. 20. WILD Bullh -In this district there are scattered a large number of these, and It Is must daugeroug to chaw them, though parties occasionally try tbe spurt of destroying tbetn. A short time since a young man narrowly escaped being gored by a wounded animal 'i'he hr.ree be was riding was seriously hurt by the bom entering bla flank -Ibid. Ciuirs-The late showery weather has tended to the Improvement of nalse and tobacco. A large quantity of the lattei la now being prepared for the markets, and the quality ia reported generally as excellent. SmPBCiLDiKG rw Beibbahb.-On Thursday forenoon a fine schooner yacht was launched from tbe baildfng-jard of Mr. E. ilouk, at South Brisbane, for the Hon. C. Harris. The vessel in question is an old friend, known as the Hamlet's Ghiiat, and she bas undergone such s metamorphosis that nooneacgaaluted witb ber original form would Ti cognise beras the Bame craft. Her history bas uot be*-n an nnevei;tful one. The oilginal "Ghost," as she ia familiarly called, was build on a coral reef off our north-east coast by tbe cast-away crew of a whaling schooner belonging to S.rdney. named the Princtt of Denmark! The reef bad been occupied by the master of this whaler. Captain Bennett, as a depot for tt.iref, &c.;, and it was in approaching it that that vessel was wrecked. The crew reached the depot In safety by means of the bottg; and ti . ercape from this dreary and desolate spot, thiy built a boat of the remains of the (chooner and some boat planks which Captain Bennett had in store. In her Captain Bennett andhistrew. aftersuffeiingconsiderable hard ship?, succeeded in reaching this port. Sub sequently she was purchased by her present owner for £100. He laid out a considerable sum upon ber to fit her for the lightering trade, aud had her altered from a schooner to a ketch. As a lighter she was not a profitable vessel, owing to ber amatl capacity for cargo, and ultimately she was laid up. More re cently the was placed in the hands of Ur. Monk, tu convert her into a pleasure yacht, and tbe result may be seen in the smart litclb ! fchooner now moored off his yard at the south tide. Mr. Monk has also on hand a veB«l of a very different class; we allude to the light ship building for the Queensland Govern ment, bnd intended to be stationed at Koppil Bay. Within a hundred yards of this vessel Mr. W. Pettigrew has the keel of a steamer laid. This vessel will be about thirty tons I burthen, with a light drangbt, and is in tended to tow rafts of timber for the supply or cu exit naive uvrtniiu. .c ouner. 