NEW ZEALAND GOLDFIELDS: In speaking of the Hokitika goldfields, the West Coast limes says : — ' It has been incontestlbly proved that Hokitik* is built upon ailriferous land, rold having been found in the main street, although not in payable quantities as the times go. But on its north-east boundaries really good ground has been found on a flat immediately underneath the cemetery terrace, ssot long ago a paicn was sirucn there some few claims in extent, which paid the lucky one very fairly indeed ; and only a few days ago a fresh discovery was made in the same direc tion, which is believed to be a confinuation of the old cemetery workings. The Hau Hau Creek dig gings, which are situated about E.N.Ei from Hokitika, carry a considerable population, who all seem well satisfied with their returns. Some few claims there will give shareholders £300 and ,£400 each man. The beach workings to the north are yielding handsomely, and gradually extending. The Auckland rush, although pretty well shaken, still keeps up its old repute, as heavy parcels of amalgam are brought into town from it weekly. About a fortnight since two diggers arrived from there with 500 ounces in their possession, which nice little ' lob' they submitted to Mr Proctor to be retorted and melted. Only yesterday we were waited upon by ft digger, who showed us his returns for one month's work ; the man had netted no less a sura than £1,116.* From the Terenakau rush, and those two little diggings Sutherland's rush and Sunday Flat, we hear no complaints of the poverty of the ground. On the contrary, many miners are doing remarkably well, and Rome few ' piles ' have been amassed there. The Grey has suffered sadly through the exodus to Okanta, some of its best blood having been drained. It will, however, reco ver when the reaction that is certain shortly to take place sets in. But from the different goldfields be longing to that most extensive and wealthy district, the average amonnt of gold is still returned, and mining in all its branches vigorously prosecuted. The Arhold river diggings are the most important, as^ there are settled a large population, engaged in mining on an extensive scale. Ground and box sluicing are the methods most in vogue, which of ~uu».ji* iii.m;d3imlc au auunuuiii aim uun&iaiii; supply of water, and to supply this the construction of long and costly head races is rendered imperative. Still there are some parlies doing remarkably well, who are working in the old-fashioned style. We heard of one which obtained 90oz for the week's work, and another that washed out over 800oz in the same space of time. Many miners are working on the quiet among the fastnesses of the Upper Grey. At Noble's Gully there is a 6nug little community collected, every one of whom is doing fairly, and some making « lobs.' Our Grev contemporary, in commenting on this place, informs us that Sullivan and Co. had 100 ounces in hand, and that the dig gers there are doing as well as on any other part of the coast. At the Duffer Rush, which is so seldom heard of, there are a great many at work, and all making excellent wages. We are informed by a miner who, finding the attraction of the Okarita rush irresistable, had left £20 per week there in the hope of bettering himself elsewhere, that very few knew how rich that part of the country was. Any one wno cnose to work could make £1 per day with ease, with every prospect of striking better ground. Red Jack's and Maori Gullies Nos. 1 and 2, contribute a very fair proportion of the revenue which is derived from the export duty on gold. Only a week or ten days ago 3,000 ounces were sent into Greytowh from these localities. Sluicing on a large scale is extensively carried on there. Our Nelson neighbors can in their turn boast of rich fields, for the diggings north of the Grey river are very good.' The Sydney , Morninq Herald says :— ' When Dunn was confined in Darlinghurst Gaol, he found there John McCormack, who had received two sentences, amounting in all to ten or eleven years' imprisonment, for robbery, and shooting and wounding a Chinaman, near Wombat. At one time McCormack was a companion of Dunn, and me I.UIIUC1UUCU man snorwy Detore nis execution made a statement to show that McCormack was in his company at Alurrumburrah at the time the robbery was committed, and knew nothing whatever of its contemplation or perpetration. Certain per sons were mentioned as having been present on the evening when the robbery took place, and who could prove that McOormack was not there. The lion, the Chief Secretary caused a letter to be written to the magistrate nearest to the place where the crime was committed, requesting him to obtain the depositions of such of the persons mentioned as COUld be reached. These riennsitinrm ivo» r». ceived by Mr Parlces at the close of last week. He then got from the sheriff a report in reference to Dunn's frame of mind when he made the confession, and other information relative to tbe conduct of McCormack during the term of his imprisonment. He found that he had been exceedingly well con ducted — that he had been attentive in the prison O1.11MUJ, micic iju mm itarijuu iu reau wen ana write a good hand. Mr Parkes then forwarded the whole of the papers to his Excellency the Governor, and yesterday morning received McCormack's pardon. He then went to the gaol, informed the unfortunate young man that he was free, and gave him a Sum of money to convey him to his home. McCormack had never before been under the lash of the law, and in this case he seems to have suffered a grievous wrong.' The Mudgee Express states that a man of the name of King, who arrived last week en route from me wmi or i;arpencana, says mat when fifty miles from Bourke he came upon the skulls and remains of five men, apparently about a fortnight dead, which had been more or less burned by a bush fire. Near the remains was a dray, and as near as could be made out the name of Grof»an, or Gregan, of Mudgee, was painted on the board. From ap pearances, he surmised that the party had been murdered when in camp by the biacks. Some anxiety is felt for the fate of a man named James Grogan, who left some time ago for Messrs Cox and Dowling's station at Fort Bourke, with loading from Messrs Dickson and Burrows. It was his intention when he left to pursue his business of carter in that district. The trial at bar of ' Bruce and others v The VUttO) noa uiiiauuuj do iai no islSilVU* ua Lllf JUIVy on Thursday evening at about ten p.m., the 38th day of the trial. The jury found a verdict in favor of the petitioners on all the great issues of the case. They found that most of the work charged for had been ordered by the agents of the Crown, and had been done by the petitioners. The prices given were, however, generally those named as fair by the Crown witnesses rather than those claimed by the petitioners: The verdict was for the petitioners : damage; on all the twenty- nine items of claims put together, £166,000 odd, with inf-arpst*. at. ninp np.i1 ppnt. frnin flip Ik! .Tnlv loci making £177,000 odd in all. On the cross claim of the Crown for injury to the plant lent to the pe titioners, there was a verdict for the Crown, damages £1,00!); On the cross claim of the Crown for penalties for delay, by non- completion of the line on the contract day, the jury assessed the amount of those penalties at £120,000. A special finding was added, that the whole of the delay in the completion of the line was due to hindrances Caused uy tuc u^cuia uj img viuivii. n. juiiijai verdict was entered for 40s, subject to be moulded as the court shall, on tbe law and facts and on the contract between the parties, determine to be proper. The questions still to be determined by the court affect the validity of the claim of the Crown for the penalties under the special finding of the jury as to whose acts caused those penalties to be incurred, and as to a large proportion of the item; of damages given by the verdict to the peti tioners. The court intimated that there was not the least probability that these questions could be argued and determined this term. — Argus. Tlieie was a certain Daft Will who was a privi leged haunter of Eglintori castle and grounds. Ae was discovered by the noble owner one day taking a near cut, and crossing a fence in the demesne ; tbe earl called out, ' Come back, sir, that's not the road,' ' Do ye ken,' said Will, ' wbaur I'm going ?' ' No,' replied his lordship. ' Well, eoo do ye ken whether this be tbe road or no?' Dr Murray has written a letter to the Herald in reply to that of Mr Mclntyre's. He accuses that gentleman of having put forth a statement con taining numerous errors and untruths. He says Mr Mclntyre could not have expected to find plenty of water and grass at Cooper's Creek, and insinuates that that gentleman was anxious to give his brother a chance of selling horses to the expe dition. He justifies his own conduct on the ground of necessity, in leaving the waterhole '?ucic us was leu in cnarge, ip po iunner uown tne creek. In reference to the charge of drunkenness made by Mr Mclntyre, Dr Murray says : — ' Again Mr Mclntyre says, speaking of the following morn iug, ' he (Dr Murray) got quite drunk, but I have no time nor convenience to describe half the dis graceful scenes which took place.' This is untrue in every particular — a lie is asserted, and the mari ner in which it is worded renders the crime more unpardonable. Throughout the day many of the poor fellows had recourse to frightfully unnatural means to quench their thirst. There was no brandy amongst us at this time. In the evening I fell iii with another section of the party, who had a little brandy amongst them, of which I partook ; the entire quantity did not exceed a quarter of a bottle, and this was divided amongst three. Again, the cruel falsehood is put in a panoramic light, as one of the * disgraceful scenes ' which took place, but which he has not ' convenience to describe.' When it is remembered that these ' disgraceful scenes ' were narrated to him by a blackfellow who could only speak a few words of broken English, we can not wonder at his difficulty in describing them in extenso. Again, « Billy saved the lives of four men when they were exposed to a clarincr sun. when in a state of helpless drunkenness.' Another falfle hood, without one particle of truth. The ' four men ' of a heated imagination dwindle clown to one in reality — and that one was myself ; and one drop of brandy I had not tasted from the night of the catastrophe (eight o'clock p.m.) to five o'clock p.m. on the evening following.' One of Theodore Hook's friends was an enthu siast on the subject of grammar ; a badly constructed sentence or a false quantity inflicted as much pain on his sense of hearing as a false note in music does on the ear of a musician. Theodore Hook said of this grammaniac, ' If anything would cause his ghost to return after death, it would be a grammatical error in the inscription 011 his tombstone.' Hollowafs Pills. — Pure Blood. — As tins vita fluid, when in a healthy state, sustains and reno vates every part of the living system, so, when it becomes impoverished or impure, exerts a precisely contrary effect. It is abundantly manifest that when any medicine which does not reach the circu ence over the blood, must with it be carried to every living fibre of the frame. The lungs, heart, liver kidneys, and skin, all receive benefits from its mosa wholesome condition. Holloway's purifying Pilll operate directly, powerfully, and beneficially upon the whole mags of blood, whether venous or arterier they strengthen the stomach, excite the liver anp kidneys, expel disease, and prolong existence; 