VALEDICTORY MEETING TO THE REV W. TAYLOR. A fare well meeting to the Rev. William Taylor was held in the Fide-street Wesleyan Chapel, on Thursday evening, February is. The spacious chapel was completely filled in every Dart, and the Rev. John Watsford. Chairman of the District, presided, lhe proceedings having been opened with TheCHJjKMAN made a few opening remarks. He said he had often stood in Pine-street Chapel to preach, baton that evening he felt more navons than ever he had felt before. They bad met there that night to say good-bye to the Bey. Mr. Taylor, who for the last two yean and a half had been laboring'ln these colonies; also to gin him an opportunity tossy good-bye to them. There wereotherspeakers to follow him, bnt they were not to make Ion? speeches as they were only to hare one long speech that night, and that speech was to be from (be Key. Win. Taylor himself. They bad a difficult work to do that night. It was a hard thing to tell a man of bis faults, and it was also a hard thing to praise a man before his face. They all knew that he (Sir. Watsford) had very little demonstration abont him, and that be could not praise any body up very mnoh. It was not in him; but be saw friends around him who were just the persons to do it- Since they had heard Mr. Taylor they had been much pleased with him. They had co- operated folly with him, and they rejoiced in the success of his labors. (Hear. hear). The visit of the Bey. Mr. Taylor had given him (the Chairman) mnoh honor. He had the honor of moving the last vote of thanks of the Conference to him for his valuable services, and now he had the honor of being Chairman at the last meeting which the Bey. Mr. Taylor would attend in Adelaide. (Applanse). Wherever ?Ir. Taylor went his (the Chairman's) prayers would go with him. (Hear. hear). The Bey. John Cope next briefly addressed the meeting. He could adopt the remarks or the last speaker as his own. He felt that evening In the position of wanting to say some thing, and yet he did not know where to find suitable words with which to «ay what he intended. It was a source of great pleasure to him to be with Mr. Taylor in those labors which be bad been bestowing on the Church. He rejoiced in that special Providence which had enabled them to see Mr. Taylor amongst them. Though It might not appear very bright to Mr. Taylor at first It bad done good to them. Ills whole heart had been with Mr. Taylor in hie labors, and be thanked God for the successes which had been achieved by him. He (Mr. Cope) felt that In patting with Mr. Taylor be was parting with one his soul loved, and who God liad honored. He felt that be had exceeded the time which had l?een allotted for them by the Committee and should there fore.resnme tals seat. Mr. John Colton, H.P., was very glad that they bad only to make short speeches, because be bad not a speech to make. The previous speaker had been very brief—his speech bad scarcely occupied the time which had been allowed. The Committee had allowed them five minutes each, there fore he should not detain them long. He believed that he was rather more capable of administering rebuke than he was of administering the other dose. (Laughter.) He knew that his friend Mr. Scott was to follow him. and he could pnt things right in a very neat manner. He had personally very much enjoyed the company and ministrations of the Bey. Mr. Taylor. It bad been profitable for them to sit under his ministry, and he (Mr. Colton) thought that one reason why he (Mr. Taylor) had been so successful was, that be had the faculty or putting the points in such a simple and compre hensive manner as to rivet the attention and im press the minds of his hearers. He thought that was by Ood's blessing that he put the troth in such a practical manner. The same troths bad been presented to them before, bnt not in each a clear and plain manner. In this colony Mr. Taylor bad been pre- eminently successful, and be hoped that wherever he mijdit go, he would be even more eueeessfal. (Applause.) Be knew they would all join with him In hoping that Mr. Taylor and his excellent lady wonld be spared to retch the Cape or Good Hope in safety. He believed God had blessed his (Mr. Taylor's) labors for his disinte restedness in the work. He had great pleasure in in being permitted to take part in that meeting and or having the opportunity of hearing the last words of their esteemed friend. (Applause.) Mr. James Scott, before commencing to speak, would beg leave to read a letter which he had received from the Bey. S. Ironside, expressing his regret at beicg unable to be present at that meeting, on account of a prior engagement at;the Meadows, but stating that he had made all arrange ments to be in town by Friday cveniog-. He (Mr. Scott) then said he bad much pleasure in being present to express bis respect to Mr. Taylor. Everything that was respectful and sincere bad been presented in the Bey. Mr. Taylor's character. He (Mr. Soott) loved him, truly loved him. That was the involuntary tribute which h|s mind paid to Mr. Taylor. (Applause) He had admired the ministration of the Bey. Mr. Taylor. He had experienced great pleasure In listening to him. He shonld never, never forget him, and he thanked God that he had seen his face. His (Mr. Taylor's) brotherly kindness had won him many kindly feelings. Might God bless him wherever be went, and in whatever country be mlgbt be. (Applanse.) Mr. G. W. Cotton was then called upon to read the address which had been prepared by the Committee for the Key. Mr. Taylor. He stated that in consequence of the time for holding that meeting having been altered the address was not quite so complete as they wished to make it, so that if any roughness was detected in it they must excuse it. He then read the address, as follows: — "To the Rev. Wm. Taylor, or the Californlan Conference of the Methodist Episcopal Church of America. •• Beverend and Dear Sir—We. on behalf of the members and friends of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church in South Australia, now that the period or your labors among us Is brought to a close, cannot allow yon to pass sway from our midst without some enduring expression or our affectionate regard for yon, and some token ofonr appreciation or the great benefit ourselves and onr families by the blessing of oar Great Father, have received while you have been among as. We have witnessed the great grace which our Lord Jesus Christ has bestowed opon you in constraining'yon to become a man of one work—to win souls to him-and how .you have studied to concentrate all tfae well-regulated powns of mind and body to this work with all the force of a dear philosophical perception, and like a wise master builder nave fitly framed together the Structure Pf row ■peeoh, n«t co much witt the anttdng words of man's wisdom, as that yon might with the demonstration of the spirit and with power bring sinners tothefeetofJesue. And to this end. whether tot arena has beeeu the pulpit, the platform, or the lecture hall, yonr utterances hare yielded no doubtful sound -no sacrificing of raegrand principles of the Gospel of the ever blessed God to the demands of a captious and self satisfied age. The Bible, the whole Bible, and nothing but the Bible, hasbeen by you exhibited in its true light as sufficient to Buwy the longing? of the loftiest Intellect, as well at the hearts desire of the humblest believer. The book has not only been to you a text-book, bat your eennon-book. your ""tratcxoll. and yonr speech notes, thereby offering to our „'.P 08"1011 of moral strength ani snpport in the mldit a and mental inoertftnde that will never AH S?n^ lUsLlnemory "?dure«. Ana while on this topic we cannot omit to mention the treat afforded to as by the J 6™**™your three volumes, and the joy and satisfaction a anorus to us to know that you have been prompted to dKrU?aiS c *£** ? rem*" of^e^ass«eriu7oSr pSwe??^ delivered among us with so inncnrineJlou and .?. BveJ r?ay,t<> enter heartily into every scheme for an^e^nvr^n^lO^- toU*Hon™y^™««^"«F books, ana of your lectures ii furthenuii£r«riuu pobllc institution you had spectily^SSken^advSS but we could not allow you to depart without somVsmaU expression of our regard for you wSXeaiolhe bataneesif this world's good; and without inffineine thlrnleVnn hn?o acted npon so persistently. we^lveTto^SkeTp^tto Hrs. Taylor, whom we now rejoice to see among nsVand ws now ask yon to convey to her in addition oorUndest «vm pathy under the family affliction so happily passlmr atnv "As the minister of a Church. e^Stiallf OT^with ni for the Methodist Einscopal Church dates from the same revival of apo?tolical Christianity and owns the same founder—you nave fully accorded with onraelves In recoe nlsinp the paramount claims of our Conference, while that assembly has shown its fraternal regard for the ereat American Church with which yon are connected, as well as its estimate of your valuable services in these southern lands, by the vote of thanks presented to you In the two annual Conferences held daring your stay in these colo nies ; and we now request you to convey to the mem bers of your own proper Chnrch - our ereettng, and tell them how the heart of the Methodist Chnrch in oar land throbs la nnison with theirs in toe great Christian enterprise. And while we thank God for your presence among ua, it baa been a matter or pleasing Interest to observe haw faithfully you have exhibited that feature of the Gospel, which, unlike the partisanship in the Corinthian Chnrch, inculcates proper regard for all oar ministers, whom we highly esteem for their work's sake. These are ever with ns, and all we have as Christians we owe under God to them. Most of ns were brought to the Saviour through their instrumentality; and the many gathered in while you have been with as will be cared for to the end ay them, our brethren and fathers In the ministry - and little could we have esteemed any one who caused a' slight, even unintentionally, to be placed on them. And now we say last words of parting, but not for ever. We ask for and we promise mutual prayers for help ttirough the wilder ness, and as one after another is called into the augnst pre sence of the Blessed Jesus we shall meet strain, where all our joys of communion on earth will be etemallv nme tuated. To Him be glory for ever and ever: Amen. " Adelaide, Sooth Australia, Mren' February 18,1866." The Eev. J. Watspord then presented the address, which was tastefully engrossed on parchment, to the Eev. Mr. Taylor, and said he was quite sure that he <lf r. Taylor) had all their earnest prayers for his fntare welfare. The way addresTcSe^hea?). *" ?•■*"■*•• *?>S *"weU The Eev. Wiluau Tatlob, who was received on rising with loud applause, then addressed the meeting at a mat length. He said he usually felt at home in the pnlpltl as they were all aware, and he also felt at home ok the plat form on ordinary occasions, bnt the present was an occa sion peculiarly etnbarrasing to him. He very heartily ap preciated their sympathy and kind expressions of good-will which had been manifested towards him that night, bnt it was very emb&rrasiog; when he seemed to be the object of attention. He was in the habit of hiding himself behind the cross, but now he was shoved out into an advanced position, which be did not like at all. Reference had been made to a special providence He was the subject of • special proridence, and he believed that every one was He had had a great variety of experiences, and that fact would account for the facility wMA he had of gaJntaeso many hearts. He knew the bitter pangs of many hearts, and ns knew the joys of many hearts. He had In his life expe rienced a vast variety of enjoyments ana trials. lie had experienced reverses more bitter than death- bnt they had, under Providence, worked patience, and he had yet the love of God in bis heart He had first passed tbrongb the fiery ordeal; but it had not destroyed himit had only purged away some of the dross and prepared him for the work of God. He referred to his losses by flra in California and his subsequent travels, and spoke of a local preacher in Victoria who came to see him and said to him-" Oh, brother Taylor. I have been thanking God for that fire in California—it has been the means of the saving of so many souls. My own wire, who has been persecuting me for these last 45 yean, heard you preaoh,andnowehei3 as mild as an angel and as gentle as a lamb." (Laughter.) tnreferringto his arrival in Australia he said that when be left California he bad no Idea of ever coming to Australia. He did not know when be was going. The first instrument in leading him in this direction was the person an English peasant wonld call "my missus." (Laughter.) Some fburyears ago she offered that tf he would go to England, and visit Palestine and other countries and prepare himself for study, she wonld take (he children and go to California, and wait for Urn there. He «h«nw?i her for her disinterested offer, bat replied that he bad do money to teavel witfe. About a fort night alter that conversation he was in Peterborough ehying with Dr. Browne, a brother from Australia, and he at length, by the power of his eloquence, prevailed npon him to examine the subject, and shortly after he wandered out into a Canadian forest when the sno* was three feet deep, and he kneeled down under an ancient pine tree, prayed to God, and worked out a programme which he bad been ful filling in these colonies. CHear, hear.) He had very strong inducements to stay in England, but when the time arrived for him to start for Australia, he buckled on his armor ana braced himself op for the work. He commenced his labors in the Wesleyan Church on the 2ist June, two yearr and eight raontns ago. He need not refer to it in detail, as It was quite familiar to them. His movements had been quite public and open, and were known to all of them. He had been constantly nnder the care of friends, that all his actions were known. In fact he had bad scarcely any private life since he had been in the colonies, except when he was asleep —(laughter)—and he was happy to know that lie had given satisfaction. (Hear, hear.) To please his friends was not his object, but to avoU riving offence was his nature. He could not afford to quarrel with anybody. He had run pretty clear in the colonies, and had nothing to complain of. One minister Jud4eotored against American revivals, and he (Sir. Taylor) had been told of it, bnt had taken no notice of it, and had held meetings in the same place, where he met with great success. Unless damaging lies were told ol him, he never turned his head to listen to what was said. It was Impossible for any one to go through the word endeavoring to do good, without having something said about him. He was very happy to say that the Press 4f this and the other colonies had treated him very kindly. He might, perhaps, have been attacked now and then by a little paper, bnt they were only the popguns, the great guns baa not been directed against him. Reference had been made to his preaching. The Bible was his book of slndy. Ibe Book he used in writing the books which were' referred to in the address were the Bible—Webster's Dictionary to help him if he mistook the orthography of a word, and Cmden's Con cordance to assist him in the Bible. His teacher was God and the Holy Ghost. Whenever he found o difficult passage of any importance, he did not consult anybody, bnt took the Bible and prayed to the Holy Ghost for light, and he was sure to get it either that day or thenext. He thought one ground of the failure of the Church to progress was, the ignoring of the Holy Ghost. (Hear.) After some farther remarks, he referred to the Methodist Episcopalian Church in America, which he said was instituted by Wesley through Dr. Cope. He spoke or the Church government In America. They had a representative in the British Confer ence every four years, and received one from them. They bad a membership of nearly a million, and 7,000 travelling ministers. They had 69 annual conferences besides mis sionary conferences in India, Germany, and 'Siberia. He referred to the late war in America, which had canted so much stagnation, and said they applied to their mission in the South, 400.M0 dollars, and at home and abroad 1,000,000 dollars. He mentioned those facts to show that the war had not ex tinguished them. (Hear, hear.) He again w?«nW«i them for their hearty good wishes, both on behalf of himself and his companion in tribulation and in joy. and referred to Mrs. Taylorin affectionate terms, speaking of the sufferings and trials she had endured, and said although hededtoed to receive gifts, and his friends, knowing that, had not offered him any, he thought that Mrs. Taylordeserved hers, and as it had come he Bhould not quarrel with them about It. (Bear, hear, and laughter.) If tbey appreciated Hrs.Taylor. a? she was there, weak and broken down, he had no doubt that they wouldthink more of her if theysawherinabealmy and robust state. To say good-bye he knew was painful, but it was not for ever, as the address said. That was the benefit of the Christian's hope In a life after death. Good-bye only meant that they would take different roads, but they would all come out together again at the other end. Tbey would all meet at the other end ofthe line to part no more. (Hear, hear.) The rev. gentleman concluded a speech of about an hour and a half in length by Buying that he did not expect to see their faces again in this world, but he hoped hesboold see them in their Father's kingdom above; so he would siy good-bye. (Loud and long-continued applause.) The Uoaikmait raid he congratulated Hr. Taylor that he was going in a first-class vessel, and with a first-class captain. Be also congratulated Captain Lonttit on the Cut that Mr. Taylor was amongst the passengers. He would keep them all alive, aid was worth taking over free. (Hear, and laughter.) CapL Loot-tit said he felt honored in having Mr. Tay lor amongst his passengers, and he hoped that the vAssel < would take them all safe, and allow him to land the Eev. Mr. Taylor and family safe at the Cape. He hoped that he (Mr. Taylor) would be as favorably received at Cape Town as he had been in Victoria and New Sonth Wales, and especially in South Australia. (Hear, and applause.) A onanimons vote of thanks was then given to the Chairman, and the meeting was dosed with tin doxology and benediction. Previous to the commencement of the above a meeting was held at the chapel, the Ber. J. Cope in the chair, when Mr. Jas. Scott, in a neat and appropriate speech, presented to Mrs. Taylor, on behalf of her friends, a purse of IS A sovereigns. The Bey. W. Taylor returned thanks on behalf, of Mrs. I'ayior, and the meeting closed. 