. THE INDUBTilirr A fair criterion of the healthiness of T dustnal Institute, Geelong, mav be d? In< the per centage of the children un<W Q rm treatment. Including the arrivals from Melbourne, there are two hunH, /eek twenty-four inmates, and of these anti in tne Hospital, the most of them comnl arfc febride symptoms, and placed there 1Dmg of precautionary measures than for medical fr\UDder A couple of cases show mitigated e.v/ri; ment- one patient suffers from ohiolen nS « no cases of scarlatina or measles An„fi re, are new buildings for whicb contract rtw the eve ofcompletion, and "another one is L'3 n gress. ; The - one finished is a finP M PI0- erection, with lofty roof, good ventilatL r11 prepared mside with tinted coloring, the roVl 18 the spring of the arch being: painted white u® introduction, of green painted glass in fL v ille has been found6be„elicial, Yfi It £ r0' paint the upper portions of the windows of to mitories and the. school, in a similar wavs the evening ablutions had been performed we t spected the children as they were drawn nn il columns, two abreast, the assembly call ,Ur supper bell, the ringing out of which seemed! k® very attractive, as well as mandatory fn ft® children trooped up with marked alacritv ami f u in evidently melted by the immediate prospects a raid on something good and not far off OH exclaimed the amazon of the occasion aiidth ' fantry drew up, and the pigmies, male' and lemT looked important, and of course made some ' takes subversive of rigid discipline, and were dulv reprimanded, for Miss Part is a bit of a ma»+; / Right about, No. 1 company ; march ! MarvSnfifl pay attention ; now, that will do. No. 2 fall not so fast ; keep time ; there, you see ydu can ' it very well. Now, No. 3; that's the way A a then No. 4 column, famous for the achievements > has performed on padding and bread and milt fearing, probably, that the head of the colUmn J\ get the best of the supper, lose step, fall into con fusion, and crumple up. But the superintended has an eagle eye upon them, meets the crisis and orders them to beat time, and administers 'a « , buke to Sally Gray. The head of the column has deployed aud reached the refectory and the swerving mass pour into suppsr Ju' ing their places at the respective tables! older and exact tune. Huge cans of tea duly prepared with milk send up a fine aroma. Loaves disappear with strange alacrity. Paunikius, more than' suffi, cieut to start a wholesale manufacturing tinsmith in business, are placed almost noiselessly. There are female aide-de-camps flitting hither and thither and able girls bringing up fresh supplies of provi'. sions fom the commissariat. During this eventful period, the children are singing, doing manual exer cise with feet and hands, and finally before the re past intoning a benediction, and when all is over- offer a grace. The dormitories seem to be kept scrupulously clean, and are well ventilated. The staff appointed to superintend this school, contain ing at the present time 224 children, comprises fif. teen individuals —matron, assistant teacher clerk storekeeper, seven wards women, one dining-room woman, one laundress, one cook, one seamstres and one yardman. The daily consumption of bread is 163lb lOoz, meat 1031b, potatoes 1321b, milk 123 pints, sugar 191b, tea lib 14oz, cheese looz coffee looz, salt half an ounce to each child. On every Friday there is a hundredweight of flour, curraufcs, aud other thiugs for puddine, such as suet, raisius, and sugar. On Tuesdays' the girls are supplied with a stew made of equivalents ! the above rations ; and on Mondays and Thursdays, vegetable soup made from tabular calculations oi nutritive bodies equal to the items already set forth. Tbe late draft of children which, with a few exceptions, are under six years of ae, look re markably-well, and of all the children it may be said that they are thriving apace, and are free from ailments affecting many children outside of the e?- tablishmeat.— -Advertiser. J As a well-known barrister was returning in the trairn to Malmsbury, after being appointed to a responsible post under the crown, lie hap. . pened to be seated next to an individual whose attentions were the reverse of agreeable. The latter had been freely indulging in rum, savs tbe Express, tobacco, and to crown all, onions. olla podrida, which, it will be easily understood, rendered his breath far from as pleasant to inhale as the " gales of Araby the blest." However, he was either oblivious, unconscious, or careless of the fact, for he ever and anon thrust his face into that of the member of the bar, while confi dentially expressing his opinion upon men and things. At length the nuisance became intoler able, and our legal friend gave emphatic expres sion to his desire that the other should keep a respectable distance. " " Bother you and your . distance too," said tbe elevated one, "you weren't so migkiy particular before you were made Crown Prosecutor." " Sorry I eau't say even as much for yourself," replied the barrister, " for you were neither 'particular' before nor since." The repartee caused considerable amusement among their fellow passengers. Bloated Cattle. — A correspondent of the Yass Courier supplies the following If you have cattle bloated with rich grass or clover, give tlfem a pint of sweet or salad oil. This will stop the work of fermentation going on in the stomach of the animal, which is the cause of its bloated condition, in the course of 20 minutes at the longest. Again,. if cattle are put on rich food after the dew has evaporated, they will not feel any evil consequences whatever. Forrest in Dahon and Pythias.— One of the " dramatic critics" of this metropolis gets ;off a column or two of vapid inanities under the pretence of making " a notice" of Forrest's im personation of Damon, which, by the universal consent ofallcompetentjudges. isoneof the finest pieces of acting ever witnessed on the English or American stage. The critical ignoramus prefaces his tissue of absurdities with an objection to the play itself, on the score of its " improba bilities," He thinks " no durable reputation can be built-up" on the foundation of so improbable a play. ?It is absurd to imagine that Damon would really hare been such a fool as to come back to save bis friend, thinks this astounding critic ; and even if be did, what of it ? "as l anything more than any man of honor would have done ? O, wise and perspicacious critic; O, most consistent and ponderous of incredible blockheads ' "Damon and Pythias" is "in credible" forsooth! That is your insuperably objection" to it-. But you can digest "Hamlet (ghost and all) ; the Tempest," with Ariel and Caiiban, and all Prospero's wondrous doin.v-- » " Midsummer Night's Dream " Richard tue Third," aud the brief decisive wooing of the widowed Anne — you can stomach all the-e, without so much as a wry face on account ot their " improbabilities." O, unspeakable a.-- , for whom the tears of Billy Bottom would la-k due and appropriate longitude ! TV hat great poet or dramatist, aiming to embody his ideal, jJ; _ l 1 ' . — i-nL A #vmtrplllTl£f» ever yci> biuuicu juui n couuter-jumping "probabilities?" — San Fran cisco News Letter. . An Editor in Heayen.— Uuder the above cap tion a newspaper gives a long obituary of a bro ther of the quill, from which.we extract the clos ing paragraph: — "Are" we riot glad that such an editor is in heaven ? There the. cry of ' mr® copy' shall never again fall upon his distrac e ears. There he shall never be abused any pore by his political antagonists, with lies aud tion that shall shame a demon to promulg3 There he shall no more he used as a ladder tor aspiring to kick down as soon as they ren® _ desired height, and need .him no more. I lie shall be able to see the immense masses 0 mind he has moved, all unknowing and unkno as he has been, during his weary pilgrimage earth. There he will find all articles credited not a clap of his thunder stolen ; and there s be no horrid typographical errors to set him Blondin is said to have been one of the fir- applicants . to the directors of the iqe graph. Company. He wanted to have raised on poles at either end so that r> walk over. . , , miwcver Tom Cooke is reported to have sai , f j Denvil contrives to keep sober throngli .g0 cannot imagine.' ' Why should he ' Why than sober iu that especially V said some 0 ' - isn't he calling for spirits from the begums to the end,' said the inveterate punster» 