STORY OF A SINGULAR GHQST. Of all calumnies disguised under false appear ances of which there, is any record, ? few have struck me so much as this one, from which you will see, children, that if God sometimes permits ! the caluminater to be believed, He never suffers his crime to go unpunished. A farmer of Southam, in Warwickshire, England, was mur dered on his way home. On the following day, ; a man came to the fanner's wife, and. aslced if ; ner nusDand nacl got lioine tiio evening before. I 'Alas! no,' she replied, 'and I assure you I i am very uneasy about 'him. ' ' ' Your uneasiness, madam, can scarcely equal mine, aud for this reason : Last night, as I lay awake in niy bed, your husband appeared to me ; he showed me several wounds he had received on his body, and told me positively that he had been murdered by I such-a-onc,- and that his body had been thrown [ into a marl-pit situate at a certain place on the road.' . The woman terribly alarmed by this sad disclosure, caused a search to be made. The marl- ? pit was discovered, aud in it was found the dead ? body, bearing wounds in the places which had ; been pointed out. The person whom the ghost had accused was seized and delivered up to ' justice, as being strongly suspected of the ; murder. His trial took place in Warwick, and : the jurors would have condemned him as rashly j as the magistrate had ordered his arrest, if Lord Raymond, the principal judge, had not sus pended the warrant. Addressing himself then to the jurors, he said : 'I think, gentlemen, you appear to give more weight to the testimony of a ghost than it deserves. . I canuot say that I put much faith in such stories ; but, however that may be, we have , no right to follow our own inclinations in this matter. ' We form 'a court of justice, and must act according to law ; now, I know of no law that admits, in justice, the testimony of a ghost. ..And even, if there were any such,' it seems to 'me only . fit and proper that the ghost should appear here to make his deposition himself.' Crier, call tlie accusing ghps^t.' The crier- called three different times, without^thc ghost appearing, as you may will suppose. 'Gentleman of the jury,' con tinned the -judge, 'the' prisbnei\at the bar ii proved- to 'be of. unblemished reputation; it has iot , appeared, jin the course, of the trial. :hat '. there ? was any sort of', quarre? vie'tweeri' him and the deceased. I believ* urn r innocent. As there ' is no proili iguinst him, either direct or indirect, it seem ,-- me that he ought to be discharged. On tlu fther .side, from several circumstances ? that struck me during the trial, 'I. strongly suspect the person who Bays he saw the ghost of being p.. , ... himself the murderer ; hence it was not difficult for. him to point out the position of the wounds, the marl-pit into which the body was thrown, &c.; In consequence of these suspicions, I think it my dutjr to have him arrested, until further investigation takes place. Police arrest sucha one ?' Hearing this address, so wise and so energetic, every one agreed that Lord Raymond was right. The accuser became the accused ; a search Avas made in his house, where several articles were found lielonging to the deceased. Finally, he himself confessed his crime, and was sentenced to death at the next assizes, — Filas- sier, Diet il'Educ. 