A ROUGH SEA VOYAGE. Under the above head the Bendigo Advertiser of the 15th inst. publishes the following: — The following is an extract from a letter received by this mail from Mr Isaac Seymour, an old Ben digo resident, aud nearly seven years foreman of the blacksmiths at Messrs Horwood's foundry. The letter is dated South Boston, America, 28tb January, 1866, addressed to his cousin here ; and, from the well known character of the writer, its truthfulness may be implicitly relied on. After detailing a few disagreeable but unimportant inci dents consequent upon a sea voyage with a family, the writer goes on to state : — ' I suppose yon know wo sailed from Melbourne in the ship Patrick Honry in 1865. Wo were eighty four days on the passage, had good winds, and some heavy weather at times. Hounded Cape Horn on the 31st day out iu a heavy snow gale, running right before tho wind, with the sea mountains high. Wo saw several icebergs, one of which was about three miles long and two wide, aud about 150 feet high out of the water. Wo suffered a great deal with cold and starvation ; but the next portion of our voyage was more melancholy and frightful, and of a character which I cannot describe to yon in full, but will tell you some of it. When we left' Melbourno it was intended we should call into Bahia, in South America, about 1000 miles from the Horn, for water and provisions. However, instead of doing that, having a fair wind and the chance of a quick pas sage, the captain determined not to call in, but to put us on half allowance of rations arid water, so as to mako the provisions last out. Passing Bahia, we had provisions only to last one week longer ; and on some of the passengers asking for their right?, thoy were handcuffed to the yard rail for half an hour — the weath»r cold and freezing. Further on our voyage, some of them were strung up by their hands for half an hou', and half that timo with thoir feet off the deck. Their cries cou'd be heard all over the ship, begging to bo ' shot down' rather than suffer such agony. One man — a Captain Ramsay, of Boston — died of starvetion, and all tho passengers were so weak that they could scarcely walk about the ship.' After detailing a very melancholy account of the death of a little daughter, from tho culpable neglect of the ship's doctor (a man whose name we refrain from publishing through respect to the memory of his gallant and world-renowned son, whose life was sacrificed iu the service of this^colony), tho writer proceeds: — ' The doctor was a drunken Ecimp ; ho was drunk or playing card.* and smoking all the time, and instead of looking after the sick people, he was looking after those who could give him ' a nip.' ' * * * We all stopped at New York some days, trying to pull the cap tain for such conduct, but found it to be impos sible. The ship was seized before we left her, and the British Consul would have nothing to do with it.~Tbe Patrick Henry sailed as a British ship ; she went to sea under the British flag, and whon at sea was under tho American flag ; but going into New York she hoisted the British flag. We could not find any owners. She was neither a British nor American ship, therefore she was a pirate. We went to the American Emigration Office, and they tried all in their power to help us, bnt could not, because she sailed under the British flag and out of a British port, and they told us it was the British Consul's place to act in the matter, but he would not.' A Malicious 'Ghost'. — At a ball recently given in Berlin, ou the seventeenth birthday of tho daughter of one of tho noblest families, a mysterious figure — a monk masked — entered the saloon precisely at midnight, and disappeared, after having presented the young lady with a basket of flowers. On examining tho contents, an ebony coffin was found, inlaid with silver, containing a bridal wreath, an arrow piercing a lily, and a paper, on which was written, ' a greeting from the world of Bhadows.' Though the mother became insen sible, the young couutess did not lose her presence of mind, but continued dancing, and betrayed 110 emotion whatever. 