AN EXTSilojlNlctfV vnvAftiR From the Daily TeWranh. Aiiom«t. 9,7 1 made Sow?' lo?he ft v ' nowPapo'f paragraph ture full wr, j 5? British public that a mmia- and a half tnn« -P1 f somethin£ less than two and a dL k ABteT' with a ore of tw en Channel rSrw .-been spoken in the English annel, off Hastmes. after mol-; »« 4 of iime' from York- Any- ing unon rash &D; enduranc,v even if border- Saxon tflmn!neSS' S1 C0DKenial to Anglo- offered for \ no aPolgy need be known nf mPlfylng (he meagre details already once LtTl "ndertaking attempted more than ' DT'we believe, for the first is not n 83 U achieved. For this purpose it have inrTr0 criticise th® motives which risk their b y0UD American seamen to crossino- fh 3 l S PenIoas an undertaking as abouTthe rrmy Atlantic in a little craft about the size of a ship's jollv boat. Leavine 2»ta» o.lofth. question, and taking the dotal. ofBtk ®tand-Pin' of the opinions and j l n J1® venturers themselves, which are duly recorded m a log-book that bears very un- mistakeable evidence of what boat life is on the Atlantic, we find it stated " That the object of this expedition is to be at the world's fair in aris, to show the French they have not all omplete without something notorious to give the rest a contrast." The Paris Exhibition. «» ei , opens in April 1867. To have reached it in time would have involved sailing from New York m February. Probably no 'one knows better than the adventurers themselves by this time that the chance of weathering an equinoc tial gale in the " roaring forties," in a two and a halt ton boat, was rather too remote to be undertaken by any but a properly qualified can- idate for a lunatic asylum. As a conseqaence, the voyage had to be undertaken this year at a period when the probabilities were in favor of the maximum of favorable weather. Having safely arrived/he adveniurers will no doubt find ways and means of spending their time pleas antly enough till next April in visiting some of the principal seaports of the United Kingdom and the Continent. The ship Red, White and Blue, of New York, 23S-100 tons register, is a metallic lifeboat, built by lugersoll, New York. Her dimensions are as follows .-—Length, 26 feet ; breadth of beam 6 ft.' 1 m. ; depth of hold, 2 ft. S in. ; from decks to heel, o ft. Shdris like all lifeboats and whale-boats sharp at both ends, or stem and sfcern alike. She has a water-tight compartment of 4 ft. at each end, and' cylinder compartments along1 each side. " She: is; decked over, but has a cockpit for the steersman around the mizenmast. The sails, which, together with the spars, were designed and made by. Mr Crunisky, of New. York, consist . of fore-topmast staysail, jib, and flying jib, fore main and mizen courses, topsails, top-gallant sails, and royals aud' spanker. All these are bent to set just as in a ship of 1000 tons. She was launched on the 21st of' J une, haying previously had a false keel fitted to ner standing keeJ, giving a total depth of keel 71 in. She was launched with all her spars standing, bows on, from a dock five feet above the level of the water. Her captain and owner John M. Hudson, not a bad name by the way, for an adventurous navigator, was the only person on board, aud he records it as a good indication of the fitness of his craft for her intended voyage, that "she did not take a bucketful of water on deck, and, considering the weight aloft, did not look to turn over, or in auy way feel crank, as the people on the dock said she would, but found themselves disappointed." Hav-. ing found a congenial adventurous spirit iu the per son of Frank E. Fitch, to share iu the perils of the projected voyage, these two plucky Now Yorkers went to work to get their craft ready for sea. The newly-launched craft was found to leak, and it was necessary to take out the mizenmast to repair the damage. It would have been well for the comfort of the adventurers if they had discovered another defect in their craft, which did not develop itself until she was pitching and rolling, gunwales under, in the huge swell of the Atlantic ; but they failed to make the discovery, and paid the peualty of being wet through nearly the whole voyage. The stores taken on board consisted first of 12 ten gallon kegs of water, 200 lb of bread, 5 ib coffee, 2 lb tea, 10 lb butter, 4 boxes smoked herrings, 1 dozen cans of milk, 15 lb smoked beef, 17 lb cheese, 4 bottles pickles, mustard, pepper, salt and sauce, two bottles of biandy, 1 bottle of whiskey, and j bottle of bitters. To these were added, as a gift, by Mr Isaac Reckhow, of Brooklyn, 2 dozen cans each of the following preserved provisions : — Roast beef, roast turkey, roast chicken, and mutton soup. Mr Recklow also presented Captaiu Hud son with his dog Fanny. It would have been well for the poor brute in question if that gentleman's generosity had stopped short at his very appropri ate gift of stores, for poor Fanny, unable to stand up against constant wet and exposure, that was beginning to tell on her biped companions, gave lip the ghost just as the Red, White and Blue made the mouth of the Thames, after safely surmounting all the dangers of the voyage. The master's de partment consisted of a boat compass, quadrant, charts, parallel rule, divider's weather indicator, log line and glass, 7 lb lead, American ensign aud pennant, English and French ensigns, anchor and fifty fathoms of rope, but no chronometer. The surgeon's department, to which happily we find no record in the log of use during the voyage, consisted of six bottles of Indian liniment, six boxes of vege table pills, a bottle of powders, and another mix ture of some marvellous character, which we are told is " the never-failing smallpox cure, and has cured yellow fever and cholera." It was well, per haps, for captain and crew that neither smallpox, cholera, nor " Yellowback, " gave them an oppor tunity of testing the value of their remedy. During the process of fitting and stowing ship the tiny craft was visited by crowds of ciu-ious New Yorkers. The commeuts of the sterner sex, so far as they are recorded, don't appear to be either hopeful or | flattering. The general character of the remarks were something as follows : "The fools will never get across ; " " That captain ought to be tried for murder;" "They ought to be put in a lunatic asylum." The behavior of the fairer portion of creation was so different that the capbain makes the following entry in his harbor log : " The poor ladies, God bless them, were all praying for us." The comments of the New York press were scarcely more favorable, and in one notable instance certainly not more laudatory than those of their readers. Paragraphs appeared in most of the papers speaking anything but hopefully of the chances of success. One notice was headed, c< One more lunatic weary of breath," and closed with a suggestion that the miniature ship should be christened "The Fool's own." Undeterred by these unfavorable remarks, Captain Hudson went on with his work, dismiss ing them with one final entry : " Let them all have their own opinions; I have mme."_ When the ship was ready, he aud a party of six friends started, on the 26th June, for a trial trip down the New York Bay. The breeze was too light to test the little vessel's qualities as a sea boat, but she was found to sail well and work handily, and to that extent the trial was considered satisfactory. After some debate as to the name the ship was to receive, one correspondent suggesting Claude Melnotte, as one likely to ensure the little craft a good recep tion in England, she was finally christened The Red, White and Blue. The name, perhaps, is as cosmopolitan and well chosen as it could be. It has referrence, of course, to the colors of the na tional flag of the United States ; but, as it applies equally well to the English and French, and to half a dozen other national ensigns, each of the said nationalities may aocept it as a compliment. The date of sailing was fixed for the 9th July, and on that day Mr Fitch boarded the shin iu Whitehall slip, and at 11.30 a.m., took her down to Red Hook Point. At the same time Cap tain Hudson went to the New York custom-house, took out a register, a clearance in ballast, a crew list, a bill of health, and went through precisely the same formula as if his craft was a clipper packet. The little ship then set sail, and stood out to sea with a light breeze from south-west. At half-past seven the wind shifted to the north-west, and freshened so much that the little craft " shipped plenty of water." The crew made the unpleasant, discovery that the decks leaked badly, for there was soon four inches of water in her, and their bed and provisions were wetted. From this time com menced the ordinary routine of a ship at sea. Cap tain Hudson and his mate kept watch and watch. Of course the "watch on deck" had to steer the ship. If, therefore, it was necessary to take m Bail, the 6 4 watch below " had to be hurried out for the' purpose, and had also to perform all other ne cessary ship's duties. Their first day out com menced with a fresh N.E. wind and a heavy swell. Hudson had to turn out to shorten sail, and the ship kept very well to the wind with only the fore- topsail. During that forenoon they spoke two pilot boats, and reported how the ship worked so far. There was a "kerosene" stove on board to burn coal oil, but the ship pitched aud rolled about too much to use it. The consequence was that the two men, though nearly always wet through, were very seldom able to make tea and coffee, or warm their provisions. The first day's work, close-hauled, gave the distance run 42 miles. On the second day the winds were lighter, the weather finer, so that they were able to make coffee and bale out the ship. The distance run in the twenty-four hours was 49 miles. On the 13th they made the discovery that their ouly timepiece, a watch, had got wet in the works, and had stopped. It was found, on examination, that "she was rusty inside;" so from that time for ward their only indication as to time was sunset, sunrise, and meridian. We find recorded from day to day the expenditure of sundry cans of beef, turkey, aod mutton broth. It is satisfactory to find that the dog was not neglected. On the third day out there is an entry, " This day expended one can of beef for the dog, as she must not be forgot." It would appear that poor Fanny had become some what reconciled to her situation, aud that occasion ally she could find a dry spot, for she is "logged" on the 13th of July as follows : — " She takes it out in sleeping." Bowling along before favorable winds, the little ship made runs of 92, 124, 104 and 115 miles in the course of the twenty-four hours, and everything went on pretty favorably except that when nine days out poor Fanny is logged "sick; will not eat." The runs made were 109, 85, 89, 117, 117, 172, 51 and 129 during the remainder. of the month of' July. There are repeated entries in the log_ during the latter part of the mouth of: be ing obliged to keep the ship before the sea when large waves came, to prevent them from coming on board. ; At. three a.m. on the morning of the 30th, they paid a similar compliment to a " large whale," which came so close alongside that they . " kept away from him." Oh the 6th, the sea ran so high that the little ship took in two over the stern, or, rather, the' fragments occasioned by her sharp stern splitting them as they flew past her. About five p.m. a blind sea took her on the port quarter, and hove her pu to her starboard beam-ends. On letting go the topsail halyards she righted in about half a minute'. There is something almost comical in the entry recording this event, which says, " We have camedisail pretty hard, but never saw. lier do that before. i :The dangerous sea was the' cause'/ as we only had foresail, fore topsail, fore-topmast staysail, and jib. set."/. It' was ; not.'. long, however,- before they had a repetition.. of. the . same rather a'arming occurrence.; for,. next 5 morning, sat dialf-past; eiglit, : they shipped -a heavy' 'ska,/ Svliich 'again tiirew the ship flat on her starboard beam ends. With great difficulty they clewed Ao wnlthe- fohefand'hiain top sails, and in about ..a, minute— which we .can well coriceive, . ".looked ljke : am hour she ./slowly? ;riglfted| And after somb» considerable ftAiri|Sittiings were gofcrinto tolerable order. 'Twice again before making the/English coast was . the little, ship hove on her beam's, and after a few' anxious seconds righted again by the heave of the sea. During the' whole of the beginning of August she experienced strong westerly ..and north-westerly /winds, which enabled her to lay her pburse, but which caused her to ship so much ivate1' tbat captain, and; mate were; never dry, and suffered much from cold and ex- posure. On Sunday, .12.bh Augiistrinst. , the" mono- tany of tHeir. daily Tife'Svas somewliat relieved by a large shark coming' alongside and keeping their company. -They ;.this day got an observation of the sun, and -found they had overrun their reckoning about 60 miles in a run of 3300 from New York ; considering that they had for the most part been navigating by dead reckoning, the error was really very small. They found that Ushant bore south, distant 27 miles, and from this point they took a fresh departure and stood up the English Channel. The rest of this adventurous story is soon. told.. On. the afternoon of the 16th it .came on to blow so- hard that they gladly accepted the offer of Captain Thomas Wather, of the boat Jessie,' who took hold of the little ship and towed it into the harbor. The crowd on the peir cheered them lustily, and for the next forty- eight hours the little ship was visited by thousands, of whom some were sceptical enough to express doubts that so small a craft had ever per formed so long'! a voyage. For the first time for thirty -four days, these wet and weary men enjoyed the luxury of stretching their stiffened limbs and of sleeping in a dry bed. The only drawback to their satisfaction was that poor Fauny, not being able to hold out any longer, died at their feet in great agony, after a number of previous fits. After the steamer had anchored at Gravesend Captain "White paid them a visit, . and took them back to. dinner with him. Eventually the Red, White and Blue went up as far as Greenhithe, and was anchored astern of the coastguard ship, where she was scraped, painted, and made presentable before be ing brought up to town. This extraordinary voyage was performed in 34 days from New York to the chops of the Channel, 38 days to Margate, and 40 days 16 hours to Gravesend. Captain Hudsou and his companion may be fairly congratulated on hav ing safely accomplished so perilous an adventure. W hatever other result may have been achieved, no one will deny them what credit may attach to the demonstration of its being possible to. cross the stormiest ocean iu the world in a cockle- shell. The Red, White, aud Blue was conveyed to the Crystal Palace from Greenhithe on Saturday. Captain Julius aud Captain Hudson accompanied the little ' ship; ; which for some time to come will form one of the attractions of the Palace, . . . The Innocent Suffering fob the Guilty. —John Grady, a native of the colony, Wliowas. convicted at the last April Assizes, before Mr Justice, Cheeke,. upon a charge of robbery un der arms, and sentenced to ten years' hard labor on the roads or other public works, was last week pardoned and set at liberty. He is utterly at a loss to conjecture upon what infor mation, or at whose instigation his pardon has been granted. He has always positively asserted that lie was innocent, and upon reading over the | evidence, we must say we never saw a more flimsy case for a conviction. Though several of the witnesses saw the robbery, not one of them would swear that he saw Grady, : only that he resembled him in figure ; and one of them be lieved that he recognised hisvoicei"; It is a very hard case. He says he was miserable ruminating in his cell, about 9 o'clock at night, when the turnkey came and told . him that the gaoler wanted him. He was then taken to Mr Chip- pendall, who asked him if he would like his liberty. " My word, I would," was his reply. " Well," said the gaoler, " you may go now if you like ; I have your pardon." Having no friends, and being penniless, he said he would rather remain till the morning, which he was permitted to do. Then, he was given £2 and a suit of clothes, and left the gaol, having suffered six months' imprisonment for a crime of which he was innocent. — Bathurst Times. The magistrates presiding in the Talbot police court, on Thursday last, ruled that farmers without cutting licenses render themselves liable to a penalty of £10 by taking timber off Crown Lands, even al though they apply it to their own domestic pur poses. They stated that a miner possessed of a " right " could cut wood without a license, and that the same privilege was conferred upon the holder of a business license, and a squatter, providing he did not go beyond his "run;" but the farmer could not cut down timber belonging to the Crown, unless he either took out a license, a "right," or a " busi-. uess license." 