THEATRICAL. Tho Metropolitan Stage. Deaji Bell, — You will porhaps bo some what surprised at getting a letter from me respecting things theatrical, but tho fact is that my uncle ' Oliver' and I havo had lately Bomo serious disputations about thea trical criticisms, their uso and abuse. He, as you must be aware, ia ononf tho old school no can talK auout ' Jack iSanmstor, sir,' Mundcn, Garrick, and all those actors whose names havo been handed down to us in con nection with the history of the stacc, and who aro reforred to by critics generally, and uncle Oliver in particular, as the representa tives of tho palmy days of tho drama. It waa upon this subj cct that uncle and I came to loggerheads. Ho pins his faith impli citly to them, and religiously believes that no living actor can pourtray the samo charac ters which wero once tilled by tho illustrious UCIHU ^LllU QU UUUlllUlUUll Id J1U Ul bllCUL bUUI/ ho will poro over any quantity of dry and dusty volumes in order to find out who Garrick's great grandinother'a wa8herwoman waa, and lay ueforo the Victorian public through your columns the full particulars of her birth, parentage, and education. Now, these subjects may bo interesting to one or two old fogiea who cannot beliovo that any dramatic excellence exists at the present day, but I am heterodox enough to beliovo that tho great majority of your readers don't cara whether Nell Gwynno sold ? oranges or trotters, ao long as thoy can havo a faith ful and unprejudiced record of tho stage as it is in Victoria. Unclo Nol did not like to hear his pot weaknesses attacked in this way, so ho said, with a kind of sneer, 'If you don't like it, why not try yourself, and give ua a taste of your quality!' I Baid I would if ho would allow me, and as tho old gentleman wanted a bit of a spell (for he works very hard), ho at onco consented. So, for the present, I ahall Jbo tho ' chiol taking notes' of what transpires at tho Victorian theatres. Fortunately, to commence with, I havo not a very arduous task, as tho enter tainments served up at our houses of amuse ment aro of such a stale nnd worn-out descrip tion that littlo or nothing need bo said about them. At tho Royal, that glorious old farce, or comedy, whichever it may be,*' Tho Critic,' has boen tho principal attraction during tho week, but has failed to draw tho houses which might reasonably have been expected from the excellent manner in which it is per formed. Without comparing Mesfri Coppin and Hoskina to Farren and Charles Ma thowa in tho rospectivo characters of Sir Fretful Plagiary and Puff, I am froo to admit that both performances wero of a vory high order, and could not be excelled on tho' colonial stage. Misa Cleveland, as Tilburina, showed an intense appreciation of tho humor ous, and declaimed tho mock heroic speeches in such a manner as would havo delighted Sheridan, had his ghost been present to roport it to him ; and Mr. Stewart, in Whisker andos, did not allow an opportunity to Blip of bringing out tho burlesque colouring to tho character. A want of uniformity was observable in tho dressing of tho characters in tho opening, Puff and Sir Fretful being in tho supposed costumo of . tho period, whilst Sneer and Dangle looked something between foreign naval officers and watchmen. 'O'Fla'n nigan and tho Fairioa,' a burlesque now in a green old ago, lias been tho finalo to tho per formances tno greater part of tho week, and \T* S^-\i'nrfc. tin 'Pliolim fYT?lnnniffnn Tina mightily amused the somewhat scanty au diences. At the Haynmrkot another burlesque has held possession of tho boards, which, although callou tho romantic musical drama of ' Rob Roy,' would bo more appropriately desig nated as ' Rob Roy Travestio,' for certainly there was never a moro ludicrous porfortn anco of tho character of tho bold outlaw than that given by Mr. Womyss Jobson. I am afraid that this is only tho beginning of tho melancholy offeot of tho theatres being concentrated under one manage ment, which, I am given to understand, is at presont tho cose. I must say that I consider tho conduct of tho management of tho theatro far moro worthy of censuro than tho pseudo aotor, whoso vanity ia 'so groat that ho thinks ho can porform a part mado great by Macroady, and ono with which tho Melbourne public aro as familiar as with al most any othor play on tho stage, and in which tho talent and intelligence of most of our best actors have been displayed. If such wretched abortions of dramatic enter tainments are encouraged by the press and tho public, wo may shortly hoar of an im mense Slmkspbriau reyival at an enormous cost, aay 'Anthony and Cleopatra,' tho wholo of tho characters to be sustained by ladies and gentlemen from tho Yarra Bond, by tho kind permission of the houso surgeon. Mr. Jobson's clement ia tho Eastern Market, and let him mount the stump thero as often as he pleases ; lot him liguro in tho County Court whenever the whim seizes him, or let him combat with L. L. Smith, concerning tho prico of apothecary's poetry, but Heavon pro tect uh from tho iuiliction of his presenco upon tho stage. Turn wo now to a fow doors higher up tho street and havo half-an-hour witu Mr. aud Mrs. Cose, who have by their unaidod talouts succeeded in attracting the public tea con siderable extent. There is always something pleaaurablo about their entertainment, nnd if Mrs. Case'a 'imitation' of Sima Reeves' singing ia as unlike as it ia possible to con ceivo, thero ia always plenty of amusement to bo found in her impersonation of charac tera which sho really understands, and also in the musical talents of her husband, to amply repay a visit to tho Polytechnic. At tho Princess's tho samo old round of Bablo minstrelsy is repeated, and tho exaggerated humour of Harry Leslie i3 aa keenly onjoyed as over. In addition to the ordinary programme, the Protpan .Cabinot has been introduced, and has had tho effect of Bending tho audiencea- homo with the vague idea of supernatural agency having been, called into requisition. For my own part, I have not yet been ablo to get over my astonishment sufficiently to doscribo it, and must thereforo see it ouco or twico again before recording its wonders. Your roaders might do far worse than going to seo this extraordinary optical illusion. Tho Prin cess'a, liko the other theatres, has not boen suffering from a plethora in tho treasury, which may bo partly accounted for by tho shock tho playing public ars auiiering .from tho overwhelming calamity which haa deprived ua of the long and ardently desired pleasure of again witnessing the masterly impersonations of our well ueloved G. V. Brooke This melancholy event has, no doubt, cast a gloom over tho theatrical world, nnd to it may bo attributed, to a great extent, the want _ of patronage which has been apparent during the week. But with roforenco to tho Prin cess's another cause may havo something to do with it, viz., tho prices which are charged for this entertainment When it is con sidered that wo only pay tho samo monoy to acotho ' Huguenots'or the ' Prophote,' or any of tho grand operas with which Mr. Lyster has delighted us, the production aud proper representation of which involves nn enormous outlay, I think it is ' an ambi tion which o'crleaps itself for a party of singers, some half-dozen in number, to lovy tho samo tax on tho public, as they cheer fully pay to witness a far higher aud more expensive entertainment I firmly beliovo that wero tiro ' Christya' to reduce their charge for admission to something approach ing tho cost and quality of their per formances, they would do far better in n pecuniary point of- view than thoy have done lately. I cannot conclude without expressing a fervent hopo that tho people of Melbourne will not disregard tho appeal now mado to tluan of contributing handsomely to some lasting memorial of . him who has doparted from us. No word of mine can Add to tho heart-felt tribute wo all pay to his genius, audi feel assured that the thousands who havo participated in tho intellectual feasts he has favoured us with, will make a sturdy effort to perpetuate tho memory of tho greatest actor who over visited Australia, who died calmly amidst appalling horrors, aud whoso last words were n sad and kind farewell to his friends in Melbourne. ; CHARLES SURFACE. 