REVIEW. " My Life and Recollections." By the Hon. Grantley F. Berkeley. Vols. III. and IV. London : Hurst and Blackett. Lv our notice of the former volumes of this work we indicated with sufficient clearness our opinion of its moral character and tendencies. We see nothing in the present volumes to induce us to alter the estimate we then formed of it. That the work will he extensively read we have little doubt, and this is apparently all that the author cares for. When a man of rank who has ugly stones to tell of his own family, of his friends and acquaintances, proposes to tell them, and when it is known that his narrative will not be restrained by any consideration arising from delicacy or timidity, he will be sure to have large audience, nor will the eagerness of the attention with which he will he listened to he abated by the reflection that the story-teller speaks from his own personal knowledge, or that he was principal actor in most of the scenes he describes. We cannot tell what the feelings of the high aristocracy may he in regard to the exposure made in such works as this of their private lives and favorite amusements, but we are quite certain that nothing of direct advocacy could be so I powerfully promotive of the principles of democracy. These concluding volumes contain much more disquisition on general questions, and less personal matter than the former two, but there is still abundance | of what may be called characteristic personality, not to say scandal, to render them piquant reading to a certain class of people who are to be found in every social grade. The anecdotes take a very wide range. We meet over again many of the dandies and beaux with whom Captain Gronow and Lord William Lennox have made us acquainted, but they pair off with others who are very remote from them both in time and space. Thus we have Field-Marshal Blucher and the Emperors Alexander and Nicholas, with Mademoiselle Krudener, filling up an equal space with Buck Whalley, the Chevalier D'Eon, and Brooks, the resurrection ist. Sir George Dashwood leads on' Mr. Alderman Mechi, and Lord Brougham clears the way for brother Ignatius. When the reader gets tired of Kangaroo Cook, Ball Hughes, Beau Brummel, and their chief the Regent, he is allowed for variety To peep at the orgies of the Duke of Richmond at Dublin Castle, or at the still more horrible amusements of John Wilkes and his companions at Medmenham Abbey. As a record of the manners and morals of the classes which claimed as a hereditary right the government of Great Britain at the close of the last century and the beginning of the present, the book will here- after be regarded as one of the most astounding that ever issued from the press. Future generations will inquire with ceaseless wonder how it happened at a period when the great mass of Englishmen were rapidly advancing in intelligence, that they submitted to be ruled by persons whose lives were spent in the gratification of their own passions and lusts and whose intense selfishness could spare no thought, much less any sympathy, for the multitudes who labored for their gratification. There is one characteristic in these volumes which was not quite so obvious in the former ; we will not call it the malignant feeling, but the absence of all feeling with which the Hon. Grantley F. Berkeley rakes up from the grave the errors and defects of his former acquaintances, and evokes the ghosts of dead scandals. The poor Countess of Blessington is gibbeted throughout a long chapter, and, not content with dragging her frailties from their dread abode, the author, like a sportsman, as he is, harks back upon her ancestry and kindred, and tells us which of them was hanged, and which of them deserved to be hanged. In like manner the alleged faux pas of the unhappy L.E.E. are insisted on as absolutely proved facts, in order to justify the author's championship of her character against Dr. Maginn and Mr. S. C. Hall is furiously attacked for presuming to doubt the allegations, although he speaks from his personal knowledge of the affair, acquired through a long and intimate acquaintance with the victim. Well might the wretched lady cry out, were it possible, from her lonely African grave, " Save me, if not from my friends, at least from my champion." Mr. Grantley F. Berkeley knew a good deal of Byron and his en- courage. He discovers in the noble poet s youthful aspirations a strong analogy with his own, and remarks upon the curious coincidence that Byron and he put an end to two kinds of literary annoyances ; the one, by his " English Bards and Scotch Reviewers," having annihilated the whole brood of waspish critics ; the other, by thrashing the life almost out of Fraser, the publisher, having extermin- ated the race of libellers and satirists. This affords the author another opportunity of discussing the Fraser-Maginn affair, and of proving after the manner of Lord Peter in the " Tale of a Tub," how chivalrous and proper was his own part in the proceedings. A man of ability like the author, although laboring under the disadvantages of a defective education, cannot fail to write well occasionally, and even in these volumes we find several chapters, on which we can dwell with pleasure. When his love of nature in its unsophisticated aspects is the inspire spiration of his pen he displays a geniality and tenderness of feeling and a range of thought which indicate what he might have been had the circumstances of his birth and training been different. We can discern the aspirations of a better nature in the chapters on the forests and their denizens, in his intercourse with his dogs and horses, in his agricultural and pastoral disquisitions, and indeed in everything that takes him out of the false, fictitious atmosphere of certain fashionable circles meanwhile that he revels, and over the sayings and doings, the eating and drinking, the sports and vices of their members that he loves to linger. He has no doubt judged correctly of the kind of matter which is devoured with greatest avidity by a large portion of the reading public, and he comforts himself under the stings of adverse criticism with the reflec- tion that his books are rapidly bought up and paid for. With his private satisfaction we have nothing to do, but with the real character of the book we are concerned, and we must not be defined by any consideration from making known that character to our readers. What strikes us as the worst trait in this publication is its utter want of reserve. There are some things which by the tacit consent of man- kind are tabooed from literature as well as from conversation. The author cares nothing for such tacit consent ; he drags forward his own most private concerns for the entertainment of his readers. He holds up the name and memory of those who ought to have been most dear to him, to the opprobrium of mankind. He pursues his elder brothers with a bitterness which, even if ever so well founded, has a most malignant and unnatural aspect. He calls in the public as arbiter in his domestic disputes, and he does all this with an air of high virtue and of injured innocence which is perfectly astonishing. Surely he has not reflected upon the proverb about washing linen at home, or, if he have, he must imagine that his case is unique and unexampled, that his reputation is national property, and that all mankind are or ought to be concerned in its vindication. If this be the case, he solicits the judgment of men after a peculiar fashion. He speaks with infinite contempt of the " clods" and simple workers of the hive, sneers at the presumption of mere drapers who show any ambition to take part in the management of public affairs, and in a general way scoffs at and anathematising all parties, high and low, who dream of infringing the hereditary rights of the few who use old names and titles to promote their own wretched ends at the expense of the many. Among the chapters which will be pursued with interest by the pure-minded sort of readers, are those already alluded to on natural objects, and one in which the story of Lord Byron and Mary Chesworth is narrated. The author's sympathies, as a matter of course, go all with Lord Byron, but he sees much to admire in the character of Jack Musters, his successful rival, although he (Jack was a thorough libertine and fast man in his day. In the subsequent story of Byron's marriage, and its unhappy consequences, Mr. Grantley F. Berkeley decides everything against the lady, but at the same time re- counts incidents in the career of the noble lord which no woman of any class who preserved a tittle of self-respect could tolerate. The stories about the Regent and his followers and friends are most of them old acquaintances, so are those concerning Queen Caroline and her set. The most original anecdotes, if there can be comparison in that which should he absolute, are some relating to a couple of rather scaly clergymen of the old hunting, drinking, and swearing school, a race now, happily for the credit of public decency, extinct. On one point Mr. Grantley F. Berkeley seems to be particularly sore, and that is on Mr. Sothern's personation of Lord Dundreary. This noted stage character he proclaims, as if he were the first to make the announcement, to be the invention originally of Mr. Tom Taylor; but he asseverated with reiterated emphasis that it is not a fair representation of the English aristocracy, who are more truly represented in his own hook. We can only say, then, would that Mr. Sothern's representa- tion were the true one; the country and the aristocracy would gain infinitely by the change. There are two things in the present volumes that take us by surprise : we were not previously aware that the author was so devoted an admirer of the Emperor Napoleon III., or such a devoted champion of Protestantism. We have now had sufficient recollections and drafts upon memory, and gentlemen who write with ease about the friends whose salt they have eaten will do well to remember that even the most piquant condiment will produce disgust, if supplied too abundantly Daily News. THE greatest grain port in the world is Chicago. t AN IMMENSE SPEECH The following "im mens" speech of a "feller," at a debating club inNewJorsoy,comotouswollvouchedfor¡-"The subject to be 'scussed is Whether ardent sport does any good or not I confirm that it don't [A long pause]. Just think of our ancestors in future days they lived to a numerous and antiquarian ago-so I don't think whisky or spirits does any good or not- that I conclude it don't [Another pause]. I don't think I don't I can't don't git hold on the darned thing." Evidently the " darned thing" had " hold on" him we mean the demijohn of alcohol, which was being so powerfully "'scussed." THE Doo- THAT HAD NO FBIENES.-WO were recently travelling through Canada, and, after a hard day's ride, stopped at the Lion Inn, and the occupants of the coach, numbering about nine persons, soon gathered round the cheerful fire. In the room we observed on all looking our, which had shown his sagacity by taking up his quarters in BO comfortable an apartment. After a few moments the landlord entered, and, observing the specimen of the canine species, remarked, "Fine dog, that! Is he yours, sir ?" approaching one of the passengers. " No, sir," was the reply. " Beautiful dog ! Yours, sir ?" he said, addressing himself to another. "No," was the blunt reply. " Come here, pup," said he. " Perhaps he u yours, sir?" "No," was the reply. "Very sagacious animal ! Belongs to you, I suppose, sir?"-"No he doesn't," was the answer. " Then he is yours, and you have a treasure, said he, throwing the animal a cracker. " Nothing of the kind." "Oh," said he, with a smile, he belongs to you as a matter of course?" addressing the last passenger. "Wouldn't have him at a gift,'' said the last person. " Then you dirty, mean, contemptible whelp git out!" and with that the host gave the poor dog such a kick as sent him yelling into the street. A WBINKLE ron THE AUSTRALIAN Ctorit COMPANY.-" When I lived at Marine, ' sam Uncle Ezra, " I helped to break up a new piece of ground. We got the wood off in the winter, and early in the spring we begun ploughing on t. It was so consumed rocky that we had to get 40 yoke of oxen to one plough-we did-and Isola that plough more'n a week. I thought I should die. It almost killed me, I vow. Wry, one day I was holding, and the plough hit a stump which measured just nine feet and a half through it-hard and sound white oak. The plough split it, and I was going straight through the stump, when I happened to think it nugT snap together again, so I threw my feet out, and I had no sooner done this than it snapped together, chunk taking a smart hold of the seat of my pantaloons. Of course I was right, but I hold on to the plough handles, and though the teamsters did all they could, that team of eighty oxen could not tear my pants, nor cause me to let go my grip ! At last though, after letting the cattle breathe, they gave another strong pun altogether; and the old stump came out about the quickest ye ever seed. It had monstrous long roots, too, let me tell you. My wife made the cloth for them pants, and I haven t worn any other kind sincere The only reply made to this was, " I should have thought it would have come rather hard upon your Buspcnderi. " Powerful hard ; that's a fact !" 