j MISCELLANEOUS.* CONSECRATION or COLONIAL BISHOPS.-Yesterday morning there waa a largo attendance of representa' tives of most of tlie leading families of ? Kost Kent ia the Cathedral Church of Canterbury to nitneu tho consecration of three colonial bishops- 'i'he lier. An-, drew Burn Suter, M.A., of Trinity College, Cambridge, incumbent af All Saints Church, Spicer-atrect, Mile end, appointed Bishop of Nelson, Now Z.aloud, in tho room of Dr. Hobhouse, resigned; the Rev. Henry Laseelles Jenner, ¡LL.13., of Trinity Hall, Cambridge,, vicar of Preston with Wingham, Kent, appointed to the newly founded bishopric of Dunedin, New Zealand ; and the Rev. Samuel Robinson Wnddelow, M.A., of St. Peter's College Cambridge, enrata of Bournemouth, appointed to tho new bisliepria of Grafton and Armidale, New South Wales. Morn- ing prayers were said in the cathedral at 8 o'clock. Longburat'i chant, "Te Deum," was performed, bot there was no anthem. The coriseo-ation was comraenotd with the preface to Ibo Holy OommuMon, the sermon boing preached by the Very Rev. Henry Alford; D.D.,. Dean of Canterbury, who selected for bis text the Slit chapter of St. Loke'a Gospel, verse 36, "Watch ye,., therefore, and pray always, that ye may ba accounted j worthy to escape all those things that shall come to pass, and to stand b:fore the Son of Man." He re- marked that as in erodion on the approach of the storm the minor details of tbe prospect «ere ob- literated, and only the outlines of the everlasting hills weio seen, so in a day of tronblo and reproaoh and blasphemy, While details were ia vol ted in dispute and uncertainty, great vanities and primary duties wore more easily discernible. Taking tbe commands of the text in detail, he pressed them upon Ibe peisons about to be consecrated, ai about being engaged in the lame great work to which those to whom they were addressed, were devoted. He pu tubularly urged "upon them th« duty ef personal oacefalness ai leaders of the church, and of anxioty for those who would be committed to their spiritual charge. The Archbishop of Canterbury, havlog taken his seat in front of the altar, the throe bishops nominated were presented to him by the Bishop cf London in his charaoter of Provínolo! Dean of Oin terbnry, with theso words, Ac, for each : " Most Reverend Pother in God, we present onto yon this godly and well-learnrd man to be ordained and conc:crat«d bishop." The ehorsa of Mendelssohn from St. Paul, ' How lovely are the Messengers," was snag by the choir. Meanwhile the bishops-designate had retired, and on their return, vested io their rooheU, tb« usual addresses were delivered, and then, having assumed tba fuU>ep:scopal habit, they were formally consecrated by the Imposition of bands. The hymn, " Com», Holy Ghost,'' was then sung to Tallia's music, «nd the service conolnded with the administration of toe holy oommnnion. After the cathedral service, which was fully rendered under the direction of the Rev. Robert Hake, U.A., the pre"3ntor, the arohbiahop Srcceeded to lay the corner atone of the Church of St. iary Breden, which is to ba' rebuilt.-Daily News, Augast SS. SOOT isn AUSTRALIAN ' IHVBSTMEST OOMPAITT (LIMITED)-The half-yearly general meeting of th« shareholders in this company was held yesterday at tba London Tavern ; Mr. 0. Whotbam In tbe chair. The report was taken as read. The ohoirman explained that the accounts were made oat ap to tho end of last year in Australia, and to the 30th of June, in the pre- . sent year, in London. He congratulated tba thara holders apon the gratify lng prc-reea made br the com- pany since tbe last meeting. The manager ia Australia had had no difficulty in favourably investing all tbe fonda at bis disposal ; bat no sales of laud or other real estate had been effected during the half- year. The gross profits realised in the colony daring that period had amounted to £23,958, from which £10,0 had been placed to the suspense acoonnt, leaving* total profit, inclQdine; £933 recrived in London fir Interest, commission, &0., of £23,892. The colonial' profita were entirely derived from rents, interest, and. com- mission. - Satisfactory repottshad been received iron» the sheep and cattle rans. Last December there were 30,000 abeep and 15,500 oattle. Up to the present, date, £121,527 of preference stock had been ¡saned, la reply to questions, the ohairmin added that he wné so much ic favour of a large reserve fund, that he should prefer a dividend of S per cent, with a bonna, in order to place additional funds in reserve. The report was unanimously ndoptod, and according to ita recommendation, a divi- dend of 10 per cent, was declared. A vote of thanks was pasied to Mr. H. A. A. Morehead, the manager,, and Mr. M. Yonng, the sab-manager in Australia, for their effioiont control of the company's affairs. On the . proposition of Mr. Ward, leoonded by Mr. Roberts, s> gratuity of £500 was voted to Mr. Yonng, wbo wan present. In replying to this substantial compliment. Mr. Young said if the new system of éxtrao lng the essence of beef answered, tho company's cattle rims in Australia would provo more valuable to thom than a gold mine. The meeting . concluded with the usual vote of thanks to the chairman and directors.-Daily News, Joly 28th. A DBAMATIC HIHT, MBOU NEBDEO.-Theatrical " ?tari,'' of inferior or mediocre ability, might well take a hint from the subjoined anecdote of the famous.actor Dowton, which obtains pnblioity, ia the English papers by th* last mail : -Tho following ohaiaoterutio letter from Dowton to Elliston, protesting against the insertion of hil name in large type in toe playbills,, has been recently publiihed:-"My dear Elliston,-I am sorry yon have done this. You know well what I mean-thia cawed quaokery-these big let- ters ! I eannot endure that my name should bo so particularised ; there is a wast of respectability about it, or, rather, a notoriety which gives one the feeling of some absconded foloa against whom a bue and. cry is made public. Or, if there be really any advantage in it, why should I, orsny single individual, take it over the rest of our bretbiea But ithai a nasty disreputable look, and 1 havo fancied tho whole day the finger of the town pointed at me, us much as to say, ' 1'bat ia be, now for the reward !' Leave tbii expedient to tbe polioe officer, orto those who may have a taite, for it, I have done.-Yonrs, my dear Elliston. W. DOWTON." TUB PUBLIC IKCOME AND ExrEKoiTuait.-An account of the gross public Income of the United King- dom for the yea - ending 30th Jane last wai published oa Saturday. Tko total ordinary expenditure was £ 6,767,165 18n 3d., whioh was raised by fortiBoatlon exponses (£600,000) to £67,367,1 C5 18s. 31. Toe total inoome of the year was £C7 726,436 I'B. Td. ; the excesi of Income ever total expenditure being £¡¡59,107 ir. iii. Th« balance« in the exohequer amounted to £4,471,670 14s 7d. No balacee remained of tho money raised for fortification!.-Daily News, On the 20th of Anguit 'Sidler'a Wells reich the hundredth year of its theatrical existonce. Mr. Arnold Cave, the present lessee, commemorated the event by producing Grimaldi's pantomime of " Mother Goose." Tbe old clown, Tom Matthew, superintended t;e per- formance. It IB announced that the Prince Riyal of Prussia far abont to visit Hanover; and Hesse aa Viceroy to preside over the orgaaisation of tho Praasian administration ia those countries. TUB CAMP or CHALONS.-Marshal Ragnault do Saint Jean-d'Angely has issued an order of the day containing a passage frost a letter sent by the Emperor to - say he could not leave Paris. Tbe communication in question runs thus:-"My dear Marsha),-I bad anti cleated quit« as a ftto to find myself again this year in the midst of my Guard, and to be able to judge for myself of tl.o solidity and patriotism of that eeleot force. Unhappily, I cannot go to tho Camp of Ohalotif. Expresa my regrets to the troops under your oiderí. Al hough lam absent, my thoughts are always with them, aud I send yon tho Hst of roo impenses which, you will dii'.ribnte to them in my name." A slab to the memory of the late Lord Palmerston haa j nat been placed in the " Statesmen's oorner" of Westminster Abbey, directly over the grave. ' It is of beautifully po ¡abed granite, matly and effectively ornamented rouad the birder* with flower-work. It is about eight felt long by three wide; and in tho «entre a large cross ha* been out into tbe slab. The only Inscription on it, whioh is recorded on the left border ol the memorial, ii "Henry John, Viscount Palmerston, . October 18,186Í." PntVATKBn AFLOAT.--A gentleman who has arrived in Montevedio writes from there from under dato of June l4tb, as follows :-On the 23rd of April, when in longitudo fifty-ono degrees weat, latitude thirty-sit de- gree! north, we were ohased by a large screw ituamor of about 150. tons, barqae riggrd. She had one lar,¡e pivot gun between the foremast and a smoke-pipe. She nod a numerous crow aboard, ai many beads were dis- tinctly visible abive tho deck. Sha was a vary fast vessel ander «team. We were going at the rate of ten knots an hour, and she ran op to us In less than tn o bonn. I believed then that ihe wai a Chilian priva- teer. When first Bighted abo wai steering south-ea*t under full «team, whioh ibe oontinuol to do nutll with- in a mlle of us. She thon hauled to east, and at snt do vn was steering north-east under sail only. Sbo wu» out of the traok of any roorohant iteamahip«, and in that of veiseli bound to the Weat Indies from Kiigiumt,... -Ne» York llorald. 