Musical and Dramatic<jtossip. AT Her Majesty's IheatreGxiei reappeared for one eight to a magnificent house, but the result was such as to lead her, vfisely 99 every body thought, to withdraw finally into private life. ' / . M. Goukod haijust been elected a member of the JTrencli Academy of Fine Arts, in place of the late M. Olipisaon. The other candi dates wen Mi Feljeien, David and Viotor Mawo, the former of whom obtained sixteen votes and the Salter tfaly one, whilst M.'Gou nod obtained nineteen. The musical section of. the. Academy now oonsifts of MM. Auber, Carafa, AmbroUev Thomas, Eeber, Gounod, and Berlioz. M. G«unod was -born in 1818, and was a pupil-of Lesueur and Hal?vy. He remained in Italy until 1843, and he. only commenced writing for the stage in 1860. AT Vienna, notwithstanding the rumours of "war witfo Italy, the Italian singers are as popular as ever. In Leipsic, on the contrary, there has been a disturbance, and the police have interfered to protect the Italians -from inetlts in the streets. JOACHIM, the. gnat violinist/has settled in Hanover permanently, and, thanks to royal intervention, has decided on accepting no jnore foreign engagements, however seductive they may prove. , . ^ . v!'.. AT . Her Jfojesty's Theatre . '* Jjphigenia in Tauris" has been a completed siwoesfc ffith Mdlle. litiens ajsilpbigenia, <apdj£easr^ Sant ley^ Ghttdonj, tod G|i»Biert as flrest&sjP;^lafles, . At :th'js Ijyoeiwi vltr. iTdjhtei*' tmS* ^vi«id ' rt^Oo«ican Brothers," aadr the-ghost-ofr thN>ugh « trt«i»pa»biifc 1 cohimnm^bBhaUoflheCJowicancastie.' ported*^ The Annual exports ofFrench pianos to Laadpri iniTthe ibolbhiei tareteqaa-l to one third the stock made. ME. EDMUND FALCONER, the well-known dramatist, w ho has beeii in confinement as a bankrupt, recently applied tothe commissioner to be.relieved from custody, but his honour refused the application until a choice of assignees should be made; and Mr. Falconer wan accordingly sent back to'pmon. It would appear that Draiy Lane is not let, and Mr. Falctmer intends to be an applicant: hebce his desire -to be relieved. AT New York there ore seventy makers of pianofortes, producing 250 to 300 every week. Accordingto American statistics, manufacturers in the United Staffs construct 40,000 pianos annually. The felt that is used to cover the hammers c6mes from France, ancl costs in New York £11 the square yard. The American Art Journal offers prizes, limited to subscribers to the paper, for the best Te JDeum and Jubilate, thp beufc "simple song," the best " dramatic ;song," the begt {)iano piece, fastasia or reverie, .the two best yric poems, one sjrnple narrative, one drama tic, heroic, or incidental. The prizes range from 100 to 150 dollars. A POSTHUMOUS .play of the late Sheridan Kiiowles, with the title of " Alexina; or, True unto Death,'' has been produced at the Strand Theatre, London. It was written, says the Daily News, originally, at the request of Messrs. Cramer and Co., and was intended for a ballad opera. Mr. Benedict was to have composed./the music, but when he read the dialogue, which was in blank Terse, he de spaired of finding singers capable of delivering it, and the little piece was laid aside and for- . gotten. These facts, ana the circumstance that the ballad opera has not only been transformed ; into a drama, but has been compressed into two acts, must in fairness be borne in mind in treating " Alexina" as the production of ths author of " Virginia" and the " Love Chace." How it would have prospered with those musical aids which have ere now reconciled us to so many absurdities on the stage we cannot say;. but, as it stands, " Alexina" produces the effect of a poor Coburg melodrama, with a remarkably incoherent plot. When we dis cover in the first act that we have to do with a villanous Russian innkeeper and his wife, who murder gueste, and 0 pretty attendant who Baves the life of one Count Ivan, an intended victim, those among the audience who are not wholly destitute of memory do indeed feel themselves upon firm ground. It is in the after adventures that the most attentive listener must find himself in perplexity. Why is it that the pretty attendant of the inn, per formed by Miss Ada Swanborough, is com pelled, long after the terrible night when she saved Count Ivan's life, to wander about dis guised as a youth, and finally to lie on Count Ivan's couch, and quietly wait to be murdered in hie stead, till, in her turn, saved by the Count, we frankly confess, after seeing the play, 1 that we have no idea. 