WILL FIELD BPORTOBTOTÏÏI "By" Ti" the Au*lr",~<»~.> '. KATINKA, patrol (Kitty, be "outside" Africa the Blue" year, and tell Ivan to bring the pip- The samovar alias ten-vim, speedily appeared in the strong hands of the red-faced Katinka, flushed with its invariable accompaniment of a decanter of rum brandy, but to judge from the perpetual squalling, Ivan must have had a job with the pig. At last he was fairly caught, bound, and chucked like an uncomfortable bundle into the end of the sledge, and we took our beats, four of us, cased in furs, double and triple. The glass was of 20- Hoauinur, ie. 1H-belnw/ero, and the furs were not a bit too many. A black Tartar ? cap with eyelet holes, and lUps coming well down over the nose, guarded that persons portion of the face, always the first for the frost M fasten on, and our thick martin (skin gloves held a geo J double barrel each. One cut of his long whip from the boarded old moujik who drove the three shaggy Ukraine continues, and " into the darkness we galloped again. It was not quite dark, though the sun down in the Ukraine in January son at five, out what Virgil calls sub buttons. A faint new moon painfully struggled at intervals to show herself, and then was lost among the driving Trick of storm clouds. The wind moaned fitfully across the tongue of spectral snow plain between us and the forest, and at every fresh gust our host, Count I.., fidgeted and looked upward, speculating, no doubt, on the chances of his sheep that were out on the Tests. It was a dreary scene, but in a sledge, going over hard frozen snow, behind a team of thoroughbreds, it is impossible to feel dreary. The feeling is one of delicious excitement. Sledging in this fashion is rather flying than driving, and sends the blood coursing through the veins quicker than champagne. Ten minutes of this galloping took us across the two miles and a half of plain, the outskirts of the forest, when -we dropped at once into a steady walk. The general idea of a Russian forest, of an endless succession that is of hundreds of miles of dark pines and firs, is true enough in the main, but varies very much in port. Down in the south there is an immense quantity of beech, from which the Duke vina derives its name. In the provinces along the "Volga, towards Kasan, the oak is the predominant tree, and the oak forests in two of these alone contain more timber than those of nil England put together. Here, on the edge of the great southern steppe, we had a little of everything. The white smooth rind of the beech shone beside the gnarled boughs of the oak, the birch waved its graceful drapery in the little bits of glade and sward, the firs and pines towered like sentinels over all, but the larch was predominant, and its dark leaves pendent with snow seemed to throw a pall over the whole. The further we went the darker it grew. All at once we stopped. " Let go the pig," said the Count, " and then as fast as you like." The prisoner was accordingly loosened from his fetters, a collar put firmly round his neck, a cord passed through it to the end of the sledge, master piggy tossed to earth, and away we went. The mystery was now evident. The equalling of to- morrow's park against the butcher's blue apron was nothing to the squalls of the little "beast as it was dragged, much resisting, along the snow. Soon another sound came upon the distance, a sound I knew too well from former times, but had not heard for long, a dull, melancholy sound, once heard never to be forgotten, something perhaps like the howl of a dog, but of a dog when suddenly struck with a whip, prolonged indefinitely on the same key. "Vlk" (wolf), said the Count. 41 Volk," after a minute, said the two, and wolves in the plural there certainly were, to judge from the responsive bowls which at once, as if by concert, broke out everywhere from the darkness before, behind, on the right and the left. " Magnifique ! " said the Count ; " Splendid ! We shall have famous sport. If there is one, there are fifty of the rascals." The howling visibly drew nearer I was at the end of the off side, and distinctly heard the branches rustle. In a little they parted, and two fiery lights gleamed through them, disappeared, and reappeared much nearer. 'They were now not twenty yards off. "Vlk!" I shouted, and tired. A fierce yelp a sudden plunge among the boughs the shot had told, and all was silent. The cries from the distance censed simultaneously. "Proc Holten!" (by Heavens!) groaned our two Muscovites on the other side. " Sacro mills tanneries," growled the Count, who never spoke Russian when he could help it, " what made you do that: No sport for us to-night. Home, Ivan." The sledge was turned back, and back we went, each one more sulky than another. I had evidently unwittingly committed some desperate mistake, but no one spoke, and to bed we went. That night I was awfully startled. I do not believe in ghosts, but if ever I heard a ghost it must have been when o preternatural creature floated past my casement. It was more like the, cry of the Irish banshee than any I could fancy, something sweet and yet piercing, borne by apparently with under scribble velocity, and almost the same instant Singing past the window, and then dying away in the distance. The next morning all outside was lost to view in a cloud of whirling snow. The breakfast was dreary enough. The house audibly shock to the blast, and the sheep were all out on the steppe. "I heard the wild cry last night," at first said one, a fat Odessa merchant who had come over to buy horses. "too, heard a most extraordinary cry," Isoid, "Something like a woman weeping." That was the wild cry," said the Count; "it often comes before the storm, sometimes before the Mametz, always before the voyage. Pray Heaven this be at worst a sample, and not a voyage. One may live through a safety, but a Kayuga would blow this house and the very earth before it. "Still, terrible is the summons," said Captain E., in short, keen-eyed Livoninn, who till then had been imperturbably listen- ing and smoking ; yes, terrible is the sainjotz." " I was sent by the Prince with despatches the day after your Hank inarch," turning to me, " which you thought so clever, when, it' you had gone straight on, you might have taken city and all, and at the second station beyond Perekop the horses were not there. " Go not on, Gospodin officer," said the postmaster; '' go not on a summer is coming." " Samjetz or not on I go," said I, "and if the horses are not at once forthcoming, on thy head be it. But a league or more on it misdoubted me the schel (scamp) spoke true. Now came the snow as one white wall, and the wind roared out of it worse than your guns at the Alma ! " And then he stopped. " What did you do?" I asked. " I did nothing, and know nothing, and felt nothing. The day after I was missing, and they came to look for me. I was found still breathing in a ditch under the snow, but the drovers had been blown on the tschvotchink (driver), and broke his neck." " Ves, terrible is the safety," said the Count; but even a common wind out on these snow laden steppes is bad enough. I have, luckily, only two thousand sheep out to-day, but last your hand thirteen thousand, and nine thousand perished. Then, to be sure, I had too few goods." " Of what use are the goats ? " The goats, were cher, are of use, because they fear not the storm. The sheep fear it, and run madly before it yes, fun till they die, or go over the cliffs. I have known them run three days but goats will turn and face the storm, and the sheep stand still in line behind them. I have now what I should have had three, one goat to a hundred, and I hope the best, for this is after all, but a common gale." As he spoke, the wind visibly lulled, and soon a sunbeam shone into the room. Hotter still, at noon the kaboutshik (she plied) appeared, and reported all safe but fifty. "1 Imy laid gut be time into a ravine, and were but literally covered. All now was serene, and we Jmil a (capital (dinner, table in the Parisian style, with a low truly national dishes, such as raw fined satellites plain, and with berries, good but FRUIT liinlflcMM, some capital champagne, and Zelma Mmvo music, When the cigars were lit. I WITTMER In the writ any blunder had been last night. ') light Wim tim M'Michael wolf you hit," said the Count. " trail my last I was not to have told you." When Dm wolves 0,0 is parted, UMIHMM very hungry, at which time they will most anything, they always stand out a /iiii'Miii/iw to be nil In rails, The pig was sure to show AMERY, for there J Collins a roll so much Loved in life, ttKvvpHunn, when once he had wanted! human friend, Your wolf WAH woiiiitiMi, but not killed, and would not. fine tell him man's, MoMlllkuly, and he was swimming, army would fit him up, a remembers a drum) nil him he had, One Oh' my little Wind sleeping in a hut, and the door and no ItiKih. just in the middle of Um night he woke up, and hitting minimising' yelling and nothing about in the Miss a (lie He was just out, but Huiro WUK »iiofinllujil, smilingly for him tones It wish wolf, which drenched by him (through the doorway, and save a great, how), he had I If there was any there were a gun- di as wolves lhftt«n«W(»roil out of the woods, and them Ohmn tim much of' their foot. Hnmll time took Jiuilto to Im in firming the curfews i and centred WUK ho up when the line Wim full of wolves, howling like devils, and finding it but he sat until) und mocked them. Then they fell on the continual wolf, and tore him to jump and it palm, must trotted! quietly back." You itMiiiml Am," I said, " if " story of poor follow told on board the Menmuir from Belgrade to Green. He had Asia one of' a ho hunt In- guards, and Um captain and fVvw him in Imnrri from future ty, for his win in __-pi^îïiîg^ioBt both his feet. He had been on -Ï-*Î£YW the evening in a glen down in the Bukovina, and was resting on his gun, when a wolf came close to him, and howled and ran back. Then came the howls of the rest, and his threw down his gun and ran. The scores trees were above a quarter of a mile off, and the snow was deep and loose. He had just time to swing himself into the lowest branch when the wolves were up. All night they besieged him, and all night he eat freezing. They went with the sun, but when the relief come both his feet were frozen, and had to be amputated." " He might count himself lucky that it was only his feet," said the Livonian, " for in my country, near the time, last year, they are up eight dragoons, horses and all Nothing was left but the guns." " Woree was it in '54, said the Count, and it befel a dear friend of mine, Baron B. He started to shoot like we last evening, and there were five with him. It was in the great Volkaskoi forest. The cold was dreadful, long had it lasted, and the wolves were mad. They poured on in hundreds, and were shot in scores, but on came more and more, that all the shot was spent, and my friend and his friends were devoured, one and all. Woe is me ? And Mr. X. near here, would have been served the same, but for the nobleness of his neck, who, though you English would not believe it, loved his master, as he proved too well. He was driving him and his mistress, and the four children and the French bourne, late at night, when the wolves attacked them. Mr. X. had two double-barrelled guns and a pistol, and he shot down nine, one after another, as they tried to fasten on the horses. This gave time, as the pack stopped to eat them up. There were four horses to the sledge, and they galloped centre a terre; but the wolves galloped faster, and your wolf never tires. The house was but two miles ahead, and ten minutes would do it. Now Janko cut the traces of the two tenders, ord left them to the pack, and well fought the horses, but they were one up at once. The house was now in sight. Then Janko put the reins in his master's hand, and seized his axe, and threw himself among the wolves, who tore him to bits, but Mr. X. and his got Bafc. Evil beasts are these wolves, and much is the evil they have done, as listen." He walked to his bureau, and took down an official looking back. List of damage done by wolves in the year 1858. Province of Pultowa. Killed : Men and women 19, sheep 15,182, oxen and cows 1807, horses 1811, lambs, 370, B wine 4190, dogs 703, geese and fowls 1873.' Well, enough of these wolves. To-morrow I will show you how to shoot a teams (cock of the woods), and how we make our bears dance, so we may as well go and sleep at once, for it is early hours with all who would shoot the teams." . "Now you must remember," said the Count, as we strode out through the darkness, for it wanted yet two hours to sunrise, " to do as I do, and not like when you Bred at the wolf, or there will be again no sport. Whin die bird sings you are to move, when he stops singing stand still and be silent, and when he sings again move on. We are now among the firs, and the dawn is coming. We shall soon see our friend." The next moment there was an extraordinary sound. It was not a song or a cry, but something between the two, half sharp and half muffled, between the sound of a drum and a whistle. "There is our friend," he said, and pointing to the lower bough of a fir the songster was revealed. It was a superb bird, fully as big as a turkey, with a great wrapper of magnificent feathers, looking every inch his name, the cock or king of the woods. But his attitude was anything but kingly, he seemed exceedingly drunk. With his eyes shut, his tail spread out like a peacock, his head rolling about, he kept dancing assiduously to his own music. " Move quick," said L. " Stop " A sonorous bravura ended the solo, and the tears opened its eyes, and rolled them suspiciously around. We stood stock still. After ten minutes the song recommenced with a true operatic shake ; a few yards and he was within shot ; L. levelled Ids pea rifle, and the tears fell with a heavy thud upon the snow. It was a superb bird, weighing eighteen pounds, one of the heaviest birds of the season. The Livonian had killed another, but much smaller one SO with two birds vic might think ourselves lucky, as from the obscurity of the twilight it is very difficult to take aim, and the sportsman often comes back day after day empty handed. The sun was now well up, and lighted a beautiful track that winded to and fro, deeper and deeper into the recesses of the forest. The trees stood like armies on every side, their dark green boughs bending under the snowfall ; but beneath them there was life enough. The quantity of the smaller game in these Russian forests is prodigious. It is seldom killed, and multi- plies undisturbed. Hares ran across the path by dozens ; twice a brown fox scuttled away before us into the bushes and once a sharp, shrill cry, something like a cat's but deeper, told of a lynx. Two hours' sharp walking took us out of the thick of the bush, the trees opened out into an open glade ; a huge fire was blazing in the middle, with a crowd of peasants round it. There he is, my lord and master, there he is, and there he has been these two days and three nights, waiting for the honour of being shot by my lord and master." The old structure pointed upwards as he spoke, and there, swinging sixty feet above the ground, sure enough 'sat a bear. And what did he sit on ! Why, on a bond, hanging by two ropes from a stout and of the families. He was a huge beast, anything but a pleasant customer on firm ground, but now harmless 'enough. He seemed too broken- hearted even to growl, but sat on his rump patiently waiting for his letter nie), "Who shared the medved?" (bear) said the Count. "Niklns Nikolaovitch, Gospodin." "Then Niklns shall kill him." A stumpy young fellow in a long sheep-skin coat stepped forth, bowed low, adjusted, fired, and the bear came tumbling to the ground. It was a large beast, but loan, weighing at most 3 cwt. " You have now seen one of our country ways of bear catching," said L. " What pork is to a wolf, honey is to a bear. He cannot resist it. So when our boys have found out a hive of wild bees, not hard to find where there are so many they smear the trunk with the honey, and make a trail a little way off'. Then fasten they with a peg a board right across the hive, and tie a rope to either end. When his bear- ship simples up the tree and gets upon the board, he lines there is no honey for him, so he route about with his paws till he has pulled out the peg, and away he swings into the air. For stupid is the bear. Yet another way we have out here shows that stupid is the bear. Sometimes, instead of a plank, wo hang a very heavy block of wood against the hive. The honey-hunter pushes it aside, when it swings back, and hits him on the head. Small chance then for master bear, for if hit he never gives over, and the harder he throws it from him the harder he is hit as it swings back, till he tumbles scatheless off the tree. For clever is the wolf but stupid is the bear. Is it not so, stares ? " " Oh ! Gospodin, by your favour I will speak. Clever is the wolf, and stupid is the bear ; but a mean thing is the wolf, like your self, and a great lord is the bear, like you my muster. And kind-hearted is the bear. Who but he that would go up to the little girl that was carrying home the cranberries and ate half out of the basket, and left her the other half ? Men said he was an enchanted prince, but I know not. And a coward is the wolf. Against one man what will one wolf dare ? Last winter Stephen set a fox trap, and nothing thither no fox was there. but much blood. Then Stephen followed the blood, and it led to a hole, and he crawled into the hole, and at the end was the wolf glaring at him. Then Stephen took a cord, and made a noose, threw it round the wolfe neck, and pulled it tight, and passed it over a branch, and pulled out the wolf, and hung it. Small chance I trow of doing that with a bear. And foolish is it to offend the bear for he never forgives, and kills till he is killed. When my lord and master was away among the French, so did the boat to Peter Petrovich though they were beside him." " And what did the boat to Peter Petrovich f " I asked. O foreign lord and friend of my lord and master, with permission I will answer. Peter Petrovich was one of our best hunters, and all day he had followed the tracks of a beer. Towards dark he last them among a ridge of rocks, where the beast had no doubt gone to hide. The rockton out into a narrow neck perpendicular on both sides, and Peter felt sure the bear was waiting him at the other end, to have a fight for life or death. There was no going back, so he threw his gun forward, and went on. Near the angle of the rock he came upon a hole, and looking in Haw through the dark two flushing eyes. One of the beast's paws was sticking out, so near that he would seize it with his hand, the rest of the error moiiM body was in the cave. He levelled but twice minded the, the fierce eyes keeping fixed immovably on him all the time. The third time the gun went off, and there was an awful roar. Small time took Peter to retreat, but nothing followed. He reloaded his rifle had returned. The dyed had vanished, but he fancied he heard something tearing the ground, and in a Dinnie run away. XJio next day he returned with three others. They got high above the rock, and clninbe-i'i.'il down a fir trunk to got to it. Dmitri was the Um!. Ko Hooper had his touched the ground than with two immense summer the bear was upon him, with d Bills in his paws, and throw him on the ground. Dmitri shouted for help, OF he struggled with the beast, rolling over and over, till visit n iliBjicratc effort to throw him down. Peter now fired and hit him, he sprang a few paces back, and before he could return a second shot hit him in the heart. Not so lucky were the four chasseurs who sighted a beer, and fired at and hit him. He rushed at the foremost, twisted his gun out of his hands, threw him down, and tore his head most fearfully. Then he listened if the man was still breathing, and finding he lived, he seized him on the left side and tore him right open. The rest had been frozen with terror, but one of the men beat off the beast with an axe, while a third gave him another shot. He throw himself on the man with the axe, and was treating him like the first, but this one held his breath, and feigned to be dead. The bear left him at once, sniffed the blood and trotted off, wounded as he was. The first man died." " That streets of yours seems a very decent fellow," I said to the Count, as we sat down to the last dinner, was ! that I was ever to have in that hospitable house. " What a fine head he has-what a venerable beard I That heard of his alone would make his fortune with the painters at Home." " He is a confounded rogue," was the reply, " as it is to be feared oil we Russians are, both high and low a sentiment I by no means endorse. That night we did not go to bed very early. Katinka must have found plenty of empty champagne bottles next morning, and I dreamed all night of being torn by bears, 