gjoat lutclWgjcttfc. EXPORTS.-The exports of wheat from l.ort MacDonnell for the week ending May 12, amounted to 511 quarters-4088 bushels. There was no wheat exported from any other port in the colony during the week. POLICE COURT.-At the Police Court yes terday, J. McAllister, for being drunk and in capable, and J. McDonald, for being drunk and disorderly, were fined 5s. eacli. LECTURE ON GHOST STORIES.-On Wed nesday, evening the Rev. Canon Russell, of Adelaide, gave a lecture in the Oddfellows" and Foresters' Hall on " Ghost Stories." The attendance was good, though not quite so large a3 we should have anticipated. J. C. Lyon, Esq. presided, and introduced the lec turer. The lecture itself was a calm aiid lucid review of the opinions entertained rela tive to supernatural appearances, to which Mr Russell said he could neither give a full assent or flat denial. It was quite possible there might be such things as ghosts, and that warnings were permitted to be sent from the invisible world for the benefit of individuals or families. Many of the ghost stories in ex istence were no doubt fabrications, but there were others which were too well founded on fact to be so treated. Of this latter class were the manifestations which troubled the family of the father of the Wesleys, and which were minutely described by the celebrated John 1 Wesley. The lecture was divided into two j main divisions-stories of haunted houses; and J appearances by which merciful warnings were conyeyed and deliverenccs effected. Under both these heads a great many amusing, and some rather thrilling stories, were told, and the audience was left to form its own judg ment on the matter. We need hardly say that the lecture was one of great interest, and if it did occasionally cause some little nervous ap prehension, it gave rise to a great deal more amusement, and must have gone a great way to put ghosts upon a proper footing with mortals. During an interval in the lecture the Messrs. Simmons sung two songs-" Little Nell" and "Eulalie," with excellent effect, and Mr Brown, chemist,- gave a humorous reading in Scotch, entitled " The Missing Saddle," from the "Cruise of the Midge," which was alsc highly appreciated-Mr Brown's brogue being equally meritorious with his reading. The usual votes of thanks were cordially given at the close-Mr Russell has promised to give another lecture next week on the Pickwick Papers. ME UMFIIERSTON'S SALE.-At M r Umpher ston's 6ale, which came off yesterday, the prices realized were remarkably good. M r C. Gr. Doughty reports as follows :-Horse stock, draught, £22 to £45 ; yearlingsy £19 10s to £23 5s; ponies and hacks, £5 to £10; cows, young cattle and store stock averaged £5 4s. The cows ranged from £4 to £6 17s 6d. A team of four bullocks, with yokes and chains was sold for £27. The farm" implements, &c.;, also realized fair prices. THE COMPTON DOWNS Ptc Nic-The Queens's Birthday pic-nic at Compton Downs; may be regarded as a very successful one, for although there was not quite so many present as was expected or could have been wished,, still the attendance was very large, and the results highly satisfactory-about £20 being realized from the tea and £-30 Irom a sub scription list. The object of the pic-hic waS~ to start a fund for building a teacher's resi dence in aonnexion with the Gompton Downs School. The scene of the pic-nic was the large, < and in some respect-:, wonderful cave in one of Mr Bors' paddocks. It is estimated . that, between 300 and 400 were upon the ground during the day. The cliief amusement of the pic-nickers was exploration, and the cave cer-. tainly afforded ample scope for this. It is a very extensive one, and runs to a distance, underground of- from liulf-a-mile to a mile. It is dark and gloomy in the extreme, and although there are some fine large chambers in it, the greater portion is low, and very fre ventiy sight seers have to get along on all fours. On the present occasion few of the explorers had the hardihood to penetrate fur ther than the bat cave, but many went that distance. This cave is so named from the myriads of bats that have taken refuge in it. It is said to be half a mile from the opening. Cricket was the only other amusement pro vided, and it had its own share of votaries. At 3 p.m. tea was announced. It was laid out in the two large chambers nearest to tlie opening, where a "dim religious light" from the opening in the one instance, aud a large array of candles in the other, enabled the party to distinguish between their own mouths and their neighbours, and do justice to a very excellent aud substantial tea. We. should here notice with commendation the praiseworthy exertions of the pic-nic com mittee to make things comfortable. For merly the descent into the cave Was not only difficult but dangerous, and wholly imprac ticable for ladies.- Dui'ing the week tho eommittco had a stepped pathway cut out of t&o; rock half way down, and railed planks from there , to the bottom erected, so that there was not the slightest trouble, even to the ladies, in getting up and down. After the tea there was an open air public meeting, over which Mr-Derrington presided. Ad dresses more or less bearing upon the object of the pic-nic were given by the Chairman, Mr I. K. Bors,/ Mr Merson, temperance, advocate, the Rev. Mr Chester, and Mr Pal-: tridge. This brought the. afternoon's pro ceedings to a close. LOCAL COURT.-The Local Court falls to be held in Mount Gambier on Tuesday next. SEBIOUS ACCIDENT FEOM SHOOTING.-We are very sorry to have to record a serious accident which happened on Thursday to the youngest son of Mr Peter McArthur, farmer, a boy about ten years of age. He was out shooting birds in company with a German lad named Unger. linger was carrying the gun, and while turning round quickly to look at something, the gun acci dentally went off. The charge entered the boy McArtliur's left shotdder, passed across his breast, and lodged in the right shoulder, fracturing some of the bones of the chest and shoulder. Dr Graham was instantly sum moned and extracted 42 of the shot, the wadding that was round it, and the part of the boy's coat that was carried by the shot into the wound. "We regret to say the boy lies in a very dangerous state, though hopes are entertained of his recovery. THE QUEEN'S BIBTHDAY.-This event was most loyally observed in Mount- Gam bier on Thursday. Work of all kinds being as entirely suspended as if it were Sunday. EARTHQUAKE.—We direct attention to a letter under this heading in another column. It is written by a gentleman in whom the highest confidence may be placed, and who was not likely to be misled by the phenomena observed. It will be satisfactory to have the occurrence of the earthquake verified by some other of our correspondents. TEMPERANCE LECTUEES. - Mr Merson continues to give his lectures throughout the district with much success, and draws crowded houses. On Thursday evening he gave an unadvertised lecture, illustrated by the magic lantern, to a large audience in the school-room of the Wesleyan Chapel. Mr Merson was interesting and instructive, the lecture and views kept up attention to the close. A collection was made at the close in aid of the Sunday School funds of the Wesleyan Church, which amounted to over £5. Mr Merson was lecturing at Benaira last night. 