%iocal *lnteligencg. .ATEU?R. ESTERTd~IE?T?----On Wednesd~ay even ing last an entertainment consisting of vocal and instrunental musical selections, recitations, and dr.matic representations, ivasgiveninthe.Assembly Foom at the Mechanics' IiTstitute in aid of the fzuda of that institution, by four gentlenian Anmatcurs. By eight o'clock the room was filled wirth one of the largest audiences we have over seen gathered within its walls. Of the musical part of the entertainment we need say but little as the performers are so well known hero, and their abilities are so generally recognised that any praise that we might acord might well be deemed super fluous, and we will therefore only remark'that a imost delightful treat was providod for those who were fortunato enough to be present on the occa sion. The reeltations were given in the happiest style with telling effect, the "Royal Banquet" in p:lrticula;r, from the Bon Gaultier Ballads, was ren dered with inimitable skill, and was accomnpanied with such characteristic, and at the same time, easy, unstraine:l, and natural action as to fairly con vualse the house. 'Thie first part of the entertainc menot concluded with tihe recitation in charactor of Campbell's well-kown piece "Lochiel's Wrarnin." The Wizard and Loehiel were both splendidly played. The beautiful language of the poet was rendered with great vigonr, precision, and truth, and with an utter absence of all that miouthing and rant which amateurs, aye, anl professionals to boot, are so aptbtoindul.oi in in pietes of this char noter. The dresses were capitally got up, and the whole scene was most effective. At its conclusion the performers were greeted, as they deserved, with loud and prolonged manifestatians of applause. After the curtain descended thle audience were re minded that the next scene would be one of the greatest solemnity, and were particularly enjoined to preserve the greatest silence during its represcn tation, an injunction which we may here observe was studiously complied with. When the idea was first conceived df placing before a Waggs Wagga audience, in creditable style, a scenle from one of the noble plays of our national poet, it was found to be encompassed with numerous and almost insurmountable difficulties, none of the least of which we'e the almost total absence of the customary thleatrical appliances for carrying it out with due scenic effect, and if we may use kahakes; perian quotation, the "Cabin'dl cribb'd and con, in'd" character oi tne stage itself, which ieces-? tnarily restricted all the efforts that could hlie made to supply them within the very narrowest of limits. In the Ghost Scene firom Hamlet, these dilfibiltie? were particularly trying, but by dint of energy and persdverance, aind after much crxperimentalising .ad rehearsing, they.. wer by a skilful disposition of lights and a few simple mechanical contrivances, most succslsfully overcomen. Tie dresses were wore made in the towli, did iveoro all that could be desired. Indeed in this and every lesser detail no effort was spared in order to rensider the wholeo. scene as effective as possible. Upon the .re sional boards this scene is but tdoojrequently mur dered, andine nindtynine cases out of a hundred, when attenipted by amateurs, the result is complete ad unmitigdted failure. Without the possession: of natural gifts and cultiiated talent, it is im' possille to depict it, and though the effect of these bay he heightened and iicreased by the scenio applionces of a well furnished theatre, the most orfeect appointments can never pull an indifferent .actor successfully through, and will only serve to n:agnify the extent of his shortcomings But on Wedlnesday night there were no shortcomings in this respect. Fron begimnning to end the whole !iece was magnificently playel. Te fidelity and cire with whicl the character of Hamlet was sas ta.ined, the striking and trautlful representation of the emotions of the Prince during hIis dialogue with the spirit of the dead King, and the great elocu. tionary skill displayed in rendering the part, coidld siot be witnessed without feelings of wrapt :sod invrolunttiry admiration. The ghost was also spliendidly played, the parting speech particularly being given with greal solemnity and effect. The stage and house were partially ldarltoened, and as the spirit moved slowly across the stage, its glit toring armour dimly seen as through a misty cloud, and then imperceptibly disappeared, the effect was strikingly beautiful. Thie part of Horatio is a very sulbordilate one, and is rather a trying one to liiL by an amateur who hals nothinsg to do but to play.sp to andl be eclipsed by Hamlet, but it wasn nevertheless-very well sustained. ' Tho scenc was brought to a close lby the impressive soliloquy of Hlamlet, beginning " All you host of HIeaven," and coicluding with the silent oath and the words "I're sworn it, ' and as the Prince with bending head dropped on one knee, the curtain slorwly descended, and thou the enthusiasm of the audioence,.-which up to then had been restrained, broke forth, and the hucse was shaken with a tempest of applause. In reply to continued calls the curtain was for a moment raised upona. tableanu representing the ghost adjuring Hamlet, and then again descended amidst tumultuous applause. We hlave no hesita tion in saying that by few professionals and by no amnateurs was the scene ever better played, and that those of our townsmen who were not present missed a really artistic treat. The entertainment wound up with some capital vocal and instrumental music, and the audience then at thle request of the amateurs joined in singing a couple of verses of the National Anthem, and then departed for their homes. The receipts at the door amounted to £18. MAIL ItnosERIs? .-On Friday morning week last the up Sydney snail was stuck-lup by ourkce the busberanger, near Jugioug. He was well mounted on a valuable horse, whilch hlie had stolen on tile previoaus day from Mr. Ross. There were live passngers in the coach, consisting of Mr. Manton, Dr. Reid, Mr. Lennon, Mr. Scott, and another gentleman. All the passengers .were- unarmed, with the exception of Mr. Manton, who carried a live-chambered revolver. About lhalf-pait five in the morning Bourke rode up to the coachl and ordered the driver to pull up, at the same tine firing a shot in order to intimidate him. The driver, of course, obeyed, Iand Bourke, wiho was well armed, then ordered the passengers to get out of the coach. They all complied, with thie sexcep tion of Mr. Manton, who covered the jushoranger with his revolver, and pulled the trigger; but tale cap was bad, and'the siot missed, as did also tile remaining four chlamubers from the same cause; Bourke then searched all the passengers but MIr. BIanton, but obtained only a very small booty, and the mailman having thronwn out one of the bags, ii obedience to a denmand from the rolber, the coach and passengers were then permitted to resume their journey. The Goulburn Argus states that while Bourke was by the coach hlie appeared very nervous, and might easily have been captured by the pas scngers, who were only prevented from makinig thc attempt by believing that he had assistance at hand. The police have bec very actively en gaged in hunting sup the haunts of this new high wayman; but there is no doubt that he is sheltered by sympathising friends, andall their eflbrts have, as yet, proved unsuccessful. The Burrangong and Forbes mail was also stuck uip the other day, azbo?ut ten or twelve miles from Young, by a single boush ranger, and the bags rilled of their contents, but whether Bourke was the robber on this occasion also we have not yet learnt. It is said that l:ourke has been joined by a young man- namued Quoinn, who is well aequainted about the Murlrumbidgee. If so, we may possibly hear of the advent of the knights of tile road in our own neighlbourhood. THE-imBAsrY IMURDER.-At the Albury Police Court, on Mo?linday last, Thomas Saunders was fully committed, after a protracted examination which lasted five days, to take his trial at the next Circuit Court at Weagga W?agga, for the murder of his wife, Mary Saundcers. The case, which is involved in considerable mystery, has created a great sensation in Albury. THEe CermBAnOOs A 8TEAMER.-On Saturday lasot the Cumbaroona, Murray River steamer arrived at Albury on her third trip from Echuca, and upon this occasion fortunately managed to thread the teortuous channel of the snag-impeded stream in safety. If the Murray steamers could only contrive to avoid fonndering a little less frequently, and agents and shippers would make such arrangements as would prevent the great and unnecessary delays which now so constantly occur in the shipment of goods at Echuca, the river route would be largely patronised by the business men of this district, but so many disappointments have been experienced by those who have availed themselves of the rail and the river for the carriage of their goods, partly from the carelessness and negligence of Agents at Echuca in not shipping the goods imnmediately upon their arrivaltby rail, and partly fromn the snagging and sinking of the boats themselves after they have been shipped, that people are begiuling to fight shy of a system of carriage, which in economy and speed has mlchl to recommend it, if from the sta tlon in Melbourne to the wharf in Albury, the service could only be continuously carried out. The ex periment as far as it has yet been tried has almost always resulted in disappointment and loss, and if no better prospects can now be hecld out of greater regularity and less danger inuthe transit of goods upon the river, the proprietors of steamboats must not be s-rprisod if the people of this district con tinuo to prefer conducting their trade with Mel bourne by means of the less expedlitious, but safer and more certain waggon and road. TuE RvnyC has been slowly falling all the week, the total susidence being within tirwo inches of five feet. Last night the gauge marked seven feet nine. inches above the summer level. ACCIDENT TO A CHILD.—On Thursday last, a sad accident by which a little boy of eight or nine years of age broke both of his arms happened near the race course. The child, who is named Boyton, and is the son by a former marriage of a washerwoman named Corstain has been very silent as to the cause of his misfortune, and cannot yet be induced to satisfactorily account for it, is believed to have fallen from a tree, or pitched forward from a log upon his hands, and that the whole weight of his body then came heavily upon them and snapped the bones of both arms. One is broken at the wrist, and the other between the wrist and elbow. The youthful sufferer was brought in to Dr. Morgan, who set the injured limbs, and the youngster is now progressing as favourably as could be expected. TuLE 0L'sE MAGISTRATE. - By a notification wihich appears in the Government Gazette, of the 11th instant, we observe that Henry Baylis, Esq., of Wagga WVagga has been eampowered to exercise at WMagga ,'agga, Narandera, and Urana, the lspecial powers authorised by the second clause of the Clerk of Potty Sessiole Act, of 1857, for a period of two years from the presentdate. PIsoAToRIAL.-On Tuesday last the first fish of the season were brought into town for sale by Mir. Phillips. Altogether about 3 cwt. of cod and perch were netted in the river by a fisherman- a little above the town. Some of them were very f!iue, tlhe largest that we sew weighing About 30 lhs. We have also.seen nunmbers of remarkably fine crawfish, which have been caughlt in baited gunny bags, by Mr. Phillips. One of them weighed no less than 6. lbs., and h shape, though not in colour, was identical with the common lobster. When boiled in salt water they are said to be a .a very palataible article of diet. Tue 1i?wAwAuA EL.rcTios.--The polling for this electorate has resulted in the return of Mr. Stewnart by a majority of about four to three over his op ponent, Mr. Wilshire. LAND TITcI. DEEns.-By a notice which appenrs in the Goveisnment Gazette, We observe that ''Deeds of Grant," under the Real Property Act, in favour of the undermenetioned persons in the Murrambid gee district, are now ready for delivery at the Lasd Titles Branch of the Registrar General's D partment, Syisbey, upon payment of the assurance fee. Applications for delivery, if in writing, must be attested by a magistrate : NAMEOFGRANTEE - SITUATION. AsSURANcEFEE s. d. Evans, W.iG ..... S. Wagga Waga 0 2 05 Hassett, G......:,. 0 2 ,, . ...... ,,O 2 02 *..0.2 Heath, T. 0....... , O A. 3 Higis,. "J ..... . ,, I O 3 Halbieh, G...... . . Leonard I ...0..... "Hay 0 4 04: Powell, J.......;.. County Urana i. 2 ,,1 ......2.. . 010 - S....... ....t... I':. , :I- 0'11 1~2 Pierpoint, V . a;... 3 0: ":" Ha ; :';:'",:O:2 Pollard, J. H... , 0 4. Prince, A. H .:.;.. ' O . Prince, Sarah...... ....... 2 , , .... ,, , <.. O 3 un; el , B3. (.... . ' I 0 2 .............'Ii o Warty; J..E. ..... S.Wagg Wagga 0 3 Willans, ..... ... ,, . 0 3 THEU.NEMPLOYED IN QsEEvSLAnD.-Great die content exists amongss the unemployed in Queens. land. Tley complainthat the Governmenthas not kept'faith with them with respect to the supply.of rations. A number of them one day walked into Laidley and took possession of a bag of flour, and, on the following dmy, a large body of them got pos session of a ballast trasi, and came into Ipswich, where fifteel of thleoln were taken into custody, and afterwalds fined. On Monday, all the shops in Brisbane ~vere closed, and business suspended during the day, in consequence of anticipated dia. turhances by the unemployed. Nothing, however, occurred. Men generally seemed paoccably dis. posed; It is intended to dispatch a steaer tto Rocklhampton, with as many as will go; it being reported that the railway contractors want hands there. TEtLEORAran.-Tenders have been called for the erection of a line of telegraph from Coouna to Bom bala. The distance between tile two places is Gu miles, and the line is to be completed in four months from the 25th instant. Bombala is the nearest town to the Deleget River diggings, and is close to the Gipps Land Victorian frontier. MIoECHANICS' INSTITUTE.-The usual monthly meeting of the Committee of the above Institution was called for Tuesday evening last, but lapsed, as at the appointed hour a sufficient number of mem bers had not assembled to formia quorum. p?REGeISTRATION OF Doos.-Owners of dogs should remember that all dogs unregistered before the 30th of this month may be destroyed. The only exceptions are in favour of slheep and-cattle dogs ; dogs outside the town boundary; dogs which have not been kept for fourteen days ; and dogs under six months old. -All persons keeping unregistered dogs render themselves liable to a fine. The regis tration fees are, for one dog, Is. ; for two dogs, 2s. each; for three dogs, 2s. Gd. each; antd for four or more dogs, 5s. each. Towr TALr.-As the time approaches for the holding of our second Circuit Court, people are be ginning to ask-How is the business to be con ducted ? Last time, it was extremely light, and yet the accommodation afforded by our contracted ill-designed court-house was altogether inadequate. No retiring-room for the jury; but little accommo dation for the Bar or the other branch of the legal profession, and still less for the witnesses, the Press, and the public was provided ; Judge, jury, counsel, prisoners, and public were all huddled up together in a little conlined spot where it was impossible that the trials could be conducted with any degree of decency or comfort. His Honor Judge Faucett and the Solicitor-General both alluded to the incon veniences of the court-house, and the latter gentle man promised to bring the matter under the con sideration of his colleagues, and said that he would eindeavour to get the necessary alterations and ad ditions to the building effected before the next a.ssizes, but nothing of the kind has yet been at tempted, and it is quite clear that nothing can be done now until after tihe next court. The calicn dar at tihe next sitting will be a very heavy one. Two charges of murder, together with cases of cat tie stealing, forging and uttering, stabbing, and other minor crimes will supply, up to the present time, no less than thirteen prisoners for trial. All this is independent of the civil business, which, if it is to comprise one libel case against the:Tumut Times for strictures upon the Clerk of Petty Ses sions of that town, and another against the Goul burn Argus for the "Churchman" letter, does not, of itself, promise to be verylight either. It ishigh time that the people, moved in this matter, and urged upon the authorities the necessity of making such improvements in the court-house as the exigen cies of the case imperatively demand. It is un seemly and discreditable that juries should be inarched down the street to the nearest public house, and there locked up in a ball room, to consider a verdict upon which the life or death of a fellow creature may depend, while the clicking of billiard balls, and tIhe jiunling of glasses is con tinually ringing in their ears from the rooms below and around them. This is a scandal that ought not to be tolerated, and we trust that after the next court, the remonstrances of our townsmen will have had such effect, that upon all future occa sions ample accommodation will be provided within the Court House itself, not ocnly for the jurors, but forits officers, the public, andthepress.--Theweather during the week lihas been genial and extremely favourable for the farmers and husbandmen. The oat and wheat crops are looking remarkably well, and promise at present a prolific harvest, and as a much greater breadth of land has been placed under crops this year than in any previous one, flour, fodder, and indeed agricultural produce generally may be expected to become during the ensuing season hoth plentiful and cheap. Several of the farmers have sown small quantities of the best English barley, in order to obtain next year sufficient seed to raise a crop for malting pur poses, for the following year, an.d as a local brewery is about to commence operations, a steady market for good barley will no doubt be open to the grower.-On Monday next at 2 p.m., a boat race for £5 aside is to take place upon the river, starting and returning from a point opposite the Squatters' Hotel. Some little interest is felt in thle result, and as a boating match is something of a novelty in W a agga , there will, no doubt be a strong muster of spectators.-For some little time past there has been a great scarcity of kero sene oil in the town, and no little inconvenience has been occasioned thereby. Some householders havc been put to terrible straits in order to procure a snflicient supply to keep even a single lamp going. What are our business men about when they suffer us thus to run short of light? ' HoLLowvAy's- PILLS correct bile, prevent fnatul ency, cleanse the liver, purify the system, strengthen the stomach, increase the appetite, in- . vigorate the nerves, promote health, and renew the lease of life. The daily sale of these invaluable Pills in all parts of the globe is perfectly astonish ing. They are eagerly purchased by millions of persons who have heard of their extraordinary virtues, and are desirous to give them a trial. That trial never ends in disappointment. They are com posed of rare balsams, " unmixed with baser mat ter." None need fear that there is any mineral or other noxious substance in them. Printed direc tions for their use accompany every box.-Anv. 