SKETCHES OF THE DIGGINGS.--No. VI. (From the Australasian.) In the last sketch reference was made to the various quartz reefs which crop out from the hills encompassing Inglewood. I pro- posed going from thence to Kingower, and then on to Jericho. Before starting we will glance over the whole scene through which our journey will take us. Selecting the hill on which the Jersey Reef has been worked, abandoned, and re-worked, as our view point, and comfortably leaning against the solitary tree still growing on the summit, the trunk of which is, by-the-by, decorated by English barbarians with sundry distin- guished names and illustrious initials bestowed by their godfathers and god- mothers on the Smith tribe — well, leaning against this tree, we can look over an exten- sive tract of country, interesting in its character and associations. Stretching far away over ranges of hills, over vast plains, over rich alluvial or barren rocky soil, spreads the eternal scrub. In one unvarying monochrome, for hundreds of miles it covers the face of the earth. This apparently illimitable vision of dark, deeply green, still-looking scrub produces nearly the same effect on the beholder as is caused by watching the waters when a stranger is a thousand miles from land, tossing on the wide, wide sea. The impression is more vivid when a high wind rustles the leaves, bends the boughs, and deepens or lightens the shadowy tints on the surface. In the immediate neighbourhood of the Jersey-hill the scene is varied by the workings, the necessary accompanying machinery, in the shape of whims, windlasses, and winding gear of various kinds, heaps of stacked-up quartz ready for the mills, the quartz crushing machines at their noisy work in the valley below ; cottages, huts, and homes more or less comfortable or pretentious, according to the means or taste of time pro- prietor ; a school- house, church, and chapel. Wheel tracks, showing that a considerable traffic passes between the town and the reefs, are traceable from the hills. The reservoir, constructed by government, and employed for the supply of the mills and town, pleasantly breaks the monotony ; while Inglewood itself, from the scattered manner in which its new streets and houses are built, looks at the distance more impos- ing and important than it really is. The back-ground of the picture, into the more minute details of which we have no time to examine, is again the dark scrub and some heavily timbered country. Turning from the town we look towards our destination, and difficulties that vanish on nearer approach would seem to prevent all progress. Ever the monotonous mallee ! One straight line or track, cut with mathe- matical precision up hill, down dale, and over plain, attracts attention. This track was, I am informed, cut by the geodetic survey party, and extends for miles into otherwise unknown country. The horizon is bounded by ranges of hills, varying in height, size, and character ; but all, in a clear atmosphere, having that peculiar, bloomy, blue, almost phosphorescent effect of light which Chevalier has so successfully produced on canvas, and which can be seen nowhere out of Australia. Most prominent and striking of all the hills is Mount Korong — Mount Go-wrong the bewildered miners used to call it when they lost their bearings in the shadow of its rocky sides. Rugged and grand in outline, with giant granite boulders heaped up in confusion, inaccessible and pathless, with dark tree-covered steeps and its glittering diamond, it stands separate and solitary from all the other elevations in sight. Out of our ken, but at the base of the mount, lies pleasant, well-to-do Wedder- burne, which is one of the least objection- able substitutes for the native name, Korong. Seven miles round the base is the haunted hut, where any person who has sufficient courage may, if he approach the dismantled hut which stands there at the witching hour of night, hear a phantom wood-cutter deal- ing most substantial and unphantom-like blows with an axe. Of course, on a nearer approach, the sounds cease, but numerous persons will testify that they have heard the ghostly echoes. Whether such a phenomenon does exist, and whether a tale has been invented to account for them, or vice veresa, I am not prepared to vouch ; but certain it is that Korongites relate how a wood-splitter was found dead at the seven-mile hut, and while the evidence was conclusive that he had been killed, it was open to question whether he had killed himself, or whether some person or persons unknown had assisted nature by cutting his throat. Ever after he has made himself manifest in the wood by a persistent chopping of invisible trees with an invisible axe and invisible body at the aforesaid hour of midnight. At any rate, the ruinous remains of a hut and sawpit are there to give colour to this authentic ghost story, and seeing that the colony can't boast of many I have thought it worth while to nar- rate this, without, however, pledging my credit for aught more than that I tell the tale as it was told to me, and as to having seen with mine own eyes the scene of the spiritual manifestation. High up the side of Korong, and now and then glittering in our sight, is the Diamond. This is — I speak for the benefit of those who may be vaguely imagining some huge, inaccessible Koh-i-noor — a thin sheet of water trickling and spreading itself over a smooth granite boulder, reflecting the light of the sun, and giving the wet mica-covered granite the effect of a waterfall ; but this only when the sun glances on its deceptive mirage-like brilliancy. Nearer, and yet less distinct and bold, stands Mount Kieura— I regret I cannot give the translation of the native name where it is said that thousands of goats have acclimatised themselves without the aid or permission of the society, and where a capi- tal day's sport may be had in shooting some of these wild, masterless aninals, for which there is no close season proclaimed. The sport, too, is not without a spice of danger to season the enjoyment, as from the character of their abiding places the goats acquire all the agility of the chamois, and the sportsman must possess something of the chamois- hunter's skill and nerve. The game is not to be despised either, for if pro- perly prepared, it would be a puzzle to a gourmand to pronounce what was the differ- ence between it and the orthodox venison. I wonder the subject is not more generally appreciated, because it is better sport than kangaroo hunting, and the flesh is even a more desirable addition to the table. The Mount Kooyoora — which being inter- preted means the nountain of light — claims our notice. I would here fain call the atten- tion of philologists to the marked similarity which is observable between the native name Kooyoora, and the Hindoo word Koh-i- noor, both meaning precisely the same thing — mountain of light. In amongst its many rocks and caves the notorious Captain Melville is said to have had a re- treat and hiding-place, and there is a latent suspicion that in some dark cavern portions of his vast treasures are yet concealed. Perhaps, though it is slightly out of our course, and out of sight of our stand-point, there will not be a strong objection to visit the Gap in Kooyoora. Riding is the only mode of reaching this most picturesque of spots, as the walk is too far, and vehicles can't approach close enough. However, I had the pleasure of knowing that a party of gentlemen tried the experiment in a dog cart, and in crossing a steep-banked and rockey-bottomed creek, had the supreme satisfaction of finding themselves, or at least half of the party, deposited in aqua pura. Let me therefore advise any one to select a good bush horse to visit the Gap. Scarcely like a gully or ravine, and more like a vast cleft in the mountain side, it presents itself to view as we come near from the flat beneath, which is diversified by rocks and boulders, evidently torn ages ago from the cleft. Tea-tree bushes, she-oak trees, stunted white gums, rare pines, beautiful ferns, thorny acacias, and delicate minute plants with perfect bijoux of blossoms, are to be found in amongst those rocks which it is possible to reach by climbing in any ordin- ary way, and though the attempt may in volve torn clothes, scratched hands, and worn-out boots, these perils are well repaid. All description must necessarily fall short of the reality, where grandeur of outline, breadth, depth, and beauty of color, minutiæ of detail, pleasant echoes of pleasant voices, all combine to satisfy eye and ear. Glorious in the mass and beautiful in detail, the Gap of Kooyoora would become a show place of the colony were it more come-at-able. Some of its lone majesty of beauty has since been marred by an enterprising squatter, who has actually fenced in one portion of the steep hill. Of what earthly use he proposed to make it, except as a preserve for goats, it is impos- siblo to conceive. Certainly, except for the sake of the poor lambs and sheep he turned out there, one would be tempted to wish all his experiments on that hill would be as unprofitable as the first, when every ewe that lambed there had her little ones at- tacked and eaten by hawks and crows, whose nests are numerous among the rocks and trees. The hawks were choice in their eating, for it was frequently found that they had simply picked out the eyes of the un- fortunate lambs and left them there to die, while the wretched dams' pitiful cries were echoed and re-echoed from the opposite rocks. The season's experiment having thus failed, perhaps the rough bush-fence will be suffered to fall to decay. Returning to the Jersey, we can see Mount Moliagul overlooking its small rich gold-field and comfortable tea-meeting, loving little village ; Sunday Morning Hill, bare and smooth, amidst its tree or scrub and rock-covered companions ; and many other minor elevations, whose names I cannot call to mind. The whole chain of hills forms a magnificent background to a vast panorama, which only wants what is almost invariably absent from bush scenery — water — to make it one of the most glorious views in the colony. Two or three years ago the scrub between Inglewood and King- ower, Korong, and, indeed, for a circuit of many miles around, was on fire. It burned for several weeks, and rendered all commu- nication by the ordinary routes not merely dangerous, but simply impossible. I did not see the conflagration, but those who did informed me that it was one of the most magnificent and impressive scenes it is possible to conceive. Those who braved the extremity of heat for a mile or two, and ascended any eminence, looked down over miles of a steadily glowing fire. I must have poorly realised my intention if I have not made my readers understand that one of the most characteristic features of the mallee is its uniformity of height as well as colour, and this so materially gives its resemblance to the ocean. Imagine, then, this densely packed, sun-dried, resinous mass of vegeta- tion set on fire. Not burning with the rapid roar of prairie-grass, nor with the intermittent brilliancy, glare, and crackle of timbered ground, but with one steady, slow, all-consuming, unvarying, and, compara- tively speaking, silent incandescence — a lake that burned with fire unquenchable until all the combustible materials were left in fertilising ashes to the depth of two or three inches. In a season or two, from the ashes of the old mallee, sprang up a new growth of new plants. Instead of the dark green scrub, delicate pale green shrubs, heaths of various kinds, the beautifully common plant known as the wax-flower, crows' feet, cats' paws, blue bells, the long trailing purple-flowered sarsaparilla, the native geranium, and innumerable speci- mens of the widely varied Australian flora grew up among the scorched rocks and fire dried earth. I have chosen rather to give the common names to the native flowers than the terribly long botanical names affixed by scientific men, and for which I am indebted to the Victorian Linnæus, being of the opinion that the "simpler names"— I beg Martin Tupper's pardon, " appellations " — " wisely bestowed by rustics " are generally the most easily remembered. Ah well! we have lingered long enough on the Jersey- hill, and must start on our journey to Kingower. For some mile or so the route, though only a bush road, is splendid— level as a racecourse, hard as a road should be, wide enough to drive three vehicles abreast, and bounded on either side by the new growth of scrub, where the brilliancy of the tints of the blossom is varied week by week, until, when the short spring is just merging into the scorching summer, the hill sides are gorgeous with purple and white blossoms, only to be equalled by the heathy downs of Plumstead. The pleasant road ceases now we come to the Old Ingle- wood store and hotel, where innumerable turkeys gobble about, geese hiss, and dogs bark in farm-house fashion. We pass on through the debris of a deserted rush, for this is the site of the first rush to Inglewood. Not a stone's throw from the road is the spot where the poor red handkerchief was hoisted, and the prospect holes are lost amid the many other pits. Not far beyond stood the first hastily- erected theatre, and now of all the busy rush, the many tents, stores, and hotels, the Old Inglewood is all that remains. Broken bottles, sardine tins, stray moleskins, decayed jerseys, decorate the ground in every direction, leaving by no means poetical remains of the rush. I rather think it would puzzle poor Oliver to produce a deserted village from such materials ! En passant, I would humbly suggest that any chiffonnier — and there are some of those useful people established in various towns now — who is not averse to centipedes, tarantulas, or triantelopes, as they are frequently called, and who has not a strong objection to many varieties of creeping things, should make a journey to some of these abandoned rushes. The col- lection of waggon-loads of rags and bottles would certainly make the speculation profit- able. Besides, though every pair of cast- off unmentionables may not contain a nugget, a note, or a purse, it not unfrequently happens that such treasures-trove reward any person who has hardihood enough to make a search. Leaving Old Inglewood, the Deep Lead, and Creek behind us, and following a well defined though not very good track, we pass on towards Kingower. The Green Hills, lightly timbered, well-grassed, and pleasantly sloping, are on our way. On either side, the pretty pines and sombre she-oaks have been cut down by passing bullock-drivers in the by-gone times to feed their cattle. This was necessary, although the feed was good, because, if they strayed ever so little, there was no chance of recovering the animals, which made their way into the neighbouring scrub. Unlike the hardy gum-trees, those esteemed good food for cattle do not grow again, and the dead timber strewing the ground, and the lifeless stumps, are not agreeable adjuncts to the scene. The air is fresh and clear, and thoroughly unlike the close, heavy atmosphere of Inglewood and its neighbourhood, and a light, joyous feel- ing and buoyant spirits come over the traveller almost unconsciously. The granite formation here begins ; we have left the granite ranges behind us, and the scrub is now tea-tree, not mallee, and a pleasant change it is, too. Steadily on towards the north, through deep valleys, where the over- hanging trees made even the brilliant after- noon sombre and twilight ; over steep hills, where one catches momentary glimpses of bloomy mountains and dark rock- covered hills, on to the flats which lead into Kingower. Glenalbyn Grange and Glen- albyn Church are on to the right of us. A pleasanter homestead and a prettier church than these are not to be found in all Vic- toria. I must not linger here though, or I should never part from the place. Couldn't I tell of pleasant rides, happy walks, com- fortable lounges on the green banks of the creek, where the birds, familiarised to your quiet presence, come hopping and twittering round, being as spooney on each other as it suits their loving natures, without dreaming that "a cheil's amang them taking notes ! " Could I not tell of kindly deeds performed by kindly hands and loving hearts, and those all carefully concealed — good done by stealth. N'importe, these last are written in the hearts of those benefited, and recorded on holy tablets — will be re- membered by Him who doeth all things well, and who knows when even the cup of cold water, let alone the warm fireside, the open hand, and and more valuable than money, is tendered to those who are but trying to be the humblest of His disciples. It is hard to tear even ones mental presence from a spot so well and gratefully remem- bered, but it must be done ; I only wish that pictures were admitted in the columns of the Australasian, I could furnish one of the pleasantest to be found in all the colonies. Keeping on the road, which winds along the bank of the creek in a picturesque manner, passing one or two pretty wattle- surrounded homes and a good many very common-place habitations, we come into Kingower itself. Crossing the substantial bridge which now occupies the place of a dangerous ford, we will leave our traps at the Bridge Hotel while we " do the lions" of the place. By the way it is not often that in a country town one finds such pleas- ant quarters as in the said hotel. The rooms for travellers are comfortably apart from the bar and its belongings, in a detached cottage, and here, the light stream- ing under a low flower-decked verandah, through coloured- glass windows and softly flowing muslin curtains, into well-arranged rooms and harmoniously contrasted and blended colours, one may lounge away an hour of repose on the softest of sofas, within reach of the most musical of bells, which will bring the freshest- coloured, cheeriest voiced, west country woman to your bidding. Luncheon brings the inevitable Cornish pasty and farmhouse delicacies ; and then we seek out the spot where the famous Blanche Barkly was unearthed, from whence the Welcome and Kingower were brought into light. Not much there to indicate a likely spot ! Merely chocolate-brown top soil, a gravelly substratum, and the bottom a mixture of red clay and pipeclay. The way in which the first Kingower nugget was found is worth while remembering. Some bullock-driver, weary and wayworn, was urging on his tired beasts with whip and oath, and fancying that some of his loading was displaced, he walked behind for a few steps to set all right. Just as he was raising the terrible whip and coarse voice for ano- ther spell onward, something glittering in the wheel-track caught his eye. Eagerly stooping, he displaced from the soft mud and water a bright nugget of pure gold. True, it was not one of the monsters after- wards discovered and exhibited in Melbourne and London ; but thirty- five ounces of gold, suddenly come by unexpectedly, and at no cost, was not to be despised. We can easily imagine how blithely the driver would walk along, how grudgingly he would display the treasure he could not help boasting of, how soon the pick and shovel would be at work where the welcome stranger had been so singularly discovered, how the shallow sink- ing in the soft earth would soon bring the aforementioned celebrated nuggets, and many others, from their hiding places, how tent and store made up the busy town, and how Kingower, as the birthplace of the largest lumps of gold ever found, soon became known from one end of Australia to the other. It would be but the same old story to repeat the rapid, mushroom-like growth of the township, how it subsided into a pleas- ant roadside village, how occasionally minor monsters are still discovered and appropri- ated, how many miners go away disgusted at what they call their ill-luck, and how gradually they return to earn a living as certain as mining can ever give. In spite of its whilom success and popularity Kingower never yet boasted of a newspaper of its own ; " all its wondrous transformations queer " have been unrecorded, or left to the own correspondents of neighbouring journals. They left unsung the songs of the local poet, an institution seemingly of all small town- ships ; they left all the scanmang of the society untold, and confined themselves to any occasional disasters, such as stray suicides, fires, or murders, varied by mining mems. This, perhaps, accounts for the primitive state of simplicity in which the inhabitants reside. A stranger is a phenomenon, and is accordingly subjected to a strict scrutiny. The doorways of such houses as are inhabited are thronged by the inmates, and the comments indulged in are by no means sotto voce. Furthermore, anything so civilised as bolts and bars are generally dispensed with, and entrance to any house, except the largest store, is accomplished in the manner so graphically described in Little Red Riding Hood " Pull the bobbin, and the latch will fly up." Substitute string for bobbin, and you have the exact mode of ingress to most houses thereabouts. There is a small church, which serves as a school-house ; there is a chapel, but to which of the dissenters it belongs I cannot say ; and there is a nucleus for a mechanics' institute. We had dawdled about so long, making amateur geological and botanical researches, had collected such heaps of specimens of both kingdoms, and came back to the comfortable room so late and so tired, that it was voted desirable to remain there all night rather than risk a journey to Jericho, where we we might not be so well off. A pianoforte and chess-board were placed at our disposal, our hostess's album was given up for inspection, and the celebrities of the town—they seemed jealous at being alluded to as villagers—pointed out to us. And when we retired, such delicious little rooms as awaited us—cool, fresh, clean muslin hangings to beds and windows, with delicate green fringes, and fastened up with the prettiest of gilt beading ; any quantity of lace and crotchet work about, which only gave one unpleasant qualms, lest by chance a careless occupant in another room might set the drapery on fire. No casualty of the kind occurred, and when morning broke with softened light we wore up to breakfast, and soon on our way to Jericho, provided with a limited supply of bread and cheese, a pasty, and some porter. We did not then, nor should we if ever the same party can go on the same road together, hurry on our way. The cemetery, with its many graves and few headstones, is left behind us, and the springs flowing from Mount Kooyoora are moistening the ground, freshening the grass, and filling pools to our right. Now and then glimpses of the granite-covered sides of the mountain delight us, a new flower tempts us to stop, or a clear echo provokes a song, while the refrain is borne to and fro on the odorous wind. Further on we dis- turb a flock of sheep—how many hundred I should not like to say—but as they went onward, the pattering of the thousands of trotters made a peculiar rythmical cadence, more like the pattering of large rain-drops among leaves than any other sound I know. By- and-by a herd of cattle raise their heads to stare with their lack-lustre eyes at us ; indeed, one patriarchal bull seemed much inclined to charge us. The worst of bush scenery is always said to be its dreary same- ness. The road to Jericho is certainly varied enough. Gently sloping hills, grassy plains, timbered land, granite-covered mountain sides, and peaked hills, towering up into the clouds, are all in the route, only the want, and the great want, is water. There is water, water everywhere on Kooyoora, and we've rounded the base now and got to the other side, but then it makes no show. It trickles over the granite in such homœpathic quantities, such in- finitesimal doses, that it is next to invisible. But when you do get to a runlet, I doubt if there is water anywhere else in the world so pure, so cold, and so refreshing. We had still eight miles to reach Jericho, and that, too, over steep hills and through deep valleys, so we pulled up under the shade of some trees, and selecting a spot not the pre- emptive right of some lion or bull-dog ants, we proceeded to refresh our inner man and horses. When people have been in a clear, bracing air from seven o'clock until noon, and have varied an eight miles' drive by sundry excursions among the heathery hills on foot, it does not take long to demolish a modest luncheon, and soon our porter bottles gave un-Byassed testimony to our thirst, and preference for the malt over the pure water. It would be tedious to readers, perhaps, to go over the country intervening between our resting- place and our desti- nation as slowly as we did. I will only recall that we passed through a ravine of granite boulders, only wanting night to realise the valley of the shadow of death, that we emerged into an open plain, and found ourselves in Jericho. What an excitement our arrival created. " Mother, there's a dray (thus was our buggy belied) with a lady and some gentle men," shrieked one young urchin in con- sternation. There was a general cry of " look here," and we felt almost as if the earliest days had come back, and that we should hear the once familiar Joe shouted after us. With some difficulty we found that there was one inn—the Plough I think it was called, though why Plough I'm sure I can't say—and thither we drove. The front door was closed, and after rapping, tapping, knocking at that shaky door, at last a man's head was carefully thrust be- tween it and as small a space as would admit it, and a gruff voice, that reminded one of the stoker Toodles, inquired " what do you want ? " On being told " beer," the pleasant host replied, " ain't got none." " Could we stable our horses, then ? " No ; stable's blown down." " Have you any horse-feed ? " " No ; reglar hay and corn store down hill, get it there ; " and without waiting for further questioning, this pleasant specimen of Jericho humanity closed the door. Thrown thus upon our own resources, we began to wonder what would become of us. All our edibles and drinkables had disappeared on the road, and we had calcu- lated on getting something to eat, for which we were quite ready. At any rate, the regular hay and corn store afforded some prospect of refreshment for our horses, and thither we turned our steps. A small black board with the words horse feed directed us to the regular store, and here we found bran and wheat, nothing else ; and the proprietor engaged to feed and water our horses, and to turn his own sorry jade out for a run to make stable-room for our poor animals. For ourselves, total abstinence seemed our lot, but we determined to see that which we had come specially to see. I ought to have mentioned that the Granite Company's claim had been the primary object of our visit. Scarcely a month before this it had been the mainstay and support of Jericho. Wages-workmen were employed by the dozen ; a manager and one or two underground overseers had formed, with the school and post-master, the elite of the district. Then came a catastrophe. The extensive workings, which, in fact, fairly divided the hill on which the town stood, collapsed. Without one premonitory warning, without a creak of the gigantic timbers, without ever so slight a fall of earth, the whole excavation crashed in as with the shock of an earth- quake. Happily, how happily many a thankful wife and mother could best tell, not one of the workmen were under-ground, nor indeed on the works at all. The ac- cident took place early in the morning, when everybody was getting breakfast and preparing for the day's work. Little alarm was excited amongst the inhabitants by the dull leaden-like crash and shaking of the earth which told of the catastrophe ; at least, little alarm was created by the first crash ; but when crash succeeded crash, as the forest of timber below gave way to the superincumbent mass of earth, people ran hither and thither, and most of the work- men rushed to the claim. Then the cause was easily seen. The great cleft which severed the hill, studded and supported by hundreds and hundreds of solid trees ; the many drives, timbered and battened as securely as the hands of man could work, had all collapsed. Of course, all attempts to resume work for the present were per- fectly useless. The labour of years, the outlay of thousands of pounds, had all been swept away in an hour or two. The wreck of the works had been the most particular end of our trip, and now we stood on the brink of the great chasm, looking down on the debris. Trees, two, three, and four feet, in diameter had been crushed up and splintered like matches in the collapse, and still lay in terribly convincing confusion. Had the event happened only an hour later, at least forty to fifty men would have been buried alive or crushed into atoms. The Granite Company was ruined, and some time after our visit a new association, called the Prince of Wales Company, was formed to re-open the old workings. I believe it has been a remunerative speculation, for the claim was known and proved to be very rich. Having satisfied ourselves that the extent of the disaster had been in nowise exag- gerated to us, we returned towards the hay and corn store. On the way it occurred to one of our party that a loaf and cheese might be purchased at a store which, wonderful to relate, stood with open doors on our way. When making inquiries as to the possibility of getting such provender, we were civilly met by the owner, and supplied with biscuits in lieu of bread, every one in that Arcadia baking their own bread. Eventually, the obliging storekeeper gave us some of the staff of life from his own private stock, and further gave us to under- stand that he had some sherry. Though doubtful as to the quality of the white seal, we ventured, and found it might have been worse, and thus refreshed, we secured our horses, and made our way back towards Inglewood. Too long a time and too much space would be occupied in describing the glorious tints cast by the setting sun, of the fast closing twilight, the deepening shadows, and the black night. Needless to tell of our many fears, of how we took it in turns to lead the horses down the steep declivities and rocky sidelings, and how at last we got through Kingower, and, far on in the wee sma' hours, into the town of the scrub. Want of space, too, has forbidden me to talk over the hot droughty summer when Jericho—it was not reached by the route I have described then, but literally the miners had to cross the Jordan to get to it—was first discovered ; how the little birds died in scores by the dried-up water sources, how they flew into the miners' tents and drank fearlessly from the pannikins in their midst ; and how many a hardy man had succumbed to the overpowering heat, or was struck down by a coup de soleil. All this and much more of interest has been omitted, and I almost feel bound to apologise for the time it has taken us to travel over the twenty miles that lie between Inglewood and Jericho. By-and-by, when the latter is a favourite inland resort, and when rails and steam have shortened the distance and lessened the difficulties, some people may see the beauties I have tried to picture to them ; but much of the sylvan and unique character of the scenery will then be lost—not to be forgotten, however, by those who have once travelled over the most picturesque road in the colony. 