REVIEW.' The Humbugs of the World By P. T. Barnum. (Hotten) * THE Humbugs of the World by, tho greatest Humbug in the World! Here is a promising tille-page, Here is at last the right man in the right place.We have so long, been expecting the advent of the true author, tho coining mun for whom so many generotions.of reudors and i critics havo sighed, ,who should write on tho ! subject which ho really understood. , Coleridge said that the dullest man might mako au inter- esting book if ho would give his own experience, and disclose tho secrets of his own heart. That saying might be taken as a prophecy of Barnum. For.when we opened his book and saw the first page, " Humbugs of the World.- I. Personal Reminiscences," ,we felt that tho secrets of Bur- mun were about to be revealed. Tho absence of table ot contents and index kopt up tlio illusion. It was not till we had gone some way into tho volume that we found its real significance. In- stead of revealing the secrets of his vocation,, Barnum is pursuing his vocation. He has humbugged us again. Tho book is a more compilation by an American hack, put together carelessly and filled up without order or con- sistency. ' 'The Barnums of tho World, by A. Humbug, Esq.,' would be a fitter title for it, as it is not confined to humbugs in the strict sense of the term, and it is not by Barnum. We learn, indeed, from the first few chapters how Barnum humbugged others and was hum- bugged himself ; but after this we are taken to the spiritualists, to trade and business impos- tures, to money manias, to medicine and quacks, to hoaxes, ghosts, and witchcraft, to adventurers, religious humbugs, the oracles of Greece and the superstitions of the Middle Ages. - By what right M. Mangin and Count Cagliostro, the or- deal by fire and miscegenution, the Serpent in th Garden of Eden and Barnum in his own Museum, the Delphic Oracle and the modern medium, are brought within the compass of the same volume we cannot determine. We must leave this to Barnum himself, or the compiler to whom he has " loaned " his name. But as we cannot interfere with that act of loaning, we must speak as if Barnum was before us in person, and we must criticize his book as we should discuss the points of his woolly horse in a sporting newspaper. What, in the first place, is Barnum's definition of humbug ? Barnum himself would be our de- finition, but here we are at variance both with Barnum and his English publisher. Mr. Hotten informs us in a prefatory note; that " Mr. Bar num's whole career has been a very transparent one. He has never befooled the public to its injury, and, though his name has come to be looked upon as a synonym for humbuggery, there never was a public man who was loss of one." Barnum himself disagrees with Wobstor, and argues that Webster's definition of the word applies to cheats, impostors, counterfeits, forgers and pickpockets, rather than to the noble class of' humbugs. ' Warren, he says, placarded his blacking on tho Pyramids, but he did not cheat his customers. " He was a humbug, but ho was au honest and upright man." Genin, the hatter, who paid 225 dollars for tho first ticket at Jenny land's first concert and made thousands of dollars by it was a humbug j but " he is a gentleman of probity and of the first respectability." " In writing of modern humbugs," Barnum adds, ''I shall sometimes have occasion to give tho names of honest 'and respectable parties now living, and I feit it but just that the public should fully comprehend my doctrine, that a man may, by common usage, be termed a ' humbug,' without by any means' impeaching his integrity." Now it we put Mr.'Hotton's vindication of Barnum and Barnum's vindication of humbugs side by side, we shall see that the result' is anything bul satisfactory for Barnum. Mr. Barnum's whole career has been very transparent, and there never was a public man who was less of a hum- bug. But a humbug is an honest, upright man, a man of probity and respectability, a man to whom that term may be applied without by any means impeaching his integrity. Ho much the better tor the tribe of humbugs, and so much the worse for the one who is not wortby to enter it. ' As we range ovor history, with Barnum for our guide, wo find that the Serpent was tho first, und worst of all humbugs. " Tho most prominent heathen humbugs wore tho mysteries, tho oracles, the sibyls (N.B., the word is often mis- spelled sybils), and augury, Every respect able Pagan religion had some mysteries, just as every respectable Christian family has a Bible -and, as an ill-natured proverb has it, a skele- ton. It was considered a poor religion-a one horse religion, so to speak-that had no mys- teries." The oracle of Delphi is described as an American news-writer would describe a spiritual seance, and tho argurs are estimated by the amount of smartness they displayed, 'it is amusing to find Barnum quoting Cicero, and only makng tho slight mistake of crediting him with a saying of Cato's, and confusing the augur with the aruspex. Still more amusing is it to find the Dark Ages pooh-poohed by such an apostle of modern enlightment. After detailing the various kinds of ordeals, the ordeal by battle, tho ordeal by fire, and the ordeal by water, Bar- num sums up the whole question : " The whole business of ordeals is a singular superstition, and the extent of its employment shows how ready tho human race is to believe that God is constantly influencing even their ordinary private affairs. In other words, it is in principle like the doctrine of' special providence. Looked at as a superstition, however—considered as a humbug—tho history of ordeals shows how cor- rupt becomes tho nuisance of religious ways of deciding secular business, and how much more preferable is the system of separation in all matters of State and Church." But this really is too delicious. Is Barnum coming out as a rival of Mr. Gladstone ? Is he meditating a new work on the State in its relations with tho Church ? While this scorn is lavished on tho ¡ humbugs of the Middle Ages, Mr. Barnum hits a kind word for most of tho humbugs of tho present day. We must except the spiritualists, who for- feit Barnum's approval by their superior claims to honesty, and thoir want of thut amiable can- dour by which ho is distinguished. And wo mubl except those who defile grand buildings or beautiful scenery by painting up their pulls of quack medicines in letters of monstrous size and obtrusive colours. On these men Barnum is unusually esvere. " Any man," he says, " with a beautiful wifo or daughter would probably feel disagreeably, if ho should find branded in- delibly ocrosa hor smooth wbito foroheud, or on hor snowy shoulder in bluo nnd red lottors such a phrase us this : ' Try tho Jigamarco Bitters I' Very much Uko this is tbo sort of udvor tisiug I am speuking of. It is not likely that I Bball bo churgod^ith squeamishness on this question." Of course not, and thntgivos his cen- suro its value. We only hopo that ho bos not been forestalled by Borne more audacious puffer, or prevented by " the peremptory decision and clear good tasto" which ho commonds from porpetrnting tho atrocities which ho execrates. But wo have oftou wondered that he never found a way for advertising Barnum's Museum over the Falls of Niagara, or had it carved in enormous letters on tho Mer de Glace. In the same way, we are rather apt to fancy that Bar num's denunciations of tho spiritualists are owing to his not having hit on tho dodge himself. No doubt he never read tho account of the Serpent speaking to our first mother without wishing that he could have hired the Serpent to say, " Go to Barnum's Museum." What a splended puff he might have made of the Delphic Oracle ! If he had been an aruspex he would never have laughed in tho face of the other aruspex, but would have handed him wooden nutmegs. Thinking of the opportunities he has lost, naturally makes him envious. But let a man calmly admit that ho his a humbug, and the instinot of brotherhood in Barnum is too strong for any feelings of envy. How differently would the following have been told, if tho chief actor in it had not been a medium : "An old gentleman, apparently from tho country, one day entered tho room of this medium and expressed a desire for a ' sperit communication.' He was told to take a seat at the table, and to write the names of his deceased relatives. The medium, like many others, in- correctly pronounced the term ' deceased' the same as ' diseased'-sounding the s. like z. The old gentleman carefully; adjusted his 'specs' and did what was required of him. A name and relationship having been selected from ' those written, the investigator was desired to examine and state if they referred to one party. ' Wal, I declare they do !' said he. ' But I say, Mister, what has them papers to do with a sperit com- munication ?'-' You 'will see directly,' replied tho medium. Whereupon the latter spasmodi- cally wrote a ' communication,' which read some what as follows:-'My Dear Husband,-I am very glad to be able to address you through this channel. Keep on investigating, and you will soon be convinced of the great fact of spirit intercourse! 'I am happy 'in my spirit- home ; patiently awaiting ,tho time when you will join me here, &c.;, Your, loving wife, BETSEY.' - ' Good Gracious! But my old woman can't be dead,' said tho investigator, 'for I left her tu hum!'-'Not dead!' 'exclaimed tho medium. ' Did I not tell you to write tho names of de- ceazed relatives ?'-' Diseased !' returned tho old man ; 'Wal, she ain't anything else, for she's had the rumatiz orfully for six months !' ' ' Ghosts again ore very poor pretenders to Barnum. Hero aro a couple of stories of appa- rition's which could bo explained Î- ' " It is said that a Yankee tin podlar, who bud frequently ehcatod most of tho people iu the vicinity of a New England village through Aihich he was passing, was induced by some of the aeuto ones ^o join thom in ii drinking bout. Ho finally becamo stone drunk' ¡ and iu that condition these wags curried him to a durk rocky cave near the village, then, dressing them selves ' in raw-head- and-bloody-bone style, awaited his return to consciousness. As ho bogan rousing himself, thoy lighted somo huge torches, and also set fire to some bundles of straw, and three or four rolls of brimstone, which they had placed in different parts of the cavern. Tho pedlar rubbed his oyos, and see- ing and smelling all theso ovidoneos of pande- monium, concluded ho had died, and WOB now partaking of his final doom. Bul bo took it vory philosophically, for ho complacently re- marked to himself-,' In hell-just as I expected !' A story is told of a cool old sea captain, with a virago of a wife, who met one of these artificial devils in a lonely place. As the ghost ob structed his path, tho old fellow remarked-' If you are not tho devil, get out ! If you are, come along with me and get supper. I married your sister!'" But with a hoax like tho " Miscegenation" hoax, which, took-in all tlio American papers, and had a similar success uitli a portion of tho English press, Barnum can sympathise most fully. Ho gives a long account of tho origin of tbo pamphlet on Miscegenation, which was attributed at one time to Miss Anna E. Dickin- son, but was the work of three young gentlemen on the World newspaper. These, gentle men crammed the subject of ethnology from tho encyclopedias, just as Theodore Hook learned the article Agriculture by heart, and retailed it as conversation to an eminent agriculturist The theory of the mixture of negro blood with the blood of the white race, which was to renew the face of tho -world, was then propounded with an immense parade of knowledge. Most of tho American papers swallowed the bait, but for a time tho Herald held aloof, till some one waited on James Gordon Bennett and persuaded him to take up tho subject :— " Mr. Bennett thought tlio idea too monstrous and absurd to waste an article upon. ' But,' said tho gentleman, ' the Democratic papers are all noticing it.'—' The Democratic editors are asses,' said Bennett.—'Senator Cox has just made a speech in congress on it.'—' Cox is an ass,' re- sponded Bennett.-' Greeley had an article about it tho other day.'-' Well, Greeley's a donkey.' -' The independent yesterday had a leader of a column and a half about it.'—' Well, Beecher is no better,' said Bennett. ' They're all asses. But what did he say about it?'—' Oh, he rather endorsed it.'—'Well, I'll read the article,' said Bennett. 'And perhaps I'll have an article written ridiculing Beecher.' " We have now given a fair idea of tho cha racter of this book, and the extracts we have chosen are sufficient indications of its style. Mr Burnum has a certain number of personal recollections, and bus been naturally ready to hear, and quick to remember, all kinds of anec- dotes nbout his brothers in tho art. Ho has ] come across many people who have believed him when he humbugged them, and many more who have refused to believe when he has not humbugging them. He has had real curiosities and real stories to tell about them, and simm curiosities with sham stories to keep them company. But his present attempt at book making is tho worst of all his shams, as his fow personal recollections aro supplemented by a mass of stories which havo been told over und over nguiu, sometimes by writers with a name, sometimes by writers without a nume, but nevor by ono who took nnothor man's namo und all ot! cr mon's materials without keeping up the prostigo of tbo ono or doing justico to tho other. Wo uro quite willing to accept Barnum as the representative humbug, iu spite of his own and Mr. notton's disclaimer. But instead of being the History of Humbugs, this book is morely a contribution to tho mass which already exists, and which needs a chronicler capable of distin- guishing between humbug and probity, between Barnum and the scribe who takes Barnum's namo in vain.-Aiiietmmn. Tire OAIEDONIAN GAMES.-Drink a quart bottle of Scotch whisky, and you -n ill bo able, without any further instruction, to perform a Scotch reel.' May 21, is tho day. IN New Zealand tho boys and girls swim rivers and climb hills for the sake of going to school. In this vicinity they frequontly stay away from school to swim tho rivers and climb hills. "PA," Baid u fashionnllj-educated former's daughter, "Pa, if I should marry afarmor, what shall I do with my French !"-" Call the ohick- j ens, Belsey, call tho chickens !" HÜSI)ASD-MEN.-At an agricultural exhibi- tion in Massachusetts tho following toast was givon; Our fair sisters-in the langungo of tho orutor, " the host friends and most officient patrons of tho farmor, for they would havo oil mon to be tho best hmband-mon." IN the extensivo underground ltoora of a now barrack now erecting in Paris, tbo vaultings are boingformed with whatiscalled Beton agglomères, tho cxncfc composition of which is kept secret by the inventor, M. Coignet. Tho wnlls aro thirtoou feet apurt, and the concrete is laid on timbor centrings, nnd troddcu and beatou down with groat cure. The vault and flooring thus formod is about two feet thick at the spring of tho vaulting, but only about ten inohos at tho crown, and is found sufficiently strong for all practical purposes. It has also thisadvuntago, that the ceiling can at once be whitened and the floor laid with tiles or cement without further preparation. THE North American Review sayB, that thoro aro now in America and Burope moro than 150 manufactories of indiarubber articles, omploying from 400 to 500 operatives each, and consum- ing moro than 10,000,000 of pounds of gum per annum. Tho business, too, is considered to bo still in its infonoy. Certainly it is increasing. Novertholess thoro is no possibility of the demnud oxceeding tho supply. Tho belt of land around the globe, 500 miles north and 500 south of the Equator, abounds in trees pro- ducing the gum, nnd thejr can he tapped, it is said, for twenty successive seasons. Forty three thousand of thoso trees were counted in a tract of country thirty miles long and three .nillo. Each freo yiolds an average of threo tnblcspoonsfiil of sop daily, but tho trees aro so closo togethor that one man can gnther the sap of eighty in a-day. HAVOO OF THE AMERICAN WAK.-Some idea of tho terrible havoo of the American war may bo gathered from tho following figures ¡ in the desperate encounter at Chickamauga, Rosecrans lost 16,851 men, and at Murfreesborough 12,085 ; at Pittsburg landing Grant lost 13,573, at "Vicksburg 9875, and at Mission Ridge 7000 j at Gaines' Mills, Peach Orchard, Savage Station, Glondolo, White Oak Swamp, and Malvern Hill, M'Clellan lost 70,000 and at Antietam 11,-126 ; Hooker lost in his campaign in the Wilderness 20,000 ; Burnside at Frcder icksburg 12,000 ¡ and Grant's united losses, from tho time of crossing the Rapidan, in his final campaign, to the surrendor of Lee, are computed at 90,000. PIN» PníB-AiFLB MABMÀXADB.-Toko the largest, ripest, and most, perfect ipine- apples. Pore them, and out out whatever blemishes you may find. Weigh caoh pine-apple, (balancing the other seale,with an equal, weight of the best double-refined sugar, fin ely ¡powdered, at home. Tlio white sugar, that is.sold« ready-powdered, is generally so adulterated with finely pulverized starch, as to have vory little strength on sweot noss, and is, therefore, unfit for sweetmeats, as when made with'it, thoy will not'keop. I Grate the pine-apples on a large dish? using a large, coarse grater, and omitting the hard core that goes down the centra of each. Put the grated pine-apple and the sugar into a preserving kottlo, mixing thom thoroughly. uSet it over a modorate and very clear fire, and boil and skim it well, stirring it after 'skimming.' After the scum has ceased to appear, a til- tho marmalade frequently till it is done, which will generally be in an hour and a half < after it has como to a boil. But ii it is not smooth, clear, and bright in that time, continue the,boUing till it is., Put it, warm, into tumblers, or broad-mouthed glass jars. Day inBido tho top of each, doubled white tissue- paper, out exactly to fit, and press it down lightly with your fingers, round tho edge, BO as to cover smoothly the surface ^of the marmalade. Then paste strong white paper over the top of each glass, and set thom in the cool, dry plaoe, This is a very delicious preparation of pine- apple. / r , THE BEST WAY OF PsBSEEViNa PINE-APPUÎB. -Take six largo, fine, ripe pino- app'es. Make thom very clean, but do not poro off the rind, or out ofr the leaves. Put them, whole, into a very large and vory clean pot or kettle. Fill it up with cold water, ond boil tho piue-opples till thoy aro BO toudor that you can penetrate thom all through with a twig from a broom. Then take them out and drain them. When cool enough to bundle without inconvenience, remove the loaves, and pare off the rind. The rind and loaves being loft on, while boiling, will keep in the Ila vor of the fruit. Cut the pme-apples into round slices, about half an inch thick, extract- ing tho coro from the centre, so as to leave a round bolo iu the middle of orory slice. Weigh thom ; and to each pound allow a pound of double-refined loaf-sugar, broken' up and powdered. Cover tho bottom of a large dish, or dishes, with a layer of tho sugar. On this, place a layer of pine-apple slices ¡ than a layer of sugar ; thon one ot pine-npplo ; and so till tho pine-apple slices are all covered ; finishing .with a layer of sugar. Let them Btand twenty four hours. Then drain tho slices from the syrup, and luy them in wido jars. Put the syrup into a clean preserving-kettle, and boil and skim it till the scum censes to rise. Then pour it hot upon the pine-apple. While still warm, cover tho jurs closely, and pa'sto papor over them. Thoy will be found very fine QUINCES may bo proservod in a similar man- ner j first boiling them whole, with the skin on ; then pooling thom, and extruding the cores ¡ then slicing tho quinces into round, thin piceos, and letting thom stand twenty-four , hours in layers of sugar. Boil tho syrup, and pour it over tho quinces, after they.nrcin the jurs. Save tbo parings and cores, aild also soma of the water in which tbo quinceB wero boiled. Weigh the boilod cores and parings, and to euch pound allow a balf-pint of the quince water. Sot thom over the fire, in a clean kettlo, and boil thom, till dissolved as much as possible Then strain them through a linen bog. To each pint of juico allow a pound of loaf-sugar, powdered. Having washed tlio kettle, put in the sugar ; pour on it tho quince- liquor ; and boil it till it becomes ii jelly. Try it, by hold- ing a spoonful in the open air, nnd, if nU is right, it w ill congeal very soon. SOUE THROAT.-Toko a glass of olivo oil, and half a glass of spirits of turpentine, mix them together, and rub the throat externally, wearing flannel round it at the same time. It should bo applied in tho early stages of tho disease to in- sure entire success. Sweet oil will answer equally as well. ' CnABlTY OF THE RAT.-A Sussex clergyman testifies as follows :-" Walking out in Boino meadows ono evening, he observed a great num- ber of rats migrating from one place to anothor. Ho stood perfectly still, and the whole assem- blage pnssod close to bim. His ustonishment, however, was great, when ho saw amongst tho number on old blind rat, whioh hold a piece of stick at ono end in his mouth, while another had hold of tho other end of it, and thus con- ducted his blind companion. A kindred cir- cumstance was witnessed* in 1757" by Mr. Pur dow, a surgeon's malo on board the Lancaster. Dying aw uko ono evening in his berth, ho saw a rat enter, look cautiously round, and retire. Ho boon returned, leading a BCcoiid rat by tho eui-, and which appeared to bo blind. A third rat joined thom shortly aftorwurds, and 'assisted tho original conductor in picking up fragments of biscuit and placing them before their infirm purent, as the blind old patriarch was supposed to be." 