ROME AND ITS SAINTS. On .Wednesday, May 16th, at the girls' school room, Upper St. James'-street, Brighton, the Lord Bishop of Southwark gave one of the most interesting and instructive lectures which it has ever been our good fortune to hear. ? The sub ject chosen by his Lordship, 'Rome and its Saints,?' was worthy of the right rev. lecturer, who was long a resident in the Eternal City. His graphic description of various localities with which he is intimately acquainted arrested and riveted the attention of his auditors, while his suavity and gentleness of diction pleased and fascinated them without subduing or. dispelling the effects of his Christian earnestness, which occasionally roused their enthusiasm and elicitel their applause. To a Christian mind Rome is not simply a classical city, renowned for all that ennobles, mankind, but it is a holy city, the type of the. Heavenly city, the home of 'saints;.. Tra dition tells us that when St. Peter would have fled from Rome, our Blessed Lord arrested his footsteps by appearing to him and expressing the interest which He felt for the city. There was the Church, planted and fed with the blood of many martyrs and saints, instructed and trained by many holy confessors and virgins, and protected from what we may term the age of the catacombs to the present by the Spirit of Truth, the Holy Ghost, who will continue to guardjier to the end of time. As the sacred relics of the early martyrs were placed in the cata combs the words of the Apocalypse seem applicable :—' And they cried with a loud voice, saying : How long, O Lord (holy and true), dost Thou nofc judge, and revenge our blood on them that dwell on the' earth ?' When, however, a generation lived who might appreciate their worth they were nobly avenged ; for the despised and tortured witnesses of ;the faith now glory in the sight of God, with their souls, while their bodies and relics occupy places becoming their sanctity, and receive the respect and veneration due to -them. We thus become intimately associated with the saints, and, as Father Faber beautifully ex pressed, 'The dead live again in hearts that love is filling.' In this country Protestantism has not been able to eradicate the association- of f the saints from the minds of men, as witness the names of places, &c;, but this association or memory is not of that grateful nature which is exhibited in so lively and beneficial a manner in Catholic countries on the festivals of saints, and which is nowhere seen to such advantage as in Rome. At the various shrines in this great city one feels in company with one and all of that ' grand Christian army whose vanguard was led by the Apostles and whose rear, on the 29th of June' next year, will be brought up by many martyrs and others who will then be canonised by his Holiness in commemoration of the mar tyrdom of SS. Peter and Paul, eighteen hundred years since It would be impossible to do jus tice to the right rev. lecturer, but amongst many other pleasing incidents it may be noticed that the younger portion of the audience appreciated highly his Lordship's anecdotes concerning St. Philip Neri, while their elders' applause showed that the encomiums which were lavished upon the Oratorians of London and Brighton, and which would have made their members blush, had any been present, were well deserved. After allud ing in a very kind and charitable manner to a few misconceptions which Protestants have con cerning the Ccitholic doctrine of relics, he pointed out their probable cause or origin, and exemplified, his view by taking the accepted Protestant statement concerning the three heads of St. John the Baptist, showing how the mistake might have arisen, not from a bigoted but from a careless observer or writer of Catholic usages. His Lordship concluded by adverting -to the power of the intercession of saints, illustrating, with examples, from his own personal experience. The Very Rev. Canon Reardon proposed a vote thanks in his usual happy manner, interspersed with many humourous remarks. He was ably seconded by Mr. Colgrave on the part, of the congregation, and the vote was passed by accla mation. The Rev. Joseph Styles, President of the Brotherhood, thanked his Lordship for the Brothers. Dr. Grant then gave his blessing and withdrew, leaving a most favourable and lasting impression upon all who had the honour of being present on that occasion. : Search for Sunken Treasure. — The Ply mouth, England, Western Morning Neios makes the following statement : ' Upwards of eighty years ago, in the winter of 1784, a vessel bound from Spain was totally lost with her entire crew, by -being driven on a stormy night on the rocks at. Gunwalloe, in Mount's Bay. The vessel was known to have an immense quantity of specie on board in Spanish pillar dollars ; arid ever since, after violent gales, dollars have been picked up in the neighborhood of the wreck. Two or three companies have been formed for the purpose of recovering the bulk of the silver, which is known to lie deposited within, a very circumscribed area ; but the undertakings were not vigorously pursued, and after a time were abandoned. One of these parties many years since attempted to recover the treasure by means of sinking the shaft in the rock in the, shore, and driving an adit from its bottom seaward to get under the spot where it was supposed the hull of the vessel lay imbeded in the sand, shingle, &e;'. ; but this was abandoned without result- Lately a company has been formed, and they have decided on making another attempt. They have communicated with the Admiralty, and received formal permission to prosecute the work ; and this summer they hope to secure the long-coveted silver. : Mr. John Toy went lately with two men to- the place, which ever since the wreck has borne the name of Dollar Cove j and the tide being low they proceeded to clear up the mouth of the old shaft. It was filled in to a depth of about six feet with large bouldes and shingle, and they had not worked long before they, picked up eight dollars. Two or three were very brightly scoured by the sarid, while the others have sand so firmly at tached to them that it will be difficult to seperate the coins from it. Some bear the date .of 1782, and others are older, while the dates on some are quite illegible La France states that the Duchess.de ..Morney is occupied in arranging the political papers of her late husband. On the day after the- Dukejs death all the papers were, according to the custom in such cases, removed to the Tuileries. ' After examination the Emperor has restored the greater number to the Duchess, and particularly those which have reference to the coup ditat. : It turns out that the supposed loss of the little brig Vision, in which Captain Donovan announced that he was going to Europe, and actually, sailed, was a humbug. Donovan , quietly landed .at Nova Scotia and kept dark, .while- his wife' collected $20,000 of the companies in which her husband was insured;' ; ;'! ' ''?'? ''' '? J-'n 'lJ) /[°'n ! *««'. 