FREE TRADE. ! Vert few educated mou imagined a few years ago that they \\\'ould over again bo callod'tipou to maintain aud defend the principles of Free Trade. These wero believed to have passed aivay into aromatic truths, and Protection was looked upon as a dead carcase, fit only to lie anatomically prepared and used for scientific purposes, or recorded historically as ono of the extinct popular delusions. Instead of this, the Ghost of Protection has not only ro- appeared. but is walking the groater part of the earth unchallenged, though, like all ghosts, destined to vanish at the approach of real light. Its votaries havo declared that it is in herent in human naturo, but they ought rather to say that it is inherent in human ignorance find rapacity, while on tho other hand Free Trade may be defined as inherent in common sense, though it must be admitted that that most uncommon quality is invisiblo amidst ignorance, aud only makes itself felt as know ledge advances. Hence wo find that Free Trade depends entirely for support on tho en lightened middle classes of England, tho Emperor of the French, who lins gone as far as ho can go at present, but would gladly go further, and tho Kingdom of Italy, which has had its perceptions quickened by necessity ; ivliile on the other baud, Protection is the dream of " the intelligent working man," so often talked of and so seldom seen oven in England, the reality alike of l'roo and enligh tened republics, like the American, as well. as the worn out dynasties in Europe, and, worse than all, even of some British colonies, and these not the least important — Canada and Victoria. Eree Trade was defined by a, lead ing British statesman as tho principle of buy ing in tho cheapest and selling in the dearost market j but it appears to us as susceptible of a far wider definition, such as the principle of turning tho labor and industry ot nations to the best account by sotting theili to do that whiqh they can do hotter and cheaper than their rivals. If; is no dream to anticipate that it will accomplish this, for it is proved by his tory that at oiio timo it did so. When tho Romans had succeeded in making themselves masters of tho then known world, aud estab lished peace and free intercourse with every part, not tho least important advantage that was obtained was the dovolopoinent of the pe culiar and distinguishing qualities which cha- tlia rliUWAnf. nnvf.iniin of nmnim It was then demonstrated that it would bo more profitable for Italy to aid tlio institu tions of naturo and become a great pastoral and fruit growing country, and leave the culti vation of corn to Sicily and South Africa ; tlio extraction of minerals from their ores to Spain ; find tho culture of the vino to Gaul. Tho permanency of these pursuits in these ' countries to ' this day is the best pt proofs that . the ancients woro right, . pud : the pame principles aro already' beginnipg to apply fit the present time, and we doubt not will, in spito of all opposition, be triumphant. Free Trade has already bogun to revolutionise the industry of England. There never was a country where the import ance of corn-growing was more loudly aud persistently enforced thau there. By the aid pf guano and other artificial manures good prpps of wheat Ayerp .grown on Salisbury Plains, but an open market shewed it would pot pay, and wheat is now restricted to tlio rich loams and the limestone pastures are vexed no more. Now it may be Jmped, nay, cpnfideptly expected, that Free Trade will, if carefully preserved and maintained, do this and much more for ps, By its aid tve shall bp' enabled to distinguish between our pastoral and agricultural land, and find out tho proper altitpde for the productions of the temperate £pnes,.and the spots where tropical produce tions are most iWy to he successfully culli- yat.ed. In our vast find varied territory wo piay find in our great table lands- corn grow ing districts as large as the, plains of Poland, Cptton fields equal to those of tho Southern StataB, sugar plantations, compared to which those of the Mauritius and "West Indies piay he but specks, as wo have already found pas- tllFPS ipu'ivfilled jn any part pi tlio world. '"Wo .may. find our Italy in, tlio Peninsula of Carpentaria, ns the Russians found theirs in .tho Crimea ; for wo placo littlo value on tlio roports of our exploroi-s whose powers of com parison aro gonorally limited to their oxpori- onco in stations. For the rcalisatioi. ol' tlicso and niauy other advautagcB, we must sedu lously disseminate among our people a sound kno'wiodgo of tho principles of Political Economy, although this must appear a liopo- less task wlion wo lind leading Ministors of State so utterly ignorant. Still if we do not succeed, wo shall bo shorn of half our strength. Aupro is. as nt mo use ana as groan a waste 01 power in mon. trying to produce what will not yield an adoquate rotnru, as thoro is in settiug them to build pyramids or aiiy other usoloss works ; hut in a new country tliero is always an extra difficulty in getting into tho propor groove, and wo contond that it is tho duty of tho Govornmont to uso their utmost efforts to neutralize this exceptional difficulty by fostor- ing new industries and encouraging those who will undertake to Btart them. This we shall horoaftor show thoy have done only in" a very small niggard and. partial degree ; aud wo shall tako the liberty of pointing out to them what industrios thoy havo all but neglected, and how far thoy could and ought to redouble their oll'orts in behalf of those which they pretond they are eager to support. Theatricals. — Tlio oxcitoinonb attending tlio pei - forinimcos of tlio Star Company continues unabated, and promises, if crowdod houses aro. any criterion, of its duration to lust out tlio term of tlio Troupe' a visit. Probably this feoling, independent of tlio cxccllonco of tlio company, owes much of its strength to tho fuut that in all likelihood wo may he without any theatri cal amusement for tho next twelvo months, arid that wo may us well now miiko hay wliilo tlio sun shines! It is vuro, indeed, that suoli artists as Aliss YVardo. Air. Rogers, and Air. Vinson, nro to bo found out of metropolitan precincts, and wo think that a very liberal patronugo should bo oxtended to tnlont of this class, which certainly runs hotivy risks til trusting to our appreciation.. It Bliould bo borno in mind that as wo trout so shall wo bo treated. AAro havo always' pre dicted that talont would recoivo its guerdon amongst, us, and wo think that so far our prediction has boon verified. Almost ovory evening sinco Air. Vinson oponod tlio house, it has boon paokod likod liorrings, and tlio oll'orts of tbo company applauded to the echo. Our readers should remember it llioir expectations liavo not boon realised to tliero fullest extent, that tlio fault docs not lio so much with tho notor ns with 1 lio pioeo, and Mr. Vinson labours undor a vory serious difficulty, which tho pulilia probably overlook ; his Company must necessarily bo limited, and, with tho oxcoption of Aliss AVurdc, Rogers, and himself, in capable of playing any other thau subordinate parts, consequently, unless tlio thrco nnmod could double, tow ol tho attrnclivo comedies or furcos of tlio day can bo produced, and this restricts tlioir repeloira to suit tho capacity of tho rest of tho company. A notable instanco of this occurs in tho "Hunchback," in which much of tbo effect of Julia's exquisite pathos, was ab solutely butchered in cold blood by the Sir Thomas Clifford. Our admiration of Miss Wnrdo's dramatic powers rose iu proportion as sho ovoreamo obstacles of proportions whioh liavo jloored somo of tho greatest tragediennes (lint ever troil tho stage. The great Aliss O'Neill flounced off tho boards bcuuusc her lovor wus cold. Aladumo Arcstris boxed the cars of tho Dublin manager, Caleraft, for not providing her with a proper lover ; ami tlio immortal Alalibrnn driven to despair from being compelled to drill Tomplclou into the lendrcsse necessary for the part of Jiloino in " Somniunbulii," exclaimed nt last with frantic gesturo, before which tbo cautious and impassive .Scotchman retreated — " Moil Dion 1 AI011 Diou 1 Monsieur Tqom-pel-tom — que font il J aire — aro you von stick? Can you not embrace mo lis ive you loured me?" And certainly Air. Douglas played Sir Thomas with n cliill that would make 1111 iceberg shiver — cold and content — "As a carral Lady on aWmiumcnt." He evidently has not the remotest conception of tlio golden coin bo is playing chuck farthing with — and to us appears studying for either tlio Ghost in Hamlet, or a pose plastique. How Aliss Wnrdo thrilled lior uudiouco with hor exquisite delineation, wiliisiu:h 11 Refrigerator before her, wo know not, but that sho was eminently successful the repented and impulsive acoli- liintions of. the Ifouso fully testified, who seemed to npprcciiitcsomoofthosciiicoiuidfino touches of iirtwhich every now and then electrified tliom. Miss Wardo enters heart and soul into tho author, and follows his genius' with tho fidelity of a shadow — if impassioned, sho is never tempestuous — if guiet, novor dull or monotonous — tho innor workings of tho mind through ils mirror — the faeo— can bo trneod like tlio lino siuows of tho racer, and in lior most ambitious flights she is ovor true to naturo, and it is mainly to this causo sho owes hor hold upon the sensibilities of her audioneo. Mad she been played up to by Sir Thomas, 11s sho was by Master Valler, it would not only havo boon a relief to herself but to her listeners. Air. Vinson oxcollod himself upon this occasion, and looked and noted tho character to perfection. In the Di ike da Chart res, though ho had a good concoptior. of tho part, ho was somewhat deficient in that dignified libertinism from wliieli'tlio manners of Bonis tho Sixteenth's time took their tone. In "Naval Engagements," .as Lieut. Kingston I10 was good, but forguts our hint about dressing light comody parts, particularly tho Hyperion locks, which aro some times worn with great advantage in pourtrnyiiig youthful parts. As Admiral Kingston Bodgers was out of liis element, but cannot fail to please put him whoro you will ; and wo think, could it liavo boon possible for Aliss Wardo and Miss Ai-not to havo climigod places, tho characters would havo lookod moro natural, for, in this instance, had Aliss Amot nttomptod to havo dressed to look tlio character of an old woman, sho would have simply axipoarcd ridiculous. Mr, Douglas quito took us by surpriso in Dennis, which I10 performed in a stylo that draw down repeated plaudits from tlio houso. Alany young actors mistake tlioir peculiar bout. Biston first appeared ill tragedy, and littlo Iveoloy as Jlomeo, till tho convulsions of tlio audioneo convincod tliom that thoy were out of tlioir lino, nnd wo linvouo doubt from tlio originality displayed by Air. Douglas in " Navnl Engugomcnts," that lio will yot find out liis. In tho AJWUI Ul u A»A«3 , ITUiUV HIM ILUU naive, entering fully into tho espiegierie of tho' cha racter, in which Vcstris was nlways 60 onclianting, but wo think, charmingly as sho sang " I'vo 110 money," wo could dotoet a eortain flatness, which slightly nuirrod its effect, To night wo observe that " Tho Old Guard," by Dion llourcictiult, is to bo producod. Tho part of llaocrsaelc , ono of Napoleon's old soldiers, is difficult, and requires vory careful handling, while that of Lord- Jieaueitle can only be rendered by a man who has trod tho boards for yours undor good oxiunplo and tuition. » The Cornstalk. — Air. Crook, wo porooivo, oponshis Alusio Hall to-niglit, with a strong company imported from Alolboiu'no. Tho great improvements effected iu tlio building, during liis ubsoneo, will aid much to tlio attraction of this popular placo of amuscniont. The Turt. — Tlio followiug liuitohoB liavo boon entered into to tako placo on Wednesday noxt. First — Botwoon Sain Speed's Dusty Sal, and Johnny's Alicky Free, for £20 11-sido ; onco round the course ; tho formor to carry 9 stone, and tlio latter II stone, Next match is botwoon Hcidy's Siuicopan, and Sam Marshall's Guil'or Croy; onco round tlio course, for £10 a-Bido. St. Patrick's Day,— A moo will bp. run for £50 tt-sido between A Archibald's Qnartpot, and Johnny's Micky Freo; tlio pony carrying 8 stono, and Alicky Frco 12 stono. Aluch speculation has already boon ontorcd into 011 this rnco. Qnartpot is vory fuulty in starting, and seldom gets away for half-a- milo. Whilst Alicky Free lias at all times boon successful in boating his oppononls, mid ranks high with tho sporting world, however, tho owners of oithor horso'sooin sanguine of success ; but wo await tho issue of Saturday noxt, wlion the raco is to tako placo, at 0110 o'clock sharp. AIeat you England. — Wo undorstand that Air. Edwards is about applying for a patent for tho now process of preserving animals for food by Pormoation and Immersion, adapted to tho climatrical influences of a tropical climate, >vhorc in nu atino9plioro saturated with moisture, if tlio temperature stands from 70 to 80 degrees, putrefaetipn goes on rapidly. Tlio condi tions under which Mr. Edwards propose? to counteract pill refuel ion are by olianging tl)o cliomjci|A natqro of tlio nzotized juices, abstraction of tho contained wator nnd abstraction of tlio oxygen. Tho chemical change wjiioh Air. Edwards effects is by coagulating tlio albumen with a powerful antosoplio, easily niado on any statioq, and at a losq.oost limn common salt. So fur as' wo can undorstand, tlio dillbrbiieo botwoon Dr. Alorgan's pro- boss and that' of. Af r. : Edwards is, that Dr. Morgan i- injects through tlio l«mH. wliicli is difficult to iiiiinipu- lato, wliilo Air. Edwards' is l;iiiu«a\, ii„, narotid artery, by which' tho preserving solution is retained 111 tlio most valunblo portion of tlio animal, whoroas in Dr. . Alorgan's process an undue proportion goes to tlio lioad and thorax of tho beast. A process of immersion noxt. follows, whioh oU'ootually sooures it from all attacks of flioB or obhor insects. Tho materials omployod for pro- BOl'ving meat can all bo mndo ' economically' oil any cattlo station, on inoxhanstiblo supply of 1lio rttw material being ill ways at hand. . Tho procoss is economi cal in uso, and simplo and olionp iii construction. Wo undorstand that Air. Edwards is now preparing speei- mons of liiiiiiimnlia and birds tor 1110 tortluommg Exhibition, whioh will present all tbo features of tlioir normal condit ion. Amongst tho speeiinons aro kanga- roos, flying foxos, aud tho marsupials, but what is of moro oonsoquonoo to tlio colony half a dozon tiprcos of hoof ourod undor tlio now procoss. Tlio liavoo mado by the contiuuiinco of tho cattlo discaso in England should induce speculation in tlio moid curing process, tho succoss of wliiob .wlll infallibly bo attended with immonso profit to tho"bolony, and lond to raise tlio value of squatting proportios boyond tho fondest dioums of avarice. . Business of the District .Court. — An! error oropt into our last issue in rcforonco to tho arrange- mont mado by his Honor Judgo Innos, for tho l louring of tho Civil cases. The order, to bo observed was that the lioaring of tho jury cuubcs would lio. takon up uflfcor bearing tho undefended cases, so as not to detain tho jury. 