The Advertiser. MONDAY, JANUARY 8, 1866. ORIGINAL REVIEW. [Communicated.] CHRISTENDOM'S DIVISIONS. This is, in the truest sense of the word, a Catholic book. The Author is one of that num-<*> ber of gifted men who went from Oxford to Rome at a time when the tendency of religions thought in England wore a very ditterent aspect from its present one. Many of those who seceded, especially the Oriel set, were distin guished for their brilliant scholarship. Of course, they were followed by a numerous tail, who showed neither the intellect, the research, the profound knowledge, nor the sincerity of the leaders of the "movement," as it was emphatically called. Though holding, as we do, that the Church of Bome-is not tho exclusive: repository of truth—nay, that its teaching is erroneous —we conceive that the leaders of tiie movement had only one logical conclusion to tiieir premises, and tbat was to join tiie Church, which some of them did join. With their peculiar ideas of the Church, the priesthood, authority, tradition, they could not keep, as they once proudly hoped, the " via media" Of those who took part in that great secession the one we are least disposed to grudge to the Church of Rome is Dr. Manning. He has | spoken ont once and again, and made no secret, of his conviction of tiie nonentity of eveiy i Church, as such, other than his own. He is noisy and sarcastic, and has no charitable feel ing toward those who differ from himself. Dr. Newman has still a kindly remembrance of the Church of his first love, and is as superior to Dr. Manning in charity as he is in intellect—no slight measure of difference. The author ofthe present work writes of the church, of whose ministry he was once a member, in language which shows that io becoming a Soman Catholic he has not cut himself off from that universal church which, we believe, does exist, composed of diverse creeds and communions. We will offer one extract from the Union Review (No. EX., p. 304): — " Let nobody quit the Church of England for the Roman Catholic Church on any other ground than of a distinct call from God to do so. ***** So long as a man can go on honestly and undoabtingly before God in the Church of England, let him be thankful for his lot, and do his best to serve Christ in it, and not be moved by any taunt or arguments of his fellow men." Strong language this, and contrasting favorably with. Dr. Manning's pastoral, wherein he compared the Church of Borne in England, to the Apostolic Church in Pagan Rome. Mr. Ffoulkes has taken for his motto an adaptation of the well- known passage of Terence, which now reads— ■* Christianns sum, Christiani nihil a tne alienum puto." That is to say, he claims communion with "all whe profess and call J themselves Christians ;" for as he sees that from the earliest times Christendom has been rent and torn by divisions, eo he is alive to the broad fact that succeeding ages have been marked by overtures and attempts to restore a visible inter communion. We are promised, as a sequel, a history of the different reunions which have been projected np to the present time. One fact is noticeable, that these reunions have failed, yet they have been persisted in. What is the pos sibility of any subsequent reconciliation can only be arrived at from tan -examination of the divisions of Christendom. This ia the object of the present work. The sequel will show to what causes past failures are assignable. One charge Mr. Ffoulkes brings, and brings justly, -against universal Christendom, that it has been disputing and expending a vast amount of apparent learning upon passages of acknow- ledged intricacy, respecting the infallibility of the Church, the supremacy of the Pope, Apostolical succession, inherent or imputed righteousness, original sin, baptismal regenera tion, and the Heal Presence, and arriving at conclusions based upon the literal sense of two or three isolated passages, while forgetting ihe new commandment, of constant recurrence, that we love one another ; as though, to use his ex quisite comparison, a man who could not construe his 'Delectus should "lecture on ihe Speeches in Thucydides, the Choruses of Æschylus and Euripides, the Satires of Persius, or the Annals of Tacitus." We have been disputing, too, about the hierarchy, which is but a means to the sacraments; about the sacraments, which, are but a means to union. The sources of union have been made the sources of division. The charge against England is that she retired irom the Amphictyonic league of Chris tian nations, as if she had no concern in any Christianity bat her own; that the feature of progress, if, as alleged, absent from the Church of Rome, would have been present had England remained in communion ; that, under the Protestant theory of quot gentes tot ecclesiat, there can be no Catholic Church at all upon earth. The necessity of one Catholic Church upon earth, to oar thinking, remains to be proved. But we shall have more to say on this subject hereafter. We will at once proceed to give a rapid sketch of our author's views, deferring our own remarks till the close. As the Bible differs from other books, so does ecclesiastical history from all other historical narrative. All history, received as a whole, shows one great design traversing and sustaining it throughout. Bat the special characteristic or ecclesiastical history is its continuity. We hare only two revelations of God's will given to man, the Jewish and the Christian dispensations, the Old and the New Testaments. Between the two, as between their history, a sustained parallelism exists. The ceremonial of the one was typical of something bepond it; the promises on which they leaned, had a wider meaning for others than themselves. The Christian religion is but the matured expression of the Jewish religion. The Christian ceremonial is the spiritual antitype of the Jewish ceremonial. So in their history— in the career of the Jews as one people, in that of the Church as another. The Jews had, first their Judges, then their Kings; the Church, its Fathers and Popes.' The last institution corre sponded in the fatal schism which was the result common to both. The schism between the East and West, the Greek and Latin Churches, had its type in the division between Judah and Israel. The Israelites sought a king, because that was the form of government they saw around them. The Church looked out upon ihe world and saw an universal empire, uniting the most diverse nations, assur ing life and property to its citizens, reposing upon a scale of graduating magistracies, culmi nating in a supreme head. While the Church was persecuted, and without hope iu the world, her eyes and hopes were concentrated in the future and unseen world. That which sufficed for the * Christendom's Divisions ,- being a Philosophical Sketch cf the Divisions of the Christian Family in Bast and West. By Edmund S. Ffoulkes, formerly Fellow and Tutor of Jeans Coll., Oxford. Apostolic Church, sufficed for her. Christendom was a collection of local Churches, meeting upon emergencies in representative synods, that type of Church government which the Greek Church, the Latin, the English and Genevan, though differing in all besides, in doctrine and polity still cherish and uphold. Wben Christianity was taken into protection by the Empire she entered on a new phase. In her enlarged sphere, with the precedent of her magnificentally before her, she learned to centralize. The Churches of a single province, represented by the bishops, wonld meet in the capital. The bishop of the capital would be appointed President. These meetings, first occasional, would become periodical. The pre-, late of the capital came to be known as Metro-j politan. To him would be entrusted the duty ] of executing the laws made by the Synod. Bishops of certain Sees became to the Metropo litans of a number of provinces what each of I these Metropolitans had long been to the Churches of his own province. Three Sees were thus distinguished, and ranked according to their civil precedence—Home, Alexandria, and Antioch. Thu?, before the conversion of Con stantine, the Church was fairly committed to principles of Church government and subordi nation of officers, which could have only one end—an Ecclesiastic! Monarch. When the Soman Emperor conceived and i carried out the plan of calling all the bishops of Christendom together to pronounce quoiiens de reliyione ayitur, the natural question arose, which of the three great Sees should pre side P To Some it was accorded from her pre eminence as a city, and Apostolic origin as a See. The next step was easy—to delegate to Borne the same executive powers over Christen dom that had been already delegated to Metro politans over provincials, to patriarchs over | diocesan churcbe?. Aud though it appeared at first as if the supreme government of the Church had passed into the hands of the con verted Emperors,'.though the first -Ecumenical Council originated with the Emperor, and those designated CEcamenical by Eset and W est were convened by imperial mandate ; though the Emperors constituted themselves a Court of Final Appeal for all parts of Christendom, assuming the power of legislating in matters of faith, and of even overruling the judgment of a a full (Ecumenical Council, still there was kindling in the heart of all Christendom a yearning for some ultimate appeal of a more congenial nature. From an early age the prerogatives of Some were conceded. Councils passed canons in favor of appeals to Borne. Fathers of the Church dwell in glowing terms upon its foundation by the two greatest of all the Apostles. Its own Bishops always imagined themselves possessed of pecu liar rights. For the titles which other prelates assumed, when accorded to them by the canons, they substituted the more distinctive ones of Successor or Vicar of St. Peter, Pope, Pontiff or Apostolic Prelate. But, perhaps, what might have appeared at the time the step most likely to sap the ecclesiastical future supremacy of Rome, was that which put the keystone to the arch. We allude to the transfer of the seat of Government from Rome to Constantinople. Constantine, in breaking the traditions of 1000 years, declared that he did so jubente Deo. Was he indeed determined by a higher influence ? Be this as it may, certain it is that as Rome ceased to be the metropolis of the Empire, she came to be the metropolis of Christendom. As the orb of the ecclesiastical power of the Empire set, so did the sun of the spiritual power of the Church rise. Now the most ultra- Protestant may safely allow that this new power, the papacy, was at the time, and for some conside rable period afterwards, necessary to Christianity. At the same time, Roman Catholics may, if candid, allow that Papal supremacy was not an essential article of the law of Christ, else why was it dormant so long; why were the early converts dispensed from it? The honest student of history will allow that it became a necessary ordinance, from the nature of circumstances; that it fulfilled its part so long as there was occasion for it,- but that the occasion has long gone by. As a mere belief, sentiment, conviction, Christianity must have gone down in the wreck of the Roman Empire, and the invasion of the barbarian. To use the words of Dean Milman —we need scarcely add a staunch Protestant— "To Western Christianity was necessary a centre standing alone, strong in traditionary reverence, and in acknowledged claims to supremacy." While arguing for the necessity of a recog nised visible Head as necessary for the existence of Christendom, and its maintenence in cor porate unity, our author can picture an ideal of a better and more perfect Church. And we will give it in his own words * — " I sincerely believe myself that a Church without endowments, without civil privileges, perfectly detached from the world, hotly perse cuted from time to time without any distinction of precedence amongst its ministers outside the sanctuary, without any supreme head in or out of "the sanctuary but One, who is there wor shipped in faith as ever present, is ihe loftiest and most evangelical idea] of a Church by far; and that to a certain extent, this was actually exhibited in the Church of the Fathers, at least of the three first centuries. But I greatly doubt whether this is not a Church more fit for the cloister, and one to which the world at large would never have been drawn or belonged." The prerogatives of Rome were scarcely fully recognised before the East and West became two different Churches. Mr. Ffoulkes, follow ing out the analogy between tiie Jewish and Christian dispensation, regards schism in each case preordained as a judgment for sin. And certainly the horrors of the ninth and tenth centuries, the vice, debauchery, profanation of the holiest mysteries and rites, were enough to call down vengeance on the Church, whose Ministers were guilty of such iniquity. A second cause of the estrangement was the tem poral possessions and temporal pretensions ofthe Papacy. The third cause, on which both.sides! have laid so much stress, was the addition to the creed. "It was from the first a twofold question, and in neither point of view has it ever had justice done to it. There is 1. The addition to the creed of the words ' Filioque.' There is, 2. The doctrine implied in those words of the double procession of the Holy Ghost." What is there in the fact of an addition fo the creed—what in the doctrine of the double pro cession which staggered the Eastern mind, and drove it from communion with the West. The creed had been fixed, once for all, by one of the greatest Œcumenical Councils of the East. As a rule of faith East and West adopted it unani mously; but before its formal adoption by the West, it was interpolated by one local Church, and in this form adopted by all the other local Churches ofthe West in succession. The East could not allow the change. The West would not give up the dogma. "The East could never really gainsay the doctrine which that addition involved. The West had never any satisfactory reply to make to the charge of adding to that creed, or those words " (p.p. 63-64). The fons et origo mali must be due to some deep-seated cause. There must have been some thing in the mental bias of East and West, re spectively, which made the one think union with that dogma impossible—which made the other sever herself sooner than yield it up. " Why that doctrine was of so much more intrinsic moment to the West than it was to the East, I must now gather up all my strength to to explain" (p. 64). We will do our best to summarise our author's explanation of this momentous fact in the history of Christendom. The general truth committed to the collective Church by God was to baptize and save souls —the special truth committed to the Churches of the East and West, that of eliciting and in terpreting Christian truth in its two great branches of theology and anthropology—re vealed Divinity and redeemed humanity, or. ihe redeeming God, and the redeemed man. Now, when the West took the lead which the Eastern mind, exhausted by long centuries of hot contest with theological heresies, was compelled to re- sign, it chose for its motto—for its own distinc- tive badge—the double procession of the Holy Ghost, as being the very corner-stone of Christian anthropology. The question involved is this. Was the work of Christ completed by his death on the Cross And was the Holy Spirit sent by the Father to complete that work which the Son had only achieved in its objective parts ? Or, had He been sent by the Son likewise? "This question, could it have been simply put, must have been answered by the whole Christian world with one consent in the affixma- tive. But the Greeks, ever sensitive where the integrity of their creeds and canons was con cerned, ever instinctively carried off into the regions of pure theology, saw directly that there was another, aad a still deeper question involved in it; namely, the eternal procession of the Holy Ghost, as distinct from, what was after wards called His temporal mission" (p. 70). " The East, with its gaze fixed npon the God head in its triplicity of person, co-eternal and co-equal, tbeir relations and order of preced ence among themselves, held intuitively to the idea that the Holy Ghost proceeded from the Father alone." * * * " The West, with its gaze fixed upon the Godhead in its relation to redeemed man, argued on behalf of the double procession" (p. 71). ' " The Greeks had taught how Christ had been conceived by the Holy Ghost when He was made man; the Latins had to teach how men were made members of Christ in every age, par takers of His humanity and divinity through the same Spirit" (p. 72). Here we see each following out its respective mission. This difference, this symbolism ofthe respec tive Churches, is traceable in tiieir treatises, their councils, the subject matter of tiieir canons. But we must pass on to the next great schism which subdivided the West, when Luther sounded that trumpet which echoed and re- echoed through Europe. In the fourteenth or fifteenth centuries, called by Father Dalgairns "the most unprincipled centuries of the Christian era," the world and the Church were hurrying on to an almost hopeless state of corruption. Everywhere was arising a cry for the reformation of manners. But ob stacles came in the way, and the cry became fainter, and, as was thought, died away. "At length Luther arose, and, in direct contrast to all the mere reformers and declaimers against abuses in Church and State that had preceded him, raised the critical question— ' How am I— the living, intelligent, responsible, indivisible agent—justified? How do I participate, per- sonally in the redemption that hiss been wrought for man'" (pp. 95,96). We are not exaggerating when we call this appeal the knell of the middle ages. It was a direct pointed thrust at the individual con science of every separate member of the Christian family. "The Middle Ages had been the reign of authority and of the body politic; now was about to commence, by comparison, the reign of experiment and individuals". (p. 98). It called upon every living conscious "I," not as a member of the Church, whose indivi duality was merged in their corporate existence— not as sheep, whose safety was the care and con cern of their shepherds—not as dogmatists who would take authority, or tradition, or -the de cision of councils, and doctors, and Popes, to guide them in their reply. It set man on the one side, and God on the other; and called upon man to answer to his own soul how that soul, when standing naked and disembodied before God, stripped of its priests, its ceremonials, its councils, and canons, its penance and vain repetitions, should plead justification before - God. It was a question which no doctor of the Church, no Œcumenical Council could settle to the satisfaction of the individual soul. It was a question which taught every serf that he had a soul for which Christ had died. It taught every Pope and every potentate that he stood before God equal, in his need of justifi cation, with the serf. It was a question which brought out personal responsibility, throwing down the wall of partition which the Middle Ages had built up between God and man- The cry for Reform the Church might, as she had before, stave off. The question of the general corruption of manners might arise ocea sionally in certain ages and under certain circum stances; but the question of justification was the question of all time and for every soul. The Church must now speak out or for ever-hold her tongue. Yet for years she kept silence. " For twenty-five long years Luther had been teaching his peculiar doctrine of Justification by Faith, unconfronted by any specific declaration of the Church at all on that head; and he died at least six months before any had been pro mulgated or even arrived at" p. (157). Luther's teaching may be dated from 1530. The Council of Trent met December 13, 1545. Luther died February 18,1546. The decree on Original Sin had gone forth June 17,1546. Mr. Ffoulkes sees a striking parallelism between Luther and Mohammed, "in character, in nationality, in time, and mode of appearance" p. (149). " In one fundamental respect alone were the Arab Seer and the German Reformer diametrri cally opposed; the one repudiating, the other — with all his enmity to the Church—with all his might supporting the Divine claims of its Founder.' Our author very happily hits off the cha racter of the two, when he designates Mohammed as Antichrist, Luther as Antichurch Luther's real heterodoxy—for of course it is thus characterized by the author—consisted in this—He unchurched the Church. In open. defiance of the Catholic Church he walked out of the choir, and took up a position in the nave. "Had the Church become so hopelessly corrupt in the days of Luther as to justify his fundamental position that there was no Church at all to belong to but what oould be recon structed, with baptism for .its determining ordi nance, and faith for its exclusive principle ?" ( P . 126). Mr. Ffoulkes decides in the negative, and appeals to the experience of 300 years, Faults are admitted on both sides. The Church could not have been wholly unimpeachable, " otherwise it is inconceivable that Protestantism should have been so long and so often, even providentially upheld as it has been." That the Church was corrupt to the core no Roman Catholic need be averse to confess. That an honest and hearty desire for reform was shared and expressed by Doctors and Councils, Cardinals and Popes, it is ignorance in a Pro testant to question. Witness the Councils of Pisa and Constance ; witness the words of Pope Martin V. to our own Henry VI; witness toe words of Nicholas V.; witness the bold and burning words of Simon Begnius, Bishop of Modrusch, uttered at Rome, in the T-fi-W-w".. in full Council, face to face with the Pope. But the golden opportunity was lost. "The Pope must have been sending off that fatal bull which set Tetzel in. motion just as he closed the Council, March 16, A.D. 1517" (p. 141). Had tiie Council of Trent been antedated, or had tiie Council of Lateran done what was afterwards done in-the Council of Trent, "Christendom might never have been rent or needed another" (p. 141). Even the Council of Trent did not -effect that desired purification of tfae Church. Its disci plinary decrees were never completely accepted in France. They left the Court of Rome un touched. Within a hundred years of that Council Rome had become too much like what she was of old. The abuses which in 1676 Innocent XI. had on his election set his face to amend are referred to as existing in S. Alphonso Liguori's letter to Cardinal Castelli, dated 1741. Yet, trom the time of ihe -reformation the See has boasted a succession of good men. It was the system that was corrupt, and never purified. But it is time to turn to Protestantism and its works. " It has not succeeded in making men bettor Christians than they had been of old. On the contrary, it has reconciled them to a dwarfed and hybrid profession of faith; to practice rarely rising above mediocrity; and so far it has defrauded a large portion of mankind of untold blessings, which, from never having experienced, they hold cheap, but which those who have returned to the communion of the Catholic Church, and have experienced, may claim to be allowed to estimate at their proper value" (p. 191). * *? Its other services are described as much more negative than "positive in their general aspect" It has done much for Biblical and general criticism: in this last fellow workers with Catholics. It has worked out inductive science, its special work as deductive waa of the Middle Ages. Thus it was that the Church of England in the eighteenth century began a work which none other could have done so well—the Roman Catholic Church not at all—tiie refutation of Deism. For the controversy was one "to which authority could have nothing to say * * * reason literally matched against reason, on grounds common to both" (p. 197). Rome could only condemn Deism by a decree as contrary to the teaching of the Church; grounds which Deists would not concede, dis puting the authority. The Church of England could refute ihe arguments one by one, proving Christianity to have been a divine revelation in the strictest sense ofthe word. It is time to pass on to the position of the Church of England as laid down here. In ihe eyes of Roman Catholics "It alone, of all Christian communities in the West separated from Rome, has exhibited any signs of growth or development on, a, large scale, or done work worthy of the name, whatever may be its pecu liarities" (p. 201.) And to what do men like Mr. Ffoulkes and De Maist** attribute thiaP Hear the words of tiie latter :— " I should place the hierarchy before dogma — to so great a degree is the former indispensable to the maintenance of the faith. One may cite in faeor of this theory a splendid experience which for three centuries has been conspicuous in the eyes of all Europe. I mean the Anylican Church,tchick has presented a dignity and weight absolutely foreign to all other Reformed Churches, entirely because the English good sense has pre served the hierarchy." The Apostolical succession of the Bishops of tiie Church of England, and the value of that succession, has been always a leading trait in the hands of a large portion of that Church. The validity of Anglican orders has been over and over again admitted by Catholics. When Pius IV_ called npon ihe Council of Trent to declare " that tiie Bishops assumed and created by or under Elizabeth were not"lawful Bishops" the Council wonld come to no decision; had, indeed, expressed opinions " that it was certain that Bishop? did not depend on the Pope as regards order; that it was doubtful whether they depended on him as regards jurisdiction." But the adoption of our present Book of Common Prayer, and the publication of the Thirty-nine Articles, were in our author's opinion an unpardonable, unjustifiable breach with tiie past. It was equivalent to a condemna tion, as it was a throwing aside of the old liturgies and service books that had been the spiritual food of our forefathers. Again, it leaves questions of doctrine so open that two sets of learned men in the Church of England will contend—the one that a point of doctrine is laid down, the other that it is not. We see in it a wise desire to comprehend differing, but not m&cessarily; antagonistic opinions. But men of Mr. Ffoulkes's stamp of mind, men imbued witt," tile Roman Catholic ideas, cannot under stand this latitude. They must have, extenally,at least uniformity, the deadliest foe of real internal unity. -■- By tiie Thirty-nine Articles the Anglican Church committed treason againsc Christendom. It withdrew firom the.federal ties of the closest nature which had united it with the Catholic Church, without the smallest reference to the < opinions of the rest of Christendom, in defiance of tfae General Council of tiie West then sitting, to which it hadbeen summoned, it challenged all the doctrines it had up to this time accepted— doctrinal and practices held by ihe collective Church: - We have then more than a mere quarrel witiT?bme. It was a breach with our forefathers, with the entire Western Church, past and pre sent. So the Church of England is schismatical in the eyes of all good Roman Catholics. What has been its history since ihe 16th century P As it. then assumed a position of isolation and nationality, so its Prayer Book and Articles have been adopted by no other nation. As it east .off authority so it has never been able to act or speak with any authority: But by being free to use the inductive method, it hiss done for authority what authority never could have done for itself, It has fumbled the ablest writers on the evidences of Christianity. " The lives of individuals in the Church of Eng land, their devotional works, their practical piety, tiieir charitable works, tiieir princely munifi cence, tiieir Christian homes, and family prayers, and Christian Sundays; their love of tram, tiieir high intelligence, their reverence for the Scriptures in spite of all tiieir peculiarities or shortcomings," all bear witness to the vitality of tiiat Church (p. 227). After aU " Either schism can be no obstacle to a vast amonnt of Christian seal and piety, or the Church of England is not in schism." There were extenuating circumstances. Foremost, the de moralization of the age. England did not secede, nor did Luther, nor Melancthon, for secession's sake. The contest between Catholics andProte3tants, ' says Moehler,-witt glorious impartiality, 'sprang otd; of tiie most earnest endeavors of both parlies ? to uphold thetruth-^-the pure and genial Chris- l tianity in all its integrity" (p. 229). t "The zeal of Protestants haa been for the , auttority of the Bible, tbe zeal of Catholics for t -tte authOTityTSftte Church—one founded, the { other inspired, by God!" (p. 229) i Excuses onr author offers for tte Church of r England. These are—tte efforts made by 1 Catholics to regain ascendancy for the Catholic < religion in England; the frantic policy of James ' II.; tte onedifying intrigues of Catholics; the ' occasional oppression of the Church by tte - Crown; tte providential task assigned to her of ' building up Christian truth in the way she has ' done. All these lead fo tte hope ttat tte guilt ' of her schism has not been so incontestable as ', the-fact. - We come now to what is, after all, the scope j ■of tte whole work—tte possibility of reunion , between tte Churches of England and Some. | Is it to be effected P and if so, by what means P ■ " Let Protestants," says Moehler, " acknowledge t their present errors, and Catholics tteir past s corruptions." t The members of both Churches are brethren ■ by baptism. It is not Christianity ttat has I divided Christians. Its very essence is unity. . We may aee by the many attempts towards re- J union—repeated in spite of failure— the instinct, as it were, implanted in all Christians at their ' baptism, that will not let them restwhiledisunited ' and estranged. But tte dross of earth has been ' mixed -op witt all those hitherto projected re- \ manna, and weighed them down. "Even in their fit-lures ttey are valuable, as J evidencing how few points there are, in reality, which divide Christians except their prejudices; t and they are still more valuable as evidencing \ tiie glorious comprehensive spirit which pervaded < Hoe minds of some of tte greatest ornaments of < Christianity and civilization combined ttat ever I lived: of Grotius, Bossuet, and Leibnitz, for - instance, who—besides otter incomparable ' works—have bequeathed three, between them, ■ destined to become text books in any reunion ' of Christendom ttat might be now or at any ! future time contemplated." So far our author, j Is it, then, an aspiration which a reasonable man may cherish, that once again Christendom, j as it possesses one hope and one baptism, eo also j ■hall have bat one frith? That the barriers , which now divide the Christian world should be , broken down P That the lines of demarcation , should be blotted outP Or is it but a dream , which tte hopeful may indulge in without < harm to themselves, but without prospect j of realisation. In tte sense in which Dr. ' Newman and Mr. Ffoulkes would under stand reunion, ttat is reincorporation into tte Soman Catholic Church, looking to Eome as the source of truth and tte final appeal in matters of frith, while Borne maint-aina her present creed, we earnestly hope that neither we nor those who eome after may ever lire to witness it. Not can we conceive it possible. Protestants and Boman Catholics would both have to make too great concessions to effect that union which neither would nor could. The Church was not one jn tte day? of tte Apostles. Even its faith was not one—strictly speaking. The Apostles them selves -viewed Christian obligations under dif ferent aspects. How can we who are so far removed from them, expect to realize what they never succeeded in, what is reserved as tte special work of Christ himself—the presenting onto God a glorious Church without spot or wrinkle-? Still there is a unity to which we calmly trust we are all tending. There is one Christian ordi nance which awaits us at our birth, which has few conditions attached to it, which unites us all under one common name. Let us quote tte beautiful words of Mr. ffoulkes:— "It may be administered by women as well as. men, laymen as well as clerics, heretics as well as orthodox. Any water will serve for it; any form of words, so ttat it be in the name of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, is held sufficient. Any age, any sex is capable of receiving it. Its recipients need not be conscious of any dis position at all, provided they are not consoious of adverse dispositions. There is next to nothing of Church in all this—it conducts to Christ as im mediately as faith itself—which it must often precede; for, though a Sacrament, it requires no active co-operation on tte part of the Church whatever for its valid administration. One who bas been east out ofthe Church may administer it, so tfaat it cannot be cancelled even by the -Supreme Head of the Church." Kindred words to these is that magnificent utterance Gf Martin Luther: — " Benedictus Deus et Pater Domini nottri Jetu Christi, qui secundum divitias tnisericordia sues hoc nnicum sacra mentum servavit in Ecclesia sud ttlibatum et in contaminatum a constitutionibus kominum liberum-que fecit omnibus gentibus, omnium que hominum ordinibus. Nee passus'jsst et ipsum teterrimis quatxtus et impurissimis supersti tionum portentis opprimi. Eo scilicet consilio usus quod parvulos qui avaritia et superstitionis capaces non sunt, eo volv.it initiari, et simpli cissima fide Verbi Sui sanstificari, quibus el potissimum bodie prodest baptistnus." so again' may we be one at the end of oar life, one in the hope on which we fall asleep, one in the belief which we all share in that eternal world which will dawn upon ns as the fashion of this world fades from our eyes in the darkness, of death, and where alone may we dare to hope to see that perfect and undivided Church, which can know no diversity of doctrine, for it will be ever in the presence of its teacher, which will have no need of the lesser lights of bishops and priests, for it will live in the light of him who is ite sun and high priest. But from the cradle to the grave we must be content to carry onr treasure ia earthen vessels. The light may all be derived from the same sun. But the lamps wherein we carry it must differ as must the oil with which tiie light is fed. 