A LADY'S DIARY OF THE 14th CENTURY. The following extract from the Journal of Queen Elizabeth Woodville, before her marriage with Sir John Grey, is taken from an ancient M:S. in the Drummond Gazette. It gives a curious picture of the great in former, times. After Sir J. Grey's death, she became, in 1465, the Queen, of Edward IV. On the accession of Henry VII., who had married her daughter, she was con fined in the nunnery of Bermondsey, and died there, but was interred at Windsor :— Monday, 9th March—Rose at 4 o'clock, and helped Catharine to milk the cows; Rachel, the other, dairymaid, having scalded her hand in so bad a manner the night be- fore ; made a poultice for Rachel, and gave Robin a penny to get something comfortable from the Apothecary's. 6 o'clock.—The buttock of beef too much boiled, and the beer a little of the stalest. Memorandum—To talk to cook about the first fault, and to mend the second myself by tapping a fresh barrel directly. 7 o'clock.—Went to walk with the Lady, my mother, into the court yard Fed 25 men and women ; chided Roger severely for expressing some ill will at attending us with broken meat. 8 o'clock.—Went into the paddock behind the house with my maid Dorothy, caught Thump, the little pony myself, and rode a matter of six miles without either saddle or bridle. 10 o'clock.—Dined. John Grey, a comely youth, but what is that to me. A virtuous maiden should be entirely under the direc- tion of her parents. John ate but little, stole a great many tender looks at me, and said, "Women never could be handsome, in his opinion, who were not good tempered." I hope my temper is not intolerable ; nobody finds fault with it but Roger, and he is the most disorderly serving man in our family. John Grey likes white teeth ; my teeth are of a pretty good colour I think ; and my hair is as black as jet, though I say it; and John, if I mistake not, is of the same opinion. 11 o'clock.—Rose from table, the company all desirous of walking in the fields; John Grey would lift me over every stile, and twice he squeezed my hand with great vehemence. I cannot say that I should have any objection to John Grey; he plays at prison bars as well as any country gentle- man, and never misses church on Sundays. 2 o'clock.—Poor Farmer Robinson's house burnt down by accidental fire. John Grey proposed a subscription for the benefit of the farmer, and gave no less than £4 himself with this benevolent intent. Memorandum —never saw him look so handsome as at that moment. 4 o'clock—Went to prayers. 6 o'clock.—Fed the hogs and poultry. 7 o'clock.—Supper on the table ; delayed in consequence of Farmer Robinson's mis- fortune. Memorandum—The goose pie too much baked, and the pork roasted to rags. 9 o'clock.—The company fast asleep. These late hours very disagreeable. Said my prayers a second time, John Grey dis- tracting my thoughts too much the first time. Fell asleep, and dreamt of John Grey. ———— JOCKEYS AND THEIR EMPLOYEES. — A squabble between the Marquis of Hastings and Grimshaw, the jockey, has given the uninitiated an insight into the duties and earnings of the small men who ride for the great stakes of the English turf. Lord Hastings was Grimshaw's first master—i.e., when his lordship started a horse for a race Grimshaw was bound to ride the animal, being at liberty ; when his first master did not want him, to ride for anybody else who would employ and pay him. For this service Lord Hastings gave Grimshaw a retaining fee, of £600 a year, paying him besides £5 for each race won, and £3 for each race lost, and his travelling expenses. The jockey's income from these sources and from presents made to him by backers of winners ridden by him is computed to have been between £2,000 and £3,000 a year. But a jockey's life is laborious, dangerous, and often brief. In order to obtain eminence in the profession, clear brains, strict honesty and sobriety, and a stout heart, with a very lean and active habit of body, are required. We read last [4] week of a lad being called upon to "waste" seven pounds in twenty-four hours, and doing it. The young animals which jockeys have to ride are often vicious and difficult to manage, and the temptations to which their honesty is exposed are extreme. Lord Hastings dismissed Grimshaw because he re- fused to ride a colt which he deemed unsafe. — Pall Mall Gazette. A BILLIARD TOURNAMENT has taken place at Memphis, U.S., between Roberts, the English, and Kavanagh, the American cracks. English, Freneh [French], and American games were played, and all were won by Roberts. A WRITER in the Guardian mentions, in re- ference to the strange combinations of names which frequently occur in the London streets, an instance which will interest literary men. Within a few doors of each other, in High street, Camden Town, reside four tradesmen, named respectively Pope, Swift, Addison, and Boswell; and not far from them lives another who rejoices in the name of Tom Paine. SINCE the conviction of Constance Kent for the murder of her brother, further mis- fortunes have fallen upon this unfortunate family. Mrs. Kent has been seized with a paralytic affection, by which she is deprived of speech, and is now bedridden. This additional calamity has quite overwhelmed Mr Kent. EPITAPH ON A CLOCKMAKER IN LYDFORD CHURCHYARD, DEVON.— "Here lies, in a hori- zontal position, the outside case of George Routleigh, Watchmaker, whose abilities in that line were a credit to his profession. In- tegrity was the Mainspring and prudence the Regular of all the actions of his life. Hu- mane, generous, and liberal, his Hand never stopped till he had relieved distress. So nicely regulated were all his Motions that he never went wrong except when set agoing by people who did not know his Key; even1 then he was easily, set right again. He had the art of deposing his Time so well that his Hours glided away in a perpetual round of pleasure and delight, till an unlucky minute put a stop to his existence. He departed this life Nov. 14, 1805, aged 57. Wound up in the hopes of being thoroughly cleansed and repaired, and set agoing in the next world." The above it is said was written by the man him- self. A FEARFUL ALTERNATIVE.—A correspon- dent sends to Land and Water some particu- lars relative to the lumbermen of British North America—one of the hardiest races in the world—and relates the following incident: — A lumberer, noted for his great, stature, immense strength, and firm- ness of character, was at work one cold day in January in the forest alone. He was engaged in splitting open a long trunk of green hard wood, driven in alternately so as to extend the rift or opening in the tenacious fibres of the tree. Although the day was bitterly cold, the woodman's exertions had caused him to perspire freely. He paused for a minute to wipe the moisture from, his brow. While turning to replace his handkerchief in the pocket of his coat, which hung on a stump beside him, he did not notice that the wedge which held the tree open had been gradually loosening and working its way out. In the act of resuming his labour, his left foot, which had been resting on the tree, slipped into the cleft, and at this critical moment the wedge was forced our with great voilence, and, shoot- ing high in the air, fell at some yards distance' in the snow. Instantly the halves of the tree united with such fearful force as to crush and mangle the imprisoned foot. So intense was the agony at first, that nature was overcome. The strong man became insensible and fell against the stump, which sustained him in a nearly vertical posture. When he recovered consciousness an appalling alternative lay before him. All efforts to withdraw the bruis- ed limb were fruitless. Night was coming on. A few hours in his present position, with the temperature several degrees below the freez- ing point, involved, certain death. A quarter of a mile distant a road wound through the forest. His only chance lay in reaching that road, and being rescued by some chance pas- senger, or his companions returning from work to the "shanty" in which they camped. His resolution was soon taken. Methodically the brave fellow removed his neckerchief, and bound it with all force around the left ankle so as to check and almost impede circulation Then raising the heavy, keen, glittering axe high above his head, he struck mercilessly, with the strength of despair, below the liga- ture on his own flesh, once. The trenchant stroke divided nerve, muscle, sinew, and bone. The foot was severed. He was free. Fortu- nately, when he had with great difficulty neared the road through the wood, he heard the faint tinkle of a sleigh bell, and, having made his shouts heard, he was rescued by a party of passing travellers. His hardy con- stitution enabled him to rally from the effects, of a wound that would otherwise have proved fatal. NEWSPAPERS STATISTICS.—The following we have tabulated on the authority of the Newspaper Press Directory, for 1866. There are now published in the United Kingdom 1257 newspapers, distributed as follows:— London ... ... ... 226 English Provincial ... ... 707 Wales ... ... ... 43 Scotland ... ... ... 139 Ireland ... ... ... 128 British Isles ... ... ... 14 — 1257 Of these the Dailies are:— England ... ... ... 52 Wales' ... ... ... 1 Scotland ... ... ... 12 Ireland ... ... ... 12 British Isles ... ... 1 — 78 THE Professorship of Greek and Latin in the Baker University, Kansas, U.S, is accept- ably filled by Miss Martha Baldwin, a gra- duate of the Berea (Ohio) University. She has occupied the chair for a year, and at the last commencement was selected by the faculty to deliver the annual address, which duty she performed very handsomely. She is but twenty one years of age. IN the course of a discussion on the Army Estimates in the Commons, it was brought out that a commissariat officer in the camp at the Curragh, being in want of a pair of bellows had not yet been supplied. Thirteen officers were employed in this business of the bellows, some of them writing several letters on the subject. THE CATTLE PLAGUE RETURNS.—The latest cattle plague returns show that of the counties in England, Wales, and Scotland, twenty-two counties remain free from the disease. In thirty-seven counties no cases have been reported as occurring during the week. Sixteen counties and the metropolitan police district show an increase of 900 cases. Twenty-nine counties show a decrease of, 1,157 cases, showing a total decrease during the week ending March 17, 1866, in England, Wales, and Scotland, of 257 cases, as compared with the week ending March, 10, 1866. A MALICIOUS "GHOST."—At a ball recently given in Berlin, on the seventeenth birthday of the daughter of one of the noblest families, a mysterious figure - a monk masked —entered the saloon precisely at midnight, and disappeared after having presented the young lady with a basket of flowers. On examining the contents, an ebony coffin was found, inlaid with silver, containing a bridal wreath, an arrow piercing a lily, and a paper, on which was written—"A greeting from the world of shadows." Though the mother became insensible, the young countess did not lose her presence of mind, but continued dancing, and betrayed no emotion whatever. A gigantic aquarium, it is said, is to be among the wonders of the Paris Universal Exhibition. The front alone is to measure 100 feet; every sort of fish is to be collected therein for the amusement of the public, and even sharks, cod, and porpoises are to exhibit their peculiar habits and customs in grottoes and caves, which are to be excavated in the floor of the building and filled with sea water. The French Government have adopted a system of communication by means of elec- tricity between railway passengers and guards which is at once economical and effec- tive, and the Minister of Public Works has by a circular letter ordered its adoption on all the French railways within a year from this time. The following prayer, according to the Monde, was composed by the Pope himself. The original is in Latin:— "Protect this city, O Lord, and let Thy angels guard its walls; in Thy mercy hear Thy people; turn away Thy wrath from Thy people, for we are threatened by the league of our enemies, who glory in their strength. But crush their power and scatter them, that they may learn that none but Thee, O Lord art fighting on our side." The manufacture of the new Atlantic cable is making satisfactory progress, being turned out at the rate of 100 miles per week. In the year 1865, 20,625,308 of home made spirits paid Excise duty in the United Kingdom as intended for beverage, an increase of more than 400,000 gallons over the quantity in 1864. The increase occurred in Ireland. The following mode of storing grain is pursued by the Russian farmer. A pit is dug in the ground, in a well-drained place, and the sides hardened by a long exposure to fire. Before, the grain is introduced, straw is ignited in the pit to purify and dry the air. The grain is thrown in and packed close. It is said to have been preserved in this way 40 years without deterioration. THE MARQUIS DE BOISSY'S LIFE DES- CRIBED BY HIMSELF.—A writer in the 'Evenement,' who went to the Marquis de Boissy to obtain some particulars for a biography of that gentleman, states that the noble senator addressed him as follows:— "You want my biography. It is a very simple one. My school studies were very restricted; I had a mortal dislike to Latin and Greek, and from childhood I always displayed extreme independence of bearing and thought. My father wished me when 19 years old, to enter the King's Body Guard. I obeyed him ; but if I was fond of riding I had no taste for the stable, where I was compelled to do duty once a week. I therefore only wore the sword just long enough to fight 20 duels. Having been a peer of France under Louis Philippe, I have lately taken again to the tribune, imbued with the precept that a good citizen ought to think more of his country than of any party flag. I am pious without cant; I would not miss a mass for a million, but I would not confess myself to a priest for an empire. People pretend that I am rich ; that is pos- sible. At all events, I use my wealth rather for others than for myself. I like to give splendid receptions ; per contra, I never ask my valet to bring me my great-coat, for I serve myself . . . and if I do not make my own bed, it is because I could not do it properly. I am no student; I have no stock of books. All I know I have learned from experience, which is the best of books, and gives men sincere convictions. Many of my colleagues study beforehand the sub- jects on which they mean to speak in the Senate. As for me, when I rise I never know what I am going to say; and when I descend I never know what I have said. However, I never forget one thing, which is, that I do not speak to my colleagues, but that I address all France. I am often in- terrupted when speaking ; and yet I always manage to say what I wish, for I am tenaci- ous and obstinate. I may be beaten per- haps ; but I shall never be discouraged. . . But I must leave you now, as my somnambulist is waiting for me upstairs." This last declaration has reference to the practice of the noble marquis to consult on his health every day of his life a woman who was in his hotel, and who he believes to be extra lucid. THE QUEEN'S SPEECH AND THE ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.—A gentleman connected with the Electric Telegraph at Paris makes the following curious and interesting remarks upon the transmission of Her Majesty's speech. He says that he read the Speech sooner than he could have heard it. He knew the last word ten minutes after he received the first, and only five minutes after the speech was concluded, for the transmission commenced as soon as Her Majesty began to speak. If the sonrous voice of the Queen could have been heard across the Channel, it could not have been heard so quickly as through the medium of the electric telegraph. Sound does not instantly pass from one place to another. Calculating 333 metres per second, sound would require twenty-one minutes to traverse the space. If, then, we could have heard the voice of Queen Victoria here, it could only have been in twenty-one minutes and some seconds after the words had been pronounced. Thus, by an originality of science electricity brought us the Royal Speech much more rapidly than the sound of the words could have reached us. The whole speech was known in Paris before the inhabitants of Lon- don could know the contents of it.—Sun Correspondent. ——— GRASSHOPPER.— A negro preacher once observed to his hearers at the close of his sermon, as follows: — "My obstinacious bredren, I find it no more use to preach to you dan it is for a grasshopper to wear knee- buckles." "Working for Bare Life" is defined to be making clothes for a new baby. AN AWKWARD HORSEMAN.—Coleridge was a remarkably awkward horseman, so much so as generally to attract notice. He was once riding along a turnpike road, when a wag approaching noticed his peculiarity, and thought the rider a fine subject for a little sport, when, as he drew near, he thus accosted the poet, "I say, young man, did you meet a tailor on the road ?" "Yes," replied Cole- ridge, "and he told me if I went a little further I should meet his goose." 