THE NVEIW ROYAL CLA..IM/ANT. (Continued ronm our last.) We willjust take old George III., and some oif his sons as illiastratory subjects. It hIas long Iern the prevailing, opinion, eIa'wcially amrog tihe lower orders at borne, that the King was lawullly married to the ireutty q,,rak"reai Hannah Lightfoot. Per Ipls thte Inmsent trial may prove the justice of this opiouts Iy the exposure of "some "secret bacts" whliclh hate hitherto been snluppressed. It so, b3 his marrying Qseen Chsrtatt,, he wan guilty of biglamy, and his childress became illeg iti-iate. But thie Ipoor King wa .,o afflicted, that even in his more lucisi inervcl hlie was is lnli iunatie, and althrugh hib being permittel at suot times to trans. ft tl t most ,important bupiness, was felt to be fraught with di-ustroles cone quence t,.the nelatin at large, still it was tolerated thean. Advantagrse was frequently taken of this infirUity, to wheedle Isln into comamission of act., a same mUin would shrink Irom, and on these grounds some mrouse masy be ead ftr biss. Himself and Ili, wile Work reported to bavs mst an' esspi!e of piety .to everylpareat i hie doulalom-t b, ie odeot r.f I4 Lis sn at znaturi tc iid att -04 fir} ao of te Sni atr-l ducts of a ;n'o.ua funuw:Atis i in 2Jtriwr sdte tor, aL e ritil pre s.endtl a5e. Ie we' i' I -r--ur: !r eI resiei. The rost i-' s ,i t Ti . ou.binacy Ocu Ly Citl subjttt, "_ o?n mlae-er:s a- W?u,d lb a %usl t ined joke, r et a sir,ke of iit thfi titklrd hit fancy. tWe lit ai aneicote from asewory to . a _tr thiu- . WVe b-lirve it was at the tC.Me ci the AgeriCran ar, len the grrnn wE c: JoIrd ZNorfb wmar about ap ointi.g Cesar a mr s to ettil, ;twH tOrre ot peace, \-- zee: :sti x$ .ip one dclay ubwitt-d a blank t o bei t Le ring to be !fil-l up, in \--iw.-r a ,G-.emeet tomos-t, thie king Siwa~r ; I aI ers- to, L"WlxOe neame shAll I s :. -ptC? i ? se i flon with, Sire" me-k-ly n~, ae\ .tih " W?1 - the name of ther S_~.n?'~ : eg - is wsj-Msy in a fury. "And \- r t- Pr-a Itas cad- ril aer t-eloved nee c r suran- e ? -LJ " 1 nquxresd w itaper. \- tia zx-:i. r The kih's rare uas g ne n i<u.a A moat, an: barse?yag a ith laughter, he , 1.a i- D tre d!i faef VLr t iLU er el es=he, t ae wCea1 t ere aSgtdi any t:.ig ir dam an.tixg be w as reqested. to do. Ssh was t -s eak ness and sli net. But ahi? sai! we say ot, Li, elde-t son, to driine :r-gcs, att±erardJ George 1V. S ~awi~iA e?.? trum i- chiadtood, he grew psa .s estate s ibhdt a sI?park of man hod aa·at saim It isa. wiil pialarly beirtred trat aia cueai?eSd a criome worty of drain in s ihn Siger i rrs. As he arveante in i t his I h !ieame tveartalr dievelopeI. A Ie0 i asni tus,'b. of i4e ,il.et J.c-iption, a buerE aqd en1rinrcipj d sed? e r of ilnli S ieer, i? thl ikta of amran, and throgbh !r thediem of the mooSt abionted of iLns-r. w?os, a detravedt gtbe r, r e keeper of a Lsg g ael jii, dlh&y; by rncltinaion, andl S-t" b habit, t is royalJ moTeter, tlis so mei --"Erc. geaherson in Europe, was no Sthneer thAlt te isert of pign It mightr icare toSn tr i said dTuring Le regec , Lhat jFca~eadd a Terklib nut an Englisb o.ur.. Ih etate hleueit and the whole of his r4 rn4uiEtS. Usete of LDte meet al e*Cie disepor i ins-. lie, taO, wla gaidtr of bigamy, for tner s sow little daobvt that he was married I e Mrs.. Fmse-rrtot Bst his cbharater was I so aiasas in aeery point of view, tUat there remains ssort of it to enal sr. His con d8ct trnwA s lib p:,t wive, , e sattortanate Qaeea Carolina Iroves Uhat a wretcj hbe mart bae bees, ad what a alnd of a bus. baid awe Lag bet a caueli si- . On thfe aery bridal ight, the per Qersa relates, be slept on ier lir of the nuptial chmLber all might, dred dreakl, mikh his head enner the grate of the fre eiace! A ray of hope gli mha red apro se aat0on, when his daghter the truly amiable Princeasea Carloae wa born, it sbone brighter the day she became the site of trince Leopold, .serwarards King of the a Belgians, and ualounded was the joy of all l-asses sLea it was iDoaenced that the irinc sa was safely cslivered tl a sun. e Al.s! the deepest gloom but too speedilyI flllowed that outburst of joy when it wes suddenly p?bli-ted, that the Princess and t her ebae were no wore, The news tell like i a thunderbolt on every ear, and when it be. came known that both the doctor and and the t nurse who attended her hAd destroyed them. selhes, all that could be said or done, could not persuade the Public tb it the Princess had nut been " made away with." Some " secret acts may yet be revealed upon this suijhet. h The rod of this man George IV. was fearI ful. He died at Windsor castle. For some tise previous to his decease, his sul erings were so dreadful. and his groanings so awful the very sentinel. were removed that they amight not bear them, and make them pblic, I and without wife or caild, ur even sinere f Iriends to suoth his last moments or close hids eyes, Seid sct a storse of thunder and lightning as we never since witnessed,. he t felt the cold band of that Death upon him o which he had so despised during his hours a of infamy, ad gave up the ghost with a terrific I shriek. d The Duke of York, the next in succession, i was popularly known as " the soldiers' friend." "decret facts" will show as how he a deserved the title. Some cerious papers, n which we believe have not yet reached this I colony, entitled the Coranrolld corr?spondencc, it being the pivete letters of General the Mar quis of Cornwallis, and for writing of which, I their author would, had it been known at the time, have lost his head, have lately been I published, and throw much light upon the c military transactions of the period. i he Duke, a nyoung man, had been appointed the n Commissioner-tn-Chief of the army, and by a reckless expenditure of money, and by his loading the private soldiers with privileges, farors, and comforts, they had never before I1 enjoyed, he won their hearts, but completely n destroyed the organisation and discipline of a the army, and made it the laughing-stock of foreign nations; indeed, in previous years; P his conduct in the field had been so disgrace. fil, that the king was compefld to reeall him, e and the public was astounded on learning that tu instead of being disgraced, he had been ap. h nointed to the head of the army I "If the French should land," said Cornwallis, the * test English soldier of his time, "I would not pleasure, habitually dissipated, and a reckless gambler, the- army was suffered to got0 to the Devil."' The army being so bad, the navy caught the infection, and such became its w disorairsed state, that.i 1796 a large French s sqtrond,;withe 15,000 troope on borsd, ac li tudalrached UBantry ay, in Ireland, and werislth o a quarter of a nuile of the shore t vie n a storm prevented their landing. In P 798i the year of the Irish rebellion, a Wirench dorce of a little more than a thouesand men, c? andei Gehneril whnbert, actually landed -in 0 Irellatid Not being joined bythe Irish, as be ci expeetedt he proceeded to Baillina, the gari. c son of whiceh he routed. Marching on to e Castlebt rwith 700 men, he found liselt op. " posed to 1700 Btitish troops,- with it piecs d' of emnnon, strongly posted, atld commantded a by sleneral Lake. In a few minutes, how- tt ever, the French handlel utterly -routed the di Brilish army, trook all the bguoge and artil.- fI Iery, and the ront was so complete, that the ?1 British never halted till the founl thenmselves w safe forty miles from thle fled of battle. It-. w deed, part of :he army retreated reventy miles b' in twenty-seven hours. Proceeding onwards, w and tasily routing Colonel Vereker and a " British force, and capturan i their itwnc, lie advanced to Iallinamuck, wpere ihe fIusntl the w whole British army, '2,000 stronf, awaiting hi hint. The whole force of the Frectlih wise under 1000 men, and yet the battle lasted of half in hour, when the French surrendered ct All this time there were llio,OOO troops in ?' Ireland, but the wltole Biritie. arty is de- P' crlbhed to have been at that time "- f'armidhale ru to every ond but an enemy." hl'le Duke, to sal void lthe disgrace dae to such -proceedings, tl determined to retrieve hi- character b a ric eampaiga a Holland, blaeusll comttmatlu ng. e. i. toes with bhi the moset numerous army r that had ever quitted the shores of riathi ir Alas! in the short space of ivre weeks a me SJabcholy sprxtacle took place-' A Briti st -' kinS' sou, ith 41,030 men, capitla-t to , "a French general, who had only O,30O.p This king's son then felt that be had n brusi. . ness to coflmaid an army. The D-uke al though a married man, cohabited with U e abandoned female named Clarke, and in order \- to support their combined pro . rthi woman was allowed to fill up anid , this misions in the army, with the Dukes gns. u tare attached. Any person with signe a could become an otfieer in those days We' have often been in the little cobbler's tae SWest-mninster, opposite Mrs. Clarke's house 1 where Colonel Wardle used, in diseise, watch these infamous transactions, and to O I serre how the armya wasofcered by worthlen cbaracers, whose only r mendations were having pandered to the depravity of the kerep mistress of the Duke of York. Sch wu te e "soldier's friend."as the Ne ext in order comes the Duke of Clarene afterwards Y illiaa IV, "the sailor king" in wh ome ftaym proewr itvr wu;-.arly deve l os -.ced thewingdife and Saccomplishei3 .WsJordon rJe the :se, to become his mistress, they lived for yea to . gether, patterns of domestie bliss. She con r adered bin her husband every rpect buat the performance of the ceremony, and bore t him a large fLmi;y. When this family w grown up, we may judge o thepoor woman's s horror, when onesay taking) up ;the news. paper, she beheld the but too true announce. ment that ie. her fondly ieagmi, husban was a suitor for the hans o Min Tyla y Long. the wealthieet eire in England Broken-hearted and disgusted, she agan aou'at the stage, where;the the uaisti ap. 1 probation of admiring and sympathiin Sdi-nces testified as to the ;public o° ter the woman and the brutality of the an of Of the Duke of Kent, the fourth son, a?e present ajesty's father, we shall only men. tinn one cir:amstanoe in his lile, as it hea Supon a curious anomaly which we shall pre. sently pusnt out. - When he was compelled to make his esca? from Gibraltar, of which place he was Governor, to avoid a similar late, from somewhat similar causes, to that which awaited Air. Price ia this colony nine years ago,-so urgent was the occasion that he had not time. to dress himself, in such daner ras his lfe. 'When he arrived safely in huglod, and the matter began. to be dis. esasad, certain esurges weer alleged agantts the 'on his proposing to demand a court near tial to invesatigate his condact, his brother SYork is reported to have silenced the pro posa with the remark, "For God's sak, 0ed, don't be a fool." ' fext cornes the Duke of Camberland, the abhorred and detested by 'the whole nation. A dark spot attaches to his memory, the mystery attaching to whih time may yet elucidate. 11., too, was troubled with the family weakness. HUe had a valet, named Salis, who had a very pretty wile, with whom the Duke was intrguaing. The husband naturally became jealous. Somewhere about the year 1813, when living at St. James's, the Duke -was awakened one morning by a desperate attack upon his person. The whole household were soon alatmed, and it was discovered that he was covered with wounds. Search being made for the assassin, the valet was dis:rvered in his bedroom with his head nearly severed from his body. Whatever the public thought, the jury could not go against the evidence ot the King's son, and a verdict of FeIo de as was returned, and the poor valet b'rsed 'at the dead of night. It was, however, afterwards declared by the foreman of the jury, that when the jury visited the room where the corpse was, and which was supposed to have been undisturbed till the inquest terminated, tAe eraor was lying o.a the dresring table, wiped and folded,-a thing a man with his head oaf could not have done. It was also said that when a party of doubters dug up the coffin again, nothing was found in at but a bundle of old rags. The sixth son, the Duke of Sussex, was a mere non-entity in the family. He married a commoner. This marriage was at one time likely to be the means of changing Ireland into an independant kingdom, as we shall see. The youngest son, the Duke of Cambridge, we leave out, as we admire the conduct of his son, the present Duke, too much. -That son has had the courage to marry the girl of his choice, Miss Farebrother, whom we recollect as the most graceful columbine and prettiest actress on the London t a oe. The anomaly we llded to above is this: The Duke of usses, by. his marriage with, we believe, Lady Underwood, had issue, the late Sir Augustus i)'Este. Now, supposing the Duke of Cumberland had been murdered at St. James's; and the Duke of Kent had been ascasinated at Gibraltar, neither the present King of Ilanover, nor the present Queen of England would. have ever had existence, and upon tbl death of William IV, the Duke of Sussex would. have sunceeded him, and on his death, in consequence of the Marriage Act not extending to Ireland, his son would have become King of Irland. This was pointed-out to us by- Sir Aagustas D'IEste himself. Now, to return to Mrs. Ryves. We think we have snlfciently shown what sort of a place the Court of England was daring the lifetime of her nother, and supposing the whole affair nof to be an impomstion, how small were the l:tmnces of heut voice being listened to, or bi claims examined; by such disreputable relti4s, how' entirely hopeless the p-lidings tijdstice in acsh a bell the palee of Britain fruler lad become.o There is a eaigsus story still extant, and current in the.i:itery esreles of London, often seriously al!udd to in spite of strong efforts to stamp it with ridicule. At the ecoronation banque'tof George IV,; when the Chanspion of Engllnd, in lall armour, and mounted 'on a alsplendid steedi paced uap and down Westminster Hall and at last, challeng ing any person *ho slhould dare to dispute tile King'. right to'thi throne, he threw down his gasnSdet,--a old mmas burst from the crowd amid jeiked up tie glo?e; but shite was quickly seised aJd remiored, and it was given out that shIe wra a mad creature, whIo had gained adnittanee to the ball, no beidy knew how. tat who was this old warn?lmatl Perhaps the priesent tril may pre s·eat is with her card. There is no doubt that nowi as ever the whole ipuwer of thle Crown will be brought to hear to quash thia es, hot we are too well acquainted with the sympathies of the people of Enlglauadl espee ?ly where a woman is conoet?ed, to fel assured that it the plaintif oit establish but I?lasaldow of i elsm, the public'will ilsist upon ampte reparation being nmade for the injustice and wrongs inflicted utlpon herself l'and family f.e more than a ?en tryv. We ethaefore await with. mueh en riosity the resul: of the proceedings in Rives . Tie Vqw or Gaswe Blattsn. ;Oseaas Macessasel 