AGRICFLTURAL REPORT. WEDNESDAY. Breadstuff's to-day were rather furner. Hart's Adelaide flour changed hands at full rates. Wheat was inquired for-sales of Adelaide at 7s. 6d" and Port MacDonnell at the same figure. Sales of Tasmanian oats (a superior sample) were made at 5s. 7^d. Maize waa not BO firm, in expectation of large arrivals from Sydney. Sales were made at 5s. 7Ad., and the price is quoted at 6s. 6d. to 6B. 9d. The best hay is worth £8 to £810s. per ton ; second quality, £7 to £7 16s. ; straw, £4 to £5 10s. It is anticipated that prices will go up, as only a few loads have come in since the rains commenced, and those went into immediate consumption. Green feed may now, however, be expected in abundance, which will be a check upon the rising ten- dency of hay. There is now great activity in the farming diBtricts, and notwithstanding the low prices obtained, operations are extending con- siderably. Everywhere the 42nd-clause-men are pushing on, some few already sowing a little wheat and oats, but the greater number aiming at nothing more than the putting in of a few acres of potatoes between now and Sep- tember. Even that will be a beginning, and will so far "sattle the country." Of this claBS of settlers the Maryborough A docrtiser remarks -" The holders of land taken up under the 42nd section of the Amending Land Act are, in moBt cases, busily engaged in preparing their land for cropping this season. The procesB of reclaiming is particularly active. Trees are being laid low, fenceB erected, teams employed in furrowing the virgin soil, and huge fires are kindled to consume the boles that are too heavy for removal by the usual process of manipulation. In passing the locality by night one is reminded of the nu- merous lurid illuminations proceeding from furnace mouths in the manufacturing coun- ties of England. The increased area that will yield first-fruits this season will supply local ¡ markets more abundantly than heretofore." The prices realised for the few farms which come into the market show that there are still some who know that farming is not the ruinous business it has been described. At Warrnambool there has been a sale, at which Lowry's farm, subdivided, adjoining Cham- berlain's pre-emptive Section, Warrong, fetched from £13 17s, 6d, to £16 17s 6d, per acre. A farm on the Grange Creek, wick à good stone house on it, sold the other day for £5 per acre, close to Hamilton. It was purchased by Mr. Davidson, at present of Portland. Mr. G. M. Nobes reports the sale of section 42G, Hundred of M'Donucll, for Mr. Clarke, at £15 per acre. The laying down of land in grass is a sub- ject of much interest to the Victorian farmer, and one on which information founded on actual experiment is of the highest value. This week we are indebted to the Border Watch (which, by the by, is creditably atten- tive to the agricultural affairs of its district, and in that respect shows an example which other newspapers might follow with ad- vantage) for two items of information respecting grass-culture, both interesting. Respecting prairie grass, our contemporary says:— "Parties wishing to see how prairie grass will thrive should visit the acre plot laid down by Mr. T. A. Wells, at Yahl, Mount Gambier. It is said to be one solid mass of vegetation, and to throw an amazing quan- tity of feed. Off this plot Mr. Wells is said to have obtained last season £30 worth of I seed and several tons of hay! We think some of our farmers might grow prairie grass to more advantage than wheat in the face of such a result." That is useful information, and encouraging to persons with scourged land, who may desire to give their fields a respite from corn-growing, and are yet un- willing to lose the use of them altogether. But the following is still more interesting :— " Dr. Wehl has just finished the laying down of about forty acres in imported grasses. The field is divided into nearly as many plots as there are acres, for the doctor has sown separately somewhere near upon thirty different kinds. This patchwork field will be watched with much interest." No doubt it will, and if this excellent doctor will only watch the progress of his experi- ment carefully — as no doubt he will, since he has had the sense to initiate it — and record the result of his observations, the greatest possible benefit to Australian agriculture may accrue. This is the kind of thing we want, and this one experiment may be more pro- ductive of good than was our own expensive model farm during the whole term of its model existence. It is to be regretted, however, that some of our native grasses were not per- mitted to show what they could do alongside of their foreign rivals ; but that may be tested by another experiment. We hope Dr. Wehl and the Border Watch will keep the world well informed as to the progress of this interesting operation. The following are the items of intelligence bearing upon the farmer's operations and prospects which the week's papers contain : The Geelong Advertiser of Monday re- polis:-"Though the late abundant rains have given ampie employment to the farmer*, there was a good show of the agricultural interest in town on Saturday. The grain maiket bad still more buyers thau sellers at the present rates. Despite the continuous importation of grain and wheat, the farmer looks sanguinely at the realisation of a higher rate; and, judging from the tone of conversation, there is a determina- tion to hold until the supply abates. A parcel of wheat waa disposed of at 7s. per bushel, and un offer made for prime samples at 7s. 2d. per bushel. This latter was the highest quotation, and that for a small quantity. The hay matket has been indifier eutly supplied throughout the week, whilst the demand for hay has increased. The mar- ket closed with an advance on last week's quotations of 10s. per ton. Best hay sold at £6 5s. per ton. Inferior hay was not repre- sented. Oaten straw finds a ready market at £4 per ton, wheaten straw is £3 per ton. There has been a large supply of man- golds to hand, and a continuous demand, not yet satisfied, for the Melbourne market has made them worth 30s. per ton. A marked improvement is pervading the interests de- pendent upon farming. The rust has made its appearance on the Barrabool; and, as the statement to that effect has been doubted and denied, samples of crop so affected were brought into town on Saturday and ex- hibited." A Moorabool correspondent of the Geelong Register writes " that sowing is being carried on vigorously. There is not much grain showing yet, but what is up looks remarkably well." Another sends the ^following from Camperdown :-" After a most unusual cen tinuation of fine weather, rain has come at last, and apparently in a decidedly deter- mined and settled manner. All day long there has been one continuous and steady downpour, which has given the place quite a wintry uepect. No doubt it will prove of great benefit to the district both in an agri- cultural and pastoral point of view, the only drawback being in isolated cases whore the lambing is allowed to be lato in the seaîoa." From OreBsy the CBme journal is addressed as iollowB :-" Twenty-four hours'pelting rain during Thursday and Friday has put quite a wintry aspect on everything. The rain was accompanied with a cold east wind. Tho good done to the ground is excellent, and harrow- ing is tbe order amongst the agriculturists. The dull weather has brought hosts of native companions to the plains, which could be numbered in thousands. They are very large, some measuring four to five feet high, walk with great majesty, and at a distance could be mistaken for a human being ; they ure very shy, and it ,1s not easy to have a shot at them." Of the Ballarat district the Star reports : "The late rain has proved of the greatest Eervice to the farmers, and they are now pushing forward operations with vigour. In many places sowing is almost completed, but It will be a month yet before operations have been generally concluded. SofarthTZj promises well the yonng cropa hav nES had favourable weather, and it ia tn hi k y that their chances of success wi? S uninterrupted. A greater breadth of ft being laid under oats this season thanti and present appearances would seom to in cate that this crop will ba of creator J?d than that of wheat, the heavy imnorr.8?8 Californian markets haviue AL18, ty marketable prospects of the Totter, tb not quite so fright as at the £? nins of the past Beason. Ia th» S bourhood of Clunes a number of the 43 applicants under the 42nd aection oil Land Act havo completed fencing, (4 land is in a fair way to bd turned to figL? The scare ty of fencing, however, owing to 3 heavy state of the forest road, wffl O prevent many of the successful applfi fencing m their land this season, who f£ delays in having surveys effectod andlo Z unforeseen contingencies, have not C enabled to enter upon the land at nn\^ dato. Tho rain on Sunday lffma» month district was steady and ¿t hi* copious throughout the day. and tho «M of the country Atlee has already undergo^ change. Tbe great want that had lonfbi5 felt has at last been supplied, and the« are now in a position to push forward S sowing, which had been greatly retard«? u want of rain Our Stockyard-hUI ^ Bpondent wntes as follows:-'Por T? time past-we have been favoured with! copious supply of rain, which has natte! great alteration for the better in the 2, of thecountrv nHfnrn» nn>s "",i ., 'u"a'a oí me country as mt as grass and the maw crops ate concerned ; and I am kaonr tn ?« tom you that, so far as I have extended ¿7 tour up to the present time, the showd lambs is larger than has been seen for som» years. In fact, throughout the nuraS (locks that I have visited I have Ä half a dozen weakly lambs, and it is a «» general opinion that, if the weather couti««? favourable, the jiereeutnge this summer ni be very large. But I am sorry to inform y ¡ that in the north things look very bndlv X ewes are so very weakly, with the scarab of feed and water, that it Is nearly imno« ill» lor mern to rear a lamb. The horses ard al reduced that hundreds of them will mZl recover again. But in and around this <1R tiict stock of all descriptions is improrini rapidly ; the farmers aio striking on for a finish, and in a few moreduys tho moätoftka seed will be in. The young crops ate lookms splendidly up to the present time.' " The Talbot Leader reports as follows -"Tha heavy fall of rain with which we were favoured last Thursday and Friday morning has had a most beneficial effect upon all descriptions of Vegetation. Owing to the drought of last year, the grass which sprung after the pre. viouB raiDB was extremely thin, and when th« subsequent warm weathtr set in it n.m/rj and fell from the roots. Now Wév¿ reí tufts ore springing up bor0 ^ and ;;/» «.WSiWr6Ul and »bick, andw.tl out the smallest sign of that decay KTQU» ..o lu wie previous crop. A wééíc no i ¡Î was feared by the farrae'H in our nei' hbaur* hood that they would hav« to re plough aail re-sow their land, as the wheat exhibited a most consumptive aspect. Their itara are now at an end, as the rains of Thura day and Friday have given a frea!m&3 and vitality to the crop? which augur th» beet results for the future. An íleá of the penetrating foice of the fall eau bj gathered fiom the fact that the surface, fot a depth of eighteen inches, is uow tliotou-hly saturated with the moisture." And the Van. borough Advertiser ;-" The late rams have been vtry beneficial to tho young crops, which ara jutt now coming out of the ground m places where early sowing has beon carried on, and will also enable the farmers to sow their later cropB where the preliminary operations of husbandry havo taken place. The young crops much needed a further supply of mois- ture, for the unusual beut which followed the heavy ruins of a few weeks previous was fast drying up the soil to the depth to which the yoting roots had penetrated. The horticul. turista were uxiously awaiting fructifjue showers, for in mauy instances small seeds bad been sown several times without geimi naring, owing to an insufliciency of moisture. The rain was followed by a very heavj frost on Monday night-the heaviest of the eoason, The weather since has been winterly and sea- sonable." The following is from the Castlemaine Daily News :-" The late rains have done an im- mense deal of good in the Fryer's district. Everything looks the brighter and pleasanter ior the showers, and people have set to work in good earnest. The 6C»son is truly a mar- vellous one, and evidence of the fact may be seen every day. On Saturday, raspberries lipe, red, rich raspberries- were.bronght into Castlemaine from a garden a mile or two away. On the vines, some ot them clustered with the mature fruit of the season just past, may be seen o second growth that promises to be by no means valueless. In some of out gardens the perfume of the orange flowers is pleasontly perceptible, whilst the parterres ate pay with many colquted children of summer. Böses are in perfection, and the violet is almost as plentiful, and quite as sweet, as when In England. May is pleasant and warm as were the May days tho poets tell of. A thousand orchids cover the hill Bides, and the wild flowers generally are strugglinj into bloom. More profitably and more pleasantly still, the early-sown barley is making good headway, and promises abundant crops. Altogether, the scaEon is most pleasant, and only wants an occasional rainfall to make It all that could be desired." A correspondent of the Bendigo Evcitinj News writes as follows from Goornong: " The welcome rainfall has como at last. Late in the evening the sky becime mantled in darkness, and after twelve pm. the clouds beean to pour their contents upon the earth. It has continued more or less ever sinoe, and now tim clouds drop tOTii their tears very copiously. This ii making glad the heart of many 'a farmer in the dis- trict who up till now was dolefully predict- ing another dry season. Tho seed bad benn got in in fino season, and the laud generally in good fettle, so that nu abundant harvest may.be anticipated. You folks in the town have no conception of the joy that permeates the hearts of the farming community here in consequence of the Heaven-sent boon. The . mortality among the herds and flocks has been very great. Nicholas Brothers have lost seven horses, some of them of great value. Everywhere here the cattle are reduced to skeletonp, the very ghosts of thoir former selves. It is feared-except tho wiuter ha unusually mild-that the farmers will suiter great loss. There was little or no harvest here last season, therefore there is little or DO feed for cattle. The young grass began to EpriDg up after the last rains, and by this time would have been considerable, but the squatters' immense flocks have been walkin? the district, and they, like a cloud of locusts, havo nibbled up everything green, to the great Injury of the local farmer. A protest is to be made. Under a pretence of travelling his Bheep, the squatter has them herded round the farmers fences." From Hamilton, the Spectator brings the followiug ;-" The weather for the past few dayß haB been lowering, and soveral rather heavy showers fell.' Wo have, however, had none of the heavy downpouts, continuing lot twenty-four boure, which are reported as having fallen nearer the coast. The face ot nature is now assuming its usual wintry IOOK, and the bright verdure, short though it pi, is most rftfreshiug to tbe eye. The ground w not yet sufficiently moistened to allow the brean ing-up of new Boil with the plough. Farmers, therefore, hope for more rain; while tue sheep farmers, dependent on the natural grass for feed for their flocks, say that injiw Bhowers and warm days ard more favoura we to them." The Spectator is informed by its correspondent at Harrow, that the settleis are Bullering very much from the want of water and feed. The cattle and horses are dying rapidly. The Western Times (Portland) repartí : " Tho drought has now completely broken up, and to all appearance winter has already set in. The rain which we have had na» already made the farmers on the aleQin attending to their crops. During the>A» week thero has been l'lfiin. of rainfall. Despite the rain which wo have had con stantly pouring down during the cast w«, the fire in the scrub is still burning. lois fire, which has now been constantly burning for about six weeks, ought certainly toopeu np a new system ot grubbing scrubby land, n being chiefly kept in by the large numbor ol roots that are in the locality. The Border HWi reports:-" On Thursday morning, Mount Gambler was visited by an intense lroat, and ice wus formed on various Bhallow pools of water, It carne on to rain m the afternoon, and continued Bhowery W.«" yesterday." And the Albury Banner:- |»n<» Wednesday afternoon we have had in Aioury almost continual rain day and night, and we feel ourselves thoroughly in winter. >ve have been longiDg and praying for tnta change; and, however cheerlesB it .maiT° things look, and however many colds it may bring us, it is most welcome. Creeks wm begin to run, water-holes to be filled, farming operations go on, gold washing Vt°TT, sheep and cattle get fat, and money come into the stores and banks. ' 