COUNTRY n e w s . MUNICIPAL COUNCIL OATLANDS. S a tu r d a y, June 2nd. 1866. The Council .at at 11 o’clock tbia morning, in the Council Chamber, Oailands. Present.—The Warden, Councillors Bortury.Roe. Bisdee, Pilliogcr, Wilson and Harrison. The minutes ot the last meeting having been read and confirmed, A letter was then read by the Couucil Clerk from the Warden at Green Poods, addressed to the Warden of this Municipality, acceding to the terms proposed by that gentleman, with reference to the stations and constables included in that part of the Municipality lately transferred to Green The Warden briefly stated to the Council wbat these terms were, vis, that the Green Pends Council should take charge of the constable’s stations and stores from the 6th of May last, and as this council bad levied the rates for this year a suitable portion of the same be refunded to the Green Ponus Council, which was agreed to. With reference to Mr Brent’s letter addressed o the council at their last meeting, the arden informed the council that he had ritten to Mr Brent asking for something more tangible, but had received no answer rom that gentleman: that being the case, be could not ece how the council could proceed farther in the matter. Considerable discussion here ensued. Mr Burbury, and the warden maintaining that as regards the constable stationed at Tunbridge, the case should be brought before the council by a special charge, if there waa any, and then let the matter be ihoroughlv investigated, but that it was unfair to proceed against any man by insinuation. Councillor Pillinger said he thought the prceout constable was not sufficiently active end energetic for a station like Tunbridge which required a younger end more active man. Councillor Harrison perfectly coincided with the last speaker, and said that it was an undisputed fact, that during the time the preamt constable ItHd been stationed at Tutihad he brought up for drunkeuness, or — - briJge, upward, of 2 years,..not.a single man j turbing the public peace* elthcvgh there bad 1 been rows there, and he hBd seed men laying about druuk. Formerly euch men were taken, looked up and taken charge of, and then taken to Mr Mc’Lin.chan’a house, to be dealt with by that gentleman at J.P ., as the law directed. Councillor Burbury very much doubted whether that waa the legal course to be adopted. There was a new police act which provided that all such offenders shall be brought before a magistrate at an office where there was a book of records kept, and a clerk to keen the same; he would venture to eay that none of those gentlemen who tried ouch cases in their own houses, ever kept such a book; the thing, he thought illegal and irregular. After the Police Act had been consulted, it wsb found that Mr Burbury was correct. Mr Burbury then asked the Superintendent bow the constable acted in the last sheepstealing case reported at Tunbridge? and was informed by MrBxton that the constable had done all that he could do in that matter. Councillor Burbury then remarked that the constable at Tunbridge bad done his duty in \----------- reference ------------------------ to drunken men and disturbers,. quite as well as it had been done at Spring ] Hill or Antill Ponds; there must be a special charge brought against the man before they could interfete. It was ultimately decided that the police committee see to the matter and report at the next sitting of council. Mr Wm Harrison then brought forward is motion, according to notice, that a con* table be appointed at Antill Ponds. Seconded by Councillor Wilson. There was much argument on the subject, and eventually it was agreed that the motion stand over, and be reported on at the next meeting by the police IllbC hvlllulilMCC, committee. I There being do more busineis, the council ( adjourned till the first Saturday of next i month. A Malicious u Ghost”— At a ball recently given in Berlin, on the seventeenth birthday of the daughter of one of the noblest familier, a niysterirus S figure— a monk masked—eutered the saloon precisely at midhiglit and disappeared alter presenting the young lady with a basket of flowers. On examining the contents, an ebony coffin was found inlaid with silver, containing a bridal wreath; an arrow piercing a lily, and a paper, on which was written—“ A greeting from the world of shadows.” Though the mother became insensible, the young countess did not lose her presence of mind, but continued dancing, aad betrayed no emotion whatever. 