EXPLOSIVE COMPOUNDS. There is evidently a fault somewhere amongst our colonial chemists. The numerous accidents which have recently arisen in the use of chemical ingredients show that great blame must lie somewhere. Whether it is the manufacturer, the dispenser, or the operator who is at fault is a question that ought to be settled if possible. It is not right that those whose business or tastes lead them to deal with chemicals should be kept in con tinual suspense or fear of an explosion. The interests of science no less than the safety of life and property demand that the twin-ghosts of apprehension and anxiety should be laid. If these accidents are being occasioned by the cupidity of some adulterating manufacturer, the fact ought tp be known and the fraud ex posed. If they arise from the carelessness of our city tradesmen, some means ought to be taken to save us as citizens from the conse quences of that carelessness. We live in an age of scientific progress. Philosophy and the useful arts are both ad vancing hand in hand. Utility demands the co-operation of science; science responds to the demands of utility. Each must be allowed to pursue its career unchecked. Far-seeing political economists give assistance to both. It behoves us therefore to see that no unfair im pediments are placed in their way. Prominent amongst the ingredients applied by science to the advancement of the useful arts is peroxide of manganese, a mineral once found in con siderable quantities in Mangana in the West Indies, from which its name is evidently derived. It is also found abundantly in other parts of the world. It is largely used in the production of chlorine for bleaching purposes. Chemists employ it for the manufacture of a disinfectant fluid called permanganate of potash. Iron manufacturers use it occasionally in the manufacture of steel, and glassmakers for purifying their glass. But it is chiefly for its value in the production of oxygen gas that manganese becomes an article of general use. This gas, as our readers know, is extensively used for experimental purposes by lecturers and teachers of science; and it is also em ployed in considerable quantities by scientific men, by managers of theatres, and conductors of public exhibitions for the production of the brilliant oxycalcium and oxyhydrogen lights. So great has been the demand for the materials necessary to produce oxygen during the past few years that their com mercial value has greatly increased. With this growing demand, however, a source of dang.-r has arisen. There are parasites in all forms of existence, and human existence is no exception. Men who fatten upon the spoils of robbery are everywhere to be met with. But it is strange that for purposes of miserable gain any one could be found to imperil human life by adulte rating such a dangerous article as manganese, and it shows either gross ignorance or culpable indifference to consequences in those who do it. The public journals have frequently to record accidents arising from these causes. Men deal with chemicals on the assump tion that they are pure as they profess to be, in which state with proper care and adequate knowledge they are harmless. But when they are adulterated no care can com pletely guard against the mischief they may pro duce. Only a few months ago a photographic artist in Manchester was making oxygen gas in the kitchen of his establishment, when an explosion took place attended by very serious consequences. The shop front was blown out, the kitchen was a complete wreck, the man and his eon were both killed, and his wife fright fully injured. At the inquest it was proved that the manganese had been adulterated with 25 per cent of soot or pounded charcoal. The soot in the act of burning yielded carburetted hydrogen, and this combining with the oxygen yielded by the potash formed the terribly explosive compound called oxyhydrogen. The person who manufactured the adulterated manganese was traced by the authorities, and very properly committed to take his trial for the manslaughter of the unfortunate artist and his son. Within a few days of this calamity in Man chester a similar explosion, happily not attended with such fatal consequences, took piece in our own city. Three photographic artists, Messrs. Freeman, Cornock, and Sirone, were engaged in making oxygen on Mr. Free man's premises in Hindley-street, when a loud report was heard, a cry of fire was raised, the fire-bell was rung, the engines were brought to the spot, and a general alarm was raised in the city. On investigating the cause of the explosion, it was found that the gentlemen named had placed upon the fire a report filled with gas-making materials. The retort was scarcely heated, when it exploded with a loud report. The room with its furnishing was almost entirely destroyed ; Mr. Freeman was seriously injured, and lost the sight of an eye; and Mr. Cornock subsequently experienced a long illness, brought on by inhaling the suffocating gases which the explosion produced. The manganese in this case had been procured from a respectable chemist in Adelaide. A week or two ago Mr. Cornock, a little daunted, but not intimidated by his previous experience, procured from the same chemist a I second supply of manganese, with the usual proportion of chlorate of potash. Having been duly assured of the purity of the mate rials, he commenced, in conjunction with Mr. Dobie, of Gawler-place, a second gas- making experiment. As in the precious case great care was taken in the adjustment of the appa ratus, but the fire had scarcely obtained access to the retort when the whole thing again vio lently exploded, nearly destroying the premises, the operators having a narrow escape with their lives. Now the question arises, what is this material which is thus placing the lives and property of so many people in jeopardy, and how comes it that the same persons, a second time and with due assurance of its purity, should sell such a dangerous Com pound under the name of manganese? Is human life a thing of such little value that it can be trifled with in this way? Perhaps the matter may be satisfactorily explained, but some explanation is imperatively demanded. We know that an attempt to explain it has been made by the Rev. Mr. Maughan. That gentleman commenced what we presume was intended to be a complete and exhaustive examination of the nature of this manganese, but he hardly fared better than those who had gone before him. He had gone so far as to prove that the material was dangerously ex plosive when subjected to heat, and was pro ceeding, we believe, with all reasonable care and foresight in his researches, when the material spontaneously exploded in his face, very seriously injuring him. This fact really opens a new aspect of the subject. That manganese adulterated with soot or coal and chlorate of potash would explode when sub jected to heat or carelessly manipulated was what might be expected; but that these substances should spontaneously ex plode only on being carefully mixed together, and without the application of heat, is what few chemists would believe and fewer still could explain. We have a right to ask if this substance was adulterated manganese, or some more dangerous explosive when combined with chlorate of potash. This is a question which ought to be answered before scientific men in this colony can safely pursue their chemical experiments. They can go on in confidence when they know the materials with which they have to deal, but all will be doubt and un certainty if substances sold under one name contain those which belong to another. We are glad to hear that Mr. Maughan is rapidly recovering from the effects of his accident, and we have no doubt that either he or some other competent chemist will soon be able to give a satisfactory explanation of this matter. Paris Exhibition'.—There is a chance for Australian literature now. The Government Gazelle contains a letter from Mr. Cardwell, with an enclosure stating that the Committee of Council on Education have determined to have exhibited in the jiaris Exhibition of 18G7 a collection illustrative of the periodical j and ephemeral literature of the present time, which wiil include one specimen • of every newspaper, journal, scientific, artistic, or" literary magazine, review, or other periodical, tract, playbill, and the like, published during 1SG5. Therefore—"My Lords are desirous that the literature of a similar character that bas been published during the same period in each of Her Majesty's colonies and depen- I dencies Bhopld bo represented, and I am to request that you sill moye Mr. Secretary Cardwell to issue instructions to cause such a collection to be made in such colony, and sent to Paris; the same, when made, would be j purchased by the Science and Art Department, j for the South Kensington Museum." Iivmtgration.—Dr. Duncan's report for the quurter ending the that during the quarter the Atafanta arrived with 392 souls, and the Charlctte Gladstone with 439 souls. Nothing is said as to the suitability of the emigrants beyond the stater ment that those by the Charlotte Gladstone had been to a large extent nominated by their friends, which was fortunate, considering the state of the labour market. A great deal of the report is taken up with a statement about the Refuge boys who were sent to the colony some time ago. It is explained that they did not come from a Reformatory (which doesn't mend matters), and that as a rule the managers of the Refuge never send out boys to the colonies who bave been convicted of crime, " when the passage-money is provided by the Colonial Government." The boy Cogan, however, got shipped to South Australia by accident, and the managers say that they are very sorry for it. The Far North.—-Mr. Thomas Flett, writing tc the Hon. T. Elder, from Mount Deception, under date July 11, says;—"The feed is very scanty, nothing but grass pickings, all the bushes being dead. Tlje giass is very short and thin. The run at the presept time carries four flocks of dry sheep, and they wiil have to be shifted erery six weeks unless more rain falls. The wells are al) very low. and it is impossible for me to say htjw they win stand until they have been tried. The feather fa still very'dry. and there is no sign of rain. The caiflels passed here on the 9th, on their way tq Umberatapa. Mr. Bjchardson is mustering at Leigh's Creek." Another gentleman writing from a distant north-western station says:—" Tep of ub, men from five different stations, have beep mustering cattle for the last three weeks. "We have ridden over a great deal of country, and hare been south as far as Winowie, 14 miles the other side of Mount Deception, and over 100 miles from here, and only saw altogether about 150 head, out of which only about 20 belonged to the stations up here. "Where the cattle have gone to is a mystery to every one. Out of about 10,000 head belonging to stations.in this neighbourhood only a few hun dred haTe been seen. No doubt many have died, but not all. At Blanchewater, to the eastward, I hear there were 9,000 head of cattle before the drought, and now there are only 500 left. At Lake Hope the losses have also been heavy." River News. —The following extracts have been handed to us for publication"Netley, July 11,1866. No report of a rise in the Darling more than four feet at Bourke, and river falling."— Kulnine, July 14. We have had no rain since I last wrote, and we begin to wish for a good day's rain. The River Murray still continues to rise. The Jolly Miller and Providence have passed up. They have commenced putting up the telegraph wire from Wentworth to Salt Creek. 'It is ex pected the arrival of the Adelaide mail will be on Saturday, and leave on Sunday instead of Friday and Monday. We also lean) that Captain Bunfoll with the steamer Bogan, arrived at Goo]ws on the 18th instant, and expects to be in Adelaide iu a day or two." 