DECLINE OF ENGLAND'S INFLUENCE ABROAD. Count Bismarck has just at present the ap pearance of being the boldest man in Europe. His cool audacity is only equalled by his bare faced aggression. Indeed, the Minister of Pus sia is so imperious in his policy that he may be looked upon as the Dictator of Germany, just as Napoleon is of Europe. Of course the Prussian Count can afford to talk more loudly and more unceremoniously than /would become the gravity and dignity of an Emperor. Great disquietude and alarm seem to be felt in dinlotnatic circles owing to the late proceedings of the Cabinet of Berlin. All Europe seems perplexed and uneasy at the menacing attitude assumed by the two great Teutonic Powers that are ' sparring' at each other. Speculation is rifle as to the results of a gigantic struggle for the German Supremacy between Austria and Prussia— a struggle that may too vividly recall to our minds the memor ies of Olmutz and Jena, and may — who knows ? — lead to a redistribution of the map of Europe. Prussia, true to her aggressive policy, whereby she has thrived on injustice since the days of Mr. Carlyle's hero, Frederick the Great, can no longer conceal the motives that prompted her to crush out Danish power and influence in Schleswig and Holstein, Gradually, as the veil is lifted up that covered her plans, we see that it was not the liberation out tne annexation 01 une uuumes taut muue Prussia take up arms against Denmark. Indeed, Prussia lookB just now like a great magnetised chisel, for she is seeking to attract to herself till the little German States, or Teutonic filings, all over the Fatherland. Head Centre Bismarck is not a man of small aspirations, neither is ,hc likely to be withheld from his policy by timidity or awed from his object by scruples. He is one of those clever malicious people who like to' see their neighbours in hot water.- He seems to have grown tired of the political calm of Europe, and so he immolated hecatombs of Danes to propitiate the Father of the Winds and get up a storm somewhere. This haughty, overbearing absolutist, who is in con stant antagonism to the Chambers which he insults or prorogues ab pleasure ; this audacious and Machiavellian minister, with a petulent eon tempt for all public opinion, and an unscrupulous ardour for the unity of Germany under his Roval master — or rather his Roval slavfi — in at. this present moment disturbing the public peace of Eurojpe and. filling diplomacy with troubles and leaving it in a condition of fatiguing uncer tainty. How is the storm that is gathering over Germany to be dissipated, and are the rela tions between Prussia and Austria to be recti fied by preventive congresses, or settled by the ultima ratio regum? Is Europe to look on another Thirty Years' War or a Seven Years' War ? Where is England now in the midst of these embarassmg complications, and where is now her moral power which once invested her mediatorial character with a weight it was difficult to ignore or resist ? There were days, . not so very long ago either, when England ?^ir/Ylilrt 'rtr\4*. nmro o4'r*r*n ol/\/vP ?tv/vnrt aiistlt «i ii/vr»+QCs41. - Tl VUJ.U MVU XlUirV tdUV/l/U UJ.UUJL XAVUI OUl/JLL M- VUUVUOV as is impending. in Germany, or have taken matters so calmly as she does now. Formerly she ruled by menace. Now, however, John Bull finds that his bluster will not do. Europe does not look upon the Union Jack as a bugbear that will frighten her. She is not prepared to bow down before St. George and the Dragon as the Israelites before the Golden Calf. England finds herself reduced to an ignominious silence on the recent events that are troubling the peace of Europe. France at present rules by her silence, ominous, mysterious, but powerful. England's silence, on the contrary, is construed by Europe into a. consciousness and confession of her own weakness. No one now thinks of appealing to the tribunal of England, or regard ing ner as Tine arDiter 01 iiuu uesuimes ui tiurope, or as a head arbitrator in the midst of perplex ing difficulties. Since the day the French flag was seen floating over the Malakoft Tower Eng land's star has been on the wane. Since France returned from the trenches of Sebastopol, coverec with the glories of war, and acknowledged and felt to be the great barrier against Muscovite power in the West, the prestige of England has been gradually dissolving, like a disenchanted spell, and her power fading away into the back ground of the European picture. Though she has -neriodicallv kent ud her traditional boasting and diplomatic bluster, she has given unmis takeable evidences of the rapid declension of her moral power in the Cabinets of Europe since the Peace of Paris. The loss of her prestige abroad is but a sign of that retributive justice which a Wise Dispensation inflicts upon nations that have abused their destiny. She has deceived those she promised to aid, as she has oppressed those she has had under her rule; Poland looked to her in the days of her trial. But the policy of England only hastened the social ruin and depopulatian of that country. England en couraged the Poles, by her sympathy and her oppression which resulted once again in the humiliation of that brave but bleeding land. The sons of Sobieski were grossly abandoned and shamefully deceived by the frothy philantrophy and sentimentalism of England. The Poles have long since looked upon England's deception and cowardice as the most fruitful means of bringing about their deeper degradation, and leading them on by delusive hopes to sacrifice the flower of the land in their glorious struggle to shake off the chains of Russian despotism. Russia, at the same time, saw through the nature of England's menaces, and assumed towards her a tone of dignified severity which England was compelled to accept with most edifying docility, adminis tering to her at the same time a little dose of advice about minding her own business better, and looking nearer home for something to exer cise her charity and her justice in redressing, which must have been particularly unpalatable to the ears of Englishmen. Wha,t idea can Denmark form of England, whose bragging protestations led the hardy Norsemen to believe that the arms — £ Tji_*«.1«« A 4-'U*~i rtT»nv»-*rYtr*Ti /vf /vtirYrnaaa/3 na+.inn. alities!— would be raised against the incursion of Prussia? The chivalry of England was roused, forsooth, by the the bright presence of a Danish princess, the consort of her future King. It was warmed into an enthusiastic glow over sparkling goblets and in the exhilarating atmo sphere of the banquet-hall. But this extem porised and artificial chivalry evaporated with the occasions that generated it, and so Denmark was stripped, whipped, and robbed. Even France, our great ally, notwithstanding all the amenities 01 wie enwnw vuruitw.^ -*uu. imo ayyem. to the English epigastrium by lowering the wine duties, does no longer deign to take England under her patronage. England, by refusing to adopt the Napoleonic idea of an European Con gress — probably owing to some remote appre hensions about the Irish difficulty rising up before her prophetic soul — virtually cut her self off from sympathy with France. Pass ing from the Old World to the New, can we for a moment doubt that as long as the American Republic lasts so long will England be regarded as the most deadly foe of the Union ; contributing, by her insiduous neutrality and patronage of the Confederates more than Southern Secessionists, to prolong for years a war the fiercest that ever raged and on the most gigantic scale the world ever witnessed. Already has England shown 'the white feather' by her cowardly acquiescence to the annexation of Savoy and her servile docility to France. Thus gradu ally the prestige of England is crumbling away, and with it goes her power. The roar of the British lion frightens no one now, and John Bull may rest assured that his pockets will not be emptied to pay for wars undertaken for the vindication of his country's honour. England, by her degenerate act3 and shifts, has lowered herself in the estimation oi every Government in Europe. Her impu dent dictation and her officious intermeddling hare made her few friends, and tended to alien ate from her those nations she encouraged and deceived. But if anything more were wanting to destroy her moral power in Europe it would be supplied by her systematic injustice and gross mismanagement of Ireland. England, that has been the self-constituted defender of the nation* alities of other countries, has most shamelessly and cruelly trampled on the nationality^of Ire land. She has been Democratic, Radical Revolutionary abroad, and she has .main tained on Irish soil a tyranny fouler and. more detestable than was ever enthroned at St. Petersburg. She has drawn up a code :of morality of Foreign Powers which brands her with the deepest injustice in her administration of Ireland. She has vaunted herself as the mighty Evangelist of liberty of conscience; to the world, and she has intolerantly resorted- to every trick, strained every nerve, and stopped at no excess of brutality or malice to insult, dis train, and outrage the religious convictions* of Catholic Ireland. She has forced upon us an alien Church which we reprobate and detest ; she has hampered and restricted our education, hemming . it in with penal disabilities in defiance of the principles she trumpets forth to the world, and in violent and embittering antagonism to the instincts and teaching of the Faith of Ireland. Can we, therefore, wonder that England has not the moral power she once possessed; and with the late revolution in Jamaica circulated over the world, and the terrible convulsion of the public mind in Ireland, a standing commentary on her rule in that country, can we wonder that her moral influence should continue to grow more and more beautifully less, till she sinks into the position of a second rate Power of Europe ? Some day, perhaps, the principles she has circulated so widely abroad, in justification of the struggles of Poland, may be turned against herself when she is invited to take her place at a future Con gress of nations, and cannot courteously refuse her presence. At all events, however political combinations may grow more and more puzzling in Germany, and whatever may be the conse quences of a struggle, on which France will not look with cool indifference, or Russia without ' the deepest concern and interest, England can now do little to remove the dangers of the future rvr rlissina-fcp. a nark nf ?kViak nlnnrJ +.haf; is 0at.herinff over the horizon of Europe, and may contain in its angry looks some of that fire of heaven, which strikes when it is least expected, but is never theless directed by the hand of Him who forged the thunderbolb less for the clearing of the air around us, than the manifestation of His power ? and the vindication of His justice. — LniverssZ News. A Ghost that'll do. — We are not partial to ghosts. They are doubtless very well in their place, but we don't consider this eWorld the place. Byron's suggestion that a body and soul together are ahead of a soul solus, may be some what sophistical ; but we certainly prefer cased souls to uncased as companions and visitants on ' this visible diurnal sphere.'' In the world to come, we may well indulge an opposite pre ference, holding ever to the sound principle of like to like. But they have a ghost out in Indiana that we relish, and recognise as a suit able visitant to souls still tabernacled in flesh. He was once (such is the averment) a Mr. Orrin Elder, who in 1853 went to California, leaving a-wife and two daughters behind him, and was killed there in 1860. His wife lived in poverty since he left her, trying to subsist by washing, &c.; Two weeks since, her younger daughter died, and five adult relatives and friends were watching beside the corpse, when, at 10 p m., the dead father glided in — though no door nor window was open, and while all sat transfixed with amazement, walked up to the coffin, placed on it a bag containing 67 10-dollar gold pieces (none of your ' Legal Tender') and a bit of paper on which was written 'Restitution for Mary,' and instantly vanished, not taking away the mint-drops, which the First National Bank of Indiana was very willing to take and credit to Mrs. Elder, allowing her the current premium. We have not the least wish to cross- examine Mr. ., Wilber C. Mclntire, who says he witnessed the apparition and saw the ghost and his shinera. All we have to suggest is, that he be invited to come often, bringing with him ' troops of friends' — not forgetting the castings. Despite Mr. Stephen's strong prejudices, we think he would in time be welcomed to almost every fireside. New York Tribune. Shocking Case. Civilised England.— A shocking case of child murder was investigated before a coroner's jury in London, on Thursday. James Cooper, verger of St. Mark's Church, St. Luke's, last Saturday night, at 11 o'clock, found a dead child on the steps ot tne vestry door ot the church. It was wrapped in an old silk apron. Dr. H. C. Harris said the child (a girl) had lived, and there was a punctured wound in the skull on the right side of the head, and that wound had been caused by a gimlet being turned in the skull. The child had evidently cried, for there was a piece of adhesive sticking plaster covering the mouth. That had been done; no doubt, with the intention of preventing the deceased's screams from being heard. The skull was fractured in four places on the left side of the head, and from that circumstance' taken in connection with the fact that the skin was peeled off from the child's ankles, as if they had been tightly grasped by a hand, witness was of opinion that the fractures of the skull had been caused by dashing the deceased's head against a stone doorstep. The left eye had been blackened by a blow. There was a large bruise on the right thigh, as if it had been firmly grasped with n Y\nr\A -iirliilo anmo TniTiriAa wara V*oinrr i-nflir»4-.a*l f]f AACV&AVft;, VF.AAAV/ .J1^»^.«* »** I fc»» A«s» VW^S^V IfWA**^^ * ' T f * ? ^ t V^ 1 1 % upon the body. The coroner said that the present was one of the most brutal cases of murder which had ever come under his. notice, ? J The jury returned' & verdict of ' Wilful murder ' against some person or pei»;-ns unknown.' Meat and drink. — 'How are you, .John t I'm glad to see you.' 'Very well, Charley j come and take a drink, old fellow ; 'tisn't oftea we meet.' ' That's a fact, John ; andw^enw* do, it's meet and drink.' : - 