THB BRISBANE EXHIBITION. Many of the inhabitants of die city of Brisbane were agreeably surprised by the appearance, in the local papers, of an advertisement relative to the present 'exhibttiou' in the ex-Concert Boom ?x -Theatre in Buabetb-etreet. Not being exactly certain of itewhere abrata, I proceeded in the direction indicated by the advertisement; and, observing 'The flag that braved a thousand yean the battle ud Hie breeze,' (represented by an 'Ensign,' which, in detective phraseology, ' From information received,' I find was borrowed from the captain of an oyster eraft trading in the hay,') float ing in front of a building in Btinbeth-rtreet. t came tatae«OBehtion1bat,in the building in question, the exhibition w to b» held. I accordingly 'paid my bob,' and entered. My first sensation was one of air prise at the panoity of the articles exhibited, bnt for the information of die public, I particularise a few, of the most prominent objects. 1\. A leather medal, presented to Robert Cribb, Esq., by the Colonists of Queenslind, as a testimonial of their sincere respect for his exertions in the matter of ' Equity Reform ;' on the obverse of the medal is tbe impression (some what indistinct) of the endorsement of a bill of costs, on the reverse is the motto, ' Every man who is his own lawyer, has a fool for bis client' 2\. A specimen of the timbers of the 'Hamlet's Ghost,' exhibited by the Hon. George Harris, with the intention of illustrating the proverb about ' Putting new wine into old bottles. 3\. A photograph of tbe 'Wild Scotchman,' for warded by the Hon. the Attorney- General. i. A splendid oil painting (not by Raphael) of tbe ' Hon. Arthur MacaliBter as he appeared op tbe 24th of May last, in Highland costume, dancing MJuillie Callum,' and thinking of the cares of State simulta neously. 5\. A subscription list for the building of a Church in Brisbane, shewing the amounts promised, but never to be paid. 6\. A Jew Fish caught near the bridge, ' Under the p&tronags; of Lady Bowen,' who is supposed to have shouted a pint of beer on the occasion of his capture. 7\. A specimen of the linen nsed in the lying in Hospital, rather of an Isabella colour. 8\. The tile ' caved in' of a gent who didn't know where to put it, on his first visit to Government House. 9\. Wax figures of some of the Brisbane (would be) aristocracy, who looked as if they ' couldn't help it.' 10 .An imprint done on brown raper, with red ochre, of a specimen of the honorable Mr. WuUhW legislative eloquence. II.' A sweet potato grown on the ground of his Worship the Mayor, who is supposed to have paid more for its cultivation than a ton of similar articles would cost him. 12\. Alderman Pettigrew's estimate of tbe cost of setting the Brisbane river on fire. 18\. A bust done in Queen-street mud of the fowl which took the second prize at. the last poultry show. 14\. A chair made by an aboriginal out of a gum-tree, he having no tools except a knife anil a pipe of tolaoco. 16\. The last cheque drawn by the Municipality on the Bank of Queensland, which was ' duly honored,' 16\. A specimen of the schedules filed by numbers of Rockhamptnn insolvents, coupled with a photograph of the largcstcreditor's phiz, as he looked at the ' balance sheet.' ? /. me dissected nrain ot an nmcial assignee, in which by a peculiar process peculiar to the operator, the ideas of the said assignee as to ' commissioner' are made quite apparent, 18\. A model of a patent hearse, exhibited by Mr. Ebenslon, the principle being ' to store 'em away quietly.' 19\. A specimen of cotton, grown by labourers on the land of the Manchester Cotton Company, which labourers had to ' whistle for their wages.' 20\. k portrait of the Sheriff returning—' Nulla Bonn.' 21\. Two bananas, stolen by a small boy from the Government Gardens. They seemed quite green — small boy made a mistake. These are the principal things which attracted my attention. If anything else occurs — or recurs, whichever you like— I will note it. Meantime believe me, Yours ever, BILL SMITH 