NEAVÍS AND NOTES BY A SYDNJflY MAN. . 01X. Thursday, Juno 21. Tnis is, if my momory serves correctly, the " longest day " in England, and bluo skies and balmy weather provail. Great woidd bo the j contrast with tho present weather aspects in /Sydney. For the last fortnight the sky has borne tho huo of pea- soup mixed with potatoo water-the rain has only been diversilied be- tween an avalanche aud a piercing drizzle, and the intervals have been filled up with choking | fogs. Of course tho prevailing disorder is very little mitigated in severity. For my part I am sick and tired of mentioning tho subject, as your readers must bo of hearing of it, and I merely mention it as part of the current nows. Pcoplo cannot shake oil' tho complaint, and all i agree that it is tho worst of the kind thal has been known in Sydney. Our political world is dull enough at present. It is to be presumed that Ministers aro prepar- ing themselves to mako a respectablo appearance | before Parliament on tho 24th July next. In tho meantime, Mr. Cowper has gone to Welling- ! ton in the Kuikoura, and will return, so says a ! paragraphapparentlyun authority,in timo fortbo opening of tbo next Session. I don't know whether Mr. Cowper's visit to New Zealand is of a public or a private character, and therefore con merely mention what is spoken of here that the genoral Government of that colony, l being desirous of recognising its departments, offered some terms to Air. W. Forster to assist in that'service, it being supposod that his official knowledge.in this colony would bo useful. Ho did not go, however, as had been expected, and somo havo conjectured that the superior ad- ministrativo experience of Mr. Cowper ha3 been invoked by the Wellington Government ; but this is merely a loose conjecture. The Kuikourn, by the way, bad to anchor on the Sydney Bide of the Sow und Pigs reef, when going out, as it was low water and a very low tide, so that thero was but 25 feet depth on the reef, and the steamer, being deeply hiden with coal, drow 27 feet. She passed over easily, however, at high water. Through having so deep a hold of tho water sho did not look in tho slightest degreo overladen ; but I supposo boing built for Bpood as woll as -sea-going qualitios, it has boon considered wiso to givo her a good deep keel. Tho Ruahino arrived hero on Tuesday night, and is much admired. Sho is sister ship to the Kaikoura, but of a somewhat hoavior tonnage. By way of Nowcostlo Bomo Auckland papors to tho 4th of Juno have been received. Thero is no further Maori nows ; but somo of your pastoral rendors may bo interested in tho fol- lowing with roforonee to tho breed and prico of sheop : " On Saturday, tho screw stearaor Auckland, Captain HagIey,'took a lot of first-class loug wooled owes from this province for Hawke s Bay. The lot consisted of twonty owo lambs, nuiging from Bevon to eight months. Thoy woro from tho stock of Mr. Goorgo Howard, Tamaki, and wero uought on tho furm at £5 per hoad. Looking at the sheep, their symmetry, and fleece, us well as thoir first-class breed, this prico must bo regarded as low. Howovor, wo aro very glad, indood, that tho high merit of tho Auckland flocks is becoming known and appre- ciated in tho southern provinces. Whon wo stato that Mr. George Howard lins already' sent four lots of his long-woollod sheop to tho south, and that his roturns woro £10 to £15 per hoad for owes, and £15 to £30 per head for rams, wo need not say anything further to lix their value It is vory gratifying lo find that gontlcuicn Uko Mr. Howard, who givo large sinus of money to seouro tho best blood that can bo procured, should find a ready salo for their produce We know that Mr. Howard paid Mr. Joseph New- man recently £200 for ton ram lambs of fivo months oach. This is only au indication of what gentlemen in this provinco aro doing to improvo their Hocks, and keep up their reputa- tion ns eheop-brcetlors. Although wo havo uo large sheep runs in Auckland, it must not thcro foro bo supposed that breeding of sheep has been neglected. Tho Auckland Bottlers havo turned thoir attention to sheop farming, and in Ulis they havo boon ominently successful, as tho returns from tho Otago annual sales, publishod by us, and tho steadily increasing export of sheep from this port, prove But wo would likowiso bo glad to lind somo roturns from tho immonso unoccupied native territory of Auck- land, in tho shapo of wool. Tho runs already leased by several of our settlors will in .timo cfl'ect this object ; but from tho naturo of our settlement, thoso sheop and cattlo runs must always occupy a socondary placo ns a source of wealth and importance. To open them now would bo to plant a barrier of property, which it would be tho interest of tho natives lo pro- tect between oin frontier settlements and tho hostile tribes j and, viowed in a political light, this is most important, for it would givo a gunrantoo that tho improving settlers planted in Waikato and on tho coast «ould remain undis- turbed in dovolopiug the resources of tho soil. Returning, howover, to tho point wheuco wo started-namely, tho exportation of a small flock of valuable long-woolled owes from Mr. G. Howard's flock to Hawko's Bay, wo may add, that for tho last two years Mr. Howard's wool commanded Hie highest prico at Mr. A. Buck land's wool sales." Tho samo pnpers contain particulars of a " novel engagement" between tho allied Chilian and Peruvian Bquadron and two Spanish ships of war, off (ho Chilian couBt. I encloso you tho account, n hielt, (hough somewhat tamo nftorlho desporato battles that havo lately been fought in Amorico, gives quite a sufficient allowauco of bloodshod, But, if by any sad decrco, tho French and English or the English and Ameri- can fleets should como into collision what would bo tho " cusiinllics ?" Tho contingency is poti livoly awful to reflect upon, ity-thc-byo it would appear from somo hitor Continental nows that the old arrognnco of Prussia towards Eng- land continues, and that it would not tnko much to causo a "lluro up" between (ho two nations. I find tho following paragraph floating about, and givo it as of some iutoroBt at tho prosont lime : " The mimes of Messrs. Ovorend, Gurney, and Co. aro now in everybody's mouth. It was deemed iinpossiblo that so old mid well-estab- lished a linn should iail, and when it WBB announced thut their liabilities amounted to £15,000,000 (flílccn millions) sterling, pooplo looked incredulous, and said ' thora must bo a mistuko in Iho figures !' It may bo so ; but thero can bo no doubt that tho liabilities of the firm would bo immense; thoir assots would also bo very considerable At this juncture it will bo interesting to givo Bomo particulars not generally known us to Iho origin of tho celebrated discounting firm of Over- did, Gurney and Co. Tho original namo of tho firm was Richardson, Ovorend and Gurney, all belonging lo tho Soeioty of Friends (Quakers). Mr. Riohurdson commonced his lifo ns a clerk to Messrs. Smith and Holt, bill brokers, of old Broad-slrcct. Tho lato Mr. J. Overend was a cashier in tho bunk of Sir J. Ensdailo and Co., at tho samo timo that" Mr. S. Gurney was in Fry and Chapman's Bank. Mr. Ovoroud lind been at Easdmlo's Bank for many years, and ior some time prior to his leaving tho bank had carried on business sub rosa, as a bill broker, having an office in ono of tho many courts which lead oil' Cornhill. Finding his business increase, ho told Mr. Ensdailo he must lcavo tho bank, as lie lind too much business of his own to attend longer to iho business of tho bank. So Mr. Overend left ; Mr. Richardson at the samo timo loft his employers and joined Mr. Ovorend; subscqueutly, Mr. S. Gumoy wa3 takon into Iho firm-and thus was formed tho celebrated dis- counting hoiiBO of Overend, Gumoy and Co., which for a long Beries of years carried on an immonso business with the English pro- vinces, and with tho wholo of tho continents of Europo and Amorica. Their crodit was practically unlimited, and the fact that thoir liabilities aro estimated ut £15,000,000, is u proof of the estimation in which their names wero hold in . tho money markets of tho world. Eventually Iho discounting firm was merged into a limited joint stock company, but Iho old style and title was retained, with the significant parontliotical addition of ("limited"). Now that tho houso (or, moro properly spoaking, the Limited Liability Co.) has stopped payment, not a fow openly declaro their belief that tho merging of the private firm into a public "limited" company was neither more nor less than a delibéralo step taken lo retrieve tho private partners from tho immense liabilities and ruin which, it is said, thoy must havo been waB gradually approaching. But when tho crash came it took the world by surprise It is difficult to understand how Overend, Gumoy and Co, could havo foreseen tho political com- plications which havo leccntly occurred in England, or tho approach of war between Austria and Prussia, which has hastened tho Crisis." Now, although I know that your readers aro not likely to accept mo as a very high authority upon monetary and bunking matters, I cannot help hazarding an opinion that there is an error in setting down all theso failures and panics to tho prospect of a German war. 'That may haro something to do with tho matter ; but who can forgot that the Confederacy of America carried on a costly war of four years' duration almost without any monetary resources of their own ? The ports were all at tho command of tho Federals, so Customs dues thero wero nono ; and as to any system of internal taxation, that must havo been very limited, Beeing that nearly tho whole of the Southern population were in the field. Where, then, did tho money como from ? Wo know very well what is said-that tho Confederate Bonds wero token by capitalists in England, and somo in Franco ; and, ii this bo truo, seeing that nono of thoso bonds aro yet paid or aro likely to bo, can it bo surprising that fuilures to tho oxtent of millions aro now" heard of ? If this is not the truo causo, or the main ono, I will forswear finance-a scionco for which I flatter myself that I have a genius. In all seriousness, theso Confederate debts must amount to something astounding. Here is an instance in which. Hamlet's offer to "tako tho ghost's word foi- a thousand pounds" would havo involved a heavy pecu- niary loss to the philosophie Prince. Tho fol- lowing is from the SoitlfiAuslralia» Advertiser; " A gentleman in Adelaide, who has furnished us with his real name and address, has sent us tho/ollowing singular communication, for tho historical accuracy of which ho most positively vouches. lu thcBo days of spiritualism tho story will doubtless intorost many, although in placing I it before the public wo givo it simply as an in stnnco of pure and simple montid delusion. Tho communication is ns follows :-.' Tuesday, 5th j instant, was a timo of considerable interest and I oxcitoraont.to many of tho residents in and about 1 the Glen Osmond Road. In that neighborhood t thero rosidos nu old gentleman (whoso namo I t need not mention) who for a sorios of years past | has predicted that ho should dio on tho 5th of J une, 18GG, on the authority (so ho statod) of a I supernatural revolatiou, ïuerodiblo as tho state- ment may appear, thero is not a Bhudow of I doubt, tho old gentleman fully boliovod that two [ angolB (years ago) appeared to him, and told i bim that ho should dio on tho day mentioned. 1 Ho informed tho writer that ho sow thom ns A plainly and as distinctly as ho saw your inform- I ant. Ho describod thoir form, manner of up ponrance, &e;, Sec, and has always (so far as I can learn) told tho samo talo-varying in nothing. In other respects ho is a sano man : li intelligent, simplo-miudcd, and truthful. About a li fortnight ago, though very uuwell, so convinced y was hoof his iiupondiugdissolution.audof tho uso lcssuess of eorthryrcmediosthat he refused to take medicino, but asked his doctor to como on tho 6th of Juno, that ho might sign tho certificate of his dooeaso. Through tho wholo of tho night If of tho 4th ho was carofully watched and at- ti tended by his family, and by somo of his co- religionists. I am informed, ono zoalous sistor borrowed a watch, Hint she might noto tho ! oxnet momont of his departure Up to 3 ' o'clock on the morning of tho 5th these people t sat in solemn silence, uttering not n word, bul ti looking for tho coming ovont, when tho old Ä gentleman suddenly told (horn to sing a hymn. & Tho hymn -was sung, and the weary vigil con- -E tinued. As hour after hour passed, tho anxiety ,l of thoso who believed in tho fulfilment of tho i prophecy becumo intcuso ; but' at tongtli, ns timo elapsed, and no dissolution ensued, Iho tension of feeling begau lo íelax, and whon (ho 5th finally passed away, and tho old gontlomun still survived, all anxiety disappeared. How fur somo of tho friends boliovod in tho realisa- tion of this prodiction deponent saitli not, be causo ho does not know ; but that tho old gentleman had a most assured uud abiding failli respecting it, I am in a position to assort. Ar- J gumont was usoless with bim-discussion vain ; b bo had seen the nugcls and thero was au mid ol' g it. Altogether, it was ono of tho most perfect t cases of hallucination Hint over foil uudor my II notice 1 am happy to bo able lo add Unit on f tho Gth of Juno tho old and foeblo subject of d this romnrkublo delusion wus doing woll." t The Government of this colony, in considera- 'J lion of tho hardships sullbred by porsons accused of lunacy, who undor prosont arrangements aro lodged in tho common gaol before being removed to an asylum, has como to tho humano and judicious decision of having u temporary ro- I ceiling establishment constructed on somo of d the vacant ground in tho vicinity of Darlinghurst prison. A gardon will bo planted, and boro suspected lunatics will havo a fair chanco of ro- g covering from any temporary aberration, without 1 being goaded to raving madness by tho horrors of a gaol; Our Sydney journals havo boon much occu- pied-and I do not think unprofitably- in dis- cussing tho dobntes in tho Houso of Commons on tho Reform Bill, and their bearing upon Iho alleged violont democratic tendencies of Now South Wales. Now, as it has also boon some- what fushiomiblo in Queensland to adopt asimi- lar tono, I would invito tho attention of your renders to tho following extract from nu article 3 in this day'B Empire, which to my mind shows 1 conclusively that what is culled "universal i BiiiTriigo" hero is fully ns restrictive and conscr- f valivo ns (ho electoral scheme of tho Constitu- 1 tiou Act which is in force in your colony. Rut read and judge for yoursolf : " Much as was said of tho evil ollbcls oí democracy in Australia, mid the mii.c)iiof that I ( had flowed from tho adoption ol' what was I called ' universal auftrüge,' wo ßhall show that no such suflriigo exista, and thal the misting doctoral law is, in oll'cct, moro restrictivo than Ihut which prccodod it ; yot it was oppoBod willi tho samo kind of arguments that Inn o mot tho now reform bill, and it is now quoted on all occasions as a frightful oxamplo ol' tho reckless- | 1 ness and tho levelling tondoncios of democracy. Under our present law no mun can volo os n moro resident, unless ho shall have buen three yours in tho colony, and resident in I ho electoral district for which his volo is to bo given for nt I least six months before (ho dolo of milking 1 out the doctoral lists. Thoso conditions aro, i for all practical purposes, tho same as obtained 1 uudor the old law. This is tlio residentiary t qualification-throo years in tho colony, and at least six montliB in tho doctoral district. But tho Act contains other mid distinct qualifications, recognising tho oluiniH of property and capital, and dispensing willi tho residentiary qualification of threo years. Tho possession for six months of a 'froohold or lease- hold estate of tho vuluo of a hundred pounds, or ton pounds annually ; tho occupancy for a Uko period of any houso, warehouse, couuting-honso, room, shop, or building of tho annual valuo of | ton pounds ; or Iho possession for six mont Im of a pastoral lease of Crown lands-cither of thoBo qualifications givo a title to a voto. To talk of universal suffrage, therefore is to talk in uttor ignoranco of tho merits of tho subject. Tho electoral system comprised in tho Constitution Act, and which was superseded by the present law, would hnvo enfranchised nearly all who now havo tho right, besides a great many others who havo been oxcluded by tho existing Act. Tho following wero tho qualifications under that ' system :-A freehold Cátalo of tho clear valuo of o hundred poundB ; tho occupnny for six months of a house or otlior building worth ton pounds a year ; a leasehold estate worth ten pounds a year, which hud either been threo years in possession or had threo years to run ; a pastoral liconso held for six months ; a Biilnry of ono hundred pounds a yoar ; tho occupancy of any room or lodging and paymont of forty pounds a year for board and lodging, or ten pounds a year for lodging only. Such wero tho qualifications under the old law ; and wo beliovo it would be difficult to BIIOW that any who now claim to voto under tho residen- tiary qualification of the present Act would not havo been equally entitled under tho old one Commencing with the indispensable condition that a man must havo resided threo ! years in tho colony and six months in his electoral district, ho must bo a person of somo settled habits. If ho pay a rent of only four shillings a week for soma house or room to lay his head in, or a similar rent for a leasehold, or roceivo a salary ut tho rato of two pounds a week only, or pay'about /¡Keon shillings and sixpence a week only for board and lodging combined, ho would bo qualified under tho former electoral law. Now wo would ask any reasonable person whether it is possiblo for any man who bus been threo years in tho colony, and has resided six months in ono electorate to avoid coming undor one or othor of theso conditions ? This then is Iho class to which our so-cullod * manhood sullrago ' electors belong ; and besides theso wo still I have tho hundred pound freeholders and the ' holders of pastoral licenses. It ia not easy to discover anything very dangorous electoral roll so constructed. It is only fair to stato that the new law caused a considerable chango by oxcluding tho extra vote for salaries of £100, undor which arrangement many young mon of somewhat aristocratio notions exercised two votes-ono for their salary and ono/or thoir lodgings ; but was this fuir? I say no. Another artido in this day's Empire refers also to a subject in winch some of your readers may bo interested. It is a commentary upon Bomo remarks of tho Rev. Dr. Cranbrook, on tho subject of preachers and preaching. Dr. Cranbrook confesses that sermons arc usually dull and uninteresting, and 6ays-" I fear they aro failures ;" but he seems to attri- bute this to the severe adherence of congrega- tions to old patterns, and their intolerance of innovation. This the articlo in question dis- putes, and it concludes thus:-"Those who want twaddlo and cant, superstition and fable, served out in such a way as to assure them of salvation, while thoy cheat all who trust them, and persecuto or harass all who doubt their sreed, arc numerous enough overywhero ; but theso aro the very people who stand in greatest awo of tho proachev ;, who do his bid- { ding right or Arong, and not only forgive his faults, but hido and deny them.- To givo theso mun credit for moulding (ho preacher, for pro- scribing limits to tho rungo ol his thoughts, mid compelling him to make sermons which havo noitlior thought nor point in thom, is, to say tho least, a mistake. Theso mon, or such as they aro, may not want God's truth., Thoy uro certainly woll contont with that which has, as thoy think, boen proclaimed by authority, bo it pope's or king's, saint's or bishop'B, priest's or parson's ; aud, if thoy want no moro, it is becuuso thoy have beon taught thal moro was ovil. But whatever bo tho nature or oxtont of intolerance among tho people, it is not the pooplo who nmko preachers what they aro. It would bo much noarer tho truth te say that tho peoplo ara what tho proachors make thom, so fur at least as religious intoloranco is concerned. It is tho preacher, or his schoolmaster, who di- rects and imparts religion, or whnt is called re- ligion, lo tho young, and tho majority know little about religion boyond what Iheyleuru in youth. If people grow up ready to find horesy, und to porseculo it, ovon m a preacher, whoso fault is that ? Who has trained (ho peoplo to l'ogard ovory mun as a siunor, and ii seoundrol, who happens to believe a littlo moro or ú little less than themselves ? Who has taught thom to curso and lo porsoeuto horotics whon thoy ought to bo seeking instruction for thomsolvos ? Assuredly Dr. Cranbrook lias not pushed his inquiry fur enough." There appears a telegram from Melbourne this morning, reporting from a Hokitika paper, that Mr. wood, the fathor of the notorious Mrs. Kinder, had been fined £2, for destroying a wax work figure of the late unfortunate Kinder, in the wax exhibition Hokitika. Fancy that woman continuing to live, with her father, in a place where she is so well known and noto- rious. One does not know which of the parties to feel the most disgust for. Bv tho Telegraph, s., wo havo rocoived files from Sydney to tho 19lh instant. Tho & M. Herald, of that dato, stales that tho commit leo of tho Wivonhoo Estate Fund assomblod in largo numbers last night, at tho Metropolitan, King- street-Mr. Richard Jones boing called to the chair. Tho nuil ter that on grossed (ho attention of tho committee was tho obtaining imuiodinto paymont ol' tho' amounts promised but not yet paid in, and cer- tain steps wero determinod lo oilbel that object during tho week. Additional subsoriptions lo tho amount of about £200 wero announced. The committco adjourned until Thursday oron iug next, ni 7 o'clock. ACOIUKNT AT ST. LHONAUBS.-On Saturday evoning lusl, about 7 o'clock, Mr. John Hard- ing, while passing ulong the main road of St. Leonards, and not being tnviiro of tho new and dangerous chasms which havo boon mado in it by Iho late heavy ruins, drovo his horso and dray into ono of thom, und was thrown with groat violence from tho dray. Ho was carried homo apparently dead, and Dr. Ward, who was in alteudanco in a few minutos, found that ho had sustained sovoro und dangerous intornnl injury, hcumorrhago from tho lungs having com monood. Mr. Harding, who lins a wife and fivo small children entirely depondont upon his per- sonal oxortious for thoir support, now ROB in a very precarious state through (his accident, oc- casioned, without doubt, by Iho disgrncoful state of tho thoroughfares in this suburb, tho roads boing in nanny places nearly impassable If tho accidont had happened to somo largo laudowiior or to a Promier, nn oll'cctual roiuody would in a short timo be applied ; but killing a fow industrious citizens, and leaving theil familios destitute, scorns to bo a matter of small consoquonoo,-(Communicated,)-Ibid. MoVEMhHT AMONO TUB DllAYMlîN.-TllO recent notification of tho Govomment, inviting (enders for tho eonvoynneo of goods by di-uj-, to und from Iho Sydnoy Railway terminus, has oxcited Iho hostility of tho draymen ol' tho city. Hitherto tho contraéis for dray labor con- nected with tho railway has boon confined to Iho delivery of wool, whilst tho contract into which tho Minister for Works now sooks lo enter will embroco tho convoyuueo to and de- livery from tho terminus, of all classes of goods. A preliminary meeting of master draymen was convonod last cvoniug at tho Prince of Wales Hotel, Gcorgo-Blreot South, and about sovcnly attended, Iho chairman (Mr, Duly) stilting thut (ho object was lo lako Btops against a proceeding by whioh immy industrious and liouost mon would bo deprived of the means of earning u livelihood for themselves and families through tho establishment of a monopoly by tho Govern- ment. Mr. A. Walker, who, judging from the apparent coneurronco willi which his remarks wero received, appenrcd to express tho views of I tho mooting, said tho contract proposed by tho Government would bo an injustice not only to draymon gcnertilly, but to immy other persons engaged in stores, who would bo thrown out of employment, and their families loll without (ho mcuns of maintenance Whon tho Colonial Secretary had said that ho had worked till "tho blood started from his finger ondB," that Mr, Byrnes liad worked his way up by labor, and that this was a people's Ministry, it could scarcely bo understood how the Government could take such a stop us thal now proposed, so prejudicial was it to the hard-working draymon of this city. Theso mon ho (Mr. Wulkoi') oslimated at about 1000, and coiiBuiuing dutiablo goods to tho extent of about £10,000 per annum. These mon, deprived of their employment, would havo to 6cek tho means of living elBowhoro, as thoy must oura it by tho sweut of thoir brow. Any Government ought to bo condomncd that inter- fered with private ontorpriso in such an unjust w'ny. Tho presentation of a potilion against tho proposed injustice would probably havo a bene- ficial effect in slopping tho acceptance of such a contract, but if not, thoro was a way of doul ing with Minisleis whon thoy carno beforo their constituents as servants of tho peoplo. Ho moved that a committco bo formed to make ar- rangements for a large meeting of draymon gonorally in somo public hall, in order then to consider tho mutter and udopt a petition to bo presented lo tho Minister for Works. This boing seconded by Mr, W. Williams, was ugreed lo unanimously. Tho committco appointed woro Messrs. Duly, Sutton, Williams, Short- land, Cordon, Manning, Gallagher, Walker, M'Miihon, Purcell, Flanagan, Leo, Burnett, M'Call'roy, Maxwell, Custon, Smith, Prico, and Henry. A subscription to defray tho oxponso? was forth« ith oponod, Mr. Williams being ap- pointed treasurer, Mr. M'Call'roy secretary. A volo of thanks to tho chairman brought tho pro- ceedings to a close.-Ibid. COLONIAL Aire.-Mr. Abraham, tho sculptor (whoso talents havo been, for many years past, as much appreciated by tho discriminating fow as they havo been disregarded by tho many), has just finished, from life, a very fitio bust of Sir John Young. This work of colonial art, executed by Mr. Abraham, for Mr. Billyurd, of Darlinghurst, is a bpouk ing likeness of his Excellency ; in which the sculptor has not only succeeded in repro- ducing tho features of tho distinguished per- sonage roprcsonlod, but also in imparting to thoso features that mild and dignified expres- sion which is so characteristic of tho original. It is understood that Mr. Abraham proposes to preparo casts of this bust lo meet the demands of all thoso who may bo pleased, in this instance, to extend their patronage to colonial art ; and who may wish to possoss snell a pleasing memo- rial of one of tho most popular of our Governors -u gcntloman who, in tho ublo and dignillod performance of bia Viceregal duties, has beon fortunato enough to win tho respect and csteom of all members of our community. _ Tho bust of Sir John Young is now on view in Mr. Abra- ham's studio, in apartments kindly provided wi- llie uso of the sculptor in tho rear of Mr. Bill yard's residence, at Darlinghurst, nour St. John'» Church. In the studio tliero is also nnothor very interesting object-the model of a bust of II.lt.H. tho lato Prince do Coudé,-a work which, oven in its present incompleto state, BO strongly resembles the original, that Iho hand- some, pain-impressed, and statuesque features of that omiablo and lamented prince aro theroby vividly recalled to tho memory of the sym- pathising spectator. Casts of these busts will doubtless be grcutly in demand in all tho Austra- lian colonies, especially tho bust of Princo Louis d'Orléans, whoso undo, Iho Priuco do Joiïivillo, sy is, wo perçoive, about to visit Australia.-Ibid. of A correspondent of tho S. ilf. Herald states be that on Wodnesday, 6th Juno, tho rosidenco of m Mr. Richard King, of lîulourio, was stuck up or by tluW armed bushrnngors, nono of thom CUB- OJ guiscd. " Jemmy tho Whisperer," who was ol lorinorly a mato of Thunderbolt, was tho cup- rr Itiin ; they took what, money Mr. King had by A hint, also somo stores. The sumo evening, thoso li scoundrels proceeded on lo Rocky Crook mid ti stuck - up Mr. John Arndcll's residenco ; all d threo wero mounted on splendid horses, with t( their coats shining IIB if stiiblo-fcd, presenting a ti sinking coin rasl lo tho miserable horses sup- si plied to tho polico in this district. Unless the ti polico aro bettor mounted, these mon aro likoly ci to continuo their doprodntiona for a long timo fe to como, I append a description of tho trio :- a] " Jommy tho Whisperer" was mounted on n si beautiful bay horso ¡ Jommy stands about 5 h foot <t iuchos, groy oyes, with light hair rnthor p incliuod to curl, luid a slight limp in his walk ; h woro cord brooches, long boots, liglit-colorod pi thick coat, now cabbugo-troo hat with volvot ol round it ; ago about thirty. Tho second was a bi tall man, with bluo oyos ; mouutod ou a fino ci groy horso, branded WO on tho nonr thigh of w hind log, supposod to bolong to Mr. Cobcroft ; ti ho woro dark trousers, light color B thiok coat, dirty-looking Californian hat, oi long boots undor trousors ; Blands about li C foot 10 iuchos, hail' light, with ti bonni, whiskors, and mouslacho; ago about b twonly-oight. Tho third man woro cord o breeches, long boots, diirk coat, dark California li hut ; dark hair and whiskers ; stands about 5 d foot 8 inches ; kopt ut a distance, with his hat over his eyes ; rodo chosiiut horse Tho money ti talton from Mr. King consisted of a cheque drawn by Mr. Snape, ol' Warialda, in Mr. King's fin or, for £5 12s., (luted somo timo in January, Bunk New South Wales, Sydney ; four £1 notes, half-sovereign, ono pair blankets, somo tobacco, mid othor miscellaneous articles. Tho JSmpiro ol' (ho l'JIh instant gives Iho fol- lowing account ol' Sunday morning breakfasts and night refugo for the poor :-From linio to timo uotico has appeared in this paper of tho Q onco novel but now systematic and familiar le modo of charity oxorciscd at tho 'Tomporanco Hall, Pitt- streot, ovory Sunday morning. Tho breakfast thoro prowded for thoso who luivo not the moans ot scouring for themselves ii com fortablo meal has boon continued now for yours without intermission ; and, ns might bo ox- yi peeled, tho number of guests at snell a meiil Vi lins increased. Lately thero havo been as ti ninny us 150 at tho broakfnst. LnBl Sunday hi morning thoro woio 100, namely, 82 si mon and l8 women. . Ono who was prosont lo soo tho proceedings, arriving outsklo tho door ut 7 a.m., BIIW II lurgo number, including soveral old and decrepit persons, some boult hy mid Btrong young men, whom nothing bul tho impossibility of getting wngos for tho prosont can justify in onjoying li Biicli a party, und somo whoso countenances and ti mnmior plainly showed that thoy had iii bolter «? days enjoyed tho ndviiutngcs of good education, ti A few minutes after 7 (ho door was opened, and w nbout 80 porsons pushed eagerly in. Twonty ti moro dropped in iil'torwiirds one by ono. Thoro di was iimnlo room and provision for thom nil ut ol Iho tablos, Mr. and Mrs. Armstrong, of Liver- B pool- stroot, and Mr. und Mrs. Goorgo Lucas, of ol Frunois-stroct, who have all ulong, with tho w occasional aid of sovoral frionds, and moro b constant help from othors, bora tho tusk, of ti gelling tho breakfast provided for the poor, " wero ns usual superintending tho all'uir. Other I' friends of tho good work wero with thom assist- I ing in sorving tho guosts. Aftor all had joined p in singing grnco, toa und coffoo, according to ñ tho tasto of cadi of Iho guests, and good fresh t bread mid butter wero handed round to thom ; t and whatever may bo tho condition of thoso u peoplo at other times, thoy certainly found ¿ thomsolvos treated willi polito attention as t wdcomo guosts on HUB occasion. When nil 1 woro satisfied, brief addresses, of a warning li and encouraging character woro ddivei-od- s by sovoral Irionds, mid woro listened lo s with respectful and earnest attention, Somo p cunio forward al the conclusion to sign tho lol ni r abstinence pledge It is known that UICBO a breakfast mootings havo boon Iho occasion of p leading somo porsons of deprnvod habits to ro- t form their livos ; and from somo to whom help " mid ad vico was thoro kindly afforded, expressions « of gratitude, uccompiinicd by pound notes to r próvido similar roliol for otlicrs, havo boon ro ucived. Mr. and.Mrs. Lucus, who havo taken t pnrl m providing thoso breakfasts, havo ulso, for u many months piiBt, provided on thoir own pro- n miso-«, in Francis-elrcol, Woolloomooloo, ii night o rofugo for tho houseless poor. Whilo othors o havo in writing und spocch urged the necessity ^ of such a refugo, theso kind frionds of tho poor t mid noody hnvo for a long fimo given a Biippor r and a rosting piuco to somo twolvo or twonty I porsons nightly. ' It will bo soon by advortiso- ' mont that a mooting is lo bo hold this evening J in tho Tomporanco Hall, Pitt-stroel, to appeal to i tho public for aid to continuo und oxtond this 1 clinritablo work. Thoso who havo hitherto t spontaneously taken on thomsolvos Iho duty c ol'relieving distress, aro entitlod to look for help c in the future prosecution of their work of pity. ' ' Oun WiNrmi l'uosi'ECTS.- Tho Western t Examiner of Saturday romarks that previous lo ' tho lato seasonablo ruins, forebodings of a 1 gloomy naturo wore indulged in regarding our ' winter prospects. Having boon luvorod with tho much-nocdod downfall, it may not bo con- I sidcrod out of piuco to tako a prospectivo glance, endeavoring lo ascertain how far those proBpucls havo boen altered, and how adequate tho supply may bo lo tho demand. Commencing with tho staple article-Hour-it cannot be gainsaid that, in this immediate district, wo havo enough and to spare for homo consumption, and doubtless ii I surplus if required. Orango hao been most highly fuvorod amongst othor districts in tho kio harvest; for whilst other portions of tho colony lost nil or nearly all theil- crops from Iho cflects of tho drought, our farmers havo secured ut least half an average crop. Tho price of tho avtielo compared with tho Sydnoy quotations, may bo considered high -, but owing to the im- practicability oí importing from tho metropolis from the high rules of ourringo ruling, a roduc lion cannot bo (¡xpectod. 'The wipply in tlio colony ot the present timo is estimated na show- ing ii surplus of 1501 k tons abovo all require- ments, including the demands likely lo bo mado from Queensland. Accounts from the squat- ting districts uro favorable ; and from somo of the main cattlo marts wo rocoivo tho intel- ligence " completely glutted " appended to tho item "fat cuttle in tho market reports. DoubllcBs as tho season ndvancos, and the grass sjn-ingB, tho present favorablo reports will bo confirmed. Ihus so far us tho items bread and meat are concorned, wo need four no doficiency. Foddor of every description noccssarily remains very high, with no prospect of mi abatement until tho spring. Thrifty housowivos complain of tho absenco of all vegetables, and also fool the heavily-increased weekly oxponscs causod by the advanced prico of tlio ordinary grocery ¡toms. They may expect a still increasing tnriff for a time, as tho supply is limited ; neverthe- less, when augmented, prices will lowor. THE BORDER DUTIES. - The reception to be given in Sydney to the opinions expressed by the Hon. Mr. Parkes, both in the Border country and in Molbourno itself, will indicato whether tho application of tho grossest and most vexatious portion of tho prosont Aus- tralian fiscal Systems is calculated to arouBO any latent principle of social justico in tho moro influential und largely represented portion of tho colony. Tho course now takon in re- ference to thoso duties is oxponsivo and voxa tious, and cannot, to any equivalent oxtont, answer the purpose of tho authors of the clumsy device In a sparsely populuted country, with boundary lines of great ex- tent, tho collection of- tho imposts which are now enacted is ridiculous in the oxtremo, and without any commonsurato ad- vantage. To tho mercantUo classes, as well as to those lhing on Iho bordors of the Victorian und Now South Wales frontiers, Iho duties now collected are found to bo oppressivo and partial, v/hilo tho Melbourne morchauts conceive thoy cripple their operations without in any degreo benc/itting their ncighborsi Tho deputation which waited upon tho. Chief Secretary lost week, during his visit to Molbourno, had for ils object tho removal, if possible, of tliis system, and,'boitig composod of tho committco of tho Molbourno Chambor of Commerce, may bo supposed to havo acquirod in tho twonty months, during which the inhabitants of South- ern Riverina havo beon -smarting undor 'tho operations of tho system, a practical knowlodgo ol' tho impediments it created lo the roquiro< monts of a legitimnto and necossory commerce As boforo noticed, Mr. Parkos appeared to havo gained at each stop of his journey ~ through the territory Bubjcet te the system a deeper disgust at its oxistonco, and confessed to tho doputation of Melbourne merchants that what ho had Boon had given him con- siderable pain, that he was ontiroly opposed to tlio imposition of inland Customs duties,.and considorod thom thoroughly foreign, to the feelings and sympathies ol all Englishmen. Ho appears to hnvo beon astonished at the ab- surdities which presented thomsolvos whon ho mado his observations at threo orossing placos of Albury, Wahgunyah, aud Echuca, and has vory fairly mado publiotho impressions that personal observation created on his mind. No other fooling could possibly cntor tho mind of a business man or politician who was not ruinously , captivated by party animosities, and wo could wish that tho wholo of tlio gontlomen who illus- trated thoir political curoor by this brilliant Border arrangement would spond a fow wooks on tho spot whom thoir schema is in operation. It might bo, that if thoy woro not oonvincod of the fiscal blundor thoy committed, they would bo ashamed of tho absurdities which continually occur. It has novor yet boon shown that abso- luto freo Irado between the two coionios in our direction would militate practically against tho interests of either colony. Tho oxtont of tho trado, and ¡Is peculiar ohuraotcr, uro such as could by no moans iii juro Now South AValos. Deniliquin Chronicle, 3 uno 9. 