-CONDITION OP THE 60DTHERN-STATES. ,.. Journeying Jo thiB region la tedious and fatigolng to the Ult degree ; end I would advise any one ooulera plating a Soathern trip to abandon lt, unions, fortified against tea-'alakhëse, he can ' trust himself and his di« gestion to old Atlantio's billowy1 keeping; 'the TaiUey trains are genc'rallv of the most inconvenient,' shattered ?nd uncleanly character, and do not make at their raul, mum speed more than1 ten miles an. hour, for, whioh yon paysix to ten .oentsTper mlle, ' After every tenor'.'twelve miles of Jolting yon are oompelled to lie ovor, for the day or night, at ions wretched village,.and .defy .dyspepsia by a'melaooboly altsok on oorn-bread . and baoon, whose weight sud strength only during hanger would glvo you courage te invsdo. 'Onmy woy hither I did not lie down for four nights, and, my physical life was a perpetual spasm be- tween starvation and tbe indignation of. an outraged stomach. ,.'",'.' .., , Beautiful faith 'that enables one to believe the'8o«lh the land of delight's and - borne of luxury ; and bettsr still the Inntinot whiob prompts bim to remain at hom,, and cherish bis delusion still.' ' ' ' 6oulh Caroline is as devoid of physical lovelineia and geographical attraction aa can readily be imagined. No State in the Union that is not its superior In thou particulars, and no State where, in proportion to Its ' popolatlon; there is so muoh deplorable ignorance and irrepressible conceit. Jo some sections tbore is a good. deal of literary and political culture but it is culture. only In one direotlon '-devoid of largene>s or profundity-^-tbe'cuUiratlon that began in a belief in the divinity of Slavery, sod ended in the diabolism of Sécession; In and about Charleston; Columbia, and.Beaufort the ohosen homes of tho soi- disautohirjlry-there were men and women of fins understanding and polisbet ; manners, bub they- were never more than onHltstal simpletons ; for they reasoned from Slavery to Nullities.. tion, and adhered to the wretohed fallacy that Cotton 'wasking.'' '"., ,'"', ..;, 1 . ? '.-., V TUB FAU1KTTO OITT.' ' Charleston,'whloh'I,ha»e not vliittd before sine«thi war, looks drearier and duller than I have ever Mor» seen lt. Half of its business portion, still 'in mini, it looks like an American Palmyra with its cotton Zenobia burled beneath ita: sands.. Everything in tbs city reminds me of a past civilisation, and there is bardi; a ' building any where that does not appear more thin « «entury old.. .Qaaint, melancholy place, with iti aleen, tiled raof«, ita crumbling stnooped walls,, its enolosed gardens and'lhlgh'g'ates, its' decayed porticoes, it reminds me of the ruined convents in Spain and the decajiig habi atipes of Southern France.'. : It ls not' difficult lo fanny yourself standing amid the exhumed reafsinsof Herculaneum and Pompeii, la many pacts of the bumed district, so dead and departed is -the appearance ot every thing around. . . ..: n-.-->. If I were os firm a.believer in Spcoiàl Frovidencta si all.genuite.Southerners assnrae to-be, I should bid that the Cbnrlestonians had offatided tho Almighty, sod that be ' had pnniihéd them' for their pride. With a more philosophic because larger, filth, I believe tint, mistaking the spirit' of the age, and blind to the pro- gress of «tents, they violated reason and oommon Mole,, and have paid the natural penalty thereof. !.. , ' ..DKOAT ÓF'TÍIE OLD'HIOIHB. ..'.-' \- Tho Palmetto -Uity-so- called - I prestas, btcHH there aro no p almetto trees in it-U extremely doll,, commercially aid socially/at present. ' Money ia tery scarce and business vapid, and there is not a place sf amusement in the entire town.' ' You see very few of tis original inhabitants'here.' Many of tbe private dwslU inga are empty arid their former residents gone I kaov not where, 'the persons you meet at the hotels, on tb« .wharves, in the street«, aro Northerners induced hither by mercantile or speculative considerations! Tbe oil' society of Charleston, vrhioh the natives here were fend of declaring tbe most exclusive and iaristoaratio OD tbs continent, is broken up and bas beeome a tbiog of tbs SMt. Occasionally yon encounter a sallow, elender, yspeptia looking man who shows by his intense disgut with the existing order of. things that he is a suriivor of tho fallen chivalry, a Wandering ghost in thii ram- yard of interred ¡dear. lt is .very plain be does not relish the change ia - affairs, but I »ru persaaded the change in affairs ls mortlfyingly indifferent to tim Self-conscious, boastfal, pompous, self-declared desceñe", ant of the Huguenots, yon have loamed,a sad but mach needed lesson, though at too late a period in life ts profit by the teaching 1 . SCUTES. ' Old Sumter-historio fort I -looks gloomily oat fron the bay at the' old city, and seems to smile satirical!/ stn'd Its ruins at tho ' proud and haughty Southern race ' who hoped tn overturn a great Republic became ! it would not' sneezo when John C. Calhoun took en:J" A portion ot Sumter still stands, but, the so-called Con- federacy ls no more. The hoary-beaded traitor who courted the distinguished honor ot firing the first shot at tho fort-the shot that made a great war and ia Immortal history- is already forgotten iu a suicide'* grave. ST.' FATKIOC ANT» SECESSION. St. Patrick's D«y waS observed here ia trueSeceulos Btyle. The memory of Preston S. Brooks was drank ia silent reference, and Jeff rson Davie waa alluded to a! " the brave soldier, the learned stateamas, tbe patriot martyr and the suffering saint." lt waa-»rare and delightful occasion when treason obtained a furlough to play tba fool, and South Carolina, wholesomely con- stipated, was privileged to retara to its verbal diarrhoea and its sophomoric orustations. Tn is " orri VALRT" BTir.1. TALKi.ia. The daily press here-represented by tho Courier News, and Sonth Carolinian- are, just now, loud ls their praise of President Johnson, because they ballers him in opposition to the North, sud regale their readers with it poorly disguised article of disloyalty for for diurural pabulum. - -' Many of the Northorn men here-to their shame tl it said-aro repeating tho mortifying sycopbanojef the past by pandering to the treasonable feelings of the South Osrolians for the purpose of obtaining their patronage. They sell their principles with their goods, the latter are dear and the former oheop. ' Not a few of the braggart Charleetonisni,'when they have a fit aadience, are fond of dedaring the nt not over yet ; that tbe stragglo will be resumed sin the South has recovered from ber - exhaustion, and tilt alie . yet will prove to tha odious Yankees that the Southerners are the ruling raoe. Uasoonadlng fools 1 let them talk I They can do to farther haem. They have not been subjugated, of course, but for an " unconquered people", they bare been placed In a permanently awkward predicaoeit, which all their Spiritless attempts at the old iwsggst* lng and boastfulness only renders pitiable snd degru' lng.-Correspoddent New York Tribuno. The attempt« to' introduoe' nitroglycerins iib- [* general nae havo been singularly unfortunate, Inunocl m aa they bare almost all been attended with ie«» f| acoldonla. A terrlblo explosion of this substance toci m plaoe on the lCih ultimo at San Franolsco, where t«fr 1 boxes, each measuring about - four ettbio feet, bid B orrired by' the Paolfio mail steamer. Without MJ | apparent cause tho boxes exploded, ' the ' oonoonba 1 shaking the neighbourhood like an earthquake tit » I quarter of a mile round. ' Fragments of flesh and tooti I wore scattered In every direction, and nearly an mun) I block of buildings was destroyo J. ' ' Tho nl.roglyeenai | wasintendod to bo sold to-the mining1 oompanleiil» I Nerado, Idaho, and Oollerodo, to boused iaile"T | gunpowder for blasting purposes. ? ? >?.".? 1 In a recent memoir, M. Oailletet has published toa)' 1 Interesting statements upon'the aubjeotof tbs dit** jj elation of gasses under high temperatures.. He al* a teated the ganos proceeding from a peoullar foin oj I furnace', In whioh charcoal and ooke wore bornlngi .?<? ? from bli analysis of them he has been lsd toconoWJ ma "that oxygen has no action on hydrogen, oirboo, Ml BS carbonic oxide in the midst of a combustible niu, Vj whloh li maintained at a temperature higher thin tb« MS of the fusing point or platinum." The following-ar* gi the figures resulting from tbe analysis mido by*1' El reiUgot s- ; ; : '. : :. ' r ? H Oxygen......,.,,... 16-34 Mg ? Hydrogen.:l-ÍQy H Oarhonio oxido............ 2-10 BK Carbonic acid.......... 3-0» ? «Itrogén,. -77-8ft ? , 100.0» fl 