THE LATE INTERCOLONIAL CRICKET MATCH. The following interesting remarks on this contest are from the special reporter of tile 8. H. Herald: The anticipations of New South Wales have not been realised. The dismal raticinations of a portion of the Victorian eommunity have been falsillfied. What ever may have been the hopes or thle fears of one side or the other however, easuredly not one among them ever imagined so unqualified a success as has been a?hiered; not one among them ever ventured to indulge a dream that Victoria would triumph in one hnninp., Now that the end hlas come anld people have leisure to look back calmly, and analyse the circumstances which led to the high opinion thlat New South Wales had of its own players, and to the low comparative estimate held by them and some of ourselves respect ing ours, it is not easy to arrive at any satisfactory solution of the cause. It is I believe chiefly atts-i b?table to the acknowledged repute of Cafyn, Cosstick, Hewitt, Lawrence, and Thompson; at these Goliathse it was supposed we had no Davids to sling a few atones-your players have always been justly acknow ledged esrellent ii the field. If in former years they have been a little behind in bowling, the new levies might be looked upon as Al. Calfyn's batting was deemed a host in itself; and it weeas hard if New South Walee had not profited as much by the advice and tuition of thie All-England Eleven men, and by their retice olff Sam Coastik, as we had unmiatoaubly So much for the pros, now for the cons. Tommy Wills and Jack Conway had resolved to win thle match if bowling could win it. Day after day they were at the wicket bowling at and batting to one another. The foramer exerted himself to the utmost in making his team practise as they were to play; and to get such bowling as his and Conway'e, with an occasional variation, just by way of relieving the monotony of the thing, in tihe shape of a few slows from Dan Wilkie, wilth such batting as that of Kelly, Fowler, Gibson Phillips, Rese, O'Mullane, and tlhe bowlers, was to get practice of the right sort. With the bowling of Calyn we were familiar, and no one feared him. Sam was regarded as more dan gerous thanl "any other man :" but omany of our mien had beas used to him, asud t llhad phlayed to Conway and Wills; and who was Sam that they should tremble before him ? sat was straight, but what did they care about mere. straight ballasP He didn't get his arm up enough to be dangerous. Agai, the batting was far below anticipation. How ouldit be otherwiso? Continued bowling will never make a player handle .the willow sueeessfully; nor can the best bat keep up his play without every day practice off the best bowling. The same may be said of fielding. N'either bowlilng nor batting will fit a man for distinguishing himself in the field. Practice is as necessary here as any where, and I need only point to Caffys's amiseralle exhibition of himself, and to tihe shockinig mistakes made by Curtis, Oatle;y, and Oliver in support of what 1 advance. Your bowlers must take their turn at the wicket, and at their posts in the field systematically and rogilarly, if they would nmintain their reputation as players. You will observe, from the analysis, that in the first innings none of the "cracks" did anything. Oaflyn, Cosstick, and Thoimpson made a couple each, and OClharley Lawrence, 3 ; Hewitt alone getting into double figures with a dozen, and an outsider distane ing all the teams. Gregory, though he hns none of the finish of Cffyn or Hewitt, isa fine, bold, vigorous player, with a good delene, and can hit hard all round; his fielding it would be difficult to praise too hihly; it wasa picture, the activity with wlhich he covered the ground, the quickness and neatness with which he picked up the balls, and the preelsion with whilch he returned tlhem into thie vicket-keeper's hands. The number of runs saved by him was very considerable, and I really doubt whoPtlier there were any display of better fielding tlhann his by anlly of the All-England eleven. Jones also fielded very well, and saved a number of runs. Lawrence was a fair point, and Hewitt tolerably good at the wicket; but the rest were nowhere. In the secondinnings Caffyn, Hewitt, and Thompson, the two forner of whom were sanguine in the hopes of yet turning the table, only miade half a-score between them; two only of the notorieties making any etand-the captain and Sam Cosestick; the first soring 25, the last 21--Kellick, Gregory, and Oliver being the only remaining bats who gave the sorers any particular trouble. Of Gregory I have already epokels. Kellick is a cautionus, steady, good bat, and a decided acquisition to your eleven. Oliver is an extremensly promising youlg player; and with suficient practice of the best bowling, will be a very formidable bat, but hie should not neglect the other requisites of a good cricketer ; above all, he should be indefatigable in hisi fielding if he would take his stand in the first ranks. With the ball, your men again greatly disappointed those who looked for the reported improvement in Casstick and Thompson, as they failed in detecting any difference in either; anid, after Dan Wilkie, LBwrenee's slows were--well, slow, certainly. It cannot fail to be noticed that, of tihe ten wickets, eight fell to Sam Coastiek, who, in ~my opinion, was the only one that bowled really welL 'cither cn I compliment Charley Lawrence oni the judgment lie displayed as captain. In no one instance was hirs changeof bowlers followed by any good result. And now contrast these with the performances of the Victorians, and it must be admitted, I think, that your men were beaten at all points. To commence with the batting :-and, first, your old opponent Wills, gifted with an iron endurance, and despising the efeminate casings of legs and hands, though e snele gant player, and one who seems to find his bat too hearw to lift wle hen he sees a straighlt ball coming, he, by a knack peculiar to himself, turns them enfely to the right land or to the left, and finds hlimself suddenly endued with strengthl enough to uproot the willow when a loose one is delivered. He topped the score willth 58, without giving a chance. See then the finishled style of Fowler's batting. It was thought that, as hie was a hard hitter, he mighlt perhlaps get into double figures; "he'll lire over a couple or three overs, and make two 4's and a three, and then he'll have to cut." By brilliant play, without giving the ghost of a chance until hle hit back to Sam the ball which cost him his wicket, he caused thirty-seven to be iput on the scoring paper. Thein lees-about the propriety of whose selection such uapleasant, not to say angry, remarks had been made- totted up thei sasne number. At first, it must be admitted, the impugnsig of thojudgment of the match committee in his regard seemed just, as hlie appeared to be altogether out of form, and gare a chancLse-not a eansy one, to be sure, but still a chance--to Thompson his lirst hit; but ihe soon gethered himself togethcer, and then made a very flue display of batting. Conwavy, it must be conceded, played with as much luck as usually falls to the lot of a dozen men. It was, of course, no fault of hIis--but what shall 1 say, hiis misfortune perlhaps that Hewitt did not stuapm him whein ie was a yard out of hLis g?round, iand that Curtis misised two easy catchels. He played curefully and w-ell notwithstand. ing, asd it- need hardly be told gave oil the loose halls "beaus." His saore wac 33. A like niumber was also got by O'Mulaune; nd hlere agiin the judgiment ofthc miatch committee was verified by thie result, for le played a splendid inmings withiout giving a chance. Caflyn will long rememiber the Vietorin wieketkeesper who took his wicket in both insings, asd made 11 runs off one of his overs. Greeves and Gibson, too, iplayed e?refidly and well for their respective scores of 25 and 17\. Thie former gave onec, perhaps two ehances-one a diticult one certainly to lawenlce, but which he ought to have hd ; the ot lherl, too easy a one, to Olives. The latter did not give a chance. In bowling, our superiority was equally convi1.sing. Con-as, though inot well "on" in the first innings, aus "oit there" in the second. The balls which took Lawrence's wicket in the firit innings, and disnissed Thlompson and lHewitt inl the seciond, were as sfine as acould be bowled. Wills, about the fairnes of whose bowling a very great amousnt of discussion hla take; place, bowled magnificently in both inninige-35 maidens out of 71 overs, and only 58 runs made, iIt test this. I may here sar, once for all, in reply to all remarks about the "shyislg," that whatever spectatorls may think they see, esmji'sc ran't see it. The All. England Eleven, moreover, allowed it; sand if it ihe argued that they allowed it because they found no difficulty about playing it, I reply, the h'.SW. ullmpire, Mr. Driver (no bad judge of a shy), in the single wicket match whhich followed, wa-s put oni at the howler's cud Ibr the express lurplos, of "lo balling" Tommy; but Tommy was aotl "ito biled." After that, let no one talk of Tommy Willb "shiyimg." Wilkie's slows inll the first innings got rid, in two sue cessive balls, of yaor best man, who scemrd to have taken a lease of tihe wickets, and of aiothicr whoi seemed faest becoming ldangerous. Of cur fielding all wound, with one or two inexplicable exceptions, in the first innings, it would be inpoassible not to spook is; terms ofunqualified approbatiou. Surh wiccket-keep ing as O'Mullane's has niot been sneen in thie colony that only excepted which weas exhibited by the ?r-a nowned Lockyer. Phillips' long-stopping equalled that of your old acquaintance Butterworth in neat noess, and, if possible, he surpassed him in activity. The number of runs saved by lim from snicks, draws, and what but for his stopping them would have been leg-byes, was very large; nor must the scorer's book be taken as a criterion of his ability, as for most of the five byes of the first innings the ball had glanced off the wicket-keeper's hands, and so did not come in his way. Kelly's point was the admiration of all-he seemed absolutely ubiquitou, to know by intuitiol where the ball was coming, and to place himself exactly on the spot where he could interoept it. Rees at leg and cover, and Fowler at mid-off, were excel lent; and thle others-barring the mistakes I have referred to in thle first innings, all did theIr duty. The judgment of our captain was-just like it al ayo iswhen not in any way shaken- as good as it could hbe. Ti?he usual outcry that he "never knows whlen to take bhisclf off," was in this match dispensed with for once; and for the best of reasons-his bowl ing was so good thlat nothing could be done withl it. The only thing that remains for me to advert to is -tIhe weather. In that particular tlhe Victorians un questionably Ihad the pull of you. The first day, when they took the field, was cool and pleasant; tlhe next, when it was the turn of New South Wales to field, was one of the hottest ever experienced in the colony, asd made bowling and fielding fatiguing beyond expression; and the plucky way in which your fine fellows bore up agesst it, and the leather hunting tlhey had to encounter, was Seat-rate. As if the sympathies of the clerk of the weather had been all engaged on our side, the day following was again cool and agreeable. In conclusion, I would once more draw the atten tion of your cricketers earnestly to the few remarks I hare ventured in all good feeling to make, as to the imperathe necessity of all your team practioig toge ther at all poitt--long, thoroughly, and syste matically--prior to engaging in another match with thle players of thlis colony; and then with Caffyn in his old form, and all your other men well up to tlhe mark-it will take all that our best men know to retain their laurels. Imust add, that nothing occurred to mar the hlar mony and pleasant feeling with whichl the two colonies met, with the exception, perhaps, of such as had taken tile odds against its being a one-innings matnEc:l. I am oatisfled that regret was universally felt when Csffyn lost hIis wicket in the 2nd innings, and a like feeling was expressed at Sam Cosstick's bit of ill luck in getting run out. The most Ihappy unanimity prevailed; a good lit, or a bit of good fielding, no matter on which side, elicited thle same applause; while a catchl missed or a ball muffed caused the sanme disapprobation to be expressed. This'was as it should be-not the colony, but thle cricketer, received his meed of praise or blame-and long may it so continue. And lastly, I must add that, whatever some of the spectators may have thought and aid, tlIhe decisions of thie umpires were regarded by all who had the best opportunities of judging, entirely fair, honest, and impartial. 