THE DROUGHT IN QUEENSLAND. The following miserable picture of the con dition of-the portion of Queensland to which it relates is supplied to the Dalby Herald by a correspondent, writing "from Surat" What in thei world the Baioniie and the surround ing district is ^coming to is at present a mystery, much doubt being expressed that we shall any ofusbealivenext year. The so much wished lor rain is like the grapes were to the fox, rather sour. For the last week, we have been, tantalised by observing large volumes of rain clouds passing over us, and with something' li keanapproach to a thunderstorm ; but, alas ! enly-to ^disappear to visit some more favoured sppt. On Sunday, afternoon, it blew almost a hurricane, and the rain came down for auout van hour. Since then, we have had nothing but scorching hot weather, and high winds during the; night; The thermometer, last week, averaged 104 in the shade; so 1 leave you to guess what it was outside. . . . . Horse? are in a most miserable condition; in fact, you would look at them, and imagine they were the ghosts of Rozinante. Those who ride them are almost liable under Martin's Act. A very little more of this weather, and you need not expect any communications from this district, for we shall not be able to send it down for want of horses. As for beef or mutton, we have long ceased to think of a good piece of meat, but now content ourselves with carrion, or a very near approach to it. Unluckily, we are not in the position the French are to fall back on horse flesh for food. We have a few goats browsing upon air, and when the Abigail sallies forth to milk th'em, tori often finds them barren. Perhaps they might do for, a few days' food for us. Even the river is beginning to tell its dire tale of want of rain—the water is stinkj^ig, and now is so low near the township that yoU may walk across. To add to our list of grievances Talavera station is about to be abandoned for want of water. Already some of the sheep have left—some say for Clifton, others, for Melbourne, but I am not able to say which is correct, for I don't think the manager knows himself/' .. •• • America's difficulty is Queensland's oppoi tunity^ The news brought by the Hero, that there had been a failure of the cotton crop in Dme's Land, will encourage the enterprising planters of Queensland to further exertion. The last cotton crop in that colony amounted to 183,6801b.^-not much, certainly, but th6 wool trade was of smaller dimensions at its beginning. There are thirty-seven cotton growers in Queensland whose industry is stimulated by . a bonus in the shape of a land <Jrder equivalent to fourpence for every, pound' of cotton produced. The producers on the; largest scale are Messrs Alexander and Armour, who sent into the market upwards of 12,0001b The smallest quantity on which bonus was claimed was 2241b., and no ddubt there were a number of growers on a small' scale who did not consider the t bonus in the shape of land worth applying ior. It wiii not be long before the growers will discqye^he advantage of employing the labour of Indians,' Chinese, or Sou th Sea Islanders. that occurs, the cotton trade of Queensland- will. become strong enough to stand - without the aid of bounties.. 