Government Advertisements. I Treasury, Melbourne, March 19, 1896. I SUNDRIES. TENDERS, endorsed "Tender for " and addressed to the Chairman of the London Board stores and Transport Office, King-street, will be received until noon on the 28th Inst., for the '¡¡nácrmcutioncd articles for the service of the Govern KEer. article tone of the best and most serviceable description, and subject to approval. Full particulars, and forms of tender, at the office I ghost n'U Transport, Melbourne. Atirf Gaols. 6 pa\\_kg-irouB, OJlb, cars wheels for handcart, to specification 100 Utd boards, do. Victoria Water Supply. 1 English dial striking clock, 12-inch dial 2 two Match movement do, 4-inch dial. Crown Law Offices. 21 'nurse yards kamptulicon (price to include in ing and fitting). Naval '1 training-ship 20 yards carpet runner 3 tablecloths, damask, 11 foot x 7 feet, flowered pattern 1 table cover, cloth, inch border, 11 foot X 7 foot 75 yards blue cloth, to sample HOOjnrds serge, blue, to sample 6OO yards drill, to sample 3 water jugs, 3 pints, blue cable pattern. on white 1 sugar basin!, glass 4 candlesticks, to specification 3 vegetable dishes, metal, with covers 00 Lines, boys', to sample 1 bread grater 1 large dredger, tin 12 dozen dinner knives, to sample IS do dinner forks, to sample , 2 miss kids, to sample 2 monkey's mess, to sample his Bibles, to sample JWB Common Prayer Books, to sample 100 bundles, coir, scrubbing, to sample 1 top of dish covers of sizes, enamelled the (block) 410 gallons soaper's least 200 tins of blacking, Jib. tins 1 liariices-casks, to specification 1 binocular glass, 12 lens 1 maple lantern, to specification 0 breakers, boats, to pattern 1 cooking or galley range for 250 persons, to specification (price to include fitting upon heard stockings, to sample Neekhandkcrchicfs, black silk, do lUbbons, cap, lettered do Lace, silver, do Coir matting (sound matting), i Jin. Do do (do), Slln. \ in such quantities as may be ordered during ; 1860. ^^__'_OKO. VERDON. Commissariat, New Military Barracks, Melbourne, 22nd March, 1860. SEALED TENDERS, in duplicate, will be received by the Deputy Commissary-General, at his office, until noon of Tuesday, the 27th Inst, from persons desirous of obtaining the privilege of supplying at the Military Canteen, such GROCERIES, Wines, Spirits, &c;, at may be required by the troops in garrison, for the term of three months from the 1st of April rent. Full particulars and forms of tender can be procured upon application at the Deputy Commissary General's office, on and after Saturday, the 24th inst., between the hours of 10 a.m. and 12 noon daily. Victorian Railways. Secretary's Office, Melbourne, March 21. TENDERS will be received until noon on Wednesday, 28th inst., from persons willing to provide CARTAGE and STORAGE for overtime free goods from the Spencer street goods sheds, Forms of tender can be had on application at the office of the traffic superintend, and action filled up must be addressed to the undersigned. By order, W. H. WRIGHT, Secretary. Office of Lands and Survey, Melbourne 15th March, 1898. TENDERS for GRAZING SECTIONS. -TENDERS will be received by the Board of Land and Works (under the 30th section of the Amending Land Act, 1865) up to noon of Wednesday, 4th April next, for the OCCUPATION (for grazing purposes only) of 37 allotments of LAND, situate in various localities. For terms and conditions, cc., solo " Government Gazette," 6th Inst., or apply at the Occupation Branch here, or at the various survey offices in the country. J. M. GRANT, President of the Board of Land and 'Works. 