' VICTORIA. Oar Melbourne napers are to the lett Augnat. Tue following it from the Argos': A prooilemation appears.in the Gazette farther pro- roguing Parliament from Tnesday, the 21st August, Ut Tuesday, the 2nd October. ,:'A meeting of the Melbourne liant Glob was held yesterday; to arrange their annual programme. It was deoided that the eteeple-obojeea should take place on Ootobor G, and.on the Molboarne coarse. The following ?takes were arranged ¡-The Bant Otoh Steeplechase of'8 SOTS'each, with 100 aovs added; Great Metro- politan Steeplechase of 10 sora each, with 300 added ; and n Hurdle IUoe;of 100 .BOTS, entrance 5 loTS. " Our readers will, we doubt not, bo pleased to learn that the introduction of the -brown trout to Victorian waters bas been snooeiafaliy accomplished. On Satur. day;moraÍDg two .boxes, estimated to contain about 180O ora, arrived by the Southern Gross, haTing been broaght from Tasmania by Mr. Langwill. .These boxes were on Saturday taken, np to Sunbury by MK' Sprigg, tile secretary to the Acclimatisation Society, and Mr. Langwill, and ; the ora-were oarefully removed and deposite t in tho boxes prepared for them in Riddell's Creek by Mr. W. J. Clarke. Sr. Black had oa the previous day Tisited, the oraek, and seen that ovorytbiog waa ready for the. reoeptipn of the ova,' When the boxes were, opened it was found that about two-thirds of the ova .were alire, and it is anlio'pated that, if the delicate operation of impregnating the ova has been'properly performed, there;wi 1 be Borne 600.or 7»fry hatched within a few weeks.. The Palm Tree case was ¡fiulahedoo Saturday. The doctor of tho ship wai fined £2, with £3 costs, and ordered to undergo ten days' imprisonment ia Melbourne gaol ; the third officer was' fined the same' amount, with' £3 coats, and sentence! te seven day»' impriaon meat i and the. first and eeoond officers were fined £2 caoh; ordered to pay 4?s. oosts, and to go to gaol for one hour. The magistrates found that the defendants ' bad been guilty of familiarity, bat not of immorality, with som« of the passengers, and the deoision of tho Bonoh, therefore, leaves no stain of criminality on any of Ibo yoong women concerned ia theoafo. The Supreme Court will be moved for a writ of prohibition: to set aside this Judgment, on tho ground that tho officers ol a ship cannot be punished under tho rules framed for tho purpose of Ir ing cai ried out by them ; and the defendants »rs held to bail'until friday nest, [ , The Ballaarat Star gives the following further par- ticulars. ot tb« Warrenheip ghost:-"Tho craxy candle «tory which ha« ariien In Warrenheip, and boen spiced with a oonddcr&ble; amount of the super- natural by the ghoat-Believin» propeneitles of one of two reaidents In that well-known quarter, bas caused some little amusement In tbe diitriot, and a nnmber of forsona have visited the house of (he Faheys situated near M'GM and Coghlan's brewery, at which the peculiar phenomena are said to have beon witnea&el.; On Thursdiy the boase was inspected by a number of poraons from various çarts of tba district corions to unravel tbe, ridiculous tale ; and although the Fahey family appeared strong in their belief that candles bad been lighted and dis- placed in tbe boase by some mysteries* ngenoy, they teemed singularly alone in such an outrageous opinion. One point in this most ridiouloua of chost stories is, that the candles were only said to be lighted after the Eeraons had left the room, tbe anpernatural visitor not eing forthcoming when any one was present to witoess its effect, it looked on Thursday, with candles strewed about in tho house in extravagant profusion, and some of them crossed in (he most approved fashion, a* if a wake had just boon celebrated ; and perhaps tba proximity ol the haunted dwelling to the brewery, and tho well-known quality of the boer, may be reasonably taken io support of this view of tho oas«," The following is from the Belfast Gazette:-"Ono of the moat fearful accidents we have bad to record for some time poet occurred in Framlingham Forest on Monday last. Two lads, named James Whittet and Alexander Scott, aged respectively thirteen and fifteen, weat out in the forest kangaroo shooting. Scott had a doable-barrelled gun, and having fire« off one barrel, be got on a log to reload. The log was slippery from tbe rain, and whilst in the act of loadiag, the unfortu- nate boy slipped and fell, taking the gun. With him. The loaded Darrel exploded, and the charge entered the boy's side, coming out near the apposite shoulder. The youngest lad Whittet remained Ult poor Scott died (only a few minutes), arid then be got assistance. An inquest waa held on the body, oa Wednesday, by Dr. Harrington, tho district coroner, when a verdict of 'Accidental death' was returned. The deceased lad was a son of Mr. Peter Scott, a farmer well known in Purnim." The following is from the Kyneton Observer: " One of those minor tragedies of domestic life, whioh are none the less touohing became the chief actors in them do not obtrude their sorrows on the public, came to our knowledge on Friday. A poor woman living on the Cobaw-road brought her little child into Kyneton to obtain medical advice respecting it. She called at Messrs. Dufty and Carolin's, photographers, to know what the charge would be for a photograph , of herself and the child. She was told, and went away. In a few hours she returned with the child in her arms, and said, ' I shall not want the picture now ; my child is dead.' The little thing had died during its visit to Kyneton, and the mother had to retrace ber sorrowful steps homewards, bearing with her the body of her dead infant." 