REVIEW. “ A Sermon preached in St. Joseph’s Church, Hobart Towu, on the 5th September, 1866, on . the late Very Rev William Hall, D.D., Vicar-General of Hobart Town, by the Ven Archdeacon H unter, with a Lithograph.— William Fletcher, Hobart Town." We have just received from the press a brief but excellent discourse, fouuded upon Act X, v. 38, “ God anointed him with the Holy Ghost and with power, who went about doing good," by the Ven Archdeacon Hunter, upon the melancholy and premature decease of one of the most distinguished of the Catholic Clergy of this colony. After passing a mosljusteulogiumupon the late Vicar-General, the veo preacher observes, “ He was bora in London. His parents were Catholics. His father was born in Ireland. When he was between three and four years old his father died, and lie was left to the care of his widowed mother. Pious and careful must have been the traiuing he received from his mother, for whom he always entertained a great affection. From a very early age he appears to have bad an ardent desire of devoting himself to the service of God in the priesthood. He was sent to a seminary iu Paris, where he spent five or six years iu close aud arduous study. On the breaking out of the terrible Revolution of 1830, he was obliged, with other servants of God, to fly from the scene of the troubles religion encountered from the senseless mob. It was by the aid of a Sister of Charity, who obtained for him the clothes of a laborer, that he effected his escape and saved his life. He soon entered St.- Edmund’s College, Old Ball, some miles from London. He there anxiously qualified himself for the work of the mission. Bis first mission was that of Moorfields, in a very populous part of London. He had to attend several prisons, workhouses, and hospitals, in addition to a large proportion of the poor of the neighburhood. From Moorfields he was removed to Islingtou, in the outskirts of London. In the journals published at the time his uame 1 find prominently occurriug at meetings for the advancement of religion and education. One magnificent church which chiefly by his exertions had been erected, is to this day au oruament to the district where it is situated, and a valuable memento of our late pastor. On the appointment of our late Venerable Bishop Willson, to this diocese, the energetic Father Hall conceived the idea of accompanying His Lordship. He appears not to have had much goods of this world, as he thanked his friends for the sum of money which they had given him, and but for which he wouid have been unable to pay the expense of the necessary outfit for his voyage to this colony. “ On the 11th of May, 1844, he arrived here with the late Bishop Willson, and was at ouce appointed Vicar-General.” He was a man of extraordinary sympathy for the poor, and his perfect forgetfulness of self in the constant pursuit of charity. With regularity has he attended the Gaols aud Hospitals of this City. With zeal and charity has he comforted, when on the scaffold, unfortunate criminals, of whom upwards of firty, during his prayers aud in his presence, have been hurled into eternity. Careful too, was he of the little ones.” . We know how energetic he was in carryiug out means to contend with the dreadful bane of Iutemperance. His illness, severe as it was, displayed in a wonderful manner the character of our late pastor. During his illness, he received a letter with the signature of His Huliuess Pope Pius IX, assuring him that “ they who instruct others unto justice shall sliine like stars for all eternity.” Shortly before his death, he asked if there was any hope of recovery. Being told there was none, lie at once replied, “ Well, thank God, I die in a good cause : the Cathedral has killed me.” During the late winter, his perseverance at the sacred edifice, shattered a constitution which, naturally strong, had been worn out in the service of religion. The lithographic frontispiece to the sermon is a striking miniature of the late Vicar, in which his benign and benevolent expression is very accurately depicted. We learn from the preface to the sermon we have thus succinctly reviewed, that it was takcu down during its delivery by a lay member of the congregation, who had from infancy known and revered the late Vicar- General, and has been published by reuest. The proceeds arising from the sale of the sermon are to be distributed ainon® the poor. We therefore commend its perusal to the Christian public generally, and hope it will meet with a very large circulation in the sacred cause of charity. 