ALBURY MODEL SCHOOL. Who does not remember " breaking.np day f" Who can forget the careful reckoning kepi of (be number of days on which suns were to rife and set iicfore the words "home for llie holidays" were lo he called out and welcomed with cbcfcrs, such as boys only can give with (lie expectation of showing prize9 -to lather and mother, shaking big brothers by (lie Jiand, and kissing the pouting lips of little sisters? 'All this WBB always done without a thought of the -.ever recurrent " lilack Monday when the books of Lindley Hurray and Valpy had 10 be re-opened ; -elate pencils to be scraped, lingers to get ink-besmeared, desks to be put inlo order, and youthful minds refreshed with a reference lo Armo, vimmgue ca»o, 'which one boy always insisted was dog Latin for " Hie man, the arm, and the cane." Notions of gigantic turkeys with' big chains of sausages; puddings, which look days to make and many hours to boil, before the twig of liolly could be stuck in, as the appropriate emblem of " ChristmoSso"; innumerable wince-pies; indigestible roasted chcsnule; unripe . oranges; and freezing ghost stories, which always made one bare an eye upon the door; weighed upon the minds of boys for weeks before (lie " Speech Day" came and books' were to be closed. Wo expect that in whatever country, whatever generation, boys have the same feeling on these points; and when we visited ' the Albury Model School this week and watched the anxious eyes of many a little one, the sometimes pale \- end now flushed face, the quivering lip, eager to give the answer to the question before it was fairly finished, .concluding with the ringing hurrahs for the master jsnd the teachers, we coufess that a chord of old harf tniony. was struck, and the shouts came as music to the ear. But to report. We have often bad to speak in high terms of the management of the Model School at Albury, and wo are sure the examination of Tuesday and Wednesday last will not detract from, but rather add to its position and standing. There was the same steadiness, order, and self- confidence to be -seen ; tbe same friendly feeling between teachers and itaught, which lays tbe foundation for success in all .educations! matters; for it is not to bo forgotten that to achieve success, the teacher must not only be the master, but the boy, and the boy's friend; and in this respect both Mr. M'Credio and Mr. Meenen arc .evidently quite at home. Wo are not writing the words of fulsome pmise, but ove stating facts which all must have seen j and we believe that when that young rascal, whose name we shall have to give some day, led off the "hip, hip, hurrah!" the hips and the Jiurralis svere as welcome to the master and assistants '.as all their school fees and emoluments. The Bubject .of .education .has lately engrossed a great deol of public attention ; therefore, it did not surprise us to •'see a larger attendance than on jaiy other occasion of ^parents and friends. The examination was a most -searching one and carefully conducted, and at last oh Wednesday afternoon the distribution of .prizes took \- -place ard occupied nearly two hours. We do not intend to mention the name of any boy or girl as . -Jutnog distinguished himself or herself j the prize list below jriU show tbe rcsuH of ibo struggle m each ' ".class and division of class. All we have to s&y; js that there were two or three who piled -up the prize bocks before ihom until we almost loit eight of their eye brows, and we had to cuquireof their lathers whether , >Jtbpy hadrprovided drays or American waggons to . parry home the- stock. .Certain is it that several there : have hndin a-store of literature fully enabling them \- po start a-TOrculating library and mate Urge profits. The Sou. Secrattfry• delivered the greater portion of ' the prizes, made .one °f lus quiet telling speeches, received hfearty jcheers T&ojn; the boys, and a deputation from the girls to "jojn in the ring with which •fusing is in some way juyatericmsly associated. Then ''fame Jtfr, Thorold, who had given some valuable 'prizes,-and which he presented to the recipients m a *eiy £r»?e&il; • way. -He made some remarks on the different systoajsof education. and stood jup warmly for the JSfational jnethod. He called ^particular attention to tile mode which had been adopted in deciding the meritBtif'the competitors for us pnzes.- Eoch ' Jfqy and -girl bad given in tlieir nfime and a motto, end the papers answering, the questions in each department had to be subscribed with the same motto. Thesopapers were examined ' by the patrons without . {mowing who sent them in or who subscribed them, - -fan9 ifter many hours' careful confiiderahbn they arrived at tliB'hest result they could, often finding-many -£qual, and 'D0.t -fenowing the boy or girl -on Avhose - , "|>Bptwere'deciding. As this point had been talked of lafit.ycar and this, bethought it oiJly nght to mention it, to stiow that perfect fairness liad heea imaintajned.: After presenting some prizes given by Mr. Ford; of the *Pen Mile Greek, for the best epeci- .. . .jnenB of ^Sam sewing i>y the girls, he concluded by fnsbiDgaU the =oluldren a meriy ObriBtmas." The BerHMn4 Mr, the absence of the ifjKor, jireaonted tbe prizes given by bin^ tend made Vome V^iy ieeasSile Yemat^cs; ifr. t<ewie Jones [gave fiis prizeof avUrer medal to the best boy pupil who bad taken die largest -number of 'first prices, namely, \- YethcfcT*Wlon, and Mr. Iiewis -So^on a etmjjar one tofioe.pal gl^f naiD^ly ,Aim)BfafAhiiret. Thanfe " 0H& jehe0T* were giycji to tbe/yiitEOiji, and the whole condnded »nth the $ner%|Me tiit -alwayi -altraotiTo • j'liss intW'ting," VWch j^iinly i^howefl Sn what garaels «erenil Touthfql afeonpos were tied «p. . Qne : " jooty r felloiy ti&rjbo; ^s^^tmala^im fetl (jinte ill ' lo see suoh ithiggs grfng on ; • wefmney tewfly w^anted —^^iairethe^ttw^£oiiiginibrtiunself.-£bc3EiEses • ••petea»|Jl jearmd, Am^igum/ra^jof son&i; jpariitiulaHy dioee taken Iwhlnd ahnsh,' we should imagine there weremany ^itvpre ro" i^rOjd'e theory whan lie .i:5.i^-sin»te*heline>'T-, ; A i . Kadi Idss a he«rHaoakt-&r; attss'f atMgtli, ff(, • I think, It should »c reeion'd by 1U lcngti. pf-Timilla on the mil fen- She "iS number 'fbr.flie'j'ear, 162, > frfPteydr^W. We . ... jputHf&ifiopwfif; that tfie itS^od •.ta^irpgre^jma ied teaKher al'jprizeltst, wJi^fpo aoubt, 