HUM ARK ABLE VOYAGE ACROSS THE ATLANTIC. | {From the Louden Daily Telegraph, August 27.) I A viAv days ago a brief newspaper paragraph made known to the British public that a miniature full rigged chip, of something Ices than '2f tons register, with a crew of two men and a dog, had been spoken in the 33nglibh Channel, oil' Hastings, after making an excellent passage, in point of time, from New York. Anything like pluck and endurance, even if bordering upon rashneBB, is so congenial to the Anglo-Saxon temperament, that no apology need be offered for amplifying the meagre details already known of an undertaking attempted more than once before, but now. wc believe, for the first time successfully achieved. For this purpose it is not necessary to analyse the motives which have induced two young American seamen to risk their lives in so perilous an under taking as crossing the stormy Atlantic in a little craft about the size of a ship's jolly-boat. Leav ing conjecture out of the question, and taking the more tangible stand-point of the opinions and doings of the adventurers themselves, which are duly recorded in a log book that bears very unmistakable evidence of what boat life is on the Atlantic, we find it stated 'That the object of this expedition is to be at the world's fair in Paris, to show the French they have not all complete without something notorious ts give the rest a contrast.' The Paris Exhibition, however, opens in April, 1867. To have reached it in time would have involved sailing from New York in February. Probably no one knows better than the adventurers themselves by this time that the chance of weathering an Atlantic equinoctial gale in the ' roaring forties,' in a two and a half ton boat, was rather too remote to be undertaken by any but a properly quali fied candidate for a lunatic asylum. As a consequence, the voyage had to be undertaken this ycaT at a period when the probabilities were in favour of the maximum of favourable weather. Having safely arrived, the adventurers will no doubt find ways and means of spending their time pleaisantly enough till next April in visiting some of the principal seaports of the United Kingdom and the Continent. The ship Red, AVhite, and Blue, of New York, 2 38-100 tuns register, is a metallic lifeboat, built by 0\. R. Ingersoll, New York. Her dimensions are as follows :— Length, 2G feet ; breadth of beam, G ft. 1 in. ; depth ol'hold, 2 ft. 8 in. ; from decks to keel, 3 ft. She is like all lifeboats and whale boats, sharp at both ends, or stem and stern alike. She has a water-tight compartment of 4 ft. at each end, and cylinder compartments along each side. She is decked over, but has a cockpit for the steersman around tlie ntizenmast. She is ship rigged and sparred in propor tion to her size as follows : Bowsprit, 2 ft. outside i bows; jibboom, 3 ft., and flying jibboom, 1 ft. ; pole, 10 in. The foremast is G ft. from the deck to the top, with a 0 in. masthead ; the topmast is 7 ft. 6 in., with a 5 ft. hoist ; the top-gallantmast 3 ft. 0 in. ; the royal maBt 2 ft. G in., and pole 1 ft. ; the mainmast is 7 ft. irom deck to top, with a 6 in. masthead, with topmast, top-gallant, and royal masts in proportion ; tke mizenmast iB 6 ft. G in. from deck to top, with a five-inch masthead; the mizen-topmast is 6 ft. 2 in., with a t ft. hoist, and a 10 in. masthead; the mizen top-gallant mast 2 ft. G in,, and royal mast 1 ft. 3 in., with a 10 in. pole ; the spanker-boom is 8 ft. long, and the gaff 5 ft., with a 10 in. pole to each ; the fore and mainlower yards are 10ft. each, topsail yards 7 ft. 6 in., -op-gallant yards fi ft. 3 in., royal yards 3 ft. G in. ; the crosB-jack yard is 7 ft. 3 in., the mizen topsail yard fift. 3 in., topgallant yard 3 ft. 6 in., and royal yard 2ft. 9 in. ; the fore topmast stunsail booms are 6 ft. G in., fore and main topgallant stunsail booms 4 ft. The sails, which, together with the spars, were designed and made by Mr. Crunisky, of New York, consist of fore-topmast staysail, jib, and flying jib, fore main and mizen courses, topsails, top-gallant sails, and royals and 6pankcr. All these are bent to set just as in a ship of 1000 ton's. In addition to these plain sails the Red, White, and Blue is provided with fore topmast stunsails, fore and main topgallant stuns ails, main trysail, and storm fore staysail and tTystdl. She was launched on the 21st oi June, having pre viously liad a false keel fitted to her standing keel, giving a total depth of keel of 7£ inches. She was launched with all her spars standing, bow s on, from a dock five feet above the level of tlie water. Her ciiptain and owner, John M. Hudson — not a bad name, by tho way, for an adventurous navigator — wsb the only person on board, and he records it as a good indication of the fitness of his craft for hor intended voyage, that ' she did not take a bucketful of water on deck, and, considering the weight aloft, did not look to turn over, or in any way feel crank, as the people on the docks said she would, but faurid themselves disappointed.' Havingfound a congenial i adventurous spirit in the person of Frank E. Fitch, to share in the perils of the projected voyage, these two plucky New Yorkers went to work to get their craft ready fer sea. The newly.launched craft was found to leak, and it was necessary to take out the miisenmast to repair the damage. It would have been well for the comfort of the adven turers if they had discovered another defeot in their ' craft, which did net develop itself until the was pitch ing and roll jig, gunwales under, in the huge sneli -f the Atlantic ; but they foiled to make the discovery, and paid the penalty of being wet through nearly the whole of the voyage. Tlio stores taken on board con sisted iirst of l'i ten-gallon keg* «if wirtcr, 200 lbs. ol' brcud, 5 lbs. cofi'ce, 2 lbs. of teu, 10 lbs. butter, 4 boxes tniokcd herrings, 1 dozen chhb ol'milk, 15 lbs. smoked betf, 17 lbs. cheese, 4 bottles pickles, mustard, pepper, salt, and sauce, twobottlesof brandy, 1 bottle whisky, and 1 bottle of bitters. To these were added, as a gift, by Mr. Isaac Reckliow, of Brooklyn, 2 dozen cans each of the following preserved provisions : roast beef, roast tuTkey, roast cliicken, and mutton coup. Mr. Reckhow ales presented Captain Hudson with his dog Fanny, It would have been well for the poor brute in question if that gentle man's generosity had stopped short at his very ap propriate gift of stores, lor poor Fanny, unable to stand up against constant wet aHcl exposure, that was beginning to tell on her biped companions, gave up the ghost just as the Red, White, and Blue made tne mouth of the Thames, after safely surmount ing a'l the dangers of the voyage. The master's de partment consisted of a boat compass, quadrant, charts, parallel rule, dividers, weather indicator, log line and glass, 7 lbs, lead, American ensign and pen nant, English and French ensigns, anchor and fifty fathoms of rope, but no chronometer. The surgeon's department, to which happily we find no record in the log of use during the voyage, consisted of six bottles of Indian liniment, six boxes of vegetable pills, a bottle of powders, and another mixture of some marvellous character, which we are told is ' the never-failing 6m3ll-pox cure, and has cured yellow fever and cholera.' It was well, perhaps, for captain and crew that neither small-pox, cholera, nor ' yel low jack,' gave them an opportunity of testing the value of their remedy. During the process of fitting and stowing ship the tiny craft was visited by crowds of curious New Yorkers. The com ments of the sterner sex, so far as they are recorded, do not appear to have been either hopeful or flatterisg. The general character of the remarks were something as follows: — 'The fools will never get across;' ' That captain ought to be tried for murder ;' ' They ought to be put in a lunatic asylum.' The behaviour of the fairer portion of creation was so different that the captain makes the following entry in his harbour log : ' The poor ladies, God bless them ! were all praying for us.' The comments of the New York Press were scarcely more favourable, and in one notable instance certainly not more laudatory than those of their readers. Paragraphs appeared in most of the papers speaking anything but hopefully of the chances of success. One notice was headed, ' One more lunatic weary of breath,' and closed with a suggestion that the miniature ship should be chris tened 'The Fool's Own.' Undeterred by these un favourable remarks, Captain Hudson went on with his work, dismissing them with one final entry : ' Let them all have their own opinions : I have mine.' When the Bhip was ready, he and a party of six friends started on the 26th June for a trial trip down New York Bay. The breeze was too light to test the little vessel's qualities as a sea boat, but she was found to s&il; well and to work, handily, and to that extent the trial was considered satisfactory. After Borne debate as to the name the ship waB to receive, one correspondent suggesting the Claud Melnotte as one likely to ensure the little craft a good reception in England, she was finally christened the Red, White, and Blue. The name, perhaps, is as cosmopolitan and well-chosen as it could be. It has reference, of course, to the colours of the national flag of the United States ; but as it applies equally well to the English and French and to half a dozen other national ensigns, each of the said nationalities may accept it as a compliment. The date of sailing was fixed for the 9th of July, and on that day Mr. Fitch boarded the ship in Whitehall slip, snd at' 11.30 a.m. took her down to the Red Hook Point. At the same time Captain Hudson went to the New York custom- house, took out a register, a clearance in ballast, a crew list, a bill of health, and went through precisely the same formula as if his craft was a clipper packet. He ' got through' at 1.30 at tbe custom-house, and then joined his friends on board n steam-boat called the Silas O. Pearce, and started downthebay. They overhauled the miniature ship opposite the Quarantine House on Staten Island. After a visit of the friends to the little craft they re turned on board the steamer, leaving Captain Hudson and Mr. Fitch alone with the dog. The steamer took the Red, AVhite, and Blue in tow as far as the light ship off Sandy Hook. Going down the bay poor Fanny seemed to have a presentiment of the fate that awaited her, for she howled lamentably, refused to be reconciled to her new quarters, and at last fell over board ; but, unfortunately, perhaps it may be said, a boat from the Bteamer saved her. About 5 p.m. the adventurers cast off their tow line, and fairly com menced their voyage. Before returning to the city the steamer ran alongside, and the friends of the two resolute seamen gave each of them ' three cheers and a tiger.' The log tells ub that ' many a white hand kerchief waved in the breeze, and then went to the bright eyes of warm-hearted friends who were praying for our safetv.' The little ship then set sail, and stood out to tea with a light breexe from south- west. At 7.30 the wind Bhifted to the north-west, and freshened so much that the little craft ' shipped plenty of water.' The crew made the unpleasant discovery that the decks leaked badly, for there was soon four inches of water in her, and their bed snd provisions were wetted. They would have acted wisely to have run back to New Ycrk and repaired defects, hut they stood reso lutely on their course, and determined to make the best of a bad business. At 9 p.m. they managed to lose their signal-lamp overboard. They passed vessels standing in for New York and to the eastward, snd at midnight took their departure from the Highlands of Naves ink, which bore W. by N. j N., distant 20 mileB. From this time commenced the ordinary routine of a ship at sea. Captain Hudson and his mate kept watch and watch. Of course the ' watch on deck ' had to steer the ship. If, therefore, it was necessary to take in sail, the ' watch below ' had to be hurried out for the purpose, and had also to per form all other necessary ship's duties. Their first day out commenced with a fresh N.E. wind and a heavy swell. Hudson had to turn out to shorten sail, and the ship kept very well to the wind with only the foretopsail. During that forenoon they Bpoke two pilot boats and reported how the ship worked so far. There was a ' kerosene ' stove on board to burn coal oil, but the ship pitched and rolled about too much to use it. The consequence was that the two men, though nearly always wet through, were very seldom able to make tea and coffee, or warm their provisions. The first day's work, close-hauled, gave tbe distance run 42 miles. On the Becond day the winds were lighter, and the weather finer, bo that they were able to make coffee and bale out the ship. The distance run in the twenty-four hours wus 49 miles. On the 12th of July the wind shifted to the westward, with fine weather, and the men were able partially to dry some of their wet clothes and make some warm mutton soup, which is recorded as ' the beBt ever tasted out of cans.' Towards evening the wind freshened, and the little craft began to howl off six and seven knots an hour, and in the course of twenty-four hours made the excellent run of 168 knots. On the 13th they made the discovery that their only time piece, a watcb, had got wet in the workB and had stopped. It was found on examination that 'she was rusty inside,' so from that time forward their only in dication as to time was sunset, sunriBe, and meridian. We find recorded from day to day the expenditure of sundry cans of beef, turkey, and mution broth. It is satisfactory to find that the dog was not neglected. On the third day out there is an entry, 'This day ex pended one can of beef for the dog, as she must not be forgot.' It would appear that poor Fanny had be come somewhat reconciled to her situation, and that occasionally she eould find a dry spot, for ehe is 'logged' on the 13th of July as follows: 'She tekes it out in sleeping.' The periodical recurrence of entries recording expenditure of cons of beef for the dog demonstrates that her sad fate was in no way due to any want of kindness and atten tion on the part of her biped BhipmatcB. When run I ning before a ' fresh gale' from the west with a clear Vlue sky, we find that the ship does very well, though taking in eome water — Captain Hudson says, 11 much better than I expected, considering that when she is in the hollow of the Bea the sails are almost becalmed.' On the 14th of July they made a fair run of 139 miles, and the only remark in the log book apart from the ordinary entries of the ship's run is the statement. ' That cockpit of ours is a very ' hard' place. You are cramped np just high enough to catch the hips ; it crampB the knees and makes us both sore. It is the * hardest' place on board ; the rest is bad enough.' The next day, Sunday, July lfi, they were baffled by light and sometimes contrary winds, making a run only of sixty- three miles, of which no inconsiderable proportion appeared to be due to the Gulf Stream. [ During the aiternoon they were becalmed, in company ' with ft barque about two miles distant. They set their ensign, and the barque did the same, but, from the flag hanging down, they were unable to make out her nationality. Whatever his country, the captain of her was an ill-conditioned churl ; for cn a light air springing up, and the little ship head ing to speak her, she wore round to the north and kept off, 'evidently,' as Captain Hudson says, 'i withi:ig to epeek us.' There are very few reid who will not cordially endorse Captain HudBO opinion when lie says, ' I cannot say much for tl captain's humanity who would- pass a small sh with only two men ill her, j00 miles from land, wi out desiring to speak her, even if he could nothing.' Jlowling along before favourable win tho little ship made runs of 92, 124, 104, and miles in the course of 24 hours, and everything w on pretty favourably, except when nine days poor Fanny is logged ' 6iek ; will not eat.' Oil 20tli cf July the wind drew ahead, and tbeyo made a run of 26 miles. The next day it bees rather more favourable, and they got a distance 72 miles out of their little croft. On the 2', they ran out of the Gulf Stream, which 1 hitherto been helping them famously on their voys The record of discomfort is continuous; eeldou day passeB without Buch entries as 'shipping watt ' no cooking to-day,' ' Bhip makes water in aroi the gunwale, when it is under water.' Fortunat for these poor sodden navigators, the temperature both air and water liad been high since leaving ft York. But on running out of the Gulf Stream tt was an immediate fall of something like 12 deg. b in the air and water, and tliey now began to exp nice the additional discomfort of cold. They passe large green turtle one afternoon, but their minds w more intent on baling out the 'considerable quanti of water' they were shipping than on turtle Boup, i the succulent reptile went on his way unnioleBl About 3 p.m. on the 25th of July, while running v a southerly wind through a dense fog, they pat ' through a strong current ripple. Got into it bei I could see it. The water for about 60 yards was 1 fearful foam, and topping up five or eix feet. S would hardly steer. Was a long time getting - Sometimes her headway was stoped. It rcEcmt paBEing through Hurl-gate, New York. 1'at through several smaller ripples. From that fact, feeling like ice, I conclude we are in the Pole This was in latitude 44 deg. 12 min. N., andlongit 46 deg. 47 mill. W. Hydrographers will prob: with these data be able to determine how far Cap Hudson's surmise is correct. At 4 s.m. the r miming the little craft was nearly upset by the el of the current, which nearly brought her to w! under thelee of a sea. The runs made were 109, 85, 117, 117, 172, 51, and 129 during the rcmainderof month of July. There are repeated entries in the during the latter part of the month of being obli to keep the ship before the Bea when large wi came, to prevent them from coming on board. J a.m. on the morning of the 30th they paid a siai complimcnt to a ' large whale,' which came bo c alongside that they 'kept away from him.' At close of the month, from 8 p.m. to o.idnight, the soys : ' Fresh breezes from S.W., and overcast, water sparkles so much that it is almost light w the sea breaks. Towards midnight several seai succession came rolling along, carrying the Bhip wa6 steering E.S.E.) with them with great vcloi so that the sails were hard aback. I haven seen the like before with anything at si August began with runs of 130, 109, 109, anj miles in the twenty-four hours, and with miser; foggy, drizzling weather. Captain Hudson o hauls his valise for mouldy clothes, and was succ ful ' in finding some shirts that way inclined, eome books also.' A faint glimmer ef suns' through the all-pervading fog is diligently impro to counteract this unpleasant tendency of everytl on hoard the Red, White, and Bluel On the 4t August they sighted a barque, the first sail sect twenty days, and saw the sun set the first time l'oi days. The next day, Sunday, August 5th, they another ship. Sheran down to them, and proved t the barque Princess Royal, of Nova Scotia. She 1 to, and the little ship ran under her lee, and got j her a bottle, sn old white signal light, and Irish I and Freeman's Journal of July 24 th. The barque eleven days out from Dublin, bound to Quebec, seasonable gift of the rum they found ' very goo- wet days' an experience which we feci inclined cc ally to indorse, tcetotalism to the contrary notv standing. On the Gth the sea ran so high that little ship took in two over the stern, or, rather, fragments occasioncd by her sharp stem split them as they flew past her. About 5 p.m. a bliiK took her on the port quarter, and hove her on to starboard beam ends. On letting go the topsail yards she righted in about half a minute. TJiei something almost comical in the entry recording event, which soys, 'We have carried sail pretty 1 but never saw her do that before. The dangeroui was the cause, as we only had foresail, foretoj foretopmoBt staysail, and jib set.' It was not 1 however, before they had a repetition of the i rather alarming occurrence ; for next morning 8.30, they shipped a heavy sea, which again threv ship flat on her starboard beam ends. With | difficulty they clewed down the fore and main topi and in about a minute — which, we can well conc ' looked like an hour,' ehe slowly righted, and some considerable baling things were got into tole: order. Twice again before making the English i was the little ship hove on to her be and after a few anxious seconds righted agaii the heave of the ssa. During the whole oi beginning of August she experienced strong wee and north-westerly winds, which enabled 'her t lier course, but which caused her to ship so i water that captain and mate were never dry, suffered much from cold and exposure. On Sui 12th August instant, the monotony of their dail; was somewhat relieved by a large shark co alongside and keeping them company. They tliii got an observation of the sun, and found the} overrun their reckoning about 60 miles in a n 3300 from New York : considering that they ha the most part been navigatihg by dead reckoning error was really very small. They found tbat Ui bore south, distant 27 miles, and from this point took a fresh departure and stood up the En Channel. They were soon in the track of ship bnt none seemed to have troubled themselves i the diminutive stranger, until an American bai the Nellie Merrvman, of New York, Captain I Rawlins, gave them two bottles of brandy, a bi white signal lamp, and the bearings of the S Portland. The rest of this adventurous story is told. Passing up Channel with a flowing sheet, made all the well-known points in succession, municating at Hastings with some fishermen, whom the news of their arrival was first heard by whom Captain Hudson and his mate, Mr. J learned that the Great Eastern had successfully the Atlantic cable. At Deal they got the offer pilot, wbich was declined. Rounding tke_f Foreland, sbe heat np against a head win Margate. On the afternoon of the 16th, abreast of that place, it came on to bio' hard that- they gladly accepted the ofic Captain Thomas Wather, of the boat Jessie, took hold of the little ship and towed it into the hour. The crowd on the pier cheered them In and'for the next forty-eight hours the little shi] visited by thousands, e f whom some were see; enough to express doubts that so small a era) ever performed so long a voyage. For the first for thirty-four days these wet and weary men cn the luxury of stretching their stiffened limbs t sleeping in a dry bed. They remained at Marga Saturday, the 18th, when, about 2 p.m., they sail with a light wind, and beat up for themoi the Thames. The wind was light and the ebl strong, co tbat it waB 4 a.m. on Sunday morning 1 they were abreast of Sheeraess. At 6 a.m. the b ship Londonderry, Csptain White, ran alongsid kindly offered to tow them up to Gravesend. offer wbb gladly accepted, ond they wen the rirer astern of the steamer, furling sailf taking things comfortably. The only drawba their satisfaction was that poor Fanny, not hcinj to hold eut any longer, died at their feet in sgony, after a number of previous fits. Aft steamer had anchored at Gravesend, Captain 1 paid them a visit, and took them back to dinnei him. Eventually the Red, White, and Blue w- as far as Gieenhitlie, and was anchored ast tbe coastguard ship, where she was scraped, pa and made presentable before being brought town. 'This extraordinary voyage was formed in 34 days from New York to tke chops Channel, 38 days to Margate, and 40 days 16 ho Gravesend. Captain Hudson and his com] may be fairly congratulated on having safely a plisbed so perilous an adventure. Whatever result may have been achieved, no one will deny what credit may attach to the demonstration being possible to crosB the stormiest occan in the in a cockle-shell. The Red, White, and Blue was conveyed CryBtal Palace from Greenhithe on Saturday. tBin Julius and Captain Hudson accompanie little ship, which for some time' to come will for of the attractions of the Palace. To Kief Ice.— Make a double pocket of any of strong woollen cloth, no matter how fadei coarse it is. Have a space of two inches or so be the inner and enter pockets, and pack tliis spi full as possible with feathers ; you have no n U6fi geese feathers ; hen's feathers are just as With a pocket thus constructed and kept - tied at the mouth, a few pounds of ioe may be week. 