THE OUTCASTS. ST TU. AUTHOR OF LADY AUDLnT'5 SPCR0ET. CHAPTER LVII. rT?a man who called himself Henry Dunbar was lying on the tapestried cushions of a carved oaken couch, that stood before the fire -in l his spacious sitting- room. He lay there, listening. to the March wind roaring in the broad chimney, and watchinig the blazing coals, the crackling logs of wood. It was three o'clock in the morning now, and the servants had left the room at mid night; but the sick man had ordered a huge fire to be made up-a fire that promised to .last for some hours. ''The master of Maudesloy Abbey was in no * way improved by his long imprisonment. His complexion had faded to a dull leaden hue; his cheeks were sunken; his eyes looked unnaturally large and unnaturally bright. Long hours of loneliness, long, sleepless nights, and thoughts that, from every diverg ing point, for over narrowed inwards to one hideous centre, had done their work of ruin. The man lying opposite the fire to-night looked ten years older than the man who gave hiss evidence so boldly and clearly before the coroner's jury at Winchester. "The crutches-they were made of some :lhght, polished wood, and were triumphs of art in their way-leaned against a table, close to the couch, and within the reach of the man's hand. Ho had learned to walk about the rooms and on the gravel drive before the Abbey with those crutches, and had even learned to do without them, for he was now able to set the lamed foot upon the ground; but, as yet, he walked slowly and doubtfully, in spite of his impatience to be about once more. Heaven knows how many different ;.thoughts were busy in his restless brain that night. Strange memories came back to him as he lay staring at the rod chasms and ,craggy steeps in the fire-memories of a time fso long gone by that all the personages of that period seemed to him like the characters in a book, or the figures in a picture. lie saw their faces, and he remembered how they had looked at him; and, among these other faces, he saw the many semblances which his own had worn. .Oh, God! how that face had changed. The bright, frank, boyish countenance, look ing eagerly out upon a world that seemed so pleasant; the young man's hopeful smile; and then, the hard face that grow harder with the lapse of years; the smile that took no radiance from a light within; the frown that blackened as the soul grew darker. IHe s'aw all these, and still for ever, amid a thousand distracting ideas, his thoughts, which were beyond his own volition, concen trated in the one plague-spot of his life, and held him there, fixed as a wretch bound hand and foot upon the fatal rack. "If I could only get away from this place," he said to himself; "if I could got away, it would all be different. Change of scene, activity, hurrying from place to place in new countries, and amongst strange people, would have the usual influence upon me. That memory would pass away then, as other memories have passed-; only to be recalled now and then, in a dream; or conjured up by some chance allusion dropped from the lips of strangers, some coincidence of resemblance in a scene, or face, or tone, or look. That memory cannot be so much worse than the rest that it should be ineffaceable, where they have been effaced. But while I stay here, here in this dismal room, where the droppiog of the ashes on the hearth, the ticking of the clock upon the chimney-piece, are like that torture I have read of somewhere, the drop of water falling at intervals upon the victim's forehead, until the anguish of its monotony Sdrives him raving mad- while I stay here there is no hope of forgetfulness, no pos sibility of peace. I saw him last night, and the night before last, and the night before that. I see him always when I go to sleep, .smiling at me, as he smiled when we went :into the grove. I can hear his voice, and the words he said, every syllable of those insig nificant words, selfish murmurs about the probability of his being fatigued in that long walk, the possibility that it would have been better to hire a fly, and to have driven by the road. Bah! What was he that I should be sorry for him ? Am I sorry for him? No! I am sorry for myself, and for the torture which I have created for myself. Oh, God ! I can see him' now as he looked up at me out of the water. The motion of the stream gave a look of life to his face, and o I almost thought he was still alive, and I had never done that deed." These were the pleasant fireside thoughts with which the master of Maudosley Abbey beguiled the hours of his convalescence. Heaven keep our memories green, and HIeaven preserve us from such deeds as make our memories hideous to us. From such a reverio as this the master of ]Maudesley Abbey was suddenly aroused by the sound of a light knocking against one of the windows of his room; the window nearest him as he lay on the couch. He started, and lifted himself into a sitting posture. "Who is there?" he cried, impatiently. He was frightened, and clasped his two hands upon his forehead, trying to think who the late visitant could be. Why should any one come to him at such an hour, unless unless it was discovered ? There could be no other justification for such an intrusion. His breath came short and thick as he thought of this. Had it come at lost, then, that awfuil moment which he had dreamed of so. many times-that hideous crisis which he had imagined under so many different aspecte? Had it come at last, like this? quietly, in the dead of the night, without one moment's warning ?-before he had prepared himself to escape it, or hardened himself to meet it? Had it come now ? The man thought all this while he listened, with his chest heaving, his breath coming in hoarse gasps, waiting for the reply to the question. There was no reply, except the knocking, which grew louder and more hurried. If there can be expression in the tapping of a hand against a pane of glass, there was ex pression in that hand; the expression of entreaty rather than of demand, as it seemed ..to that -whiteo:as 1glrrsr-striokon listener. l"'-His heart 'gave a great throb, like a pri soner who leaps away from the fetters that have'been newly loosened. /. . --...What a fool I have been," he thought. N. If it was that, there wouldc e knocking and rie'Cing at the hall-door, I:nstead, of that 'ti'duo strsamons. I suppose that fellow, ialiance, has got into some kind of trouble, nd has come in the dead of the night to hound me for money. It would be only like him to do it. IHe knows he must be ad oitted, lot him come when be may." The invalid gave a groan as he thought this. He got up and walked to the window, leaning upon a cane as hle went. The knocking still sounded. He was close to the window, and heard somnothing besides .he knocking-a woman's voice, not loud, but peculiarly audible by reason of its earnest "Let me in ; for pity's sake, lot me in." T'ho man standing at the window knew that voice; only too well, only too well. It was the voice of the girl who had so per sistontly followed him, who had only lately succeeded in seeing him. LIe drew back the bolts that fastened the long French window, opened it, and admitted Margaret Wilmot. ";Margaret," he cried, " what in Heaven's name brings you here at such an hour as this ? " "Danger," answered the girl, breathlessly. I'Danger to you. I have been running; and the words seem to choke me as I speak. heoroe's not a moment to be rest,. not one moment. They will be hero directly; they cannot fail to be here directly. I felt as if thoy had boon close behind me all the way they may have boon so. There is not a moment-not one moment." She stopped, with her hands clasped upon her breast. She was incoherent in her ex citement, and knew that she was so, and struggled to express herself clearly. " Oh, father ! " she exclaimed, lifting her hands to her head, and pushing the loose, tangled hair away from her face; " I have tried to save you-I have tried to save you ! But sometimes I think that it is not to be. It may be God's mercy that you should be taken, and your wretlched daughter can die with you !" She fell upon her knees, suddenly, in a kind of delirium, and lifted up her clasped hands. "Oh, God, have mercy upon him ! " she cried. "As I prayed in this room before- as I have prayed every hour since that dreadful time-I pray again to-night. Have mercy upon him, and give him a penitent heart, and wash out his sin. What is the penalty he may suffer here compared to that Thou canst inflict hereafter? Lot the chastisement of man fall upon him, so long as Thou wilt accept his repentance !" "Margaret," said Joseph Wilmot, grasp ing the girl's arm, " are you praying that I may be hung? Have you come here to do that? Get up, and tell me what is the matter ! " Margaret Wilmot rose from her knees shuddering, and looking straight before her, trying to be calm-trying to collect her thoughts. " Father," she said, "I have never known one hour's peaceful sleep since the night Ileft this room. For the last three nights 1 have not slept at all. I have been travelling, walking fiom place to place, until I could drop on the floor at your feet. I want to tell you-but the words-the words-won't come -somehow---" She pointed to her dry lips, which moved, but made no sound. There was a bottle of pale brandy and a glass on the table near the couch. He snatched up the bottle and glass, poured out some of the brandy, and placed it between his daughter's lips. She drank the spirit eagerly. She would have drunk living fire, if, by so doing, she would have gained strength to complete her task. " You must leave this house directly ! " she gasped. "You must go abroad, anywhere, so long as you are safe out of the way. They will be here to look for you-heaven only knows how soon I " "They ! Who?" "Clement Austin-and a man-a detec tive "Clement Austin -your lover -your con federate ? You have betrayed me, Mar garet !" "I I" cried the girl, looking at her father. There was something sublime in the tone of that one word-something superb in the girl's face, as her eyes met the haggard gaze of the murderer. "Forgive me, my girl No, no, you wouldn't do that, even to a loathsome wretch ike me!" "But you will go away-you will escape from them." " Why should I be afraid of them ? Lot them come when they please, they have no proof against me." "No proof? Oh, father, you don't know -you don't know. They have been to Winchester. I heard from Clement's mother that hn hand con there. and I went after him, and found out where ho was-at the inn where you stayed-where you refused to see me--and that there was a man with him. I waited about the streets, and at night I saw them both, the man and Clement. Oh! father, I knoew they could have only one pum pose in comning to that place. I saw them at night, and the next day I watched them again-waiting about the street, and hiding myself under porches, or in shops, when there was any chance of my being seen. I saw Clement leave the George, and take the way towards the cathedral. I went to the cathe dral-yard afterwards, and saw the strange man talking in a doorway with an old man. I loitered about the cathedral-yard, and saw the man that was with Clement go away, down by the meadows, towards the grove, to the place where- " She stopped and trembled so violently that she was unable to speak. Joseph Wilmot filled the glass with brandy for the second time, anti put it to his daugh ter's lips. She drank about a teaspoonful and then went on, speaking very rapidly, and in broken sentences "I followed the man, keeping a good way behind, so that he might not see that he was followed. lie went straight down to the very place where-the murder was done. Clement was there, and three men. They were there under the trees, and they were dragging the water." "Dragging the water I Oh, my God, why were they doing that? " cried the man, drop pming suddenly upon the chair nearest to him, and with his face livid. For the first time since Margaret had entered the room terror took possession of him. Until now he had listened attentively, anxiously; but the ghastly look of fear anti horror was now upon his face. Hle had defied discovery. The're was only one thing that :ould be used against him- the bundle of clothes, the marked garments ofhe murdered man-those fatal garments which he had boon unable to destroy, which he had only been able to hide. These things alone could give evidence against him; but who should .hink of searching for these things? Again and again le had thought of the bundle at the bottom of the stream, only to laugh at the wondrous science of discovery which had slunk back baffled by so slight a mystery, only to fancy the water-rats gnawing the dead nan's garments, and all the ooze and slime creeping in and out amongst the folds until the rotting garments became' a very part of the rank river weeds that crawled and tangled round them. He had thought this, and the knowledge that strangers had been busy on that spot, dragging the water-the dreadful water that had so often flowed through his dreams with, not one, but a thousand dead faces look ing up and grinning at him through the stream, the tidings that a search had been made there, came upon him like a thunder bolt. "Why did they drag the water ?" he cried again. His daughter was standing a little distance from him. She had never gone close up to him, and she had receded a little-involun tarily, as a woman shrinks away from some animal she is frightened of-whenever he had approached her. He knew this-yes, amidst every other conflicting thought, this man was conscious that his daughter avoided him. "They dragged the water," Margaret said; "I walked about-that place-under the alms-all the day-only one day; but it seeomed to last for ever and ever: I was obliged to hide myself- and to keep at a dis tance, for Clement was there all day ; but as it grow dusk I ventured nearer, and found out what they were doing, and that they had not found what they were searching for; but I did not know yet what it was they wanted to find." "But they found it!" gasped the girl's father; "did they find it? Come to that." "Yes, they found it by-and-by. A bundle of rags, a boy told me-a boy who had been about with the men all day-'a bundle of rags it looked like,' he said; but he heard the constable say that those rags were the clothes that had belonged to the murdered man." "What then ? what next? " "I waited to hear no more, father; I ran all the way to Winchester to the station-I was in time for a train, which brought me to London-I came on by the mail to Rugby and- " " Yes, yes; I know--and you are a bravo girl, a noble girl. Ah! my poor Margaret, I don't think I should have hated that man so much if it hadn't been for the thought of you -your lonely girlhood-your hopeless, joy leoss life-and all through him-all through the man who ruined me at the outset of my life. But I won't talk-I daren't talk-they have found the clothes-they know the man who was murdered was Henry Dunbar-they will be here-let me think-let me think- let me think how I can get away ! " He clasped both his hands upon his head, as if by force of their iron grip he could steady his mind, clear away the confusion of his brain. From the first day on which he had takeni possession of the dead man's property untili this moment he had lived in perpatual terror¶ of the crisis which had now arrived. There was no preparation in his power to make that he had left unmade. But he had hoped to anticipate the dreaded hour. He had planned his flight, and meant to have left Maudeasley Abbey for ever, in the first hour that found him capable of travelling. He had planned his flight, and had started on that wintry afternoon, when the Sabbath bells had a muffled sound, as their solemn peals floated across the snow-he had started on his journey with the intention of never again returning to Maudesley Abbey. He had meant to leave England and wander far away, through all manner of unfrequented districts, choosing places that were most diffi oult of approach, and least affected by Eng lish travellers. He had meant to do this, and bad calcu lated that his conduct would be, at the worst, considered eccentric, or, perhaps, scarcely un natural in a lonely man, whose only child had married into a higher sphere than his own. He had meant to do this, and by-and-by, when he had. been lost eight of by the world, to hide himself under a new name and a new nationality, so that, if ever, by some strange fatality, by some awfil interposition of Providence, the secret of Henry Dunbar's death should come to light, the murderer would be as entirely removed from human knowledge as if the grave had closed over him and hidden him for ever. This is the course that Joseph Wilmot had planned for himself. Ho had had plenty of time to think and plot in the long nights that he had spent in those splendid rooms-those noble chambers, whoso grandeur had been more hideous to him than the blank walls of a condemned cell; whoso atmosphere had seemed more suffocating than tile foetid vapours of a fever-tainted don in St. Giles's. The passionate, rvongofiul yearning of a man who has been cruelly injured and betrayed, the common greed of wealth, engendered out of poverty's slow torture, had arisen rampant in this man's breast at the sight of Henry Dunbar. By one hideous deed both passions were gratified, and Joseph Wilmot, the bank messenger, the confidential valet, the forger, the convict, the ticket-of-leave man, the pen niless reprobate, became master of a million of money. Yes, he had done this. HIo had entered Winchester upon that August afternoon, with a few sovereigns and a handful of silver in his pocket and with a life of poverty and degradation before him. He had loft the same town, chief partner in the firm of Dunbar, Dunbar, and Balderby, and solo owner of Maudesloy Abbey, the Yorkshire estates, and the house in Portland-place. Surely tihis was the very triumph of crime, a master-stroke of villainy. But had the villain ever known one moment's happiness since the commission of that deed-one moment's freedom from a slow, torturing anguish, that was like the gnawing of a ravenous boast for ever preying on his entrails. The author of the Olpium-eater suffered so cruelly from some internal agony, that he grew at last to fancy there was indeed some living creature inside him, for ever torturing and tormenting hirm. This doubtless was only the fancy of an invalid; but what of that serpent called Remorse, which coils itself about the heart of the murderer, and holds it for ever in a deadly grip-never to beat freely again, never to know a painless throb, or to feel a sweet emotion. In a few minutes-whilo the rooks were cawing in the elms and the green leaves flut tering in the drowsy summer air, and the blue waters rippling in the sunshine and flecked by the shadows-Joseph Wilmot had done a d:eed which had given him the richest reward that a murderer ever hoped to win; and had so transformed his life, so changed the very current of his being, that he went away out of that wood, not alone, but dogged step by step by a gaunt, stalking creature, a hideous monster, that echoed his every breath and followed at his shoulder, and clung about him, and grappled his throat, and weighed him down; a horrid thing which had neither shape nor name, and yet wore every shape and took every name, and was the ghost of the deed he had done. Joseph Wilmot stood for a few moments with his hands clasped upon his head, and then the shadows faded from his face, which suddenly became fixed and resolute-looking. The first thrill of terror, the first shock of surprise were over. This man never had been and never could be a coward. He was ready now for the worst. It may be that he was glad the worst had come. Hie had suffered such unutterable anguish, such indescribable tortures, during the time in which his guilt had been unsuspected, that it may have been a kind of relief to know that his secret was discovered, and that he was free to drop the mask. While he paused, thinking what be was to do, some lucky thought came to him, for his face brightened suddenly with a triumphant smile. "The horse," he said. "I may ride, though I can't walk." He took up his crutches and went to the next room, where there was a door that opened into the quadrangle, in which the master of the Abbey had caused a loose-box to be built for his favourite horse. Margaret followed her father, not closely, but at a little distance, watching him with anxious, wondering eyes. He unfastened the half- glass door, opened it, and went out into the quadrangular gar den, where the flower-beds were primly dotted on the smooth grass-plot, in the centre of which there was a little fountain that never had played within the memory of living man. "Go back for the lamp, Margaret," Joseph Wilmot whispored. "I must have liwht." The girl obeyed. She had left off trem bling now, and carried the shaded lamp as steadily as if she had been bent on some simple womanly errand. She followed her father into the garden, and went with him to the loose box where the horse was to be found. The animal knew his master, even in that uncertain light. There was gaslaid on in the millionaire's stables, and a low jet had been left burning by the groom. The horse plunged his head about his mas ter's shoulders, and shook his mane, and reared, and disported himself in his delight at seeing his old master once more, and it was only Joseph Wilmot's soothing hand and voice that subdued the animal's exuberant spirits. "Steady, boy, steady; quiet, old fellow," Joseph Wilmot said, in a whisper. Three or four saddles and bridles hung upon a rack in one corner of the small stable. Joseph Wilmot selected the things he wanted, and began to saddle his horse, supporting himself on his cane as he did so. The groom slept in the house now, by his master's orders, and there was no one within henrrinr'. The-horse was saddled and bridled in five minutes, and Joseph Wilmot led him out of the stable, followed by Margaret, who still carried the lamp. There was a low iron gate leading out of the quadrangle into the grounds. Joseph led the horse to this gate. "Go back and get my coat," he said to Mfargaret. "You'll go faster than I can. You'll find a coat lined with fur on a chair in the bed- room." His daughter obeyed, silently and quietly as she had done before. The rooms all opened one into the other. She saw the bed-room with the tall, gloomy bedstead, the light of the fire flickering here and there. She set the lamp down upon a table in this room, and found the fur-lined coat her father had sent her to fetch. There was a purse lying on a dressing-table, with sovereigns glittering through the silken network, and the girl snatched it up as she hurried away, think ing in her innocent simplicity, that her father might have nothing but those few sovereigns to help him in his flight. She went back to him, carrying the bulky overcoat, and helped him to put it on in place of the dressing gown he had been wearing. He had taken his hat before going to the stable. " Here is your purse, father," she said, thrusting it into his hand; " there is some thing in it, but I'm afraid there's not very muchb. How will you manage for money where you are going ?" "I shall manage very well." ITe had got into the saddle by this time, not without considerable difficulty; but though the fresh air made him feel faint and dizzy, he felt himself a new man now that the horse was under him, the brave horse, the creature that loved him, whose powerful stride could carry him almost to the other end of the world, as it seemed to Joseph Wilmot in the first triumph of being astride the animal once more. He put his hand involun tarily to the belt that was strapped round him, as Margaret asked that question about the money. "Oh, yes," he said; "I've money enough -I am all right." "But where are you going?" she asked eagerly. The horse was tearing up the Wet gravel, and making furious champing noises in his impatience of all the delay. " I don't know," Joseph Wilmot answered; "that will depend upon-I don't know. Good night, Margaret. God bless you ! I don't suppose He listens to the prayers of such as me. If He did, it might have been all different long ago-when I tried to be honest !" Yes, this was true, the murderer of Henry Dunbar had once tried to be honest, and had prayed God to prosper his honesty; but then he only tried to do right in a spasmodic, fitful kind of way, and expected his prayers to be granted as soon as asked, and was indignant with a Providence that seemed to be deaf to his entreaties. He bad always lacked that sublime quality of patienco which endures the evil day, and calmly breasts the storm.. " Let mo go with you, father," Margarot said, in an entreating voice, "lit me go with you. Thoro is nothing in all the.world for ne, except the hope of God's forgiveness of you. I want to bo with you. I don'ftwant you to be amongst bad men, who will hardeh your heart. I want to be with you-far away- where--" " You with me?" said Joseph Wilmot slowly; "you with me ? " "With all my heart!" "And you're true," he cried, bending down to grasp his daughter's shoulder and look into her face, " you're true, Margaret, eh?-true as steel; ready for anything, no flinching, no quailing or trembling when the danger comes. You've stood a great deal, and stood it nobly. Can you stand still more, oh?" " For your sake, father; for your sake ! yes. Yes, I will brave anything in the world, do anything to save you from--" She shuddered as she remembered what the danger was that assailed him, the horror from which flight alone could save him. No, no, no! that could never be endured at any cost; at any sacrifice he must be saved from that. No strength of womanly fortitude, no trust in the mercy of God, could ever make her resigned to that. "I'll trust you, Margaret," said Joseph Wilmot, loosening his grasp upon the girl's shoulder; "I'll trust you. Havn't I reason to trust you ? Didn't I see your mother, on the day when she found out what my history was; didn't I see the colour fade out of her face until she was whiter than the linen collar round her neck, and in the next moment her arms were about me, and her honest eyes looking up in my face, as she cried, " I shall never love you less, dear; there's nothing in this world can marke mo love you less " He± paused for a moment. Hi?is voice had grown thick and husky, but he broke out violently in the next instant. " Groat heaven l why do I stop talking like this? Listen to me, Margaret; if you want to see the last of me, you must find your way, somehow or other, to Woodbine cottage, near Lisford, on the Lisford road, I think. Find your way there-I'm going there now, and shall be there long before you-you understand ? " " Yes ; Woodbine-cottage, Lisford - I shan't forget; God speed you, father; God help you!" " He is the God of sinners," thought the wretched girl. " He gave Cain a long life time in which to repent his sins." Margaret thought this as she stood at the gate, listening to the horse's hoofs upon the gravel road that wound through the grounds away into the park. She was very very tired, but she had little sense of her fatigue, and her journey was by no means finished yet. She did not once look back at Maudesley Abbey, that stately and splendid mansion, in which a miserable wretch had acted his part, and endured the penalty of his guilt, for many wearisome months. She wont away-hurrying along the lonely pathways, with the night breezes blowing her loose hair across her eyes and half-blinding her as she went-to find the gate by which s'e had entered the park. oae went out at this gateway becauseeit wn that only point of oegress by which oib could leave the park without being seen by the keeper of a lodge. The dim morning light was gray in the sky before she met any one whom she could ask to direct her to Woodbine-cottage; but at last a man came out of a farm-yard, with a couple of milk pails, and directed her to the Lisford-road. It was broad daylight when she reached the little garden-gate before Herr Von Vol terchoker's abode. It was broad daylight, and the door leading into the prim little hall was ajar. The girl pushed it open and fell into the arms of a man, who caught her as she fainted. "Poor girl, poor child!" said Joseph Wilmot; " to think what she has suffered. And I thought that she would profit by that crime; I thought that she would take the money, and be content to leave the mystery unravelled. My poor child! my poor, un happy child." The man who had murdered Henry Dunbar wept aloud over the white face of his uncon :scious daughter. "Don't let's have any of that fooling," cried a harsh voice from the little parlor; " we've no time to waste on snivelling." CHAPTER LVIII. Mn. CARTEn, the detective, lost no time about his work; but he did not employ the telegraph, by which means he might perhaps have expedited the arrest of Henry Dunbar's murderer. He" did not avail himself of the facilities offered by that wonderful electric telegraph, which was facetiously called the rope that hung Tawell, the quaker, be cause in so doing he must have taken the local police into his confidence, and he wished to do his work quietly, only aided by a com panion and humble follower, whom he was in the habit of employing. Hoe went up to London by the mail train after parting with Clement Austin, took a cab at the Waterloo station, and drove straight off to the habitation of his humble assistant, whom he most unceremoniously roused from his bed. But there was no train for Warwickshire before the six o'clock parliamentary, and there was a seven o'clock express, which would reach Rugby ten minutes after that miserably slow conveyance; so Mr. Carter naturally elected to sacrifice the ten minutes, and travel by the express. Meanwhile he took a hearty breakfast, which had been hastily prepared by the wife of his friend and follower, and explained the nature of the business before them. It must be confessed that, in making these explanations to his humble friend, Mr. Carter employed a tone that implied no little superiority, and that the friendliness of his manner was tempered by condescension. The friend was a middle-aged and most respectable looking individual, with a turnip hued skin, relieved by freckles, dark red eyes, and pale red hair. Ho was not a very prepossessing person, and had a habit of working about his lips and jaws, when he was neither eating nor talking, which was far from pleasant to behold. HIe was very much esteemed by Mr. Carter, nevertheless; not so much becaus he he was clover, as because he looked so eminently stupid. This last cha racteristic had won for him the soubriquet of Sawney Tom, and he was considered worth his weight in sovereigns, on certain occa. sions, when a simple country lad, or a ver dant-looking linendraper's apprentice, was required to play some little scene in the detective drama. "'You'll bring some of your traps with you, Sawney," said Mr. Carter. "I'll take another, ma'am, if you please. Three minutes and a half this time, and let the white set tolerably firm." .This last remark was ad dressed to Mrs. Siviney Tom, or rather 'Mrs. Thomas Tibbles-Sawney Tom's name was Tibbles--who was standing by the fire boil ing eggs'and toasting bread for her husband's patron. "You'll bring your traps, Sawney," continued the detective, with his mouth filled with buttered toast; "there's no knowing how much trouble this cliap may give us, because, you see, a chap that can play the bold game he has played, and keep it up for nigh upon a twelvemonth, could play any game. There's nothing out that he need look upon as beyond him. So, though I've every reason to think we shall take my friend at Maudesley Abbey q. as quietly as ever a child in arms was taken out of its cradle, still we may as well be prepared for the worst." Mr. Tibbles, who was of a taciturn dis position, and who had been busily chewing nothing while listening to his superior, merely gave a jerk of acquiescence in answer to the detective's snoech. " We start as solicitor and clerk," said Mr. Carter. "You'll carry a blue bag. You'd better go and dress. The time's getting on, and I've got to drop a little parcel out of my portmanteau.at my place, before we go to the station. Respectable black, and a clean shave, you know, Sawney. We're going to an old gentleman in the neighbourhood of Shorncliffe, that wants his will altered all of a hurry, having quarrelled with his three daughters: that's what we're goin' to do if anybody's curious about our business." Mr. Tibbles nodded, and retired to an inner apartment, whence he emerged by-and by dressed in a shabby genteel costume of somewhat funeral aspect, and with the lower part of his face rasped like a French roll, and somewhat resembling that edible in colour. He brought a small portmanteau with him, and then departed to fetch a cab, in which vehicle the gentlemen drove away to the Euston-square station. It was one o'clock in the day when they reached the great iron gates of Maudesley Abbey in a fly which they had obtained at Shorncliffe. It was one o'clock on a bright sunshiny spring day, and the heart of Mr. Carter, the detective, beat high with expecta tion of a great triumph. He descended from the fly himself, in order to question the woman at the lodge. " You'd better get out, Sawney," he said, putting his head in at the window, in order to speak to his companion; "I shan't take the vehicle into the park. It'll be quieter and safer for us to walk up to the house." Mr. Tibbles, with his blue bag on his arm, got out of the fly, prepared to attend his superior whithersoever that luminary chose to lead him. The woman of the lodge was not alone; a little group of gossips were gathered in the primly-furnished parlour, and the talk was loud and animated. " Which I was that took aback likd, you might have knocked me down with a feather," said the proprietress of the little parlour, as hab wunt out of the rustic porch to open the gate for Mr. Carter and his companion. "I want to see Mr. Dunbar," he said, "on particular business. You can tell him Icome from the banking-house in St. Botolph-lane. I've got a letter from the junior partner there, and I'm to deliver it to Mr. Dunbar himself." The keeper of the lodge threw up her hands and eyes in token of utter bewilder ment. "Begging your pardon, sir," she said, " but I have been that upset I don't know scarcely what I'm a doing of. Mr. Dunbar have gone, sir, and nobody in the house don't know why he went, or where he's gone. The man.servant as waited on him found the rooms all empty the first thing this morning; and the groom as had charge of Mr. Dunbar's horse, and slap' at the back of the house, not far from the stables, fancied as how he heard a trampling last night where the horse was kep', but put it down to the animal bhin' rest less on account of the change in the weather; and this morning the horse was gone, and the gravel all trampled up, and Mr. Dunbar's gold-headed cane (which the poor gentleman was still so lame it was as much as he could do to walk from one room to another) was lying by the garden gate; and how he ever managed to get out and about and saddle his horse and ride away like that without bein' ever heard by a creetur, nobody hasn't the slightest notion; and everybody this morning was distracted like, searchin' 'igh and low; but not a sign of Mr. Dunbar was found nowhere." Mr. Carter turned pale, and stamped his foot upon the gravel drive. Two hundred pounds is a large stake for a poor man, and hMr. Carter's reputation was also trembling in the balance. The very man he wanted gone -gone away in the dead of the night, while all the household was sleeping ! "But he was lame," he cried. "How about that?- The railway accident-the broken leg- " "Yes, sir," the woman answered eagerly; "that's the very thing sir; which they're all talkin' about it at the house, sir; and how a poor invalid gentleman, what could scarce stir hand or foot, should get up in the middle of the night and saddle his own horse, and ride away at rampageous rate, which the groom say he have rode rampageous, or the gravel wouldn't be tore up as it is. And they do say, sir, as Mr. Dunbar must have been took mad all of a sudden, and the doctor was in an awful way when he heard it; and there's been people riding right and left lookin' for him, sir. And Miss Dunbar - leastways the Countess of Haughton-which her poor hus band is so ill she can scares leave his bed side-was sent for early this morning, and she's at the house now, sir; and if your busi ness is so very important, perhaps you'd like to see her-' " I should," answered the detective, briskly. "You stop here, Sawney," he added, aside to his attendant; "you stop here and pick up what you can. I'll go up to the house and see the lady." Mr. Carter found the door open, and a group of servants clustered in the gothic porch. The countess was in Mr. Dunbar's rooms, a footman told him. The detective sent this man to ask if Lady Haughton would receive a stranger from London, on most im. portent business. The man came back in five minutes to say yes, Lady Haughton would see the strange gentleman. The detective was ushered through the two outer rooms leading to that tapestried, apart ment in which the missing mans had spent so many miserable dayns, so many dismal nights. He found Laura standing in one of the win dows looking out across the smooth lawn, looking anxiously out towards the winding gravel drive that led from the principal lodge to the house. She turned away from the window as Mr. Carter approached her, and' passed her hand across her forehead. Her eyelids trembled, and she had the look of a person whose senses had been dazed by a long period of excite ment and confusion. " Have you come to bring me any news of my father ?" she said. "I am distracted by this new calamity, this mysterious trouble. I left my husband's sick bed to come here, and I want to get back to him-I want to get back. He may miss me; he may think that I-', She did not finish the sentence in any words, but in her own mind she thought "He will think that I have fled from him because of his sin. He will think that he is deserted even by the woman for whose sake he perilled his own soul." Laura looked imploringly at the detective. Something in his grave face frightened her. "You have come to tell me of some now trouble," she cried. "No, Miss Dunbar-no, Lady Haughton, I have no new trouble to announce to you. I have come to this house in search of- of the gentleman who went away last night. I must find him at any cost. All I want is a little help from you. You may trust to me that he shall be found, and speedily, if he lives." " If he lives! " cried Laura with a sudden terror in her face. "Surely you do not imagine-you do not fear that- " "I imagine nothing, Lady Haughton. My duty is very simple, and lies straight before me. I must find the missing man." " You will find my father," said Laura, with a puzzled expression. "Yes, I am most anxious that he should be found; and if-if you will accept any reward for your efforts, I shall be only too glad to give all you can ask. But how is it that you happen to come here, and to take this interest in my father? You coine from the banking-house, I suppose?" "Yes," the detective answered, after a pause; "yes, Lady IlIaughton, I come from, the office in St. Botelph-lanre." Mr. Carter was silent for some few mo ments, during which his eyes wandered about the apartment, in that professional survey which took in every detail, friom the colour of the curtains nod the pattern of the carpets, to the. tiniest porcelain toy in an antiqne cabinet on one side of the fireplace. The only thing upon which the detective's glance lingered was the lamp which Margaret had extinguished. "I'm going to ask your ladyship a ques. tion," said Mr. Carter, presently, looking gravely, and almost compassionately, at the beautiful face before him; "yeou'll think me impertinent, perhaps, but I lhope you'll believe that I'm only a straightforward ibnsiness man, anxious to do my duty in my own line of life, and to do it with consideration for all parties. You seem very anxious about this missing gentleman; may I ask if you are very fond of him? It's a strange question, I know, my lady-or, it seems a strange question but there's more in the answer than you can guess, and I shall be very grateful to you if you'll answer it candidly." . A faint flush crept over Laura's face, and the tears started suddenly to her eyes. She turned away from the detective, and brushed . her handkerchief hastily across those tearful eyes. She walked to the window, and stood there for a minute or so, looking out. " Why do you ask me this question? " she asked, rather haughtily. "I cannot tell you that, my lady, at pro sent," the detective answered; "but I give you'my word of honour that I have a very good reason for what I do." "Very well, then, I will answer you frankly," said Laura, turning and looking Mr. Carter full in the face. "I will answer you, for I believe that you are an honest man. There is very little love between my * father and me. It is our misfortune, perhaps ; and it may be only natural that it should be so, for we were separated from each other for so many years, that, when at last the day of our meeting came, we met like strangers, and there was a barrier between us that never could be broken down. Heaven knows how anxiously I used to look forward to my father's return from India, or how bitterly I felt the disappointment when I discovered, little by little, that we should never be to one another what other fathers and daughters, who have never known the long bitterness of sepa ration, are to each other. But pray remem ber that I do not complain; my father has been very good to me, very indulgent, very generous. His last act, before the accident which laid him up so long, was to take a journey to London on purpose to buy dia monds for a necklace, which was to be his wedding present to me. I do not speak of this because I care for the jewels; I have known too much trouble-since-since my husband's illness, to care for such things ; but I am pleased to think that, in spite of the coldness of his manner, my father lhad some Saffection for his only child." Mr. narter was not looklting at Laura, he was staring out of the window, and his eyes had that stolid glare with iwhich they had gazed at Clement Austin lwhile tlhe cashier told his story. " A diamond neckluce !" to said; '" hunmlh -lha-lha-yes; " All this was in an cenlher tone, that hummed faintly throuegh the dt tective's closedi teeth. "A dliameond neck lace! You've got the niecklace, I seppose, eh, my lady ? " " No; the diamonds were bought, but they were never made up." "The unset diamonds were bought by Mr. Dunbar ?" " Yes, to an enormous amount, I' believe. While I was in Paris, my father wrote to tell me that he meant to delay the making of the nechlace until hle was well enough to go on the Continent. He could see no design in England that at all satisfied him." "No, I dare say not," answered the detect ive; " I dat' say he'd find it rather diflicult to please himself in that matter." Laurna looklted inquiringly at Mr. Carter. There was something disrespeetful, not to nay ironincal, in his tone. YI thank you heartily for having been so candid with me, Lady Haughton," he said; " and believe me I shall have your interests at heart throughout this lmatter. I shall go to work immediately; and you may rely upon it, I shall succeed in finding the missing " You do not think thath-that under some terrible hallucination, the result of his long illness-you don't think that he has com mitted suicide?" "No, Lady IIaughton," answered the de tective, decisively, " there is nothing flurther from my thoughts now." " Thank Heaven for that! " " And now, my lady, may I ask if you'll be kind enough to let me see Mr. Dunbar's valet, and to leave me alone with him in these roomrs? I may pick up something that will help me to find your father. By-the-by, you havn't a picture of him--a miniature, a pho tograph, or anything of that sort, eh ? " " No, unhappily, I have no portrait what ever of my father." "Alh, that is unlucky; but never mind, we must contrive to geot on without it." Laura rang'the bell. One of the superb footmen, the birds of paradise who consented to glorify the halls and psRsages of Maudes ley Abbey, appeared in answer to the sum mons, and went in search of Mr. Dunbar's own man, the man who had waited on the invalid ever since the accident. Having sent for this person, Laura bade the detective good morning, and went away through the vista of rooms to the other side of the hall, to that bright modernised wing of the house which Percival Dunbar hIad im proved antl beautified for the granddaughter he idolised. Mr. Dunbar's own man was only too glad to be questioned, and to have a good oppor tunity of discoursing upon the event which had caused such excitement and consterna tion. But the detective was not a pleasant person to talk to, as he had a knack of cutting people short with a fresh question at the first symptom of rambling; and, indeed, so closely did he keep his companion to the point, that a conversation with him was a kind of intel lectual hornpipe between a sot of fire-irons. Under this pressure tile valet told all he knew about his master's departure, with very little loss of time by reason of discursiveness. " Humph !-hit -alh, yes ! " muttered the detective, between his teeth; "only one friend that was at all intimate with your master, and that was a gentflman called Vernon, lately come to live at Woodbine-cottage, Lisford lroad ; iused to cotme at 11ll hours110 to see your master; was odd in his wayl, : d (dress!d queer; first came on Miss Lnurti's wedding day; was awful shabby then; came out quite a swell afterwards, and was very free with his money in Lisford. Ah!-humph ! You've heard your master and this gentleman at high words-at least you fancy so; but the doors being very thicl, you ain't certain. It might have been only telling anecdotes. Some gen tlomen do swear and row like in telling anec dotes. Yes, to be sure! You've felt a belt round your master's waist when you've been lifting" him in and out of bed. He wore it under his shirt, and didn't seem to want you to see the belt. You thought it was a gal vanic belt, or something of that sort. You felt it once, when you were changing your master's shirt, and it was all over little nobs as hard as iron, but very small. That's all you've got to say, except that you've always fancied your master wasn't quite easy in his mind, and you thought that was because of his having been suspected in the first place about the Winchester murder." Mr. Carter jotted down some pencil-notes in his pocket-book while making this little summary of his conversation with the valet. Having done this, and shut his book, Ihe prowled slowly through the sitting-room, bed-room, and dressing- room, looking about him, with tile servant close at his heels. "What clothes did Mr. Dunbar wear when he went away ?" "Gray trousers and waistcoat, small shep herd's plaid, and he must have taken a great coat, lined with Russian sable." "A black coat ? " " No, the coat was dark-blue cloth out side." Mr. Carter opened his pocket-book, in order to add another memorandum " Trousers and waistcoat, shepherd's plaid; coat, dark-blue cloth, lined with sable." The detective put on his hat after making this last memorandum, but he paused before the table, on which the lamp was still stand ing. "Was this lamp filled last night?" he asked. "Yes, sir; it was always fresh filled every day." "How long does it burn ?" "Ten hours." " When was it lighted? " " A little before seven o'clock." Mr. Carter removed the glass shade, and carried the lamp to the fire-place. He held it up over the grate, and drained the oil. " It must have been burning till past four this morning," he said. The valet stared at Mr. Carter with some thing of that reverential horror with which he might have regarded a wizard of the middle ages. But Mr. Carter was in too much haste to be aware of the tman's admiration. He had found out all he wanted to know, antl now there was no time to be lost. He left the Abbey, ran back to the lodge, found his assistantt, MIr. Tibblos, andi des patched that gentleman to the Shorncliffe railwvay station, where Ihet was to keepl a sharp look-olt for a traveller in a blue cloth coat, linled with brown fitr. If such at traveller lappeared, Stawney 'Tom was to stick to him wherever Ie went, but was to leave a note with tite station-master for hIis chief's guitd ance, containing information as to what he Ihatd done. CHAPTER LIX. In less than a quarter of an hour after leaving the gate of ,Maudesley Park, the fly came to a stand-still before Woodbine-cottage. Mr. Carter paid the man and dismissed the vehicle, nod wont alone into the little garden. He rang, a bell on one side of the half-glass door, and had ample leisure to contemplate the stuffed birds and marine cutriosities that adorned the little hall of the cottage before any one came to answer his summons. He rang a second time before any one came; but after a delay of about five minutes a young woman appeared, with her falce tied up in a colored handkerchief. The detective asked to see Mr. Vernon, and the young woman ushered him into a little parlor at the back of the cottage, without either delay orl hosita lion. Tihe occupant of the c',ttay.e was sittings in an arm-chair by the fire. iThere was very little light in the room, for tihe only window looked into a miniature conservatory, where there were all manner of prickly and spiky plants of the cactus-kind, which had been the delight of the late owner of Woodbine cottage. AMr. Carter looked very sharply at the gon tleman sitting in the easy chair; but the closest inspection showed him nothing but a good-loooking man, between fifty and sixty years of age, with a determined-looking month, half shaded by a gray moustache. "I've come to make a few inquiries about a friend of yours, Mr. Vernon," the detective said: " Mr. Dunbar, of Maaudesley Abbey, who has been missing since four o'clock this morning." The gentleman in the easy chair was smoking a meerschaum. As MIr. Carter said those two words, " fbur o'clock," his teeth made a little clicking noise upon the amber mouthpiece of the pipe. The detective heard the sound slight as it was, and drew his inference from' it. Mr. Vernon had seen Joseph Wilmot, and know that he had left the Abbey at four o'clock, and was surprised to find that the exact hour was known to others. "You know wheore Mr. Dunbar has gone!" said Mr. Carter, looking still more sharply at the gentleman in the easy chair. " On the contrary, I was thinking of look ing in upon him at the Ahbbey this evening." "Humph!" muttered the detective; "then it's no use my asking you any questions on the subject." "None whatever. Henry Dunbar's gone away from the Abbey, you say? Why I thought he was still under medical super vision-could not move off his sofa, except to take a turn upon a pair of crutches." "I believe it was so; but he has dis appeared notwithstanding." " What do you mean by disappeared? He has gone away, I suppose, and he was free to go away-wasn't he ? " " Oh ! of course ; perfectly free." "Then I don't much wonder that he went," exclaimed the occupant of the cottage, stoop ing over the fire, and knocking the ashes out of his meerschaum. " He'd been tied by the leg long enough, poor devil! But how is it you're running about after him, as if lie was a little boy that had bolted from his precious mother ?" You're not the surgeon who was ;ttending. him ? " "No, I'm employed by Lady Ilaghton; in fact, to tell you the honest trith," said the detective, with a simplicity of manner that was really charming; "to tell you the honest truth, I'm neither more nor less than a private detective, and I have come down from London direct to look after the missing gentleman. You see, Lady HIaugh ton is afraid the long illness and fever, and all that sort of thing, nity have had a very bad effect upon her father, and that he's a little bit touched in the upper story, perhaps; and, upon my word," added the detective, frankly, "I think this sudden bolt looks very like it. In which case I fancy we may look for an attempt at suicide. What do you think now, Mr. Vernon, as a friend of the missing gentleman, sh ?" Mr. Vernon smiled. " Upon my word," lie said, "I don't think you're so very fiar away from the mark. Henry Dunbar has been rather queer in his ways since that railway smash." "Just so. I suppose you wouldn't have any objection to my looking about your house, and round the garden and out-buildings? Your friend might hide himself somewhere tabout your place. When once they take an eccentric turn there's no knowing where to have 'em." Mr. Vernon shrugged his shoulders. "I don't think Dunbar's likely to have got into my house without my knowledge," he said; "but you're welcome to examine the place from garret to cellar, if that's any satis fthction to you." He rang the bell as he spoke. It was answered by the girl whose face was tied up. "Ah, Betty, you've got the toothache again, have you ? A nice excuse fot' slinking your work, oni, my girl? That's about the size of your toothache, I expect! Look here, now, this gentleman wants to see the house, and you're to show him over it, and over the garden, too, if he likes-and be quick about it, for I want my dinner." The girl curtseyed, in an awkward coun tryfied manner, and ushered Mr. Carter into the hall. " Betty," roared the master of the house, as the girl reached the foot of the stairs with the detective. " Betty, come here." She want back to her master, and Mr. Carter heard a whispered conversation, very brief, of which the last sentence only was audible. This last sentence ran thus "And if you don't hold your tongue, I'll make you pay for it." "Ho, ho," thought the detective, "Miss Betsy is to hold her tongue, is she? We'll see about that." I The girl came back to the hall, and led Mr. Carter into the two sitting-rooms iut the fr.ont of the house. They were smuall roomts with small f.hrtoit.ure. They were old-ftshioned rooms with low ceilings, andt queer cupboartls nestling in out-of-thie-way iholes and cornes, and Mr. Carter had onoighl work to do in squeezing himself into the interior of those recoptacles, which all smelt, more or less, of chandlery and rum, that tru-ly seaman-like spirit having been a fvtourite boverago with the late inhabitant of the cottage. After examining half-a-dozen cupboartls in the lower regions, Mri. Carter and his guidlo ascendedt to the upper story. The girl called Betsy ushered the detective into a bedroom, which site said was her mas ter's, and whlere the occupation of IItrr Von Volterchoker was made nmanifest by dtlivers articles of aplparcl lying oil the chairs, andt hanging on the negs, andti, furthermore, by a collection of piises and cigar-boxes on the chiminoy-piece. The girl opened the door of an impossible looking little cupboard in a corner, behind a four-post bedl ; but instead of inspecting the cupboard, Mr. Carter malde a srddeln rush at the toor locked it, and It put thie key in his pocket. " No, thank you, Miss Inocence," hlie said; "I don't crick my noeck, or break my back, by looking into any more of your oupboards. Just you come hero." " Here" was the window before which Mr. Cnrter planted himself. 'IThe girl obyed very quietly. She would have been a pretty-looking girl but for her toothacho, or rather but for the coloured handkerchief which mufflled the lower part of her face, and was tied in a knot at the top of her beand. As it was Mr. Carter could only see that she had pretty brown eyes, which shifted left and right as he looked at her. "Oh, yes, you're an artful young hussey, and no mistake," lie said; "and that tooth ache's only a judglment upon you. What was it that your master said to you in the parlour just now, eh ? What was that he told you to hold your tongue about, el?" Betty shook her lhnd, and began to twist the corner of her alpron in her hands. " Master didn't say nothing, oir," she said. " Master didn't say nothing ! Your morals and your grammar are about a match, Miss Betsy; but you'll find yourself rather in the wrong box by-and-by, my young lady, when you find yourself committed to prison for perjury; which crime, in a young female, is transportation for life," added Mi'. Carter, in an awful tone. "Oh, sir," cried Botty, "it isn't me; it's master, and lie do swear so when he's in his tantrums. If the 'tatoers isn't done to his likin', sir, he'll grumble about them quite civil at first, and then he'll work hisself tiup like, and take and throw them at me one by one, and his language gets worse with every 'tater. Oh, what am I to do, sir. I daren't go against him. I'd a'most sooner be trans ported, if it don't hurt much." "Don't hurt much !" exclaimed Mr. Car toer; "why there's a ship-load of cat-o'-nine tails goes out to Van Diemen's Land every quarter, and reserved special for young females !" "Oh, I'll tell you all about it, sir," cried hMr. Vernon's housemaid; "sooner than be took up for perjuring, I'll tell you every thing." " I thought so," said Mr. Carter; "but it isn't much you've got to tell me. Mr. Dun bar came here this morning on horseback, between five and six?" "It was ten minutes past six, sir, and I was opening the shutters." " Precisely." " And the gentleman came on horseback, sir, and was nigh upon fainting with the pain of his leg; and lie sent me to call up master, and master helped him off the horse, and toolk the horse to the stable; and then the gentle man sat and rested in master's little parlour at the back of the house ; and then they sent mse for a fly, and I went to the Rose and Crown at Lisford and fetched a fly, and before eight o'clock the gentleman went away" Before eight, and it was now past three. Mr. Carter looked at his watch while the girl made heot confession. " Antl, oh, please, don't tell master as I told you," she said, "oh, please don't, sir." There was no time to be lost, and yet the detective paused for a minute, thinking of what lie had just heard. Had the girl told him the truth; or was this a story got up to throw him off the scent? The girl's terror of her master seemed genuine. She was crying now, real tears, that streamed down her pale cheeks, and wetteod the handkerchief that covered the lower part of her face. "I can find out at the Rose and Crown whether anybody did go away in a fly," the detective thought. " Tell your mmtister I've searched the place, and havn't found his friend," he said to the girl, " and that I hava't got time to wish him good morning." The detective said this as he went down stairs. The girl wont into the little rustic porch with him, and directed him to the Rose anti Crown at Lisford. He ran almost all the way to the little inn, for he was growing desperate now, with the idea that his man had escaped him. "Why, he can do anything with such a start," he thought to himself. "And yet there's his lamoeness--that'll go against him." At the Rose and Crown Mr. Carter was informed that a fly had been'ordered at seven o'clock that morning, by a young person from Woodbine-cottage. The vehicle had not long come in, and the driver was somewhere about the stables. The driver was summoned at Mr. Carter's request, and from him the detective ascer tained that a gentleman, wrapped up to the very nose, and wearing a coat lined with fur, and walking very lame, had been taken up by him at Woodbine- cottago. This gentle man had ordered the driver to go as fast as he could to Shorncliffe station; but on reach ing the station it appeared the gentleman was too late for the train he wanted to go by; for he came back to the fly, limping awful, and told the man to drive to Maningsly. The driver explained to Mr. Carter that Maningsly was a little village three miles from Shorn cliffe, on a by-road. Here the gentleman in the fur coat had alighted at an ale-house, where he dined, and stopped reading the paper, anti drinking hot brandy-and- water till after one o'clock. He acted altogether quite the gentleman, and paid fobr the driver's dinner anti brandy-and-water as well as his own. At half after one he got into the fly and ordered the man to go back to Shorncliffe station. At live minutes after two he alighted at the station, whor e he paid and dismissed the driver. This was all tMr. Carter wanted to know. "You get a friesh horse harnessed in double quick time," he saidl, "antd drive me to Shorneliffe station." While the horso and fly was being got readrly, the dtetective went into the bat', antd ordtlered a glass of steaming brandy-anld water'. IIe was accustomed to take liquids in a boiling state, as the greater part of his existence was spent in hurrying from pilace to place as lie was hurrying now. "Sawnoy's got the chance this time," he thought. "Suappost e he was to sell meo, and go in for the reward." The supposition was not a piloeasant one, and Mr. Carter looltcked grave for a minute or so; but hlie quickly relapsed into a grimi smile. "I think Sawney knows ume too well for' that," he said ; "I think Sawney is too well acquainted with me to try that on." T.o fly came round to tie inn dloor while Mir. Carter reflected upon thlis. IHe sprang into the vehicle anti was tdriven oi' ff to the station. At tlhe Shornclifle station hlie fould every thing v'ery quiet. 'rlhere was no train due for some time yet; there was no sign of human life in the tinkot- oflioe, or the waiting-rooms. Thore was o porter asleep upon his truck on the platform, and there was one solitary young famale sitting upon a bench against the wall, with her boxes and bundles gathered rond her, anti an umbrella and a pair of clogs on her lap. Upon all the length of the platform there was no sign of Mr. Tibbles, othorwiso Sawnoy Tom. Mr. Carter awoke the porter, and sent him to the station-mastor to ask if any letter ad dressod to Mr. iHenry Carter had been left in that functionary's care. The porter went yawning to make this inquiry, andt came back by-and-by, still yawning, to say that there was such a lotter, and would the gentleman please step into the station-master's oflice to :claim and receive it. The note was not a long one, nor was it on cumbered by any ceremonious phraseology Gent in frrced coat turned ulp 2.10. t(ook a ticket for. Derby, I class, took ticket for same place, self, 2 closs.-Yrs to conumd, T. T. Mi1r. Carter crImlpled up the note and dropped it into his pocket. The station-master gave him all the information about the trains. There was a train for Derby at seven o'clock that evening, anti for the three and a half weary hours that must intervene Mr. Carter was loft to amuse himself as best he might. " Derby," he muttered to himself, " DOrby. Why lhe must be going north; and what in the name of all that's miraculous takes him that way ? " (To be coneliueOd.) 