CHAPTER VII. SHIFTING CLOUDS. The room in which Mr. Snag and his companion, Mr. Gush- ington, lodged, at Netterton Villa, had a pleasant balcony over- looking Waterview Bay ; and in one end of this balcony Mr. Snag loved to sit, sucking the fragments from an ancient, scratched, discoloured (he called it ' coloured ') meerschaum pipe ; while jolly Mr. Gushington sat at the other extremity, drawing pale misty wreaths from a less pretentious 'clay.' On the evening in which they again come upon the scene of our story, they sat together in their favourite spot for a long time, silent and immovable, as if they were two effigies before respective tobacconist's doors, dreamily watching the phantoms of the Past, the Present, and the Future, curling into existence only to curl themselves out of it again, to die into nothing. But how different the feelings with which the two men puffed at their pipes ! Ill-natured, world-hating Mr. Snag-with a temper as crooked as a young lady's ringlet, but not half so bewitching, and a heart as hard and knotty as a chunk of iron- bark-sat drawing venom from his meerschaum, as a spider sucks poison from a flower; while the warm-featured little commercial traveller drew charity from his, as a bee collects honey from a blossom. A small 'occasional ' table stood near the long balcony door, and was ornamented with two tumblers, each containing some steaming liquor, a spoon, and a slice of lemon, and to which the gentlemen made periodical excursions from their seats in the verandah. In fact, Mr. Snag had obtained some boiling water under the surreptitious plea of " going to shave," and Mr. Gushington having produced half a bottle of gin, with lemon and sugar, the two had been employed in compounding a 'light summer beverage. ' Evidently they had also been engaged in a conversation, which had resolved itself into an awkward dispiriting silence, for Mr. Snag drew his pipe from his mouth to break it-the silence, not the pipe-by observing, " Well, as I was just saying to you, Gushington " Now, as this seemed to preface the resumption of some in- teresting debate, Mr. Gushington took his pipe from his mouth, in order to be ready to make all requisite replies, which, the collector perceiving, he began again-" As I was observing, your luck is the luck of one among thousands, and it I was required to point out a man fortunate above other men-fortunate in his love, in his profession, in his everything-why, I should lay my hand on your head and say 'Gushington's the man ! ' Fact!" "Then you do think, in real sober earnest, Snag, that I stand a chance ? " " Chance, sir-chance isn't the word ? You have a reality a certainty of success ; and why ?-because such men as you are born to deserve success ; and if you are, as the poet observes, why shouldn't you command it ? " " Because it's ten chances to one whether it'll come when you do call it. Success isn't a dog that'll always follow the man who whistles to it ; and. he can't, keep it registered as his own property, with, a brass collar on, tied up in a cellar. No; most frequently it runs at the heels of those who lay least claim to it, and that's why I have my doubts about Miss Featherly having any affection for me." "Ah! lovers always are diffident," remarked Mr. Snag,: sucking consolation from his smoking pipe, and supplementing it with a sup from his smoking tumbler. "And why shouldn't they be? particularly bald-headed ones," retorted his companion. " Girls' tastes don't generally run in favour of men without hair ! " "Well, that's true," assented Mr. Snag, " yet, at the same time, it is easily remedied by adapting yourself to the wishes of your sweetheart or your wife, as the case may be; only the worst of it is, they have such a confounded lot of wishes and whims to conform to. Now, I knew an instance something similar to your own (with not half your prospect, though) wherein a man went courting with a head like a ball of polished ivory. He had used a small fortune in the purchase of ' tricopherous,' rubbed his head with sand-paper, and, in fact, did everything he possibly could to make the wool grow, because his young lady objected to bald people. Well, at last the thought struck him to always wear a hat in her presence. He reasoned with himself in this strain-' out of sight, out of mind ; what the eyes don't see, the heart doesn't grisve for ; and if she doesn't miss my hair, she can't long for it.' He tried the plan, sir, and it succeeded admirably ; he got so used to wearing a hat, that he could go to bed in it, and get his dinner in it-that is, he used to wear it while getting dinner. He went about like a Quaker, and what was the consequence? he proposed, was accepted, and now he has a loving wife, and a family which would take some little trouble to count. Fact." And, as a sort of interest for the time expended in this, long speech, Mr. Snag pulled once at his pipe and twice at 'the mixture as before,' contained in his glass. While Mr. Gushington resolved his friend's idea in his mind, he inwardly determined to wear a hat for the future at all times and on all occasions-even though he had to ' nail the thatch to his roof-at all events until his wishes were consummated, and the nuptial knot tied. " You'll excuse me, Snag, for the remark," he observed, "but weren't you rather sweet yourself in that quarter, at one time ?" " Sweet ! sir ? " cried Mr. Snag, slapping the table emphati- cally-walking over to it for that purpose ; and, while he was there, tossing off ali that remained of liquor in his tumbler " sweet isn't the word ! If any man but yourself, Gushington, was to try and probe my feelings on that subject, he should wrench me asunder, body and limb, before he should rake up the expiring embers of love for the only girl I ever did love ; but on the present occasion, to the man who fills a similar hard bed, and eats with me the same cold lodging-house joints, can I be like a sealed envelope or a post office letter-box after time, and keep my mouth shut ?-no ! under such circumstances I can only confess that I have experienced a tender attachment for the lovely and accomplished girl who is destined to make my best friend happy." Mr. Gushington looked as if he would have been better pleased had the collector refused to plead guilty to the tender impeachment, and he asked suspiciously-" There's no feeling of that kind existing at present, I suppose ?" "Oh, dear, no!-not at all! why should there be?" said Mr. Snag, resignedly, as he shook his head to and fro, like the penduLum of a Dutch clock. " I could see that you were cut out for each other directly you stepped into the field, and reasoned with myself in this style-* She is destined to make my best friend (jolly at all times) jollier still, and he is destined to make her (happy at all times) still happier. Shall I let my blighted hopes like a lot of infernal owls and bats, go buzzing about in the sunshine of their happiness?-no! perish the thought, blow me!" " Because I was going to observe,' ' continued Mr. Gushington, having first satisfactorily settled the question, " that I wouldn't stand it from any man ! I threatened to punch a fellow's head once at a concert for making allusion to my bald head, and advising me to put it in my pocket out of other people's way and I would have done it, too, only that he offered to punch mine in return, so I thought it better to forgive him. Now, there's that young fellow, Fledgit-if the girl likes him, let her say so, and I'll stand out of the way ; but while the compass of her affection points to me, let the fellow who tries to alter its direction look out ! " 'Of course," chimed in his companion, " such an expression of feeling is quite natural ; but can't you see her object in letting him hang about as he does ?-why, what a blessed dull-sighted old buffer it is !-she wants to draw you out, man alive ! you're too diffident ; and so, with womanish tact, she thinks to hurry matters forward, and get you to propose-any one, who isn't as blind as a cricket-bat, can see her little game." " H'm ! well, I confess I didn't look at it in that light be- fore," mused Mr. Gushington, looking extremely edified, as if he could see through it all plain enough now. "Ah! Snag," he continued, as the tenderness of the theme caused him to verge on the sentimental, " you can scarcely credit the pangs I have suffered through love for that girl. "From the first day I saw her, I determined to lay siege to her heart ; but every time I resolved to lay iny hand and heart before her, my courage seemed to miss fire-and so I've gone on, enduring hard beds (and you know they are hard, Snag) night after night, to dream of cold meat and pickles,mid to wake up and find my dream a reality. It's killing, so it is ! " Now, whether Mr. Gushington brought this sweeping figu- rative charge of murder against Miss Featherly, hard beds, or cold joints, it would be difficult to say ; but Mr. Snag, with a solemn shake of the head, agreed to any one of the three, and suggested that if Mr. Gushington proposed at all, he should do so before he left Sydney for his travelling trip to the inland districts. " No, no, Snag, there's no fear of me leaving before I settle the question. There's not a 'traveller ' on this or any other line has a readier address, or can show a sample better than I, but yet I can't face this girl ; and if it is such an awful thing now, when she's nothing but a stranger (comparatively speak- ing), what must it be when you're married, and can't run away. Upon my word, Snag, it's almost enough to frighten anyone from matrimony, and I'd give up all idea of it-I would, indeed, -if it wasn't for Grace Featherly." "Don't you think of doing any such thing," said the col- lector, emphatically, " leave it all to me, and I'll manage it for you, right ! I'll frighten this young Fledgit into fits if he has any thought of Miss Featherly, and in less than six months I'll make her Mrs Gushington." " You will ! my dear Snag, I shall never forget this-this what shall I style such magnanimous conduct ? " " Nothing, sir, nothing-call it nothing. Hang it all ! I fore- saw this gratitude, and drew out a little scheme by which we are placed under mutual obligations. I said to myself, « If ] sink my own feelings in the matter, and manage this affair for Gushington, he'll always feel as if he owed me something,' now to prevent that feeling I'll owe him something ! We won't go into pounds, but keep to shillings-we'll make it thirty, and so my being indebted to him in that sum, will take off that sense of obligation to me which otherwise at times must prove irk- some. Now, wasn't that a bright idea? Mr. Gushington didn't speak, but if looks expressed thought he didn't seem to think much of its brilliancy. "Besides," continued Mr. Snag, "a loan of money always cements friendship-it's wonderful ! Lend a man a pound, and you can hardly forget him-lend him five, and it's impossible ! ' Mr. Gushington murmured something about " 'the rule not working both ways,' and its being at all events quite possible for the man who borroiued the money to forget all about the debt and his friend, too." Nevertheless he drew forth a snappy purse, afflicted with a sort of lock-jaw, from whence he extracted a crumpled one-pound note, two half-crowns, and five shillings and counted the same piece by piece into the hand of Mr. Snag who emptied the money into his pocket with a look of virtuous indifference, as if he was ' shooting ' so much rubbish into that receptacle, "Here's luck ! " he added, as he mixed up the remainder of the spirits into two lots, appropriating one for his own especial benefit, " and if I don't perform what I promise, my name isn t "Mr. Snag ! " cried Mrs. Featherly, from the foot of the staircase, " there's young Mr. Fledgit wishes to speak io you, sir -he'e gone down to the water- side, and says that when you are disengaged he shall be most happy of your company." "Which I shall oblige him with at once ! All right, Mrs Featherly, thank you ! The very thing," he whispered to his friend, on whose head the perspiration began to grow like beads on a pincushion, at mention of his dreaded rival's name. " Leave it all to me," arranged the collector, " and before six: month's time you'll be a married and a happy man-certainly one of the two, if not both." With this half and half assertion, Mr. Snag ran down stairs and wound round the fantastic garden beds, as if performing a figure in Sir Roger de Coverly, suddenly terminating the feat by tumbling over Tom Fledgit, who was in a deep poetical dream, trying to forge on the anvil of his thoughts something original from a strip of blue water, a slice of brown sand, and two muddy urchins with their trousers tucked up. "Ha! Mr. Fledgit," announced the intruder, "wrapped in the contemplation of the beautiful-eh ? Well, there's nothing like it ; something to strike poetry from a man's soul in a scene like this. Ah ! I know-a true poet can't restrain the-ah-ur -what-you-call-it ? It will break out, like measles, or an other disease." "You like poetry, Mr. Snag?" blushingly ventured Tom Fledgit. "Like it, sir ? "--like isn't the word. I doat on it-that is when it's good. Ah ! Mr. Fledgit; I know some men whose names will haunt for generations the Australian sea-caves an mountain-glens, made famous by their music!-but enough Thorley Snag is no flatterer !" This speech, from beginning to end, was so ambiguous, that Tom Fledgit ' halted between two opinions,' as to whether he should slip in a remark, or let it alone ; and finally, as a sort of compromise, coughed, laughed, passed his fingers through his hair, and rubbed up the nap of his hat the wrong way-as if trying an electrical experiment with a black cat. " Yes," continued Mr. Snag, shaking his head sagaciously, " I know all about it. ' Blue skies-sweetheart's eyes ; Cupid's darts-treating in a most infernally cruel manner lovers' hearts -there's something wrong with that last line, or else the three others are too short ; never mind, we know all about that sort of thing, eh? Ah ! you young men-jolly dogs, jolly dogs ! and yet, why shouldn't you be ? we were so once, and had our day. Yes, yes-what I say to young men, Mr. Fledgit, is, 'go on and prosper-build your sunny castles on the airy plains of the Future, and (if you can) make the property a ' freehold ' don't be satisfied with a ' 99 years' lease,' or any other term !- take my advice, young man, be happy while you can ; and when you are happy, keep so." " Well, the whole fact of the matter is, Mr. Snag, I have corne to ask your advice-on a delicate subject, too,' faltered his young companion. " Look at that, now," appealed the collector to an imaginary pair of eyes, in great apparent astonishment. " Sunny Youth confers with hoary Age ; and shall hoary Age refuse to listen ? Perish the thought ! Hang it all !- if we have bought experience at a dear rate, we can sell it for less than we gave for it Go on, Mr. Fledgit-or shall I use a more familiar mode of expression, and say Thomas, Tommy, or Tom ? " Mr. Fledgit respectfully objected to the two former, on the ground that the first savoured of ' flunkeyism,' while the other had a 'want of development ' about it; but he had no objec- tion to being called ' Tom '-in fact, he rather liked it. "That proposition having been carried satisfactorily, the next thing, Tom, is, what's the business you wish to consult me about?" " Well, the fact is, Mr. Snag, the-a-the subject is-matri- mony ! " blurted out Mr. Fledgit. " And a very good subject, too," remarked Mr. Snag, appro- vingly, " only we must be careful, Tom, very careful-courtship and marriage is like a garden with beautiful flower-edged walks winding among beds of thorns and nettles ; and we must mind while treading the one that we do not tumble into the other. Eh, Tom ?" " That's it, sir ; and very prettily expressed," coincided Mr. Fledgit, " and that's why I wanted somebody to advise me. I'd have spoken to my sister, but she never intends to get mar- ried herself, and has a decided objection to other people doing so, and under those circumstances, you know, I couldn't apply to her " " Quite right, Tom," assented Mr. Snag. "Well, the first step in matrimony, I believe, is to choose an object on whom as a foundation, we build up the superstructure of our happiness, eh?" "That I have already chosen," said Tom, bashfully. " Indeed ! " ejaculated Mr. Snag. " Yes ; but the difficulty is, I can't get her to choose me." " H-m ! that's an obstacle that we must try and get over," mused Mr. Snag, as if he were contemplating crossing a creek, or clambering over a wall, instead of bridging the abyss of a woman's likings and dislikings : "and the lady is--? " "Miss Featherly ! " stammered Tom. " Well, now, I am astonished, and yet not astonished in the least!" asserted the collector. "I am surprised, because I never saw you paying particular attention to her-but I am not surprised, because anybody could notice her preference for you." "Eh ? what ! Oh, Mr. Snag, I'm sure-" " I've said it, and I mean to stick to it," interrupted Mr. Snag, doggedly. "If anyone couldn't see by her manners that that girl doated on Tom Fledgit, a mole must be a fool to him for blindness ! " " Why, I always took it that she rather disliked me, if any- thing," murmured Tom. " " You don't think girls hang out like peaches on a tree, for men to come and take their pick, eh? No, no, they like to peep out from behind the leaves, especially with the one they like best. Besides, you have the field all to yourself-you have nothing to do but to go in and win." " I may be wrong, and you'll excuse me, Mr. Snag, if I am," said Tom, apologetically, " but I was always under the impres- sion that you had an eye to the hand and heart of Miss Featherly." " Me ! my dear fellow ! with wrinkled brow, bald head, and cramped temper-none of which are to be wondered at, after being a collector for so many years. Me ! to enter the lists against a young fellow, amiable, good looking, poetical, and adapted to the society of ladies generally. I am not accustomed to flatter, but, hang it all ! I should be drunk or mad to think of such a thing ! Why, I wouldn't stand any more chance than old bald-headed Gushington." " Ah ! there it is again !-people in love fancy all manner of things, at least I always do, and I thought that Mr. Gushington entertained a strong passion for Miss Featherly-indeed, that he even now believes the feeling reciprocated." " I consider it like his blessed (not to use a stronger adjective) impudence, to believe any such thing ; a man with one foot in the grave, and a head as bald as a nut-the idea is absurd." " And yet it is one which has caused me much uneasiness," mused Tom. " Then don't let it do so any more, for I can assure you there's no occasion. I don't think, myself, that old Gushington would be simple enough to try it on, and I am morally certain that if he did he wouldn't stand a ghost of a chance." " My dear Mr. Snag, you have taken an immense load off my mind. What would you advise me to do ?" "Just let the matter rest quiet for a dayor two, till I give it a turn over in my mind, and watch what Gushington is after. Then, in a week's time, you know, it is Miss Featherly's birth- day, in honour of which her mother intends giving a little evening party, at which, of course, you will be present." " My sister and I have already received an invitation from Mrs. Featherly," remarked Tom. " Then nothing could be better," said Mr. Snag, exultingly ; " by that time I will chalk out a line of action that must be successful-by the by, though, I'm half afraid I can't. I've been rather behind-hand in receiving remittances from the country, and I know they won't arrive now for a fortnight unless I look them up, which will oblige me to leave town." " Oh ! but Mr. Snag, there's no knowing what might happen while you are absent ! " cried Mr. Fledgit, in dismay. " No- that's the worst of it," said Mr. Snag, reflectively ; " and if Gushington is really wearing a mask, and has his plans cut and dried-" "Couldn't you postpone your trip for a week?" suggested Tom. " I could, and would, if only to oblige you ; but the long and short of the whole matter is, that I am rather deficient of a little ready cash ; and if my remittances are delayed I may be placed in a preplexing position. Certainly, it isn't much-a couple of pounds for a few days would tide me over this unpleasantness and save the necessity of my leaving town." " I wish I had the money to lend you, Mr. Snag, indeed I do ; but the truth is I only have a pound that I hold in trust for some of my sister's friends, for a fortnight, at the expiration of which time I have to pay it in to the treasurer of a Missionary Society, whose object is to provide tracts, soup, and blankets, to some heathen islanders, somewhere, in some ocean, I don't exactly remember where. Now, if you could repay it to me before that time, it wouldn't be out of place to lend it. I wouldn't mind, you know, if the money was my own ; but as it is, I must have this back without fail." " My dear Fledgit ! I wouldn't inconvenience you for the world-much less for twenty shillings ! but shall I refuse an offer kindly made ?-shall I be too proud to place myself under an obligation to the man whom I am also trying to oblige ? perish the thought ! I'll take the money, if it's only for the sake of showing my friend that Thorley Snag's word is as sure as his bond. Thank you ! " continued that individual, as he let the pound slide into his pocket, to keep company with the sum obtained from Mr. Gushington. " There ! I'm sure that money will be better employed in my pocket, and you in Grace Featherly's arms, than if it was spent in buying shirts for niggers, who wouldn't wear 'em if they had 'em ! As to its being repaid, you may consider it done." Whether Mr. Fledgit did so or not, he went up the garden after Mr. Snag with very much the air of a condemned criminal joining his own funeral procession ; and so little faith had he in Mr. Snag's promises, that he had serious intentions of knocking him down and taking the money back again. Before reaching the house, they were met by Mrs. Featherly's lad-of-all-work, whose duties consisted in doing a little of every- thing that was done in the establishment, and who announced with a grave look, that " Tea were a waitin' and gittin' cold, and missus were a waitin' and gittin' hot, and ain't she jolly woolly, neither, at you gents a keepin' on 'em, rather ! " added the grim youth, with a ghostly chuckle-as if his mouth was the slit of a money-box, and he had some odd coppers rattling inside. Moreover, he had a habit of always appearing on the domestic scene with a blacking-brush in one hand and a boot in the other, and presisted in wiping his nose with the former, to that degree that it always rivalled the boot in polish. " The old lady in the blue gig-lamps," continued the boy, irreverently making allusion to Miss Fledgit's spectacles-; 'her as guv me the track for a Christmas-box-she's inside ; and the bald-headed cove as grubs here, ain't he a pitching into the meat and cold pickles, as if he didn't like 'em-rather. My word! wouldn't I like to have his butcher's bill for my week's screw !" With this covetous reference to Mr. Gushington's gastro- nomical powers, the lad gave his nose a second coat with the blacking-brush, and was about to disappear, when a thought seemed to suggest itself that the present interview with Mr. Snag might be ' improved,' so he added, " There hasn't bin a lodger here wuth callin' a lodger since Mr. Claston went away ; he were a gentleman, if you like-a tanner for every arrand, and pay your steamer fare there and back : but things is altered now, and I'm afraid Mrs. Featherly and me won't hit it much longer ! "-having uttered which ' dark saying,' he dived into the kitchen. 