THE th NEW WESLEYAN CHURC. , LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. C The foundation stone of the Wesleoyan L Church now in course of erection at the W western side of the present building in"Pat. Ji, terson.stroot was laid yesterday afternoon by T, John Crookls, Esq, J.P. The weather was tol all that could be desired, and the day was of certainly thie most favorable for the past fort. Li `night-a clear sunalit sky and warm atmos. phere, tempered with a slight breath of wind. 'Owing to the rain of the previous few days, l the ground was rather damp and uncomlort. he able for those who wore unable to gain a Sfavorable position; but within the temporary he fence in front of the foundation several loads of gravel were laid, which remedied to some hI extent this unavoidable defeoot. on The eeaffolding over the stone was orna. bu monted with festoons of evergreens, and the pi blue ensign lightly floated over the top. At fo the eastern side was erected a platform on an to -incline, with forms for the convenience of fel those ladies who had assisted the funds by lo, collecting small contributions from their di .friends, and for the use of ladies generally. th Over heand, and facing the west, the motto in plainly printed characters " The Lord our God be with us as He was with oar Fathers," was or displayed; and at the southern end of the platform the motto " The best of all is, God is hi with us," was also exhibited. In the centre at of the site a largo platform was placed, upon o which the school children belonging to Pat- of terson.street and Margaret-street Sabbath f Sohools stood to the number of between 400 and 500. Half.past three was the hour fixed for the o cetemony to begin, but for an hour previously re many persons assembled, and shortly after. , wards every available seat on the platform th and: all the approaches to the site were filled. A large majority of those present, however, h ..were.oompellod to content themselves with a it trioew from the street, which at last got- cor. b t. pletely choked up with the large crowd tu iznxious to witness the ceremony. There mast. have been altogether 3000 or .4000 , .,persons present. We noticed the following t( clergymen:-Rov. W. A. Quick, President T Australasian Wesleyan Conference ; Rev. C Spencer Williams, Launceston circuit; Rev. h, E. W. Nye,'Launceston circuit; Rev. W. D. of -:Lelean, Westbury circuit; Rev. T. Angwin, w Dolornino district; and Rev. R. Caseley, fe Campbell Town. In addition to Johbn cc ,. Crookes, Esq., we observed the following gon- tI ,. tlemen in the front:-W. D. Grubb, Esq.; J. tl W. Gleadow, Esq.; I. Sherwin, Esq.; James ci Robertson, Esq. ; Wm. Johnstone, Es4.; Alderman Hart, and Alderman Norwood. ' Precisely at half.past three o'clock the ci ceremony commenced by the school children al alone singing one of their anniversary hymns of -the 262nd hymn. oi The appropriate hymn, the 737th, from ,0 Weatey'a collection, was then sung, all I heartily joining in. g l The Rev. W. D. Lelean having offereod prayer, the Rev. Mr. Caseley read the 2od chapter of the book of Haggai. Mr. W. D. Grubb having rend a list of the several documents, de., placed under, the stone, John Crookes, Esq , came forward, and the stoneo beiug righted, thrust the trowel into ft the 'mo?tar. saying, " In the name of Almighty I God, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, I n declare this foundation stone to be laid." t, ' The trowol with which the stone was laid tl was made of solid silver highly polished, with h i, a neatly turned woodtn handle, the work of n Mr. W. R. Davey, of Brisbane.strset. On the? trowel was an inscription engraved by Mr. A._O'Leary as follows: " Presented to JoUn CnooKs, Es Q., on his laying The Foundation Stone of the Wesleyan Church, Lannceston. Sept. 18th, 1866." Accompanying this was the usual " heavy' . mallet with which the work is completed, e made of Hoon pine and polished, turned by .Mr. M:'W. Broadfield; and a small square to test the work, made of myrtlo and alsoi polished. These will be kept by Mr. Crookes as mementoes of the event. i Mr. Crookes having tested the stone, itwaos I lowered into its place as the head ot the building. :In a cavity below the stone' was deposited a' small leaden box hermetically sealed. It contained the following :.The newspapers of the day-Launc?itono Exaniiner and Lrannceaton Times. :' The minutes of the Australasian es. leyan Methodist Conference for; the ": - year 1868. ' .? The 'eeleyan OCronicle for the month . of August, 1866. .;,;;,-:: The report of the Aistralasian Wesleyan 1 Missions for 1808. The LIunoestmn circuit plan for teio pre . :,. : :r. sent quarter. A statement of the result of . the exami ' nation of students at Horton College for the A.A. degree, lield this :idnth. in Hobart Town. . Coins of the realm-Sovereign,. half. :''sovereign, crown 'piece, half.-rown piece; two bhilihng piece (two sorts), shilling, ;sizponec, fourpence,. three. : pence, penny (two' varieties-copper e and" bronze), halfpenny (copper and ". cironzce), farthing (copper and bronie). Graiis of core, and A:, soroll of parchment,- upon which was neatly engrossed the following-. WRLERYAN MtTnrODIST UOnnnle, LAUNCOETON. ' : The Foindhtion Stone of this Churoli was laid in the name of the Holy Trinity by : !John Crookes, Esq., on the eighteenth day of 'Septemober, in tite year of our Lord,i one :thousand eight hundred and sixty.six,:in the thirtieth year o thie reign of hier Miijestv ....QPciih ~ft ictoris; his Excillency Colonel \- Th? masGore3Browne, O.B., being Governor of Tasmanin; the Rorerend WilliamAbrhiam ' ' ui.ack, President of thie Australasian Con. " forence 'aad'OChairman of the Distriot of Tae. taniua the Rivearid Speiter Williams,' and the iReverend Edward Wason Nye, Minis- hi ters of the Launcoston Cireuit; Meesrs. a Isano Sherwin, John Ward Gleadow, John Crookes, William Hart, John Drysdalo, fi Frank Hart, and William Dawson Grubb of ti Launcoton, trustees; Messrs. Crouch and in Wilson of Melbourne, architects; Messrs. th Juesm a William Lloyd, David Scott, Georgo vt Tyson, and Thomas Richardson, of Launces to ton, contractors; Mr. Harry Conway, clerk of the works. Estimated cot of the building, lo £1000. Launceston, 18th September, 1800 Mr. Crookes having gained a morn ele. b< voted position, made a few remarks. He ' said he felt the greatest happiness that hbe P had boon' permitted to take so prominent a 81 part in that interesting ceremony. He humbly and sincorely hoped that that oh blessed work. might be carried on to a sue- 01 coseful end. They had not undertaken that W enterprise from any desire of public applause, oe but they were forced to it. The present tL place of worship had been too small for them b( for some time, and they had been compelled ai to refuse many persons sittings. They had to felt sorry to have to do this, and had at di length determined to erect a more commo dious place of worship. They hold it to he C0 the appropriate duty of all professing to be ti Christians to provide asneitable place where the I worship of Almighty God might be carried on. In the building about to be erected they if would be able to worship God in lhis own b house. From time to time would assemblo g all who desired to unite to praise and thank ci God. That hoose would he eminently a house of prayer, where people could meet and pray from time to time, where all who onme might one day receive abundant and lastingI ea good. To that place could the heavy .laden a and those borne down by sorrow come and n receive from God's hands that comfort whieh as would remove their burdens. The building te they were about erecting was of little im- It portanco when compared with some other balldings?; but it was'to be remembered that n it was not the grandeur of the building or tlie ti boeaty of the arohitecture that gave linpoer- s tanco to the edifice, but it was the tl purpose.. for which it was "designed. a In ereoting that place of worship it was not b their desire ,to supplant other. churchees. They rejoiced in joining with all that held Christ dear tothem. They would be most a, happy in' joining with all those who were _ earnest to :maintain truth. and- defend the . word of God against all its enemies. In re. C ferrieg again to the remark that 'mary vwould E come to the building, .Mr. Crookes pictured A the various ," shares of sin and y the present state of' society, can eluding by'" saying that here r would be an opportunity for them to be healed a nnd'woark" for the salvation of souls. Heroe could the blind, halt,b dealt, dumb, lame, and afflicted come and receiveo t?o blessings o offered. The prodigal' too had the means n offered him to return to the good way. Hero they .could coino and be happy in the enjoyment of the lovea of their heavenly Father, and by and by thiey would be taken to that delightful abode whore cares and.troubles would never oppress them. These wore the objects they contempl.ted in erecting that building. To live and pray that 1 God may minister to all their wants and theIy esked all to join them in this. The time might soon come a when they r will be one foel. One not only in tongue but in lov aand' thanksgiving. , Not only should religion spread to China, bet he trusted soon. to India, Austria, and Italy. Ho thanked them for their atteodance that day,. and hoped they all would receive happiness in the nameof the Lord. The Royd. W. A. Quick, Governor: of Hortoi 'College, then rose and said that an almost impossile task bhad been allotted to him, the task of gaining their attontion when. that attention 'was taken up in other ways. Every one must feel more than. pleasaroein witnessing what they had seen and what they- had heard, and he only regretted that the whole of that vast number had' not been able to hear and join ii the wor ship . nod the various acts they` had been engaged in. It was said that beginning well an act of religion was the best. of all. beglint nings. Now he believed that work was com mened in the fear of God; it was.commenced ihn thooearnest hope that it would"conddco to the prosperity of their church in that tbwr. And what, had;hen. 'commenced "religiously bhad been continued religiously tbot day. The stonei was laid in the name of the Father, the Soat, and thed'Holy.Ghost. In the name of the Father'bevhso loved, ns that.he gave his only.begotten Son that ell who believed might not-perish but have eternal life; in the name of- the Son who bad given himself for. us othat he might redeem us from all jiniquity idn teho name of the Holy Ghost by whom we are sealed unto the ' doay of redemoption. How appropriate' it. was to lay: the founds, tion stone in the name:of the Trinity. 'rTh Sshe on which that building was to be erected had beeo sebured in tihe regular way. i It was a. iaietak to suppose that all church propr,. ties were vested inthe 'Conference. He could tell them that they had ,no property of their; own. The properties were vested in certain gentlemen to carry out the trust add business necessary. The Conferanco had the rightr:of appointing Ministers to preaoh lithoGspol of Jesus:Ohri-t That place would not be used but for worship. The gospel of Christ only: would be preached. It was evidence that they were extending in this town, that they wero there that day to lay the foundation. d stone of that place. They were compelled to extend. This church would not be a mere unit. It was one of 41 places of worship in that distrit ; aned it was one of 003 places of Sworship in the colonies of Australia. And as to the doctrines to be taught, let . him (r. Q.) say that the bible, as and the bible only, was their y religion.' They adopted the Word of God, f and by that they stood or fell. The rev. gon. e tloman concluded by addressing the children. is One thing had delighted him most that day, v and that was to see the number of lchildren el present. Ho felt' as if hle could take thom all r in his arms and embrac them. It would be mI a reat thing to be aonble to say in after years, n. "I laid soime trifle on that.stons." But it e. would be a far greater thing if they could say, d "I gave my heart to God on that dayi" t ao bhosonght them to give their hearts to God, and without any delay. The hldies whoe had received contributions for purees than came forward nand deposited them on the stone; and many others, inolud lug n largo number of children, responded to ilh request of tho Rev. Mr. Wiilnms, and laid various amounts on the steno from a sovereign to a penny. Tie nationnal Anthom was then sung, fol. lowed by three hearty cheers for the Queen, . 'i'he Doxology wan then song, nad the bhnadiation having been said by the Roed. S. Williams the proceedings terminated at 4.45 p.n., but many persons lingered round the spot for some time afterwards. Briefly to describe the building we may sty the architecture is of the Gothle order. The outside will be ornamented with tracery windows, the weatherings and dressings being of pressed cement, in imitation of stone t the watls are to be of brick. The spire will be 134 feet high, and whven completed the edifice will faorm a very handsome addition to our public buildings. The interior will be divided into a nave and two side aisles, from which it is divided by massive Gothio columns surmounted by arches of blackwood timber. The roof will bo open Gothic. The fittings of the interior are to be of myrtle, and whenoo finished will form n beautiful contrast to the heavy timber of the roof. The whole will, be well lighted by enriched tracery windows gluzed with eatbodral glass with ornameonal colored margins. 