GHOSTS OR WHAT ? BY the following "extraordinary manifesta- tions," recorded in the Goulburn Argus, it would seem that the age of mystery is not yet over:— Within the last few days a very general topic of conversation in town has been some extra ordinary, and at present wholly unaccounted for, occurrences that have taken place on the premises of Mr. Rogers, cabinet-maker, in Auburn- street. The house occupied by him is situated nearly opposite the Australian Store and is two storied. Before being taken by Mr. Rogers it was occupied as a public-house. Shortly after Mr. Rogers went into it, some very strange noises were heard at night in the lower story ; sounds as if the furniture were being moved about, doors opened and shut or banged to, and persons walking about; and this all at a time when the outer doors were securely fastened, and none but the regular inmates were inside. On several occasions Mr. Rogers has had friends to stop with him during the night, and these have all heard the same noises, but on their going to the spot from whence they ap parently proceeded, nothing more was beard. Adjoining the house are some other premises, formerly used as a butcher's shop, but now un occupied. The noises have also been heard in there. Next to the street, and occupying the whole front of the house, is the furniture shop, and at the back of this are two small rooms and the staircase. The noises in this house have generally proceeded from the furniture shop, or about the foot of the stairs, or from one of the two rooms alluded to, which is used as a bed room. The noises have frequently been heard at intervals for about nine months, and every attempt on the part of Mr. Rogers or his friends to detect the cause of them has been unsuccessful A young man, a journeyman cabinet-maker, who only came from Sydney a fortnight ago, and who had slept from his arrival in the bedroom at the back of the shop until Friday hut informed us that since he came he has never had but one night's rest. The very first night he slept in the house he was astonished about twelve o'clock by hearing a tremendous crash, as if a chest of drawers had been thrown down stairs and smashed to atoms. He rushed out of his room to see what was the matter, but nothing was to be seen except Mr. Rogers who had come down stairs on the same errand. On Thursday last the young man was alarmed in the middle of the night by hearing the handles of three doors simultaneously turned, and somebody walk up his room to his bedside, and then walk away again. Since then he has objected to sleep down stairs, and has accordingly been domiciled above. On Friday night the inmates with another sat up all night, and heard nothing. On Saturday night the noises were heard again as usual, and also on Sunday night when sounds similar to the moving of furniture in the shop were dis tinctly heard by a constable on duty in the street, who had been informed of the circumstances, and who called another constable to hear them; before the arrival of the latter, however, they had ceased. On Monday night both Mr. Rogers and his assistant heard footsteps ascending the stairs, and the assistant says he heard a voice addressing him: he tried to call out, but was speechless as if from lockjaw. The same night constables Walker and M'Carthy, who were on the look-out, distinctly heard footsteps inside the shop, and also in the unoccupied premises ad joining ; they ran round to the back of the latter, and forcing open the door, rushed in, made a thorough search, but could find nothing. We may state that similar noises were heard as far back as fifteen years ago, and when the house was occupied by the late Mr. Noonan as a public house, and also subsequently by Mr. Joseph Carroll. There is a cellar underneath the shop, and this Mr. Rogers had partially excavated last Thursday morning; in the expectation that per haps something might be discovered to elucidate the mystery ; all, however, that was discovered were a couple of spoons and a small mallet be spattered with what looked like blood ; on being examined by Dr. Waugh, however, he pro nounced the stains to be spirit stains. The house in question was built between seven and eight and twenty years ago by a butcher named Harrison, and there is a curious tale in reference to the circumstances under which he became dispossessed of it. He has been dead seven teen years. A man named- Dick the Sailor war murdered on the premises about six years ago. 