TO BE TAKEN FOR, LIFE. Sophy read through the whole of the foregoing several times over, and I sat in my seat in the Library Cart (that's the name we give it) seeing her read, and I was as pleased and as proud as a Pug-Dog with, his muzzle blackleaded for an evening party, and his tail extra curled by machinery. Every item of my plan was crowned with success. Our re-united life was more than all that we had looked forward to. Content and joy went with us as the wheels of the two carts went round, and the same stopped with us when the two carts stopped. But I had left something out of my calculations. Now, what had I left out ? To help you to guess, I'll say a figure. Come. Make a guess, and guess right. Nought? No. Nine? No. "Eight? No. Seven? No. Six? No. Five? No. Four? No. Three ?, No. Two ? No. One? No. Now I'll tell you what I'll do with you. I'll say it's another sort of figure altogether. There. "Why, then, says you, it's a mortal figure. No, nor yet a mortal figure. By such means you get yourself penned into a corner, and you can't help guessing a immortal figure. That's aboutit. Why didn't you say so sooner ? Yes. It was a immortal figure that I had altogether left out of my calculations. Neither man's-nor woman's, but a child's. Girl's or boy's ? Boy's. " I, says the sparrow, with my bow and arrow." NOAV you have got it. We were down at Lancaster, and I had done two nights' more than fair average business (though I cannot in honour recommend them as a quick audience) in the open square there, near the end of the street where Mr. Sly's King's Arms and Roy alHotel stands. Mim'stravelling giant, otherwisePickleson, happened at the self-same time to be a trying it oh in the town. The genteel lay was adopted with him. No hint of a van. Green baize alcove leading up to Pickleson in a Auction Room. Printed poster "Free list suspended, with the exception of that proud boast of an enlightened country, a free press. Schools admitted by piivnte arrangement. Nothing to raise a blush in the cheek of youth, or shock the most fastidious." Mim swearing most horrible and terrific, in a pink calico pay-place, at the slackness of the public. Serious handbill in the shops, im- porting that it was all but impossible to come to aright under- standing of the history of David, without seeing Pickleson. I weut to the Auction Room in question, and I found it empty of everything but echoes and mouldiness, with the single excep- tion of Pickleson on a piece of red drugget. This suited my purpose, as I wanted á private and confidential word with him, which was "Pickleson. Owing much happiness to you, I put you in my will for a fypunnote ; but, to save trouble, here's fourpunten down, which may equally suit your views, and let us so conclude the transaction," Pickleson, who up to that remark had had the dejected appearance of a long Roman rush- light that couldn't anyhow get lighted, brightened up at his top extremity and made his acknowledgments, in a way which (for him) was parliamentary eloquence. He likeAvise did add, that, having ceased to draw as a Roman, Mim had made proposals for his going in as a conwerted Indian Giant worked upon by The Dairyman's Daughter. This, Pickleson having no acquain- tance with the tract named after that young woman, and not being willing to couple gag with his serious'views, had declined to do, thereby leading to words and the total stoppage of the unfortunate young man's beer. All of which, during the inter- view, was confirmed by the ferocious growling of Mim down below in the pay-place, which shook the giant like a leaf. But what was to the present point in the remarks of the travelling giant otherwise Pickleson, was this : " Doctor Mari- gold"-I give his words without a hope of conweying their feebleness-" who is the strange young man that hangs about your carts ?"-" The strange young man?" I gives him back, thinking thathemeanther,andhislanguidcirculationhad dropped a syllable. "Doctor," he returns, with a pathos calculated to draw a tear from even a manly eye, " I am weak, but not so weak yet as that I don't know my words. I repeat them, Doctor. The strange young man." It then appeared that Pickleson being forced to stretch his legs (not that they wanted it) only at times when he couldn't be seen for nothing, to wit, in the dead of the night and towards daybreak, had twice seen hanging about my carts, in that same town of Lancaster, where I had been only two nights, this same unknown young man. It put me rather out of sorts. What it meant as to particulars I no more foreboded then, than you forebode now, but it put me rather out of sorts. Howsoever, I made light of it to Pickle- son, and I took leave of Pickleson, advising him to spend his legacy in getting up his stamina, and to continue to stand by his religion. Towards morning I kept a look-out for the strange young man, and, what was more-I saw the strange youngman. He Avas well dressed and Avell looking. He loitered very nigh my carts, watching them like as if he Avas taking care of them, and soon after daybreak turned and Avent away. I sent a hail after him, but he never started or looked, round, or tock the smallest notice., /? ni r: ¡ i. We left Lancaster within'an hour or two, oh our way towards Carlisle. Next morning, at daybreak, I: looked out again for the strange young man. I did not see him.1 Butnextmorning I looked out again, and there he was once more. I sent another hail after him, but as before he gave not' the slightest sign of being anyways disturbed. This put a thought into my head'. Acting on it, I watched him in different manners and at differ- ent times not necessary to enter into, till I found that this strange young man was deaf and dumb. The discovery turned me over, because that I knew that a part of that establishment where she had been, was allotted to young men (some of them were well off), and I thought to myself "If she favours him, where am I, and where is all that I haye worked and planned for ? " Hoping- I must confess to the selfishness-that she might not favour. I set myself to find out. At last I was by accident present at a meeting between them in the open air, looking on leaning behind a fir-tree without their knowing of it. It was a moving meeting for all the three parties concerned. I knew every syllable that passed between them, ns -well as they did. I listened with my eyes, which had come to be as quick and true with deaf, and dumb conversation, as my. ears with the talk of people that can speak'. He was a going out to China as clerk in' a merchant's house, which his father had been before him. He was in circumstances to keep a wife, and he wanted her to marry him arid go along . with him. She persisted, no. He asked if she didn't love him? Yes, she loved him dearly, dearly, but she could never disappoint her beloved, good, noble, generous, and I don't-know what-all father (meaning me, the Cheap' Jack iii the sleeved waistcoat),/and she would stay with him, Heaven bless him, though it was to break her heart ! Then she cried most bitterly, and that made up my mind. While my mind had been in an unsettled state about her favouring this young man, I had felt that unreasonable towards Pickleson, that it was well for him he had got his legacy down. For I often thought " If it hadn't been for this same weak-minded giant, I might never have come to trouble my head and vex my soul about this young man." But, once that I knew she loved him-once that I had seen her weep for him-it was a different thing. I made it right in roy mind with Pickleson on the spot, and I shook myself together to do what was right by all. She had left the young man by that time (for it took a few minutes to get me thoroughly well shook together j, and the young man was leaning against another of the fir-trees-of which there was a cluster-with his face upon his arm. I touched him on the back. Looking up and and seeing me, he says, in our deaf and,dumb talk : " Do not be angry." " I am not angry, good boy. I am your friend. Come with me." I left him at the foot of the steps of the Library Cart, and I went up alone. She was drying her eyes. " You have been crying, mv dear," "Yes, father." "Why?" "Ahead-ache." " Not a heart-ache ? " " I said a head-ache, father." " Doctor Marigold must prescribe for that head-ache." She took up' the book of my prescriptions, and held it up with a forced smile ; but seeing me keep still and look earnest, she softly laid it down again, and her eyes were very attentive. "The Prescription is not there, Sophy." " Where'is it?" " Here my dear. " I brought her young husband in, and I put her hand in his, and.my only further words, to both of them were these : " Doctor Marigold's last prescription. f To be taken for life. " After which I bolted. .' . When the wedding come off, I mounted a coat (blue, and bright buttons) for the first and last time in all my days, and I give Sophy away with my own. hand., There Avas only us three and the gentleman who had had charge of her those two years. I give the wedding dinner of four in the Library Cart. Pigeon pie, a leg of pickled pork, a pair of fowls, and suitable gar- den-stuff. Thebestof drinks. I give them a speech, andthegentle- , man giveus aspeech, and all our jokes told, and the whole went off like a sky-rocket. In the course of the entertainment I explained ' to Sophy that I should keep the Library Cart as my living-cart when not upon the road, and that I should keep all her books for her just as they stood, till she come back to claim them. So she went to China with her young husband, and it was a parting sorrowful and heavy, and I got the boy I had another service, and so as of old when my child and wife was gone, I went plodding along alone, with my whip over my shoulder, at the old horse's head. Sophy wrote me many letters, and I wrote her many letters. About the end of the first year she sent me one in an unsteady hand: "Dearest father, not a week ago I had a darling little daughter, but I am so well that they let me write these words to you. Dearest and best father, I hope my child may not be deaf and dumb, but I do not yet know." When I wrote back, I hinted the question ; but as Sophy never answered that question, I felt it to be a sad one, and I never repeated it. For a long time our letters were regular, but then they got irregular through Sophy's husband being moved to another station, and through my being always on the move. But we were in one another's thoughts, I was equally sure, letters or no letters. Five years, odd months, had gone since Sophy went. away. I was still the King of the Cheap Jacks, and at a greater height of popularity than ever. I had had a first-rate autumn of it, and on the twenty-third of December, one thousand eight hun- dred and sixty-four, I found myself at Uxbridge, Middlesex, clean sold out. So I jogged up to London with the old horse, light and easy, to have my Christmas-Eve and Christmas Day alone by the fire in the Library Cart, and then to buy a regular new stack of goods all round, to sell 'em again and get the money. ' I am a neat hand at cookery, and I'll tell you what I knocked up for my Christmas-Eve dinner in the Library Cart. I knocked up a beefsteak pudding for one, with two kidneys, a dozen oysters, and a couple of mushrooms, thrown in. It's a pudding to put a man in good humour with everything, except the two bottom buttons of his waistcoat, Having relished that pudding and cleared away, I turned the lamp low, and sat down by the light of the fire, watching it as it shone upon the backs of Sophy's books. Sophy's books so brought up Sophy's self, that I saw her touching face quite plainly, before I dropped off dozing by the fire. This may be a reason why Sophy, with her deaf and dumb child in her arms, seemed to stand silent by me all through my nap. I was on the road, off the road, in all sorts of places, Noith and South and West and East, Winds liked best and winds liked least, Here and there and gone astray, Over the hills and far away, and still she stood silent by me, with her silent child in her arms. Even when I woke with a start, she seemed to vanish, as if she had stood by me in that very place only a single instant before. I had started at a real sound, and the sound was on the steps of the cart. It was the light hurried tread of a child, coming clambering up. That tread of a child had once been so familiar to me, that for half a moment I believed I was a going to see a j little ghost. I But the touch of a real child was laid on the outer handle of the door, and the handle turned and the door opened a little way, and a reàl child peeped in. A bright little comely girl with large dark eyes. Looking full at me, the tiny creature took off her mite of a straw hat, and a quantity of dark curls fell all about her face. Then she opened her lips, and said in a pretty voice : " Grandfather ! '?' "Ah, my God ! " I cries out. " She can speak !" " Yes, dear grand- father. And I am to ask you whether there was ever any one that I re- mind you of." In a moment Sophy was round my npck as well as the child, and her husband was a wring- ing my hand with his face hid, and we all had to shake ourselves to-, gether, before we could get over it. And when . we did begin to get over it, and I saAv the pretty child a talking, pleased and quick and eager and busy, to her mother, in *the signs that I had first taught her mother, the : , happy and yet pitying tears fell rolling down. my face. -Extra Christ-. mas Number of All the Year Round. , . .., 