j1 MY GREATEST FRIGHT. I (.From the Dublin University Magazine.) It was a pitch dark night when I-stood at tho door of an inn on the A'orgo of tho little town of D-, speculating upon my chanoes of fair weather on the top of the coach which, passing through the placo, Avas to carry mo somo twenty miles farthor. Tho mail had not yot .arrived. Thoso wore tho good old days of stago-coaohes, Avhcn a journey of a few sooro milos was a for- midable affair, to bo talked of a month before it took place, and regarded as an ovont in life after it had' been performed. Being accustomed to travelling, I thought loss of a trip than most people On that night, however, an ugly cold drizzle mado mo shh'or, and hurry baok to the chimney corner of the snug hostelry, whoro wit and song, and savoury suppors, and punoh manufactured by tho sweetest of barmaids, com- bined to render the hours fleeter, Hal -inclined to remain whero I was and lot the coach proceed unheeded, I throw myself on a benoh, lit my cigar, variedmy meditations with a frosh tumblor, and surrendered myself to all tho comfort tho place afforded. Nothing disturbed my onjoyraont but tho snoring of a person in another corner of tho" apartment, who seemed overcome by tho strength of his previous potations. Falling into a rathor gloomy roverio, I experienced a strong presentiment that, against my better reason, I should erelong oommit boiuo foarful crime. Startling visions came and went boforc me-not that the maid had been over generous in mixing my tumbler, although I allow I was a favourite, and had succeeded in snatching a kiss on an oooasion. I was as sober as a judge, whatevor that statemont may bo worth j still I could not shako off tho shapes of horror that haunted mo. I felt convinced that something untoward would soon occur, but, anathematising myself as a suporstitious dolt, I scizod my liquor, and having turned tho crystal bottom upwards in approved stylo, began to whistle a popular air, which half- awakened my stertorous friend at the instant whon tho horn of the guard and tho rattle of a vehicle romindod us of the coming ooaoh. Should I stay, or go? Tho night was abominable, and an outside seat would bo misery indoed ; an inside I could not expoot. It was as well to try, however, if suoh might bo had. Fortune favoured me. Tho ooaoh ffas altogether empty; and after a pleasant word with some- body, who sighed as I doparted, I jumped in, and hugged myself all over at my good fortune. Scarcely was I seated whon an individual-a gentleman I judged him to bo by tho tono of his voice, all the rest of him boing concealed by coats and mullers- assisted into tho ooaoh another comfortably onvelopod bundlo of human- ity, saying at the same time, " Ijrust, sir, my friend will not inoommode you." " Not at all," replied I, as tho stranger, without speaking, flung himself, or tumbled, into the othor corner on tho seat whero I sat. Not a word passed between us, and ive started. We had pioooedod a mile or two, and I had relapsed in a sort of slumber, Avhcn on a sudden a slight joltof tho coach threw my fellow traveller right on top of mo. My equanimity was not im- proved by tho contaot ; but fancying, as ho made very feoblo efforts to recover himsolf, that he had fallen into a profound sleep, I raised him as gontly as possible, and dopositing him in his own corner, again oomposod mysolf, drawing my cap more determinedly over my oyes. Not a sound thonccforth emanated from my compan- ion, upon which I felicitated mysolf. Wore tho delinquent my snoring friend of the hotol, what must not my torturo have boon ? Matters proceeded pleasantly enough, and my eyes wero beginning to betray mo onco more into dreams, whon, at a turn in tho road, down carno my neighbour upon mo a second timo. Now that was enough to vex a saint. Had the most pious individual on record been in tho same predicament, he would havo found it diffioult not to consign the wretch to regions infernal. I will not confoss -what I said-it would not ring discreetly in cars polite : but my bark is worse than my bito, as Celia has often doolarod indeed, whon I havo arranged trifling domostic squabbles (which aro few and far between) by the gift of a bonnet, or somothing of the sort -in the newest style. I will acknowledge what I did, for, as yot, I had not grown savage with my voiceless tormentor, I shook him soundly; a grunt was emittod, hardly mortal. Then, for the first time, it struck mo that ho might bo none other than tho tipsified deni- zen of the coffee-room corner, now quito overcome. Recolleoting many misdoings of my own-ono who handles a drunk man with particular tenderness is suro to bo no teototaller-I spoko oncouragingly to tho masB of bacohanalian stupidity, shook him again, liftod him with somo gontloness, and sot bira up all right. It was scaroely dono whon ho had lost his equilibrium onoo more, andropoated his moan of dissatisfaction with my renewed efforts to save his neok. This insensibility to my kind- ness, I confess, nettled mo. I foar I did not then handlo him so mildly. I not only placed him in his seat, but administorod as sound a box with my fist (striking as I did at random, in the dark, it foil somowhorc about his omn- ium,) as ever I deal to an impudent coxcomb, boasting of his prowess in tho art of self-dofenoo -wherein I oxoel. I am not suro that I did not ropeat tho blow, for flosh and, blood oould not stand such intolorablo annoyance. Yot, onoo moro the coaoh lurched, the samo scoria was re- peated, and a powerful thrust in the breast, de- livered with unotion, rewarded the miscreant. But the moment this blow was launohed upon him I bogan to tromblo, An indefinable dread orept over mo, such a fooling as I novor beforo had experienced-as I could not then, and oannot now explain. The absence of all response from the indisoornablo heap in the corner, the frequenoy of his stumbles, and, as it often appeared to mo in roflooting upon tho occurrence afterwards, something mysterious in the contaot of my knuckles with his clothes, mado mo shivor. A conclusion darted across my mind of the most intensely painful nature. I pulled opon the window, bawled lustily to the guard, de- manded that the coach should bo stopped, stormed about tho impropriety of plaoing a drunken porson in tho carriage, and demanded that ho should bo taken out forthwith. A lantern was brought, tho coachman and guard both descend- ing. Tho speechless traveller was caught and gontly shaken, lo no purpose-shouted at, with equal fruitlossnoss-aud at length fairly lifted out, when the man was found to bo dead. My feelings wero, I assure you, none of the most pleasant. The guard, especially, seemed to imagine foul play on my part. The body, however, was stretched upon the roof of the coach, with silent ceremony ; I resumed my place inside; the vohiolo proceeded; and our journey soon carno to an end beforo the hotel door of the town of my destination. I im- mediately got out, oyed askant by tho guard, and a policeman; to whom that officer had ovidontly communicated his suspioionB. Tho corpso waB taken into tho hall of tho houso; and for tho night (it thou was very late), all sank into peace. Not a moment slept I. Had I murdered tho man ? Had my repeated blows torminatcd his mortal oareor, effectual for serious mischief as thoy must havo beon upon a person whom I, now presumed had ontorod tho coach tho next thing to dead-doad drunk ? nis ghost stood at the bedside. It grinned horribly at me. Itseyo balls started. It scowled and scowled again. It went and returned for as many times as I had given blows, on ovory occasion tho moro appall- ing in aspect, tho moro awful a premonition of the ponalty whioh 1 could not but anticipate was in store for mo, tho murderer ! When tho morning oamo, it found mo fovercd, and weak as a babe. I tried to rise-my limbs refused their oilico. I ondcavourod to battlo off my appro honsions; it was impossible. At length with groat diflioulty dragging myself out of bed, Ï foobly dressod. On coming down to breakfast, the first ill formation I got was that a coronor's inquest would bo held in an hour. An hour ! What should I do ? Confosa it all ? My brain burned. I strovo to look collootod. I cut the broad mechanically. I placed a píceo in my mouth j but I could no moro swallow a morsol than fly. Indeed to fly from tho place was my strongest impulso; and I had actually risen to carry out my intontion, whon I overheard the conversation of a oouplo of persons at a table noar " There aro sevoral curious marks upon tho breast," said ono, " Thoy Bccm," rejoined the other, ."as if adminstcrod by somo blunt instrument. There was undoubtedly violence." "Did not some- body travel with him in the ooaoh?" was thon asked. I could listen no longor, but rose and rushed out. The inquost was on the point of being hold, . The coroner had arrived. A jury had becu collected. At laBt all tho preliminaries wero arranged. What should I do? Anxious to raako an open and a candid narration of all that had taken placo I yot laoked moral courage, fearing that my story would bo regarded as utterly improbable. I suffered moro in that half hour than pen could describe. I still look back upon it with horror. Finally, after a terriblo struggle with my foolings, I rosolvod to enter the outhouso where the inquost was going on, and try by tho frankness of my statement to gain orcdonco. As I walked to the spot, howovor, I found tho same guard who had lookod so suspiciously on the previous night, at- tended by his friend tho policoman, proceeding in soaroh of mo, to requiro my attendance. Tho sight of him, and his furtivo glauco, again un- manned me ; but, with a groat struggle to look composed, I appronohod tho orowd standing round tho body. Addressing myself to tho coronor, I was about to oommonco a solomn ap- peal for a fair construction of my oonduot, by way of profaoo to a detail of tho wholo affair, when that functionary interrupted me, not oon jooturing the important naturo of what I was about to communioato, and intimated that ho would first oxamino a modiual gentleman proseafc, who had made a pout mortem, and was obliged to attond a sick-call without delay; ho had left his patiout, who was soriously ill, to give evi- dence, and ho wished at the earliest possible moment to roturn. I romaincd silont. No trembling affected my limbs now. My norves wero true as steel. My heart hardly beat. My faco grow cold us ioe; my limbs rigid as those of a statue I was worked up to the highest point of excitement. My eyes wero set upon. the doctoras if thoy would pioroo him through. My fato lay in his bunds: what would ho say? Could I daro hopo that ho . had mistaken tho oauso of death, and would impute it to anything whioh might relievo mo from my peril? . Even if ho did, what would bo the worth of a moro escapo whon I should bear with mo to my dying day tho dreadful sonse of having killed a foliow-oroaturo, even without intention. At any cost I would unfold tho matter. It might bo as well, however, to let tho dootor spoak first. Ho began. His testi- mony was given with clearness, and when it roaohed its climax, a sharp cry sprang from my hoart. Never shall I forgot that moment. Aa intolorablo woight was lifted from mo. I felt every part of my body relaxed, and humanised again. I breathed a long full broath. I wept. I smiled grimly. I was all but in hysteria. Tho dootor could not account for a couplo of abrasions on tlie face, and a serious discolora- tion of small extent upon tho breast; those showed that considerable violence had been usod towards tho dooeasod within a short poriodl previous to his death-but that violonco, ho was clearly of opinion, formed no part in the cauBO of tho wretched man's decease, whioh had arisen from apoplexy brought on by oxecssivo drinking. Had the unfortunate individual, he addod, been kopt awake and erect tho catastrophe might nob havo ooourrod j but, being a hoavy porBon, tho position into whioh he must havo fallen in tho coach had aocoloratcd the fatality. The jury were satisfied. I thon unbosomed myself of my share in tho businoss, and folt lighter and happier than I had a fow hours boforo evor hoped to be again in this world. FAsniONS at Louisville.-Tho ladies of Louisville aro famed for thoir beauty throughout tho States, as I am told. English and French damsels aro asfair, bo far as I havo beon able to as- certain. Shortly boforo loaving England, a fair young English girlarrivod from Franco with tho French polish of tho most Boicot Frenoh millinory addod to hor numerous charms. Tho nowost of tho French noveltios brought to boar upon dazzled malo Robs by this fair young damsol, arrayod for oonquost, was a black silken coat witli a whito lining, shapod lileo a man's evening swallow-tail but adornod with various frills and rouohoB sot round tho borders, whioh mado it a truly fominino garment of great eloganoe. No suoh garment had ever delighted malo oyos be- fore, and certainly no such garment evor was soon behind thd Alleehany Mountains, as I Bupposod. One of tho first things seen in Louisvillo was the outward form of the frilled swallow-tail coat, which was now in London in July. This speoimen of art was sky-bluo, and boautifully mado ; so was a silicon gown, so was a bonnot with a garden of fiowors and a nodding plumo, so was a parasol over all. Tho wearer was slight and graoofulj and carried herself and hor silken train with a light tripping gait. It was impossible to jesist trying for a peop at tho faco of the mostriWauti ful of tho boautios of Louisvillo, in the Parisian fashion of the fairest of London ladies. Sliding off thopaveracntnot tosocin impertinent, I strode through the dust, got ahead, turnod incidentally to look at a shop window, and saw-a nigger. Sho was a regular darky, with blubber lips, dis- guised as " tho girl I left behind mo." " As I was going down do street, Down do «trout, dow a do street, A dark lair sex I clianccd to meet-" and thero sho walked on, ogling, this " dark gal dressed in bluo." Is this tho triumphant Bel- lona, tho typo of her race, cama tctUrima belli, the Holen of tho American war ? Arc free mon drafted to free enslaved niggers?-A Short American Tramp in Hie Fall of 1864. By the Editor of " Life in Normandy." The first bale of oollon obtained by the 'liberated negroes in America has been sent to the association for the relief of the emancipated stares. The cotton Is nid to be of »oellent qaalHyi 