CKARGE OF ATTEITiED tRAPE " - AGAINST A DOCTOI Mr. Nash. a medical practitioneer, resid ingat Wood 's Point, was charged at the lo atl Police Court on Tuesdav last, hbefore Mr. Akehurt. P M., with. on the 17th J.anu-., aau?t-._ E. Elizab~th Lt..Lu erg with intent to .)rnaiit a rape upon her. Mr. W. % `:I. e".'aried for the prosecutrix and r'. H. :,f.-,Aey w the dedfeuant. . ;.,, in o ;etin "he case, read a -ýte an.d a lct:er from Dr. Nash to Mfr. :::-rg he frdt-named asking him to c.:i aad have some conversation, the second exoressiJg surpri-e that his request had not 9c€n com.plied with, and stating the writer's Lellef that asither Mr. nor Mrs. Naunberg would say or do anything detrimental to b,-. The Iet:rer went on to say that they had got sulky without cause, and miscon ttrc:d hi' larkiag into something serious, and stated that the writer would regret any estrangement, as there were no people in the place for whom he had a greater respect. The writer alluded to the circulation of ma liciou.ms rumours, which he felt sure profes. uioaal jealousies on the part of Dr. Iflla, who had lost all his best patients by Dr. Nash, as well as Edward M31'Dermott, who thought to make capital for his brilliant brother, and he asked for a conversation with Mr. Naum. berg that they might understand one an other. Elizabeth Naumuberg deposed that she was the wife of Edward Naumberg, and re. sided at Wood's Point. Remembered the 17th of January. Defendant attended me provesionaliv. On that day be came to my house. I was working in the outhou!e at the end of the garden when be calld me. die wIs in the verandah, lie said, "Well my little woman, you are always at it." We went into the sitting-room and sat down on the sofa together. In answer to a question, I told him I did not at'all feel well. He felt my pulk, and said a'l that was the matter with me was that I wanted a little baby. He put his arms round my waist, when I jumped up and saw his person exposed. I said, "Oh, my God, Dr. Nash." I was run ning out of the room when he caught me by the arms and threw me on the sofa. I felt quite paralysed. He then took liberties with me and I cuidl :ut, "F'or Goa's sake, don't do that." lie said, "uoh, hush." I cried ecu? tr?e! tic,.e>, "lt ine get up." He then carried re ito the bedroom, -.ud threw me on the bed I resisted him. and after some time he , ant out, and I got up and locked th'- door. My heed ,v:-s du;oa an aperture betwr n the bed and the wiall, so that I could flant try c io.: I have be.c ia bad health along tiLe. After 1 locked the door I told him to go away, but he did not do so for a time lie tried t., J"c. oace. I was sob bmg and crying, and he might have thought I was in hvsteric. When he had gone, I asked the servant if she had heard me. She said she had heard me cry, "Let me get up." she said she did not come because the doe. rtor was with me, and she thought it was all right I tolA htr Ler. N,sh had insulted me. I foiund tha.it the sitting-roum had been cleaned up, and everv ihing put il its pro per plae. I told my husband what had taken pl.,ce when he c3au*e home at night. I tla Mrs. Solomon next day. Dr. Illa called on Friday? morning. I toldi hi.a something aiut it. I wanted to go to court at once about it, but my husband vs ould not let me. Dr. -ah carme to the house on th, follow min.' aturday. I !ceked the door when 1 heard his voice. lie came to the door and spcke to =e. I told him I had ncquainted nyv husband, and it would be the worse for him. He wanted to .'e me, but I would not cpn the door. 1 sF;-d I had never ziven him any cause to insult me, and he said, "No, ycu are not." I never gave him or any one else inducement to take liberties with me He said he would come back at night, and went away. Cross-examined by Mr. Spenslev: I have been in the district about four years. I was a barmaid in a hotel at the Jordan. I have been it. Wood's Point about two years. We have been on intimate terms with Dr. and 3Irs Nash. We had a difference about a gat some months ago. I did nsot insist on the dismissal of Mrs. Nash's serv:lt. I did not say to anyo.e b+fre the ass.ult, that I would give it to Dr. Nash. D:d not say so to aMr. Michardson that 1 am aware of. The house -. eatherboard, with shingle roof there i. a right-of-way beside the fence. Anrone passing might hear a noise made in t!e house. Iichardson's house is in the deep cut. It was about 3 o'clock in the af t_-cnan when Lr. Nash came. I don't know ih-ru the servant was at the ti:ie. I don't iknow whether she could hear we or whether a coirersation in one part of the house can l'e heard in auother. lie insulted me the diy before, and I said I thought he was in dsink. The reason wvw the case was not com 2aenced sooner was, because Mr. .aumber, wouid not let me. He asked me if a publi apology wouald nct do, and I said "no." He k,'ja prtting it 'I I was dIwn the town a dat or two afterwards. I visited Mr. Scott. I told Dr. Itf.a i would not hartc Dr. Nash a-y more in my house. 11e said he did not wisi to psite an of Dr. Nah's pa,'nts. He s-emed to wnt t~o know the cause, but 1 merely told bLa Tr. Nssh had inv.ted me. So ce advie?d iae to taie this course. I did not it-i Dr. lla any ruove that (by. The nex: d1w ne asked n. if I had told my hu, t1'i i, a:id -aid I was Iigdt to do so. Dr. I-a di. not gxe u.e any advi e at all. I n ra- was hr te.", I 1don't recollect se ing to Mrst. -?,a.dson i would give it to l.e-exau+,nL lr Mr. W's - 'tL: On the trm-a Tinus ta he put his arns round my waist, and went as if to kiss me. I told him he ought to be ashamed of himself. iBy the bench : When Dr. Nash caled me into the house the door was open. Do not knr.w how long it was from the time we were o- the seth tili after what took plae 5a the edroom,; it might ha'e bcen ten minutes. Swan T.i.,et, examined: I ai Mrs. Ananmberg'a serlant. Remember the 17th J n.uar. I saw Dr. \aih go into the house tiat day, I ws out-ide. I h?erd Mrs.Naum lur crv.z' out, "Let me get up," three . ... . i,. '. . g in beca e. ." d'- nokir '..s :-- I a at :he back door, about two y ..- i.am the a u.e. I have a sister in the .... .. -- h: - :;tt -.e a meer:.gŽ to go to .Mir. tri'~ ~I del, " . (M1. I:r vell U.ormoccd the Bench he had never ,eant Mrs. Naumburg asked me if I heard her cry ing out, and 1 said "Yes." She told me she had been insulted. Croasexamined: A couversat.oa in tLe sitting-room cannot be heard in the kitchen if the door is shut. I thiiu'ut iia I heard her crying cut that she was undergoing an operation, and di' not ,;;o in. The cries did L .. ::..,i. Af-?'w'.rd5 she carne out. She luoked as if h!e h-d been crying. Rich ardson's house is five or six Yards off. I don't think the cries eculd h.ve' been heard at itichardson's. I have had no conversation either with M3r. or Mr3. -Namburg about my cidence. Dr. Ifla examiaeld: I am a medical prac titioner. Went to Mrs. Na-mburg's on the 19th. Mrs. Namburg complained of an in sult offired her by Dr. Nash. Cross examined: :drs. tamburg told me Dr. Nash would never enter her house again, because he had grossly insulted her. She told me on the Saturday Dr. Nash had taken improper liberties. I told her I did not wish to hear anything about the matter. I had no conversation with any one about the case. Edward Crisp examined: I am clerk to Mr Emerson. I have measured the distance be tween Mr. Namburg's and Richardson's; it is 37ft Sin. Edward Namburg examined: I am a store keeper. Prosecutrix is my wife. On going home on the night of the 17th, Mrs. Naum burg said she had bad news for me. She said Dr. Nash had been there and insulted her. She told me the particulars. She told me what she wished done in the matter. I told her she was not in a fit state to go to court, and I would have my revenge some way. She wanted to take proceedings every day, but I would no" allow her. I received the letter produced. 1 had no conversation with Dr. Ills about the case. The letters are in Dr. Nash's hand. writing. Cross-examined: I delayed laying the charge sooner, because Mrs. Naumburg was too ill, and wished to avoid public scandal. Mrs. Naumburg was out on the following Saturday. I told parties who came to me about the affair that ifDr. Nash made a public apology we would drop the case. No one advised me to bring the case to court, or refuse apology. Didn't know whether peo ple passing along the road could hear conver sation in the house. Ee-examined: Mrs. Naumburg has been under medical attendance for the last three months. She is of a weakly constitution and has not a loud voice. Mr. P. Perkins: Pemembered speaking to a3r. and Mrs. Nsumburg about this affair. 1 spoke to Dr. Nash about it. Ile told me he merely put his hands on Mrs. Naumburg's shoulders, and she kicked up a greA:t row. Dr. Nash did not ask me to go and make peace. I spoke to Mr. Naumburg, and told him it would be better not to bring the case into court, even if it was true, it would be better give him a tmrashiug. Cre-s-exrmined : Dr. Na&h; never asked me to call on complainant. I told Mrs. Naum burg that Dr. Nash could not make an apo logy as he denied the offence. Mr. Naum burg said the matter had got public. Mr. Naumburg said he supposed the wife had told Dr llia, and that wasr'he way it had got public. Tiis concluded the case for the prosecu tion No witnesses were called for the d: fence. Mr. Spensely then addressed the Bench. He said this was one of those cases which I Lord lH:de characterised as one in which it was easy to make an accusation but hard to rebut it. It, the present instance the plaintiff was not entitled to his Worship's considera tion, if it was only on account of the fact that such a length of time had elapsed be tween the alleged offence and la ing the in formation. It was not even pretended that she had been confined to bed or in a sick state. On the contrar-, she was about the town and visiting her friends a day or two afterwards, and yet had not been able to lay the charge until a fortnight after. The ease was surrounded with the most dubious and suspicious circumstances. Here was a gentle man occupying a poaitson second to none in the district charged with a grave crime, and to none could such a charge be more terrible than to a medical man. To say the least this was a crime alleged to have been com mitted under most peculiar circumstances. The house was situated so close to a road that the foot-steps and voices of passers-by could be distinctly heard. The complainant was a nerson with whom defendant was in timately acquainted, and a servant was in the house at the very moment. Was it not pre i1osterous that a man in his senses would at tempt such a thing, especially a man in Dr. Nash's position? It was evidently a base attempt to ruin Dr. Nash's character-to blast his fair fame, and to drive him out of dis. trict. Mrs. Naumburg appeared to be a woman of sharp and severe temper. Being slightly "chaffed," by the doctor about the want of children, she might have thought herself affronted, that being rather a tender subject with ladies; and it is well known the length to which females would go for the sake of revenge. 1f she was treated in the manner she say-s, why, instead of waiting till her hus band came, did she not sen-i her servant for a policeman at once; instead of that she sits for a fortnight brooding over her wrongs and considering what steps to take. Mr. Spensely, while uimitting that Dr. Nash uight have slightly overstepped the bounds of decorum contended notht:g slie k n assult had bIeen proved, nid a!%thou:h it was within his Wor si:ip's power to iuld:ct a fine, he had no doubt ie would dism"ris the ciharge, which was instigated by vi:ndictiveness, characterised by cruelty, and having for its only object the iast?ug of iDr. .-sh's character. Defendant was committed for trial, .bail beirg allowed in two aurities of £500 each, which were immniediately tendered and ac. I epted,--Wood's Point Leader. If, asks an American paper, Brigham Yong's hundred wives favor their lord with curtain lectures, wha:t, oh, what mu-t L the nature of 'Young's Niight Thoughts ?" 3urphy was askled how it, w.s so very di L. t o ..:e. him in the morning. "In d?sd, mcser, its because of ta~iiug vour own advice, ahlays to attind to what Lm about ; so whenever I sleeps I pays attintion What would probably be the last act of i castr;- -'ok ?--11is bust puff. A young fellow, the son of an eminent dncing-master, applying to a friend as to what trade or profssion it w nuld be best for him to pursue, was answered, "I think you cnnot do better than follow the steps of your father." A western editor speaking of a quilldriving contemporary, says, "sl intellect is so dense thtt it would take the augur of common sense onger to bore into it than it would to bore through Mount Blane with a boiled car rot." When you stole my first, I lost my second ; may you ever possess my whole !-Heart's ease. Why is the tread-mill like a true convert? Because its turning is the result of convic tion. You cat it, you drink it deny it who can; it is soQetimtes a woman and sometimes a man ? A toast. An editor, speaking of a large and fat co temporary, remarked that if all fleshn was grass he must be a load of hay.-"I expect I am,' said the fat man, " from the way the donkeys' are nibbing at me." ,A Word on Quarrelling.-If anything in the world will make a man feel badly, except pinching his fingers in the crack of the door, it is unquestionably a luarrel. No man ever fails to think less of himself after it than be fore. It degrades him in the eyes of others, and, wt at is worse, blunts his sensibilities on the one hand, and inerrases th) power of passionate irritability on the other. The truth is, the more peaceably and quietly we go on, the better for our neighbors. In nine cases out of ten, the better course is, ifa man cheats you, leave oft dealing with him; if he is abusive, quit his company; and if he slanders you, take care to live so that no one will be- lieve him. No matter who hs is or how he misusesyou, the wisest way is to let him alone; for there is nothing better than this cool, calm and quiet way of dealing v.ith the wrongs we meet with. A MLssro HUssBAD. --A delinquent hus band is thus advertised for in a Yankee news paper by his loving spouse :-"Lost, strayed, or stolen, an individual whom, in an unguard ed moment of loneliness, I was thoughtless enough to adopt as my husband. He is a good-looking and feeble individual, knowing enough, however, to go in H hen it rains, un less some good-looking girl offers her umbrella. Answered to the name of John. Was last seen in company with Julia Harris, walking with his arm round her waist, looking more a fool, if possible, than ever. Any one that will catch the poor fellow, and bring him carefully back, so that I may chastise himn for running away, will be asked to stay to tea by Henrietta Smith." The Digger Indtans have a splendid remedy for the small pox. When one has it, he :loses the door of his hut, kills his dog, and then shoots himself, which effectually removes the disease. Of all the dust thrown in men's eyes, gold dust is the most blinding. That young man to whom the world " owes a living" has been turned out of doors -his landlady not being willing to take the indebtedness of the world on her own shoulders. Jones is a strong believer in guardian angels. "If it were not for them'" he asks, "what would keep people from rolling out of bed when they are fast asleep? . A young lady's first love kiss has the same effect on her as being electrified. It's a great shock, but soon over. The botanists tells us there is no such Shing in nature as a black fiower. We Suppose they never heard of the " coal black Rose." A SnoBT RoMANcE -On the 5th of Octo ber, died at Frankfort-on-the-Oder, 85 years old, in the Holy Ghost Hospital, Louise Dorothea Sthulze, of Demnmin, in Pomerania. The late professor Acke;mann, friend of Theodoae Korner, and Jager in Lutzow's Freischaar, made the following commnlica. tion on the life of this extraordinary woman: -Louise Schulze fled from her home during the wedding procession to a distant church, which wedding was to bind her, by the will of her parents, to a M3eclkenburg gentleman, Vohn Hahn, whom she hated, and who was deformed. In her bridal dress she threw her self into a boat, was rowed down the Peene, and joined Schil's corps, in which she served till the taking of Stralsund, where she was made prisoner by a French soldier, who, we expect, was not deformed, for she mar ried her captor subsequently. Her hus tand fell in Spain; her only son served in the Prussian army, but died before her. She lived at Frankfort on a small Prussian pen. sion.-Athen:eum. THREE CAUsEs.-Three gentlemen being in a coffee house, one called for a dram, be cause he was hot. "Bring me another," says his companion, "because I am cold." The third, who sat by and heard them, very qui etly called out, "HIere, bo'y, bring me a glass because I like it." Pa'sic NArOLEO. has, it is said, advised King Emamanuel to abandon, for the present, his dcsigns on Rome and Venice; and to consolidate his present kingdom, so as to remove the ruinous strain upon the fin ances. 