LAYING TIIE FOUNDATION H TONE THE NEW WESLEYAN CHURCH. TtiE ceremony of laying the foundation stone of the New Wealeyan Chapel, in Patterson-street, tc,ok place yesterday afternoon, commercing at 4-past 3 o'clock. l-or an hour previous to that the street was crowded with peo-ile desirous of securing a good view of the proceedings. The Sahhaf-.ti Kitlinnl /.1,,'M.m., hum assembled m tbe present Chapel, aud were tbe first introduced to a platform om tbe site of the New Church. Then the Ladies belonging to the* congregation wero admitted to a large platform prepared for them on the west ern side of the Chapel. On the front of this was the inscription— ' Tho best of all is, God is with us,' and along the side — ' The Lord God be with us as He was with our Fathers.' At tho entrance a fine view of the New Church was displayed. Amongst the large concourse present we noticed J. W. Gleadow, John Crookes, Robertson, and William Johnstonc,Esqrs., Aldermen Barrett, liart, Norwood, and Webster ; the Revs. W. A. Quick, Spen cer Williams, W. E. Nye, — Auguin, D. Lelenu, Mack, and J. Casely. The ceremony commenced by the children Binging No. 262 of their hymns. After which the Rev. Spencer Williams gave out, and the people sang the 737th hymn. Tho Rev. J. D. Lelean offered up prayer, and tho Rev. J. Casely read the third chapter of Ezra. W. D. Grubb, Esq., deposited a metal box in a cavity under tbe stone, and then, read the following documents :— Tlie box deposited under the founda tion stouo contains: — Tbe newspapers of tho day ; The minutes of tho Australian Wes eyau Methodist Conference for tlie year 660; ^^ ? The Weslcyau Chronicle for the mouth of August, 18C0 ; The report of the Australian Wesleyan Mission for 1880 ; The Launceston Circuit phin for the present quarter ; A statement of the result of the ex amination of students at Horton College, for tbe A. A. Degree, held this mouth in Hobart Town ; . Sundry coins of the Realm ; Grains of corn ; and . A scroll of parchment, on which was 'WESLEVAN METHODIST CDUECU, LAUN ' CESTON. « Tbe foundation stone of this Church was laid in the name of the Holy Inn ty by John Crookes, Esq., on the Eighteenth -J i- n^..A ? i,«- ;?! flip uflur of oiir KbnT'f hTusand Eight hundred and Sbrty-six; in the Thirtieth year of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria ; Hi! Excellency Colonel Thomas Gore Browne, C.B.. being (Joveraor of Tas mania The Reverend William Abraham Quick, President of the Australian Con ference, and Chairman of the District of TMinviia. The Reverend Spencer Williams and the Reverend Edward Waron Nye, Ministers ol the Lauuccstou Circuit. Messrs. Isaac Sberwin Johu Ward Gleadow, John Crookes, William Hart, John Drysdale, Frank Hart, and William Dawson Grubb. of Launceston, Trustees. Messrs. Crouch and Uilaou, of Melbourne, Architects Messrs. James William Lloyd, David Scott, George Tvson and Thomas Richardson, of Lauu ceston, Contractors Mr. Haqry Oonway, Clerk of 'he Works. Estimated cost ot the building. Six Thousand Pounds. Launceston, 18th September, 1SGC. The stone was then raised and lowered into its position, under the superinten dence of Mr Harry Comvay and Air J. W. Jobii Crookes, Esq., applied a silver trowel full of mortar to the work, and said — ' In the name of God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost, I de clare this stone to be laid.' Mr Crookes then delivered an eloquent address, in which he stated that it was not m any party spirit or party feeling they were thus endeavouring to extend their society. They had been forced into this by neces sity, having for a long time past, with regret, to refuse sittings to applicants, and for this reason they required a larger place of worship than the present chapel. It was not their design to Bupplant other churches, as they rejoiced in the pros perity .of all churches that believe In Christ as their common bead; they joined with them in the labour of oppos ing sin, and would assist them in holding up the banner of the the Cross, until the knowledge of God covers the earth as the waters cover the great deep. The spread of the Gospel by the blessing of God had progressed, until China, India, Austria and Italy, glorious ! classic, old Italy, had been won by the Saviour. The Ladies were then invited to lay the purses prepared by them upon the found ation stone. About thirty elegant wrought and well filled purses were soon deposited on the corner stone and smaller contributions, naked and without purses followed, many of the children of both sexes making eagerly towardstbe stoueand placing their pieces of silver upon it. The Rev. S. Williams said that this operation might proceed quietly while the Rev Mr Quick delivered an address. The Bev. W. A. Quick said, the task set him was rather a difficult one, to attract the attention of the meeting when their attention was taken up in another way that recommended by Mr. Williams, was especially difficult. The site of the Church, he said, had been secured upon Trust deeds, as all their Church property was vested in the Conference. It might, therefore, be supposed that the Conference was a very wealthy body, but that was not the case. They had no property, no funds of their own, but had to see that the views of' the Trustees were carried out. The Church was the People's Church. This one would make 41 the Conference had charge of in this colony, aud 603 in the colonies of Australia. The Bible was their only source of religion ; they did not go to the Fathers or any other source, I but to the Word of God, which abiileth ? for ever. Mr. Quick then addressed the children. He was so rejoiced to tee so large a number present that he felt as if he could take them all in his arms and embrace them He loved to see them grow up in the fear of God. It would be something for them to say in after years that they had seen the foundation etonc of that Church laid and had placed an offering on it. but it would be tar better if they could look back to that day, hs the day on which they had given their hearts to God. ^ The National Anthem was then sung, and after that the Doxology. The bene diction was pronounced by the Rev. W. A. Quick. Three hearty cheers were given for the Queen, and the ceremony ter minated. Tbe children as they passed off the platform were each handed a cake en closed in a white and a red paper. On the latter was printed in letters of gold in a circle— 'Jesus Christ Himself bring tbe Chief CorncrStone.' 'That thine eyes may bn open towards this House night and day.' And in the centre—' In com memoration of hying the foundation stone of the Wesleyan Church, Patter son-street, Launceston, by John Crookes, Esq., September 18th, 18GG.' THE TEA MEETING. A public Tea Meeting w;ib held' in tbe large Hall of the Mechanics' Institute, commencing at half-past six o'clock. Tbe large Hall was densely crowded, ? there being nearly GOO persons present, and many could not obtain admission. Before partaking of the tea, the Rev, Mr, Williams gave out the hymn 'Be Present ut our Table, Lord,' which was sung by the choir, Mr T. Sharpo playing an accompaniment on the large organ. After tea, i hanks were sung in a simi lar manner, and afier singing the D41th hymu, the Rev W. A. Quick engaged in prayer. The Revd S. Williams called upon John Crookes, Esq., to preside. Mr. Crookes took the chair and de livered an opening address. W. D. Grubb, Esq., then read a state ment of the amounts subscribed previous to laying the stone, LB093 3s ; and the amount zollccted on the stone, L210 10s Id. The proceeds of the tea meeting ?were expected to amount to L4O. The meeting was then addressed by the EeVB. Messrs. Mack, Casely, Lelean, W. A. Qnick, 6. Williams, Auguin, W. E. The latter moved a vote of thanks to (be ladies who so ably presided at the tea. tables, which they had furnished at their own expense ; to Mr, T. Sharp for presiding at tbe organ ; and to the choir for their valuable services. A vote of thanks was moved by the Rev. S. Williams, seconded by Mr. J. W. Gleadow, to the Rev W. A Quick, for his valuable addresses that day and evening ; and to the Chairman, J. Crookes, Esq., whoilaid the foundation stone. After singing the Doxology, the Rev. W. A. Quick pronounced the benediction, and shortly after 10 o'clock the large meeting retired. 