' SEMIBAMIDE— DONE INTO PLAIN ENGLISH." The curtain uprising discloses a scene, The temple of Belus — where Babylon's Queen, Semiramide named (tho' people must need In their ignorance call her Queen Semiramide). Semiramide then had assembled together Her Court and her subjects to question them whether Arsaces or Arsaces (which I don't know — No matter) — or Assur was most comme il faut To sit on the Throne in Old Ninus' sandals, Concerning whose death there were sundry small scandals. Behold then the temple, and erst in the middle, The Sphinx, an odd party much given to riddle, A heap of young ladies, delightful to view In queer little pinnies of red and of blue. The priests too got up in a way quite artistic, By no means unlike curates ritualistic — A chorus of course to commence with — then enter In a shawl- patterned tunic resplendent, from centre, Idrenus, a swell from some jungle in Indy, Who forthwith commences to kick up a shindy With Assur — a basso (Idrenus was tenor) As to who should be King next in Babylon — when her Assyrian Majesty comes on the scene, (And by Venus she looked every inch of a Queen), Who's anxiously waiting Arsaces the bold, For whom it is said — the truth must be told She'd a little tendresse — of course not knowing then That the gallant young captain of all other men Was the last in the world she should have for a beau — And he too loved somebody else as you know — However, so 'twas in the story — when lo — There comes an explosion of thunder most dire, Sends the girls in hysterics — then puts out the fire. Now enters Arsaces— and ere he can ask it, Presents the High Priest with a Marquetrie casket Containing a scroll in choice words hieroglyphieal, (A language to construe which right, very stiff I call), Just hinting that Ninus had come to his end In a way rather shady, and matters to mend, That the Queen for his death had expressed neither sororw nor Grief, and suggesting a call on the Coroner ; But all is a mystery yet — nothing certain — Act I is completed — and down comes the curtain. Act II. The scene is now changed to an anteroom small, Leading out I should say from the banqueting hall — In Semiramis' Palace (we name her like that in The older Italian language, the Latin), When enters the Queen with Idrenus, and all The dear little pets ranged along by the wall. The Indian and she then commence a duet, He tries all he can to persuade her to let Himself be the dustman — but all is no go, She lifts her proud head as she answers him no. No mortal persuasion can evermore shake her, A ring at the bell — but it's only the baker — Mitranes I mean, with an order that he Had received from the high priest, the great Oroe, That a telegraph message from Memphis had come, Concerning, its purport Mitranes was dumb — Looked down at his boots and examined his laces, And finally introduced Captain Arsaces. The venue is altered — for now it's the queen Makes love to the captain, not like poor Idren- Us, who certainly was most decidedly sold, And snubbed for his fancy of being too bold. A shift — and behold, a magnificent view In Babylon's city — assembled a crew, All colours, all sizes— all ranks and degrees, All bowed are their heads, and all bent are their knees Before Semiramide — seated on high On her throne (made of canvass and wood by the bye). In front to the right of the stage, is the mau Soleum of Ninus — whose nail-studded doer Seems fit to resist any cannon-ball made, Most certainly able to shut in a shade — But it isn't — for lo, in the midst of the scene, The lights they burn blue, the chorus look green, A horrible rumbling is heard all around, A goose-fleshy-what's-coming-next sort of sound — The doors they fly back, and reveal to our view King Ninus, his ghost— with a dread ghastly hue- It makes all the children cry oh ! with affright ; Tho' it's all of it done by the new Calcium Light — He then tells Arsaces that he shall soon be Great Babylon's King — but then you must see There was lots to be done before that same fact Could ere be accomplished — and this brings the act To its ending according to Theatre laws—" With a couple of bouquets and lots of applause, (Of the bouquets the first made an orchestral trip — When Kitts rather cleverly caught it at slip). ( To be concluded in our next.) A 