ST. STEPHEN'S PRESBTERIIAN CHURCH. The new Presbyterian Church, Ipswich, was opened for Divine worship on Sunday last by the Rev. W. L. Nelson, Moderator of the Queensland Church, who conducted the morning service, and read the dedication prayer which was very beautiful and impressive. A very eloquent sermon was also delivered by the same gentleman, who chose for his text the 17th verse of the 14th chap. of St. Paul to the Romans— " For the kingdom of God is not meat and drink; but justice, and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost." The organ was well played by Mr. Blow, and the singing excellent and a very great improvement on what it was formerly. The evening services were conducted by the Rev. M. M'Gavin, who also preached a very impressive sermon from the last clause of the 7th verse of the 60th chap. of Isaiah-" And I will glorify the house of my glory." The church, when lighted up as it was on Sunday night by numerous lamps, presents a very imposing appearance. The music and singing in the evening was also very good. The place during both services was crowded, and we presume a very handsome collection was made. The new Church has been built on the same grounds and partly over the same site on which the old Church stood. When it was resolved that a new edifice should be erected, it was not long until the active members of the Church had inaugurated the necessary working Committee; and, after receiving designs from local and Brisbane architects, that of Mr. J. Backhouse, architect and town surveyor of Ipswich, was accepted. The style of the building is plain Gothic. It is built with freestone foundations and base; the walls of l8inch brickwork, 21 feet high, and having Portland cement dressings to angles, openings, copings, and tower. The roof is open-timbered and slate-covered, the main timbers coming down with cut knees on to internal corbles. The interior is plastered in imitation of stone, and is lined 4 feet up the sides with cedar dado plinth and capping. The tower at the western end faces the town, the ground rising from it to the east end of the Church. The base of the tower is nineteen feet square, on solid stone-work rising eight feet, surmounted with brick work, in arched openings, carrying the organ-loft, above which is the belfry, in which is hung a bell the largest and best-toned in Queensland—presented to the Church by the Hon. A. Macalister. Above the brick-work of the tower, which is elevated some sixty feet from the ground, a graceful spire, lead-covered and with gilt vane-finial, rises to a further height of sixty-two feet, making a total height of one hundred and twenty-two feet. The vestry is at the east end of the building, opening into the main body of the Church on either side of the pulpit. The approaches are by a flight of ten stone steps eight feet wide up to the tower entry, and there are similar steps to the two side porches. The fittings of the interior are of cedar throughout, the seats having solid Gothic headed ends and open backs. The lobby entry is formed with Gothic headed panel-work, and swing folding-doors, with ornamental perforated fan- lights; and over the lobby is constructed an organ-gallery, approached by a staircase in the body of the lobby. The gallery front is built with massive moulded and Gothic panel-work, and perforated spanduls; the front also having ornamental standards, rods, and curtains, above which rises the organ—a handsome instrument, in both strength and tone well adapted to the edifice. The pulpit is erected on an octagon pedestal, the body being semi-octagon, having stair approaches on either side, the whole being formed with carved, moulded, perforated, and cut cedar-work, all French polished. The book-head is furnished with silk purple velvet covering, and velvet and gold hangings. The lighting of the Church is effected—in addition to the stand and bracket lights-by eight chandeliers, of chaste and appropriate design, selected in Sydney by Mr. M'Intosh. The windows of the Church are yet incomplete. It was originally dcsigned to glaze them with common glass, but an offer having been made by the late minister of the Church, G. M. Reed, Esq., to furnish stained glase, an alteration was necessary, and the glass being ordered from England the required arrangements are made for a new system of lights and patent ventilation, also for a wheel window in the east gable. The whole cost of this alteration will be about £200. The Church has been built from the plan of Mr. Backhouse, and under his superintendence, by Messrs. Farley, Renny, and M'Hugh, builders. The sizeof the Church is eighty feet by forty, and the total cost about £3200. On yesterday evening a soiree, in commemoration of the event, took place in the School of Arts, and passed off pleasantly, though the arrangements could have been much better than they were. At about 7 o'clock upwards of 300 persons, principally children, sat down to tables which were covered with fruit and edibles of various kinds, which quickly disappeared. The Rev. W. L. Nelson occupied the chair, and on the platform were several rev. gentlemen and others. The rev. chairman, after a hymn had been sung, delivered an address congratulating the congregation on the completion of the sacred edifice, the opening of which they were commemorating, and which was far ahead of any ecclesiastical buildings in Queensland. It was a true Presbyterian building, plain simple and yet substantial. From what he had seen during his stay here, he believed that the debt at present on the building, though it might be considerable, would with a little exertion be speedily wiped away. He called on Mr. Cockburn, who read the following report: " The committee have much pleasure in laying before the present meeting a financial statement, showing the position which the members of the Presbyterian congregation occupy in reference to the building which was duly opened on the 8th instant, and consecrated as a place of Divine worship by the services which were then performed; and in making this statement they cannot refrain from first of all tendering their warmest thanks to the members of the Church in particular, and to those individuals in all other religious denominations, generally, who, by their countenance and cordial support, have enabled them to bring to a successful termination the object for which they were appointed, and the labours in which for the last twelve months they have been anxiously engaged. " The actual total amount expended on the erection of the building, and on the providing of the requisite fittings, it will be seen from the statement is £2865 4s., and of this amount the total sum as yet received in cash amounts to £739 16s. 11d., leaving a debt due of not less than £2125 7s. 11d. Against this, however, the committee are happy to say that the unpaid promissory notes and subscriptions, most of which are all good, together with the cash in the hands of the treasurer, will make a set off amounting to £615 16s. 6d., thereby reducing the absolute debt to the sum of £1479 12s. 5d., which they hope will be still further materially reduced by the proceeds of the bazaar to be held in June next, and for which great preparations are now being made. "It affords the Committee the greatest gratification to acknowledge the valuable assistance rendered to them by the lady collectors and others who have by their persevering exertions gathered in contributions, amounting in the aggregate to the sum of £1903 19s. 1d.; more especially as they are aware that this has been done under most disadvantageous circumstances, arising from the unavoidable necessity of using the School of Arts as a temporary place of worship, and that many have withheld their subscriptions on the ground that they would only subscribe when they saw the new Church opened. This difficulty having now been resolved, the Committee are sanguine that as soon as the labours attendant on getting up the bazaar are terminated, the ladies will be prepared with fresh alacrity to renew their exertions on behalf of the balance of the debt that may then remain, and will then find many ready liberally to respond to their applications who formerly stood aloof. " With reference to the expenditure which has occurred, the Committee beg to state that while they have been anxious to have everything done well that required to be done, they have throughout, to the best of their ability, paid due regard to economy in every department of the various works entrusted to their care, and they trust that the congregetion will be satisfied with their discharge of the duties devolved on them. They feel thankful that the building which has now been finished, apart from the fact of its being highly ornamental to the Town, is a structure which will remove from this community the reproach under which for many years we had laid, while, in the language of the prophet, "We all lived in our circled houses and the house of God was a waste." And they would desire to impress upon all who are interested in the great work that has so far been completed, that while there is a considerable sum yet to be raised to clear off past obligations, there are also considerable works still remaining to be done, for which fresh obligation, will sooner or later have to be incurred, viz.: altering the approaches to the Churh, fencing it in with a proper fence, painting and pointing the brick and cement work outside, &c.;, & c. And that therefore it is not by any means a time to relax their most strenuous endeavours, but rather to redouble them, that so their hands may be free for extended operations. " With regard to the windows, which are at present filled up with canvas, the Committee beg to report that they made arrangements sometime ago to put in stained glass windows, for which an order was sent to London, and they will in all probability arrive during next month, as advices have been received of their having been shipped in February last. "The Committee have, also, finally to report that they have received the following valuable donations: -viz., A very splendid bell from the Honourable A. Macalister, Esq., an excellent clock from Mr. Given, and an elegant marble baptismal font from Mr. Hawthorne, head-master of the Grammar School. " HENRY H COCKBURN, " Chairman of Committee." "Ipswich, 9th April, 1866." ST. STEPHEN'S CHURCH BUILDING FUND. In account current with H. M. Cockburn, Esq., Treasurer. 1866\. Dr. April 9. £ s., d. To cash collected by the late I.A. George, Esq. ... ... ... ... 40 19 6 ,, Cash collected by Mrs. Ogilvie ... 10 10 0 ,, Do. do. Mrs. Pettigrew .. 17 3 6 ,, Do. do. Mrs. M'Alister ... 10 12 0 ,, Do. do. Misses Wright ... 41 5 6 Do. do. Mrs. H. Campbell... 36 6 1 ,, Do. do. P.P. Anderson, Esq 20 15 0 , Do. do. J. Cameron, Esq.... 13 7 6 ,, Do. collected at the Opening Services 45 4 0 ,, Do. received in payment of promis sory niotes ...... ... ... 600 13 0 ,, Do. received by advances on promis sory notes... ... ... ...193 16 t11 ,, Do. receiredfrom Bank of NewSouth Wales, being amount oforerdrawn account ............ .. 1995 12 6 £2929 5 6 To Balance in lhand ... ... ... £64 1 6 1866\. Cn. April9. £ s. d. £ o..d. ByLashpaidcotraoctre for building ..... ... 2346 1 9 ,, Cash paid architect conm mission ... ... 56 5 O ,,Cash pidiron'work ... 9 2 O ,, Cash psaid superintend ing oundation ... 5 0 0 ,, Cash paid plans, &. ;... 10 0 0 S2426 8 9 , Do. for fittings... ... ... 840 15 3 Do. interest on Bank account... 50 3 10 ,, Do. discount on promissory notes . .. 32 011 ,, Do. incidental expenses ... 8 5 3 ,, Do. insurance... ....... 7 10 0 ,, Balance in hand ... ... ... 64 1 6 £2929 5 6 The Rev. M. M'GAVIN said he had a duty assigned to him which he had great pleasure in performing. It was to move the adoption of the report. He agreed with Dr. Nelson that the Church was the neatest, most commodious, and substantial in the colony, and in fact all the colonies. He congratulated the congregation and the pastor of the church on its completion, and concluded by moving the adoption of the report. Mr. SMITH seconded the motion, and said it was a matter for great sorrow to the congregation that their rev. pastor was unable to attend at the opening of the Church or at that meeting through illness. It was to be hoped that ere long the Almighty God would be pleased to restore him to good health. Another matter for regret was the debt on the Church, but that was not so very dark a cloud: the bright eyes of the ladies were irresistible in collecting money, and he trusted that the bazaar which would take place in June next would be a means of clearing off the whole debt, or at least raising such a sum that the committee of management could easily manage the rest. He thanked the meeting for the hearing which they had given him, a stranger amongst them, and had great pleasure in seconding the adoption of the report. The report was unanimonsly adopted. The Rev. Mr. OGG, of Brisbane, then delivered a lengthy address, in the course of which he said he was now quite ashamed of the humpies they have in Brisbane, after visiting the splendid Church they had erected in Ipswich. He sincerely regretted the illness of the pastor of the Church, but he was happy to hear that he was likely soon to be again in a good state of health, and able to return to his arduous duties. No doubt his ailment was that of being broken down by over exertion in the labour of the gospel. The rev. gentleman then referred to the missions to the Islands of Polynesia, and explained at length the foremation of the Coral Islands, especially the New Hebrides. He strongly recommended that children should, in Ipswich, collect for the Foreign Missions. He concluded by praying that God would shortly restore the much respected pastor of the church to his eongregation. The Rev. Mr. CALDWELL explained the present state of Presbyterianism in Queensland, and stated that there are at present 12 congregations in connection with the Church is the colony, and two of these are without pastors ; namely, those of Warwick and Maryborough. During the year there had been five new ministers added to the Church, and five new congregations had been raised at Springsure, Gladstone, Dalby, Roma, and that of Fortitude Valley, Oxley, and the Bald Hills, the latter being under his own control. The addition to the Church had been upwards of 61 per cent., for which there was reason to be thankful to the Creator. The supply of ministers was quite inadequate for the work required to be done in the cause. Half of the Presbyterians were without any religious pastor, for it was impossible for 13 ministers to attend to the wants of upwards of 12,000 persons connected with the Church at present in the colony. In order to supply the inadequacy, application had been made to the Home Church and an answer was received, stating that money would be forwarded to assist the mission, and that two ministers would be forwarded, who would receive £50 per year from the home funds for the first three years of their labours in the colony. He exhorted the meeting to come forward liberally and make some provision for those who are now sparitually unprovided for in the colony. (Applause.) The Rev. Mr. LOVE delivered a long and spirited address in defence of the principles of Presbyterianism, and in refutation of charges against it which were groundless. ie reviewed the Church from its foundation to the present day, and exhorted all to true Christian feeling. He was followed by the Rev. M. McGAvin, on the subject of Church music, the report of which will appear in our next issue. Other speakers then addressed the meeting, which concluded with the doxology and the benediction at about half-past 10 o'clock. 