V0ND00ISM. i.o give our readers some idea of the intellec tual capacity of the negroes down South the fol lowing description of their Vondooism, or fetish worship, will serve better, perhaps than pages of disquisition. The narritive is by an eyewit ness : — ''In the good old days of Louisiana when Lafitte was doing his quiet little business alone tne .Lake shore, and Barataria was synonymous with the Isle of Pines — when gendarmes stood on the corners of the streets of New Orleans, and watchmen with club and rattle and leather cap were not — in those good old days Vondooism was religitusly believed in by all the coloured population, and by not a few of those whose colour should have been a guarrantee of more in telligence. For years past the infernal rites of this dark superstition have been conducted near New Orleans, only at long intervals, and with the utmost secrecy. The police succeeded in one instance, some twelve years since, in making a clean haul of the negroes, including the prin cipal Fetish man, and an old Obi woman (natives of Africa), and all the charms, &c;, used in the incantations. We have heard of such scenes as these being enacted in or near Mobile by the negroes, but never till- last night did we witness anything of the kind in this city. In company with a few policemen, we went to a house situated beyond the gas works, and occupied by an old negro who claims to be an Obi man. Approach ing the house very carefully, and peering through the crevices of the walls, a wild, wierd spectacle was presented. Around a small fire of pine in the middle of the floor, or room, for floor there was none, and over which was hung a pot, sat a group of negro men and women entirely naked, their hair or wool twisted in pigtail curls and ornamented with sprigs of some kind of herb intermingled with dried roots, their eyes closed : the master of ceremonies or high fetish priest, with a snake skin around his neck, and his wool grizzled with age and garnished more profusely than the rest was chanting something in a dron ing voice, while the remainder of the ' congrega tion' responded as it were, with a low and long drawn howl The old negro with the snake skm clapped his hands, and the whole party rose and commenced a most furious stamping in a circle round the pot. This being over, they all squatted down again, and the ' Obi man' re sumed his ehaunt, at the same time holding in liis hand a covered basket, from which he drew and dropped into the pot— first a 'dead snake next a frog, then a young alligator or lizard, and last of all, the herbs and roots of his own and the heads of the other negroes. Silence was observed by all for some minutes after the last deposit had been made, after which the pot was taken from the fire, and while the nauseating mixture was yet reeking hot, they each dipped the end of the middle finger of the left hand into it, and applied the end their finger to their tongues ; another clip into the pot was made with the middle of the right hand, and certain cabalistic figures described on the breasts, fore head, and shoulders- one assisting the other in Jhp,-r°Piei3 \ ?? a WOrd was sP°ken until their clothes had been resumed, and they had got clear of the house. Although on high occa sions the Irtish or 'Old man' may demand a. human sacrifice m his inhuman rites, and whici;' ?£ ?4? I1* Sener^a.yeung dhUd, nothing of! wnw f i w.as.aitemPted in the Vondoo-pow-: woSd of, mght-, Th«P«wnce of the polkei vould, of course, have prevented anything of! i this nature, had it ever been thought necessary- ' by the 'old negro conducting the affair.' Old'' ' negro women were sometimes 'used up' as 'material' in these meetings, at Vondooton. near New Orleans, one of whom escapad the sacrificial knife on one occasion, and caused the arrest of the whole gang. The Tower of London.— The Tower is the the most haunted ground in London, and it would be strange if it were not, remembering the tragedies that were acted there during many successive centuries. An old tradition affirms that the mortar used in the original construction' was tempered vith the blood of wild beasts ? and' certainly a bloody spirit seems to have brooded heavily over the old building throughout th« dark ages, and even as late as the time of the becond Pretender, if we may not say up to 1820 in which y«ar Arthur Thistlewood, of the Cato street conspiracy, was imprisoned in the Tower ' previous to being hanged at the Old Bailer' JNot only have many miserable wretches lain within those walls, eating their hearts in despair until they have been taken out on to the scaffold and beheaded, but a list of six persons secretelv murdered there— beginning with Henry V] Raiding with Arthur Capel, Earl of Essex j (1M8)— maybe derived from its annals The gloomy old fortress, with its Bloody Tower and its Traitors' Gate, ought to be, and is, the strong- v ^\ hold of ghosts It is believed by some that * the spirit of Raleigh yet glides about the place; and a chamber in the Bloody Tower' the walls of which are adorned with ??- paintings representing men put to the torture is said to be permanently haunted. Recently, Mr. Edward Lenthal Swifte, formerly keeper of the crown jewels in the Tower, has put forward an extraordinary narrative of an -* appearance which he saw in the Jewel house in the year 1817. One night in October, about' twelve o clock, as he, his wife, their little boy ' and his wife's sister, were sitting at supper his wife, when about to drink a glass of wine and water, suddenly exclaimed : ' Good God ' What is that ?' Mr. Swifte looked up and saw a cylindrical figure, like a glass tube, seemingly about the thickness of his arm, hovering be tween the ceiling and the table. It appeared to' be filled with a dense, fluid, white and pale azure incessantly rolling and mingling within the cy- « ™ a Jn about Wo minu*es it moved towards j,, lte.« sister5 then passed before the boy a? a 5Vlfte' and '^mately floated behind' Mrs. bwifte, who instantly crouched down, covered her shoulders with both hands, and ex*' claimed, in the utmost terror— 'Oh, Christ It has seized me!' Mr. Swifte caught up his' chair, and struck at the wainscot behind her ? then rushed up stairs into the children's room'' and told the nurse what he had seen. The phantom had previously crossed the tipper end' i of the table and disappeared. The strangest® part of the business is, that neither the sister m-law nor the boy saw anything of this appear- ? * I ance. Mr Swifte says he is bound to state that. $ shortly before the event, some young lady resi- I dents m the Tower had been suspected of . g making phantasmagorial experiments at «,a,v. 1 windows ; but he alleges that those windows-. '% did not command any in his dwelling, and on 1 the night m question the doors were all closed,, 6 and heavy dark cloth curtains were let down % over the casements. The only light in the room 1- was that of two candles on the table. Very 4 shortly after this strange affair, one of the night- ft sentries of the Jewel-office was .alarmed by the ? ' f figure of a huge bear issuing from underneath i the door ; he thrust it with his bayonet, which I stuck m the door, and he then dropped in a fit ? I and in two or three days died. The serjeant. '' k declared that such appearances were not uncom- ? I mon The sentry, it is alleged, was not asleep- 1 nor drunk at the time ; but he may have been I on the eve of a fit from natural causes, and the- * vision may have been the result of his state of - I health. Mr. Swifte's vision is more difficult to- i account for, from the fact of its having been. ; seen by two of the persons present, and not by tne two others ; yet one cannot very well «ive a supernatural interpretation to so absurd and purposeless an appearance.- ? ' London in Books,' in All the Year Round. '. A Curiosity. -We saw, recently, at the ' roomsof the Porcland Railway Company some, thing which excites the attention of naturalists : and physiologists, It is a piece of the bark of the yellow birch about four feet long, taken / f from a^tree about thirty miles from Quebec *'??-) about 30 years since. On this bark is the form A 1 of a man or Minimal The form does not appear f to be connected with the bark round the sides, ': — , r^i . * utJltiS near tne centre. . The legend of the curiosity is that long years aero a Catholic priest was siezed by the Indians, his . face split open and his body then lashed to the tree, where it remained until turned into wood. The form on the bark shows marks of where a cord or something else was lashed around the body. Ihe relic Avas in possession of a Catholic for 68 years, and then fell into the hands of Mr Hough former Sheriff of Quebec, from whom it was obtained by M. G. Palmer of this city. It will probably be exposed for exhibition. —Port land Presi. Ady.—Holloway s Pills— Diarrhoea and Bowel Complaints. —These maladies' are ever present, ami if lett unattended frequently terminate fatally. It should be everywhere known that both cholera and diarrhoea depend on the presence of some undigested substance in the stomach and bowels, or some dele terious matter in the Wood, and that Holloway's Pills can expel either with ease and expedition They concentrate in a surprising degree purifying, altera tive, regulating .and strengthening qualities, and thus exert over every internal organ the whole somely, controlling influence so necessary for sub duing excessive action in the human frame. Hollo' ways medicine maybe advantageously taken as « means of keeping the blood pure and. the body coo ? —the only practical plan of maintaining health in youth, manhood, and old age. . : A kind of angling that doesn't always take— b ishing for complements. 