THE PRINCIPLES AND ISSUES OF THE AMERICAN STRUGGLE. ? » The following is the extract from Blackwood's Magazine, referring to the intolerance of the New England Puritans in the United States, of which Mr. Macleay made aueh able use in the debate upon the third reading of the Education Bill. Telling and suggestive as it is, it by no means depicts the most repulsive traits in the character of these self -constituted 'saints' : — Puritanism, which defeated all subsequent attempts to extend slavery into the territories of the Union, would not have been able to pro pulpit, or had discarded the notion that the union of the States rendered Massachusetts or Connecticut responsible for the manners, the laws, or the institutions of Mississippi and the CaroHnas. But when it avowed revolutionary principles, and established a propaganda, with ramifications in every State, to produce political action and destroy the pre-existing order of things, Puritanism threw down a gauntlet which Conservatism was compelled to lift. Puritanism in the abstract — as confined to the pulpit and the household — deserves to be spoken of with the respect due to all that is earnest and conscientious. It may be, and doubtless is, a very good thing to those who believe in it — and no harm to any one else, pro vided always that its disciples keep their faith to themselves, and do not strive to enforce it by fire or sword, or physical or legal compulsion, upon the consciences of those who hold different opinions. But this is not the cha racter of Puritanism in America. It appears to be of its essence that it shall persecute. The Puritans, love liberty for themselves ; but if any one out of their pale shall presume to set a different interpretation upon liberty, whether political, social or religious, Puritanism is up in arms to coerce him 'for his soul's good.' vy ucu xr uxibammu fci-uu.ui.eu -cmgituiu 111 w nays of Elizabeth, James, and Charles, none was such a stickler for liberty as the Roundhead — the then representative of a class of men who, had they lived in Spain, would have been inquisitors, and condemned heretics to the stake without compunction. Not even Pope Hildebrand him self was more of a pope, and more infallible in his own conceit, than the untitled popes who in and out of the pulpits of New England, dealt damnation upon the heads of all who presumed they could go to heaven through some other wicket than that which Puritanism set up and narrowed. When the Roundhead grasped the power which he had long desired, but could not earlier obtain, he was a tyrant of the strictest and most odious type. When the Puritan suf fered for his religion in England, and resolved to shake off the dust of his natal earth from his defiled shoes, liberty to worship God after his own fashion. was his first demand, and the fun damental article of his creed. When he arrived in the New World, and founded colonies, of which he was the lord, with none to overmaster him, the inherent intolerance of his nature broke out ; the persecuted became the persecutor, . and the meek man of God the unrelenting enemy of every one's faith but his own. He excommunicated the Quakers, he burned witches ; he made it sin to look happy or take rational pleasure on the Sunday, which he insisted with the Jews, on calling the Sabbath. He enacted the famous 'Blue Laws' of Connecticut, and vied in the rigidity of his outward religion with the famous Cameronian, recorded in song, who solemnly put his cat to death . ' For killing of the Lord's own mouse Upon the Sabbath day.' Of the fourteen offences punishable with death by the Puritan ' Blue Laws'' of Connecticut, in addition to murder and such other offences as were liable to the same doom in civilised Eurooe. the following, derived from the Mosaic law, deserve record, as showing the utter intolerance of the Puritan mind : — First, If any man, after legal conviction, shall have or worship any other god but the Lord God, he shall be put to death. Second, If any person shall blaspheme the name of God the Father, Son, or Holy Ghost, with direct, express, or presumptuous blasphemy, or shall curse in the like manner, he shall be put to death, lhivd, If any person committeth adultery with a married or espoused wife, the adulterer and aduliereti shall be put to death, fourth, Li any child or children, above six years old, and of sufficient understanding, shall curse or smite their natural father and mother, he or they shall be put to death. Fifth, If any man have a stubborn and rebellious son, of sufficient years and understanding — namely, sixteen years of age — who will not obey the voice of his father or mother, and that, when they have chastened him, will not hearken unto them, then may his father and mother lay hold him, and bring him to the magistrates assembled in court, and tes tify that their son is stubborn and rebellious, and will not obey their voice and chastisement, but lives in sundry notorious crimes, tueh a son shall be tut. to dtath.' The other States of New England did not all go so far in their Draconic Puritanism as Connecticut ; but they approached her very nearly, and enacted sundry law* of a nature which were never initiated by the Southern States of the Union. The slave-trade was not one of the offences at which the piety of New England was originally shocked ; and these zealous pioneers of American liberty, who Jit England in the Mayflower, exterminated ed Indians, sold or bought alavoa, and pat LuJtorat to .4-atii wifefe tqaal rettdia**, ? Safe this en passant. The object of this paper is not to depict the religious or moral, but the political character of the Puritans of America, and to show how their political action broke up for a time, if not for all time (which remains to be proved), the great American Republic, as it previously for a time, and happily not for all time, broke up the English monarchy. The 'holier than thou' assumption, which lies at the bottom of their intolerance, may amuse the laughing or grieve the weeping philosopher, but it is of no social or political moment when con fined within the family, the place of worship, or even the public meeting; but when it wields political power, and makes laws beyond its own sphere, and enforces, or endeavours to enforce, those laws by the strong right hand of authority, its assumption becomes too great for endurance ; and not only the instinct, but the reason of mankind revolts against ifc. The great poli tical errors of American Puritanism were — interference with matters beyond its scope a perversion of the intent and meaning of the Union, and a course of political action on every subject inconsistent with republicanism, and certain, if carried out to victory, to replace the Republic by an imperial, or worse still, by a theocratic despotism. That the Puritans should be the rulers of a continent in which every child should be taught to read the Bible with a Puri tan interpretation ; in which no man or woman should be allowed to absent him or her self from the conventicle on the ' Sabbath' day, except in case of sickness, physical inability or over powering necessity ; in which there should be no difference of social position or political right on account of the colour of the epidermis ; in which moreover, no one, young or old, fermented liquors, except under medical prescription, duly proved, — were but a few of the articles of the Puritan faith, as developed in America. Ima gining erroneously that all which such a State as Connecticut or Maine could do within its own boundaries, if it had a majority of the people to support it, the Congress of the United States could do ; for the whole Union. Puritanism for many years devoted its extraneous energies to two of these favourite topics — the abolition of slavery, and the abolition of intemperance, throughout the whole of the United States. It agitated these questions systematically and per tinaciously, in and out of season, through evil and good repute. The much-drinking people of the Northern and Southern States resisted this usurpation of authority, and the attempt to make them temperate bv Act of Conerress : while the slave-holding people of the South met the pro posal to abolish slavery, without their consent, by an oppsition which the Puritans thought exceedingly wicked, but which everybody else thought exceedingly natural. 'Be as righteous as you 'please,' said the South to the Northern abolitionists, ' but let us alone. If slavery be a wrong, or a crime— which you assert, but which we deny — you at least are not responsible for its existence. You admit that you have no right to meddle with it in Cuba ; we assert that you have as little right to meddle with it in South Carolina. You cannot touch it in Brazil ; neither can you touch it in Louisiana, except by breaking the Federal com pact, and declaring war against the constitution vhich you have sworn to defend.' The bulk of the people used the same arguments, but with less bitterness, against Puritan teetotalism and the Maine Liquor Law : 'Let Maine drink of the. wells and pumps, and refresh itself only ?with tea and ginger- beer, if the people of Maine are so disposed. They are free to drink out of the ditches if they like ; and we are free to drink more agreeable potions, if we prefer them. There is a set of so-called philosophers who object to beefsteaks and mutton- chops, and all other animal food. Let them eat pota toes if they please, and vary the diet with cabbages and carrots ; but shall we not slay our ox and eat him in a free country ?' The Puri tans did not see the force of these arguments. They believed it to be their ' mission' to enforce their doctrine, even at the cost of political revo lution if need were ; and though ultimately laughed out of their notion, even among their own people, as regarded compulsory abstinence from the 'wine that gladdeneth the heart,' and the beer that is food to the labourer, they remained staunch to. the slavery question, and. were, to the extent of their means and oppor tunities, as ruthless in enforcing their ideas as the early Mohammedan sultans in cramming the Koran down the throats of unbelievers at the point of the sword. 