..' ' THE -AST DAY. ' The proclamation of his Excellency the Gover nor, inviting ministers of all denominations; with their congregations, to humble themselves before the Giver of all good gifts, and.beseech Him iri: His wisdom ' to relieve the colony from the dread ful consequences likely to result from a continuance of the present drought, and to pray Him to send us rain, to gladden the heart of man and rejoice the earth, was very generally re sponded to in the city and suburbs yesterday. All business was suspended, and the quietude of the Sabbath prevailed. Along the lines of rail way, traffic was stopped during divine service. The churches and chapels were thrown open, and the exhortations of ' the ministers were listened to with ..devout .attention. The cala mitous resnlts to , be apprehended from the . absence of rain were very forcibly pictured, and the experience of other countries was brought to bear in order to show how fortunate the colony has been in having escaped visitations which have befallen others from similar causes. In South Australia , prayers have been daily offered up for some time past, for the relief of the country in the Far North, where last jear 235,152 sheep, and 28,850 head of oattle perished ; and if no rain is obtained the destruction during the present summer will be fourfold. The pastoral tenants in this colony are experienc ing' similar losses, whilst , the , agricul tural and mining population are almost un able to continue their ordinary pursuits. Following the example of South Australia, special services for rain were, held about a month ago by' the . Wesleyan body in this colony at the desire of,the President of the Australian Wesley an Conference » and in; the. Ohurch of . England and the Itoinan Catholic Church, . collects have during the past month been, read every, Sabbath, of a similar purport. Whatever views may be entertained of the results. likely to follow these appeals, it is highly creditable to the good sense of the. commu nity.to have to record the decorum manifested during the day. The services at the various churches and chapels in the city and suburbs are appended. : :;.,? MELBOURNE. : .,?- st. james's- church. At this church, which was crowded, the Right Bev. the Lord Bishop of Melbourne preaohed. He took for his text the 20 th and 21st verses of the 26th chapter of the Prophet Isaiah, as follows :— ' Come; my people, enter thou into thy chambers, and ' shut thy door? about thee ; hide thyself as it were for a little moment, until the indignation be over past. For, behold, the Lord cometh out of his place to punish the inhabitants of the earth for their ini quity.' His lordship addressed himself to the subjeot of the drought, characterising it as a visitation of the Lord's for the sins of the people. He referred to the practice t»f the Legislative Assembly in com mencing their ; proceedings without prayer, and to 'the habit which prevailed of running pleasure trains on the Sabbaths, as sins of a national, character. ? . A special service, was prepared for ' this and all the other Episcopalian churches, which, besides the selections from the Psalms and Lamentations, com prised the two following collects:— Almighty and most merciful God, at whose bidding the heaven is shut up, and there is uo rain, have com passion upon us, we beseech thee, in this time of our necessity. We acknowledge, that by our forgetf ulness of thee and ingratitude for the bounties of thy provi dence, by our misuse of thy gifts, and by our strifes and divisions among ourselves, we have deserved thy righteous punishment : yet, O Lord our God; in judg ment remember mercy. Though our iniquities testify against us, spare us for thy Name's sake. , Deliver us from the evils under which we are suffering; and. pre i serve us from those greater evils of which we , are ap prehensive.' Give unto : us the, rain |now|so greatly needed, both for keeping alive the flock's and herds and for carrying on the mining operations throughout the land. Grunt unto us also thy grace, that, as we now call upon thee for succor under- the pressure of our distress, so hereafter, when thou shalt have heard \ our cry, and removed from us thy chastisement, we may show our thankful remembrance of thy goodness ! by our godliness and righteousness, our ..temp erapce and sobriety, our Christian union and concord, our liberal distribution of thy manifold gifts, our zeal for thy glory, and our chanty toward all men. Giant this, O heavenly Father, for the 'sake of thine, only begotten Son, and our only Mediator and Advocate with thee, the Lord Jesus Christ.' Amen. ' O most gracious QoA, who art kind to the unthank ful and the evil, we humbly acknowledge that we have not manifested a due sense of the manifold blessings which we have received at thy hands. Through our neglect of thine ordinances, and misuse of thy bounties, offences have been multiplied, and thy holy name pro faned in the land. Yet, O Lord our God, forsake us not utterly ; hut continue to us thy lovingkindness, as unto thy servants in the days of old. ' Pour forth upon all orders of men amongst us the enlightening and sanctifying influence of thy Holy Spirit. . , Take away allungodliuess and iniquity, all infidelity' and super stition, and establish among us true religion and piety; that we may he a people fearing thee and wqik ing righteousness. Give us grace seriously to lay to heart thegreat dangerB we are in by our unhappy divi sions ; and grant unto us that we may henceforth bp all of one heart and one soul, united in one holy bond of truth and peace, of faith and charity, and may with one rniud and one mouth glorify thee; through our Lord Jesus Christ, to whom with thee, O father, and with the Holy Ghost, be all honor and glory for ever. Amen. ,''?'' ' st. paul's church.' ?' The Rev. S. L. Chase conduoled the services at St. Paul's. Here, too, there was a very large at tendunce, much larger, indeed, than' on, ordinary Sunday mornings. He chose for his text part of; the 14th verse of the 7th chapter of Eoclesiastes— ; ' In the day of prosperity be joyful, but in the1 day of adversity consider.' The before mentioned extraordinary services preceded the sermon, which was an eloquent and appropriate one. At the close of tho. service a collection was made on behalf of the Benevolent Asylum, and was liberally responded to. THE REV. I. HETHERINGTON's CHURCH, COLLINS 6TREET. At this church there was above an average Sunday, attendance. The pastor, who himself officiated, preaohed from the 1st verso of the 97th Psalm :— ' The Lord reigneth, let the earth rejoice.' The Bermon was eminently applicable to the occasion. A! special prayer for rain waB.. offered up in the earlier part of the service. ?.' .,.;,.:; . ! _8T. Enoch's united presbyteriah church. ? ;The Rev. A. M. Ramsay, the pastor, who con-' ducted the services at this church, after, praise, ar)d special prayer for rain, read Daniel, 9th chapter, with accompanying remarks. He then preached shortly from Isaiah, 9th, chapter and 13th verse :— 'For the people turneth not unto Him that smiteth them; neither do they seek the Lord of Hosts.' Mr Ramsay had improved the dispensa tion of the .drought the previous evening at the weekly prayer meeting. The attendance yesterday was remarkably good, considering that in conse quence of the arrangement for' the day not having been known to the paBtor, the services were only resolved on the night before. THE SYNAGOGUE. This place of worship was more densely thronged than on any previous occasion since its' erection, by a mixed assemblage of followers of the Hebrew and Christian f aiths, ? the latter constituting a very considerable proportion of the audience. The service was performed by the Rev. A..B. Davies, of Sydney, who delivered an elaborate discourse in vindication of the custom of : offering up prayers for rain in seasons of drought. The practice is one of frequent recurrence amongst the Jewish people, and it has always been the rule on such occasions to present to the synagogue a money offering for the, relief of the destitute portion of the community, to be distributed by the /. governing body of the. synagogue; '; To provide this offering a collection was made, yesterday, and a sum of about £200 was raised, and duly handed over; to the authorised re cipients, in trust for those to whose use it will ulti mately be applied; ':????????; .?: ,-. : ST. KILDA. ?.....; .... ;v CHRIST CHURCH. i The congregation of Christ Church attended Divine service yesterday morning, when the Rev. D. Seddon .took his text from the 12th verse of the 26thchapter of Isaiah, as follows: — 'Lord, thou wilt- ordain peace for us,,for Thou also: hast wrought all our. works in us.' The rev. gentleman re marked. that it was one of God'a holy , and fatherly ways to call them together at. various periods, to in dulge in more than ordinary thoughtfulness, self inquiry, and prayer. He then pointed out the necessity of appealing to, the Almighty, in order that the fearful consequences of a pro tracted drought might be' averted ; and referred to the extrordinaiy sufferings which people had undergone in the time . of the famines of twenty years ago. He also remarked upon the painful circumstances which attended the American war, the cotton famine, and the present plague which existed amongst the cattle in England. He next adverted to -the continued drought in this and the adjoining colonies. ' The present evils, lie said, were great, but those with which they were threatened, were still greater. Hence the very great necessity which existed for the people to call upon God for his special help in their painful need. The rev. gentleman here refered to the objections made by certain persons, in respect to the duty of prayer under this and similar emergencies, who urged that Buuu pruuuttuiiigH were uerogaiury 10 me uivine character, as1 being an attempt to alter the established laws of nature. ' Such objections implied that Godihe Creator is bound by not only his ^owri laws, but by the very narrow limits of those of which' we are observers ; and it also im plied that a'large number of the promises contained in the Bible were untrue. In addition to the ordi nary service, 'special prayers, appointed ,by the Bishop, were read ; and instead of the usual cantiole, ' Venite Exultemus,' passages from Lamentations and the 145th Psalm were chanted. Special Psalms, namely, the 32ad, 90th, and 130th were likewise sung ; and the ' Te Deum ' and ' Benediotus ' were also performed. The hymns sung were Cowper's i' God moves in a mysterious way,' and Cotton's ' Almighty' Father, God of grace.' The^Epistle, Gospel, and collect, were those appointed to be; used on Ash Wednesday. ! ? WESLEYAN; CHURCH, FITZROY- STREET. . At this church,, yesterday morning, the Rev. J. S. Waugh delivered a very excellent discourse, founded on the 14th chapter, of Jeremiah, to a large congre gation.. The various Wesleyan bodies, throughout the colony, some few weeks ago, . held a day of , ha-', imiliation and prayer under similar circumstances, t by direction of the President of the Wesleyan Con ference. I SOUTH YARRA. ' \ ': . . ., ?'. ; -? ' ALL SAINTS CHURCH. The Rev. Mr Gregory officiated at the abova church, yesterday, and preaohed from the 23rd and four following verses of the 2nd /chapter of Joel,1 which are as follows : — ' Be glad, then, ye chil dren of Zion, and rejoice in the Lord your God, for he hath given you the former rain, moderately ; and he will cause to come down for you the rain ; the former raiu and the latter rain in the first- month., And the floors shall be full of wheat, and the vats shall overflow with wine and oil. And I will restore to you the ears that the locust hath eaten ; the canker worm and the caterpillar, and the palmer worm ; my great army; which I sent among you. And ye shall eat in plenty, and be satisfied,' and praise the name of the Lord your God, that hath dealt won derously with you, and thy people shall never be ashamed., Arid ye shall know that I am in the midst of Israel, und that 1 am the Lord your God and none else, and my people shall never be ashamed.' The rev. gentleman, who delivered a most elcq'ient address, was listened to with marked attention Dy a numerous congregation. COLLINGW00D. : , -??? ST. MARK'S.. ' '.'.?!. At St. Mark's Church special services were held at eleven a.m. and seven p.m., the former being con ducted by the incumbent, the Revy Robert Bun-owes Barlow, and the latter by that rev. gentleman's brother, the Rev. John Barlow. At the morning service. a sermen appropriate to the occasion was preaohed by the incumbent, who took for his text the 9th Daniel, 14th verse : ?' Therefore hath the Lord watched upon the evil and brought it upon us, for the Lord our God is righteous in all his works which He doeth.for we obeyod not Hia voice.' There were between 400 and 500 persons present on the occasion, the church being well filled. A col lection was made for the benefit of the poor, which realised a sum of £5 0s 9d. A morning service was also held in the Congregational Church; Victoria parade, by the Rev. Mr Fielding, and was moderately well attended. In the Wesleyan Church, Brunswick-street, tho Rev Mr Millard held prayer meetings ;at seven a.m. and eleven a.m., at the , - former of whioh there were about: 300,. and at the . ,; ?latter about 600 persons in attendance. - : '., ,^ . ., , ?..', / EMERALD-HILL. ; ;j. ;; ?? ,-s ,i.; ... , CHURCH OF ENGLAND. ; ?' ? ) ]' . ' ' ..' '^ ' At the Church of England, Emerald-hill, , the/;' t- Rev. Mr Dickenson selected for his text Joel, s'e con'd ? , '[.., f chapter, and fifteenth and following yerses : ' 15. ', Blow the trumpet, Zion, sanctify afasfc,. call a solemn ,.!'. assembly; 16. Gather the ? people, sanctify .the ,', congregation, assemble the elders, gather the children ?, and those, that suck at the- breasts; let the bride groom go forth of his chamber, and the bride out of her closet; 17. Let the priests and ministers of the Lord weep between the porch and the altar, and let , them say, Spare thy people, O Lord; and' give not thine heritage to reproach, that the heathen- ? should rule over them; wherefore should they say '? among the people. Where is their God ?, 18. Then ' will the Lord be jealous for his Jand arid pity his j people. 19. Yea, the Lord will' answer arid say unto his people, Behold I will send you corn; and' :r:' wine, arid oil, and ye shall be satisfied therewith; : and I will no more make you a reproach among ? the heatheni' The reverend geritleman^ 'iri': ? dealing with the nubjecfc of his ' discourse', ' entered at length into the J nature1 of ? the ' ?-? day, and the reasons why it had been' -; set apart as a day of fast and humiliations ; A ;; special call had been made to the people of the ' ' colony to offer up their prayers to the Almighty to ' avert any impending calamity that might be hover- ''??; ing over them. The position of the colony arid; i Australia was like that of the Jews in the days of ' Joel, when they were called upon to offer uup! their i prayers for rain, and a reinoval of the northern' » army. If the people went to the Lord in the fullness^ ;? of their heart, acknowledging his watchful care '? lov- :- ?! them, the Lord would listen to them l-P '?'?' '^ -'i'i' PRESBYTERIAN CHUKCH. .,.-.'[' .: ', .',! S At the Presbyterian Church, Emerald-hill^ the .? Rev. H.Macdonald preached before a very -numer.ous.cj congregation an eloquent sermon, selecting for his ' text II Chronicles, 6ihchap., 25th and 27 th verses':-—: ,,! ' When the heaven is shut up, and1 there is no rainV;i7 because they have sinned against thee, yet if they., c: pray toward this place, and confess thy iume,' and -j turn from their sin when thou dost- tmict . them; then hear thou from heaven, and' for-./ give the sin of thy servants, and: of thy; .- people Israel, when thou hast taught ?. them .. the good way wherein they should walk, and send rain upon the land which thou hast given unto thy : people for an inheritance.' The rev. gentleman in opening his discourse, directed the attention of his hearers to the distinction between praying for things d of the soul and things of the body. '? Our bodies' : temporal affairs and earthly existence were bound up with earthly things. Our health, ,; comfort and prosperity depended, humanly speakr. ;?£ ing, on such _ earthly things as soil, climate weather and rainfall. Upon certain ocoasione, we were. called upon to take such subjects to the Throne of Grace. Water was one of. the first necessaries of [ the body and the earth. Wheu; that commodity ,' was abundant, people thought nothing of, it, and it' ' was only when its want was felt that their thoughts '.; became directed to it. Health, life, and in- 'f dustry depended upon it. The reverend 'eentto-!!-! man then illustrated the value of water as indi: cated .in many' of jthe, figures of Scriptufei.'') The_ text_ specially pointed out the God of nature',;' causing his rain to fall in a measure to work his pur- a pose.^ The duty of the people at a season of drought was, first, to recognise God's hand ;? se'coridly, to take gailt to themselves ; and, thirdly! to turn from their unbelief. They might rest assured that, when it - wa?, God's will to chastise his people by famine or ,' pestilence, the evil was brought upon ''them' by their carelessness or sin. At such times' :e'ach' ! ought to go to the sanctuary in public arid ?- acknowledge their great sin* arid God's righteoui u dealing. God intended his present- aotions for, good, but for good only to those whoaccepted his I corrections in the right spirit. A collection was ,1 made at the close of the service on behalf of the .:!? poor. In the evening, the Rev; W. Moir,' of '. Sti - Eilda, conduoted the eervice and preaohed to a* large congregation. .. . , , ..-,. „ ? . - T~^ ; — : — ; — ? ?.;,.: ???''; {,'':\ The head-quarters band will perform,' this Rafter-:! noon, from four to six o'clock, at the Botanical7 Gardens :—l, ' Coronation March,' Meyerbeer ; ;'2|' ..' quadrille, ' Linda,' d' Albert ; 3, selection, ' Tnn-l credi,'. Rossini; 4,, overture, ' Preoiosa,' Weber,; , 5, waltz, ' Grafenberger,' Gung'l; '6, selection,: ' Martha,' Flotow; 7, galop, 'Field Day,'' Siede. ? At the weekly meeting of the executive bomrnittee ' of the Immigrants' Aid Society, held on Thursday, ! the superintendent made the following return:-—. Number of inmates in the home as reported last week, 206 ; admitted since, 65 ; persons who have received out- door relief, 263,- or 65 families. 'Total relieved, 534. Discharged from the home during week, 71. .Total at present remaining, 200. Nnm:' ber stonebreaking, 7; oakum-picking and horse-/ hair- teazing, 20. , : . .. ' ?:. ?:..: : -' ?? — — ?-. ' :-.:-) . .:,, ??-.?,] The Use op Snuff 'in Scotland. — Wo are. in, formed upon the most competent authority, that' during the lust two years the practice of snuff taking has been curtailed in Scotland to an almost incredible extent, and continues rapidly to diininish.' The. aggregate orders taken for the supply of tho'; retail shops by several travellers do not now come' up to the 'lines' formerly booked with ease in one' good house.— Edinburgh Courant. , Cool. — About twenty years ago, there was an. im-i postor flourishing around this city,: swindling every-: body whom he met. Our attention was called to his transactions, and we immediately exposed his tricks. On the day in which this article appeared; this Jeremy Diddler walked into the effioo. and asked for the editor., Upon confronting us he stated hio name, and said thut the article which we pub-; lished this morning was libellous, and had ,de». stroyed his character in this community. ' I havo called on you,' he added, ' to inform you that I am going. to commenoe a libel suit against you. I am told that libel suits are profitable to news papers and increase their sale ; and as I have no. money to pay the expense of conducting tha snit,1 I thought you would be willing to advance me, three or four hundred dollars for that purpose;'. The proposition only revealed the true nature; of the impostor, and showed with what consummate, coolness, self-possession and impudence ho swindled the publio.— -Neio YorhHsrald. 7 ; , .. i 