AUSTRALIAN POLITICS. The following letter, addressed to the editor of The Times, appeared in that journal on the 1st of May : SIR-Mr. Childers, in his speech in the Reform debate, made statements as to the operation of universal suffrage in the colony of Victoria which require to be supplemented. I have for many years taken a very active part in its affairs, and will not state anything which I cannot write of from my own personal knowledge. Mr. Childers must have been misunderstood when he was reported as stating that Mr. Archibald Michie was at the head of the Victorian Government, this being the position of the Chief Secretary, while Mr. Michie holds that of Minister of Justice and Mr. Childers was surely wrong in assuming that Mr. Lowe " cordially con- curred" in Mr. Michie's political opinions. Mr. Lowe, in his speech of last night, denounced most emphatically the conduct of the Ministry to which Mr. Michie belongs conduct which, although it is supported by an Assembly elected by universal suffrage, has been condemned by all classes of politicians outside of the colony of Victoria, by almost the whole of the press within it, and the sanction of which by its Governor has led to his recall. Mr. Childers referred to six gentlemen in Victoria of high character Messrs. Haines, Sladen, Farie, Sturt, Stawell, and Macknight, of whom it had been stated, in a letter he quoted from, " that not one of them, with the exception of Mr. Haines, would under vote by ballot and universal suffrage have a ghost of a chance against the lowest ruffian." Mr. Childers is reported as having stated that the first and second named were members of the Legislature, and that the fifth (Stawell) was " the present Chief Secretary, who had been returned at the head of the poll by a most democratic constituency." Here, again, Mr. Childers must have been misunderstood. Stawell (Sir William) is not Chief Secretary, but Chief Justice of Victoria, and has been so for nine years. He never contested an election subsequent to the creation of universal suffrage, and, as Chief Justice, he has decided against the legality of the acts which the Ministry, under the sanction of an Assembly elected by universal suffrage, has carried out, regardless of all protests, warnings, or remonstrances. Mr. Sladen is no doubt a member of the Legislature, but he belongs to that branch of it which the Assembly elected by universal suffrage is in conflict with-viz., the Council. To this Mr. Haines also belonged, but he U, unhappily, now no more the last mail brought intelligence of his death. No public man that the colony has lost was more respected or has been more lamented, as may be seen by the terms in which he is spoken of in the public journals. To quote from one of them : "He was one of the fathers of constitutional government in Victoria, and he was engaged up to the day of his death in its defence. an English gentleman of the best stamp, honest of thought, manly in his instincts, gentle, liberal, and courteous." This man was, under the influence of universal suffrage, deprived capriciously of his seat in the Assembly in the year 1864 by a constituency he had faithfully served, and a person altogether unknown in public life was elected in his stead. The constitutional conflict now going on in Victoria induced him to seek and obtain a seat in the Legislative Council. The doors of the Assembly were shut against him, although he was, in the fullest sense of the term, a " liberal." It is to him, indeed, that the creation of universal suffrage in the colony is traceable. In 1856 the "new Constitution of Victoria came into operation, with Mr. Haines as Chief Secretary, and one of his first measures was the act under which the franchise was extended " to every adult males provision which, to quote the words of The largest newspaper, "has identified the name of Mr. Haines with manhood suffrage in Victoria." On the 24th of December of last year, Mr. Haines wrote me a very long and interesting letter on the subject of the struggle then going on between the two Houses, The estimate of the working of universal suffrage will be known from the following extracts. The letter did not reach me until after he was in his grave. Little did I know as read it how truly I might then have said of him, " He, being dead, yet speaketh." He wrote thus : "There is no doubt that all men of intelligence are opposed to the Ministry. Their appeal, however, is made to the uneducated. These being in the majority, may for a time give them such support as will maintain them in office. .... - (a member of the Ministry) last year, in advocating the reform of the Council, stated that it represented the wealthy lower classes, that these were dangerouafromtheirselffshnessand want of education, and that sordidness of character which ignorance invariably entails. This expresses his theory with regard to the danger of placing political power in the hands of the lower orders. With wonderful inconsistency, be proposes to place all political power in the hands of the lower classes who have no wealth, and who no doubt are quite as dangerous as those who have raised themselves from their original poverty. If the lower orders had ordinary penetration they would perceive the low estimate which- and his colleagues have formed of their intelligence and liberal feeling. The arguments which are addressed to them by - and others on the Tariff question are such as no one would venture to advance to a body of ordinary intelligence, inflaming their payments at the expense of truth. has gone so far as to speak of ' a low through the operation of which the rich get richer, and the poor become poorer.' He UOCB not tell us what this law is he does not even produce any evidence of its existence, neither does he explain how it is to be abrogated. He merely insinuates its existence, in order that the loafers and drones of the community may look anxiously towards a redistribution of property which he is to effect." The above are only a few of the passages it a very long letter, which show the opinion of one of our most valued colonists, one of our most experienced politicians - sagacious high-principled, and liberal upon the work ing of universal suffrage, which he at one time strongly supported. He came before his death to feel that through its operation the masses might be worked upon to give effect to the most destructive principles, and be in duced to support those who obtained their: confidence in the most violent and unscrupulous aggressions against the rights of a numerical minority, however large, wealthy or Intelligent. I have, notwithstanding great confidence in the general character of the people of Victoria. As Mr. Childers truly states, the sums voted for educational purposes by the Victorian Legislature would shame the British House of Commons. There is no part of the world where education i more attended to or more generally diffused the feeling of loyalty there is deep and gene ral the attachment to the mother country I intense-even those born within the colony speak of it as " home ;" and truly has Mr Childers described it as firmly attached to the British Crown and to this country." Paradoxical as it may appear, I attribute much of the present unsatisfactory condition: of political affairs in Victoria to the high personal character of the author-us I believe him to be-of all the mischief, the Attorney: General. He is a man of vast ability, of the highest principle, and possessing great personal influence. He is, however, crotchet and overbearing, and endowed, or rather afflicted, with what has been truly describe as "udamantine"obstinacy. Hehosperauade himself, and persuaded many others, that the Legislative Council claims a power it does not and ought not to possess, and that the Assembly ought, at any cost, at any sacrifice, to rest' what he looks upon as a usurpation of i exclusive privileges. So thoroughly has the idea possessed him that it has made his politically insane. The opinions of the we and the impartial, the clearest and mo conclusive reasoning, have no more elie upon him than a physical demonstration of mental delusion would have upon a man maniac. He looks upon all who oppose b views as deserving of the sternest reprobation He regards them as members of widespread conspiracy, formed under the influence of the basest selfishness, to over throw the Constitution, and he would, if I could, place them to use his own expre shot, -"under the heel authority," and the grind them out of political existence. Y this man, if convinced of his mistake, won acknowledge it in the fullest terms, ax endure with the courage of a martyr to taunts, the obloquy, the scorn that such a acknowledgement might threaten to enter upon him. In other respects there are hopeful signs recognition of the necessity of adjustment ; our representation. The late elections has shown the existence of a minority so larf and entitled by its character to so main consideration, that the strong sense of taste and love of fair-play which pervade our cot munity will, I hope, lead to such a division electoral districts as will prevent one-class electors from being smothered by another, believe, moreover, that the representative! character of the legislative Council will greatly improved, and that it will attract It a class of men of sufficient political views to protect them against any attempt to thrust them aside when they check the legislation of the Assembly. The subject is a tempting one to me as a Victorian, but I must not en- large upon it in your columns, and I therefore bring my remarks to a close. I have the honour to be, Sir, Your obedient servant. A VICTORiAN OF FIFTEEN YEARS'-' STANDING. Norwood, April 27. 