ST. PATRICK'S DAY. IT must be self-evident that in a semi-tropical climate like this it is most desirable that every encouragement should be given to the people, by the proclamation of public holidays, for them to avail themselves of that relaxation and enjoyment so necessary for health, and so con- ducive to the promotion of a kindly social feeling amongst them. In more temperate climes, and in colonies of greater social advance- ment, where there are so many facilities for occasional recreation, it is considered unnecessary to set apart the days of our national patron saints for holiday making, and they are, allowed to pass with the simple recognition of a public dinner, in which generally only a small section of the community take part. Here, however we cannot afford to let these indications of the revolving year pass , without profiting by them, at the same time giving an opportunity to those who would desire to do so, to keep green the memory of their patron saint. It is hardly necessary to say that the invitation to observe St. Patrick's day was heartily responded to and that all places of business except the hotels, which usually reap a harvest on such days, were closed. The holiday-maker ! in Brisbane has not a very extended choice of amusements ; and excursion to the Bay, a trip to Ipswich, a drive to Sandgate, or a quiet picnic to some of the rural retreats at a short distance from the town, being the principal if not the only points of attraction. None of these means of amusement appeared to be lost sight of yesterday and at an early hour in the morning, parties of pleasure-seekers, with the necessary locomotive power, and apparently well-filled hampers, might be seen leaving the city for their several destinations. The morning coach to Ipswich carried a full complement of passen gers and besides public conveyances, there was a large number of private vehicles brought into requisition. As regards water excursions the trip to the bay in the steamer Settler was decidedly the most noticeable, and was certainly the most popular feature of the day's amusements. The Settler started from Towns' wharf, South Brisbane, where she took on board a large number of excursionists, and afterwards called at Raff's wharf to complete her complement. Having embarked about two hundred persons, amongst whom there was a good sprinkling of the fair sex, she made her final start at half-past 10 o'clock. The weather being mild and agreeable, that great desideratum to holiday enjoyment, a fine day was not wanting and this, together with the spirit of liberality and the determination to turn the day to the best account which prevailed, produced the most successful results. The first few miles of the course down the river were run without any incident of importance occurring, but shortly before the steamer arrived at Lytton an accident occurred which caused not a slight sensation on board, and, while it was being enacted, some degree of apprehension amongst the most timid of the passengers. It occurred in this way The yacht Hamlet's Ghost, the property of Messrs. J. and G. Harris, was lying in the river awaiting a favorable opportunity to get into the bay. On the Settler coming up a signal was made to her to take the yacht in tow, which she accordingly did, and all went well for a quarter of an hour, during which time the yacht was the object of admira- tion. On board of her there were the late hon. the Colonial Secretary, Mr. Herbert; Captain H. D. Pitt ; one of the owners, the Hon. G. Harris and other gentlemen. Ahead of the settler was the barque Valetta lying at anchor, and the steersman of the Settler, either from stupidity or want of judgment steered his vessel so close to the Vale to as to bring the masts and spars of the yacht, which was being towed alongside, into collision with the main-yard of the barque. The result can be imagined. The frail masts and spars of the yacht cracked asunder, and fell with a crash on board ; all that remained standing being the splintered mizzen-mast of the little vessel. Fortunately all the gentlemen on board thoyaohthad but a few minutes before gone below to lunch, or some very serious accident, or perhaps loss of life, would have been the result. As it was the man at the wheel only just escaped in time to avoid the falling mass of spars and rigging by crouch- ing under the mizen boom, across which the greater portion of the wreck fell. After many expressions from the passengers of regret, the yacht, in her dismantled condition, was cast adrift, and when the steamer returned was taken in tow again, and brought up to an anchorage in the river near the bridge. It is only proper to state that Captain Mellor, of the Settler, had gone below for a few minutes, during which the accident happened, or such an oversight in the management of the vessel would not have been permitted. Arrived at the pilot station, at Lytton, the Settler was drawn up alongside the steamer Platypus, which was lying at the wharf, and a few of the passengers availed themselves of the opportunity to land, and await the return of the steamer. The Settler then proceeded to the bay, and after an hour's cruise there, during which she passed the Charlie Palmer, emigrant ship, which has come to an anchor there, she steamed up the river, calling at Lytton, and reached Towns' wharf at 6 o'clock, where some of the passengers debarked ; the others being taken to Raff s wharf. During the trip the services of Mr. Seal's band were called into requisi- tion, and the votaries of Terpsichore, who, however, appeared to be but a few, availed themselves of this kind of amxisomont. As it regards the other means of recreation patronised during the day, we may add that they appeared to be most successful, and that St. Patrick's Day passed off as happily as the most enthusiastic Irishman could have desired. 