Turf Gossip. Br Playboy. The settlement on the Bendigo. Baoes brought together, a goodly gathering of the ring and their constituents «n Monday mora* ing, at'the Corner, as well as at the aubscrip tion-room in the evening. JThe snopess of the Bendigo meeting, enhanced by the really splendid finish for the Handicap, coupled with the prompt manner in wbuh the stemrde "came down" npbn those connected withthe shameful proceedings in the Hack Belling B&ce;, wai the theme of satisfactory comment. Artemne Ward, who was dta^aa^fied doling the meeting onaccount of being entered in Mr. B. Sevior'a name, is not his property, he haying, had the loan of hina for aomo thne from Bam Walaook whb Jf t mice took posses rich of tha'htttot'W. to hi* stable® at Btaendbn. Them was a good deal of talk, and rooretalk than batihesei op the forthcoming Champion. Tbe dooble erents ae&inatnamihg; the winherofitand the Qmhd -operated •«pwi*to «bme'h^h€tt%eirismt 'taken aeocwfiinfe to tbeqbaHt; •;*fitoted^'Si»iw#ltoW _ _ ' '■4&* injnktes ^y be!, jjWlpRpifcr ;il* ri»y judgmentTgOW, X eanhbtfe^Mfc^^^ a ghost of a Ohsnce to reooVer.tbp stakes. 'If the ste^a^^k&dpcidedagiiDBf;: racingiaf (or usage; thenthisre be a dafeto go to it, juryf bntlntfifeiifotirace they wereonty called upon to decide whether a cross .did take place or not,l-ajidl being satisfied that it did, they adjudicated according to racing law. (See Ritle 48 of the V.RiC.) On all matters conuected witb racing. evcr^ discoaragement oughtto be given to parties going to law; and it would be a wife provision to disqualify every owner Who takessuch proceedings after entering and runnmghis horse Upon the conditions " that, all disputes, claims, and objections arising out of the racing shall be fettled by the Btewdrds, whose decision shall be final." It is rathfe a strange coincidence that the principal parties in tins' case are two of the stewaras of the V.R.O., whose decisions on racing matters jat the Spring Meeting have been so macH attini* adverted upon, as being contraiy toall pre cedents. Sir William Don was shipped last week for Sydney, and has arrived safe and sound to meet ihe Fool in their great trotting match on the 1st of January, over the Randwick Course. This match is seldom 'mentioned in sporting circles down here, but is creating some stir in Sydney; ■ The Don's condition is considered up there to be rather backward, and The Fool has -many partisans, who think he may turn out no fool after all. There is no doubt,from all that I can learn, that Sir William Don mil meet with a worthy antagonist, and that before the day arrives there mil M ho small amount of speculation as to the result. . I lepra by telegraph that 16 horseBhave been nominated for the Beechworth Handi cap. The Village Belle Races, St. Hilda, will take place on Boxing-dav, Wednesday next. There are four races, including the St. Hilda Handicap of £40, two miles. All the events have filled well, as will be found else where. I hear good accounts of the horses engaged in the Champion Race, Mr. Tait's pair espe cially. The old horse is in fine form, and so is The Barb; both have been undergoing a thorough preparation for the coming struggle. The Maribyrnong two, Seagull and Fishhook, are looking well, and doing strong work. The colt, to my fancy, is a little stout; the stable is very sanguine of success, and there is little doubt but that Morrison will bring all his art into play to upset "the certainty which the " cabbage-tree " gentlemen are so confident in having. There ib any ambunt of " bunkum " between the two etables, both asserting that they will run' first and second in the big race. Cowra is reported to be herself again, and quite equal to her Adelaide form. From what 1 have lately seen of her, I cannot but imagine her deluded party are " barking up the wrong tree." At a meeting of the committee of the V.R.C., held on Monday, it was resolved to do away with the qualification fees for entries - after the 1st of January. Davis, the rider of The Dane at Ballarat, was also disqualified from riding at Melbourne for a similar period to that for which be was sentenced by the stewards there. A new judge has been" ap pointed by the committee, one of the Messrs. Fewer undertaking the office. '' The gates and booths at the racecoujfe for the champion day were-let by auction on Mon day, at Mr. Watson's repository, and fetched good prices; and the entries for the different' events in the programme took place at Mr. Bagofs office on the following afternoon. They have filled as well as I expected, and will be seen in another part of your columns. They give promise of an excellent- day's sport, and should the weather prove propitious, there will be a great gathering on the banks of the Saltwater River. The few acceptances for the Champion Raoe have been anticipated for some time, but the trial of strength between two such formidable, antagonists as Messrs. Taitand Usher, creates an immense amount of interest, and will to a certain extent make up for the paucity of numbers. Out-and-out betting during the week has been languid in the extreme, the Champion Race being looked upon as a match between Messrs. Fisher and Tait, the letter's nomina tions having most friends. Double event bet ting is. more the fashion, the longer prioes being as tempting to the backers of homes as they are more profitable to the bookmakers. There is little alteration in the quotations of list week, but when the public have time to digest the entriee/the met&llics; will have more 40 °* lATEST BETTING. \ CeumpiohBjlcb. By whom Trained. 100 to 60 agat Volunteer (off) .. Ashwojth. 100 — 40 — TtoBjufctatt) Asb worth. , ' 100—SO Seagull (off) . .. Mr. FOgate. 100 JO— Hshhookfoff.) ,. Mr. Filiate.- - 100 — 10——Cowra(off.) .. .. Miley. •, . 100 to 60 against Fiahert two. Offers to take 200 to m: * : ■ 