FATAL BOILER EXPLOSION We take the following particulars of the boiler explosion at Mount Prospect from the Daylesford Express of the 1st inst. :— On Tuesday afternoon a fatal boiler explosion occurred at the farm of Mr John Goodwin Howe, Mount Prospect. On that day Mr Howe, a well- known and extesnive agriculturist, commenced thrashing his crops, consisting of two large stacks of wheat and three of oats. To do this he had en- gaged the services of a ten horse-power portable engine. The engine was owned by Mr John M'Lellan, since dead, and the machine by Mr Alexander Tankard, who were working this ap- paratus on shares. The engine, one of Clayton and Shuttleworth's make, belonged to Dr. Downey, of Doctor's Gully, about six years ago. It was afterwards used by the Cornish Company, and Mr Bacon, of Blanket Flat, finally passing into the hands of the unfortunate deceased. From the evidence at the inquest yesterday, there is no doubt the engine was dangerously out of repair, the pumps working badly, and the water gauge failing to indicate the quantity of fluid in the boiler. To the inefficiency of the pumps the catastrophe that ensued was in all probability due. On the morning of Tuesday steam was raised. but shortly afterwards it was found necessary to extinguish the fire and examine the pumps. A small piece of wood was then discovered in the clack, and the obstruc- tion having been removed the fire was again lighted. At about five p.m., while nearly twenty men were engaged at the engine and the thrashing ma- chine, a tremendous explosion took place, shattering the former to pieces and nearly demolishing the latter. The front portion of the engine was driven through the side of the threshing machine, and fell to the ground a distance of one hundred yards off. The concussion, for a minute or two, stunned those around, and on recovering from the shock, the sur- vivors found that all were more or less injured, while M'Lellan was lying amidst some debris with the roof of his skull nearly torn off. To increase the horrors of the scene, the threshing-machine and stacks of wheat and oats were found to be on fire, and were eventually totally consumed. With the exception of about twenty-five bags of wheat, Mr Howe lost his whole crop, valued at about £1200. Dr. Scott, a local practitioner was immediatuly sent for by Mr Howe, and did all he could to relieve the sufferers. Poor M'Lellan, however, died in ten minutes after the accident. He has left, we are sorry to say, a wife and six children: to lament his decease. Joseph Blunt, a servant of Mr Howe's, sustained, a com- pound fracture of one thigh, and is not likely to recover. He now lies in the Creswick hospital. Edw. Murphy was severly bruised on the legs and arms. Thomas Brodrick received a fracture of the skull, the depressed portion of the bone having since been raised by Dr. Doolittle. Thomas Heley was badly contused on the head and shoulders, and Henry Strong, the engine driver, is scalded on the face and head. The four last named men are in the Daylesford hospital, and were yesterday as well as could be expected. William Smith also was scalded in the face in addition to the contusions he received on the side and leg. These appear to have been the worst sufferers, but had it not been that a pile of wood intervened the number of fatal injuries would have been increased. Much sympathy is felt for Mr Howe under his misfortune. LARGE YIELD OF GOLD - The yield of gold for the la t crushing of stone from the Adventure Com- pany, Victoria Reef, amounted to 1811? oz 5dwt. The larger proportion of the gold was taken from a very small quantity of stone, abut three or four tons only — Bendigo Advertiser, January 29. CHINESE SUPERSTITION. — - It has been clearly ascertained that the late fire broke out in a hut where a few months since Ah Lay Ty hanged him self; this, and certain other mysterious circum- stances, have evoked the grim features of Mongolian superstition into intense action, and the devil is universally accused of setting fire to the camp. The hut of Ah Lay Ty, from the time of his death, has been regarded with profound awe every neces- sary observance having been practised to keep it clear from evil spirits, but without effect, as it has been nightly haunted, not by the deceased, but by a legion of ghostly apparitions, alleged to be imps of the devil, who has potent influence over the locality of a suicide, and continues in possession until the troubled spirit of the deceased is finally exorcised. Up till a few days, before the conflagration no person would venture to occupy this hut, although Ah Gin, a brother of deceased, offered it to any comer gratuitously. Every nights lamps have, been kept burningwithin its dismal shades, and the choicest food has been spread but on the table, but still the restless spirit of Ah Lay Ty disturbed the watchers of the night. Often the forlorn hut has been offered to any poor travelling Chinamen arriving at the camp hungry and swagworn, and without a place of shelter, and as soon as these learned its history they have invariably decamped with the utmost alacrity and dismay. But two or three days before the fire one Sin Tin and some others came to the camp in a terrible state of wretchedness and want, and were persuaded to take up their abode in the haunted dwelling. . They did so with great fear and trem- bling and as they continued night after night un- harmed, it was believed that Ah Lay Ty was at reat. But when it was told by a Chinaman that on the outbreak of the fire he saw the devil and Ah Lay Ty rising with the flames as they^burst through * the roof, all were convinced that the fire was an act of vengeance by the evil one. The dwelling in which the late detective Appoo died was regarded with a similar superstitious feeling. Although his death was caused by consumption, yet his antecedents were not satisfactory, many believing him to have been addicted to trafficking with the devil and from the time of his death till Sunday last, his late abode remained closely fastened, none venturing to sleep there fearing a visitation from the ghost of Appoo, accompanied by those unholy spirits with whom he communed in this life. Under these alarming oircumstances, it was felt that a great atonement was necessary, and it was resolved to hold on Sunday an impressive ceremony of exor- cism to appease the angry spirits. Accordingly, at daylight the gongs struck np, their - discondant clamor, and the reverberations of the crackers con- tinued all the morning ; the people gathered from all parts, and so successful was their devotion, that iu the afternoon it was declared that the spirits of the departed were at peace; and universal joy pre- vailed. Appoo's house has sinch been occupied, and is now tenanted by a party of Chinese, whose slum- bers have suffered no disturbances.^— O. and M. Ad- tiertiser, January 27. 