The Turfmen of New South Wales, by "Snapshot." MR. ETTY DE MESTRE. The gentleman who took Archer down to win the first two Melbourne Cups seems to me the most fitting representative of New South Wales racing men to come next on my list ; and so, following close on the heels of John Tait, the leading metropolitan turfite, comes a prominent provincial—" Etty De Mestre," of Terrara. Not a whit less popular is he among his numerous acquaintances by whom the experience of many years has made him much liked and respected ; and he is very highly spoken of by all those who have been employed by him during his turf career. The subject of my present; sketch resides at Terrara, in the Shoalhaven country, and there he trains his horses; bringing out not only, his own nags, but also those of Messrs Hassal and Roberts, who breed, largely at Exeter Farm, near Braidwood,' and with whom he has been for some years confeder ated in , racing matters. Thus he has had through his hands the produce of a number of good mares 'chiefly by Warwiok, William Tell, and New Warrior), and, as you know, has done some good things, his most telling coups having been with that great horse Archer, who in his turn has been put to the stud, and last season served all the Exeter Farm mare& These mares combine some capital strains of blood; and, taking them altogether, they form a very fair sample of a colonial stud, though not to be judged by the standard of Woodlands or Maribyrnong, or equal to the lot of equine dames from which- .Mr. John Lee, of Bylong, in the Bath urst- neighbourhood, raises racehorses. At present there are a lot of fine two-yr-olds, on which Mr. De Mestre will exercise his inge nuity before the Derby, and which I was very sorry he couldn't fetch to the post for their this season's engagements. He was un usually unlucky for out of six nags (chiefly youngsters)' that he put into work for the last Randwick Meeting, he was only able to have ono right on tho day; but somehow the .Terrara star has not lately been in tho as cendant, and since Archer retired and Exeter '.was sent, to 'China, nothing of any note has como either from Terrara or Exeter Farm. 1 Theflrat I can remember of'Mr. DoMestro on the turf, was at Homebush in 1858, when Air. Redwood had Zoo and 'the 'old black niaro'in all their glory, and won the Lcger with Chevalior. At that meeting Terrara was represented by Mariner and Greonmantle, tho former of whom was not placed in the Leger, but afterwards pulled off tho Maiden Plate, beating a large and eflod field, and there; also Johnny Cutts.woro, the'black and all blacky a position ha continued to occupy until after the last appearance of the jacket in Victoria, 'tiud I thmk until he had himself virtually' retired from tho pigskin.. At Home .bush in:' the following ; year, when. Strop created such a sensation,. Mr., Do Mestro brought out Sailor, and won the Maiden Plato and Publicans' Purse with him in such style as to make the poor old Colonel think there was nothing liko him for tho Champion Race, a pleasant,- though erroneous dream, from which he only a woko on tU9 day after Johnny . Cutts had gone down under a special retainer to do the steering. A.D. 1859 concluded the racing, days of old Homobush, for in; the. Soptoinber of the following, year the first, meeting was hold at Randwick, whither tho metropolitan meetings were thon removed, tho Squire o£ Terrara of course following suit, and at this opening o£ Randwick, Archer, I think, mode his first appearance, with Moss Rose. 'Both were in immense favour with the public, but wcro beaten, and well beaten, tho big colt being looked upon as tho makings of anything but a racehorse ; and it avos in a great measure owing to his performance on that occasion that he {retired from tho field, and left Moss Rose to carry the colours in tlio second Champion Race , , The following Octo ber found Mr. Do Mestrc again at Randwick, with The Rose, Archer, ana Lauristina ; and the big horse, who was just bogmning to fool himself right, mado his first winning throw by appropriating tho Maiden Plate, ooating Io and » lot of othors. . But Moss Rose ran wretchedly in tho Champion Race, looking, indeed, quite as miserable as her performance. Archer was noxt Seon at Windsor in tho same month, and there, looking and going in a much improved form, he won his races in a common canter, without giving his competitors tho ghost of a chance. At tho Autumn Meeting of 1801, Archer was quito the great gun, and gave tho first foretaste of whathe really was, y beating Mormon and Veno; after a des norato race with the Melbourne horse. Moss Rose also was much improved, having ap parently lost much of that nervous and ex citablo f retfulness for which she had before been remarkablo, and consequently coming out a good winner. Indeed, at this meeting tho Terrara string was more than usually strong, consisting of Archer, Moss Rose, Inheritor, and Exeter, who made his dchftt as a two-yr-old, giving lots of promise for tho future. Mr. Do Mestre's great day was now coming nigh, and when the noxt Rand wiok Spring Meeting arrived, he was away in Melbourne with Archer and Exeter, the former being in immonso favour for tho first Molbourno Cup. How ho won this great race with 9st 71b on him, beating Mormon, who carried lOst lib, and fifteen others, we are not vory likely to forgot ; and I also remember that ho afterwards pulled off the Town Plate, Exetor doing ditto with the Threo and Four ?r-olds' Stakes ; after which performances in bo sister colony tho victorious pair returned homo, and luxuriated at Torrara until the' Randwiok Autumn Meeting of '02 drew them forth. At this meeting Mr. Do Meetro had a string of no loss than fivo nags, of whioh Exetor won tho Throe-yr-old Biennial and tho Loner, beating tho now famous' Voluntcdr and Kyoglo; Haidoo es tablished her right to tho Two-yr-old Bion nial ; andArohor won tho first Queen's Plato voted in tho colony ainco '08, his stablo com panion, Moss Rose, running second to him. Ho also' ran third in tho Great Handicap, with lOst up; Talleyrand, with 9st, being flint, and Bon Bolt, who carried 9st 31b, mnning becond. ?? Aftor this, in the spring of '62, came the second Melbourne campaign, which raised Archer in tho oyos of hiB Mel bourne admirers to the very piunaolo of great ness; for after winning tho Melbourne Cup, under lOst 21b, boating Mormon, 9st 121b, Talloyrand,9st 121b, and seventeen bosides,at his' case, ho left an impression behind which drow from a : well-known sporting writer in Viotorio, when he saw Panio making running in lost year's Cup, 'Wo thought we had 'another Aroher oome among ub.' Aftor ho had appropriated tho Melbourne Cup ho credited Mr. Do - Mestro with auother race, just to pay' expenses. ' So muoh for '62, whioh, to tho best of my bolief, sawMr.'DoMestro'slastraoing tour to Molbourno [Our corrospondout Booms to forgot Archor'B defeat in the Ballaarat Cham pion Race.— Ed.], though ho would have taken tho big horse down tho following season and run him again for the Cup, with all tho weight, bo I'm told, if by somo un lucky accident his accoptaneo had not arrived just in time to bo too late. Tho season of '03 did not Und him in great force, for Exetor had been sold to go to China, whoro ho has dono great things, and Lanristina and Mosa Rose constituted tlio Torrara string, but without adding much to its celebrity, no ap poirauco being put in at Randwick in the spring. In tlio autumn of '0i four nags came out in black at tho Metropolitan Meet ing of which Potontato credited himself with three racoa, and Doorfoot ran second for tho Locer, Ruby and Haideo making up tho quartette ; and hi tho spring Jamberoo and ?.Ruby were the only representatives, and did not pull off a race. The following autumn brought out Buckstone as a two-yr-old ; but only to bo not placed in tho A.J.C. Twoyr old Stakes, won by Rose of Australia, with Pitsford second ; and at tho same meeting Jamberoo won the Princo of Wales Stakes. The spring of 18G5 only Baw tho defeat of Tim Whifller in tho Derby and Bruic Stakes, which brings mo down to tho last meeting, at which tho saino son of Cinderella beat Rose of Australia for tho Autumn Bruio. Such are tho principal ovents marking Mr. ,Do Mestre's career on tho turf, and from them it will bo gathered that of late ho :haa been , decidedly out of luck, Archer and Exeter being about the last of the Real Jam,' Next spring will show us a change, I fancy,' in T,na lorames ot iorrura; lorinero.iB an. abundance 'of excellent materials' to 'work upon; and I hopo the stable will regain a lot of its lost laurols. Tim Whifflorwill bo, to my ,'thinkinc,' the best: of the bunch at that timo ; it Will' oven 'give Cossack (who I don't think cares much about a fow pounds moro or less to' carry) all ho knows, to givo Mr. Do Mestre's colt 111b in tho four-yr-old handicap. I suppose they will'mako another attempt to bring but Deerfobt, and the rest of the lot will ue composed of threo-yr-oldB for tho Derby and Spring Bruic. Mr. De Mestre is remarkable for his quiet, unpretending way of going to work., , 'He keeps his horses at homo until a few days before the meetings, and whon they arrive in Sydney thero is very little fuss and nonsenso with ! them. ' Generally they aro up to the mark : as muoh as most others, but although roaiiy 'persons may not fancy tho Torrara .'condition1 j'nqno' can dony 'that tho colts from thero are, always quiet and courageous, and do' 'not mind facing a crowd. ' ;InJ this parti cular'- Mr. Do Mestro stands ver^ high, and we all kiiow full well how many a two-yr-old race is lost through a half -broken colt showing temper, arid how many colts lose their temper entirely at three yedrsold, and aro nevdr worth a rap afterwards. I'd as soon soo 'Johnny Armstrong' on the back 'of. a favourito'as havo him all of a lather when Btripped for his two-yr-old race' in the enclosure! The Terrara nags travel but little about tho country, thoy are, in fact, seldom seen except at Randwick, and I cannot call to mind that Mr. Do Mestro has over (gone 'on racing tours to any of tho neighbouring colonies , except Victoria. Besides being a real good turf man of the right sort, straightforward, honourable, ^and a capital judge, Mr, Do Mestre is one of tho three or four good gentlemen jocks of this colony, or at least of tho metropolitan district, and when the' Jockey Club got up' an aristocratic scramble it is worth a goodsovon pounds to give 'Etty' a leg up against 'almost '' all the rest, when Mr. W. R, Templetbn),'and that right , Jolly fellow 'Joe Mathows,' as his friends: call him, are disposed of. Take him, indeed, for all in all, he has ho superior among tho ' Turf men of Now- South Wales,'' and! know I shall be joined by a porfect legion of his acquaintances in hoping that ho inay_ soon havo aDother Archer to carry the pirate's colours to tho front for some of tho great races. I'm quito astonished to see so fow entrances from Victoria for tho Produco and other stakes that havo lately closed here in Sydney.' Theso Blow-and-go-easy, ? old-, fashioned people of New South Wales aro fetting up Bomo fine races, aro they not ?.' and 'lemington must look'well to itself, or all its prestige will vanish. : . '.;??' ' [ 