IRISH HISTORY AND IEISh » CHARACTER. [Dy GOLDWIN SMIITI.] (Continued.) Wolsey, tho Eiolielieu of the Tudor era, inspirad tho policy of Henry VIII. Tho object of completely incorporating Ireland in the,Empire, and assimilating its institu- tions to those of England , - was soon taken up, and was.urged forward during tho greater part of tho reign, ' both by address and arms. . . Henry, who saw the barons of England under his feet, was little likely to brook, in'his other kingdom, suoh indepen- dence.as that of the Irish chief who sent his henchman to beard him in tho midst of .his court, and demand the punishment of an obnoxious Earl on pain of war. Arms were employed first, under commanders seht' from England, and on the whole with suc- cess. Then diplomaoy took its turn. The great chiefs wore drawn to London ; peerages wore lavished on them ; and they were induced to recognise Henry as King of Ire- land, a title which he assumed in place of the former title of Lord, in token that,a new order of things hod commenced ; and pro- bably also with à view to assert his right to Ireland, .independently pf the Pope. At the same1 tirho>'measures were' taken by the English, governors of,, Ireland,. in whose administration tho deep and reflecting state- craft of a politio: age now began.to ' appear, to undermine the .authority of the chiefs, by detaching from' them. the allegiance' of. tho members of their septs, and winning,1, tue natives from the Brehon:to the .English:.law. But the chiefs, with|the quick discernment of their,race, easily' perceived that their destruction as. independent potentates' was intended. One. by" one, as the danger ap- proached them, or in loose confederacies, which rivalry '¿nd perfidy were, always breaking upv they hurled themselves against the pp.wer whose .toiís¡ were closing round them, and ? filled the succeeding reigns with ?unquenchable, bloody, and desolating war; The main struggle, in the Irish wars of Henry VIII., was with the great house of the Geraldines, Earls of Kildare, of whom it was reported, in, a despatch to Cromwell that " this English'Pale, oxoeptthe town's ' and" very few of tho possessi oners', be so affectionate to the Geraldinesji that for kin- dred, marriage, fostering, and adhering i as ., followers,'they oovet more to'see a Geral- dine reign:and,triumpb, than to'see God come amóng them'. ' " The partizans of, the' family were marked onrthöibreast with a G, imtolieij. that they owed their hearts -to'' the Gerjaí dines." This grebt ïhbuse was'. reduööÜJ in an ill-starred strugglo, tb a boy,'who escaped the fangs of Henry, and became the .stock from wMoh tho race shot up anew.. ' { The natives fought like savages, as they stillwere;'dnd"the English emulated "their savageness; Great; atrocities were committed' in oold blood on the garrisons of captured strongholds, and the country of the hostile septs was burnt.and ravaged with the same meröiless barbarity whioh marked the in- roads of the .Tudbr commanders upon Scot- land; The; evil; and treacherous statecraft which filled:the oouncils of princes in the age .pf Machiavelli, and from which tho lofty mind of Bacon himself was by no means free, gave itself the fulle'st.liconse in dealing with a .race "bf barbarians remote from the domain even of such public opinion as existed in those^times. The Earl of Kil- dare was induced to surrender himself to the Deputy, ' Lord' Leonard Gray, under a promise of mercy, confirmed, according to one account, by, taking tho Sacrament. The Government, which was bent on having the. Earl's blood, yet embarrased by the' engage- ment of its representative, solved the difficulty by keeping him foc^i time in prison and then putting him to ' death. With him perished his five uncles, three of whom bad been treacherously, arrested by. the: Lord' Deputy at a banquet to;whioh he had invited them, and to which they had come without suspicion, being entirely innocent ol'their nephew's rebellion. One propagator of civi- lisation' and trae religion among the natives did not scruple when a notable rebel had sub- mitted, to make him give a pledge' of his submission by committing an act of foul treaohory against, his late assooiates. An- other, after a battle:gained by the help of Irish auxiliaries; told his victorious country: mon that to complete their victory, they had only to cut the throats of their allies. Sir John Perrofc was the best and most honour- able of the Governors of Ireland during the Tudor period. At his departure, the people followed him'with tears tb the shore. Yet even ho did not scruple to, kidnap in tho foulest manner, and keep as a hostage at Dublin, the son of :a chief whose fidelity ho. had some reason to suspect. Few will bo deluded by the notion that atrocity denotes vigour, or that the want of good faith and humanity among the natives, could excuse a want of good faith and hu- manity among their invaders. In subduing a savage or half- civilised race, it is necessary, j no doubt, to maintain the superiority of tho 1 civilised nation in arms and tho nrt of war ; but it is still more necessary to maintain the, superiority of a civilised nation in veracity, justice and self-command. From the blood, of the Goraldinop, cruelly and perfidiously shod by Henry VIII., nroso tho Desmonds and Tyrones, who all.but wrested Ireland from Elizabeth. Conquest is nt best a ques- tionable process ; but it loses its .only' warrant when tho conqueror descends to tho barbarism of the conquered. At no period of the struggle, unhappily, could England put forth hor whole power to strike, in mercy, a decisivo blow. The ser- vice in Ireland was starved throughout tho roign of Henry VIII, by that king's reckless wars upon tho Continent, and the bank- ruptcy to whioh, in spite of his immense confiscations, his finances wore reduced.' The governments of Protector Somerset and of Mary wero distracted by other struggles and perils ; and Elizabeth had Spain ns well as Ireland on her hands.' But the host use was notmndo even of the forces which wero Bent. Ablo men, indeOd, wore appointed to the command. . Bellinghan,St. Leger,' . Sydney, Porrot, and Lord Mountjoy 'were, tn soldiors and statesmen, worthy of an, ago which, from tho union of high "intellectual cultivation with habits ol action among tho higher classes, was singularly fruitful of men suited nt once for war and council, But tho constant change of governors produced a porpotual osoillalîon of polioy between severity and domeney, force and conciliation, preference for tko English and preference for the Irish interest, whioh was ill-adapted to command tho submission of a quick-witted and high-mettled race. " The people of that oountry," says the author of the Lifo of Sir -John Porrot,--'aro for the-most-part natur- ally wise, and able to observo tho best advantage- and-opportunity to obtain-their purposes." "The ignorance of tho governors'," says tho same writer, " had also sometimes given . great advantage to the ill-affeoted. subjects, who/béiüg.likoJ,,to colts not, well ridden, when they find'the rider not to'carry a straight ,even hand and a -sure seat, will strive to take the head,'and-run .away with their rider, or «"to cast him out of his seat (if .they.can." . Eaph^governor, during.his short period ¡of cb^mmand^lhad.much to learn, and probably,' if he brought with him .English notions pf administrqiion, much to unlearn. But'thósewho' had^he^wîU'and tíi'o power tp pursue a steady policy pf justice did not fail to ,experience ; the> correctness of the futher'remark,-" Yet' to say the truth, tho pebple pf ,'that country 'love to bo justly dealt Iwith'al by' 'their ; "governors, however they^.deal'-.with .¿no. anathor,.. and will do more1 afc;the. command of- their governor, whom.tliey-réputé' and 'have'"found' to be just than by thé Jtriot execution bf tho laws or oQnBtrainfc of,any, force or power;". ! 1 The beneficent administration of fir Jobn Porrot was embarrassed and at length over- thrown, by delation and intrigue. These, curs'ésjnhérent'in the government of depen doncies, were'evèi>'present to thwart tho work of subjugation"and settlement. The eviLinfluèncB'bf 'the unscrupulous "and san guinary'faotioñs wkichV darkly .struggled for ascendancy in.the Counoils of Henry VIII. was>seen in the mysterious fall and death of Lord Leonard,"Gr¿y. Nor did favouritism fail to play its part! Elizabeth) afc tho most' critical, moment ^of a desperate struggle, gave the command an the.':Nethórland3 Ito the incompétent lieicestérf'and the com- mand in Ireland to tho equally incompetent' Esses. - - - \- 'Finally-there was corruption; "corruption in the .very .vilest .'form,; corruption' which preferred'war j;p;,peíice tbécáus'e "war held out hopes of lucre .which peace threatened ito destroy;; < The great events' -rind' discoveries-, , .of the.,Elizabethan era^ .^rpduc^ed, a, Jove j of 1 'adventure.'Nvhtoli bröke forth" in'.eyery,direc'J : tion'i and varied in. tho" dignity oft its .objects' and in its charaoter, from the' 'height j pf. . heroism to the deptlf of baseness. The eagles': took wing forthë SpqhiSb! main ; the vultures descended úp.pñ'Ireland.' K daring usejoí' his sword prooured^ for)the adventurer ;in the 'Spanish colonies' romantic Avealfh in the ..shape of(ingo'ts^and rioli bales ;!;a'd'e'sterdus ' 'use of intrigáe/^.oKicánery/'and thé art1 of, inciting, to rebellion, procured for ,th'o shar- per in Ireland wealth less' rómdntio,'" but more solid,and lasting,^.nj,^hç. shapo of con- fiscated lands. - The appearance of these adventurérs,ànd ;thä:'corhmencemont of their hateful trade, wade ,the .war internecine." Submission'may. avail with the''tyrant but never with ithe confiscator. , ' :, In tho beginning of-Elizabeth's reign the great rebelchieftain, Shane O'Neil, appeared in London . on,-thé 'wise invitation of the Queen, conveyed through bis. cousin, the loyalist Earl of Kildare, The chieftain was attended through." the . streets by a guard of gallow-glass armed with osés, bare- headed, their hair falling in curls, yellow. Blurts dyed with saffron, long sleeves, short coats and- hairy ;mantlos... He marched ? in *this order to the palacej where he was presented to,the Queen, and threw^hiin'self on his face before her, confessing his rebellion "with howling." His want of courtliness amused the courtiers; but the Queen seems to have exerted her tact and cordiality of manner to ?win his heart. - - T ' But this wäsiönly an interlude. The long reign of Elizabeth""was, in Ireland, one of incessant : vvàr,.'chiefly against tho great ' rebels, as they were called, John O'Neil, Des- mond, and Tyrone. In Iohn O'Neil, who was ' slain.' by the foulest treachery, and1 Des-, mond, who when an aged and helpless wanderer was cruelly .hunted down and butchered, may be said to have perished the last, properly speaking, of the Irish Chiefs ; Tyrone, was more an English ^courtier and. soldier than an Irish chiftain. In this res-' peet he resembled Owen1 Glendower, the last leader who raised the standard of indepBn- J dence in WaleB. He' Held his title ond estates under an.-English grant, though' it was one which confirmed the Erehon rule entitling bastards to theirsharein thesucces sion.. He had moved with distinction in the brilliant court ' of Elizabeth, and his polite- ness and address appear to have caught the susceptible . fancy, .of t. the -r Queen.._..His military, talents| were,proved .by, the length. and skilfulness of Iiis resistance : and they were,aided by the knowledge of oharaoter and the dexterity-in dealing with men whioh he had acquired- by-oonverse. with the'great world. Essex, as Lord Lieutenant; com- manded against him! Tyrone, woll knowing his man, sought a pérspnal conference. The two generals led their armies to the opposite banks of a riverj >an'd then rode to a ford. Scarcely had the feet bf Essex's charger touched tho water, when Tyrone spurred his horse into the ;stream till tho watery rose above his saddle,., and crossed tb the other aide -to" pay his homage to his illustrious opponent. The chivalrous soul of Essék was touched and his. vanity flattered by suoh an act of courtesy and confidence; in the conversation which.followed ho. opened his oar and heart to tho wily chieftian, and when, the conference ended ho was undone. Tyrone'had served tho Crown 'loyally against other rebels,'and it does not ajipear that he would have rebelled himself, had he not seen too well that 'his'vast estates wero:' marked by the confiscators for their prey He received his last "warning in the foto' of tho neighbouring chief ' M'Mahon, .who \yns brought to trial, it is said, before a jury of common.soldiers,'', and executed . ort á tech- nical charge of treason, for having collected his rentó after the,'Irish fashion,-with tho strong hand while tho/official harpies ¡by, whom hq)had; [been ."niurderied 'chared his' lands. '- ? , . ;. -, ? j ... Spenser saw.tho state of Munster after these wars. The people, he ' says/ " .were there brought to,such wrotoheduoss, as that any stony henrt would have rued the same. Out of every corner of tho woods and glens I they came creeping forth upon their hands,1 for their legs would not hear them; they looked like anatomies of death, they spoke like ghosts orying out of their graves; they idid eat the dead carrions, happy where they could find thom, yen, and one another soon after, in so niuoh as tho very carcasses they spared not to sorapo out of their graves ; -and, if they found a plot of water-oresses or sbamrooks, thereithey flocked asi .tb a' feast for-the time, yot not able long to continuo therewithal ; ¡ BO that in. short;spaco there wore none almost left, and a most populous and plentiful country suddenly left, void pf man and beast ;' yet sure in all that WOT, there perished not' many by:the sword, but all by the extremity ol^famine, which they themselves had wrou The famine;; lot the Lord Deputy's secre- tary say'what he'pleases, even supposing the people wasted their- own'.country'in self-, defence, was caused by the cruel 'war/Another power of e.vil o£- tkemosfc deadly kind had now appeared 'in 'full1 force upon the seeder Tho ferocity and., the 'horrors- of civil' war ' had been increased b'y foreign intervention. Ireland had at last) .been fairly/ drawn: into the spreading vortex of the great religious war %vnich raged' for, , a century between tho Catholic and Protestant.povy^rs.fand carried blood anidesolation'- not into' Irish homos alone,; but' into the ü_'omesof, aH:/Christen- dom. "{Previous"'to" "Jhe wara o~f "Elizabeth, perhaps, . religion- iliad not nmuch to do ?with Irish' - insurrections; The deoróés 'of the Romanising j'synod of Cashel-haying romaine- almost.inoperative beyond the Pale, the Church,of thp ; native Irish septs Btill, rotainsd much"'" of its irregular] and isolated oharaciejï iqnd. ,was far from being .peculiarly under the jinfluence of Rome. The chiefs seem to have paid-little, attention , to j the English or Anglo-Irish Reformation. They recognised Henry VIII, with perfect faoility, not only, as King ' of Ireland, but as Supreme Head ^of. tb p( Irish Churoh; and .they \yould "'probably Have recognised him with.oqual facility as Caliph br as <3rnnd. Llama. .. Even: so: ilate 'as""tho reign of 'Elizabeth it,'-Ä17 thôùgh't'-'that. 'Desmond .'.would haye' ''Béèii;1 frilling,' for ' the' seourity of "his estates,, '/not onlyto submit to the jurisdiction; but' to : embrace.! tho roligion of the Crown. £ The-( Pope _was anxious to d'ub'Tyr'6ne','the:çhampiôn"of the. ¡Holy,See in Ireland.,i",He, sent,,him, with his benediction , & plums of phce,nis feathers, hot the last gift of.:the kind- whioh Ireland tías received1 from''the "'Sympathy1 of foreign .liberators.,jr But Tyrone, who; ,had shone at a Protestant .court, i appearai to t have boen a man of the world.-and yery'ihdifferent about ^thesé things'.' '; " Hang thee," ' Bpicl''_3sso x ; to him, ]" i^àvL\^kè6tlot.!p,_.'^iko\s&t;(ii8e of religion ; thou carestías little .for religion as my- horse." Thë7;'^encroachments 'of'tlie colony on tho;nati've''ckiefs, and the resistance bf the' native chiefs tp';tho colony, went on during the reign, of Mary, ns w!ell; as during the reign of Edward VI. ;' and £ke< names of King's County and Queen's County borne by the territory, conquered in. the time of that Queen arid ,her ..IiuBbarid, ' are memorials bf tlië fact that the policy of, the Catholic Reaction as "regarded Troldhd was that of other English governments interested in tho prosecution of the conquest. After the final rupture between tho Crown of EBgland= and¡the Papacy, "which tóók place at the com- mencement of Elizabeth's reign> and, the .publication by the Tope of the sentence of excommunication and deposition against the Queen, severer measures began' to be adopted against Popish reousnnts in both kingdoms-; and before long Jesuits and seminary priests thrown into Ireland, jingled by their intriguing activi^7'the spirit of religious with that of territorial war. Afc tte same time a Catholic Episcopate, appointed by the Pope, was organised1 in opposition to that of tho Reformed Churoh, and ev.ery effort was made*to give the Papal" Church in Ireland a distinct existence, to inspire it with,'.a martyr- spirit, and prevent it from bowing the kneo to Baal. And in truth it soon gave names to tho same list -of' sufferers for conscience' 'sake, which holds the" "namps. of , Cranmer, Lati.mer, , and .. Ridley.;,' -Yet "race and political interest outweighed " (religious party. ? Catholic^ of, the Pale were freely employed in tho Royal armies, and actively exerted. themselves Against tho armies of Catholic Spain... That'violentUltramontan lo.a which absorbs all the duties and in- terests of the citizen in ,those pf, the Roman devotee, was,¡like Jesuitism, the; peculiar offspring of the great struggle in which the; world was ínow -beginning tb'' b'à involved; it had senrcely heen foiirid dmóng ecclesias- tics, and never ¡among laymon^in the Catho- lic communities of the Middlo'Ages. < Liko tho persecuting spirit of ; the^Cr^sadèrs, the terrorism of the Jacobins, and-tile Protestant fanaticism ôf, the Orange faotion, it was a moral epidemic produced by the accidents of a particular orisis in history, and destined like all such epidemics, ultimately . to pass away. 1 _ ? (To be continued.) 