THE CHARITABLE INSTITUTIONS OF SYDNEY. No. XIV. Sydney Infirmary and Dispensary (continued. 1 Besides the resident surgeon and the district surgeon, there are ten medical officers -whose services are gratuitous — namely, a honorary consulting physician, a honorary consulting surgeon, four honorary physi cians, and four honorary surgeons. These gentlemen pay the greatest attention to the duties of their respec tive offices — quite as much attention, indeed, as if they -were in receipt of liberal salaries from the insti tution. There are no class of men, with the exception perhaps of clergymen, who are called upon to devote so much of their time and their energies to works of benevolence as are medical practitioners of all grades. Yet they doit cheerfully. There are a few exceptions, no doubt ; but they are so few as only to prove the rule. The honorary physicians and surgeons of this institu tion not only divide among themselves the charge of all the patients therein, but consult together as to every case which requires peculiar consideration. The patients in the infirmary have, therefore, the advan tage, in any case of difficulty, of the professional talent of all these gentlemen. The medical officers likewise form, collectively, a kind of advising board as to the internal management of the Infirmary, and as such have from lime to time offered many very valuable suggestions. The present honorary medical officers are the following : — The Hon. J. Macfarlane, M.D., M.L.C., consulting physican ; Mr. Charles Nathan, consulting surgeon; II. G. Alleyne, M.D. ; J. C. Cox, M.D. ; A. M. Brown, M.D. ; and Arthur Renwick, M.D., physicians ; P. S. Jones, M.D. ; Charles M'Kay, M.D. ; Mr. Alfred Roberts, and Mr. E. Bedford, surgeons. The office of resident surgeon and apothecary is a salaried one. The duties attached to this office may be pretty well gathered from its title, and as will be readily supposed, it is a very arduous post. Upon the resident surgeon devolves the immediate professional charge of all the patients, and attention to any of their cases when the physician or surgeon under whose care they have been placed is unavoidably absent. He attends to all cases of emergency, and has a variety of duties to perform in connection with the internal ad ministration of the Infirmary, the issue of medicines, the keeping of the medical and surgical records, &c.; He is interdicted from private practice of any kind, and is prohibited from being absent more than three hours at any one time without leave of the weekly committee. In all coses of absence, however temporary, he is required to inform the matron of such absence, and to enter in a book kept for that purpose a memorandum as to where he is to be found. The present resident surgeon, Mr. Hugh Houston,* has held this office from the time the Infirmary was first established. The fact of his hav ing continued so long to hold so arduous a post is a sufficient guarantee of his peculiar fitness for it. There are six district surgeons, among whom the whole dispensary practice, and the attendance on out patients in the city and suburbs, are divided. These gentlemen have small allowances from the funds of the institution. The regular allowance to a district surgeon is £50 per annum, but additions of £10 and £15 have been made to those of two of these gentlemen, on account of their attendance in certain suburbs beyond their former limits. Looking at the nature and extent of the duties attaching to the post of district surgeon, these allowances, it will be seen, arc very small. They are but j ust sufficient to take these gentlemen out of the class of honorary officers. But then like the other medical officers of the institution, they must be supposed, we presume, to be more in fluenced by feelings of benevolence and by the expe rience to be derived from increased professional practice, than by the Email emoluments attaching to their respective offices. The present district M6 Mi. I. — ? ? ? ? jxr. Myles Egan, Mr. John Moon, Mr. H. Graham, Mr. W. Grey, and Mr. J. C. Gilhooley. All the medical officers of the Infirmary ate elected by the subscribers, and provision is made in the rules for the retirement of these officers the resident Surgeon excepted) in rotation. They are, however, eligible for re-election, and are generally re- elected if willing to act. No gentleman can be a medical officer of this Institution — either honorary or salaried — un- less he has a British qualification as physician or surgeon (as the cose may be), and has obtained a certificate from the New South Wales Medical Board. The directors have power to dismiss the Resident Surgeon for good cause, and to appoint another person to act in his place until the next annual meeting ef subscribers. There are two dispensers, Mr. W.P. Grompton, and Mr. James. Until latterly there was but one dispenser but it was found utterly impossible to get through the work without a second. The magnitude of the work in this branch of the establishment will be readily understood when it is borne in mind that all the out.patient6 frain the several districts get their medicines here. Provision is made for the admission to the In firmary of pupils. The articled apprentice or pupil of any legally recognised medical practitioner in the colony may, on the approval of the weekly committee, be admitted as a pupil of the Infirmary on paying to the funds of the Infirmary a subscription of £4 4s. for the first year of his attendance, £3 3s. for the second year, and £2 2s. for the third year. After this, he is to hare free admission. These pupils arc privileged to attend all operations and post mortem examina tions, as well as to visit the wards when any of the physicians or surgeons are present, and to observe the practice of these gentlemen. They have also access to all the books in which the cases of the various patients, and the treatment of these patients are registered. Now, looking at the iomprehensive nature of this institution, embracing » ErrenwDSll named as Mr. William Houston, in a former article. . ; as it does cases of all classes, both medical and sur gical, Is perhaps one of the very best schools to which we medical student could resort. There are, we are told, hut' few hospitals even in England where so great . a variety of cases -would be found grouped together as in tho Sydney Infirmary. And yet, Btrange to say, there is but one pupil at present in attendance at this establishment. There have for merly been more ; and some gentlemen who have now an eminent position in their profession have been pupils - at the Infirmary. But the attendance of pupils has never been anything like what might have been expected, considering the advantages which were and still are offered. Pupils can also attend the dispensary for instruction in the com pounding of medicine and making up of prescriptions on paying to the resident surgeon an annual fee of £3 3s. Why it is that this institution is not resorted to more largely as a school for young men in the various branches of the healing art -we are at a loss to under stand. Complaints have been frequently urged as to the difficulty of finding an outlet for the Australian youth. The Bar has already been cast open to those w hose talent lies in that way, and there arc plenty of attorneys' offices in which the young aspirant for enrolment can ' serve his articles.' In some of the Churches, too — if not in all — honours are attainable on the spot. The Sydney Infirmary supplies the remain ing want as to an opening to 'the learned profes sions a good and readily accessible school of medi cine and surgery.' The next person in official importance in this estab lishment (and perhaps the most important of all as to 'herinfiutnee in the internal working of the institu tion) is the matron. The lady who at present fills thte situation — Mrs. Ghost— has been in the Infirmary since the time of its establishment in the year 1845. Her first appointment was that of nurse, but she has been matron since 1852. The post of the matron is a most difficult and responsible one. She is what may be termed the housekeeper of the establishment — doing and seeing to even- thing which in a private house would be done and seen to by the mistress of it. The good order of the whole Infirmary, and the cfiiciency of the warSsmen, nurses, and other ser vants connected with it, must obviously depend in a great measure upon the competency and energy of the matron ; just as the general management of any private household must depend upon the cha racter and temper of the mistress. So far as we are able to pronounce an opinion, we Bhonld say that Mrs. Ghost is just the person for this post, and her long experience must have given her a thorough knowledge of all its duties. The functions of the house- steward (Mr. 'Williams) are sufficiently explained by his title, but there is more work attaching to this office than any one who has not enquired into the matter could possibly imagine. Besides the weighing out and distribution of provisions, &c.;, he has to keep a number of books in wh'ch every possible thing re lative to the internal administration of the establish ment is recorded. The quantity of writing which tbiB flit ails must be seen to be appreciated. No doubt, however, it is all quite necessary, and these records arc certainly very useful. Every change of diet to every patient is thus recorded, after having been initialled by this resident surgeon ; and the necessary memoranda for this kitchen, fee., have to be made upon each of these alterations. Now there are four classes of diets. Full-diet, half-diet, low* diet, and spoon- diet. The first three of these are fixed rations of various kinds — i. each person's diet is the same in each class, although each class differs from the other. The Bpoon-dict on the contrary is just anything the medical officers in attendance upon the various patients may thick it necessary to -order. Probably of all the spoon-diets ordered in the institu tion no two are wholly alike ; foT if they are tho same as to one meal, they differ as to other meals. And all those differences have to be carefully recorded, noted, and provided for. On the day that we examined into these matters — on the 26th of March last — the issues -were 35 full diets, 44 half- diets, 5 low diets, and 127 spoon diets. The clerk, Mr. H. Russell, keeps all the minutes, books of account, &c.;, and docs all the duties of like character which are naturally entailed in the manage ment ut such an establishment as this. The servants ^-f the IuSrmary consist of five female nurses, three for the day and two for the night ; twelve wardsmen, ten for the day and two for the night ; four laundresses, three servants employed in the kitchen, a male and female general servant, a messenger and his wife (both of whom perform various duties about the establishment), and a gatekeeper and his wife. One recommendation which, we understand, the honorary medical officers have urged, more than oaee, upon the directory, is the importation of a body of muses trained under Miss Nightingale's system. It is with very great diffidence that we venture to express any opinion wliich may be at issue with that of authorities so much higher than our own as the honorary medical officers ; but having formed such an opinion, we are bound, as we conceive, to give utter ance to it. We doubt, then, the expediency of this proceeding, and we doubt its necessity, 'it is not quite so certain that these trained nurses would sue. teed. They were considered a failure, we are told, at one institution — we think at Glasgow, and if they did not succeed there they would be less ' likely to succeed here where tho climate and habits of ' the people are different. It is probable, too, that they would share a little too much in the feeling which is so general amcng persons of the working class who come to Australia — that they ought to make a speedy fortune, and would be, consequently, discontented. A second reason is, that while females willing and apparently competent to undertake the duties of nursing, are readily procurable upon the spot, it seems scarcely fair to expend a large portion of the revenues of an institution supported by volun tary subscriptions, and by grants from the public puise, in the importation of a number of nurses from Europe. Thirdly, we cannot understand why a sufficient number of nurses cannot be trained at the Infirmary itself. There are nurses there already who have been engaged in their duties many years, and who must be competent to teach others. With the active superintendence of a person so experienced as the present matron, and the able supervision of the medical officers themselves, there could be no difficulty, we should think, in training any number of nurses. As far as our obser vation went, everything seemed to go on exceed ingly well. But there may have been points in which improvement is needed, which escaped our attention, or as to which we were not competent to judge. Surely, however, if any improvements in the system of nursing at the Infirmary are necessary, the bchorary medical officers could themselves bring about these improvements. C. S. 