I INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. \ NEW SOUTH WALES. THE BERTBAND AND KINDER OASE. (ABBIDOED THOM THE 8ÏDNEY MORNING HERALD ) i In the Criminal Court, on Friday, 23rd February, the evidence in this case being com- pleted, and hisHonourhaviugsummed up, the jury retired at a quarter past six o'clock. In two hours they returned with a verdict of "Guilty." The prisoner being asked if ho had any- thing to 6ay why sentence Bhould not be passed upon him, made the following state- ment; his voice betraying no trepidation, and perhups only a natural weakness : Although ably defended by Mr. Dalley and others acting in my behalf, I still have to call your Honour's attention to the fact that throughout the defence no evidence has been taken to prove that Kinder had intimated his intention or threatened in any way to take his own life. This was an oversight by Mr. Dalley. Witnesses might have beon brought to prove that Kinder, Bhortly before his death, threatened to shoot or drown him eelf. and stated that he had firearms, powder, and shot in the house, with which ho in- tended to do it. He was in euch a state of mind from nervous depression that he had to leave the bank. I have lent him money until I told him I could do no more for him. He was iu such difficulty that nothing in his house bolonged to him. This letter from Now Zealand pressed heavily upon him ; and 1 have witnesses who could prove not only that the letter waa given into my hands, but that it came from New Zealand ; and it was quite sufficient to upset the mina of a man labouring under hia embarrassments. Neither Mrs. Kinder nor my wife were called, although they could prove my innocence. A certain amount of intelligence and ability is imputed to me, and yet It la assumed that I would entrust such a terrible secret to women, who are known not to be in the habit of keeping Becrete. If I could have poisoned him, why should I have shot him? Then aa to tho statements I made. I waa in the habit of hearing jokes and joining in them very freely, with a great deal of nonsense, about the time of prosecuting Jackson, as to shooting men and tunning away with their wivofl, and it was in jest that I told my sister what she haa stated. But by a kind of fatality, circumstances have been brought together that make it almost evident that lam guilty. If I made con fcBBions, and my conscience pricked moi yet I denied them directly afterwards I have been fairly and impartially tried ; but I do complain that theCiown seemed more intent upon takiDg my life than waa warranted to satisfy the endB of juBtice. If I die I nm murdered, and in eplte of the decision of the twelve men who have given this verdict I defy the world to say that there has been a murder. I do not caro for life ; all I am now interested in being to vindicate myself in justice to my family. I have been unkind to my wife, maddened as I was by love for thla woman, and Bhe never seemed satisfied with the mention of my passion. I wrote that diary not intending it for the eyes of anybody but herself, and to gratify that romantic feeling which seemed to be port of her very nature. The facts I mention can be pioved. It ia not the end of justice to take the life of an Innocent man ; ita object must be to satisfy society by acting upon the ea tabliehed truth of facts either of innocence ' oí guilt. I was in tbe habit of leading a j looBe wild life, and now, because of it, there is imputed to mo a crime which was never thought of before Jackson alluded to it in biß letter. We two have discussed a marriage .with Mrs. Kinder-two men oflike character. He said it was not impossible for him to marry her, but that it was for me. Mrs. Kinder attri- buted her husband's suicide to jealousy of me, so that, although I am not actually his mur- derer, I was the instrument of his doatb. This pricked my conscience. Then I strove night und-duy to tear myself from the fascination which seemed to beset me-to repent of what I had done ; and endeavoured to be a better man. This may be ridiculed after what has transpired. It seems to be my fate, and I am content lo die. It is not death I fear, but I desire justice. The evidence on the inquest .was given truthfully, on my honour as I stand hero. I did not wish to expose Mrí. Kinder -it wflB not required that I should exposo her character or my own, so as unnecessarily to injure either of us. I said, " To the best of my beliof Kinder had no cause for the nnkind way in which he treated her." I was striving to teach her to make her- self a good home. There is évidence of all that. It may he said that Mr. Woods was not cnlled because he was intorosted, but I complain of the most unfair and most unjust manner in -which my caBe has boen treated from the beginning to the end-the ex part: statements at the police-office having, in con- travention of justice, boen published, and the whole ca6e put before the public to make a sensation. To this I attribute all the preju- dice against me. Your Honour ia not an in- terested party, and may have the means of ascertaining the troth of what I have said. No evidence has been taken 'us to whether Kindtr put himself out of the way; but evi- I dence is adduced to show that I had a motive in getting rid of him, and therefore it is assumed I put him out of the way. His Honour said,-It is no infrequent thing for me to lu ar protestations of innocence after conviction ; but I have never found it con- sistent with duty, tiutb, or tho interests of society, to accord them any serious considera- tion. Even under the gallows I have known their innocence protested by mun of whose guilt I havo felt as certain as of anything I have known personally myself, and whose guilt was demonstrated by evidence so clear that no human being possessed of the power of reason could doubt for an instant that the result arrived at had been right. Of course, these protestations with many personB go for much ; but by those with more experience, equal feeling, moro responsibility, who desire to see justice and nothing more, they really pass unheeded. You are evidently a porson of great ability, acuteness, and considerable cunning, with sufficient cleverness to seize u pon weak points and make them appear an ex- cuse, which to reflecting persons could be no palliation whatever. You say you aro notafraid to die, and I trust you are not ; but believe me, that in the opinion of a great majority of thiuking men wherever this evidence will go, you ought not to be allowed to hope for- giveness here. You snyyoadeBire only to clear your character. For whose sake ? For tbe sake of your wifo and children? Can it be possible that any human being who has heard what has pasBed at this trial, who has read the diary, who knows your intercourse with that abandoned woman, supposes that you attempt to clear your character foi the sake of your wife and chil- dren ? How can you, who in the Bame breath utter a falsehood, be believed in this V The jury havirg pronounced their verdict, I am now at liberty to look at other matters I did not think proper to refer to before. I did not read ono Uno of thai to which I am now going to allude. I was informed that Mrs. Kinder might poBBibly have been tried upon evidonco to bo given by your wife. Upon inquiry 1 then made, I found that she had Indeed given some information, that she was stated to have given to jour own sister, in a confes- sion ; but having been permitted to see you, I believe she has receded from it. (Prisoner. " I have never seen my wife sinco I have boen in gaol.") Then it may be possible she has not receded from it. I shall feel myself called upon, after your address, to lay before the public that statement. If she was not called as a witness, you muBt, with the intelligence you possess, have known that sho could not be called. She has made a state- ment which, unless your sister is porjured, positively confiims the verdict of the jury. (Prisoner.-"My Bister is per- jured.") Then the case displays unparalleled wickedness ; but thiB the deepest in dye-that a BiBter, for no object of hor own, should falsely state that your own wife admitted to her that you had shot Kinder. She may havo some remains of affection for your children, and even for the character of their father ; but can I doubt that your sister spoke tho truth when Bbe said she heard this extraordinary statement from you ? I do not beliovo you are an insane man, but a perfectly sano man would never have made the declarations you have made ; and I thoroughly boliove your sister when she related this :-" I said to his wife, 'Good God, has Henry really shot him? ' and she answered ' Yes, he has.' " Her details, loo, are quite consistent with my idea of the mode in which tho deed was done. Cau any one doubt the guilt when a man is accused by wife and sister, and their statement sus- tains and accords nith ali tbo probabilities of the case? I hear your declaration with nor row and with pain, but I place not the slightest dependence upon it, 1 have a greater respon- sibility thau the jury ; and I declare t J you now, before God, 1 beliovo you thoroughly guilty, and I have no more doubt of it than that you are before mo at this moment. When I first heaid the case I did entertain doubts, and I have lulu awake hours thinking over the various points involved, and deter- mined if those doubts were not removed not to try you again. But now I have not thu slightest doubt of your guilt, and I believe I can demonstrate to any man that you are guilt j*. I think it utterly impossible for a rational person to believe that toot man shot himself-j^You say he had intentions. I nave had great experience in criminal trials, ex- tending over thirty-two years, and have tried porbapB moro cases than uny judge in any country, and I have never known a oaso cleaier than your own ; nor have I known a single case ia which a man who was really determined to kill himself talked about it to bis friends. If a man talks of committing suicido, it is almost u proof that bo never intends to take his life. Is there the slightest probability that without any temptation and with his pipo in his month-having only half an hour before been playing with his child, and just bought oysters for his wife and given them to the servant to prepare for supper-this unfor- tunate man should, no ptBtol having been seen in his possession about that time, go into tbedrawingroom in your presence, in the pre- sence of your wife aud his own, and c J mm it a bungling attempt at suicide like that de- scribed by_ you? No person ever heard of such a thing in the annals of crimo. Hu might havo been embarrassed, and addicted to drinking. Had he not been a drunkard, his wife, probably, would not have b;en seduced by Jackson, and you would not have debauched her. If drink did not give the temptation to crime by him it allorded opportunities for crime in others. All the records of criminal courts show re- peated instances of crime being committed through the agency of drunkenness-tbo vic- tim being a drunkard, and affording oppor- tunities for crime against himself. 1 do not think Kinder was drunk on that day, but whether drnnk or sober it is inconceivablo that he could have intended to take his life in that bungling, stupid, incredible manner. Then I find you bad every temptation, every motive, for destroying him. You were madly in love with this woman, with a passion eat- ing into your vitals, and you would havo committed any crime to have her as your own. Half mad I behove you to he, for yon never could have talked as you did unless there was a partial disturbance of your mind-wild, eccentiic, strange, to an utterly unprecedented degroe. your mind was overshadowed by the influence this unhappy woman had acquired over you. I hear you say that at the time of writing to her the impassioned sentences, burning with love, you bad no other intent than to satisfy the cravings of her romantic feelings. Why, you admit that you wrote them as a deep and abandoned hypocrite. I do not believe it. I believe that, maddened by the passion of your attachment to her, you did this terrible deed, and your statements previous were to be ac- counted for by the idea that in saying his death was likely to occur, when it eventually took place, you as his friend would not be looked upon with suspicion. I do not make any escuses for Jackson ; bia conduct was extremely bad. But I feel some sympathy for him, believing that he spoke the truth. I think he deserves punishment, but I tho law was never meant for a case like hie. You had previously uttered dark hints of tti" probability of Kinder's sudden death-you told him not to bo surprised at anything hu might hear, and when ho heard that your victim hod committed suicide, the conviction flashed across his mind that he had met his death nt your hands. Horrified at this con- viction, friendless, and without money, ho writes to you for £20, that he might leave thu country where such a crime had beon com- mitted. He did nut threaten to charge you with a crime of which he know you wore innocent. . His conduct, no doubt, was highly reprebensible ; but I believe ho has Buffered enough already, and ought to bo pardoned. Yon say that a prejudice has been raised sgainBt you. and that you are the victim of that prejudice ; but I believe that tho colony, from one end of it to tho other, will feel Battened of the justice of tho verdict that has been returned against you. There can be nothing more painful to a judge than when he contemplates the possibility of innocence in a man upon whom it is his duty to pasB Bentence; but I am certain that the verdict is a true one, and therefore am spared the additional pain I should feel if 1 had any doubt of your guilt. You have complained of being cbaructerieod as a fiend ; but, good God ! your conduct has not been that of a man. I certainly can look on you with BOUIO degrco of compassion, because I believe you have not been possessed of oil tho better faculties of our natur. . but you knew per- fectly well what you were doing, and are ac- countable for all you have done. It haa not been my wish to add to your present Buffer- ings by unnecessarily referriug to the circum BtanceB connected with the ciimo of which you have been convicted ; but I considered it my Bolemn duty to say what I have. His Honour proceeded to pass sentence of death upon the prisoner In the usual form, aud ex- horted him. to employ the short time that would bo allotted to him to seek forgiveness of God and not of any earthly tribunal. Luring the whole of the learned judge's addrtss, the prisoner displayed the utmost firmness, and he smiled at somo ono near the dock aß he waa removed. Prior to leaving the dock, the prisoner asked the Chief Justice if he Bhould bo allowed to Bee his wife. His Honour told the prisoner that he must make any application of that sort to the Bheiiff ; but that he (tho judge) Bhould advise the sheriff to be very careful beforo he consented to any application of the prieonor that might had to difficulty. POST OFFICE ROBBERY. - Writing from Dubbo, on the 20th inst., a correspondent says :- I have just learned that the post-office here was robbed last night. It is stated that ac onsiderable sum of money was carried off, besides a quantity of postage-stamps, and the letters which arrived by yesterday's mail." THE NEW BISHOPRIC - A private letter was received by the last mail from an old colonist, announcing that the Kev. Dr. Waddelaw is to be appointed Bishop of Grafton and Armi- dale. NEW ZEALAND GOLD-FIELDS.- WO have been favoured with the following private telegram :-" A great rU6h is taking placo to Qkaritai. A second Ballarat discovered. Steamers crowded leaving Hukitika and other places for the river." QUEENSLAND. ACuniosiTY.- Mr. Robert EaBton, of Dry Creek, has forwarded to the museum in Sydney the skin of a most curious species of Hying squirrel, which a cat had brought to his house. The animal did not weigh half an ounce when dead, and its body was less than theBizeof an ordinary mouaeconsiderably ; but the most extraoidinary portion of this species is the tail, which is completely a feather. Mr. EaBton, who has been for many yoars accus- tomed to the bush of Australia, and is a small naturalist in his way, states that it is quite a discovery.-Richmond Examiner (Grafton), Feb. 20. WILD BULLS.-In this district there are scattered a laigo number of these, and it is most dangerous to chase them, though parties occasionally try the sport of destroying thom. A short time since a young man narrowly, escaped being gored by a wounded animal. The horse he waa riding was seriously hurt by the horn entering his flank.-Ibid. CRVI'S.-The late showery weather has tended to the improvement of maize and tobacco. - A largo quantity of the latter is now being prepared for tho markets, and the quality is loported generally as excellent. Ibid. SHIPBUILDING IN BRISBANE.-On Thursday forenoon a fine schooner yacht waa launched from the building-jard of Air. E. Monk, at South Bribbane, for the Hon. G. Harris. The vcBBel in question is an old friend, known as the Hamlet's Ghost, and she has undergone such a metamorphosis that no one acquainted with her original form would recognise her as the same craft. Her history has not been au uneventful one. The original "Ghost," as she is familiarly called,'.was build ou a coral reef off our north-east coast by the cast-away crew of a whaling schooner belonging to Sydney, named the Prince of Denmark. The reef had been occupied by the master of this whaler, Captain Bennett, us a dopOt for stores, &c;, and it was in approaching it that that vest el was wrecked. Tho crew reached the depot in safety by meanB of tho boats ; and to cEcape from this dreary and desolate snot, they built a boat of tho remaina of the schooner and some boat planks which Captain Bennett had in store. In her Captain Bennett and his crew, after Buffering considerable hard- ships, succeeded iu reaching this port. Sub- sequently Bbo was purchased by her present owner for £100. Ile laid out a considerable sum upon her to fit her for the lightering ti ado, and had her altered from a schooner to a ketch. As a lighter abo was nota profitable vessel, owing to her small capacity for cargo, and ultimately she was laid up. More re- cently she was placed in the hands of Mr. i Monk*, to convert her into a pleasure yucht, and the result may be seen in the smart little Bchooner now moored oil' his yard at the BOUth Bide. Mr. Monk has also on hand a vessel of a very difierent class ; we allude to thu light- ship building for the Queensland Govern- ment, and intended to be stationed at Keppel Bay. Within a hundred yards of this vessel Mr. W. Pettigrew has the keel of a steamer laid. This vessel will be about thirty tons burthen, with a light draught, and is in- tended to tow rafts of timber for the supply of hiB extensive sawmills.-Courier. TASMANIA. (FROM THE LAUNCESTON TIMES, FED. 23 ) FINGAL QUARTZ REEFS.-Mr. W. J. Nor- wood, managing director of the Union Quartz Company, who has boen on a visit to Fingal, returned to town on Wednesday, bringing iu the result of the fortnight, crushing, in the shape of thitty ounceB of gold. This is an increase of eleven ounces on tbo previous fortnight's return, which was nineteen ounceB. The exact quantity of quartz from whioh the thirty ounces were obtained is not known. The previous fortnight's crashing was 230 tons. A still better yield is expected the further the reef is entered. Wa learn that the Fingal Company is standing still for water. The Alliance has a small machine, and is about to set to work with one of Wheeler's amalgamators. Several parties aro prospecting, but little is being actually done except by the Union Company. A RELIGIOUS SEIIVICE was held yesterday morning, at Trinity Church, for the purposo of enabling tho clergy of the archdeaconry to hear the Rev. W. A. Brooke make a state- ment of his belief in the .doctrines of the church, according to a wish expressed by the bishop. The archdeacon, who summoned the clergy, was presont, as the official repre- sentative of the bishop, to receive Mr. Brooke back aB an acting minister of the church. Morning prayer was read by'the Rev. F. Ualee. The canticles and responses were chanted by the choir, and hymn 21G, from hymns ancient and modern, sung. The Rev. \v. A. Biooke then went to tho lectern, and read a Bhort account of his past doubts and preBent acceptance of all the articles of the Christian faith. Tho archdeacon, as- sisted by the Kov. A. Stackhonse, adminis- tered the communion. There was a small lay congregation. The clorgy prosent woro the archdeacon, Meesrs. MasoD, Irwin, Wil- liams, Stackhouse, Norman, Ffookes, Brown- rigg, Barkwiiy, Hales, Arthur, and Dr. Browne, * _;_ The New York Commercial Chronicle pub- lishes a complete list of vessels destroyed or bonded by Confederate cruisers. It appears that there were four steamers, seventy-eight ships, forty-threo brigs, eighty-two barques, and Bixty-eight schooners- in all 276 vessels, of nearly 1,000,000 tons in the aggregate, cap- tured. 