NEWS OF THE WEEK. ?a. ? A return has been published showing the results of the selections under the Land Act of 1865 up to the end of that year. From these we gather the following particulars :— 257 areas were thrown open to selection, containing 3,847,308 acres, and 26,871 allotments. There have been 1573 selectors by certificate, who took up 180,978 acres, or an average by each of 178§ acres. The number of lessees was 5337, who leased 1,546,257 acres, giving an average of 289 3.5tbs to each. The number of acres withdrawn was 677,245, leaving 1,342,823 still open for selection. We are glad to learn that the Government are taking active steps for the preservation of the health of the children at the Sunbury industrial school. A high close fence, all round the buildings is at once to be commenced, which, when finished, will have the effect of sheltering them frem the incle ment winds ; and all further necessary steps will also be immediately carried out. .On. Wednesday morning, a man named. Michael M'Mahon was found floating in the Yarra, near the Johnston-street bridge. He had left home early in the morning on a fishing expedition, and nothing more was heard of him till he was found in the river. He was then insensible, and was at once re moved to the hospital, where the usual remedies, were applied successfully. On recovering con sciousness, he was unable to account for the manner in which he came to be in the river. The New Zealand Gazette of the 16th March gives a return of the quantity and value of gold exported from New Zealand from the 1st April, 1859, to the 31st December, 18,65. It is stated to be 2,324,085 oz, valued at £8,998,530. The condition of the Daylesford district is thus referred to by the Express: — 'There was a time when the population of the township congregated in Wombat Flat, and when land, in what is now Vin cent- street, could have been purchased, and was purchased, at so low a figure that the lucky pro prietors came into possession of little fortunes. Others rather behind-hand took up land, in what now constitutes the adjoining streets, and the ground rents derived therefrom, up to the period of the mania; yielded a handsome return. Things have cow changed ; property has become depreciated, and our sales by auction demonstrate that the original ? investors must have lost considerably by the sale of their tenements. Such fluctuations are peculiar to the gold-fields. The depreciation is, at present, at about ; its greatest, and an admirable opportunity offers for a wide-awake capitalist to realise hand somely. Apart from the land altogether — and there is jao scarcity of it in the market — an investment in the properties for sale might yield a very con siderable remuneration. Persons who have lost their employment, and are eager to leave the dis trict, are offering their domiciles, and enclosed and cultivated grounds, at very much ; less than they cost ; and should a good run of gold be discovered, a larger fortune might be made by such an invest ment than would result even from shares in a good paying claim. It is a speculation, but so was the land in Vincent-street ; so are shares in a mine. It is for those who have confidence in the future of the borough to take advantage of the present de preciation." A severe money loss, experienced by a hard working frugal couple, is recorded as follows by the Hamilton Spectator: — "A laboring man, named Peter M'Carteny, pretty well advanced in years, and utterly devoid of education and anything ap proaching to a capability for skilled labor, had saved up, by several years of frugality and real hard work, a sum of money amounting to about a hundred pounds. Having, as this class of people often have, an indefinable dread of savings banks or banks of any other description, he determined to be the cus todian of his hard earned savings, and so sovereign . waB added to sovereign in his slowly accumulating pile. At length he bethought him of using his cash, and determined on the purchase of a piece of land which he intended to make a home of, on which he and his wife could settle and be comparatively in dependent for the rest of their days. The bargain was made with a Hamilton land agent, and everything was arranged, and the money was to be brought in and paid on Saturday last ; when lo ! on his way into town the poor old man lost his bag of sovereigns from his coat pocket, their weight having burst through the material of the pocket and the coat lining. The loss took place a few miles from Hamilton on the Wannon-road, and the bag must have fallen on the highway, the loser having been on horseback and having kept the road. There cannot be the least doubt but that some one must have found it, but up to the present time the finder has made no move. A rewind is offered, through our columns, for its restoration, and we sincerely hope that the finder, whoever he may be, will have the honesty and the manliness to give the poor man back his hard- earned money. It is a dreadful thing for an aged couple to lose, in this way, the savings of many years, and a feeling of compassion, if not a feeling of honesty, should prompt the finder to make restitution." We have later files from Hokitika. The news from the gold-fields is of anything but an en- couraging character. A daring hoax had been played upon the diggers at Hokitika by a miner named Hunt, who reported the discovery of a gold- field by him in a locality which ceuld be reached from Bruce Bay. A rush was the consequence, but the ground was so broken and wild that prospecting was a work of the utmost difficulty and danger, and no gold could be found. We take the following items from the West Coast Times of the above date :— 'The Lioness, whioh left Bruce Bay on Sunday morning, brings up the very latest intelligence from \- that locality, and its tenor is such as to cause the gravest apprehensions that the result of the rush will be most disastrous. We are informed by a miner who returned in her that on Saturday night 'Dublin Jack' and the Maories (who were the last parties out searching after Hunt) had returned to the Bay unsuccessful, although they very nearly succeeded in capturing him, as they brought in with them his shirt and blanket. He, however, though so closely pushed, succeeded in escaping them. It is feared that several miners have perished in the bush, as one man is known to be missing, and also that he is totally unprovided with food or shelter, save such as the foreat may. afford him. Two more unfortunates were left behind by mates who were too much exhausted themselves to aid them urther. One of these, men had unfortunately fallen and broken his leg, and the other had, through over- exertion, burst a blood vessel. Unless quickly found and rescued their fate is sealed. Our infor mant further stated that the belief is rapidly, gaining ground amongst the diggers that Hunt has perpe- trated a cruel and daring hoax upon them in re- taliation for the treatment he received when on. ilie Greenstone. * * * * * The intelligence which yesterday reached us from Greymouth, con- bernirig the rusk to the Little Grey; is so unsatis fabtory and. conflicting, thak we wpuld most earnestly impress, upon miners at, a distance^ the ' advisability of waiting awhile, ero they risk a jour ney to that out of the way and impenetrable country. From a reliable source, we were informed that the rush was a failure, and that the Greymouth people were surprised at the numbers of miners flocking . in ; whilst Mr D. Girdwood , who left Greytown at the same time, declared that it was currently re ported, and believed that the miners on the Little Grey were making from 4 oz to 6 oz weekly, and some doing much better. The Wonga Wonga, which left the Grey yesterday morning, reports that the boatmen of that river had all left for the new rush, and that,: in consequence, it was expected freights up the river to the Twelve-mile would in a. day or tsvo be raised very considerably. We give these reports as' we get them; but as in a day or two authentic information will be certain to arrive, we think it; most advisable that in the meantime no action should be taken by those who are mediating a start to the new. field. We did hear, but -dp.no.6, creilit, the rumor thaj; a inob' of enraged aiggers had proceeded to the office of o«r contemporary at Greymouth, and demanded the name of- the party who , had reported the rush, threatening, in the evetit of . a. refusal, to i pall .the office down, and throw both editor, and .type into, the river.' , .; By the barque Clara Babayon, we have a Mauritius paper' of tHe, '27th. February. The only items of general news we 'find: irTit are the following,:— ' We have received the following intelligence from a. good source :— Baron Vanderdecken, the African explorer, with, his doctor, had been murdered by the natives. .The natives belonging to his pajrty bad arrived safe at Zanzibar, 'from wliencQ this informa tion was received. Among ' the deaths which are announced by this mail is that of Mr B. S. Hough ton,, who died at Bordeaux on the 15th January, at the age of seyentyrone. Mr Houghton was for many years partner in the house of Blyth Brothers ai;.d Co. ; he was for some time member of the Legis gislative Council, and in both of ' these positions he distinguished himself for his good sense, sound judgment, and honorable: bearing. Few men ever left Mauritius more respected.' , An anecdote of a member of the church militant is thus given by a country contemporary :—' A certain reverend gentleman, whose residence is not fifty miles from Castlemaine, on visiting some of his flock, heard a rather unpleasant rumor respecting himself, and, after a little trouble, was able to trace it back to its source—a well-to-do storekeeper. The clergyman walked into the store, and, when seated in tbe parlor alone with its owner, said :-— 'Mr - — — S' I'm told you had the good manners to say so-and-so of me behind my back ; is it true that you said it ?' The storekeeper replied, ' I didisay it; and it's truel' 'But you'll unsay it?' said the clergyman.' 'No,' replied the storekeeper. ? Then,' says the clergyman, ? I must make an impression on you, that'll remind you of your duty for a week of Sundays, before I go.' So, turning about, he looked the door, put the key in his pocket, took off his coat, and split the storekeeper's nose. That done, he wiped his knuckles, put on bis coat, mounted his horse, and, waving his. hand, said, ' That's an impression that won't wear off — good bye to you.' A short time since a paragraph appeared in our columns, extracted from the M. and D. Advertiser, which attributed rather discreditable conduct to Mr Crespigny, Jan., while at church at Talbot. It ap pears that the whole affair was greatly exaggerated. A correspondent writing to the above journal says : — ' I certainly think that the onus of attempting to cast unmerited odium on Mr Crespigny ^ jun., rests with the preacher, who caught sight of the junior Crespigny's watoh (would you believe it, Mr Editor, that the fact of this young gentleman having twice looked at his watch in the course of the sermon constituted the Bum total of his offence.) The bad taste and manifest unfairness of your correspondent in dragging the official position of Mr Crespigny into this matter, is only exceeded by the rev. gen tleman. Happily, Mr Crespigny and family are too much respected in the neighborhood in which they reside te be injuriously affected by anything that can be said against them, especially when emanat ing from an individual who, a&sasBin-like;, stabs in the dark, sheltering himself- behind an anonymous signature.' . ...,-. An extraordinary vacancy having occurred in the Richmond council, consequent upon the resignation of . Councillor Heaton, Saturday last was appointed as the day for nominating candidates to fill the vacancy. The only person nominated was Mr Wm. Gleadill, and that gentleman will therefore be declured duly elected on the 21st inst. The first appearance of Mr Fuller, the American champion skater, at the Theatre Eoyat, on Saturday evening, drew a large and fashionable audience. The performance of the debutant is really of that character which baffles description — it must be seen to be appreciated. He was most enthusiastically received, and though the space on which he per formed was necessarily limited, he delighted those present with the ease, grace and rapidity of his movements. He gave a capital imitation of the dif ficulties under which the learner labors ; - he pirou etted, danced and cat the most elaborate figures on the, stage as easily as if his means of locomotion had been of the ordinary sort. Mr Coppin is getting the Apollo Music Hall refitted and decorated, and so soon as the skates arrive from America, will form a Victorian Skating Association. The amusement is very much in vogue in, the States, where drawing room skates are quite the rage, and skating, balls common' occurrences. It seems more than likely, from the interest taken in Mr Fuller's exhibitions, j that skating will also become fashionable here, and that thus & new source of enjoyment will be opened up to the fair sex, as well as to their liege lords and natural protectors. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Royal . j Society was held, last Monday, in the society's hall, j There was a fair attendance, and the chair wob j occupied by the president, Mr Ellery. Mr George. William Graves, of the Crown Lands office, and Mr Wilkius, of St. Kilda, were elected ordinary members. The secretary announced that the fol- ! lowing contributions had been received during the ' month: — '? Fragraehta,' of Dr. Mueller, voL 37. Royal Geogruphicul Society's Journal, for De- . ctmber, 1865, and Statistical Society's Journal, for 1865\. The president intimated that the society's annual dinner would bo held at Scott's Hotel on |tie.8pih;April, and requested that as many mem- i ; fcerp as possible would attend.. Professor Halford ' '4-jliy,ered'ttn elaborate address, entitled in the ad vertisements, 'Notes on an experimental.' inquiry into the absorption of coloring matters into, the blood,' in the course of which he acknowledged the assistance afforded him by the Rev. Dr. Bleaedale and Mr Ellery in the pursuit of his investigations. 'The learned, lecturer detailed a variety of expert .iBents.., made by him on dogs, cats and fowls in connection with the subject of his discourse, bat the address was of too purely scientific a charaoter to admit of reproduction, evep , in a condensed form, ; in a newspaper; Tlie. lecture, v^aa listened! to wjith | marked attention, and at -its conclusion 'Professor s Halford was greeted with a round of applause. Aiter.a few.ramarks.from.: the. president, the rRev. - Dr.. Bleasdale aud Mr Ralph, in reference to the 8ubject'ma.tter of the le'cture.andfa brief [reply from Professor ' Half ord, the 'meeting separated shortly before ten o'clock. . . ; v--^ - — .?-.?.-. ;The Sydney Empire, commenting on- the Victorian crisis, says :.—*'.' In pur view,. of. tap case, the- gypat, ; evil. appears to . arise . from the .constitution of .the,. Legislative Council. Six of 't'n'e'' memb'era of th'ut ; body retire, by, cffluxi'on of t'iihe; in August next, : and that seems to bo, on the part of those who sup-1 port the Ministry and. the majority of the Assembly;, the only prospeet of rejiof. Of cutKao- w.'i . p,i\y no thing now tof the. policy in. dispute, and we reserve, for a future occasion such observations as must natix-, rally be suggested wltli reference to the adti'on of the Upper House. At present the person who seems to stand best in the dispute is the Governor." __ A trial took place on Monday, on a vacant piece of ground at the rear of the Colonial Bank, Elizabeth street, of one of Mr. Hope's patent compound stamp- batteries for the crushing of quartz. The machine was ejected to the order of the Tambo Mining Com- pany, Gipps Land. It consists of nine stamp heads, forming two rows in one box. The peculiarity of the invention consists principally in its economy of space and the great amount of crushing surface brought to bear upon the quartz or the material to be reduced, and also in its more general treatment. The back row of stamps weighs 6¾ cwt each, and are driven at a slower rate than the front row which are really the crushers, and weigh 6½ cwt each. Each row rotates in opposite directions, and their combined action allows nothing to escape from their crushing power. The patent was taken out in March of last year, and this is the first machine which has been made. The principle of construction, shortly after it was patented, was submitted by the Tambo Mining Company to two engineers — Mr Davis, of Clunes, and Mr Martin, of Little Collins-street — who reported favorably, and in consequence an order was given for the construc-- tion of a machine, which was entrusted to Mr Enoch Chambers. The work has been in hand just five weeks, and will cost the company £310. It was erected yesterday, and submitted to a trial in accord-- ance with agreement, and the directors of the Tambo Mining Company have expressed themselves satisfied with its performance. It was at work during the afternoon, and was witnessed by several hundred : persons. The quartz crushed was from Diamond Creek, Eltham, and chosen merely to exhibit the crushing capacity of the machine. The quantity it is capable of crushing depends upon the material and how the machine is driven. An eight-horse power engine is quite adequate to keep it in active motion. In this respect it will cost less power to drive it than the stampers ordinarily in use ; and there will also be a saving in gratings, as the crush- ing is so effectually done that the larger pieces of. quartz, before coming in contact with the gratings, are broken to pieces. The cost of a nine-stamp battery, on the principle of the one exhibited will be £320, and, properly driven, it is capable of crushing 200 tons per week. __ The ordinary weekly meeting of the city council took place, on Monday afternoon, but the business i disposed of was unimportant. The ooriBideration of report of the street maintenance committee, which - was expected to be discussed at some length,' was ultimately deferred for fourteen days, to give the. members an opportunity of perusing it at their leisure. Monday's Ballaarat Star states that ' No fewer than twenty-four separate bush fires were visi ble from the top of Mount Baniny'ong on Sunday. The air was still and the whole horizon was dis tinctly visible from the Pyrenees to the ooast. ranges, the lakes of Burrumbeet and Learmonth lying broad and plain, with a bright sheen of silver under the purple' sides of the dividing range to the westward.' ' ! ' Ameeting of the citiaens took place at the town hall, on Monday, to elect an auditor far the city, in the room of Mr Chas. Heape, resigned. The only gentleman placed in nomination was Mr Hy. Young man, of Fiinders-Btreet, and he was consequently eleoted. ' ' ' We learn from the Bendigo Advertiser that ''a meeting of the Bendigo water supply committee was held on Saturday, in the mayPr's room at the ' town hall, whioh was attended by a deputation1 from Castlemaine. The object of the meeting was to take joint measures for urging the .Government; to proceed with the works of the Colibaa scheme. It was resolved that a second monster* deputation, : consisting of delegates from the various local bodies interested, and of representatives of the Melbourne- ? merchant' firms, should wait upon the Government -, . at an early day, and, in the event of a satisfactory answer hot being given j that a public agitation ! should be commenced.' .''?','?. The committee of the Melbourne Home report ob \ follows for the month ending 31st March:— ^-ltegis- ? trutions — Governesses, 2 ; servants, 79. Engage ments— governesses, 2 ; servants, 70. Inmates— ] gbv^rnesses, 8; servants, 40.; needlewomen, 7 ;. ! staff, 5. Number in home on 31st March, includ ing staff, 31.' '.' ; ; ?'?. ! It will be remembered, says a correspondent of the M. A. Mail, " that a few months ago some residents at Muckleford, in connection with a few of our legislators, petitioned for the release of the three men undergoing sentence for the robbery of Mr Edwards's hides in 1864. The result of such con duct shows that these gentlemen might have been better employed, and have shown their sympathy in a more worthy cause ; for, at the Maldon police court, the man Bennett was, on Friday last, brought up for robbing the till of Mr Martin, of the. Orville Hotel. The charge was fully proved, as Mr Martin had fortunately an opportunity of watching the thief. As he pleaded guilty, he was sentenced to only six months." Tuesday's Ballaarat Post says : — ' This morn ing, about half-past eight o'clock, the alarm bells of both our local firo brigades rang out the alarm of fire. The fire ^app^rs to ? fiave^originated in some I stables Bfyjuiti rear.'flI:::JI&]:.rJWalkerls, Bridge- street, and -Mr t^raper's ftfrTaiture warehouse, and from thetjcQ pominutiicated' willli- pKce still further in tfie.rear,11 wh^ch was -filled jsvith straw. The hose reelbelonging to the 'Balliaarat, fir| brigade stationed I in Peel-street wd^ i48tantly' - takSn to the Bpot by some Ineighbors, and : even befpre the bell sounded 1 the ajarm;. Cap' tain Spark, ^^ assisted by a member of the Ballaarat Fire Brigade, attached the hose and commenced playing upon the flames. Both brigades were present in force, and with great promptness, and their unitedexertipns.'were suffipipt to/subdue tie flakes in1 About twe]v& 6r, fifteen' rfiinnte|; It is 'obtfje'otured th'at'a-iad- Smbking-4k pipe carelessly in the stable caused the fire, which, had it not been for the hose reel previously mentioned and -the prompt ness in using it, would most ' probably have turned out to'.be a layga and disastrous ou'e.' (Fortunately, the damnge done' is but' trifling.'' It is proposed that ah address and testimonial Bhould be presented to Mr O'Shanassy before I19 leaves the colony^ '-\ A^mo'eting] jvait held at Scott's Hotel, on Monday evening,- to take the prelitniuary stcp3. Amongsi, iJioae presftnt were Gdpl. M'Mahon, M.L.A., Mr M'B:iin, M.L.A., tho hon, Georj-e Hirlter, tha ' libfi. Bi! C. A^niiU' JS:iiI'AM'and hlr O'G-rady, iyi'.LvA. ^ Ir.itviia'rcsi !vi;dr to r -ii'vite Mi' O'6buu:»B8j-lo ,ii -b»T,ij[;i.;i:, feud tu'-present/hiru-'wutv a suitable; testimonial, aa-i a- coinmictee was; ap«. ppin(ted to make the .arrangements, pf which E. Oolien, Esqlj' J.y.,' is chairmau', j, Badcbck, .Esq.',. treasurer, and W.'Ham'iili :Esq., honorary secretary.1 An improvemen't. upon the Ta'nkee method of ' hdus'e-movihg'' was 'shown ' in ' fevidence iii a! county court case heard at' Geelong on Monday. L ' Af person,'1 .says the Register, Mhad been left in charge of aiwooden tenejnent,, as agent; jand.fiuding that no eligible , offer was. made, for tenancy, be knocked the building dpwniand^ ! tooli ; it home, ^ and so carefdiwas he 'th'atnot; a vestige should remain 'to 'rer mind'him'bf'his uhsuc'cessMagehby, ' that he swept up the rfe&-is,iput'itint.o'a barrow; wheeled1 it a\Va'yj and made with it: a nico!6olid. pathway for his front garden. The experim nt., post,, £10, exclu sive of legal oxpeusos for patenting, the novel iaveu tion.' -; ???'? ' ; '': ': - ;--;-'':;''-- '---^ 'W;- ?' ;-': !.:':-J The Ascot correspbhdent of the Oreswick Ad vertiser says :— ?' It i3 rumored that a marriage' lias ocourred between' a lady and gentleman well'lmown in a distriot not many miles, from here, under : very peculiar ciroumstanpes. It appears that an in? tiinaoy, promising to lead to a most gratifying result,' had existed for some time' between Miss S. and Mr A. (the lady and gentleman in question), but owing ? to Miss S. being so very young',' 'her parents would not assent to-Buch an early time for the marriage as these ardent lovers desired. ;;A short time ago, the family of Miss S. removed to,. a large tpwn in the Western distriot, and to ; this place soon after Mr A.followed his lode star^ ' One evening, ; shortly after 'his arrival, the young lady asked' mamma's permission to take a walk.' During the walk, it seems [that the; lover's, eloquence. was irresistible, for MisB,S.f seized a.pouyibeipngip.g.to her father, and that night and next day a ride, of some sixty or seveniy miles ensueel, at the end of which, thinking ! themselves ? safe from ' pur8uit;fia - special license ' was procured, and 'the runaways were married. It is. said that the distance was ridden on barebacked horses — such is the-pow.er pf love!';; / ??....:/ ; ;'? '.' '; : ;' :?','. :v.-.'';, .'?'?'^\ ' The case against J. H. Mather, late secretary and treasurer of Ballaar'atshire, for Having 'embezzled 'a sum of money, tbe property ' of the council, came on! for hearing before the Learmonth bench oh Monday; The Star ! says :— ' The accused was charged with haying embezzled a specific Burn, £20, received ? by him as the deposit paid by a contractor named Crpss,-. ley, upon a contract accepted -by the council, and the case was investigated at considerable length. For the defence, Mr M'Dermott raised a point that the charge could not lie of having embezzled money belonging to the shire, since the amount in question was a deposit, paid by a contractor, and therefore could hot be considered part of the shire, reyenue, or suohasum as to cause it to be dealt with as the property of the council. The bench admittedbeing in doubt as to the point raised, but committed the accused; for trial at the next sitting of the cirouit court, taking the same bail as before for his appear ance, namely, two sureties of £50 each. ; The ac,-,. cused, amobg other appointments, having held that' of clerk of petty sessions, at Learmonth, on this oc casion Mr Hogarth, clerk of petty sessions of the' Ballaarat district court, took the depositions, The court was crowded throughout the day.' ..;.,:-.. A very singular accident happened, one day last week, to a Mrs Maddooks, pf Lanrjston, which fortu-. nately did not terminate with any fatal results. It appears she had seen one of her children/a little girl about five years old, go across some old work ings towards a neighbor's house. A short timo1 afterwards, she missed her, and, thinking she might - have fallen , down one of the shafts, went in searoh, of her. In getting through . some thistles witt which the place is covered, she fell down a forty- feet hole; with a baby in her arms. She states she went straight downj without touching the sides, into about lour feet of water; which apparently broke her fall, and, remarkable to say, no, injury was done, either to herself pr.the child, more than the, immersion in the water. Mr Hurtle, . the neighbor] she thought the child was going to see, saw the1 'a'c- pident,' and immediately went'fdr assistance, which' was soon procured, 'and' she 'was quiokly brought' to the surface, very wetland .frightened, but ;not: otherwise hurt. ' : , , i That very reliable journal, the 0. and M, Adver ivertiser, Bpeaking of the Board of Agriculture, says : ,—' It appears that the Government grant to the board is about £13,000 a'-year; of this Bum about' £6000 is spent on sooieties in the immediate vici nity of Melbourne, and iii the working of. model, farms. Oat of the £13,000, aryear tber (O vens and. Murray Society receives the paltry spm, of £117, yearly. Some of the members were, in fdvor of re questing the Government to' appoint a 'Minister 'of Agriculture, as, under the present regime, the up-; country societies. were sustaining positive injury.' T'tio grant to the board happens to be £6000 instead of £13,000, but a trifling error of 'this sort is . nothing for the Advertiser. ?-?'?? ???'? :i The Horticultural Sdoiuty of Victoria hold their monthly meeting, on Wednesday, at tho Mebhanics' Institute; Mr A. Purchas, yice-presideDt, in the chair. Amongst the correspondence was a letter from the Acclimatisation Society of Queensland, asking for, copies of rules, schedules of prizes',' &c;,, which had' baon forwarded, as requested, by the honorary secre tary. The receipts and expenditure for the exhibi tion, held ou the 17th ulc, were submitted and passed ; and, th'e other routine business having been disposed. of,,$h,e exhibits,. of frnit;.were considered. -M^Sa'nga^j.o^.fJopi.Oj^laicl, upon the table a,, col- : lection of | p earY/embraoing Forelle, or trout, pear, biJbwn' beurr'e,' b'enrie die!,' 'winter nelis, chanmontbl , and ' beuire' ; lean^eV^altfd'tvrb'yftrieties' of apples. ?Mr Sangater^alsd'Bhdwed^a' branch' of the Lages ? troernedr'-indica,'-'a beiiritilal' bloom.' This plant has . been rarely bloomed in the colony ; the blossoms, of a: beautiful rose color, ore produced in dense ?; clusters,, at : the tips of the branches, and form a /beautiful; contrast with, the glossy foliage of the , plant. ; Mf J. ► C. bole also exhibited Compte de : Lamy, aQdother .pears of beaujiful flavor,, and two varieties' of apples, for* wliioh names, -were sought; . ftlsp'the fruit' 'of .'cydojiia japonica, of unusual . 'siteeV'' ?''- ?????''''-'' ' ;:J'.';'i;'i/; 'x:f:u''' '?' ...''';'?'',;?''' '?'?' .A meeting 'of gentlemen' .connected with .the Vic ? toriaRacing Club' waBheld at Scdtt's Hotel, 'on Mon day afternoon,' to consider^ arid 'determine -upon the -future mode of handieappitig race-horses: ! .The chair was occupied' by Mr Blackwood. Some twenty persons -were present. After a discussion, a motion : was submitted for the appointment-. of a public han . dicapper. Two, .amendments were /proposed, the .. ^rstto the efie.pt that matters should continue as at ,^ present, 'anU'^ii^ie' 'second jthat a committee of three should be -appointed'' by ' the, club to act as' handi icappersi ' .The'.'inbtion and amendments '.were/all 'iie- gatiVed, '?'and''*tIiB Question therefore remains' open ? for future1 ventilation';' ''f ' -1' ' ?' -': ' Ll i!' ; ?' The: GeeIongiRegis'ter remarks : '? Persons trayel *!ling',pn 'the 'Ballaarat-road, will ,'no , dpubt wbnder at :. .ttfeipia^m'erable small ^iiita sticks, tfeeu ^at intervals I dotting, the road on either side. They are tjie allot ' itnent pegs for the twenty-acre blocks.., applied, for . . under. the 42nd.. section. of the Land Ac.t. A large \- ayea basthusibeeritalien up of the Gheringhap and . iWabdallah; Farmers' .Commons, ? and nearly the . whole of ; the Murgheboluc Common has been ap plied for in the same' manner.' '' ' : ? - ' r ; .: The St. Ealda Bowiiiig, Club met the Melbourne ' ,; Club on the ground adjoining Chapel-street 3tation, , ion, Saturday last, when fire . rinks of eight players \- e.aph were engaged for two hours' play. The attend ?ance of' visitors' was. greater than on any previous occasion. The; captain in fink No. 1, on St. Kilda ? side; was Mr Nowall,(and en the Melbourne side Mr ??'(&' WV Rusden'. ; - Score,:1 St.;:Kilda,: ] 12 ' points ; 'Melbourne Club, 26. ' Itt No. 2 ririk,; St. Kilda was directed by Mir H. Tnllett; the Melbourne men fry ? ^^oHnVPaniipb'eji; ' Score ,:, ;^. 'Kiida,'l2 ? Mel \$puxne, ?28;poinfei' In No. 3 ripj: Ijne St. Kilda Club T^as under, ihe.driyership of Mr Chas. Williamson, nthe Melbourne ..under that of Mr Thos. Reed ; St. Kilda scoring. 15 points, Melbourne 28. In No. a A rink the play terminated in a draw, eaoh party sooring' 23 points ;? the captain for St. Kilda being ; Mr-Nimmo, and'for Melbourne Mr George Young. \- In ^No. 5 rink; St.: Kilda was under the direction of Mr Hbbknell, and Melbourne that of Mr J. C. Ro .Vtertabn.^lco^V1 St. Kilda, 1.3 points j.Meibdurne, '.'^jSv'^^'.Gyo^lpppr^'fflr.M^ibourne' Club, 131; for Sti '.iKilda,, 75! , ; The Return ;match comes ' off on St. ..Kilda Green, on the. 21st inst. . ~ . '? '?? We learn that 'Bond, the missing woodsplitter, has at length turried -up. ;The'Talbqt Leadersays: ? — ' Notwithstanding the efforts ' nlade to ascertain where. he had got to, 'or whether hp' was dead, 'no tidings' bf.him' ,pould' .be ^gathered , until Saturday, when his ,mfe .received a letter from him, dated : from Avpcal , In. this letter he. stated that he , was employed there, cutting, cordwood for one, of the mining, companies,- . and that: he would send some i money tohis wife andiohildrenas soon as he could obtain it in payment of his work. The Bond ex-1 citement is therefore at an end for the present." __ The annual commencing day was celebrated , at &'e Mejbpurne1 'University, on Saturday. Degrees 'rJt ' u A f*n^. lvT & nravo -flnnfavvai) nn aanavol BtuS^its, and; members of other universities were tadiuitted ad eundem. The' vice-chancellor's prize .for! the i. best (English essay i was awarded to Mr Patrick Maloney ;i and: the^ Shakspearian soholar shipj equivalent to £60 for three years; to Mr J, Hennings Thompson, B.A. Portions of each' essay werarea'd by tHeir ; author^, and received' with ap plause.' '.'?'? The i 'hall .'of the medical school was life ,: arena ':' in.'1' which .'the' .! degrees .were ..conferred, anil -was, 'crowded with ladies , and ?gentlemen who . toot an interest in the proceedings. ? The chancellor, vice-chancellor, pro fessors and lecturers : of the university occupied ' seats on a. raised platform, and the students and ? applicants for ! degrees were presented by Professor Irving.' The vice-chancellor 'of the Sydney Unir yersity, Mr':Plunketti was present. The annual dinner Vas given aji'Monzies' Hotel, in the even ing; the bhancellbr, Sir Redmond Barry, presid ing. __ ? :. ? The CreBwick lAdvortiser says : — ' The friends of ; Mr Frazer,1 M.L.A,, have again commenced in earnest to subsoribe-for the purpose of presenting him with a testimonial for carrying out energetically and [consistently his parliamentary duties. The ? amount subscribed in the course of about an hour 'was nearly a hundred pounds; and a strong com mittee was formed and met at Lester's Hotel, yea 'terday, and it Was determined that the subscription list be allowed to remain open until the 17th ;inst.'v. : ',;: ' .. / .: '. , . .'.??' . , , A meeting of the Melbourne Anglers' Protection . Society was held on Monday afternoon, at the offices ?of the Acclimatisation Sooiety, Swanston- street: ?Mr T. B. Bennett presided. The secretary read a 'letter froni the i department1 of Trade and: Customs; ' einblosing, f or the in'forniation of the sobioty, a re port from the iide surveyor at Geelbng of the, cruise pf the falcon round the fisheries inBide Port Phillip Heads. The report stated that there was very little illegal nettipg carried on in the Bay, and that the fisherios were well looked after. The secretary w as instructed to return the thanks of the sooiety for the informatiou. A 'communication was received'from the Crown Law Office, ^stating, in answer to an np 'plication' of the1 society',' that' thb Government had no power to 'apportion any fines for breaohes of the fisheries Aot to the benefiti' pf the society, as all , fees went into the consolidated; revenue. . Several new members were eledted, and the meeting closed. . „ (| . ' It is really time,' says Wednesday's Ballaarat Post, 'that some more active and stringent mea sures were adopted with a view of preventing suoh an amount of juvenilo depravity and crime as at the present time exists in both of the boroughs of Bal laarati Day by day are children being brought under the notice of the law, charged with the offenoo of bofng uegleqted by their parents, or with larceny of various articles of cmull value. How many times havo we heard it stated, during a lengthy police court ex perience, upon the examination of some youthful vagruuta, that their pnr nts are living in a state of ; depravity, and. the children are totally noglected ; and yet, no really great efforts are made to get at the source of the evil, and. to; punish the . parents of the children ? The recent disclosures in connection with the Chinese at Golden Point, and other matters which have come under the notice of the police of lute, must lead every right:thinking person to desire some great and speedy, reform in dealing with criminal children.' ' Wednesday's Ballaarat Post says :—?' A woman named Mary Burrowes, who' states she is the wife of-l?rauk Burrowes, a miner, working atScotch man's, was very' nearly being killed this morning. Prom* what can be learned, it appears that, while intoxicated, she had on the previous evening wandered' upon- the railway, and had fallen asleep close to one of the rails, at a point a little beyond the bridge in King-street, Ballaarat East. A goods train leaves here' for Melbourne at four o'clock, and it would seem that some portion of the ' locomotive attaohed L caught' her in passing, for she was found at an early hour lying ? against the side of the embankment, against which she had evidently - been thrown with great force. The injuries inflicted consist of the complete severance of the greattoe, and partial removal of the small toe of the left foot, some severe wounds upon the thighs and elsewhere on the legs, and a serious bruise upon the head. By direction of Senior Constable Mansfield, the unfortunate being was removed to the hospital.' Our files from Tasmania are to the 11th inst. The . H. T. Mercury says : — ' The customs revenue rallied again a little during tiTe past month, and stands at £11,435 13s lOd for March, against £86X4 7s 4d'for February. Of this £11,435 13s lOd we have to set down £7319 7S 5d to Hbbar't 'TPwri,' and £4116 63 5d to L'auncestpn. But we have now the first quarter's receipts for the year, and they stand thus :-i— Customs re venue, January, £12,200. 9s 8d ; ]do, Febru ary, £8674 7s 4d; do, March, £11,435 13s lOd. Total for quarter, £32,310 10s lOd. That would come very close on .the Treasurer's estimate, less the £10,000 he afterwards added to it, supposing it could be sustained, of which there is not the ghost of a chance. To have come up to the Treasurer's full estimate, it should have been £35,500 for the quarter, instead of £32,310 10s, and that would leave him with a deficiency of up wards of £12,000 on the year, supposing the next three quarters to be no better than the first. In the event of their being worse, the deficiency will, of course, be rateably increased.' We observe that active steps are being taken to wards the establishment of an asylum for the blind. Contributions will be gratefully reoeived by the treasurer, James Moore, Esq., Eldon Chambers, Temple-court. Mr George Coppin has initiated a company for the prosecution of deep sea fisheries. It is to con , sist of 100 shares of £10, each. The management is to be entrusted to the captain of the cutter which lately went round the coast prospecting at the Government expeuse. He is of opinion that, on capital sufficient to pay for the outfit of a vessel and gear, ne wouid De able to return a very Hand some profit, as he believes there are several banks in close proximity to the coast, and)n.earer Port Phillip Heads. With the present demand for fish, Mr Cop pin's latest idea can hardly fail of bring forth golden fruit. ?-?..?.? : We take the following interesting paragraph from the Riverine Herald : — ?' In the year 1845 Captain Sturt, on his return, to the Darling from the desert interior, launched his sea boat on the waters of the Depot Glen, in the Grey Ranges, for the purpose o| lightening his equipment. After the Iap3e of more .'than twenty. years she was lately discovered by the Commissioner of Crown Lands for the Albert dis trict in an entire state, not a plank having started, nor a nail or bolt been drawn. It was generally thought the blacks would have knocked her to pieces for the sake of the ironwork. Her sound condition proves that she must have been afloat ? during the whole of the long interval between her abandonment and discovery.' The Geelong Advertiser reports the following . amuBiag inoident, which occurred at the county court, on Tuesday, as illustrative of the inconve nience occasioned by the 'dead lock': — 'At a quarter-past six o'clock', when the case of Matthews ? v. Davidson was about to be proceeded with, Mr Guy, one of the solicitors engaged in the case', stated that as there were several witnesses to be examined, the case would perhaps occupy a consi derable time, upon which the following conversa tion ensued : — His Honor: If the case will take some time I shall be compelled to postpone it, as we have no candles ; in fact, we have not received any stores for a long time. Mr Harwood : And are unable to get credit? Mr Guy :? As there are several wit nesses wha have been ia attendance all the day, they would feel obliged if the case could be pro ceeded with. His Honor : What, without candles? Why we should be snuffed out altogether in a few minutes. (Laughter.) Mr Guy : . And we Bhould then be as much in the dark as ever. The court was then adjourned.' 