SUPREME COURT. FRIDAY, MAY 4, 1866, CIVIL SITTINGS. BEFORE his Honor the Chief Justice. McNEIVE V. PACIFIC INSURANCE COMPANY (Continued). Mr. Cooper and Mr. Hely for plain tiff j Mr. Pring and Mr. Bramston for defendants. William Edward Murphy, attorney for plain- tiff, examined by Mr. COOPER, deposed : The rocoipt for tho premium paid by plaintiff to de fondants, and which I had notice to produce yesterday, was never in my possession ; I re- ceived payment of £150 from tho Royal in November last for plaintiff's iusuranc'^ufchat offieo; I received it through Messrs?, ataets and Hart ; as the plaintiff was without U-j-ij^iI recommended that ho should accept that com- promise ¡ the signatures to the lottors produced is that of Mr. Webb, sen. (Letters put in dated respectively 10th May, 1865, and 23rd May, 1865, the first from defendants to Mr. Garrick, the then plaintiff's attorney, informing Lim that the claim had been referred to the directors in Sydnoy ; and tho second from defendants to plaintiff's attorney, informing him of tho reply of the directors declining to entertain the claim.) Cross-examined by Mr. PEINO : One reason the Royal gavo for declining to pay in full was that notice in writing had not beon given ; I can't say if thoro was not also a flaw in the policy which rendered it impossible for them to maintain an action. This was the plaintiff's caso. Ernest Hervey Webb, lately oüo of the firm of Webb ..and Son, deposed: Wo were the agents of the defendants ; I rocollcct tho plain- tiff coming to our office in Decembor, 1864, with reference to insuring his property j he said ho wished to ineuro certain proporty on Spring HUI in our company ; I took tho locality and said I would call ; that was all that took place then ¡ I afterwards called and inspected the property ¡ I saw plaintiff, and went with him through tho house ; he did not toll mo that ho wanted to in suro tho proporty for £4-00, and that he was in- sured in Bright Brothers for £200 ; ho moroly said he wantod to insuro for £200 ; I did not toll him that the small papor ho had Bigncd in my office was of no use, nor did he tell mo if that waa so to destroy ifc j on his telling me that bo wished to insuro for £200,1 took a survoy of the stock, which I valued at between £200 and £300 ; I then told him to call at tho office and effect the insurance ; I askod him, at the house, tho usual questions on the proposal ; I asked him if ho was insured in any other; his answer was to the effeot that he was not ; ho did not say that lie waB already insured in Bright Brothors' for £200, and was going to insure for £200 in my offico j I afterwards sow tho plaintiff at our office ; after' receiving the instruction for the proposal, I communicated with my fathor, who filled up tho form of pro- posal, and on plaintiff calling it was handed to him to sign, and he Bignod. [Witness here looked ut tho proposal, and identified plaintiff's signature to it. The proposal was road, offering to insuro tho stook-in-trado of plaintiff for £200, and signed by plaintiff.] Tho policy issued to plaintiff was isauod on that proposal ; at tho time plaintiff signod that ho paid the premium, and I gave him a rocoipt for it ; there woro no other papers oscopt the proposal, receipt, and policy given by ino to the plaintiff ; ho would got tho policy in about a fortnight ; our office has no power to make a compromise without rcforring to the Sydney Board ; after the policy was sent to plaintiff I went to him ; I think the day after I saw plaintiff, and asked him for tho policy ; I did not tell him why I wantod it ; ho garo it to mo on that occasion ; plaintiff did not toll'me then that ho was going down to have the othor insurance indorsed on tho back, or anything to that effect ; I "did not say that waa the very thing that brought me up ; I took the policy to the office and handed it to my father, whoregistcrcd it ; that was what I wanted it for j it ought to have been registered beforo going out, but was omitted i of tho policy the register book is tho only ovidenco ; plaintiff did not say to me that it was necessary to givo a written notice, nor did I say that as I called mysolf I would make everything right to get the indorsement, nor words to that offoct ; plaintiff did not say when he handed mo the policy that he know what was wrong in it, it waB not in- dorsed, and that ho had a right to give him a written notico; shortly aftor the fire plaintiff citllod at tho office, and garo notico that the place was burnt ; I did not thon tell him to go for his policy and ho woul'd bo poid ; when tho policy was brought back wo rofiiBed to pay ; he did not thon tell me that it was ray fault, and not his, that the polioy was not indorsed j he askod mo if ho would have any difficulty in get- ting his money ; I told him that rested on tho corroctu -ss of his polioy ; I never told him that if ho would toko half I thought there would bo no difficulty in getting his monoy ; I never told him that if ho would tako75 percent., and goto his attorney and got a formal document to that effect, ho would get his money ; wo first heard of his insurance in the " Boyal " the day after tho fire, from a clerk in Bright Brothers' office ; when I estimated the Btock the utmoBt value was £300. Cross-examined by Mr. COOPEE : The stock oo-nsisted of the usual artioles of a grocer and oilman ; I was there about ten minutes ; plain- tiff was not present when I spoke to my father respecting the proposal ; the answers tothoques tions were put on a slip of papor, and copied on. to the proposal and the paper torn up, plaintiff had full opportunity of reading the proposal before signing it ; on the second occa- sion I was not at plaintiff's premises two minutos ; Wittgenstein may or may not have been there j I simply osked plaintiff for hfe policy. George Dudley Webb, senior of tlio firm of Webb and Son, examined by Mr. BEING, de- posed: I filled up plaintiffs proposal myself from data furnished by my son; that is tho proposal produced, which has been read ; after the policy had been given to plaintiff I found that it hod not been en*orod in the firo register, and my son got it back s I never knew till after the fire that plaintiff was insured in any other office. This closed the defendant's evidence. Edward Handley, recallod for the plaintiff, eaid : Provious to the fire, about two or three days, I took stock, and I valued it at between £400 and £500 ¡ I made an estimoto of the loss after the fire and sent it to defendant. Cross-examined by Mr. PEINO : I have been in the grocery Une seven years j I put down pickles at 10s. Gd. per dozen ; I took the invoice prices ; plaintiff and I agreed between ourselveB that the valuo of the stock was £450 ; while taking stock we talked about fire policies ; the books all got burnt. George Edward Layton, oalled for defendants, deposod : In December, 1864, I was clerk to Bright Brothors ; I recollect valuing plaintiff's stock for the Royal Insurance Company ; I then valued it at £300, and I think that would be about fair. Cross-examined by Mr. COOPEE : I will swear that there was not £400 worth of property on plaintiff's premises whoa I estimated it. Mr. PBINO thoa proceeded to address the jury for tho defendants, and commenced by say- ing that tho _ policy iu dispute was granted on certain conditions, the most important one being condition No. 5, which required notico in writing of any other insurance effected either before or after the polioy in dispute to he given to the defendants, and a breach of that rule rendered the, polioy bad. The plaintiff had admitted that'ho, had not complied with that condition,' but sought to be excused on the ground thai verbal notice was given and ac- cepted ; next, tho document on which this action \- was brought being undor seal, no verbal notico ? could release tho plaintiff. The ease would turn ' necessarily to some extont on the credibility of the witnesses, and it would be for the jury to say whethor thoy believed the Messrs. Webb, who, although agents, had but little interest in the result, or tlnU of tho plaintiff, who had so large a pecuniary interest. The learned counsel commented at length on the discrepancies in tho evidence in general, and particularly to the flat contradiction, given by Mr. Webb, junior, as to the' conversation whioh took place at plain- tiffs house and at defendants' office both beforo and after the issuing of tbo policy, and con- cluded by calling on tho jury to say that tho Íilaintiff had not proved his case to their Btttis action. Mr. COOPEE replied, and contended that tho plaintiff WBB not there to-day to enter into mat tors connected wiíh the Royal Insurance Com- pany, and submitted that written notico might be given any time after the issuing of the policy," and he contended that the letter dated 17th July, from plaintiff to defendant, was a writton notice informing the" defendant of another in- surance. Supposing that thoy might have can \- celled the polioy at that time, their not having done so disabled thom now from resisting thiB , claim. The CHIEF JUSTICE then summed up, and said that in this as in every other COBO, it would tu bo the duty of the jury to sift the evidence, and Mo'fo the best of thoir ability, to do justice. Ho * " ' (the Chief Justico) could not holp saying, that bethought it was a pity that the plaintiff did not read the proposol beforo ho signed it. It would be the duty of tho jury to test the caso by the evidenco, and seo how far the defence was borne out ; and he (the learned Judge) miiBt say, that if plaintiff had not complied with tho insurance, he could not seo where was the hardship ; ono of the quostions they would have to determine was whether the writton notico was dispensed with j thoy had heard tho evidence on that question ou both sides, and it was for them to say to which side thoy attached the most credit. The Chief Justice having gone through and commented ou the wholo of the evidence, tho jury retired at 2.30, and returned into court at 3,30 with a verdict for defendants. MONK V. HARÉIS. Mr. Shaw and Mr. Cooper for plaintiff ; tho Attorney-General, Mr. Pring, and Mr. Bram- ston for defendant. In this caso the plaintiff sought to rocovor the sum of £600 for goods sold and dolivered, and for woik dono and materials provided. The defendant pleaded 1st, never indebted, oxcept as to £200 ; 2nd, except as to £200 payment and satisfaction ; 3rd, set off for goodB sold and delivered to tho amount of £217 Os. Odj and 4th, payment into court of £200. Mr. SHAW oponed tho case, by whioh it appeared that the plaintiff was employed by the defendant to do certain ropairs to tho ketch Hamlet's Ghost, and that during the progress many alterations were made at the direction of the défendant; at the completion of which tho defendant oxprcBsod himself dissatisfied, and refused to pay what was demanded, hence tho present action. The first witness called was Elijah Monk, the plaintiff, who deposed : Ho was a ship- wright, and had w orked threo years hero (pro- duced his indentures) ; had worked for the do fendant two years ; on 23rd Ootobor last de- fendant carno to him nnd found fault with rails and stanchion, and wished the companion shifted of tho Hamlet's Ghost; he afterwards removed the companion and caulked it ; tho old rails and stanchion wero condemned becauso (hey were biokcn; they wcro utterly uselcsB j he next put on new rails and now stanchions, fore and aft each sido, condemned the combiugs of the old hatchway and enlarged it ; the vessel waa in a very leaky Btate ; BIIO waa used for a pleasure party the Saturdoy bofore, and on tho Monday morning was very nearly sunk ; in order tq. repair her he had to take out the iron ballast and remove a portion of tho inside skin ; the deck was lined with J-tongue and groove pine, aud ceiled inside; ho then hauled her on the beach and stopped BOino of tho leaks ; on or about the 2nd November, defendant carno over whilo sho was on the beach, spoke to wit- ness about the rudder being exposed too much, and wished for moro accommodation for parties on tho after-deck; she was life- boat shape, sharp at both ends ; defendant also spoko about tho irregularity of tho whole hull, which was unfair, and asked if the deek could be car- ried out to give her a different appearanco j witness said yes, but it would bo a very expen- sive job ; ho asked witness if ho could mato a good job ; witness said not without sheathing her all over with inch cedar and filling tho gunwale ; witness told him that tho wholo of the former repairs would bo condemned; defendant told him to do the necessary ropairs, haul her up, and make a good job of it ; witness then proceeded to lay sixty feet of way to haul her up j she was hauled up about the 6th November ; whon she was hauled up he raised her and put her on blocks, stripped off tho old metal sheathing, then tho wood sheathing ; (witness here produced a model by whioh ho explained tho way the vessel was formerly built) ; on removing the sheathing the keel and bottom wero found to be in a very bad etato, also the kelson (which is a kind of backbono to' the vessel), the ribs wore also bad, the kelson bolts were out j when she was stripped defend- ant came over and told mo to make all good, plank the bottom, put new kelson and keel, stem and stern-posts ; one half of the old ribs had to be taken out. [Witness here produced portions of the old tim- ber taken out in a rotten state] 1% order to carry out thoso alterations ho had to condemn the deck from the after part of the skylight aft, that was the portion ordered by defendant on the 2nd Novomber ; ho executed all those ro- pairs ; the present stern was clliptio ; the rosult of the alteration was to give a great deal 'moro room ; the defendant then ordered the hatch- way to be made still larger, to 'move the fore scuttle further forward ; witness told defendant it would bo a very expensive job ; defendant replied while thoy were about it they would make a good job of it ; witness then proceeded with the work, and completed the whole on or about March 2, when he dolivered her to de- fendant at his wharf; defendant was there and said "very well;" the vessel had three skins fore and aft,.and in some places four skins, alBo diagonal planking ; on au average there were from nine to ten men a day at work ; she was filled out ten or fifteen feet from bilgo to gun- wale and to keel with 4¡-inoh plank, and as the vessel had not a planed surface this took a great deal of time; in fastening the planking on it took one man inside and one man outside; she was also filled out aft below, the object of that was to give finer lines, better sailing qualities and a better surface for planking on the outside skin, also filling the foremost side from midships off to nothing ; that was to in- crease the breadth, and make fair surface for the outsidoskin; there was a new knight head on each how to support the hawse-pipe, through which the chain cable passes ; finally the vtholo was planked over with inch cedar and copper fastened from 6tem to stern ; keel, kelson, stem, and stern posts wero fastened with three-quarter copper bolts ; the old deck was then raised forward threo inches; there was also a coating of oil and lime inside the sheath mg ; the decks were then sheathed over, fore and aft, with inch and a quarter beech, and then caulked and payed with pitch ; then a bulwark of cedar was put all round and moulded inside ; a large skjlight with sliding Boshes, each side of cedar, with double folding top ; the whole of tliat WOB also panelled insido ; that was a very expensive work; there were twelvo doublo jointed brass hinges had to be cast for tho Bky bght, and a new octagon Bkylight aft, seat gratings all round the Btern, new wheel and gear, new fore-scuttle, pall pivot, and windlass fitted completo, new head-knee forward, and two new cat- heads for hoisting the anchor, and new breast hook forward connecting the two knight heads and rails, the whole of the cabin fitted with lockers each Bide, all pannelled; a library fitted up forward with glass doors, wckers on eaoh Bide, with venetian fronts ; deck and beamB Unod foro, and aft ; after bulkhasd 1 inch tonguod and grooved pine ; also pantry, with dish racks'and .chain looker; sleeping berths forward for the crow; 76 moulds made to fit óyer_ the kolson and ship's bottom, for casting the iron ballast ; now bowsprit and top- mast, and all noceBsary spars for the vosael ; ono now long pair of oars, two cedar laddors ; the wholo of tho iron ballast was decked over with 1-inch pine ; two swing trays for tho cabin, a large table (codor), with drawer with folding hands for wasbhand stand; water closet aft, and pump ; a new boat, ten foot, with paddies and rowlocks complete. At this stagoof the trial (5.80 o'clock), tho'ox nmination-in-chief of this witness being closed, the court was adjourned till 10 o'clock on tho following (this) morning, when the Attorney General will proceed with tho oroas- examination. IN CHAMBERS. Before his Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche. RE MUIR. In the goods of William Muir, deceased, Mr. PAUL moved that letters of administration be granted to Eyles Irwin Caulfield Browne, the duly constituted attorney of Grace Muir, the widow of the deceased. Administration was granted accordingly. RE ALDRED. In the goods of Samuel William Aldred, Mr. PAUL applied that letters of administration be granted to Janet Aldred, widow of the deceased. Administration was ordered accordingly. RE DANGAR. In the goods of Henry Dangar, Mr. PAUL applied that probate with exemplifications of will and codicil annexed be granted to E. I. C. Browne, attorney of Grace Dangar, the widow. Probate was granted to Grace Dangar, reserving power of making the like grant to William Dangar, when he should apply for the same. TOOTH AND OTHERS V. HUSTON. This was a case in which o summons had been issued on Wednesday last, calling upon ono Donald M'lvor, garnisheo, to Bhow causo why certain monoys attachod in MB hands by an order made on the same day should not be paid over to R.F. Tooth and Co., judgment creditors, The order was mado accordingly. RE. LADNER. In the goods of Francis Ladner, Mr. MURPHY applied that letters of administration should be granted to Jane Ladner, thewidow. Adminis- tration accordingly. RE MUIR. In the goods of William Muir, Mr. BEESTOÏ, clerk to Messrs. Little and Browne, applied for an order calling upon tho Curator of Iutestato Estates to pay over to the widow and adminis- tratrix tho sum of £225 19s. 7d. Tho ordor was granted. STUBBS V. HILLENGER. lu this caso, Mr. SULLIVAN, clerk to Messrs. Little and Browne, applied^for an order of At- tachment of debt against Bright Brothers, garnishces, for the sum of £59 13s. 8d. It ap- peared that the judgment was recovored against HiUenger alone, and that Bright Brothers owod £85 to Hillongor nnd Co., of whioh firm Bel- linger was a partner. No order was'roado. HE GADEN. In this caso, Mr. BBAMSTON, for E. A. Gadon, at present a confinoo in her Majesty's Gaol at Rockhampton, moved to moko absolute a rulo nm which had beon granted on Wednosdny last to hold tho said E. A. Gaden to bail, ho having beon eommittod on a chargo of murdering an aboriginal. An order was marte to admit tho prisonor to bail, himself in £200, and four sure- ties in £100 each. KEITH. V. BUTLEB AND FOSTEB. In this caso, a summons had been obtained on the 28th ultimo calling upon Webb Brothers, garnishoos, to show cause why they should not pay to tho judgment creditor, William Koitb, the debt duo by them to the judgment debtors, Thomas Butler and William Foster. Tho caso was argued on Wednesday last, Mr. Pring appearing for the judgment creditor, and the Attorney-General for tho garnishces. It appeared that tho judgment debtors wero contractors for tho erection of a store for Wobb Brothers in lîaglo-street, and that from time to time as monoys became duo on the contract they wero paid ovor to Robert A. Gibson, manager of the Commercial Bank, Sydney, in compliance with a lettor dated 13tli October, 1865, and signed by ono Joseph Holden, attorney for Thomas Butler, one of tho firm, in which it was requested that Wobb Brothers should poy any money duo, or to becomo duo, in respect of tho contract to the Commercial Bank in Brisbano ; and that after various sums paid thoro is still owing £128 Is. 6d., for whioh sum (the money attached) a demand, with a threat of action, was made upon Webb Brothers by Mr. Garrick for the Commercial Bank. Judgment was signed on the 29th March, 1866. Joseph Holdon held a power of attorney from Butler and Foster. For tho garuisheos, the ATTOBNET-GENERAL contended that before judgment was signed there had beon an equitable assignment of tho debt to tho Commercial Banking Company, of Sydney, and cited Whito and Tudor's Leading CaBes,' 2nd vol., p. 615 ; Ryall v. Rowles reported 1 VOB,, 45. Mr. PEING objected that the power of Attorney did not give Holdon the power to execute mortgages, and that the order was givon by way of mortgage. Also, that the assign- ment of prospectivo dobts was not sufficient against the judgment creditors. It might bo good between the parties to tho agreement, but not OB between third parties, such as judgment creditors. His HONOB, to-day, delivered judgment to the following effect :-It appeared in this caso that William Keith, who had recovered judg- ment against Butler and Foster, had obtainod a summons, calling upon Webb Brothers to show cause why thoy should not pay to him as judgment creditor cortain monoys in their hands. Their answer is that all the monoys due or to become duo in respect of the contract spoken of in tho affi- davits were equitably assigned to the Commer- cial Bank. Two objections wero raised by Mr. Pring : the first, that the power of attorney was defectivo, as the order was given by way of mortgage, and the power of attorney contained no clause enabling 'Holden to mortgage or assign the debt ; but on looking over the power of attorney, it appeared that there was o clauso authorising him to sign, accept, or endorse any cheque, promissory note or notes, bill or hills of exchange, and return or renew tho same, with further authority with reference to pro- missory noteB. In the present case, it appeared that the ordor was given to Mr. Gibaon to se- cure the bank upon the discounting of promissory notes discounted by the bank to enable Butler and FoBter to carry on the contract ; and his Honor was therefore of opinion that the powor of attorney wa» sufficient. As to the question whether an assignment in equity was a sufficient assignment to stop the judgment creditor at law, Mr. Pring advanced no autho rity, nor had His Honor been able to find any. With regard to the question whether the assign- ment of prospective debts, debts not only due hut to becomo due, is sufficient in law, His Honor had no doubt that it was, upon tho authority of Ryal v. Rowles, 2 White and Tudor, 615, and the cases there cited. The summonB was dismissed. No order was made as to costs. 