« WAITING FOR THE HOST." Tho Ctrlttraàs number of Chambers'» Jonmal, with the above title, is piblished, and will find a hearty welcome in thousands of homos in which Christmas stories are eagerly read. One of the great difficulties in preparing a Christmas number of thia kind is to pro- vide a " framework'' at once original and interesting. Somebody mnst tell the stories, or they must bs found in manuscript somewhere, and the inventive genius of the literary world baa been tBied very severely to dis- cover something new. Stories for Christmas numbers have been found in old boots, in old truuks, in carpet bag« -they have been told in a jnrv lOJm, iabricated by a clever seoretary, and they have actually been dreamt. In faot, thoy have been obtained in all sorts of probable and improbable Ways, and to fl yd a new wuy of linking them together we can well believe ts a work of no small dilRoulty. The writer of "Waiting for th i Host," fraukly acknowledges this difficulty, aa J makes a humorous paragraph out of ic. " B* it known," be says, " that Christmas Numbers ara not to be turned out, like an eg^-t-poon, bys »ingle individual; A ls the Author of the gr;at ides-the germ of th:s snow- drop of literature ; U is the Ucllder of the framework j whilo tho rest of the alphabet (e»peoIally Y, 'A) write the s'orles that tang upon it. 1 can't do it all UIODB ; nor (J (Reader) neither, nor W ( hat is, a person of twioi your abilities, if such a one exist) ; mr X.-the unknown, let hi/a be who he will, lu my school days, my mind being eminently, clasuoil-ur, at all events, by no means mathemationl -I used to get into great difficulties with equations. Bat in equations, a at least wat known ; whereas in the turriiug out of Christmas Numbers, he is the very person whom it is so hard to discoror. Yet, until the architect appears with bis rough sketch or plan in band, what ia the poor builder to do and ull tho in- telligent and skilled labourers who work by the piece f " This bit of alphabetical play is extraatcd from the in- troduction, that leads us on to the pian whioh he adopts, and which is, in foot, disclosed in his title " Waiting for the Host " " A" tho author of tho great ide«, and his wife, are iavited out lo dinner with *' the Bobella," and when they arrive at the Bobella' mansion they find tho company all assembled except the host and hostess. After waiting for some time», "A" »bo'O 'name is Afr. Lase Cammer, proposes that, notwith- standing the absence of host aid hostess, they «hill have dinner and the company are to) glad* to act on this su^aeetion. So the butler, Evans, is eura montd, and tho desire of the company respecting the dinner is communicatid to him. To this he replies, "I 'ave pnt it baalt, sir; I put the retponstrenes» of 'aving it put back upon my owa shouldors." Evans, however, undertakes to "put it forward " again, but sate the gutting forward will take " 'arf an hour." Tbe company do not object to this, os it gives a chanco for tho host and hostess, who ere still unaccountably absent, to arrive. J~or the same reason Evans is instructed to tell the cook to let as considerable a time elapse bstweon the courses as is conahiteut with her art. As the " 'arf hour " befure dinner has to be spent, Mr. LasL Cummer puts the company in a story- telling humour, and so he gets a ¿tory before dinner, n other wlib tho soup, a third with the (¡sh, two with the joints, ono with the game, and one with tho sweets ; and, alter all, tho host and hostess arrive, and their explanation of their nbseooe constitutes another story. From tbia it will be seen thal this plan, although simple, is ingenious, effective, and n»t outrageously im- probable. The stories themselves it would not be fair oithor to the writer or the prospective reader to describe. We may say, however, that the* avoid all the oxtremes of the horrible and the ghastly whioh we' have noticed in some stories published (not by Mes*T. Chambers) as Christmas stories. Our idea of a good Christmas book is that ii should contai i nothing tbst belongs to tho vulgarly sen tational school, and that lt should avoid everything tlut is simply horrible, or in tho extreme sense, frightful. We have not the (.lightest objection to interest af the most thrilling oharaoter provided it is obtained by legitimate means. Another .requisito in Chriitmas stories is variety. Last year Mo í sra. Chambers published a capi- tal Christmas number, cititJed " Tenants at Will," but tho misfortune of. the verv ingenious " framework" wai that it necessitated that tho stories should be all of one character-ghost storie?. A ghost story is capital in ita place, nnd its place is unquestion- ably in a Christmas bosk ; but ono dish does not make a banquet. An Englishman cannot dine oh? plum pudding alone, nor can a Scotchman dine off a lingi; ip, however excellent those national dialing m .ty bs ; and just aa our sense of gastatory requirements calls for variety we desiro variety, mentally, in our Gbri-tmas books. In " Waiting for. the Host" this variety is provided the stories hiing all nf a different character. Tho first, I " The Mttjjio Stovo," is an old Lottery experience; the eeoond, "After Ouiiboo," is a curious hunting retniniuctnco ; the third, " Tho Step on the . Blair," is a mystery, fur the explanation at which we refer the reader to the story itself. '. Tho Archdeacon's Story'' appears to be founded on an InoiJont in leal life wbioh will bo fresh in tho niomory of most newspaper reudors. " A Suitor to some Purpose" ro<eals a dark deed in a very interesting way : -.. The Nuht Marctiers ' is an extraordinary German Legend ; and " The Blissing Goldsmith" is u ourious ftussiau arl ven- ture. A''ter these como ' The Hiplanation of the HuHt and Uoatua«. Wo intentionally avoid all reference to th« ' plots" of tho stories, us wo huvo said, but we cai promiso readers a rich Christinas treat in " Waiting fur the Host." TPBBSER\'ATIOK OF COOK, HISCUITS, 4C.-Huts and mice commit great ravages in corn, the WCOYII ami cockroaches aro very destructive to biscuits, and fliur will in many cases hoot and turn i.mr ; but il has been proved that all theso inconveniences may bo prerented by enclosing the corn, biscuits, Sta., in air- tight metal- lic eylimlors, from which the air hal been exhausted. A good vacuum may be maintained \\\l them, by vory I simple meant', fur t-ix months ut least. A liïer.oli com ! mlseion has reported lavuur.ib'y cf this motliod, which I is the invention, of Ur. Louval. 