ALFRED HAGART'S HOUSEHOLD. By Alexander Smith, author of ' A Life Drama.' I Chapteb XXIX. [One night in the bitter spring weather the curtains were drawn in Mortimer- Btreet, and Miss Kate McQaarrie, with a warm fleecy shawl wrapped around her shoulders, half sat, half reclined in an easy chair before the fire. The truth I WM, the indomitable old lady, for the first time ia her life k almost, had become invalided. She had caught cold one Sunday on Ihe way home from ohureh — indeed the veiy stotm which chilled Miss Kate was the one that, on its way j northwards, enveloped our lovers at Uanvohr— aud had | been for a week or ten days, now, strangely oat of torts. Being unused to illneBs she did not take it well— she was i hastv. aoerulons. and imoatient. ' TJeh. ueh.' she said as. recovering from a paroxysm of coughing, she drew (he fleecy j ebswl closer around her, ' this can't last long. Asthma has got its finger and thumb on my windpipe at last. I am bankrupt in breath, and must live en a half -penny worth a I day, 1 suppose I mustn't grumble. If wanted elsewhere, X realty wish another messenger than this wheezy one had been sent to lodge the citation. Ugh, ugh, when on earth will i that boy cone home ? Ever since Mr. Crook became para- j lyscd they ere working him like a slave. I wish he would come home. I'm fairiy blown, and I suppose I am near the end of my race. It's been a long snd a weary one, but there's a long rest for all— a long rest.' And here the old lady drew the shawl yet more closely around her shoulders, and stared intently into (he fire. I In a few minutes Ann opened tlie door, with s letter, and Misa Sate half turning round, tt -etched out her hand for it. ' It's for Mr. John,' said Asn, hesitating for a mo. men). ' Did I say it wasn't for Mr. John r' cried the old lady testily. ' Do you think I am going to eat Mr. John's j letter ! Give it to me here.' Ann delivered the letter and retired abruptly— in dread of a second volley. I Hits Kate turael again to tbe fire, and examining the epistle discovered thereupon the Hebridean postmark ' What a correspondent that girl is, to be sore,' she mat tered, still playing with it. ' ' She writes like a public officer or a board of clerics. I wonder if her letters laugh. John and the are a pair of extremely loving cousins indeed. But I must keep it for the poor boy ; it will be a lamp of sugar in the tea-cup of his life.' Here she got up and placed it carefully on the mantelpiece. ' Ugh, ugh,' she said as she eat down, 'that finger and thumb again I' She leaned back in the cushioned chair, still staring in the fire. 'Uan- vohr ! I wonder how brother Hector is holding out ? We have not met for years and years, and I think 1 should like to see him once again. I wish that boy would oome.' Miss Kate bad not (o wish long, for almost as soon as she bad given utterance to the words, John Hagart entered the apartment. ' Tou are late, John.' ' Yes. I had a lot of work at the office, and have only just got through with it. i hope you feel better this even ing, auntP' ' Not much, I am a beggar in breath; you cas whistle away in an hour what would Berve me for a week. But nover mind me— theie's a letter for you ou the mantelpiece, John. I suppose you know from whom.' John did know, although he made no reply. In fact he knew the letter would be waiting him, and he struck work a( the office half-an-hour earlier in consequence. ' May I read it, aunt f' he asked, as he lifted the letter from the mantelpiece and took his seat at ths tiUe beneath the light. «' Of course, read it, you foolish fellow ; why ain your golden apples for me }' ' The letter was from Miss Maggie, and John read it with eager eyes. 'Uanvohb, April 18 — , ' Mv dear Jobn*, — I 'wish to day I h$d a gold pen to write with, and perfumed ink to dip it in, aud pink paper to write on, and white wax to close it with, and a seal with the motto, Love conquers all things, to seal it with ! Do you know that Oona and Mr. Willoaghby have made it all up r Oona took the initiative, came forward frankly with. an open . hand, and confessed that in breaking the engagement a month or two ago she had acted wrongly and hastily. 'Wasn't it noble in her? I suspect that a conversation she had on the mat'er with dear Auntie, and the fight at Cuch nHin Lodge, helped much to bring it all about. The wed ding is to takeplace in summer, andtam to be the chiefbrides maid. Oona is to wear a while moire antique, and I a pink tarlatan, with ruches and sprigs of heather. But I need not tell you about these things, as I suppose you are so fright fully ignorant tbat you don't kiow what a moire antique is, or what ruches are. ' Mr. Willoughby has explained to Oona why he went to Narrowkyle, and his explanation is perfectly satisfactory. He went to save a friend, and it was in defence of his friend that he became involved in the brawl. Ton see the evil idle tongues do. It was painful to Q-.ua at the time, bat air s mil that ends well. ' And now you must excuse this hurried ep'stle. I am much engaged to- day. Papa won't be home till evening, and Oona and Mr. Willoughby have gone to visit a water fall, and, of course, all duties fall to me. ' Believe toe, ever, ' Your affectionate Cousin. ' P.S.— The weeding is to take place in summer, and you are to be here in summer,— could not both those great ' events happen simultaneously ? I should like it so much, j Try !' ' Here's such news, aunt,' cried John when he_ had finished his letter. 41 Oona and Mr. Willoughby are friends again ; the marriage is to go on after all, aul Moggie is to be chief bridesmaid, she says.' ' I am very glad to hear it, John; and how did the reconciliation come about ?' It seems that Mr. Willoughby is staying at Uanvohr, and while there Oona told mm she had ajted hastily in in breaking off the tngaeement— and so it's all right now. The wedding is to take place in summer, and Maggie wishes me to come up to Uanvohr then. What do you think ? 1 have often wished to look up all my friends in the north.' ' And thai we shall have another marriage, I suppose. When birds pair in spring-time the period of nest-ba'lding is not far off. You needn't look so foolish, John. Don't yanthinhl have a pair of eyes in my head? Don't you think I can notice what is going on under my nose r' John, with a very red face, laughed uneasily. ' Non sense, aunt,' he said. ' And so the wedding is to take place in the summer the old lady went on, taking no notice of the yoang man's exclamation. ' There will be changes before then. I am very glad of it, however. I always liked Oona much better than I liked Maggie, although, I dare say, you are of a dif ferent opinion.' And here Miss Kate fell into a sort of a muse, and again stare-l intently into the nre. John Hagart was silent. Bethought at the moment that silence was his best policy. ' John.' said Miss Sate, after two or three minutes' pause '? 1 wish you would write Oona in my name, telling her how highly I approve of her conduct, aud with how much sincerity I wish her every happiness. I would write to her myself to-night myself were l able. You'll do it for me. Just put my wishes in your own words. Will you, John ?' Jobn said he would have very great pleasure, and he brought over his writing-desk from a side-table. ' And while yiu ara writing, John, I think I (hall have a little snooze: I feel veiy tired and weak to-night, and you will be as well pleated to be undisturbed. Just bring my footstool a little nearer. Thank you. Don't let me sleep too long. That'll do. The shawl is very nice. Thank you again, John; you are very good.' And so Miss Kate, with her shawl carefully wrapped round her shoulders, sank back into the warmth and softness of her easy chair and closed her eyes. John watched her, and did not begin his letter till he knew she was asleep by the position of her hands end the sound of her breathing. He then wrote to Miss Oona as directed. The letter was not long, and was soon sealed and addressed. As it was too eaily to wake his aunt, who was fleeping comfortably, it struck him that he could not employ his half hour better than by writing to Maggie. So he got hold of another sheet' of paper, and while his pen was swiftly travelling down tho second page, he heard Bis Aunt suddenly call out, ' Yes. Coming !' , John looked up on the instant, and there was Aunt Kate sitting bolt upright in her chair, and looking towards him, her shawl fallen off her shoulders, htr hands trembling, and an alarmed look in her eyes. . ' Who called my came, John? Was it your Did you hear anything !' 'No one called you, aunt. I have not spoken since you Kent to sleep ; no one been here ' . ' Bnt l heard my name called distinctly. The sound iB ringing in my ears yet,' said Aunt Kate, slowly becoming mistress of her hands, and the light of alarm dying out of her eyes as she became conscious of surrounding objects. *' I was called by name as if from a great distance, and (he voice was a voice I know, or have known. What can it navo Viami S»» ' You hive been dreaming, perhaps,' said John, 'and only fancied it.' . miss Kate had again lain back in the cushioned chair, and instead of the look of tilaroi which hod been there a moment ortwo before was the strangest smile ou her fece which John tad ever seen. An inscrutable smile of infinite oontent I ivhicli lay like a light ; and in the light the plaits and creases of care, the larking lines of worldly wisdom acd shrewd hu mour, the furrows of soitow and ths dried up courses of ancient tears were smoothed out, and in pieces had -come an almost infantile repose, a wonderful yonthfulness, which were beautiful to see, but which scared John by their irrelevancy and inappositeness. The eyes were closed, bat Cn«t r *®y that gleam of alien beauty. I knew your voice, Richard, acrOBB the wastes of seventy * years, she said to herself, yet distinct enough for John to catch. ' Lonely have you been there ; lonely have I been ?here. I am coming, luohard.' And she passed her hands across her face, shutting out the strange expression., and then u a little while, John, who was looking on awcstrickon, saw the tears trickling sown between the withered fingers. .But this emotion on the psrt of Aunt Kate Was but of ehortduration, and when she removed her hand;, but for a t certain unusual tranquillity, her face had regained the ordi taiy look, ' yra written the letter to U anvohr ?' she asked. I ' Yes,' said John. ? _ u That's right. Be sure and post It to-morrow. I'll s dfo if' B^G'Slothes, John, before Oona wean her wed *- ci n£??!Lsa^r/'li^ «P?V cr*ei* ' ohiLwho came to bar side. ^ yn *-? aw very nervous, ; ?®jj a good nfghtfe sleep will put you right.' ? , don t know uu finger and thumb I feel on my « Windpipe John— and than I beliove In dreams ?''* omens. I Put there's no we in talking of these thing* at present. I | have a great deal to do, au$ but little time to in. You can go to Uanvohr in Bummer if you like, John— if s per haps the best thing you could do. And now, John, you will go to Dr. Walking to-morrow and tell him to come here. Hooan do nothing for me, but his presence will satisfy you and my other friends, and save all reproaches. You needn't fo to-night, to-morrow morning will do quite well. And, ohn, I should like you to write to your mother at once, and tell her I wish her here. Write the letter, aud make it as little alarming as possible. JuBt eay 1 am rather unwell, aad that I wish to see her. Now I think thafs all I have to say to-night. Bins the bell for Ann, and she will assist me to my room. Yot?U be sure and write to Oreysley be fore you go to bed, and have it posted early. Oool night, John, good night. And by the time that the oIO. lady had played for a moment with John Hagart' s brown hair, and kissed him on the forehead, Ann was in the room. John, when his aunt had gone, strove to make himself believe that the voice was merely a nervous delusion, and tbat when once the bitter spring winds were over, the invalid would be well again j bnt before he went to bed he wrote to bis mother, summoning her to Miss Kate's bedside. Next morning, after hearing that bis aunt had spent a rather rest less night, he went to the office, calling on Dr. WatklnB anl posting his letters on the way. The Doctor was to go to Mortimer-street at once, and John was to call on his way home to hear his repert. John called ou Dr. Watkir.s ia the afternoon on his way home, and was shown into the library, The doctor came in almost instantly. ' How did you find my aunt?' John inquire! anx iously. «' She is very weak,' said the Doctor, ' very weak indeed.' ' But is her illness dangerous r' ' Well, for a young «nd strong person it would not be dangerous. But, Mr. Hagart, you must remember yonr . aunt is veiy old, and that the rope is so frayel and worn that it cannot endure much strain now.' 'Do you think she will die, Doctor r' askel tbe young man with a sort of gulp. ' To tell you the truth,' said the Doctor, ' I expect she will run down some morning like a watch — will stop from fheer exhaustion. But we will do everything we can do for ber, you may depend upon that. She has hal a wonderful consiitn'ion yon know, and that may hold out for yeta little.' John did not ask any more questions ; he was anxious to see how matters stood, and so he went home carrying a heart ' with him which waa heavy as lead. When John came home Miss Kate had fallen asleep, Ann told him, and that during the day she hid inquire! several times it her sister had yet arrived, although each time she had remembered that Mrs. Hagart, even if she had started on the receipt of the message, could not possibly be at Mor timer-street before the evening. She hid been restless all the day, but she was now sleeping peacefully. And so the young man after dinner— he felt that day how dreaiy a thing it was to dine alone — sat down to finish his letter to Maggie, the conclusion of which contrasted strangely with the gaiety of the opening sentences. While 'John waa writing, his mother was driving rapidly in a hackney-coach from Oreysley to Hawkhead, The good lady waB in a sad state of perturbation. She knew perfectly well that Miss Kate would not send for her unless she was tore bestead, and she was prepared to expect the worst on arrival. She loved ber sister sincerely, and was grieved that illness had overtaken her ; but with the natural sorrow there was mingled a certain feeling of bewilderment. She had known hardships and misfortune herself, she hai wept over a dead face, sorrow and she had been year-long companions, and a personal catastr phe would have seemed the most or dinary thing in the woild. But that anything should go wrong with Miss Kate, with whom she had associated every idea of stable prosperity, of invariable success, seemed to her wonderful, unacceuntable ; something like a suspension of the laws of nature, and the unhinging of all (liings. Mrs. Hagart lay back in the carriage, while the cold April moon (hone out overhead, and the shadowy trees, like the dark plumes of funeral heart es, flitted rapidly past on either side of the road. Her mind went back to the old times ; to her father's house ; to her marriage and the estrangements consequent thereupon ; to Miss Kate's kindness to her chil dren ; to the one that remained ; to the far dearer one taken away, and dearer because taken away ; to the making up of the family breach ; — and thinking of all this, and how the entire WTong thing had become right again, and of the duty c-n which she wae at the time engaged, the poor lady threw herself back in a corner of the vehicle, and wept outright ; end it was not till the cold stars, and the dark Sitting ghosts of trees, and the eilence of the country road, were exchanged for the far-radiating lines of lamps of Hawkhead, the blaze of shop windows, the continuous rattle of wheels, and the din and movements of intent crowds, that she regained com parative composure; and even then, glancing out of the window of the vehicle on the glare of light, and the bustle and pressure of passenger?, Bhe marvelled how many death beds there were that night in the noisy, brilliant city, and how many of the dusky cases that hurried past for a moment in the shop lights bore hearts as sore as hers. ' Hundreds on hundreds,' she said to herself; ' hundreds on hundreds could take me bv the hand to-night.' Mrs. Hagart tad no sooner reached Mortimer street than John was out on her in the lobby in a moment He gave ber what information he could concerning the condition of the invalid. He carried her into the room which had been prepared foi her, and she had barely laid aside her bonnet and eliawl when Ann appeared at the door. ' Please ma'am,' said Ann, ' Miss McQuarrie is awake now. She heard the door-bell, and is anxious to know if you have arrived. Will you come this way, ma'am r' It rs. Hbgait followed Ann at onoe, and when she entered the sick apaitmeat, there was Miss Kate propel up on pil lows in bed, looking gaunt and pale, her hands lying lax on the top of the bedclothes. At the step she turned half round, and a look of pleasure visited the dim eyes ' I thought it was you, Margaret. It waa very kind of you to come eo soon. Place the candle on the table near my bed side Arm, and then you can leave ths room. You will be calltd if you are wanted.' £t--. did as she was directed, and left the room. ' Kiss me sister,' said the old lady, when they were alone ; *' I am going on a long journey. You have been crying, Margaret,' she continued, quickly, as she caught Mrs. Hngarf s face as she beat forward in the candlelight. ' Is it worth crying for ?' ' Don't speak in that way,' eaid Mrs Hagart, as she placcd her arms round Miss Kate, and kissed her. Don't speak in that way ; you will break my heart if you do. You must not speak of dying, Kate.' Miss Kate lay back on her pillow for a few moments. ' Do you remember the day of Ivaty's funeral, Margaret ' Ab, yes.' ' Do you remember my telling you of the man I loved, ' Yes,' said Mra. Hagart, in wonderment, ' Se called me last night. I heard his voice calling my name as distinctly as I heard him long ago calling it from the red sunset cliffs behind the house, or from the boats in the bay, in (he years when I was happy. And I knew his voice and awoke crying, 'Yes, I am coming ;' and I'm going, Margaret; and it's best. We bave been separated for yews and years ; he on one rueful shore, I on another ; and Oea'h, the ferryman, is coming across to take me to him. We will understand each other now. If we have both, sinned iu pride, we have suffered, and God has accepted the expiation. Youth bas been omitted in my life, and I am going back to it. That which was sown in corruption, shall rise in incor ruption, and this mortal body shall put on immortality. Before week is out the coffin lid shall press upon my face ; but I shall feel yOHnger then, — far younger.' To all this Mtb. Hagart could only reply by caresses and tears, and after a little while Miss Kate went on. ' Don't cry, Margaret ; what's the use r I have had ninety years of it, and 1 have no right to grumble, I am sure. Now, then, attend to me, for I have many things to say to you. I am going away, and I must set my house in order before I go. Are you paying attention, Margaret ?' ' Yes, sitter, yee.' ' Then in (he lower drawer, yonder, you will find all the things I need, when if s over. I made them years ago.' Oh, Kate, Kate, don't speak in that way.' ' But I must, my dear. What do you think I brought you here for r I didn't expect to give you pleasure, you know. You must listen to me, and you must remember what I tell you also.' Here Mrs. Hagart wiped eyes, that were next moment wet -.gsin, and Miss Kate went on, ' I don't wish many people to be here when they take me away. I wish my brother Hector, aud my lawyer, Mr. Hook— he'll have something to do in any caee when (he company comes back ; and John, of course, and Mr. Stavert.' Here the old lady lay still for a little while. ' It'll be a fine play this for Stavert,' she went on. ' He was always a grand hand at a funeral. He's a liking for the cakes and the wine. I should almost like to i«y good- bye to him, for all that has come and gone between us; and Hagart, yes, you must have Hagart. Alfred Hagart boB been a prosperous man of late years.' ' God bas been very good to us ; Alfred has been very prosperous ever since he came to know you, Kate. It al most seems as if a special blessing had come with tbe reconciliation.' Here for a moment there was a flicker of a droll smile on Mies Kate's face. 'Yes, indeed, Margaret, it almost seems so. Do you think the reconciliation had anything to do with it r But never mind that now. You can discuss the matter with Alfred when I am gone out of earthot. Now, I have much to say to you vet. Where was I ?— Oh, yes. you are to have our brother Hector, and Mr. Hook and John, and Stavert, and Hagart, at the funeral ; tbat will be enough, I think, I suppose you hare heard from John that Oona's engagement ba 1 been broken off r' Mrs. Hagart eaid she had heard of the broken engage ment. ' Then it's made up again ; and be sure end tell Hector when you see him that it was one of my last wishes that this marriage should not be delayed. Why should they delay it ? Why should my grave lay in the way of a bride to church. Don't Ut my dying stop the weidlng a single hour. At all events tell Hector tbat I did not wish to stop it. You will be sure and tell Hector (hat ? ' Mrs. Hagart gave the required promise. ' And now, Margaret, John getB the house here and tho furniture^ and what little money I have left, barring a few legacies. He has been a great oomfort through all the years he has stayed with me. And he will need it too, for I rather think (bat, before long, he will be presenting you with a daughter- in-law ; that he wfll be taking a mate from the Uanvohr neat. Ho might do worse, Margaret- I leave you nothing, dear, eave a few trinkets, whioh are seared bythe touobing of dead fingers ; you will valooithem I know. Had yon needed money, I should have left you some ; bnt yon Don't need ft new. Well, I think that is all I have to say. If yoo think I have forgotten anything, Margaret. I hope yon will mention it. for I am tired and sleepy, and my tim» for sleeping or waking u but abort,' Daring all this talk there waa sore distress at the good sister's heart as she half sat, half leaned on the bedside. One topic, all-important as it seemed to her at such a moment, naa been entirely overlooked by Miss Kate, and she would have introduced it before had opportunity beau granted her. The opportunity, she conceived, bad now come. f£££9 ' You have forgittcn nothing, I think,. in the way of temporal matters, and I shall fulfil every one of your wishes ; but eh, (i ter, (ister, if you are to leave us, would you not like to have a clergyman to pray with you. Mies Kale turned her eyes quickly round on the appealing, face. ' I thought, Margaret, you had known me better. For this hour I have waited more than fifty years, and I was not a fool to put off prepaiations till it came upon me liked an armed man. I have been lonely in my religion, as I have been lonely in my life. My temporal and eternal affairs, I bave transacted myself. Weak ana frail, and scant of breath, I know that my Redeemer liveth. His right arm will suBtAin me and carry me. He walked along the road oa which I am now entering, and took away its 1 neliness aud (eiror. Not in my own merits I trust but in His.' In a moment Mre. Hagarl's arms were around her sister, and tbe tears were falling thickly on her face. ' Now don't cry, Margaret ; I don't think this dying ia worth the shedding of a tear. Now, you must go to bed. King the bell for Ann ; eho wi'l walch wi(h me to-night.' 'But you must allow me to sit up with you to-night.' pled Mre. Hagart ' You will do nothing of the kind. In a night or two you will have to wait, and so you hni better take what rest you can iu»t now. Ring the hell for Ann, dear : it's her c uty to wait on me, nnd she's paid for it ; and then go and bave some supper, raid a little talk with John, and think as tenderly as you can, both of you, of the old dying woman here ' And to Mrs. Hagart rang the bell ; and when she went into the room where John was sitting, she threw herself down on the sofa, and broke into a great fit of weeping. Mre. Bsgart had ia wait one night. Somewhat less than a week after, Ann, Mr. Hagart, who had come from Grcypler, and John, were waiting in the sick room. Dr. WaUins bad been at Mortimer -street several limes during (be day, and was just gone. Miss Kate was in a sleepy comatose cotdition. Ann had, in a whisper, espresso! her opinion to Mrs. Hagart that a change would come with the (urn of (be night. A little after midnight Miss Kate said, ' Margaret.' Mrs. Hegart west and lent over her. '? I think I am getting into calm water now. Who is in tbe room with you ' Only Alfred end John.' ' I should like to shake hands with them and Bay good bye.' A nd at the word Mrs. Hagart motioned Alfred, who come forward to the bedside. ' Is (hat you, Alfred Hagart ?' said Kato, when she felt bis hand. ' )t is me,' said Alfred, huskily. ' I am glad you are here. I have been able to help you end yours, and it's a pleasant thought now. I'm going away ; good-bye, good bye. Think aa kindly of me as you can wlie n 1 am gone.' ' Jobn ?' ' Yes, aunt.' 'Our partnership is at an end now, John. Be a good man. Be a good man. You will know how precious good ness is when yon come to lie on a bed like this. Is this your hand r God bless and keep you, John.' MiEs Kate lay still for a little while, aud then she called r.gain, ' Margaret f' ' 1 can't see you, Margaret. Purely the candles are very Aim. Have you any message for Katy r Kiss me y et again lofpre I go. Oh, Margaret.' And when on that spring morning sparrows began to chirp about the windows and to carry straw in their, bills for nests beneath the slates and in the cosy comers of g&r-; foylcs and spoutee ; and the vegetable- carts to come rolling through the street cany ine with them the scent of primroses ; uni the coffee-shops to open for the benefit of the breakfast less artisan hurrying to work ; and the night policemen to (?if appear from every beat — iu (he sunny light of that spring morning Captain Kate, still and white as a mound of snow, Joy in a white bed in Mortimer- street, her warfare done, ber long campaign closed. Let us drawdown the blind and J leave the room. {To be corcl-jdei in our next.) 