?ELIGIOUS. The affairs of thie Church of England in this colony go on in the usual quiet way. Ahllough the seecp have been so long without their shepherd, they do not gaem togo astray more than those of other denomina tions. We still hlear nothing of thle intended returt of the Bishop, and the news of his mendicaney in EgLng d iu received here with disgust. Iis.lordshlip represents us there as heathens ansd beggurs, whereas most of us could teach him some Christian lessons, and if we had a Bishop of comprehensive minid who understood the colony, the treasury of the Church would overflow. The Roman Catholics, under tlheir energetic and able Bishop, Dr. Qauinn, are vigorously occupying the ground phioh we allow to lie idle. The ooneeration of St. Patrick's Chapel, Laidley, whiuh we referred to in our last as having been una voidably postponed, took place on Sunday, July 2l. A peeis tram left Ipswiclh at 8.30 a.m., with about oe hundred andtlifty passengers, amongst whom were several pereons from Brisbane. The traisl arrived at Laidley at about eleven o'clock, and the visitors at once proceeded to the chapel, which is pleasantly situated on the side of an eminence overlooking a large extent of country. It is a very neat etructure of wood in the gothic style, and is capable of eom-n foetably acemmodatinlg about 120 persons. The aserty is octagon in shape, and the building is set eloff with a bell turret. The interior fittings are very neat. The dooerem and window frames, and the sanettnry railse, are of polished cedar. ThIe altar is in thie form of a half cone, let into the sacristy, and very tastefully worked in wood. It was ornamented with flowere, and presented a very pleasing and tasteful appearance. At about half-past 12 o'clock, the Right Rer. Dr. Quinn appeared in his pontifical robes, and performed thse ceremony of consecrating the edifice to the wor shaip and honour and glory of God. Mass was thene ealebrated by his lordsoip, after which a very eloquent sermon was preached by Father Bruan, who chose for his text, "I believe in the Holy Ghost; the holy Catholio Church." The singing, under thIe con dotorehip of Mr. Strahan, was very good. A col leetion then took place, and £20 was subscribed. Benediction of the blesseod sacrament followed. The congregatiou then left thie chlurchl and pro seeded to loroney's, where a number of tables were set out with a substantial luncheon, to which ample justice was done, the appetite of all present Iarving been whetted by the journey and the bracing air of Idley plais. The Bishop presided. After the repeat, the Rev. Father Brun rose and said that in consideration of the day and the circumstances under whigh they were assembled, it was con sidered adrisable to dispense with the usual formula of toast. He Congratulated the people of Laidley on having erected a building to the glory of God, and sooluded by proposing the health of the rev. and rslerated prelate, the Right Rev. Dr. Qninn. Dr. Quian returned thanks. He said it atorded hin great pleasure to be present ot such meetings, which he attributed to thIe energy displayed by Father Bran. That was the third time he had bean called on to poerform a similar ceremony by that gentleman, and he was sure that if the building of churches would send a min to heaven that he would occupy a high psation there. He concluded by proposing the health ofather Bruan. Father Brun returned thanks, .and proposed "Our Friends," making special mention of those from Brisbane. The toast having been responded to, the train started at 5 p.m., and at 7 all were safaly landed in Iposwich. \- The Roman Catholis Biship of Queensland must certainly be a very remarkable man if the following pungraph from a Toowoomba paper is correct. Our contemporary (the Chroniole) says:--" His Grace the Bishop of Queensland arrived here on a visit on -Tued8yTulsy 1. On Wednesday he entertaiued a efyew edl at St. Mary's, who spent a most pleasant evening with him, enlivened by his reminiscences of A?cient and Modern Bome, where his Grlrco spent a kargs portion of his youth. All present seemed touched by his remarkable vivacity and their courteous reception. His Grace will proceed shortly to conse rite the new Catholic Chapels at Drayton and Dalby. Hs'lordship expressed himself highly pleased at th exertions of-the Reverend Fathers Renehan, Mf'Gahsa, and Walsh, in enlsging the Chapel of St. Patrick." (If "hhs Gace" spent a large portion of his ,onth in "'Ancient Rome," his reminiscences would naturally be extremely interesting. We should lie to sk him a fewquestions ourselves.) ?? eferenee to the conseocration of the new ehurchl at Dalb we fnd the following in the local journal : The solemn and impressive ceremony of blessing theanew Catholio Church was performed on Sulday, .ngist 12, by the REght Rev. thIe Bishop of Brisbane. Shortly after 11 o'clock a.m. his lordship, robed n el.?d eanonicals, assisted by the Rev. Father D.eitt, and preceded by a cress-bearer and aco lyes, walked round the church in procession re tin.the psalms and litanies prescribed by the ibor tuch cooasions. The procession in like manner proceeded round the interior of the church. Mass was then celebrated, after which a sermon was preached by the Bishop, in aid of the building fund of the chorch.e The preacher drew tie attenteon of the congregation, in touching and eloquent language, to the nature and purpose for Whirh the sacred edifice was erected, pointing out to them that it wus to be a home ofprayer, a placewhere the most sacred obliga tions would hereafter be contracted, by the eceptiou of the different sacraments, and where men were to derive that spirit of true charity whihlei would enable them to set s noble part during their mortal career. Adfter, thesermon a collection was made, and £10 was realised i; doubtless the amount would have been much Isager, had not the inelemenecy of the teather pre vented many from attending. The ceremonies of the day were concluded with a benediction of the Blessed ~ascrment. The neat and handsome church, which was on that day solemnly dedicated to Almighty God, under the patronage of St. Joseph, was beautz dully decorated for the eremony. The beautiful new Presbyterian Chlurch in Ipswich is still without a clergyman. We stated in our last summary that the Rev. Colin M'Culloclh hIad declined the oall and settled in Warwick. A misunderstand ing ofterwards occurred with the Synod as to creden. tials, which led to an unfortunate result, as may be seen by the following extract tfrom thile local journal: " A meeting of this congregation was held on the 18th July, presided over by the Rev. Dr. Nelson, of Too woomba, who, along with the Rev. George Grimm, of Dalby, appeared on behalf of the Toowoomba Presby tery. Both these gentlemen deplored the hasty steps taken by the Synod, but were compelled to acknow ledge that there was no existing rule of the Quens land Presbyterian Church anent the definite chlaracter of credentiale, but that "the Presbytery sustains or rejects calls." It was then, after calm deliberation and a due sense of the important step about to be taken, unanimously resolved to dissolve the union be tween this congregation and the Synod; which forth with was done, and a committee sppointed to carry out the further movements of this congregetion." In conneetion with the various othller denominations we have nothing particular to record. We may state, however, that the Rev. J. P. Sunderlund has lately arrived from Melbourne, and has already lectured on Missions and addressed a meeting in Brisbene in aid of the London Missionary Society. 