ARlMADALE. BY wtLKIE COLLINS. BOOK THnE FOURTII.-CIIAPTER II. Miss Gwvilt's Diarty. OCTOBIE 25th, ten at night.--\faonuel has got him. He has just left us, after staying here more than an hour, and talking the whole time of nothing but his own wonderfil luck in find ing the very help he wanted, at the time when he needed it most. At noon to-day he was on the mole, it seems, with his interpreter, trying vainly to make himself understood by the vagabond population of the water-side. Jost as be was giving it up in despair, a stranger standing by (Manuel had followed him, I suppose, to the mole from his hotel) kindly interfered to put things right. sHe said, "I speak your language and their language, sir. I hnow Naples well; and I have been professionally accustomed to the sea. Can I help you n?" The inevitable result followed. Armadale shifted all his difficulties on to the shoulders of the polite stranger, in his usual helpless, headlong way. I-is new firiend, however, insisted, in the most honourable manner, on complying with the customary formalities before he would consent to take the matter into his own hands. IHe begged leave to wait on Mr. Armadale with his testimonials to character and capacity. The.same afternoon he had come by appointment to the hotel with all his papers, and with thile saddest story of his sufferings and privations as a political refugee that Armadale had ever heard. The interview was decisive. Manuel left the hotel commissioned to find a crew for the yacht, and to fill the post of sailing-master on the trial cruise. I watched Midwinter anxiously while Arma dale was telling us these particulars; and afterwards-when he produced the new sailing muster's testimonials, which he had brought with him for his friend to see. For the moment Miidwinter's superstitious misgivings seemed to be all lost in his natural anxiety for his friend. He examined the stranger's papers-after having told me that the sooner Armadale was in the hands of strangers the better !-with the closest scru tiny and most business-like distrust. It is needless to say that the credentials were as perfectly regular and satisfactory as creden tials could be. When Midwinter handed them back, his colour rose: he seemed to feel the inconsistency of his conduct, and to ob serve for the first time that I was present noticing it. "There is nothing to obieot to in the testimonials, Allan: I am glad you have got the help you want at last." That was all he said at parting. Assoon as Arma dale's back was turned I saw no more of him. He has locked himself up again for the night in his own room. There is now-so far as I am concerned hn?t nn ann?et.,f e "Vwhen tho wasle -out one anxiety lett. When the yacht is ready for sea, and when I decline to occupy Sthe lady's cabin, will Midwinter hold to his resolution and refuse to sail without me ? October 26th.-Warnings already of the coming ordeal. A letter from Armadale to Midwinter, which Midwinter has just sent in to me. Here it is: DEAR MID,-I am too busy to come to-day. Get on with your work, for heaven's sakle 1 The new tailing-master is a man of a thousand. IHe bas got an Englishman whom ho knows to serve as mate on board already; and heis positively certain of getting the crew together in three or four days' time. I am dying for a whiff of the sea, and so are you, or you are no sailor. The rigging is set up, the stores arc coming on board, and we shall bend the sails to morrow or next day. I never was in such spirits in my lifo. Remember me to your wife, and toll her she will be doing me a favour if she will come at once, and order everything sote wants in the lady's cabin. Yours affeclionately, A. A. Under this was written in Midwinter's hand .-" Remember what I told you. Write (it will break it to him more gently in that way) and beg him to accept your apologies, and to excuse you from sailing on the trial trip." I have written without a moment's loss of time. The sooner Manuel knows (which he is certain to do through Armadale) that the promise not to sail in the yacht is performed already, so far as I am concerned, the safer I shall feel. October 27th.-A letter from Armadale in answer to mine. He is full of ceremonious regret at the loss of my company on the cruise; and he politely hopes that Midwinter may yet induce me to alter my mind. Wait a little, till he finds that Midwinter won't sail with him either! * * * October 80th.-Nothing new to record until.to-day. To-day the change in our lives here has come at last! Armadale presented himself this morning, in his noisiest high spirits, to announce that the yacht was ready for sea, and to ask when Midwinter would be able to go on board. I told him to make the inquiry himself in Mid winter's room. He left me with a last re quest that I would re-consider my refusal to sail with him. I answered by a last apology tor persisting in my resolution; ana then took a chair alone at the window, to wait the event of the interview in the next room. My whole future depended now on what passed between Midwinter and his friend I Everything had gone smoothly up to this time. The one danger to dread was the . danger of Midwinter's resolution, or rather of Midwinter's fatalism, giving way at the last moment. If he allowed himself to be per suaded into accompanying Armadale on the cruise, Manuel's exasperation against me would hesitate at nothing-he would remem ber that I had answered to him for Arma dale's sailing from Naples alone; and lie would be capable of exposing my whole past life to Midwinter before the vessel left the port. As I thought of this, and as the slow minutes followed each other, and nothing reached my ears but the hum of voices in the next room, my suspense became almost un endurable. It was vain to try and fix my attention on what was going on in the street. I sat looking mechanically out of the window, and seeing nothing. Suddenly-I can't say in how long, or how short a time-the hum of voices ceased ; the door opened; and Armadale showed himself on the threshold, alone. " I wish you good-by," he said roughly. "And I hope shen I am married, my wife may never cause Midwinter the disappoint ment that Midwinter's wife has caused me!" He gave me an angry look, and made me an angry bow-and, turning sharply, left the room. I saw the people in the street again I I saw the calm sea, and the masts of the ship ping in the harbour where the yaoht lay I I could think, I could breathe freely once more! The words that saved me from Manuel-the words that might be Armadale's sentence of death-hbad been lspoken. The yacht was to sail without Midwinter as well as without me!l My first feeling of exultation was almost maddening. But it was the feeling of a Im oment only. IMy heart sank in me again when I thought of Midwinter alone in thLe next room. I went out into the passage to listen, and heard nothing. I tapped gently at his doolr and looked in. IHIe was sitting at tile table, with his face hidden in his bands. I looked at him in silence-and saw tile glistening of the tears as they trickled through his fingers. " Leave me," hlie said, without moving his hands. "I must get over it by myself." I went back into the sitting-room. Who can understand women --we dlon't even understand ourselves. Ilis sending me away fraom him in that manner cut me to the heart. I don't behleve the most harmless andt most gentle woman living could have felt it more acutely than I felt it. And this, after what I have bean doing! thlis, after what I was thinking of the moment before I went into his roonm ! Who can accountforit? Nobody I, least of all ! l, 1east or nal! Hlll an hour later his door opened, and I heard him hurrying down the stairs. I ran out without waiting to think, and asked him if I might go with him. Ho neither stopped nor answered. I went back to the window and saw him pass, walking rapidly away, with hio back turned on Naples and the sea. I can understand now that he might not have heard me. At the time I thought him inexcusably and brutally unkind to me. I put on my bonnet in a frenzy of rage with him; I sent out for a carriage and told the man to take me where he liked. Ho took me, as he took other strangers, to the Museum to see the statues and the pictures. I flounced from room to room, with my face in a flame, and the people all staring at me. I came to myself uguin, I don't know how. I rettirned to the carriago and mado the man dtive me back in a violent hurry, I don't know why. I tossed off my cloak and bonnet and sat down once more at the window. The sight of the sea cooled me. I forgot Midwinter and thought of Armndale and his yacht. There wasn't a breath of wind; there wasn't a cloud in the sky-the wide waters of the bay were as smooth as the surface of a glass. The sun had sunk; the short twilight came and went. I had some tea and sat at the table thinking and dreaming over it. When I roused myself and went back to the window the moon was up-but the quiet sea was as quiet as ever. I was still looking out when I saw Mid winter in the street below, coming hack. I was composed enough by this time to remem ber his habits and to guess that le had been trying to relieve the oppression on his mind by one oc 151 Long entirey waits. Ye flea I hearts him go into his own room, I waa too prudent to disturb him-I waited his pleasure where I was. Before long I heard his window opened, :nd I saw him from my window step into the balcony, and after a look at the sea, hold up his hand to the air. I was too stupid, for the moment, to remember that he had once been a sailor, and to know what this meant. I waited, and wondered what would happen next. He went in again; and, after an interval, came out once more, and held up his hand as before, to the air. This time he waited, lean ing on the balcony rail, and looking out steadily, with all his attention absorbed by the sea. For a long time he never moved. Then, on a sudden, I saw him start. The next moment he sank on his knees with clasped hands resting on the belcony rail. " God Almighty bless and keep you, Allan!" he said fervently. "Good-by for ever!" I looked out to the sea. A soft steady breeze was blowing, and the rippled surface of the water was sparkling in the quiet moon light. I looked again-and there passed slowly, between me and the track of the moon, a long black vessel with tall shadowy ghost-like sails, gliding smooth and noiselessly through the water like a snake. The wind had come fair with the night; and Armadale's yacht had sailed on the trial cruise. CHAPTER Inn. 27ie Diary Brolkinc off: London, November 19th - I am alone again in the great city; alone for the first time since our marriage. Nearly a week since I started on my homeward journey, leaving Midwinter behind me at Turin. The days have been so full of events since the month began, and I have been so harassed, in mind and body both, for the greater part of the time, that my diary has been wretch edly neglected. A few notes, written in such hurry and confusion that I can hardly under stand them myself, are all that I possess to remind me of what has happened since the night when Armadale's yacht left Naples. Let me try if I can set this right, without more loss of time-let me try if I can recall the circumstances in their order as they have followed each other from the beginning of the month. On the third of November-being then stilli at Naples-Midwinter received a hurried letter from Armadale, dated Messina. "The weather," he said, "had been lovely, and the yacht had made one of the quickest passages on record. The crew were rather a rough set to look at; but Captain MIenuel and his English mate," (the latter described as " the best of good fellows,") " managed them admirably." After this pro.sperous beginning Armadale had arranged, as a matter of course, to prolong the cruise; and, at the saniling master's suggestion, hlie had decided to visit some of the ports in the Adriatic, which the captain had delscribed as full of character and well worth seeing. A pIostscript followed, explaining that ArSmadale hald written in a hurry to catch the steamer to iNaples, and that hlie had opened his letter again, before sending it off, to add somethingi he had forgotten. On the day before the yncht sailed he lhad been at the banker's to get "a few hundreds in gold," and he believed he lhad left his cigar-case there. It was an old friend of his, and he begged thait Midwiniter would oblige him by endeavouring to recover it, and keeping it for him till they met again. That was the substance of the letter. I.thought over it carefully when Mid winter had left me alone again, after reading it. My idea was then (and is still) that Manuel hlad not lperstadetld Armadalo to cruise in a sea like tihe Adriatic, so much less fre quented by ships than the Mediterranean, for nothing. The terms, too, in which the trifling loss of the cigar-case was mentioned, struck me as being equally snggestive of what was coming. I conclucded that Armndalo's cir colar notes had not been transformed into those "few hundreds in gold," through any forethonght or busieness-knowledge of his own. Mannuel's influence, I suspectedl, hadl booeen exerted in this matter nlso-andl once more not witlhout reason. At intervals through the wakleful night, these considerations came back again andi again to me; anti time after time they pointed obstinately (so ithr as my next movements were concerned) in one and the soame way-tithe way hack to England. Hfow to. get there, andt especially how to get there lunaccompanied by Midwinter, was more than I lhad wit enoaIgh to discover thlat night. I tried, and tried, to meet tihe difli culty, and fell asleep exlhaustedl towards the morning, witllout hIaving met it. Some Ihours latere, as soon as I was dressed, Midwinter came in, with news receivedt by that morning's post from his emplloyers in London. The propriotors of thie newspaper had received firom tle editor so favourable a report of his correspondence firom Nales, that they had determined on advancing him to a place of greater responsiiility and greater emolument at Ttrin. His instructions were enclosedt in thie latter, antd lie was requested to lose no timne in leaving Naples for his new post. On hearing this I relieved his mind, before he could put the 'tquestion, of all anxiety abott my willingness to remove. ' Tinrin head the great attraction, in my eyes, of being on thle roand to England. I assured him at once that I was ready to travel as soon as he pleased. Iie thanked me for suiting myself to his Ilans with more of his old gentleness and kindness than I had seen in him fbr some time past. The good news firom Armadale on tihe previous day seemed to have roused him a little from the dull despair in which Ihe had been ansnk since the sailing of thle yachlt. Aitd now, the prospect of advancement in his profession, and, more thtan that, the prospect of leaving the fatal place in which the third vision of the dtream had come truie, Ihad (ns he owned himself) additionally cheered and relieved him. He asked, befuo hie went away to make the arrangements for our journey, whether I expected to hear firom my family in England, and whether hlie hould give instructions for the forwarding of my letters with his own to thle poste restaute at Turin. I instantly thlanlked him and acceplted the offer. His proposal had soiggosted to me the moment he made it, that my "fictitious family circumstances" might be turned to good account once more, as a reason for un expectedlly summoning me from Italy to England. On the ninth of the month we were in stalled at Turin. On the thirteenth, MIidwinter-being then very busy-asked if I would save him a loss of time by applying for any letters which might have followed us firom Naples. I had been waiting for the opportunity be now offered me, and I determined to snatch at it without allowing myself time to hesitate. T'hlereo were no letters at theposte restante for either of us. But when he put the question on my return, I told him that there had been a letter for me, with alarming news from home. MIy mothler was dangerously ill, and I was entreated to lose no time in hurrying back to England to see her. It seems quite unaccountable-now that I amn away firom him-but it is none the less true, that I could not, even yet, tell him a downright premeditated falsehood without a sense of shlrinkling and shame, which other puopla would think, and which I think my self, utterly inconsistent with sech a character as mine. Inconsistent or not, I felt it. And what is stranger-perhaps, I ought to say, madder-still, if he had pIersisted in his first resolution to accompany me himself to Eng land rather than allow me to travel alone, I firmly believe I should have turned my back on templtation for the second time, and have lulled myself to rest-once more in the old dream of living out my lifo happy and harm less in my husband's love. Am I deceiving myselfin this ? It doesn't matter-I dare say 1 am. Never mind what might have liappened. What did happen is the only thing of any importance now. It ended in ilidwinter's letting me per suade him that I was old enough to take care-of myself on the journey to England, and that he owed it to the newspaper peoplle who had trusted their interests in his hands, not to leave Turin just as he was established there. le didn't suffer at taking leave of me as he suffelred when hie saw the last of his friend. I saw that, and set down the anxiety he ex pressed that I should write to him, at its piroper value. 1 have quite got over my wveaLk ness for him at last. No man who really loved me wovld have put what he owed to a pack of newspaper people before what he owed to his wife. I hate him for let gting me convince him! I believe he was glad to get rid of me. I believe he has seen some woman whom he likes at Turin. Well, let him follow his new fancy if he pleases! I shall be the widow of MIr. Arms dtle of Thorpe-Ambrose before long-and what will his likes or dislikes matter to me then ? The events on the journey were not worth mentioning, and my arrival in London stands recorded already on the top of the now page. As for to.day, the one thing of any im portance that I have done, since I got to the cheap and quiet hotel at which I am now staying, has been to send for the landlord, and ask himi to help me to a sight of tile baeck numbers at the Times newspaper. [In has politely offered to accompany me himself to morrotw morning to some pIlace in the city where all the papers ere kept, as he calls it, in file. Till to- morrow then I must control my impatience for news of Armadale as well as I can. And so good-night to the pretty reflection of myself that appears in these pages ! November 20th.-Not a word of news yet, either in the obituary or in any other part of the paper. I looked carefully through each number in succession, dating from the day when Armadale's letter was written at Messina, to this present 20th of the month and I am certait, whatever may have hap pened, that nothing is known in England as yet. Patience! The newspaper is to meet me at the breakfast.table every morning till ftrther notice-and any day now may show me what I most want to see. November 2lst.-Nonews again. I wrote to Mlidwinter to-day to keep uip appearances. When the letter was done I fell into wretchedly low spirits-I can't imagine why and felt stch a longing for a little company, that il despair of knowing where elsoe to go, I ectoally went to Pitmlico on the chance that Mother Oldershaw might have returned to her old quarters. There were changes since I had seen the place during my former stay in London. Doctor Downwvrd's side of the house was still empty. But the shop was being brightened up for the occupation of a milliner andtl dressmaker. The people, when I went to make inquiries, were all strangers to me. They showed, blwover, no hesitation in giving me MIrs. Olderohaw's address when I ilsked for it-from which I infer that the little difficelty which forced her to be in hiding in Augaost last is at an end so far as she is concerned. As for the doctor, the people at the shop either were, or pretendtled to be, quite unable to tell what had become of him. I don't know whether it was the sight of the piece at Pimlico that sickened me, or whether it was my own perversity, or what. But now that I had got Mrs. Oldershaw's taddtress, I felt as if she was the very last pIer son in the world that I wanted to see. I took a cab, andti told the man to drive to the street she lived in, and then told him to drive back to the hotel. I hardly know what is the matter with me-unless it is that I am getting more impatient every hour for in formation about Armadale. When will the future look a little less dark, I wonder ? To mor'roe is Saturday. Will to-morrow'enews itiaper lift theo veil? November 2and.-Satarday's newspaper has lifted the veil! Wordls are vain to ex press the panic of astonishment in which I write. I never once anticipated it-I can't believe it or realize it now it hlas happened. The winds and waves themselves have tirnced my accomplices! The yacht lhas foundtered at seae, and every soel on board has perished h I-Iore is the account cat out of this morn ing's newspaper: Dit?sasTER AT SrA.-Intellcgence has reached the Ronyal Yacht Sqsuadron and the insurers, which leaves no reasonable doubt, we regret to say, of tie total loss, on the ifth of the present month, of tie yacht Dorothea, with every soul on board. The particulars are as follows:-At daylight, on the morning of the sixth, the Italian brig Speranzs, bound from Venice to Marsala for orders, enconi tared some floating oejects off Cape Spartivento (at the soutlernmost extremity of Italy) which attracted the curiosity of thie people of the brig. The previous day hald been marked by one of the most severo oI tie sutdedm andt violent storms, peculiar to those southern seas, which has beeon remembered for yrsr T'hie Speranzna htrself taving (teen in danger while the gale lasted, the captain and crew concluded that they were oni the traces of a wreek. and a boat wtes lowered for tLo purpose of examining the objects it the water. A tbenoop, some brolten spare, aci ftragments'of shultatered plank were the first evidences of tie terrible disaster that iad happened. Some of the lighter articles of cabin furniture, wrenched andi shattered, were found next. And, lastly, a memento of melancholy interest turned up, in the shape of a lifo:buoy, with a corked bottle attached to it. These latter objects, with the relies of cabin furniture, were brought on board the Speranzao. On the buoy the name otf the vesosel was painted as ftllows:-" l)toro then, R.Y.S." (meaning Royal Yacht Squndrontt) The bottle, on being uncortked, contained a sebet of noto-paper, on which thie ftllowingc lines were ihur riedly traced in poncil:-"Off0 Cape Sportivento; two days out fromn Messina. Nov. 5th, 4 p m." (bio iOg the ihour at which the log of tie Italian brig showed the storm to have been at its iheighlt). "Botlt our boats are stove ia by the sea. The rudi. der is gone, and we liavra sprung a leak astern which is mnore than we can stop. The Lnrd help us all-we are nov siinking. (Siignedt) Johnt Miiochondon, mate." On reaching Marsals, the cap-t tain of the brig made his report to the British consul, and left tthe objects discovered in that gentliman's charge. Inquiry at Messina showed that the ill fated vessel bad arrived from Naples. At the latter port it was aseortained that the Doirothea had beoon iired from the owner's agent, by anl English gentle. man, Mr. Armadale, of Thorpe-Ambrose, Norfollk. Whether Ir. Armadalo had any friends oa board with him has not beeti clearly discovered. But there is unhappily no doubt that the ill-fatrd' centlemnn himself sailed its the yacht from Naples, and that ihe was also oi board of the vessel when she left Messina. Such is the story of the wreck, as the newspaper tells it in the plainest and fewest words. MIy head is in a whirl; my confusion is so great that I think of fifty different things in trying to think of one. I must wait-a day more or less is of no consequence now-I must wait till I can face my new position without feeling bewildered by it. November 93rd, eight in the morning.-I rose an hour ago, and saw my way clearly to the first step that I must talke under present circumstances. It is of the most utmost importance to me to know what is doing at Thorpe.Ambrose; and it would be the height of rashness, while I am in the dark in this matter, to venture there myself. Thie only other alternative is to write to somebody on the spot for news; and the only person I can write to is Bash wood. I have just finished the letter. It is headed "private and confidential," and signed "Lydia Armdale.'" There is nothing in it to compromise me, if the old fool is mortally offendedt by my treatment of him, and if he spitef'ully shows my letter to other people. But I don't hobelieve he will do this. A man at his age forgives a woman tnything, if the woman only encourages him. I have re quested him, as a personal favour, th, keep our correspondence for the ipresent strictly pri vante. I have hinted that my married life with my deceased husband Ias not been a happy one; and that I feel tile injudicious ness of having married a young mat,. In the postscript I go further still, and venture boldly on those comforting wortIs, "I can ex plain, dearl Mr. Boshwood, what may have seemed hlso and deceitful in my conduct towarlds you, when you givo me a personal opportunity." If he was on the right side of sixty I should fuel doabtfil of results. But he is on the wrong side of sixty, and I believe h?e will give nme my personal olpportunity. Ten o'clock.-I have been looking over the copy of my marriage-certificate, with which I took care to provide myself on the wedding. day, and I have discovered, to my inexpres ?ihle dismay, an obstacle to my appearance in the character of Armadalo's widowv which I now see for tihe first time. The description of Midwinter (under his own name) which the certificate presents, answers in every important particular to what would have beenr the description of Armadale ot T'horpe-Anmbrose, if I hadl really married him. " Name and Suarname"-Allan Artna dale. "Age"-twenty-ono, instead of twenty two, which might easily pass for a mistake. " Condition "-Bachelor. " Rank or Pro fession"--Gentlema. "Residence at the time of Mnrinrgn"-Frnnt's H-Totel, Darley- I stlreet. "F'iather's Namn and Surname"- Allan Armadaln. " Hank or Profession of Father"-Gentleman. Every particular (ex cept theyear's difference in their two ages) I which answers for tlhe one answers for tlhe other. Bit suppose, wlhen I produce my copy of the certificate, that some meddlesomerno lawyer insists on looking at the original register? Midtlwinter's writinCg is as different as possible from tihe writing of his dead friend. The hand in which he les written " Allan Armadale" in the book has not a chance of lossing for tile hand in whicls Armadale of TPhorpo-Ambroso was accustomed to sign his notte. Can I move safely in tihe matter with such 1 apitfil ans I see here, open under my feet? Hlow can I tell? Where can I find an ex perienced person to inform me? I must shut u' my book antl think. Sev?en o'clock.--Mly prospects have changed again since I made my last entry. I have received a warning to bie careful in the fitlure, which I shall not neglect; and I have (I be lieve) succeedtled in providing myself with the advice and assistance of which I stood in need. After vainly trying to think of some better. person to apply to in tihe difficulty which em barrassed me, I made a virtoue of necessity and set forth to surprise Mrs. Oldershaw by a visit from her darling Lydia ! It is almost needless to add that I determined to sound her carefully, and not to let any secret of im portance olt of my own possession. A sour and solemn old maid- servant ad mnitted me into the house. When I asked for her mistress, I' was reminded with the bitterest emphasis, that I had committed the itnpropriety of calling on a Sunday. Mrs. Oldershaw was at Ihome, solely in consequence of being too unwell to go to church ! The servant thought it very unlikely that shel would see me. I tholughlt it higlhly probable, on the contrary, that shle would honour me with an interview in her own interests, if I sent in my name as " Miss Gwilt,"-and the event proved that I was right. After being kept waiting some minutes I was shovwn into the drawing-room. There sat mother Jezebel, with the air of a woman resting on the high-ronad to Iheaven, dressed in a slate-color'erl gown, with gray mittens on her hlands, a severely simple cap on her head, and a volume of sermons on her lap. Shite turned up the whites of her eyes de voutly at the sight of me, nntl the first words she said were-t" O, Lydia ! Lydia ! why are you not at clhurch ?" If I Ihad been less anxious, theo sudden pre sentation of Mr's. Oldershaw, in an entirely now character, mighlt hiave amused me. Butt I was in no Ihumnour for laughting, and (my notes-of-hand being all paidt), I was untder no otligation to reotrain my natural freedom of speech. "Stuff andt nonsense!" I said. " Pit your Sunday ttce in your pocket. I have got some news for you since I last wrote from Thorpe-Ambrose." The instant I mentioned Thorpe-Ambrose, the whites of the old hypocrite's eyes showed themselves again, andt sie flatly refilsed to hear a word more from me on the subject of my proceedings in Nortolk. I insisted; but it was quite useless. MIothIer Oldershnaw only shook her head and groaned, and informed me that her connection with tihe pomps and vanities of the world was at an and for over. "I have been born again, Lydia," said the brazen olt wretch, wiping her eyes. " Nothing will induce me to return to the subject of that wicked speculation of yours on the folly of a rich young man." After hearing this I should have loft her on the spot, but for one consideration which delayed me a moment longer. It was easy to see, by this time, that the circumstances (whaltever they might hlave bheen) which had dbliged Mothor Oldtershaw to keep in hiding, on the occasion of my former visit to Londton, had been sufficiently serious to force lher into giving up, or lappear ing to give up her old hlusiness. And it was hardly less plain that she had found it to her advantage-overybody in England finds it to their advantage in some way- to cover the outer sitde of her character carefully with a smooth varnish of cant. This was, however, no business of mine; and I should have made these reflections outside instead of inside the house, it my interests hlnd not been involved in putting the sincerity of Mother Oldeirshaw's reformation to the test-so fiar as it affected her past connection with myself. At the time when she lhadt fitted me out for our en terprise, I remembered signing a certain busi ness-document which gave her a handsome pecuniary interest in my sucdess, if I became Mrs. Armadale of Tl'holmrpe-Ambroese. Thei chance of turning this mischievous morsel of paper to gootd account, in the capacity of a touchstone, was too tempting to be resisted. I asked my devout friend's piermission to say one last word before I left the house. "As you have no further interest in my wicked speculation at Thorpe-Ambrose," I said, "perhaps you will give me back the written paper that I signed when you were not quite such an exemplary person as you are now?" The shameless old hypocrite instantly shut her eyes and shuddered. "Does that mean yes or no ?" I asked. "On moral and religious grounds, Lydia," said Mrs. Oldershaw, "it means no." "On wicked and worldly grounds," I re joined, " I beg to thank you for showing me your hand." There could, indeed, be no doubt now about the object slhe really had in view. She would run no more risks andt lend no more money-she would leave me to win or lose, single-handed. If I lost, she.would not be compromised. If I won, she would produce the p'?per I had signed, and profit by it with out remorse. In my present situation it was mere waste of time tand words to prolong tihe matter by any. useless recrimination on my side. I put the warning uway privately in my memory for future use, and got up to go. At the moment vlwhen I left uty chair thlere was a sharp idouble-knock at the street door. Mrs. Oldershlaw evidently recognised it. She rose in a violent hurry and rang the bell. " I am too unwell to see anybody," she said wheln tile servant appeared. " ait a mo ment, if you please," she added, turFiing sharply on me when the woman had left us to answer the door. It was small, very small, spitefitlness on my part I know--but the satistfaction of thwart ing Mother Jezebel, oven in a trifle, was not to be resisted. " I can't wait," I said; "you reminded me just now that I ought to be at chulrch." Before she could answer I was out of the room. As I put my foot on the first stair the street-door was opened, and a man's voice in quirod whether Mrs. Oldershaw was at home. I instantly recagnizod the voice. Doctor Downward! The doctor repeated the servant's message in a tone which beotrayed unmistakable irrita tion at finding himself admitted no farther than the door. "Your mistress is not well enough to see voisitors? Give her that card," said the doc tor, "andi say I expect her, the next time I call, to be well enough to see me." If his voice had not told me plainly that he was in no friendly moodt towards Mrs. Oldershaw, I dare say I should have let him go without claiming his acqualintance. But us things were, T felt an impulse to speak to hlim or to anybody who had a grudge against Miother Jezebel. There was more of my small spitefulness in this, I suppose. Any way, I slipped downsteirs; and, following the doctor out quietly, overtook him in the 8street. I had recognised his voice, and I recog nised his back as I walked behind him. But wlhen I called him by his name, and when hie turned round with a start and confronted me, I followed Ilis example and started on my side. Thle doctor's face was tranformed into tile faee of a perfect stranger ! His baldness had hidden itself under an artfully grizzled wig. He had allowed his whisklers to grow, and had died them to match his new head of hair. H-ideous circular spectacles bestrode his nose in place of the neat double eye-glass that he used to carry in his hand; and a black neckerchief, surmounted by immense shirt ceollars, appeared as the unworthy successor of the clerical white cravat of former times. Nothing remained of the man I once knew hut tile comfortableo plumpness of his figure, and the confidential courtesy and smnoothness of his manner and voice. "Charmed to see you again," saidi the doctor, lookling about him a little anxiously, and producing his card-case in a very pre-" cipitate manner. " But my dtlear Miss Gwilt, permit me to rectify a slight mistake on your part. Doctor Downward of Pimlico is tlead and bhiuied; andt you will infinitely oblige me if you will neve,', on any consideration, men tion him again!" I took the card he offered me, and dis covered that I was now supposed to be speak ing to "Doctor La Doux, of the Sanatorium, Fairweather Vale, Hampstead !" " You seem to have found it necessary," I said, " to change a great mriny things since I last saw you? Your name, your residence, your personal appearanee-??" "And :my branch of practice," interposed the doctor,. "I have purchlasedtl of the original possessor (a person of feeble enter prise nod no resources) a name, a diploma, and a partially comspletedl sanatorium for the reception of nervous invalids. We are open already to the inspection of a few privileged friendst-come and see us. Are you walking my way? Pray taklte my arm, and tell me to what happy chance I am indebted for-the pleasureo of seeing you again?" I told him the circumstances exactly as they hadt happened, and I addedt (with a view to making sure of his relations with his former ally at Pimlico) that I had been greatly surprised to hear Mrs. Oldtershaw's door shut on such an old friend as himself. Cautious as he was, the doctor's manner of receiving my remark satisfied me at once that my suspicions of an estrangement were well founded. His smile vanished, and he settled his hideous spectacles irritably on the bridge of his nose. "Pardon me if I leave you to draw your own conclusions," he said. "The subject of Mrs. Ollerslawv is, I regret to say, far from agreeable to me under existing circumstances. A business difficulty connected with our late partnership at Pimlico, entirely without inter est for a young and brilliant woman like yourself. Tell me your news! Have you left youtr situation at Thorpe-Ambrose ? Are you residing in London? Is there anything, professional or otherwise, that I can do for you ?" That last question was a more important one than he supposed. Before I answered it, I felt the necessity of parting company with him and of getting a little time to think. "You have kindly asked me, doctor, to pay you a visit," I said. "In your quiet house at IHampsteadt, I may possibly have something to say to you which I can't say in this noisy street. When are you at home at the Sanatorium? Shouldt I find you there later in the day ?" The doctor assured me that he was then on his way boack, and begged that I would namo my own hoer. I sanid " towards the afternoon " and, pleading an engagement, hailed the first omnibus that passed us. "Don't forget the address,"said the doctor, as he handed me in. "I hlave got your card," I nsmeweredl-and so we parted. I returned to the hotel, and went up into. my room, and thought over it very anxiouslye The serious obstacle of the signature on the marriago register still stood in my way as unmanageably as ever. All hopes of getting assistance from Mrs. Oldershaw was at an end. I could only regard her henceforth as an enemy hidden in the dark-the enemy, beyond all doubt now, who had had me followed and watched when I was last in London. To whvat other counsellor could I turn for the advice which my unlucky igno rance of law and business obliged me to seek from some one more experienced than mysellf? Could I go to the lawyer whom I consulted when I was about to ttarry Midwinter in my maiden name? Impossible! 'Tosoy nothing of his cold reception of me when I had last seen him, the advice I wanted this time related (disguise the thets as I might) to the commission of a fraud-a fraudt of the sort that no prosperous lawyer would consent to assist, if he had a character to lose. Was there any other competent person I could think of? 'oThere was one, and only one-the doctor who had died nt Pimlico, and had revived again at Hampstead. I know hlimn to be entirely without scruples; to have the business experience that I wanted myself; 'and to be as cunning, as clevern, and as far-seeing a man as could be found in all London. Beyond this, I tad. made two important discoveries in connection with him tiat morning. In the first place he was on bad terms with Mrs. Oltlershawv, which woutld prevent the two leaguing together aogaist me, if I trusted him. In the second place, cir cumstances still obliged him to keep his identity carefully disguised, which gave me a hold over him in no respect iane'rior to any hold that I might give him over me. In every way he was the right man, the only man, for my purpose; and yet I heositated at going to him-hesitated for a fill hour and more without knowing why It was two o'clock befIore I finally decided on paying thile doctor a visit. Having, after this, occulpied nearly another hour in determin ilg to a hair's breadth how falr I Abould take him into my confidence, I sent for a cab at last, and set off towards three in the after noon for IIampstaed. I found the Sanatorium with some little diflliculty. Fairweather Vale proved to be a new neighbourhood, sititnted below the hIigh ground of llampstead, on the southern side. TIlhe da was overcast and tlo place looked very dreary. We approached it by a new road rulnning between trees, which might once have been the park-avente of a country house. At the onil we camne upon a wilder ness of open ground with hall:finishled villas dotted about, and a hlideons litter of boards, wheolbarrown, and buildinlg materials of all sorts scattered in overy direction. At one corner of.this scene of desolation stood a great overgrown dismnil ihoso, pilastered with drab coloured stucco, and sarrounded by a naked unfinished garden, without a shrub or a flower in it-frightfill to behold. On the open iron gate that led into this enclosure wees a now brass plate, with "Sanator iumc " inscribed on it in great black letters. The bell, whenl tilhe cabman rang it, pealed through the empty house like a knoll; and the pallid withlered old man-servant in black, who answered the dooer, looked as if hie had stepped oult of his grave to perform that service. IHe lot out on me a smell of damp plaster and now varnishi; and hlie let in with toe a chilling draumlght of tihe damp November air. I didn't notice it at the time ; but writing of it now, I reamember that I shivered naI crossed the threosholld. I gave miy nae to the servant as " Mhrs. Armadale," aid was hbovn ioto the waiting room. The very fire itself was dying of dampt in the grate. Thle only books on tile table were the doctor's worka, in noberO' drab covers; and the only objeet that ornamenoted the walls I was the foreign diploma (lindsomnely framed and glazed), of which the doctor hlad pns- I Hteased himself by purchase, along with the foreign inamo. After a moment or two the proprietor of I the Sauntoriuml calme in and held Iup his hands t in cheerful astonishlment at the sight of me. "I1 badn't an iidea who Mrs. Artnadale was!" he said. " My dear lady, lhave you changed yqur name, too? How sly of yout not to tell mo wvhen we mot this morning Come into my private nsmnggery--I can't thilnk of keoeping an old andt dear friend like 1 vou in the ipatient's waiting-rooth. " 'The doctor's privto snuiiggery was at the bhack of the house, looking out on fields and treds, doomed bht not yet destroyed by the builder. Ioterrible olbjects in Ibrass and leather t and glass, twisted alnd tuerned as if they wvere oentient things writhing in agonies of pain, filled up one end of the rioomn. A great book- a case with glass doors extended over the whole - of the ollpposite wall, and exhibited on its i alhelves long rows of glass jalrs, in which shapoless dead creatures of a dull whlite( coloar floated in yellow liquid. Above the firepilace hulng a collection of photographic I i'portraits of men and women, enclosed in two large frames hanging side by side with a space between them. T'hi lelt-hand frame illustrated tile effects of nervous suffer ing as seen inl the filce ; the righlt-hand fiame ( oexhibited the ravages of insanity friom the 5 same point of view; while the space between was occupied by an elegantly-illuminated scroll, bearing inscribed on it the time- I honored motto, "iprevention is better than t cure." " Here I am with my galvanic apparatus t and my preserved specimens, and all the rest of it," said the doctor, placing me in a chair by the fireside. "And there is my system mutely addressing yol just above your head, I under a form of exposition which I venture to describe as frankness itself. This is no madhouse, my dear lady. Let other men treat insanity, if they like-I stoli it! No patients in the house as yet. But we live in an age when nervous derangement (Iparent of insanity) is steadily on the increase; and in due time the sufferers will come. I can wait as Harvey waited, as Jenner waited. And now, do put your feet up on the fender, and tell me about yourself. You are married of course? And what a pretty unme! Accept my best and most hoeartfelt congratulations. You have the two greatest blessings that can fall to a woman's lot; the two capital II's, as I call them-Husbiand and Homte." I interrupted the genial flow of the doctor's congrattlatiotm at the first opportunity. " I atn married; but tile circumstances are by no means of the ordinary kind," I said seriously. " My present position includes nione of the blessings that are suaslly sup posed to fill to a wottman's lot. I.am already in a situation of a very serious difieculty-and before long I may be in a situation of very serious danger as well." The doctor dr'ew his chair a little nearer to me and fell at once into his old professional manner and his old confidential tone. "If you wish to consult me," he said softly, "yots know that I hsve kept some dangerous secrets in mty time, and yo also know that I sposessn two valonuble qualities as an adviser., I am not easily shocked; tnd I can be im plicitly trusted." I hesitated even now, at the eleventh bour, sitting alone with him in his own room. It was so strange to me to be trusting to any body but myself! And yet, how could I helpl trusting another person, in a difficulty which turned on a matter of law ? "Just as yot please, 'yoi know," added the doctor. " I never invite confidences. I merely receive them." There was no help for it; I had come there not to hesitate, but to speak. I risked it, and spoke. "The matter on whichl I wish to consult you," I saidl, "is not (as you seem to thiik) within your experience as a professional man. Bdt I believe you may be of assistance to me, if I trust myself to your larger experience as a man of the world. I warn you, beforehand, that I shall certainly surprise and possibly alarm you before I have done." Withl that prefiice, I entered on mty story, telling him whast I had settled to tell him and no more. I made no secret, at the outset, of my in tention to personate Armadale's widow; and I mentioned without reserve (knowing that the doctor oould go to the office and examine tho will for himnoht') the hlnd:so:m income0 tlat would be settledl on no in til event of my success. Some of the circumstances tholt lollovwed next in succession I thought it de siralilo to alter or conceal. I showed him theo newspaper acosnt of tihe loss of the yacht bht I said nothing abonrt events at Naprlos. I informed him of the exact similririty of the two nanomes; leaving hlim to imagine that it was accidental. I told him as an important element in the matter, that my hursband 22ad kept his realn nameo a profound secret from everybody blt myself; but (to prevent any communiention between themon) 1 carefilly concrealedl from thie doctor what thie assnumed name under which Midwinter lhard lived all Iris lifo really was. I acklnowloedlged that I Iad left mry Ihusbandl behind me on the conti nent; olt when the doctor purt thire question, I allowed himr to conclrderl-I couldin't with 211 my resolrtion toll him positively!-that Midwinter know of tihe contemplated fraud, and that hb was stnying away purposely, so as not to compromise by his presence. This difliculty emootlhed over-or, as I feel it now, this baseness committod-I reverted to my nifell; and came back again to the truth. One after rnother, I mnentioned all the circulm stances connected with my private marriage, anil with the movements of Armadale and Midwintar, which rendered any dliscovery of tie filso personation (through the evidence of other people) a downright imrpossibility. " So mnucl," I said, in conclusion, " for the ob!ject in view. The next thing is to tell you plainly ofa very serious obstacle that stands in omy woy." Tahe doctor, who had listened thus far withont interrrpting mer, begged permission here to say a few words on his side before I went on. The "few words" proved to be all qtes tions-clever, searchling, Rlsuspiciors quesrtions -awhich I was, hIowever, able to answer with little or no reserve, for trey related, in almost ivery instance, to thre cirormrstances under vhich I had been married, and to the chances for and agaiinst my lawfuil husband if he chose ;o assert his claim to me at any futurero time. My replies informed thIe doctor, in thIe first lace, that I had so managed matters at I'horpe- Ambrose as to produce a general im reossion that Armadale intended to marry noe; in the second place, that my husband's arly life hid not been of akind to exhibit im vfiourably in thie eyes of thIe world; in Ie third pielce, that we hadil been married vitlrhourt any witnesses present iwho knew us, It a largo parish churchl in which two other :ouples Ihad beer married the same morning, to ay nothing of the dozens on dozens of other louples (confarsing rll reemmbrance of us in he minds of the ofliciating pIeoplle) wrho had oan miarried since. When I had put the lootor in possession of these facts--and when 20 had firrther ascertained that Midwinter I rd I bad gone abroad among strangers im- I sediately after' learving the ch?lrch; and thlat he men emrnloyed on board the yacht in1 iblich Armrdale had sailed firom Somerset lirr (before my marriage) were now away in Iips voyaging to the other end of the world j -bie confidence in my prospects showved ' tself plainly in his face. "So far as I'can t eo," he said, "your husband's claim to yon r after you have stepped into the place of thebo c lead Mr. Armadalo's widow) would rest on nothing but his bare assertion. And that I hinkl you may safely set at defiance. Ex usa my appllarent distrust of the gentleman. Burt there might be a misunderstanding be sceen you in the filture, andi it is highly lesirasblo to ascertain beforehand exactly ,hat he could or could not do under those uircumstances. And now that we hbnve done vith the main obstacle that I see in the way rf yorr success, let us by all means come to ha obstacle that you see next!" I was willing enough to come to it. The one in which he spoke of MIidwinter, though myself was responsible for it, jarred on me orribly, and roused for the moment some of he old folly of feeling which I fancied I had aid asleeop for ever. I rushed at the chance of changing the subject and mentioned the disorepancy in the register between the hand in whichl Midwinter had signed the name of Allan Armadrle, and the hand in which Armadale of Thn'orpe-Ambrose had been ac oustomned to write his name, with an eager ness vhich it quite diverted the doctor to see. "Is that nil?" he askled, to my infinite asurprise and relief, when I had done. " My dear lady, pray set your mind at ease! If the late MIr. Armadale's lawyer's want a proof of your marriage they won't go to the churoh register for it, I can promise you I " Whatr" I exclaimed in astonishment; " do you mean to say that the entry in the register is not a proof of my marriage?" "It is a proof," said the doctor, "that you have been married to somebody. But it is no proof that you have been'married to Mr. Arrudala of' Thorle-Ambrose. Jrok Nokes or Tom Styles (excuse the homeliness of tIhe illustrartion !) might have got the licence and gone to the horrclh to be married to yeou under Mr. Armadile's name--nnd the register (how could he do otherwise?) must in that case have innoceontly assisted the decepltion. I see I surprise you. My dear madamn, wvhen you opened this interesting brsiness you sur prised me-- may own it now-by laying so muoh stress on dtho curious similarity bertween tie two names. You might have entered on the very daring and romantic enterprise in which you are now engaged, without neces sarily rmairrying your present husband. Any other man would Ihave done just as well, pro vided he was willing to take Mr. Armadule's name for the iurpose.'' I felt my temper going at this. "Any other man would rnot have done just as well;" I rejoined instantly. "B3ut for the similarity of names I should never have thought of tlhe enterprise at all." The doctor admitted that he had spoken too hastily. "That personal view of the sub. ject had, I confess, escaped me," he said. " However, let us get back to the matter in hand. In the course of what I may termra an adventurous medical life, I have been brought more than once into contact with the gentle men of the law, and have had opportunities of observing their proceedings in cases of, let us sayn, domesticjurispruidence. I am qrite sure I am correct in informing you that the proof which will be required by Mr. Armadale's representatives will be the evidence of a wit ness present at the marriage, who can speak to the identity of the.bride anrid bridegroom from his own personal knowledge." " But I have already told you," I said, tchat there was no such person present.'" Precisely," rejoined the doctor. "In that case, what you now want, haters you can safely stir a slIp in the onattCr, is-if you will ileadon me tie exprossiono---a readtly-inade wvitntess, possessed of 'ste moral and plesontol resourcs, who can be trusted to esseume the nocessary character, and to make the neces suiy decllaration before a magistrate. Do ,ou know of any sobi person ?" asked tile doctor, throwing himself back in his chonir, and looking at me with the utmost innocence. " I only know you," I said. The doctor laughled softly. " So like a woman " he remurkod, with the most ex csperating good-lhumour. "The moment she sees her object shite dashes at it headlong the nearest way. O, the sex I the sex " "Never mind the sex," I broke out im patiently. "I want a serious answer-yes or 'lThe doctor rose, and waved his hand with great gravity and dignity all round the room. "You see tbis vast establilshment," he began; "3you can possibly estimate to some extent the immense stake I have in its prosperity nd1 stccess. Your excellent natural sense will tell you tlhat the irincipal of this sana torium must be a man of the most un blemished character- " " Why waste so mtany words," I said, "when one word will do? You mean no !" The lprincipnl of the sanatorium suddenly relapsed into the character of my confidential friend. "My dear lady," h said, "'it isn't yes, and it isn't no, af a moment's notice. Givoe m till to-morrow afternoon. By tbhat time I engage to be ready to do one of two things oither to withdraw myself from this business at once, or to go into it wvith vyou heart andt soul. Do you agree to that ? Very good we may drop the stubject then till to-morrow. Where can I call on you when I have de cided what to do?" There was no objection to my trusting him vith my tadodress at the hotel. I hadl taken :are to present myself there as " MIrs. Arma hale; " and I bad given MIidwinter an Iddress at the neighboriong post-offics to write o;, when ha answeredl my letters. We settled he hour at which the doctor was to call on me; iand, that matter arranged, I rose to go, osisting all offers of refireshment, aind! all roposals to show me over the hlouse. His onooth persistence in keepling Iup appearances ifter we had thoroughly unIderstood each ither, disgusted me. I got awaIy from him is soon as I could, and came back to my liary and my own room. We shtall see how it ends to-morrow. My wn idea is that my confidential friend will ay yes. (lb o Cicontinued.) 