TOWN TALK. The names of the Magistrates appear- Office" f h ls ^ a r '' r Kt " leT olira° SSoUri” E q u i r e ? '* ' Gr“ ‘eJ'’ M d T ’ , ------ test, of a t A m eeting o f th e shareholders o f th e Q turtz Crusbing Company, residing on tbe Southern side of the Island, took place on Tueiday cvcsipfr at Mr Oldfield s Academy, Argylc-streot. Mr Oldfl.Id was voted to the chair. Anio ipst those present were—Messrs W , W. Ite'of Launcppt'n), A.M . Nicol, — Hammoiil, .1 Symone, Uiclimd Sargent, JameB WJiiicotub, and others The meeting lasted from Iwtfspast seven to ten o’clock, an d many subjects bearinjr on the prosper! y o f the company were dheussed. The principal motion that was put and passed was to th e effect that "it is desirable iliac shareholders resident/bn, the Soutberii side slionhl he allowed to v.ite'at nil me.'lings o the company a t Launceston by written proxte«.‘' We have received a prospectus of the long promised Tfismnnian * Ctmrivnii.1 Ir i? intended to be a fortnightly comic periodical, of twelve*, pager,, to b;- -published every alternate Saturday, toco no out on ihe 21s. inst. TJie terms of Bu’isnrip'ion to be three shillings quarterly. Thu specimen frontispiece is exrelently executed, an 1 is worthy o f it’s celebrated nnd facetious London ancestor. • Pii’uli* nnd bis imsty friend ‘Toby.1 T he expectation* of ib<* infnut ‘Punch* o f Ta-nimda me oeMniidy very sanguinp, tor for lie docs noi blush to oliiin a c- nst iuency uf not less than 90.000 in Tasmania alone 1 VVe hope lie may rc.ilise his fondest anticipations, d«- !»res, nnd prognostications 1 Tfifronnian Punch,’ line is*uid h luunorou^’y creditable iumiguMtory a-ldresr, in which he patbeticaliy wous the patrniiiiL'c ofili i cj)lo of this fair Isle i-f the S utli. Yt.ung Mr “ Punch” has, wisely cnoucli, his up n rh - favorite motto of “ Advance T> 6manH.” and we cniimt doubt that all Id* ifforts w ilk he directed to th a t end. Like young Mr Punch’s parent lie will pxrrtoll his powers to ■•drive dull enre away from the human bre-er, and will strife to explode the paradox of blowing misery lo exist noiotg fiowers. TJi* marvellous echievtm nls of our m erry London friend‘Puiiuh be Elder* in advancing tberelJgiou*, moral,'political, eot iil, domes'ie, and material interests of Great B ritm are too patent to require reasoning o p . The row er, of pictorial teaching hns been often recognized, and wo doubt not, th .t which we may cow claim as our own ‘ Pui ch,’ will follow in the wake of his renowned contemporary. Aii we can say is that wo heartily wish the promoters of our comic friend the most abundant success. A Special General meeting of the Shareholders of lie Tasmanian Steam Navi*, gation Company will be hold at the offices of the Compauv. franklin W harf, to-morrow Friday, tbe 13lh inst, at noon, to consider Lhe propriety of increasing the Copital of the Company by issuing additional shores, and to fix th e extent to which the capital of the Company shall be so increased; a; d it will be proposed at the6ui>i meeting to increase the capital by the sum of L20.000. And if it be resolved to increase the capital, a proposal will thereupon be made to authorise ihe directors to purchase from tbe Launceston and Melbourne Steam Navigation Company the steamboats Black Swan and Havilab. O n S atu rd ay ee’n n ig h t, o n e of M r Mothuen’s boats, at Lossiemouth, caught a cod, the stomach of which was found to con* tain about s pound of acid drops. To-night at half-past 7 o’clock, a lecture will be delivered in the Hi.il uf the Mechanic*’ Institute, by Mr J. Allen, the subject of which will be “ A few Ghost Stories.” The Mayor will open his Court this forenoon at 1 1 o’clock. About two months since Mr G ill moved before the Commissioner o f the Court of Requests, in Chambers, for a nvw trial on behtilf of S. G . F elcher (solicitor). It was an action upon an Attorney's bil’, tried in that court before n jury of four. T he verdict passed for the defendant. Mr IV. L. Dobson showed cause again-1 the motion. The learned Commission took time to consider. Two or three days ngo the learned commissionerintimated that he was unable, from the nature of tile additional evidence souulit to be ad. duced, to grant a new t rial. The application was consequently refused. T h e lieatjnnr nf rvloA/se. ~ c ------ a* in WS etty is r< nw kahjy disregarded On the cold nays of winter, fem-.lt. worshippers are necessitated to sit in tlu ir victories* nnd muffs, and the male worshippers have to muffle themselves up *e though they were on the outside of a French “ o.jyence” irnveJIine m m id-w intei. Why is th is? Is fuel too expensive to be purchasable? U nhsa the ecclesiastical authoriiies properly heat our churches, it is a grave question whether the state o f the sacred edifice* is not calculate i to do more harm to tbe bodies of the bearers than good o their souls. A serious casualty occurred to ' a youth named Samuel F an s, aged 13 years son of William Pari*, siik dyer of M c q W ie ’ street, between 9 and 10 o’clock yesterday m orning. The circumstance* as f a r e s rail be gleaned are those, young Paris was sent by his father iD a cart, drawn bv one horce to ihe Gasworks, fo ra load of coke. Oa arriving th ere and stopping, tbe boy threw the reiDsover the back ol the horsi, which had been new ly clipped. The sudden feeline of the rem e on the horse’* back so startled him t i l etarted off immediately, throwing nut the iHd, and over turning the c a rt The poor boy fell with great violence to the ground cutting his head, nearly severing off one of uiseare, and otherwise injuring him. The sufferer was at once conveyed to the General Hospital. 