THE OPENING OP PARLIA MENT. The first session of tbe fifth Parliament of Victoria wns, yesterday, formally inaugurated, with nil the usual pomp and ceremony, and a little more than the accustomed liveliness of such formal occasions. In the Legislative As- sembly, tbe first to arrive was Mr. Birulon, whose resplendent kids were in marked contrast to the lengthened gaze of melancholy recognition which he cast around the House, of the improve ments upon which the learned member ior Castlemaine, like Mrs. Cratcbit with her Christmas pudding, has evidently grsve doubts. The second distinguished visitor was Dr. Embiing, who complacently took a seat in tlie Opposition corner, right opposite tbe Speaker's chair, not Dint' tbe member for Collingwood might be said to belong to tbe OppcBitlon, but that lie was as distant from the Ministerial benches as he dcceutly could. Onentoriug the Council-chamber, (li: Govern ment reporters were grandly vlsiblo in their recently-erected box of state, fronting tho seats of their humbler brethren of Die dally press. At this stage of tho parliamentary performance there was but little excitement shown ; hut few per sons, and only two ladles, were present in tlie galleries, and for aught auybody could say, it might lmre been tbe preliminary mustering for a funeral or a marriage, so hushed and painfully respectable were tbe subdued murmurs and gentle whispers of who was to oppuse Sir l'rancis Murphy or supplant Lalor. The hon. Mr. Turnbull and the lion. Mr. Fraser wero now mooters of the position, but were shortly jciaed by tlio hon. Mr. Murphy, who proceeded to ex pound an ominous paper which he held in his iiand to the hon. Mr. Eraser. Presently the clerk of the Council appeared, and then were ushered in the Chief Justice and Sir Redmond Barry ; tbo Council present, who now included the hon. Messrs. Jcnnor and Lowe, being emu lous of the genuflexions of tho goatlcmrn in nuiLiiigf tiiiu «na gitai iu wune luvesj ovTJlu ui stato, and silver buckles. The proclama tion by Sir Charles Darling was then distinctly read, and before tho clerk . had finished, the ban. Mr. Pettctl had taken his place. Tlio other ancients now began to arrive, nnd it was soon evident the hon. Mr. Miller had assumed the Ministerial responsibilities formerly undertaken by Captain Cole. The members of tlio Assembly now crowded In, M'Cullocb, Grant, and Francis conspicuous in the van. Among tlie curious groupings might ho reinaiked In elose juxtaposition tha tall M'Kean nnd Richardson tho small in stature, something like three feet of intervening space between their respective heads. Still retaining his seat, Sir William Stawell announced that Die Governor, for sundry and sufllciont reasons, would not be present, that they (tbe Commissioners) were authorised to appear, and that tbe Clerk would rend the proclamation, which he accordingly did, while tlioir Honours, the Ilouourablcs, and the members of the Commons House in the back ground, all respectfully stood up. " Witness our trusty and well-beloved," etc., being finished, it was announced that his Excellency would declare the reasons for calling Parliament together, next day, at 2 o'clock. In the Assembly there appeared a tolerable muster on both sides of tbe House, although, of course, tbe Minis terialists were largely In the ascendant. Tbe front OpposlUon bench was tenanted by four ex-Mluietei, sud tbe Ministerial back bench by four new men. There was considerably moro animation hero, tbo galleries being well filled, nnd n generally well-to-do Blr of " doing reinniknWy well" was everywhere conspicuous. Sir Redmond Batry having bowed bis acknow ledgments, the Clerk of tbe Assembly said a profound ditto to the clerical Burke of tho Council ; and the tedious process of sweoring-in now commenced In earnest — although earnest ness could not by any means be predicated of tbo gentlemen sworn. Block coats were now seen to be most affected by lion, memhers, white trousers glisteued at rare intervals, aud gorgeous waistcoats were decidedly at a discount, while Mr. Bindon's gloves wore quite unique. The first batch nf four now nilvancd to Iho table, took the oath (this time imlilfi Ornheus Kerr's, without n Inmn nf mitsr in it) and signed the mu6tcr roll. How curiously members sign 1 Some bending lowly to the table, o'.hers staudlng almost erect, a few hurriedly, most deliberately, as If making out a cheque for a largo omuuut, and one or two looking far ahead right Into next week or tho sixth Vic torian Parliament. J ust before tbe members for Ararat and the Avoca bod kissed the book, Ire land camo upon the stcge as plucklly as ever, quite at home upon theso legislative boards, aud ns self-preserved and ns jolly as in days of yore. Ballaarat East and West then ndvanced to tbe swearing post, and wero duly followed by tho member for Belfast and M'Caw and Another (tho associated members for Host Bourko). Twcre loug to tell and something sad to trace the career of the various batches, but suffice it to slate, tbo swearing-in was accomplished by five minutes to one of the Parliamentary clock with out any accident of consequence, notwithstand ing tlio remBrkdble absenco of Hie wary Attorney- General, and of Messrs. I'cnrsou, Orr, and Foott, who were quits abroad. It was refreshing to witness Mr. J. T. Smith cordially shaking bauds with Ills confreres at tho tablu, ulibough the guffiws from the other side were rather puzzling, if not annoying. In fact, j Die Opposition were remurkably jubilant, talka- i tire, and confident, nnd seemed quite uncon- scious of heing in a minority. Embiing here- put on his hat, as in preparation for the storm evi dently browing nnd nbout to burst upon Sir Francis Murphy. It was evident that members on tbe Ministciial side were, at tbls stage, ill nt ease, and not sufficiently at home to freely resort to the iced water oa tha table; but tlio royal way in which the lion of tbe Assembly extended his paw to the diminutive of Earl Geelong was, nt least, reassuring. Long eights and short sixes were again exemplified In the case of M'Kean and Bewman, the former of whom seemed to fraternise for tbo day with physical pigmies. B. C. Aspinall beamingly chose n bran now quill to record Ills turning over a bran new loaf in a new Parliament. Mncgrtgor and Francis cordially embraced, and Bunny led up Snowball, whoso attire was perfectly black, not an atom of shirt cdlar being visible from tho gallery. The Commissioner having duly retired, Captain M tie M ah on proposed nn adjournment of the House, to which Mr. M'Cullocii demurred, as a quite unusual course. Air. Bindon hers rose, and ia a " ueat and appropriate " and extremely modest speech proposed that tbe ban. member for North Gronville " do take the choir." The Immaculate digger from tlie Oralis (witness the Attorney-General's latest speech at Brighton) seconded tho mutioD iu sepulchral tones. It ia fortunate there will Etill be an examplar left In tbe shape of a model ghost to tbe Hamlet of Brooke when ho comes out. " Alost fit and proper," "revolution," aud "revolutionary," wo could catch with great straining at intervals. Clearly Sir Francis was the political nonpareil, and the House must willy- nilly have been. Mr. M'Baln, howovcr, as an Independent member, proposed Mr. Snodgrass, deeming Sir 1'. a partisan and so on, all amidst tbe clieers of the Opposition. Mr. MncMabon briefly seconded Die nomination of the member for 8oul.li Glpps Land. Sir Francis here got upon Ids logs and defended his action before the country, maintaining be had always been put In by party. He waxed indignant and rejoiced he had an opportunity of defending himself. Ho did not profess to know tbo statutory law, but to administer that of the Parliament. Air. Snotlgrass blamed the late Speaker for the dead-lock which had occurred, and regretted the recall of Sir Charles Darling, who was the real sufferer. Sullivan ostentatiously replied, nnd tlio gallant member for West Melbourne re turned to the charge, and aptly compared Sir Francis to the prodigal returning to his father, the Chief Secretary, and to the former's being modo at least a hired servant, or even clothed in ihe gorgeous robe of the Speaker. A dense mist here overspread the House, the ladles retired from the gallery ; and the improvement of tbe ventilation seemed, to say tlie least of it, doubt ful. Sir Frauds here put on IiIb hat with ss much insouciance as possible, clearly divining be would catch it at the hands of members now tlmt they lmd him minu9 his rod of authority. Mr. 1'rozer here gave it particularly strong to the Inte Speaker, and some ban. members continued In the same stroiD. Indeed, he received a severo wigging, and it seemed at this stage as if all the members had made up tbclr minds to speak. Mr. Gillies lugged ia the vicar of Bray again, and administered n rebuke to a young member whs wished to reply, but ultimately subsided, as gently as a sucking dove. Mr. Levey wished to know the reason why Government supported Sir I'rancls, why numbers, not arguments, should gain him his place, and drew forth an admiseri- cordiam appeal from the latter to the House. Mr. M'Cullocii defended the Speaker, and Aleasrs. Bunny and Ireland judiciously replied. At length the debate was over, and the clcik declared the " Ayes" in the majority. A division being called for — 52 were for Sir Francis, and 18 against. Being led to the chair by his proposer nnd seconder, Iho Speaker boxed his acknowledgments, declared lie would forget all tho unpleasant reminiscences of tho day, and treat them all in tho future as good boys. Air. M'Cullocli's congratulations, and Air. Ireland's promises ef good behaviour for his sldo of tho house, brought tbe proceedings to within (en minutes of 4 o'clock, when the House ndjourncd till next day at 2 o'clock; the Speaker, and as many members as chose, to ho received by His Excellency at 1 o'clock. It 19 pretty evident from to-day's transactions that what Horace Walpolo a century and a quarter ago would have called tho " Broad-bottom" element will not bo wanting to tbe Legislative Assembly. 