COUNl'RY NEWS. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. MATTHEW'S CHURCH, BRIGHTON. [ - (From a Correspondent.) Wodnosdav the 17th October may well bo marked with rod chalk in tho diary of passing ovcnts in tho Brighton district, as having witnessed ono of the most gratifying reunions and interesting ceromonics that have over taken placo in it. For some wcoks previously it was known that the foundation stone of the new Roman Catholic Church, which is now in the course of erection, would bo laid by the Most Rev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart Town. Very much interest was felt on tho occasion by all classes of the community, and great prepara- tions were mado by the Roman Catholics for con- ducting the ceremony with proper relût. From an early nour of the 17th instant tho rosidonts of all the surrounding districts continued to arrivo in tho township by all modes of conveyance, somo in tho dashing carriage, some in' nont dog- carts and gigs,-somo ladies gracefully mounted on horseback,while others availed thomsolvcs of vehicles of an humble stylo, or made «so of tho common mode of travelling, which indulgent nature has kindly givon to all. The Very Rev. W. J. Dunne, Vicar-Gonoral, arrived at au curly hour to superintend tho prepara- tions necessary for the immediate performance of tho ceremony, and for laying out, with duo taste, tho clogant lunch which was being provided on the oc- casion. About li o'clock tho Most Rev. Dr. Murphy, with clergymen from Hobart Town, arrived, and ni 12 o'clock, the hour at which the'eeremony was ad- vertised to commence, a considerable number of people from Hobart Town, Richmond, the Old Beach, Broad Marsh, Bridgewater, and Bagdad, occupied the site upon which the now church is to be erected. There were two booths provided, ono for accom- modating tho Bishop and clergymen whilst vest- ing, and the other, of large dimensions, for the guests at lunch. Flags of all nations and colors floated proudly in tho breeze, and shed an air of liveliness and gaiety over the whole scene. Tho childron of both sexes were marshalled in large numbers, and walked in proces- sion before the Bishop and accompanying clergy on their way from the township to the church. In addition to the clergymen, viz. :-The Vory Rov.'tlr: Vicir-Goncral, tho Von. Archdeacon Hunter, Rev. M. Koohan (Oatlands), Rov. E. E. Marum (Jeru- salem), Rov. J. Murphy (Huon), Rev. J. Sheehy (Now Norfolk), Rev. J. Holohan (Port Cygnot), anil Rev. M. Becchnior, thora wore about four hundred persons present on the occasion ; among them wero A. Finlay, Esq., Warden, Dr. Butler, John Butler, Esq., J.P., W. Gunn, Esq., J.P., J. Hayes, Esq., and others. At the hour appointed, tho Bishop, vested in pontilicul robes, procooded, with tho clergy walking two hy two before him, to tho chancol, whero a tem- porary cross was erected, and a small table placed, on which a vase containing wator previously blessed was laid, and immediately commencod the ceremony of blessing the first stono, in the Latin languago, in accordanco with tho Roman ritual. First ho sprinkled with holy water tho placo whero tho cross was fixed, tho clergy in tho mcantimo chanting the nntiphoii, " Signum Salutis," with the psalm " Quinn Dilecta." The psalm being finished, and tho Bishop having recited a prayer, blessed the stone, sprinkled it with tho blessed wator, and signed it through all its parts with tho sign of tho cross, saying, " In tho namo of tho Father, Son, nnd Holy Ghost." Tho litany of the saints was then chanted, tho Bishop and clergy kneeling, and immediately afterwards tho Bishop hid the stone in its propor place, saying: "In tho faith of Jesus Christ wo placo this stone in this foundation in tho namo of tho Father and of tho Son, and of the Holy Ghost,that trno faith may flourish hero and tho fear of God and brothorly love, and that this placo may bo dedicated to prayer and to the invocation and praiso of tho namo of the same Lord, Jesus Christ, who with tho Fnthor and tho Holy Ghost livoth and roignoth God for over and over." Tho builder then fixed tho stono with mortar in its place, and tho Bishop sprinkled it with holy water. Afterwards the Psalm " Miserere" was recited, and tho Bishop walkod round tho foundation throughout, sprinkling it with holy wator, and pausing to say appropriate pmyors, the clergy mean- while chanting the antiphon " O quam matuendus," and Psalm 86, " Fundamenta ejus." After reciting the Hymn " Veni Creator" and offering other prayers proper for tho occasion, tho Bishop addressed the assemblage in oloquont terms, explanatory of the ooremony which had Just boon performed,-of tho object for which tho church was being orectcd, and the advantages and blessings which it would entail on the community at large. Within tho stono in a rccoss mado for the purpose, was placed a bottlo containing newspapers of the day, some silver and copper coins, and a document written in L itin on parchmout, of which tho following is u translation : 41 The Most Rov. Daniol Murphy, Bishop of Hobart Town, laid the first stone of this church, to bo dedi- cated to the One and Triune God, under tho invoca- tion of St. Matthew, Apostle, in the twontv-nrst year of the PontiBeate of the Moit Holy Father Pius IX, Supremo Pontiff, in Um thirtieth year of the reign of Victoria, Queen of England,-Colonel Thomas Gore Browne being Govornor- Gonouil of Tasmania, H. Hunter, Esq., being architect, Mr. John Gillon being builder, and the Very Rev. Vf. J. Dunno, Vicar-General, being pastor of tho district." At tho end of the ceremony a collection in nid of the church funds was mado, and the sum of £ß6 9s.4d., including £20 from tho Bishop, .48 Is. forwarded for the occasion by Mossrs. John and Edward Stanfield, of Fingal, and £3 from Mr. Palmer, of Bagdad, was laid upon the stone. To tho lunch, thon, which was laid out with much taste and elegance in a booth blooming with Howers and evergreens, and which abounded with every- thing pleasing to tho oyo and palatable to tho taste, tho whole nssemblago morrilv proceeded. The chair .was occupied by tho Very Rov.W. J. Dunne, Vicar-Gonoral, Thomas Stanfield, Esq., filling the vice chair. It would be difficult to describe tho number, as well us tho varioty of dishes of fowls, hams, sucking pigs, Sec, undor which the table liter- ally groaned on the occasion. Sufficient to say that tho sight of them was one from which the colobrntod Wobb could learn a. wholesome losson, and which would load to tho'boliof that tho Hon. Edward Abbott's cookory hook was well studied in tho Brighton district, and oven on the Dromodiisy mountain. On tho right of tho chair sat tho Bishop, Dr. Butlor, W. Gunn, Esq., John J. Butler, Esq., and on tho loft A, Finlay, Esq., Warden, Mm. Fitaimons, J. Hayo», Esq., and lady, tho Misses Murphy, Miss Morgan, Mr. Fit/simons, and tho clergy occupying such souts as they could find. After discussing the good things pro vided,thi>CiiAia M « rosn and said that dispensing with tho usual toast of Hor Majesty tho Quoon, and of tho Itoytd Family, ho would propose ono or two toast» only, as thoro woro many poisons anxiously desirous of occu- pying thoir placcB. The toast ho would first pro- poso was that of " tho Most Itov. tho Bishop," whom ha was sure thoy all welcomed to tho district. The BISHOP responded in suitable terms, expres- sive of tho ploasuro ho felt in meeting so many of tho rosidont gentry and peoplo, congratulating them on erecting so bountiful a church, and hoping he would soon ronow their acquaintance at tho nolomn opening of tho church for Divino service ThoOilAiitMiN next proposed, " Prospority to the Brighton District," coupling with it tho magistracy, and naming tho elliot magistrate, Mr. Finlay. I Mr. FIN-LAY, in an oloqucnt speech, roturno'dthanks I I «.i tho part of tho magistracy and district. Tho Chairman then liuving vncatod tho chair, Tho Bisiior said thoy should not dopart without proposing another tonst. His Lordship'thbn proposed tho health of tho Very liev. Dr. Dunno, to whoso zoatho said tho oroctionor thoohuroh is to ho attributed, and whom thoy should thank for tho magnificent feast of which thov had partaken. Tho Very Rev. Dr. DUNNE acknowledged tho toast, stating that tho erection of a church was a great want thoro, to supply which was only an ordinary duty, and that ho was much encouraged hy the people of tho district, who woro till subscrib- ing very liberally, and sending thoir teams to cart all tho materials required for tho building, and by tho sympathy which was shown on that occasion by tho gentry present ; and as to tho banquet, that it was tho peoplo of tho district to whom thanks woro duo for it ; for it was given hy thom, and given with a hearty genorosity whioh was most croditablo to them. . ' Mr, TUTTON, Richmond, »sid ho would twk per mission to propose one toast more. Ho saw many bright eyes around him from Itiohmond and other places, and thought thoy could not gracefully terminate thoir joyful proceedings without proposing " the health of the ladios." This toast having been responded to hy Mr. E. Kenny, way was made for another batch of anxious visitors, who succeeded each other, hatch hy batch, until nil had partakan of the good things provided for them. Tho children were regalod with abundanco of euko and other swoot things, and great was the havoc which they caused upon thom. Tho church is situated in a most commanding posi- tion, overlooking the township. Tho plan comprises a navo 60 feot by 22 feet, having an apsidal termina- tion at tho cost end. Sacristy 14 foot by 12 foot, and porch 9 foot by 7 feot. Tho west end of tho navo has a triplet lancet window with cusped hoads, und tho gable is surmounted hy a handsomo belfry. Tho sido windows of the navo aro simple lancets with cusped heads, in each bay between buttresses. Tho oblique sides of the apse aro filled with two light windows, tho hoads being filled with goomotrical tracory ; .tho extreme end is blank, and affords space over tho altar for a fino painting or altar piece. Tho roofs aro to bo all open to the ridgo, Unod with pino, tho whole stained and varnished. Tho chnncel will bo divided from the navo by a handsomo cedar com- munion rail of suitable design. Tho cost will bo about £800, and Horny Hunter, Esq., Hobart Town, is the architect. WESLEYAN SABBATH SCHOOL, BOTHWELL. (From a correspondent.) The tenth anniversary of the Bothwell Wesleyan Sabbath-school -was celebrated on Sunday and Mon- day, October 14th and 15th. On Sunday two most excellent sermons woro preached by Mr. Jus. Smith, of Hobarton, tho chapel being crowded on each occasion, suitable hymns and pieces boing sung hy tho children. In the afternoon of the sarao day the usual examination wits held, and tho annual rewards, according to the number of lessons, were given to each scholar, the attendance of parents and friends being very numerous, nnd great interest was mani- fested. On Monday tho children assemblod to tea at 4 o'clock, and afterwards tho usual tea meeting was held, when about 140 frionds took tea together, tho table boing most bountifully supplied with overy good thing that could possibly bo desired. Tho following Indies kindly provided tho trays and presided :-Mrs. North, Mrs. Barton, Mrs. Biggs, Mrs. Wiso, Mrs. Smith, Mrs. James Taylor, Mrs. Barnett, Miss North, and Miss Lemon. Aftor ampio justice had been dono to tho good things of tho toa tnblo, Tho annual mooting was hold, presided over by tho bon. Capt. Langdon, M.L.C. After singing and prayer by Mr. Jamos Smith, Tho lion. CHAIHMAN called on tho Secretary to read the report, from which it appeared that tho number on tho book at present was 79, boing a decrease of 32 since last report ;-average attendance, 60 ; toachors engaged in tho work, 11 ; library issues during the year, 1008. The roport of tho Black Marsh (Branch school), wits rend by Mr. B. Smith, showing tho number on the books 23. The roport further stated that efforts to establish senior bible classos would shortly bo made, as soon as tho purposed alterations to the building wero finished. Addresses woro givon by tho Rev. It. COOK, Mr. James SMITH, Mr. DAVIS, and Mr. G. W. IFE, in advjeacy of tho Sabbath school. Tho mooting was enlivened by some recitations by tho scholars, and singing under tho ablo direction of Mr. Biggs. After a vote of thanks to tho ladies, moved by Mr. BLUNHSTOXE, who expressed tho great pleasure ho had in boing present,-and duly seconded by Mr. B. SMITH, votes of thnnks wera also moved to tho hon. Chairman, Mr. James Stnith,^nnd Mr. Biggs. . The truly interesting proooodings woro brought to a closo shortly before 10 o'clock, ovory ono boing highly pleased with tho services, which wore tho best over hold nt Bjthwoll. ANNUAL SHOW AT CAMPBELL TOWN. (From the Launceston, Times, 18th October.) , The twenty- eighth annual show in connection with tho Midland Agricultural Association took place in tho yards of tho Rainbow Hotel (Englobort's) on Wediiosdny. Tho weather was fine, and tho visitors, though not numerous, numbered mnnv influential gentlemen, among whom wo may mention Messrs. R. Q. Ker- mode," M.L.C. ; F. M. Innos, M.L.C., W. L. Dobson, M.H.A. (for tho district) ; J. Swim, M.H.A. ; G. Gibson, M.H.A. ; J. Morodith, M.H.A. ; T. B. Clarke, P. T. Smith, C. Headlam, und H. B. Nickolls. 'Among tho Draught Stallions, Mr. Kormodo's " Tynpsido" was much admired ; ho has much im- proved since last year, and is in considerably bettor condition. Mr. A. J. Homo's " Young Major," a two-year-old, is also a splendid animal ; he was in fino condition, and was deservedly awarded a prizo. The trial of the huntors took placo at about' ono o'clock. Tho leups were four foot sue inches, Mr. Clarko's " Star of Tasmania" took thom three times in bo.uitifnl style. " Quorn Buck"-reported ii splondid jumper-baulked soveral times, but clcarod the hurdle splendidly oneo or twice. _ , ' Tho Cattle section was not well filled. Prizes woro, obtained by Mr. Trethewiu for Dovon bull, cow, and heifer, and most justly so. Fine-woolled sheep wero tolerably well represented. Thiro was only one pen of fat sheep. Tue following gentlemen acted as judges :-Home», cattle, »wine, fat »keep, dairy produce, and implement* : Moisrs. It. M. Ayro, Georgo Robotham, nnd John Po .veil. Fine-woolled sheep : Messrs, It. J. Arohor, J. Moredith, and G. F. ThirkoU. Tho following is tho prizo list : HOUSES. Class 1-Best draught stallion, of threo hut not ovor ton years of ago, .68.-Mr. R. Q. Kermode. Class 2-Best draught maro, £5.-Mr. Kermode. An oshibit by Mr. Ti othcwicboinghighly commended. Clais 3-Bust draught ontiro colt, of 13 months and not over three years, £5.-Mr. A. J. Horno. Class 4-Bost draught filly, of 13 months and not ovor 3 ycart!, £4.-Mr. G. Gibson, prizo. Mossrs. J. Stewart and Kermode highly commended. Class 7-Best draught entire colt, not moro than lu months old, £3.-Mr. Thirkell. Clasj-8 Best draught filly, ditto, £2.-Mr. Kor.node prize. Mr. 'G. Gibson highly coinmon dod. Class 9-Boat hunter up to 11 stono, £3.-Mr. T. B. Clarke's " Star of Tasmania." , EXTllA. Mr. Clarke's " Cothorstono " was awarded the judgo's certificate. OATTl.E. Class 1-Best hull, not under two nor oxecoding oight yoars old, £0.-Mr. Trethowio. Class 2-Best cow of any ago and brocd ¿64.--Mr. Trethowio. Class 4-Best heifer of any breed,'under two yoars old, £2-Mr. Trethowio. 81IEE1'. Class 1-Best three fino-woollod rams, older than hoggetts, nnd not oxcooding six-teeth, £5.-Mr. Kermode. Throe next host in this class, £3.-Mr. James Gibson prizo. Mr. Kormodo commonded. Cla.ss 2-Boat tlireo finc-woollod owes, of any ngn ubovo two-tcoth, £4.-Mr. Jumos Gibson. Thrco next host in this class, £2.-¡Mr. T. Parra moro, jim., pii/e. Mr. P. T. Smith highly com momled. Clnss 3-Bost throo fino-woolled rams, not exceed- ing two-tooth, £3.-Mr. James Gibson. Throo noxt host in this class, £2.-Mr. D. Taylor, prizo. Mr. J. Stewart cammoiidod. Class 4-Best throo fine-woollod owos.not oxecoding two-tcoth, £2.-Mr. J. Gibson. Throo noxt best in this class, £l.-Mr. Arthur Loake, prizo. Mossrs. J. Gibson and D. Taylor commonded. Class 5-Best thrco rams, not oxcoeding six teeth, £3.-Mr. Thos. Gibson. Class G-Bost throo owes of any breed.-Mr. Thomas Gitaon. Another pon oxhibitodby tho sumo gentleman, highly commonded. Class 7-Bost tin cb wethers of any .hrcod.'-Mr. Thomas Gibson. SOCIETY'S SPECIAL P11I7.F.B. Best finc-woollod rum, £5.-Mr. David Taylor, prize. Mr. Kermode, highly commended ; and Messrs. J. Gibson and D. Taylor commondod. Best linn-woolled owo, £2.-Mjr. .Tainos Gibson, prize. Mossi*. D. Taylor, and J. Gibson, highly commonded ; and Mr. Gibson, also commondod. SWINE. Class 2-Best sow, a silver modal valued at .C2. Mr. James Westbrook. MU. KEUMODE'S 1'ltlZH. Best fresh butter, £2.-Mr. Jntnos Gibson. IMPLEMENTS. This class was represented only hy two ploughs mudo by Mr. Jumes, of Green Ponds, to whom a prizo was awarded. THE SALE. Mr. W, T. Boll (of Boll & Westbrook, Launceston) held a salo after tho show, hut no spirit was mani- fested, and but little was sold. Bool'realised a-high price Three bullocks not half fattened brought £25 each. THE DINNER Took placo at twonty-minutes past -4 o'clock in Englobort's now Assembly Room. About sixty gnntlnmon sat down to a magnificent spread. R. Q. Kermode, Esq., occupied tho chair ; while Charles Headlam, Esq., tilled tho vico. RESCUE FIIOM DIIOWNINO.-A lad namod John I Jones, abont six years of ago, son of a laboring man living in Elkabnth-utroot, accidentally fell into tho river from tho Now Norfolk stcamor landing stago yesterday morning, and narrowly oscapod drowning. Cuptuin Wilmot Luttrell who hnpponed to bo on hoard tho Mario Louise keteh, lying nour tho stago, hoaring tho alarm hastened to tho spot, and Booing tho lad sinking instantly jumped into tho stream, hore about six fathoms deep, and hold up tho boy until ho was taken out of tho li vor by Dillon and Godfrey, watermen, who were also hastening to tho lad's asslstanoo. Tho youth was quito insonsiblo whontakon into tho boat, but shortly afterwards recovered from tho effects of his temporary sub merstvE, 