PBOVESSTOKAI. SPARRING.—Another little goene between Messrs Martfey and C«sev oc curred yesterday at the District Police Court These gentlemen are seldom arrayed against each other, that a little amusement is not created in the court by their wrangling, until both of them more or less lose their tempera. Yesterday Mr Casey was counsel for the defence in a case in which several foreigners wen concerned, and on examining one of these men through an interpreter, put certain con- •tractions MfUHlOM on Oil the U1B words HUIUBUSW, used, which wmivu were wcio o'o- vw iected toby Martley. Mr Casey lost his J^SencTand insisting that these -interruptions' [by Mr Martley should be put a stop to, spoke for some time on the manner in which. Mr Martley ounducted his cases. Mr Martley endeavored at fiat to laugh off Mr Casey's temper, but at last, losing his own, he said that this was but renewing tbe old quarrel An opinion of the Melbourne bar had been expressed on the language Mr Casey, a young man and a junior member, had used to him (Mr Martley), so much his senior, and it was considered that Mr Casey's conduct was highly reprehensible. Mr Casey replied he should insist on his rights in spite of the opinion of the Melbourne or any other bar.—Batdigo Adtertuar. The following, from the London Times has some interest for Australian jgristle.-Sir.-^ colonists whose SSd?Tih. enS^sd .rethinking ya} may ' e deem n t iit rworthy e 1 of y . publication unsolicited at *xrasaon of opinion on-the 'bsllof by a man the B0 yean of age, who formerly lived in Wor. cester, but afterwards went to America, and iwaa employed in a state prison ^ at New York and is now a book keeper at one of the urge Srms in that city. Tour«bedieotaervaot P.P. Worcester SOth June..Jfew Yo& 13th June, 1865—1 believe my old friend^tr P.. is an *dvocateforthebaUi>t; I w s6;till; 1 had been in the conhfay-some thnej and bad seen its operation. . Extend the franchise H much >s you please but let -edncation precede that, and- never introduce the fcsllot, onUss you wish to destroy the ifoeHeb wiaracter for voting may sometimes injure * person ^pecu. niarily bat secret voting far worse, white_it is «o protection against bribery. I'tauB for [ have seen It pnetissa scores of-emes. I biara am Seen w» men's u™ • votes '""rse" bought for sn Amencan inb .their hand,_ how ttey ^ere A. to Wto, TS? ^and S •* 11Blr ha»e no idea of the tnckery ttiat is prartisert in filling op the ballots. I ^^^f 0 1 1 1 1^ an inwector of «lectioba.at different times, and therefore have hadprrttv goodopportanity of watching the workingif tbe system TOy-toulyTlJ- L." ' T« Loss o» GoWJr^Inaie leftta„d«>r aer of that oircumnaTigating ironder, Frith's , - . ,„ * B th - e ™ b i" fc aJ^^jjW. pent with empty 1^ pock^,' atanding : in petnied imbecility, and jfedy w^* »moreeful utonishment at the reodt of bis^ptttulatiops^ be is warns, studs, JOM »*toh, chkio, *ani sveijthing metallic t he h»s falle n among Qiitoyes, and gaining an expenmout»l jnaighl into the, little gama of thimbU-rig, has ^i^Vi-tai s„ „r»wf« ;ii„A_t_ ^•reuUofthe ^ ^M^atea DM-.w-mwhjAjoWjMj.!». lort, lort to Bne «dindual while uis gajued by anbthew —Exi&axge.; _ Ms GJUDSTONe^ THE LIGHT- WINES.— lilt Ifollowing fiRUfW will show the progrses made in the c ; 'nsnmprt6n of light wines-since the alteration of the dirty bv MrVQladstane. For the seven months, ended July 31,,t h ere was duty paid nn wines imported from France in the undennentioned years, namely— 1868\. . 1864. - 1865. 1,142,364 gala. 1,360.464 gals. 1.494,148 gals. While the average for the whole twelve months In the yean 1857-0 wsa only 630,101 gals. There is alto a large increase in Hungarian and Other light wines. THIS IS HOBBXBLC.—The ,Sheffield Inde peajenf asyg :—«lt appears in 1857 there irere 1850 boys employed in grinding : and as to the ages of such children, we observe that it is common for children to enter opon one of the deadly occupations known, namely fork-grinding—aa young a* nine ; most begin it at or before the ege of ten ; some as yonng >s eight, or oven seven:' '1 found' says Mr White, 'a child six years old in a wheel, where be has worked for some months at other dry grinding for his father.' A' fan' has been inrtodaced into some of the workshops. U is true, said a witness, that the fan when used, takes away much of the bad effects of the work, butit is only partially in use, and the men have to work longer hours. Tbe regular trade hours avwheels are from seven to seven, or from eig^tto eight, and the men cannot work longer,as the engine* Papalinb, what is more, taking care to illuminate most, only run tor thal'TTme. But the men work very irregularly,'some not more then three days in the week. The fans are u°*d in some, but only in a few places. No doubt Parliament will, next session, remedy this ineuuuikiAKiw frightful state of utiun. things, wuv why u is lb it ucvaiwrv neoessary for^ie Legislsture Jintefere,f The answe.r to the question, if honest, would be a humiliating one to the natiofe.—Liverpool Pott THE MATKIMONIAITKEASUHT.—A society has been established at Wiesbaden under the name of the "Matrimonial Treasury." The founder is Herr Christian Kramer audits object is statrd to be to enable married people to acquire a competency by the exercise of intel igeuce and Industry. Each member is entitled on his T marriage to a certain share of the capital of the hcldhfwh society, one half of which together with the amount of his own subscriptions, is paid down and tbe other half remains to bis credit in the books ofthesociety. Thereareseveral honorary members, who subscribe to the funds of the society only with the object of increasing its meanB A&TBUUS; WABD TAEJ.NO THE CENSUS.—The sences taker in our . town bein taken sick he H deppertised me to go oat for him one day, and um'baht as be was too ill to giv me informashun how to perceed, I was cansekently compelled to go it blind. Sittin down by tbe road side I drawed up the follerin list ofqoestions which I proposed to ax tbe peple I visited :—Wat's your age ? Whur was you born 1 Air you marrid, and if so how do you like it ) ' How many children s bav you, and j3o they resemble yon or yonr h nabersl Did you.ever hav the measels, and if p T so how manvl Hav you a twin brother aeveral l years older than yourself! How mioy paren's ; ss liavyout Do you read Watt's Hims reglert Do you use boughten tobacker f Wat's your fitin watef Air you trubled with biles ? How does your meresham culler! State whether you •ir blind, deaf, idiotic, or got the heaves ! D»J you know any opry singers, and if so how much do they owe you I Wat's the average of virtoo on the Ety Canfcwl? If4 barrils of emptlus pored onto a barn floor will krver it how many' plase can Dion fioucacnult write in a year ! Is: R W beans a regler article of diet in your family ! How many chikins hav you, on foot and in the shell! Air you aware that Iujianny whiskey is P used in in New York shootin gal rye instid of t pistils, and that it shoots farthest 1 Was you ever affftagry fata ! Was you ever iu the penitintiaiy! State how much pork, impending crysis, Dutch cheese, poplar suvrinty, standard poetry, children*strainers, s'ave code, catnip, ted flannel, ancient histry, piukied tomaters, old junk, perfoomery, coal ile, 1 berty, hoop skirtj ike., yon hav on hand! But it didn't work.' I sot into a row at the fust bouse I stopt to, with some old maids. Disbelievin the ensers they gi? >o regard to their ag«s I endevered to o|>eu their mouths and look at their teeth, same as they do with bosses, but they fioo iuto a; vilent rage and tackled me with brooms and rich. nch. TaJrin the. sences requires expariouse,, like any other bizniss. THE FBEKDMAlf'S SONQ.—Of cours no negro] gathering could take place without rpseches lerhoa and hyma. The fierce-minded " Herald " only 1 ra^irt^ftie former bnt the " New York Time/' gives JI8» sample o^ tbe latter as well. TWJ or three stanzas will soSce;— ' We'e nearer to de Lard Deu the white fokes, and dey knows It; See de-glory gati unbarred,- Walk in, darkess, past de -guard, Bet yer a idulS^ he won't dose it Walk in, daifeeai, boo de gate _ Hark derkulleeed angels holler ! Go 'way white ft^es, you're to late, We's de winnin kuller.. Wait Ull de trumpet blows to foller. - Halleloojah! tanks to praise,^ Long ennff we've bome our crosses, . Sow we's de sooperior race, ! 'We're And goin wid -GonaJmighty's to Hebben afore grace de bosses. A LONDON SATURDAY NIGHT. —It was one ofthoee streets in'which itinerant vendors of vegetables, fried fish, periwinkles, and other neccessaries of the poor man's life, have constituted to themsdves the right of establishing their stalls in a I»ng line on the edge of the footway,-with a distinct intention of rivalling their competitors in the shops, at whose very doors they jiave planted their barrows, and underselling them as far as it is possible - in so cheap a oeigb!>orhood. There seems to be however,- customers enough for both. On Saturday night the chops on either vide ol the way, and the two line* of stalls facing the hops, have both of them ipenlgr of-customers whole, Jhe most custom. JEheir owners make so much noise,'are so coiiBdent in the goodueas of their own warea, ^tp eo in^K»tunatc mththe pasaers-by, have such an icsinu iting of or thmstiag.* mwmtjpg a. handful Hand-till «£ ol onions, or & a ®bdusewivS, 1 1 t h a4hat t it is almost impossible impSTto ^^^f S.'z^', bundle of tnrnipa It is a curious, bewildering seems ;jLnd the. flare of the. candles, screened with pspet;. whioh belong to the itinerants, and of-tiie gas jets, with po screens at all, which blase and roar in the open shops, make the place as-light-as it is. in the (November] tsTlighVnot to eay a good deal lighter. Meantime, the costermongers roar to you as you IMWa,' the' bncthers in -front ' at their houses chQdren siid the walchful ey^ 'contrbntes his dismal note -to swell the v.senoal - op-roar.-" DjdcaC*,All the tear Ilaand.' • -Wbere' did Katxdeon .stand wheU:he landed at'St Helena f —On his feet . , It demands a giant's sirength to subdue the wesknesa of love, iSome people always have their tnouthS Apen anditheir mmda^hut. i Ih all ypur dealings with your fellows, sell UOt your oonsclence with yoqr goods. { Men who .-are not concealed under habits, but «re revealed . by them*; thejy srs their clothes. . a a. RAILWAY uaiun^I ADTEMTUBE.—At -TAW the mi Taunton *»uuiuu Police Court^on Wednesday, a case was heard itr^which a -fearful railway- «dveatoce us brought to light, involving a narrow^scape "o the night mail train on the Baiiway. William Stevens, engines, was charged with - wilfully causing damage to a railway engine to the extent of more than £100, and the brief facts are these. Tbe Chard and Tannton Railway is in course of construction, and is so far completed that! engines can run over the rails. The duty of defendant was to clean an engine called the' Busy Bee -every evening after tbe work of the day, and at half-past three on the following morning to light the fire so that steam could be eot up up by six o'clock, and the labors of another day commenced. On no account whatever was. he to meddle with the machinery or attempt to move the train, the driver laying on' the fire and filling the boiler with a sufficient 1 quantity of water. The cleaner, however took' a singular freak into hia head, and determined to have a midnight ride if possible. Accord-' i idy, about midnight of the day named in the warrant he lit the fire of the engine, got up the •team, and started the engine, he being the only passenger. Up and d >wn the line, he tore for.tno mortal hours, and nut exactly knowing how to.oompress the steam It blew off in all directions, shrieking fearful!?, and alarming the inhabitants lying near the line of railway. The TOtcbm^n on one of the bridges was sorely affrighted on seeing an engine tearing madly •ilong, backwards and forwards, with a solitary white face upon it, and he came to the conclusion in, the darkness of tbe night, that either a ghost, or the Evil One himself, had obtained the mastery over it. In one of his excursions he was about to enter the main line of the Bristol and Exeter Railway, but he for- ; tunately heard tbe noise of the approach of a night mail from I/indon. A minute or two i , , ., — ------— — - " iif e more horrifying still. At length, tired of 1 his ride, he took the Busy Bee hack to the station, and lay down by the side of it to "Wait the arrival of the driver. At half-past four the driver reached the scene, bot when about 100 yards from it the engine blew op with a fearful explosion, tbe eleaner having neglected to put more water into the boiler., he most remarkable part of tb» story remains owever, to be told The cleaner though; lose to the engine was uninjured, owin° to ying down. He certainly was frightened, "tbe river asserting that when he cam* op to him is hair stood on *Dd " like quills upon the retful porcupine." For this foolish freak he as sentenced to a month's imprisonment with ard labor. Hollowar's Ointment and Pills.—Healing not armful-—No application has met with the name niversal approbation for curing all external'ailents aa that which this Unguent hu reeierei: 'kin sorei. deep ulcers, fetid discharges, burns, 1 listered surfaces, and many ahnilar affections, are a once soothed and pnt on the road to soundness y Hollowjvy's Ointment With the Ointment and he Pills the wealthy ay save themselvp^ much uffering^ and tbe poor "may he'p themselves to ealth, since these medicaments are reasonable in rice and can be purchased in every hamlet. hey have effected cures of stiff joints, swelled egs, and ulcerated limbs, and opened ont the propect of a happy future after every hope ot renvary bad been given up. 