MARRIAGE OF THE PRINCESS HELENA. ON the afternoon of July 5th, the marriage of the Princess Helena Augusta Victoria, third daughter of her Majesty, with his Royal Highness Prince Christian of SchlesnwigHolsein Sonderbourg Augstenburg, was celebrated in the chapel within Windsor Castle. 'The wedding was a private one, and, consequently, much of the ceremonial which attends State marriages was dispensed with; but, apart from the position of the personages most im mediately interested, the presence of the Queen, of the King and Queen of the Belgians, of ilie Prince and Princess of Wales, the Duke of Edinburgh, and other members of the royal family, of the am bassadors of foreign powers, the hends ot tthe retiring and the' incoming .Governments, and soime of- the most distinguished members of the aristocracy, rendered it a ceremony of public interest and public importance. The Queen, in person, gave away the bride, res ponding to the inquiry made by the Primate with. a gesture full of .dignity and determination. The whole of the service w'as peHibrmed by the Arch bish ep of Canterbury. The responses of both . the bride and bridegroom were made in a firm and au dible voice. The bridegroom spoke with a decidedly foreign accent, and in the long declaration which accompanies the plighting of the troth appeared to have some little difficulty in completely following the archbishop, and in enunciating all the words which he was called upon to pronounce; but there was no doubt about the " I will" with which he answered the question whether he would have the Princess to be his wedded wife. The assent of the bride was almost equally decidedly pronounced ; and it in the longer passage W-hich precedes the troth-plight her voice sometimes wavered, it never ceased to be audi ble, -nd, though low and gentle, was generally clear and distinct. The ceremony over, the bride was warmly em braced by her Majesty and the Prince of Wales; and, leaning upon the arm of her husband, her Roaivl Highness was then conducted to the White Drawing-room, the, royal procession accompanyir.g and attending them, and in presence of the digni t:uics of the church, the registry of the marriage was attested in tdue form. As the procession quitted the chapel, Spohr's march front his oratorio of the Fall of Babylon " was performed. - Luncheon was served privately to the members of the Royal Family in the Oak-room. The visitors were enter tained at a Li ffet in the great W\aterloo-gallery( the favourite apartment for holding State banquets given by the Sovereign. At a quarter to 3 o'clock the royal gpuests desiring to return to London were con veed ti, town by special train. At a quarter past 4 'celock their Royal [lighnesses Prince and Princess Christian of Schlcswig-l1olstein left by special train ,or Southianpton, in route for Os~horne, receiving at their departure fresh proof of the affectionate interest filt in their happiness by her Majesty. The Queen wore a black r'oire antique dress, in terwoven with silver and trimmed with black crale and a row of diamonds round the body. She also wore a coronet of. edianaonds-attached to- a long white crape lisse veil, a diamond necklace and cross, anntld a brooch composed of a large sapphire set in diamnonds. And over all the Ribbon and Star of the Order of the Garter and the Victoria and Albert consplicuously shoie. IHer Royal Highness Princess Helena was attired in a bridal dress of rich white satin, with deep flounces of Iloniton guipure, the train of extia length, trimmed with bouquets of orange blossom and myrtle: the design of the lace being of roses, ivy, and myrtle. IHer wreath was. composed of orange blossoms and- myrtle, and the bridal veil, a square, was of the choicest Iloniton lace, to match the dress. Her 1Rnyal Highness also wore a neck'ace, earrings, and brooch, with .the Order of Victoria and Albert. The Princess of Wales wore a dress of blue tulle over blue silky richly trimmed with Irish lace, ribbons, and lilies of the valley. ller head-dress was a tiara of dia monds nrid veil; ornaments, pearls and.diamonds; She, to,, wore the Victoria and Albert order, and the Order of Catherine of -Russia. ller royal hus band was in the uniform of a colonel of Ilussars, and wore the Insignia of the Garter. The Princess Louise wore a white glare petticoat covered with tulle illusion trimmed with Brussels point lace under a body, and pointed tunic of blue. satin trimmed with point lace and blue and frosted siver orna ments. Coiffire. a wreath of blush roses and silver, tulle veil. The dress of the Princess Beatrice con-. sisted of a blue satin dress trimmed wvith, point lace and blue frosted silver ornaments. Coiffure, a wreath of blush roses and silver, tulle veil. ''he ladies acting as bridesmaids were dressed in a white glace dress covered with plait ings and bouillone of tulle under.a .large., tunio of. silver tulle, -which was looped up on one side with a chatelaine of pink roses, forget-me-notf, and vbhite hbnthcr'l: the body and slirts were also trimmed with branches of pink roses, forget-me-not, nnd heather; coiffure, a wreath of pink roses, forget-nme-nots, and heather, with long tulle veil. ... The Princess Helena's travelling dress consisted of a white glace slip unoer.a dress of fine white Swiss muslln trimitued with Valenciennes lace, bonnet. of while tulle trlinmid with orange blossom, and a large mantle of white China crape lined with white silk and trimmedl with fiancy chenille and sllk fringe and ornament,. The dresses of the guest-s were --for ladies, foll dress without trains; for gentlimen, full dresa with trousers, the lrights of the several orders wearing their respective collars. The following are among thebo wedding presents male to thie Princess Helena: From the Queen: A clastnr necklace of diamonds and opals: a dress mlooch of diamonds and opals: a pair of diamond and opal earrings to match; a very inrge penlant, comnposedr of seven large u?nn some diamnonds, with a ruby in the centre, and 'a large emnerald drop--the diamonds, ruby, and emerald taken cut of Indin jewels presented to her Majesty in 1863: a tiara, neckluce, brooch and earrings com posed of turquoiscs set in dinmonrds: -four diamond hairpins in the form cf flowers (these hnd belonged to her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent.) Frorm Prince Christi?n of Schleswlg-Holsteln: A gold chain bracelet, with a aIrge gold ccntro bearing the initial letters, ' U. B." and a crown in rubles. sapphires, and diamonds-the initials surrounded` with dinmonds, containing the miniature of his Royal IHighness Prince Christian in uniform. From the King and Queen of the Belgians :-A gold chain bracelet with " Souvenir" in turquolses, 'with a turqluolse nd dianmond locket. - From the Prince and Prlincess or Wales:--A handsomo diamond handeau for the bend; a 'very handsome ruby and'diamond ring. ' From thie Crown. Princess of Prussia :-A' ring composed of a largo sapphire set in diamonds: from I'rince Chrlstlmn'e mother, a ring compoecd of a *airge rubyset In diiomonds, which had been brought from :England.by Queen Caroline Matilda or Den mark, sister of. King GeoFge IlI.,; anid .was:left. tot Printce Christian's grandmother, who left. it .to his .nioiher.2 '. - - - :From Princess Mary of Teck :- A crystal leabrt: locket,. ornamented with rubies and diamonds; a.gold ribbon set in rubies and diamonds at the top. .Fromlthe"Comte de Paris and the'Dud de Chartres: -A fan, painted:in. different compirtments and very richly mounted in carved ivory, with the initial- r ," 'whichhad beeni given to the late Duchess of Orleani> (godmother to 'Princess' -Heileia) in her cerbeil de noces. From the bridesm aids--Lady.Margaret Scott, Lady Carbline Gordon Lennox, Lady Laura Phipps, Lady Albertha Hamilton,- Lady Mary"Fitswilliam, Lady Alexandrina Murray, Lady Muriell Campbell, aind Lady Ernestine Edgcumbe.:--a richly coloured enamel Holbein locket, with pink, green, and straw coloured brilliants, a large black-pearl centre, and a large white pearl drop. . . From his Highness Tuniongong, Su-Maharajah of J'obore :-A magnificent enamel and que necklace, 'richly set with precious stones. Presents made to his Royal, Highness Prince Christian from the Queen :--A silver service for the dinner table, comprising a large.centre and two side pieces, the design representing tall clumps of -bull rushes rising.from clear pools of water, on: which" on';which are placed' figures of swans with groups of water lillies and other acquatic'plants; six chased silver table candlesticks; four small ditto; four hand candlesticks. . Presents from the parents of Prince Christian to Prince Christian and Princess Helena:--A richly traced silver oak.tree centrepiece,. surmounted . by a. 'large silver gilt dish for fruit, with a chased vase in the-centre of'the dish to hold flowers; round the base are deer; &c.; two ditto to match; 'two $inaller ditto. -} All hopes entertained for the safety of the Monarch of the Seas, freighted wfrh 639 passengers,- seem at length dispelled by the discovery of one of her life boats, which has been washed'upon the Irish coast, near Kerry, together with a number of dead bodies. The Monarch of the Seas left Liverpool for. Noew York on the 19th of last March, under the command of Captain Kirkaldy, and a crew of sixty men. According to the Custom-house clearance paper, she has 639 cabin and steerage passengers on board. Of these 593 were adults, men and women, and 60 children. The ship was in excellent trim, and had a fine run down Channel, when the pilot:.left her. Since that time noth'irig has been heard of .her.: The boat:picked- up on the coast'of Kerry' is Ibelievedl to be (one belonging to her. It-was found on July 10, .and the bodies washed ashore appear to have come from an emigrant ship. Identity is said tobe utterly impossible,' owing to the state they are in. The pre vailing opinion' among experienced captains in the New York trade is ,that the. Monarch of the Seas foundered among the Icebergs in the Atlantic.. The following letter has been received from the Emperor of Abyssinia by'Dr .eke. It was brought by Mr Martin F'lad, one of tbhemissionaries so long detained in that country,, who- has just 'arrived in England with depatriches for her Majesty's Govern ment. Mr Flnd quitted the emperor's camp at. Zagye, on the south-western edge of Lake Tsana, on tie 20th Aluil last, at whichiplace Mr's Flnd and her three children, Consul Cameron:aud the remain ing capti.es, together with Mr Rassam and his suite, are detained until Mr Flood's return:--" In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost one God, the King of kings, '.'heodoros, may, this reach the Englishman, Charles Theodore lekie. Thou and thy wife, by the'power of God, have reached nmy country. Are you well ? I, God be praised, am well. What time you come, come by Matatmma. As regards the persons who were imprisoned, by the power of God, out of friendship to the Queen of England,l' have liberated them, and given them to Mr Hl-ormuz Rassam. May this give you pleasure. Written at Zagye, in the 7358th year .since the creation of the world, ant the 1858th year since the birth of Christ." To this letter is 'afflixed the emperor's-seal, bearing the device of " the Lion of the tribe of Judah," with. the title. " the King of kicings, Theodores of Ethioplia,' in.. Ethiopic and in Arabic characters. 'The, archbishops and' bishopsa, have given- their assent to the estnblishinent.of a new class of minis trants in the Chtlrch of' Englaid. They are to be callhd "Renders," and.will be entitled to perform all the duties hitherto, belonging to the clergy alone in outlying districts of large parishes, mission churches being provided for them. . They are to wear surplices but not stoles, iand are "not toi be designated .. Reverend." They are to be'set apart for 'their office by special 'religious services, but are not to receive the episcopal impositon of hands as at -the ordination of the elergy. 'In the diocese of London rules have been drawn up for their guidance, and have received the approval of the bishop:. A large number of-laymen have already offered themselves' for this new form of church work. At a parade of the troops in.the Dublin garrison on July -238- the.-finddings: of.- the: courts niartial on Colour-scrgeant M'Carthy and private Kelly, on the 53rd Regiment, wero read' in, the presence of the prisoners. It was'annoiiced to l'Cartby .that her Majesty had greciously comrituted the- sentence of death in both cases to penal. servitude. for life. Mi'Carthy was then divested of the stripes indicating his former reagimental rank' and of his Crimean medal, and; with Kelly, conveyed to the military pr'ison to undergo his sentence. There has been also a merciful commutation of sentence in tihe case of private Manning, of the 14th Regiment, yecently convicted at: Kilkenny for liaving in February last, assaulted two artillerymen stationed in the same barracks with him, and cursed the..Queon.. and declared himself a:Fenidi. Hle Was sentenced-.to. lfive years' penal-servitude, but' the putiishment has beein rieduced to'two yet-rs imprisonment.: ' The Echunga, Captain Cooper, arrived in the.River Thames from Otngo, New Zealand, report.s that in latitude 61 S.,.?? longtitide 07 W., she saw about 'ninety large icebergs, which formed a complete hair -ricade across the.ship's way as far as the eye could reach from the mastbead: she-stood to thie N.WV, for two days, then tacked and stood to the ,eastward. and saw no more ice. ' ?[?l lI [l II i fl'P? ? 