ENGLISH AND FOREIGN ITEMS. It is said that Mr. Sutton wine upwards of £60,000 ^y the Derby. Captain Semmes, of the Alabama, Is a candidate for the office of Probate Judge in Mobile. A broker, named John Roes, has absconded from New York with 350;000 dollars. A telegraph 'cabVia about 'to "be laid between the tJnited States arid Cuba. The personally of 'the late Sir Charles Iiock Eastlake has been dwom under £40;000. The Queen !bas written an autograph letter to the King of Prussia in the interests of peace. Mrs. Davis ahd her daughter haVe Visited and stayed with the ex-President at Fortress Monroe. Captain Coles has selected Messrs. Jiaird'onrof six firms suggested to him for building his new Cupola ship. Both branch^ of'the Tennessee legislature have oassed a bill, disfranchising all engaged In the rebellion. It has been derided to dispose of the English Joint-Stock Bank and its .branches, together or sep- 'arately, if possible. It is understood that !Lord Wodehouse, the lord- Lieutenant of Ireland, will shortly be rauedtotho rank and dignity of an 3Sarl. A telegram from Prague announoea that all portable "church property, as well as the VBlaublea of the ex- 'Emperor Ferdinand, have been sent'to Vienna. Notwithstanding the vastly increaseS feralitation fciven by the Post-office, the expenditure has fallen from 81 percent, in XB56 to 66 per cent, in 1865. Mr. Malet, it is said, has been recalled fromVienna, the impending war having rendered it impossible to proceed for the present, with the proposed commercial treaty. The Austrian's patrol so'close to the frontier that •one of their 'parte the Other 'day unwittingly got •upon Italian territory, but retired from it when informed of the'fact ty some peasant's. An American has invented a useful Hind-fastener, •which, he says, was revealed to him through a 'spiritual medium by thB ghost of his uncle, a worthy 'mecbanio some time deceased. The London sweep's have now formed a society, and resolved to fix the standard remuneration of '25s. : B-week, under which no member is to be allowed to work. The Principal and--Professors 'of the University of Edinburgh have agreed to petition Parliament for two 'seats to the Scottish Universities, instead of one as •proposed by Government. The Postmaster-General states 'that ereiy year there are upwards of 12,000 letters posted without any address, and of these, 298 contain cash, notes, bills, and cheques, to the amount in-all, of £3,700. The total toatiotmldebt Of the United States was 'officially announced to 'be on Mky 1st fi,827,000,000 •dollars. There were 76,000,000 dollars in gold and •66,000,000 dollarain currency in the Treasury. An application fcr a hew trial has tieen inade in file First Division of the the Cdurt of Sessions, Edinburgh In the case of "Xitingworfh 'Or YelVerton v the Proprietors of 'the Saturday Betiieto," on the ground that 'die verdict'in the previous action was agaiuBt both law and evidence. The Saxon people are hnryibg their money in the earth through dread of the plundering by their friends and enetnies that will begin if their countiy becomes a battle-ground between the Prussians and the Austrians. Young men of good 'fatniiies, Especially in Lombardy, continually join the Italian army as private volunteers. The Duchess Vieconti brought her three .sons to ask for service. If they could not be received "in the regular army, they would join the "Garibaldians. The Queen, on'the Occasion of her visit 'to Xoncldh, presented to Mr. Samuel Popplestone the Albert -Medal for his meritorious services in saving life from •a wreck off the IS tart l 3 oint on the 23rd of Maroh. This is the first occasion oil which tier Majesty has 'conferred this honorable distinction. It is stated that the fortune *f Mists Fletcher tlte ^fiancee of 'the Hon: Mr. Cotton, Varies from £23,000 to 47,000, per annum, thus rivalling'that of MiBs Tempest, the late Dowager Marchioness of Londonderry, who derived it frOin the same source, namely, coal. Locusts have done much'daihage to the cotton crop •in Syria. In Egypt the crop will be much smaller this year than that of 1865. In Anatolia and Roumalia there will be ftilly threefold more cotton this -year than hBB ever been grown before, and of a better 'description. The bills of the New Zealand Banking Cdrportftiotr -a small bank established in 1663, were returned 'during the late panic, to the extent of £30,000, by Their London If linkers With the answer, *' Not provided for." ' The nominal capital of the company is £600,000 with £60,000 paid up, and £4,000 reserve. The Admiralty have resolved—in 'Order to test as fully as possible in'tiihe of peace the turret principle, as fitted 'With the revolving Rubles tend wheels on Captain Cole's plans—to fire a steel bolt tft'oneof 'the turrets at ehort range, from the Armstrong i0-inch,'or •300-pounder rifled 12'ton -guns, now on boardtheiron armoured frigate Belleropnoii. Prince HumbertW«B offered the 'dtimmein3 of an Italian corps cTarmee, and declined it. "'If I com' mand a corpB," he is reported to have said, "and am defeated, people will sty this comes of giving important 'commands to. inexperienoed princes. If I am victorious, thy chief rif the staff will get all the credit I prefer commanding a division and doing what I am Tirdered." . . _.. A Miasma ACQUAINT^-CE.—'Through the medium ' 'of the police tre learn .that /a late acquaintance, we 'cannot sav friend, who, though lost 'to sight, to ^memory dear," and who had a partiality for establishing soap-works, buying farms, hogsheads of wine, borrowing buggies, post-dating'cheqnea, and drawing •ion banks where he had no account^ and who has made his name and deeds remembered in Deniliquin, Albury, Wagga Wagga, and at many places on'the -Sydney road^tias %een taken by the police at Forbes, 'where he'was continuing bis mal-practicee. He is re-, manded on a cha^b o^'uBlng'otherpertotiB 1 names too 'freely, and we understand that the attendance of one "of the officials from the Cdmmeitaal \Bank 'will be required to prove the identification of the ginOeaxan, •"end the worthlessnsss of 'the 'cheques 'draWli -and issued'on that bank. If the Cvidenoe suetaiiiB '{he charges, and they are numerous, he will 'be'aetit to XaEs for trial at 'the Circuit Ooturt. -A'feW in Albury 'could tell a'tdte. . THE ixiTE DE. WIIBCKSON.—THIB gentletnhn, 'latoly deceased, was formerly in practice at Yoiiiig, and where he made many'friends. We uotioe that a 'small local subscription has : been raised there for the 'family, : amOlinting to £24. Dr. Wilkinson's widow 'thus adknovdedges 'iti—*' Mrs. Wilkinson desires to: 'return'hersincere thanks forthe'kind aaastance for- "warded "fedm :¥ouDg l^- her late husband's friends, 'which g&ertiiity; is acoepted tn 'deep fratitude to thoBe whO'tttme-forward so oppoftundji JotfEKAIl^M.—fTe titti6e'that last Greek's issue of the Oundogai Ser^UL is to tilbse the careerV>f that -paper, or at AeuA finder tbe present Jiroprietorahip. We beliive'lhe 'paper has bAen in-five or six hands 'during its-short career and the 'last •only had it for -fifteen issues, and then had to collapse. The late jproprietor atttrtbiitft HU bilore to "the %riitahce'of a very large femountof.cliquisin, a great misfortune ^ *®xistinp in and drawbadr to the $rogress of almost 'every little townshipinthecolonies. POIBONOM WuskeoomB.—'6ur reactors Wfl re- *member "that -lately much excitement -was caused in: theBeigtibdfh&aS;'tTifAton, VicKiria i ? by- an-0<i!nrenc^1 •which resulted in the death'of fonr-jiCT«ons tiirdugh® "eating what -were suppoBod'to bemuehrooms-; since: then a number of 'cattle and horses have diedin tbej •tame locality, antl the"bodieB Of these,on examination,' showed eimilar -symptoms of infiammation "to 'that i Ipresented bythelihspherd'a wife and children. THE NIW -KIISCET 8TEAMEB.—Tlie Oumberoona, Walig^yahto-day.with 15 tons of^tcte^br'Corowa, • v 'that place, and tbe remainder for Ajbui^j but it it fearacl that ahoSpill tidl feet fcbore'WahgunyBhthis "trip, and $hat juie goodswiU have tocome on t>y land irom Cordwa. " The rirerliere is atillfery low hut now rising. We fihve had a gofid'ded of rain, but it has htdbut littleefiect upon the river, and there is not a creek runiiih^. • The riverJhas however risen e^iteen iaches "aince Thursday. 