THE WEEK. \- ? ? ? ? . — . .. -b ...,. , ? — : : \ : ' Sympathy- with the Governor' is the cry all \- over the colony. It was first raised when Sir Henry . Barkly was assailed by Mr O'Shanassy and his fol-; lowers. A still more fervent expression of opinion is now necessary. Sir Charles Darling has been cruelly treated. That he has fallen a victim to the machinations of the Glub clique, and through the direct instrumentality' of Mr Ghilders, there is no doubt. But he has, preserved the popular liberties notwithstanding. The. country has taken up the defence of his Excellencv enthusiastically. Bat something more remains to be done. The recogni-' tion should take a substantial shape ; and the suggestion thrown out at the public meeting at the Exhibition Building should be acted upon. We!. believe the Legislative Assembly would be prepared' to vote a handsome- 'gratuity to his Excellency's^ family, and wer hope the. Council would have mdre; sense than do that winch its friends urge it should, in such a case— refuse to pass the Appropriation Act. We fancy the Council had enough of ,the last conflict, and would not willingly court another. However, there is no saying what/the hdn. gentle men would do. The reply of Sir Charles to the deputation from the Melbourne meeting was worthy of the man. Conscious :Ofvhis own integrity, and thoroughly convinced that he pursued, a* 'proper course, he declares his intention of vindicating his character' and administration before a, parliamen- tary committee. He neither courts nor fears'the Colonial Office.' ? He seeks no further employment, and he will solicit no favor. He will go from the colony supported by public opinion, and taking with him the sympathy of the people. Rumor had it that his Excellenoy was going , to slink away by the mail, and; newsmongers asserted on Thurs day that he had actually gone. It is, however, cer tain that he will' take his departure one day next week, probably von Wednesday pi- Thursday. The wprkuig classes around 'Melbourne should be on the alert to make a suitable demonstration. ...It Js' not UBUal to give formal notice ; 'but as his Excellency is about to visit Sydney, there can be nodiffionlty in ascertaining when the steamer Bails. Sir Charles' Darling ought not to be permitted to leave the colony without an adequate expreBsioa' of the eBteem.in which, he is held. There can be no better way of , enlightening the people at home as to the state of feeling here. Miss Darling'was marrie.d on Thursday morning to Captain Tyler; his Excel lency's aide-de-camp. The match has been some : time spoken of , and had it not been for his Excel lency 'b reoall', the wedding would have been cele brated with i becoming eclat. As it was, the cere mony -was 'striatly private. The newly- married cbuple ?? go hom'e with Sir Charles, although it is possible they may return. Captain Tyler holds a commission in the- Artillery Company stationed here, and has merely got leave of absence. A correspondent of the Age made a suggestion which ought, to be acted on. He proposed that a wed ding present should bo purchased by the ladies of the ; colony, and the Leichhardt Com mittee were invited to undertake the task. we suppose iney nave hog uone so. Hia Excellency can issue no more invitations, and it would be extremely unfashionable to show either sympathy or, respebt for any member of his family. And so the poor young lady will leave Vic toria without that marriage present which, under other cironmstauces, obsequious hangers on would have rushed up and down to prooure. And poor Mr Jarrett has at last come to grief. He was thrashed in the Parliament Yard, on Tues day evening, by a person named Thompson, who presided at , a meeting in the Eastern Market; Jar rett, who, it seemB, had been a schoolmaster in Tas mania, thought proper, in a leading article,' to accuse. Thompson of having been the public flagellator at Point Pure. He wrote apparently from his own vnrmniennnnfiH.' nhf. Mint. Tin wnsi wTiinnfi'nl lw Thnmn. eon at anytime previous to Tuesday, bnt he seems to have had a most intimate acquaintance with the scoundrels of the convict settlement. One speaker he charged with having deirauded his creditors, and another with having committed indecent assaults. The charge against Thompson turns out to be false —as false hb many other charges which have been brought by him at various times against innocent persons. That Jarrett wrote the artiolo himself his equivocating manner in the witness box went to show, and a prooious piece of composition it is to conic from the pen of a Presbyterian clergyman. The joke of the thing is thut Jarrett himuolf was at. the time a Uagellator of small boys, and so severe was his punishment of offenders that at one time he was charged with assaulting a boy. So that whon Van Demonian antecedents oomo to bo raked up, it geema that ncitbor'pai'sons nor shoemakers coino out quite clear. Poor Jarrett 1 That Duyleaford letter was a bad beginning, and a worse end is not far off. We fancy the ghostB of the people he has reck lessly maligned will haunt him in his forced retire ment. Fancy the disgust of the superb Mr Mackin non. That his paper should be so dragged through the mire twice in a month must be truly distressing. We suppose Jarrett would confess 'responsibility' as to ' bristling with talsehoods' as readily as he did to the libel upon Thompson. He has made a pretty mess of his. editorial position. Mr George.in gaol, and now a refugee in Tasmania, and Jarrett himself whipped. We hope . the-dir^MS will draw it a little milder in future. It is bringing journalism into discredit with a vengeance. We have no sym-' pathy with Thompson, but he unquestionably suf fered great provocation. Ho has a number of children, and on their account he was desirous of refuting the slander. The Argus did' not insert hia letter ; and although the conscientious Mr Jarrett was aware that a denial had appeared in the' Age, 'his 'charitable instincts did not impel him to make ,the..: amende of his pyin accord. It is a great pity 'that .persons of, Mr ?; ..Thompson's calibre should: be dragged into notoriety through the folly of. those who ought to^know better.; . The despatches relating to the Tariff and Appro priation Bills are at last produced. As predicted, the recall of his Excellency is founded upon the despatch in reply to , the address of the Executive Councillors to her Majesty. Stung to the quick by. the accusation of having committed illegal acts, his Excellency, in the despatch referred to, entered into a lengthy statement of the antecedent poli tical history of the twenty-two.. He Bhowed that several of them were either clireotly opposed to the present Government or had been rejected by their constituents. He pointed out, that; the ' three eminent barristers,' Messrs Fellows, Wood and Ireland, were pecuniarily and professionally in terested in the suits pending against the Grown ; that Mr Newton was a Minister of 'twenty-seven: days' standing; that Mr Bailey was now in the soft goods trade,* and interested also :; and, that setyeral of the twenty-two were at that ;, ;time in the field as candidates opposed' Ho the pre sent Ministry. He referred to Mr Ireland's suggestion that a criminal prosecution would lie against himself and his Ministers for adopting the arrangement which paid the civil servants. He then proceeded to take the'' full responsibility of the whole transaction on Himself, declaring1 that he .would have done on his own responsibility that {which his Ministers had done, if he had been obliged to act on his own authority. And, finally, he wound up by charging the members of the Executive Council signing the ' petition with having ' wilfully suppressed every material fact; and circumstance on which it was well known that his justification of the proceedings they impugn was based.' His Excellency stated what was un doubtedly true, and what, we trust, he will have an opportunity of proving to be true. The reply to this was the reoall of his Excellency. So that he apparently owes his removal to such persons as Mr Bagman Bailey, Mr Thomas Loader, the redoubtable Mr Home, Mr particular h — Newton, and Wxo rest of the very respectable batch. Mr Cardwell expressly recognises . their right . to address her Majesty, complaining of her Majesty's representative. The Colonial Secretary has got himself into trouble, for in one of his despatches he had the downright impudence to ap peal to , the ' honest and intelligent colonists'. against the Government, whom he accused . of having donothat which was 'manifestly unlawful.' Throughout the entiro correspondence, his Excel lency took a manly and independent tone. Having confidence in his advisers, he defended their aots, averring that they had his concurrence, and that he. believed them to be justified in whatthey did. it turns out that the Ministry twice tendered their resignations to his Excellenoy, which ho refused to accept, once in October and again in January, on the receipt of Mr Cardwell's insolent despatch. But the moBt remarkable document of all is a minute, addressed by his Excellency to Mr M'Culi loch, announcing his recall. He states the ground of his recall to bo that ' I occupy a position of personal antagonism towards almost all those whose ante cedents point them out as most likely to bo avail able to me in any ohange of Ministry.' Poor Mr Cardwell seems to have thought it possible that the colony would consent to bo governed by a Ministry formed from such material as Aspinall, Home, Brooke, Ireland, &c.; But, as his Excellenoy points out, had he been actuated by animus against the twenty-two, he might have dismissed no fewer than four of thorn since tho date of their signing tho petition. In two of those case3 language was used by Executivo Councillors, upon public oooasious, against her Majesty's representative for the tinie boing, whioh nothing coiild justify; tko third (Mr J. D. Wood),' ' the bearer of'her Mujesty'a commiH sion as an Executive Councillor, was fined in a police court for an aggravated assault!' and in 'the fourth, the name of a petitioner, Mr Home, waB gazetted as an insolvent debtor ! Appended to the minute are the recognitions which, his. Excel lency has received from time to time for his public services. And it is impossible to read them without a feeling of profound sorrow that he should have been so scandalously treated in Victoria. First is a note from the Duke of New castle's .'prrva^o^sexjretaryi stating that he had placed on record a specification ' of the arduous, important and approved services which you have rendered to the Crown.' The next is from the Duke himself, informing Governor Darling that her Majesty had been pleased to create him a Knight Commander of the Bath, in recognition of his 'long and effective public services.' Then follows an address from the Council and Assembly of Jamaica, dated as far back as 1847, congratulating Mm on Ms promotion to the governorship of St. Lucia. Then from the inabi tants of St.: Lucia, thanking him for his adminis tration of three years and a half , during which time he had' administered the affairs of that dependency. They say that to his 'expe- rience, sound judgment, energy and love of justice,' the salutary change in the position of the eolony is owing. Next we find him at the Cape of jjood Hope receiving complimentary addresses from the Council and Assembly of that colony. Then a string of similar documents emanating from all classes and constituted bodies in Newfoundland. And finally from a large number of the inhabitants of Jamaica, when his Excellency left that colony in 1862\. Such are the antecedents of the man whose disgrace has been, attempted to be procured by a crew of Victorian conspirators of the staple of Messrs Horne, Brooke, Ireland and, Newton. We have before us the last report of the Immi grants' Aid Society. ' The figures are by no means indicative of healthy progress; ; It appears that the pauper population is yearly increasing. In I860, 1628 persons were relieved .--'. in doors,' :inoluding, children ; ; in 1865, after a : large . number had' been -??' transferred -'-to the reformatories, the indoor recipients of ' relief numbered1 4999\. The female inmates are said to be', for the most part, 'deserted wives with large families.' We are informed that oat-door relief has been in creased to a frightful extent. In 1860, the number was 1084; in 1865,16,375! This is far from satisfactory. We notice that the institution' solicits an additional grant from the Legislature. Would it not be well to institute a searching inquiry into the causes of the growth of pauperism ? The other day, two competing schemes for.railway communication with Gipps Land came before the Commissioner of Railways. There would be some novelty in the fact of two sets of projectors coming forward, were it [not that they are both solicitous of Government aid. The one is from Port Albert to Sale, and the other direct from Melbourne to the same place. It appears to us that no such advantage would acorue from the route via Port Albert as would justify the Government in making a grant of land. If a private company nVinnao t« TiTwiArhnim it. nil wfill nml (rood. Wo wish their enterprise all success ; but ' before grants of tlie public domain are made, there must be some substantial grounds for believing that commensurate benefits will acorae to the public. Of the two schemes the direct one is by far the preferable. It is true that it is longer and more costly, but it is axiomatic 'in railway schemes that the wayside traffic should defray a largo portion of the cost. The direct line from Melbourne to Sale passes through country rich in minerals, prolific of timber, and eminently adapted for agriculture. Its wayside traffic would be considerable, for. all along the pro posed route there are already incipient settlements, new gold-fields, and indications of copper and gold. One hundred and thirty miles, and ' Gipps Land is reached ; tho terra incognita is placed within a few hours' ride of Melbourne, as accessible as Ballaurat, as produc tive of way-side traffic as the Echuca lino. What have tho Port Albert people to place in juxtaposi tion ? They admit that the whole country between ' tho Port' and Sale is valueless ; that tho Port will only accommodate vessels drawing nine feet of water ; and that to make tho communication really available, an extension to Wolshpool, twenty miles further, is neoessary. Thus, in order to reach Gipps Land, a perilous sea voyago would be imperative ; then a journey of between sixty and Beventy miles by railway through country destitute of population and of resources. The faot is that Port Albert, vegetating, as it doos, on tho Gipps Land trade, hopes, by the aid of Govornmeut and the landed proprietors round about, to enter into success ful competition with tho Lakes. Open tho. Lukes and thoro will bo no need of commuuicatiou with Sale via Port Albert. Open the Lakes, and the necessity for direct com munication with Melbourne will become more ap parent. It may be that neither of the routes is yet ripe ' for action, but it would be monstrous for the Go vernment to pledge the public credit to the support of a soheme circuitous and incomplete. A railway should live as it goes along—create traffic, and plant population through the facilities of commu nication which $ affords. Eventually the direct route.would accomplish this. In the meantime, the best thing the Government can do is to complete ,, the main Gipps Land-road. It wa3 shown the other day that no fewer than 100 passengers per week go up by coach from Melbourne. Make the road passable, and ;then there would be a fair op portunity of .judging of the relative merits of the route direct from Melbourne and that via Port Albert. I Now that the Ministerial difficulties are over, the \jrater supply scheme will at pnce.be proceeded with. The debentures for the loan were prepared many months ago, and the banks are willing to advance upon them, pending their sale iD the English market. Under this arrangement sufficient funds will be had to go on with thoColiban scheme, which is by far the most important work of the whole. A progress report from the engineer was laid on the table the other evening by- Mr Sullivan. For the Sandhurst and Castlemairie districts all the plans and specifications are prepared. The races for the supply of Sandhurst, Castlemaine and ad jacent places have been tracked out, and the sites : of reservoirs for supplying ? Bendigp decided upon. The Geelong survey has also been made, the reser- ? - voirs marked out, and also the aqueduct tracks. At . Heathcote, Maryborough, and elsewhere, similar ? preliminaries have been gone through. Bacchus v ' Marsh is somewhat behind, because of two com peting schemes. At Ballaarat an estimate has been taken of the cost of increasing three-fold the dapacity- of Lake Leai'month. In a short time the' ' money will be available, and the works will no : doubt progress satisfactorily. .?','? In consequence of an opinion generally expressed ;ip-,the; Assembly the other evening, the Attorney General has promised to re-arrange, at an early pe- ) riod, the districts visited by Crown prosecutors. ?'?: The gentlemen holding the Crown retainers were ' all^ we believe, appointed by Mr Ireland. Four out . \ o!f the six are his proteges and friends, but he assigned them very unequal advantages. Thus, two, Mr C. A. Smy the and Mr Dunne, merely attended circuit courts held in large towns and at long in tervals. Neither of them were probably engaged for more than a month in the year, and for this ser vice they receive the handsome remuneration of £600 per annum. It is not their income the House complains of , but the fact that other gentle men are performing three times the amount of work for the same sum. Whilst Mr Adamson continually resides in Melbourne, and makes an additional £250 by drafting bills, Mr O'Loughlin is traversing the most remote dis triots for eight or nine months of the year, utterly deprived of tho chance of private practice, for tho reason that in inferior court3 attornoys conduct bilcJUL OWli UlVl* uuoiucoa. vtujr uuxo uuci|uui u±£SLXl bution should exist no one but Mr Ireland can toll ; and, therefore, the duties are to be equalised and the circuits frequently changed, in order that all may have opportunities of acquiring a reputation, and rendering themselves independent of Govern ment retainers. The change will havo another beneficial effect. Crown prosecutors and county court judges are apt to become too familiar in tho distriots they visit. Wo hear of judges boing assaulted and of Crown prosecutors manipulating juries. It would be better if both judges and prosecutors were obliged to change their cir cuits 'frequently. The following particulars of a novel foot race are furnished by the Rosstown correspondent of the Hokitika Chronicle : — ' A rather novel and interest ing event, and one that promises to afford talk for the town for some time to come, occurred tho other day. It appears- that for some thno past a great ileal of rivalry has existed between Miss Nowton, barmaid at Jones's Provincial Hotel, and Miss Quin lan, of Ryan's Royal Hotel. Mr Jones, who is, deci- dedly a sporting character, in order to bring mat ters to a climax, backed Miss Newton for £5 to run against ttto other, for fifty yards,- threo heats. The wager was promptly accepted by Miss Quiu lan, and evening saw both ladies on the ground, and eager for the action. Miss Quinlan won tho toss for places, and at a signal from the starter oil they sot in fine style. The first heat was a dead one ; so with the second and third. Howover, as neitkor of tho fair competitors seemed to bo much distressed, and nothing loth to aguin make essay, it was agreed that they should run the saino ilistiuico a. fourth time. In this heat Miss Newton was ovor jjnatched, and aftor pluckily striving to kcop paco with her opponent, had ut last lo succumb, Misu Quiulan winning, by a yard.' 