THE INTERCOLONIAL EXHIBITION. (From the Australasian, October 27.) MACHINERY AND IMPLEMEKTS. The departments of machinery ar.d implements are, perhepB, the most important in this splendid Exhibi tion, for in a country where manual labour is ex ceptionally high-priced, contrivances by which itmay be economised are exceptionally valuable. Neither are_ these departments the least interesting. There is a kind of interest in moving and working apparatus that the most beautiful and curious of altogether inani mate objects cannst boast, and we expect to find the north wing ond the annexe become the favourite resort, at least for male visitors, while the show con tinues, and that much useful information will be acquired lrom observation ot the machinery at work there. In noticing the machines and implements exhibited, it will l e the mest convenient arrangement to begin with the engines which drive the aiaehintry shown in motion. These are two of Clayton and Shuttleworth's portable engines, lodged under sbedij in the mirth quadrangle. One is of sixteen- horse power, and its only task is to work a centrifugal pump, which throws into the air a stream of water taid to be equal to fif teen tons in a minute, which, falling into a basiu in the centre of the quadrangle, is again thrown up by the pump, so lone as the engine is kept in motion. This pumping apparatus is exhibited by Mr. Wright, of Little Bourke-strcet. Only live or six horse power is required t» work the punip, so that the engine has an easy time of it. The other engine is of twenty horse power ; and by means of a driving belt carried through the wall, and driving shafts and drums car ried along the roof of the north wing, it gives motion to the several machines to fee described. The two engines are shown by Jlestre. Wilkie, Welch, and Co. ; and the connexions were fitted by the artificers of the Railway Department and Mr. Wright. Enitiing the north wing, a fine collection of imple ments exhibited by Mr. F. C. Christy, locomotive superintendent of the Victorian Railways, commands attention. First, there is a loom lor weaving lubri cating pads for axle boxes of carriages aud w aggons, both the machine and its product being objects of considerable mter- st. The loom, which is handsome in design and highly finished, was planned anel con Btiucted in the railway shops, Williamstown, and it is in opeiatioi. befc-re the eyes of the visitor making a j kind el plush web, something like BruBsels carpet in texture, of cotton and woollen warp and cotton weft. The lo. m, its product, and the use to which the latter is applied, are all worthy of extended notice, but for that ihey muBt wait. Next in order of the railway exhibitB is a seven-inch self-acting screw cutting lathe, by W hitworth and Co., which was yesterday seen in the act of cutting the spiral upon a male screw. The cutting tool is not held in the hand of the attendant, but applied by the machine itself. A twelve-inch univeisal shaping machine, by the same makers, i6 used for cleaning up castings which are to be used in machinery, and which must be wrought with the utmost pre cision. litis is a beautiful implement. It can operate on either flat or curved surfaces, and indeed no cutting, whatever its shape, comes amiss to it. Beside it is a hydraulic apparatus for testing steam gauge s up to 180 lbs., 130 being the highest pressure allowed on the Government railways. Attached to it ie a gauge with colonial improvements, j being a tell-tale index hand, which records the highest pressure to w hich the boiler has been sub jected, and w hich acts as a check upon drivers. A machine for bending steel rings, by means of a long and strong lever, rather puzzles visitors, as few could tell by its look what the use of it is. The rings so bent retain some elasticity, and being placed round the pistons of lwomotive engines prevent the escape of steam by piesting against the sides «f the cylinder in their tflort to uncoil themselves. An important colonial in provenitnt in those rings, and in their application, is exhibited. Also clack and slide valves, in gun metal ; a patent self-acting lubricator, which cou.es into use when trains are on descending gra dients, ar.d there is no escape of steam to keep the piston-rod moist ; and an ingenious patent injector. A. nail-making machine, exhibited by Mr. Hart, Queen-street, we shall describe when we have seen it in motion. Next to it is a machine, perhaps tlie most curious of ur.y in tl.e Exhibition. It is a lathe, ex hibited by Mr. Williams, for turning axe-handles, on the An.eriean pattern, and everybody knows what unlikely su1 jecis thei-e are for a turning lathe. Still, the thing is done quite simply, and was done yester day to ;he gn at delight of many observers. The pro cisfr is veiy like that by which pictures are copied in I outline, while tine p.jirit describes the lines to be tiansti ried, and a maiking point, connected with the fiist, tollows its every motion at some little distance, and to mu ritis the desired lines. The oddly-shaped axe-hanrl.f aie turned in something like the same v aj . 1 he lathe has two sets of chucks, and between tlie upper set a model handle is fixed. Beneath, a pice of wot d of the proper size is placed, between the m . . i d j air of chut ks, and as the shaped handle revolves, it so acts upon the cutting instruments, in contact with the piece of unformed wood, as to pro duce out of the second an exact copy of the first. Evtn the square part of the handle, which fits into the head of the axe, is thus turned into its proper shape. 1 his is an American machine ; and after see ing it at work it is easy to understand h®w in that country shotmakt re' lasts and wooden dolls are turned in latbts. Mr. Farrell, of Richmond, shows a skin splitting machine, which performed yesterday with great success. The skin is dragged and pressed against a formidable cutting knife, and being kept in its place by a revolving cylinder, the two surfaces are cut apart. We taw a tanned (but still wet) hide so split yesterday, and one half again split, with appa rent ease and success. It seems one advantage of this proctss is that the piece usually shaved off by the currier and lost, is by its means saved for use, in the form of a second sheet of leather from one hide. A knitting machine by Long and Co., Bourke street, and a frame knitting machine by Bowley and Dean, of Latrobe-street, come next in order, and the latter attracted a good deal of notice ; it is a stocking-making machine, improved by the exhibitors on an American model, and in general appearance much more resembles a sewing-machine than an old-fashioned stocking-frame. A stocking was being made by it yesterday, the cotton being drawn lrom six reeis, three containing white and three coloured yam. So far as it goes, the instrument seems to work speedily and well, but it can only make stocking lege, or rather tuVes of cotton, like large lamp wicks. Length enough for two stockings is knitted, and then the web cut in two, and feet made out of the leg material. Water engines next claim our attentien, of which five_ are exhibited, in motion. First there is a disc engine, exhibited by the patentee and manufacturer, Mr. Wordeworth, of Swanston-street. WithaB much Yan Yean fluid as an inch and a half pipe can supply it with, it is said to be of about three-horse power. It was yesterday engaged in driving a printing machine, and seemed to work pleasantly and well, Mr. M'Kay, of Collins-Etrect, exliibits a hydraulic reaction turbine, with patent reflectors ; and a small horizontal engine (three and a half inches cylinder) capable of beingeasily turned into a strain from a water engine. Mr. Hen derson, of Little Collins- street, shows a highly orna mental and evea elegant turbine wheel, which with water supplied through a half-inch pipe will have something like one-horse power. This turbine has three revolving arms, while Mr. M'Kay's has but two. Mt. George Dunn, of Emerald-hill, is the inventor and exhibitor of a rotary water engine, which with a if inch water supply could, he informs us, be of four horse power. It has n reversing motion, and was at work yesterday like tbe others. Of printing machines and presses there is a tolerable collection, and the old wooden engine with which Mr. Fawkner printed the l'atiiot in the early days of Port Phillip settlement, looks like a ghost among them. A more remarkable contrast there could hardly be than between this rude and primitive implement and the clockwork-looking macliines of the present day, wliich almoBt seeui as it they could produce newspapers complete with no other help than the turning of a crank handle. Messrs. Clnrson nnd Massena exhibit a double demy machine by Whorfdale, which was seen in motion yesterday, and much admired. Mr. F. B. Frunklvn show6 presses and other material ill gome variety.' Messrs. E. Purton and Co. aie the owners of an excellent little ntaehir.o by Woods (mi Knglisli maker), by which one li an can print 3600 foolscap sheets in an hour (the work of about six men and six boys with a hand press). The machine is worked with o ptdal. Mr. Calvert also supplies some presses and other materials. But the gem of this collection is Messrs. Sands and M'Dougall's railway ticket-printing machine. It is a really btoutiiul instrument, aud seems to be as good as it its pretty, It prints 10,000 tickets in an hour, numbering them in arithmetical series, and printing numbers on both ends if required. A very pietty spiral crew arrangement gives lateral motion to one inking roller, by wltich meanB the ink is equally and evcnljf spread over the roller which comeB into contact with the type. It is sclf- cicting, both as re gards feeding and flying, and if any irregularity occurs in the supply of unprinted tickets, the machine in vites the attention of the attendant operator by ring ing fi bell. The numbering apparatus is simple and effective. There are four revolving -yjkeels, each of which has the numeral types fr?m 0 to 9 arranged in sue. es sion on its outer rim, and every time a ticket is printed one of these wheels makes a tenth part of its whole revolution, and so prepares a new number for the succeeding card. This machine was much ad mired. An imported machine called 'a devil' is exhibited by Messrs. Tronson and Hill, of Lygon- street. It is used for grinding woollen rags for flock. The rags ate fed to the machine between fluted rollers revolv ing towards each other under strong pressure. Be yond is a 3ft. 6in. wooden cylinder, in which are 10,000 steel pins of about three- quarters of an inch long, by which the rags are caught and torn asunder, tbe cylinder revolving at the rate of 1000 revolutions a minute. A fan, revolving at the rate of 1800 revolu tions a minutes drives off the dust. Very considerable power is required to drive this machine, and it can dispose of four tons of rags a week. A small hand eomb-makiog machine will be noticed at a future tin-.e. Mr. Selle, of Canning-street, Carlton, exhibits a frame for making mould candles, capable of making ninety-six at a time. Mr. Mathc-son has some ex cellent masons' and other tools, among which the mpBt noticeable is a hammer for dressing bluestone, with light faces, like a bunch of chisels. Marsden and Dean show a case of well finished tooU for modellers and ornamental plasterers. John Grayson exhibits a case of tools and knives for gardeners', butchers', saddlers', &c.;, work, which appear to be of excellent quality and finish. Mr. Lugton, of Little Lonsdale-street, has two machines which might very well have been done without, namely, a blow-pipe for inflating meat, and a squirt for injecting melted fat under the skin. It is to be hoped he will be disap pointed in his expectations as to their sale. Mr. Diermiesen exhibits several specimens of cork and indiarubbcr engine-packing. The construction seems very ingenious, and we should not be surprised if this new packing were to prove tighter and more lasting than hemp, and easier on the piston rods than metallic packing. It consists of cork or indiarubber, wire gauze, cotton and grease. We have been informed that it is already extensively in use. Mr. Henson shows a bullet-compressing machine, and a collection of gun-making implements and materials. A very highly fcnUhed threshing-machine, belonging to Messrs. Robinson and Co., attracts attention by the high polish to which its wood and metal have been brought. .O U uiaijLiuc, niuwm nii\ Jiuvtri ILL luf construction. A wooden model of an electromag netic engine and some washing and amalgamating apparatus are also in this department, as well as a useful-looking hand apparatus for sawing timber, ex hibited by the Hon. Mr. Anderson. A machine for dressing New Zealand flax, by Mr. J. Reed, is, we presume, an experiment. On the table in the centre of this w ing are many nrticles not yet noticed ; among others several working models of steam engines, which would no doubt prove highly amusing to the public, and particularly to the young, if the exhibitors could obtain a supply of steam and start them. Some of these little engines are highly meritorious pro ductions. Leaving the machinery wing, in which no doubt there aie many useful objects which we have omitted to notice, we pass to the annexe, and there we again find a fine collection of objects highly important in the industrial arts. Messrs. Danks, of Bourke-street, exhibit a fine glass- case full of their own brass castings, chiefly suitable for gas and water fittings, and apparently extremely well executed. Mr. M'llwraith, of the Melbourne Lead Works, shows samples of lead piping and sheet lead of various thicknesses. Mr. Coop, of Little Collins street, shows a fine collection of lead piping, from, six inches down to the smallest (composition) gas pipe used ; also lead wire. Mr. Fletcher, of Bourke street, has several samples of wirework on show ; and it is highly creditable to colonial skill that in the last three named departments of industry the samples shown are considered by competent judges to be as good as could be made. The stills exhibited are only thiee in number, and all are constructed to receive a charge of about f ftv gallons of wine or wash. The £rst is by Mr. Mitschke,of Adelaide, a very elaborate {.flair, w hich scarcely explained itself, and whieh the owner was not near yesterday to interpret. It has a great many vessels and connexions, and is in what is called by coppersmiths ' dull work.' The next is by Mr. Goby, of Lonsdale-street, in half-polished copper, and has the distilling and refrigerating apparatus in separate compartments. This seems a ur-tful still. The third is by Messrs. M'Kay and Co., Collins-street, is of polished copper, and has two connected departments — the still below, and a recti fying and condensing apparatus above. By this still the spirits can be brought up to any required strength. All three stills we presume to be chiefly intended for vineyard use. The most prominent objects in this part of the Exhibition are the wool presses. Messrs. Fulton and Shaw, and Mmsrs. J. Robinson and Co., show some really splendid ones, towering up into the roof and puzzling uninstructed observers. As strong as wood and iion can make them, and as gay as paint and gilt can make them, they form quite a feature in the annexe, but we do not observe anything novel in their construction, except in the case of one of Messrs. Fulton snd Shaw's, which we shall describe on a future occasion. Mr. Home, of A'Beckett-street, and Messrs. Robinson and Co., exhibit some fine wine presses and grape-mills ; and the first named shows a really formidable looking four horse-power bone-mill. Mr. Lugton, of Lonsdale-Btreet. exhibits several useful articles, among which may be here enumerated a patent sausage- machine, with revolving block of Huou pine, and a lever by which the machine may be imme diately stopped when that is required. Also a road scraping machine of very light draught, its wheels being tw enty-inches. A sawing, planing, boring, and morticing machine, by Briscoe, for the U6e of joiners, iB a compact and elegant machine. In coopers' work there are some very meritorious exhibits, among which some immense oaken wine casks are not the least noteworthy. Churns — English, American, and Victorian, — are exhibited in abundance, but we shall now only mention one. It is a barrel churn, with fixed dashers inside, but Blung diagonally, as if the axle passed from the top of one end to the bottom of tne other. No doubt, this engine wotild agitate the cream entrusted to it in a very violent manner ; it would be violently flung from end to end of the churn at every revolution. There are many other useful and elegant farm imple ments, which we can scarcely hope to describe at length to-day. Ploughs, harrows, reaping, and thresh ing machines, grain crushers, chaff cutters, Sc., are plentifully exhibited. A drill by Roberts an and Co., may be just mentioned. It is for sowing arti ficial grasses upon virgin soil (without cultivation) ; which it accomplishes by a row of tines, which make Ecorcs in the ground, into which the seeds afterwards fall, through tubes. To save trouble to future visi tors, however, we must net omit to explain the nature and use of a very strange looking and bulky object in the annexe, which everybody teems greatly puzzled with. It is an improved silk flour dresser, manufactured and exhibited by Robert Doddington, of Queensberry-street, and though it looks outside like a twenty foot long meat safe of eccentric shape, it is a highly-finished article. In a shed beyond the annexe there is one of Mr. E. Chambers' stone-breaking machines, a very hand some spring dray by Mr. Stewart, of King-street, and a few other articles. Outside there is another of Clayton and Shuttleworth's engines, and a large wind power erected by Messrs. Robinson and Co. Minerals. It was not an unreasonable expectation that in an exhibition, one of the main objects of which was to afford evidence of the natural resources of the Aus tralasian colonies, the department of Mineralogy would be one of the most attractive of all to the stu dent of the future. Unfortunately, the plan of the Exhibition has not permitted the grouping together of all the specimens of rockB, ores, earths, elayB, &c.;, which the various colonies have forwarded to prove theii mineral wealth ; nor have we been able to gather together in one court tbe minerals of our own. colony. The arrangement observed in the first Lon don Exhibition has been followed here, and thus it is nccessary to traverse the great hall, catalogue in hand, to obtain the evidence which the Exhibition offers of the real natural wealth of Australia. That evi dence is of the most satisfactory character as to the future of this great island continent. Some of the colonics of the group possess in themselves resources of the greatest importance to a manufactur ing and self- reliant community ; and what they lack othcib have to offer in abundance. Gold, as we know, is freely dispersed over the eastern colonies. All of the gruup, including New Caledonia, are able to show ores of copper of more or less value ; the rarer metals and minerals are well represented; and if Victoria, South Australia, and West Australia die Able to make but a poor display of coals and shales, their comparative or absolute poverty in this respect ia amply made up by the splendid dis play which New South Wales discloses, and by the evidence Tasmania produces of the extent ana im portance of her deposits of coal. Iron abounds every where, limestone is not scarce, and if building stone is scarce and of indifferent quality iu some memberB of the group, all of them possess clays of the best class, and ot every variety. Glancing round the Exhibition, the eye -? instinctively attracted to the pyramid oi gow in the centre of the great hall. It points at once to I the distinguishing fact, that Victoria is the great gold- I producing colony of the Australian family. Theuuin- J tc-r and productiveness of our nold-liclds have hitherto j prtseiucd attractions to ihu miner which have almost withdrawn his attention from other kindred pursuits, and Uie magnitude of tlie golden pile, as compared with that shown in 1SG2, is a proof that since tile Exhibition in that year the mines have well main tained tlicir productiveness. It informs us that from 1851 till the 30th of June last, not less than 31, 73 1,344 ounces of gold had been raised, equal to a sum of JE126,925,3?G. Large as these ligures are, they are not astonishing when we lincl in the octagon another pyramid of gold, ?which tells us that one mine alone on Iiallarat— the Band of Hope— which only com jDcnccd to give gold some two or three years ago, has up to tlie 0th ultimo yielded gold which was sold for £3S7,138. Not' far from the pyramid is a case of auriferous quartz, exhibited by Messrs. Latham and Watson, of Hustler's Roef, Bendigo, which efferds satisfactory evidence of the productiveness of the reefs &f; the colony, and of what tbey are yet likely to do in supplement of the yields from the alluvial mines. It contains a scries of fine specimens, from the cap downwards so far as the reef has been traced, and cakes of gold obtained from the mine of tlie value of £10,000. There is a particular interest attached to this display, from the circumstance that the theory at one time propounded, that ^nartx reefs were not* likely to be found rich in gold in the deep ground, came upon the quartz miners at Sand hurst at a period of depression. Messrs. Latham and Watson, however, were not discouraged ; they perse vered, and the result of their labours has been fortu nate for the firm, and a very strong encouragement to quartz miners everywhere. A cairn of specimens from the various reefs in the district around Tarnagjulla j a large and magnificent specimen from Shew ring'sReef, St. Amaud (which gave fifty-eight ounces to the ton) ; a splendid case from the Whip Reef, Sandhurst; and a block of a strange black quarti from the Eagle Company, Specimen-hill, Eaglehawk (which gives eight ounces to the ton), supply some evidence of where the gold represented by the pyra mid came from, and that the lodes are still far from being exhausted. St. Arnaud contributes quartz con taining both silver and gold ; and the mining depart ment exhibits a remarkably line sample of silver from the Priburg mine, prepared by Mr. Slasters, assayist, St. Amaud. An ore of lead, containing gold and silver, comes from the Chrysolite-hill, in Uie same locality. The Mining department contributes in a series of cases a collection of all the minerals in the colony, so far as they are knewn. To it is added a choice collcction of foreign minerals, catalogued and indexed. For this collection the public are mainly indebted to Mt. Brough. Smyth, secretary of the Mining department, to ?whom alee we owe the mining and mineral statistics by which they are accompanied. Extremely interest ing now, this collection will be very useful hereafter, furnishing, as it will do, a ready means by which the prospector can ascertain something of the true cha racter of the discoveries which he may make. A private collection, by Mr. Sydney Gibbons, is also valuable, exhibiting every known mineral. Of the antimony found in the colony, and the uses to which it may be applied, we have illustrations in the col lection exhibited by Messrs. Clarke and Co., of the Chemical and Paint Factory, Yarra Bank. They exhibit the ore of antimony as it is found in M'lvor and other districts, the pure regulus to which they reduce it for the market, the white oxide of antimony, the -white paint of commerce now made from it in place of lead, and the red sulphate of antimony, or Vermil lion of the painter. A black paint can also be ob tained from this material ; but it has not as yet been produced here. While speaking of this case, we may also notice the splendid soda crystals it contains, made at the same works. A much later discovery in fViitt colony than that of antimony has been that of the ores of copper. These are found on the Thomson River, and a case of specimens has been contributed by Mr. W. Pearson, on the part of the Gipps Land Copper Company, which should assist in removing from Mr. Selwyn's mind the impression he somewhat hastily formed that there is not a copper mine where they were found. They were taken about a month ago from a loie eighteen feet wide. There are nine or ten varieties — black and red oxides, blue and green carbonates, yellow and grey ores, sulphurets, and native copper. Some of the samples are of geod size, and the display warrants the hope that copper ore, or copper, 'will at no distant day form a considerable portion of the exports of Victoria. A few samples of tin and tin-sand have come down from the Ovens. Ores of iron are exhibited, with some specimens of the smith's work, made of iron from native ores. These, we regret to say, do not illustrate a living indo&try;, no attempt having yet gone beyond experiment to work the numerous and Bch iron ores of the colony. Of Victorian coal, the Exhibition contains no sample worthy of the name. A specimen from a 3 feet 6 inches vein of coal — of the full thickness of tho seam — lies in the Mining De partment ; but, from obvious causes, the Cape Patter eon coal-field is unrepresented here, though small and stray samples have found their way in from out cropping veins in the Cape Otway district, the value of which may hereafter be ascertained. Of fire clays and pottery clays there are numerous samples, and some excellent Chesterfield ware from the pottery of Mr. Guthrie, of Epsom. Pigment clays from the Beechworth district are the only clays of this class we noted in the Exhibition, and though the colours obtained from them by merely wetting them are rather coarse, it is possible that in this small exhibit there is the germ of a future 'native industry.' Of roofing slates we have specimens almost equal in fineness to those of North Wales from Gisbarne, and from the jPenrhyn slate quarries, near Smeatoa. From the latter there are also exhibited a good specimen of tesselated pavement, a well-cut chimney-piece, with brown marble inlaid, Campbell's Creek also con tributes slates of a good and useful class. Of build ing 6tones the Victorian display is small and inferior, llagneeite is exhibited from Strangways. Turning to a less useful, but very interesting feature of the Exhibition we must notice, Dr. Bleasdale'B fine collection of colonial gems (in which specimens of the diamond are included) ; the collection of Mr. Turner, of Beechworth, which embraces a splendid Barklyite (or opaque ruby), some handsome cut cairngorms, a variety of the strange yellow hollow crystals, containing water or oil, which have been found in one or two places only in the drift overlying the granite near Beechworth; and Mr. Denis's, Mr. Berry's, aud Mr. Hedley's collections of Ovens , jaspers ana other interesting stones. Beech worth alone has furnished samples of these peculiar jaspers ; and the whole of the collections from that district deserve attention. Giving the rightof first place among our neighbours to our French friends of New Caledonia, we were gratified to find in their collection Bome excellent, though peculiar, specimens of copper ore, copper in quartz, chrome iron (which may compete with that of New Zealand), hydraulic and other limestones, and building-stones of good quality. There is also here a good specimen of greenstone or jade — not so dark as that of New Zealand, and not so pale as a stone of the same family which has been found en Diamond Creek. New South Wales has made a fine display of her large mineral resources. A trophy of coal has been ex hibited, showing a section of a 12ft. seam, but veins of 30ft. thick are being worked in the neighbouring colony. Beside thiB trophy (in the annexe) are other sections of seams, varying from 4ft. lOin. upwards. The highly bituminous character of the coal is ap parent. We may remark that though this coal now bears a higher character in Californian ports than British coal for steam purposes, and sells for more money, the mines were scarcely known abroad ten years ago. At that period samples of Newcastle coal were shown in Wales by coalmasters there, and as everything in Australia is supposed to have opposite characteristics from the British article, it was white in colour. Black swans in place of white, cherries with the stones outside, animals that hopped, but did not run, it was only in keeping that the coal should be white! Thev know better now in Wales. Njear these trophies are two of kerosene shale, The shale of the WeBtern Hartley Company now turns out 6000 gallons of oil per week ; while the works of the Wol longong Company produce 1600 gallons per week of naptha. There are also exhibits of kerosene shale I from Bwagorang near Picton, and from Liverpool Plains, showing that a very wide-spread deposit exists of this valuable material. Jet coal, not quite so good aB that of Whitby, is brought from Port Macquarie. The copper ores exhibited are very rich. They aro chiefly from the neighbourhood of Bathurst, and from the Cadiangullang Company, There is silver ore from the Moruya mines, where tome rich disco veries have lately been made, the presence of mundic in the stone having previously interfered with the profitable working of the mine. The iron ore (brown hematite) from the Fitzroy mines, is a fine sample ; the presence of otV.tr minerals in the ore acting as a flux, and rcndi'iing limestone unnecessary for that purpose. 1'ig iron, fine castings (including a pretty Royal coat of arms), mid n bell, show the uses to which the produce of iho Fitzroy furnaces may be turned. Viie-cluy, soupptnne, meerschaum, sul 2-huret of antimony, pottery clay, silicate of mag nesium, red iron ore from Brisbane Water, assist in (living interest and variety to this department. Jlining b pen unable to discover tlie locality of Qui tii s 1 aii d in the great hall, we pass on to South Austialin, where we find a very splendid collection of copper ores— as might be expected ftorn a colony where copper mining has been eo long and so prorit ably followed. These are of all kinds, and a purple ore is placed amongst them, which is stated to yield sixty per cent, of copper. There is also a Bample of silver-lead ore, but none of bismuth, which lias lately been found there. Western Australia comes out very strong in copper, some of the samples being really good. There appears to be a fine field for industry in this branch of mining in that remote colony. Iron ore, fiver-lead, pipe-day, jaspers, mudstone, 'gypsum, bitumen (from Nicol Bay), and a small specimen of coal arc also among the exhibits. The Tas m&nian; collection as a whole is varied, though not remarkable. There are gold from l'ingal, topazes from Flinders Island (of which Mr. Crouch, Ilobart Town, shows a handsome case), black sand, serpen tine, light- coloured variegated marbles, and lime stones that take a fine polish. Of coal and shale there aro numerous specimens, but all of them 6mall. There are specimens of the iron ore so abundant in the island, and solitary specimens of copper ore and lead ore from the Biver Leven. Fire-clays are shown in great quantity, and the mill-stones are a unique ex hibit. The New Zealand compartments are still so incomplete that we shall defer a notice of their mineral contents till another occasion. Wc Bhall only add once more, that the collection — taking the colonies together— affords a variety which is highly satisfactory, and which must powerfully affect in the future the prosperity of the Australian group. 