SANDmUST STOcS 3 Tin r. - Messrs. i Ryan, Hammond, & Co., report on June 6, as follows:-" We have to report almost a famine in our stock market, scarcely any offering ; all the sales for the last month not over 300 each week, when the usual sales used to be from 1,500 to 2000. Last week's sales were not over 200, many of the purchasers being obliged to get their beef from Melbourne, where prices are much more reasonable; there about 30s. to 32s. for prime, here for good 40s. to 45s. We sold some dead beef last Thursday at 33s. to 43s.; last Monday prices were much higher. Fat wethers are up fully Is. 6d. per head, and are likely to go farther. ANOTHER SCENE IN COURT.-The pro ceedings in the District Court yesterday were enlivened by a scene in which Messrs. Martley and Helm (barristers), the police magistrate, and, in a small way, the clerk, took part. One barrister wished to put a question to which the other objected. The questioner persisted, the objector loudly repeated his objection, the other more loudly returned to the charge, both ad dressing the bench at the same time in a load voice. The clerk was found fault with for saying something to the magis trate, who, taking offence, joined the row, talking louder than any of them.-Beudigo Independent, Wednesday. TaE CHINESE.-During the hearing of a civil case at the Town-hall Police Court yesterday some revolting particulars were elicited relative to the immoral habits of the Chinese, even in the very centre of the township. A Chinese shanty-keeper residing in Bridge-street summoned a woman for board and lodging. The de fence set up by her attorney (1Mr. Motte ram) was that his client was a prostitute, and resided in the house with other women for improper purposes. A European woman was called as a witness for the plaintiff, who deposed that she lived with him, al though not his wife. A verdict was ulti mately given for the amount claimed. Would it not be well if strict inquiries were instituted before granting beer licenses to such dens of vice ?-Bendigo Independent. The Kyneton Obserrer says :-News ar rived in this town yesterday to the effect that a farmer named Thomas Turpir, living at the Green Hill, committed suielde on the previous day, by blowing out his brains. It seems that he had been formerly confined as a lunatic in the Yarra Bend Asylum, having attempted to cut his throat. He was lately discharged as a recovered patient, but the result proves the incompleteness of that recovery. His wife having missed him for a longer time than usual, made a diligent search, and at length discovered the body in an empty hut, some distance from the house. A large portion of the skull was completely blown away, and the brains were scattered about the hut. The discharged gun was lying on the floor alongside the body, and the general circumstances leave little doubt of his having killed himself. The M3issouri Senate has passed a bill making habitual intemperance for a year sufficient cause for a divorce. In Chicago 50 divorces were granted to wives in the year 1865 on the ground of the drunk. enness of their husbands. CurmES GA?nLIS Oc Sn?.:.tar We have been informed that on Sundays any visitorto the Chinese encampment may see the Chinese gambling houses open, and filled with hundreds of the infatuated gamesters crowding round the tables. The keepers andfrequenters of those hells have been repeatedly prosecuted by the police, but it appears there is con siderable difficulty ih making a seizuro as they adopt such a system of keeping scouts, who never fail to detect any of the blues, no matter how in visible they may endeavor to make themselves. Bendigo Advertiser. STaTr OP A Poirmort or TI CoUnoTaY.-The Wandering Reporter of the Herald in a private note dated Barraba, 18th ultimo. states: "The country is in so miserable a state that I have been three days getting thus far. Since leaving the Rocky River my unfortunate horse has not had a bit to eat beyond a few mouthfulls he has been able to gather on the road. About all the stations and stopping places everything is perfectly bare, and no hay or corn to be had; so that to keep life in my poor animal I have been obliged to camp for two or three hours a day whenever I came to any place on the ranges where was any-not feed, for that there is not-hut the slightest suspicion of there being the ghost of a blade of dried up grass. This is the first place I have reached where hay is obtainable, and Iam stopping to-day to get my horses a tucker, as 1 am told there are the same prospects of starva tion for him at Bingera. The whole country is an immense waste; cattle so poor that they can hardly crawl, and looking as bad as if they had .gone through a severe winter. Should any bad weather set in you will bear of deaths by thousands. I am told also that pleuro pneumonia has again made its appearance in many places, both in this-the Liverpool Plains--and the New England district. All the rivers and creeks are dry for a great portion of their length, and what little water there is, every here and there is not drinkable, being almost putrid from the large amount of decomposed vegetable matter it holds in solution from the chickweed that covers it. Children, and even grown people, are suffering from dyoencery, owing to the use of the water.-Denilijuim Clhronicle. 