COLONIAL EXTRACTS. Unclaimed Letters. — Parties applying for un claimed letters at the General Post Office, are re quested to give tho correct number of the letter, as also the date nnd number of tho list fl5th Jan.. No. 2) in which they may liavo observed their names. Ship Letters. — 4 '1 homas Batho, Murrum- burrnh : 9 Frederick Black, Wagga Wagga : 7 W. Clarke, IVagga Wagga: 10 Joseph Doolan, Wagga Wagga : 10 John Fuller, Wagga Wagga: 9 John Goice, Yass: 19 Henry Gulfin, Tumut: 20 Mr. Guitard, Wagga Wagga: 1 David Hagan, Wagga Wagga ; 3 Thomas Hall, Murrumbidgee-: 4 G. T. Hallam, Wagga Wagga ; 7 John M'Oartliy, Wagga Wagga: 13 Dugald M'Killop, Wugga Wagga: 7 John Pentony, Murrumbidgee: 8 A. O. Van Poski, North Gundagai : 20 Henry Ro'dgers, Wagga Wagga ; 8 William Sinclair, Wagga Wagga : 27 Robert Stanford, Yass Plains : 31 Robert Shade, Wagga Wagga-. 32 H. Sullivan, Urana: 19 Mrs. Twitchctt, Wagga Wagga: 27 J. Wright, Wagga Wagga. Colonial Letters. — 37 Thomas Armson, Yass , 8 G. Barber, Esq., Murrumbidgee: 24 Sam. Barnes, Wagga Wagga: 29 R. Barrett, Billabong: 2G G. Barbor, Esq., Murrumbidgee ; 77 William Butter, Wagga Wagga: 94 W. J. Bourne, Wngga Wngga: 112 W. A. Brodribb, Esq., Wagga Wagga: 115 Master B. Broughton, Wagga Wagga: 168 John Bvrnes, Wngga Wagga: 169 John Byrne, Wagga Wagga: 171 H, G, G. Byrne, Esq., Wngga Wagga: 1 Samuel Cadmah, Billabong: 2 John Oantwell, Esq., Wggga Wagga: 4 Edward Carroll, Binalong; 29 T. W. Onrne, Wagga Wagga : 30 J. Oantwell, Esq., Wagga Wngga: 3G James Oampbell, Wngga Wagga; 47 William Christie, Esq., Wagga Wagga: 57 Edmund Cloary, Ade long: 84 Win. Cooper, Murrumburrah; 90 L. Cochrane, Queanbeyan: 112 W. Cox, Wagga Wagga: 122 Jamoa Colston, Wngga Wagga: 129 James Crowe, Wagga Wagga: 131 A. Crosby, Esq , Lnchlan District ; 14G James Crowe, Wagga Wagga: 101 A. Ouningham, Urana: 9 AVilliam Davis, Murrumbidgoo: 10 J. H. Davis, Wagga Wngga : 38 Thomas Dich, Esq., Wngga Wagga : 41 W. Dickman, Wagga Wagga: 47 Mr. Dillon, Murrumbidgee: 48 Mr. Dillon, Tumut: 63 G. O Drevar, Wngga Wagga: 14 Thomas Eva, Ade long : 3 Thomas Fannin, Adelong (2) : 8 Mr. Far- child, Wagga Wagga: 33 Arthur Floridd, Mur rumbidgee: 41 John Flnnngan, Wngga Wagga: 18 Win. Foaid, Wngga Wngga : CI S. O. Froscr, Urnna: 18 Goey Gin, Gundagai: 20 Henry Gill, Burrown: 44 G. Gordon, Wagga Wngga: 18 J, Granger, Esq., Murrumburrnh : 60 Mr. Grigson, Wngga Wngga : 40 Alfred Hedwell, Wngga Wagga : 69 Godfrey Hill, Wagga Wngga: 2 Johnlngbold, Murrumburrah: 18 E. Kelly, Gundagai : 13 Wil liam Lapworth, Wagga Wagga : 37 Louis Lefore- stier, Adelong : 55 Francis Lord, Reedy Creek : G1 Mr. Lord, Wngga Wagga: G2 Clias. Lockhart, Esq., Wagga Wagga (2): 98 Miss H. Lucas, Wagga Wagga : 99 Ohas. Lucas, Wagga Wagga : 3 Henry Mackhensy, Adelong; 12 W. Mackey, Wngga Wngga: 14 James Maekey, Wagga Wagga : 17 William Martin, Billabong : 19 William Markey, Wngga Wagga: 27 B. Martion, Reedy Creek: 28 Thomas Marcle, Gundaroo : 32 Pat. Manoneagh, Yass; 93 Mr. M'Naughton, Wngga Wagga: 03 Denis M'Amiley, Murrumbidgee: 121a Hugh M'Mullen, Roedy Creek: 141 Patrick Mehin, Billa bong , 202 J. W. Murphy, Esq., Murrumburrah : 7 W. Nest, Wagga Wagga: 1 Robert Parker, Billa bong: 22 the person in charge of Mr. Hughes's sta tion, Urana: 35 John Pinkest, Wngga Wngga: 20 James Rea, Esq., Wagga Wagga: 21 O.T. Rent- man, Wagga Wagga: 22 James Reynolds. Wagga Wagga: 29 Mr. Richards, Wagga Wagga ; 34 W. Ring, junior, Wagga Wngga: 42 R. O. Rowley, Murrumburrah: 51 A. L. Rosenguint, Wa"ga Wagga: 52 Mrs. Alice Roberts, Wagga Wagga; 44 W. Simpson, Wagga Wagga: 52a Thomas Slattery, Wagga Wugga (2); 79 Mrs. J. Smith, Adelong; 85 Peter Solders, Murrumburrah: 31 Jas. Truman, Wagga Wagga: 2 James Veale, Wngga Wagga: 33 J. W. Weardon, Gundagai: 34 John Webber, Gundngni: 42 James Whittlo, Wagga Wagga: 74 Dr. Wilkinson, Wagga Wagga : 76 Ed. Wilkinson, Wagga Wngga : 77 Wildie & Co., Yass': 91 Mrs. Woods, Wagga Wagga. A New Export from Queensland. — The Brisbane Courier of 3rd instant mentions that the first shipment of cured meat was brought down from Mr. M. B. Davis's establishment, at Town Marie, yesterday. It consisted of 89 casks, each containing 304 lbs., -of beef, and Mr. Davis intends dispatching it from Sydney to London on Wednes day next. Privato advices from a reliable source state that beef was obtaining very high prices in London, and it was expected that as much as 2s. per lb. would be asked for it. If Mr. Davis's ship ment arrives opportunely it is very certain the result will be satisfactory. The process by which the meat is cured is exceedingly simple, but the experiment is not entirely a new one. As soon as the bullock is killed, tho breast is cut open, and incisions made in tho heart, and the blood is then forced out of the body. One of the incisionsis then stopped up, and a preparation, of which tho chief ingredients aro salt nnd sugar, is then injected into the vessels which previously held the blood ; the body is thus wholly impregnated with the mixture. After this has been done tho body is cut up into pieces, and if intended for shipment is placed in casks containing pickle. The meat seoms to be of good quality, and has a pleasant flavour when oooked. Wo are informed that meat cured by the same process has been found perfectly sweet after tho lapse of two years. More Stiokinq-ui\ — Tho reign of bushranging, which it was thought had been put an end to by the breaking up of the notorious gang whose deeds so long spread through the western and southern districts some time back, appears to bo reviving again very rapidly. Following speedily upon the sticking-up of tho Yass mail on Thursday last, as recordod in our last issuo, we have been informed of another store robbery, which took place in the Goulburn district, and on Sunday last in our own district these outrages were followed by the sticking-up by two armed men of Mr. M'EI- roy's Telegraph Inn, at Warri, ori the Shonlhaven River, the particulars of which are as follows :— Shortly before dusk two men, who passed the resi dence of F. H. Wilson, Esq., of Manar; were ob served to be loitering about, leading their horses, a short distance from Mr. M'EIroy's, and tho sus picions which naturnlly arose as to their being i bushrangers wore shortly found to he correct. After stopping about the road for nearly an hour, without coming near the house, as we are inform- i cd by a party who, with another, was camped opposite tho hotol door, and who were bringing a \- cart load of fish for disposal in this district, one of the bushrangers proceeded to cover - his face . with a mask, in which proceeding ho was follow - , cd by his companion. They then both camo down, t leading their horsos (it having then got dark, and nbout nine o'clock), nnd passed close to tho cart under which the two men nlluded to had taken up their position, and observed their movements. When they came up to the door of the inn they tiod their horses together, and one of them, tho shorter man of the two, turned round, and, as if aware of some ono being under the oart, presented his re volvers, one in each hand, in that direction. Tho dog which tho fruit dealers had by their side under their cart flow out nt the bushrangers, un mindful of the barkers opposed to him, when the bushranger turned round from the cart and with his companion proceeded to enter the house, pro bably being satisfied that he had been mistaken in his suspicions as to thero being any one besides the dog there. The two desperadoes then went into the bar. Just as they were going in ot the door a man was coming out, who was one of a party of seven diggers, camping outside about two hundred yards away from the house. This man only hid thorn good evening, and passed out tak ing to his companions whatever it was it had been his errand to obtain, but whether ho had any suspicions of there being nnything wrong with the visitors or not, we cannot say— he subsequently stated, however, that ho had not, and his mates appeared to be totally unacquainted with what had taken place upon being afterwards told of the rob bery. Indeed from the time the bushrangers went to the house till thoy loft, upwards of an hour, these men were singing right merrily ana lustily the whole time, and their voices were distinctly heard by the two dealers under tho cart The robbers then bailed up Mrs. M'EIroy, the servant girl, nnd a lad. One of the robbers placed all the prisoners in a row. with their faces to tho wall and stood behind their backs with his revolvers which ho clicked a number of times, and threaten ed to shoot any of them that dared to look round, while tho other searched tho place. Mrs. M'EIroy was so terrified under this treatment that she very shortly went into hysterics, when her hus band was allowed to take her into the verandah. The robbers then turned the wholo place over, searching every conceivable corner and cranny in tho house, but we have not heard whether they secured anything valuable or not. Wo boliove, however, thoy obtained no money. They took down almost every bottle of spirits from the shelves be hind the bar, tasting a great many of them, and taking six bottles ot whiskey away with them. Besides these, we believe, they carried off a num ber of tins of sardines, a quantity of candles, and some tea and sugar, but to what amount wo have not heard. After staying about an hour thoy went away, saying they were going to stick-up tho Goulburn mail. When thoy came outside their persons were in full view under tho light of tho lamp we have mentioned to the two dealers who had remained undisturbed in their position under the cart. The horses which the robbers had left in front of tho house remained close to the cart the whole time. One was a good-sized brown animal, and tho other was a chesnut with a bob tail, not so largo. Upon the brown horse was slung a musket or rifle. One of tho men was of considerable stature, standing ubout five feet ton inches, the other was about thrco or four inches shorter. They were both dressed in white corduroy knee breeches, top boots, with a kind of blue poncho over their bodies, nnd they had both cabbagotree hats on. They then went away and it was after wards learned that they cut across the Mauar pad docks, putting down a rail of tho fencing to get in. Whether their tracks wcie discovered by the police after they got into the road again wo have not heard, but it is hardly probable, owing to the time that elapsed before tho police got out there, no in formation of the outrage being received until the following morning. The two men who were en sconced under tho cart think that tho robbers had a companion beating about the neighbourhood, as they heard tho Bound of a whistio from the hush twice, on tho first occasion shortly after the rob bers entered tho house nnd on the second just he- fore they loft. The whistio was far louder and shriller than the ordinary whistio sounded by tho tongue, and they were of opinion that it was from some instrument, as it quivered like tho tin pea whistio in common uso amongst constables and night watchmen in largo , towns. Those dealers state that it was only the fear of this outside scout that prevented them seizing the bushran ger's horses, closo at their hand, and making off to the diggers closo by for assistance. Tho opportu nity that was presented of capturing them was centainly a remarkably simple ono such as does not often occur. Even hnd tho diggers possessed no firearms, which we believe they did not, thero was tho gun on ono of tho horses which they might have obtained possession of with tho ut most easo and in the uso of which they would have been protected by tho darkness outside, while having a full view of the robbers coming out in the light issuing from within and from the lnmp without. Another remarkable feature of this outrage is that the robbers should have loiter ed about tho place for so long a time as stated, before they commenced to carry out their design, unless it was in order to escape the observation of the diggers in tho immediate neighbourhood, by waiting till darkness sot in. It is also a matter of surpriso that they were not deterred from prolong ing their stay to suoh a length by the noise of the singing alluded to, which thoy could not hut have heard. If there was an outside scout he was pro bably engaged in watching those diggers grouped round their camp fire, and ready to give warning if any of them proceeded to the scene of operations, and probably prepared to intercept them. No third man or horse was, however, seen by anyone about, and the tracks which were afterwards dis covered of the robbers were only those of two horsemen, the prints of the small chesnut horso's feet being clearly discovered with those of the lar ger horse. — Braidwood Dispatch. The Ultima Thule op Pupping, — The art of puffing is cultivated to a prodigious extent in Mel bourne, owing, no doubt, in a great measure, to the disparity betweon consumers and competitors ; and there is seldom any ground for complaint on the score of advertisements outraging delicacy and common sense. But what are wo to think of a Prahran establishment which advertises its baby photographs as articles to bo specially patronisod just now, on account of " the vast inoroaso of juvenilo mortality ? " It is, unfortunately, common enough for eortain classes to ply a lucrative traffic in tho vices and foibles of humanity ; but thero is a sickening novelty in tho idea of making capital out of the tender relations between parents and their little children, who may be tottering into the grave. Ono might imagine that these feelings were too sacred for the intrusion of the vulgar commercial element, and that parents might be safely left to their own instincts to judge as to whether they ought to be on the look-out for portraits as well as coffins for their little ones. Hitherto, parents have had their children photographed, without the slightest notion that the process was an indis- pensable preliminary to burial ; but if this worthy artist obtains any notoriety, we shall have to asso- ciate the photographer with the gravedigger.— Leader. Chinese Superstition. — It has been clearly as certained that the late fire broke out in a hut where a few months since Ah Lay Ty hanged him self. This and certain other mysterious circum stances liavo evoked the grim features of Mongolian superstition into intense notion, and the devil is universally accused of setting fire to the camp. The hut of Ah Lay Ty, from the time of his denth, has been regarded with profound awe, every ne cessary observance having been practised to keep it clear from evil spirits, but without effect, as it has been nightly haunted, not by the deceased, but by a legion of ghostly apparitions alleged to bo imps of the dovil, who has potent influence over the locality of a suicide, and continues in possession until the troubled spirit of the deceased is finally exoroised. Up till a few days before the confla gration no person would venture to occupy this hut,_ although Ah Gin, a brother of deceased, offer ed it to any comer gratuitously. Every night lamps have been kept burning within its dismal shades, and the choicest food has been spread out on the table; but still the restless spirit of Ah Lay Ty disturbed the watchers of the night. Often tho forlorn hut has been offered to any poor travelling Chinaman arriving at tho camp hungry and swng- worn and without a place of shelter, and es soon as these learned its history they have invariably de camped with tho utmost alacrity and dismay. But two or three days heforo the fire ono Sin Tin and some others came to the oamp in a terrible state of wretchedness and want, and were persuaded to take up their abodo in the haunted dwelling. They did so with great fear and trembling, and as. they continued night after night unharmed, it was be lieved that Ah Lay Ty was at rest. But when it was told by a Chinaman that on the outbreak of tho fire he saw the dovil and Ah Lay Ty rising with tho flames as they burst through the roof, all were convinced that tho fire wns an act of ven- goanco by tho evil one. The dwolling in which tho late detective Appoo died was regarded with a similar superstitious feeling. Although his death was caused by consumption, yet his antecedents were not satisfactory, many believing him to have been addicted to trafficking with the devil, and from the time of his death till Sunday last his late abode remained closely fastened, none venturing to sleep there, fearing a visitation from the ghost of Appoo, accompanied by those unholy spirits with whom ho uoramuncd in this lifn. Under these alarming circumstances it wns felt that a great atonement was necessary, nnd it was resolved to hold on Sunday an impressive ceremony of exor cism to appenso the angry spirits. Accordingly, at daylight tho gongs struck up their discordant cla mour, and the reverberations of tho crackers con tinued all the morning. The people gathered from all parts, and so successful was their devotion that in the afternoon it was declared that the spirits of tho departed were at peace, aud universal joy pre vailed. Appoo's houso has since been occupied, and is now tenanted by a party of Chinese whose slumbers have suffered no disturbance. — O. andM. Advertiser. The Great Victoria. — This vessel was origin ally built ut Nuntz, in 18G3, nnd wns afterwards much altered and improved by Patterson, of Bristol. On deck there are three houses — tho saloon, the second cabin, nnd the forecnstlo ; and notwith standing this, tho immense clear spaco left at onco attracts attention, and, ns spacious promenades also aro to bo found on the roofs of the deck houses, tho outside accommodation for passengers is seldom equalled. Entering tho saloon, ono first remarks the elegance of the staireaso leading to tho sleeping berths, and the size of the mirror plnced in it, which gives an airiness and apparent extent of dimensions quite refreshing in a ship. In the saloon itself mirrors judiciously placed reflect the light and again enlarge tho idea of space, while the whole fittings are at once elegant and substan tial, tho buffet exhibiting a largo collection of silvor plate, and tho whole having more tho ap pearance of the first-class salle-de- manger on shore than a cabin on board an immigrant ship. De scending to the 'tween docks, mirrors again lighten tho corridors, the quiet carpeted floors of whioh remind one of English comforts. Tho extent of sleeping accommodation is very large, and the ar rangements for ventilation are most complete, and most ingenious in their simplicity. By these any amount of fresh air can be obtained, while tho weather is totally excluded. On the Bame deck as the saloon aro to bo found accommodation for tho captain, consisting of a business room and sleeping apartment, and also two privato rooms, one used as a smoking-room, the other ns a reading-room, with n bath-room between. Tho second cabin has also a very spacious saloon, and tho bunks, though more pluinly fitted than those of the first-class, are equally largo and airy, while tho accommodation forward is of the best description. Looking town tho main hatch, tho depth of tho hold (thirty-throe feet) gives some idea of the largo capacity of tho ship for cargo. On hor last voyage from England she brought out upwards of 1700 tons, dead weight, amongst which were sixty six pairs bridge castings, each weighing two tons, nnd 700 tons railway material, all of which were landed in good condition. Sho is by far tho largest vessel which has yet been seon in Moreton Bay, being over 300 feet in length, and equal in dimensions to tho largest of tho famous Cunard line of pnekets, and is well worthy of a visit. Tho idea of a trip to England in suoh a vessel appoars to be one of the pleasanteBt prospects ono can have— as every comfort which could be enjoyed on shore in a first-class hotel is to be found on board tho Great Victoria. Sho will shortly proceed to Sydney to tako in a cargo of wool and passengers, and has not been chartered to eonvev troops from New Zealand to England, as was believed she would. — Queensland Guardian, February 8, Official Carelessness.— A strango blunder on the part of tho officials of the penal department is thus reported by the Hobart Town Mercury : — At a late Criminal Sessions in LauDceston, two men named Brown and Cameron received sentences of six and three years' imprisonment respectively, for a crime of which they were convicted, and in duo course wore removed to Hobart Town gaol, pre paratory to being sent to Port Arthur. While at Hobart Town, Brown petitioned tho Executive for the pardon of Oamoron, whom he alleged to bo an innocent man ; but before the petition was decided on the prisoners were removed to Port Arthur. Tho result of tho appeal to the Executivo was favour able to Cameron, whoso unexpired sentence was remitted. Tho Clerk of tho Council indorsed tho petition in the usual way to the effect that, " Tho unexpired portion of this man's sentonco is to ho remitted," nnd on the document reaching the sheriff's office, the necessary instructions were promptly given to tho gaoler to discharge, not Cameron, but Brown, he being tho petitioner and the supposed recipient of the intended pardon. As tho men were out of his custody, tho gaoler for warded tho instructions to the commander at Port Arthur. Mr. Boyd communicated with the Comp troller-General, who, in his turn transmitted tho authority for tho discharge of the man, still tho wrong man, tho veritable Brown; and that verit able and (for the onee) fortunate individual was discharged, and made his way to the district of Westhury to receive the congratulations of his con freres. Meanwhile Cameron pines away in hope less seclusion and bondage, until somo one con ceives the idea of doiDg him a good turn, and tho hon. the Attorney-General is appealed to in favour of Cameron. " Cameron," quoth the learned Minister of Justice, " why Cameron has heon par doned." " No," says tho benevolent interposcr, " Cameron is down there, and if you don't let him up, there he will remain." It now beoamo evident that the wrong man had been released, and this state of things was fully confirmed by inquiry. Of course no time was lost in discharging Cameron, and the hue-and-cry was raised for the hapless Brown, who was without much difficulty captured in the Westhury district, and is now on his return to his old quarters at Port Arthur, the most to bo pitied of the two victims of " More blunders than one," 