THE FOUNDERING OF THE LONDON. THURSDAY, 11th JANUARY, 1866. Oh for the Harp of days gone by, to sing this Song of Woe, And pour the tide of bitter grief in wild resistless flow! Such Harp as told the Patriot's thoughts when, failing in the fight, Dark scenes of bloody horror pass'd before his angu- ish'd sight: The peaceful home laid waste with fire—the corn- field trampled down— The warrior dragg'd to torturing death to smooth a Conqueror's frown: The babe and mother done to death by one fierce javelin thrust, The bonnie maiden struggling in the vile embrace of lust!— With Freedom gone, and with it all that made ex- istence dear, In vain the weeping Minstrel strove his madden'd heart to cheer: He heeded not the tricks of verse—he scorn' d the thought to please— Nor cared he much with dulcet sounds his bitter pangs to ease: With burning brain he swept the strings, and sang the bitter wail, As one who felt that earthly hope could never more avail; That Music could but mock the grief which rankled in his breast, And dagger's edge, or poison'd bowl, alone might yield him rest! Yes, Such the Song we fain would hear! and could that Song be sung, Its piercing tones perchance might soothe some heart with sorrow wrung: Might calm awhile the boiling surge around that sinking ship, That writhes and groans and bends and falls in the dark tempest's grip: Might still the roaring winds awhile—might lull the torturing screams That break upon our startled ears in midnight's troubled dreams: Might sweep away the horrid sight, and bring the rainbow out To give old Faith her empire yet o'er dark rebellious Doubt! No modern Lute may work that charm! no weak, hysteric lay May hope to wield o'er such a theme a heart-respon- sive sway! Awake, asleep,—by day, by night—that scene must haunt us still— Those pallid ghosts must still arise, and still each nerve must thrill: He chief, pale Learning's favourite son, with veins of frozen blood, As in that hour when face to face with chilling Death he stood: Ay, face to face! and dauntless bore the Spectre's icy gaze, With the soul of some brave Warrior Chief in the old heroic days. Now tell me, Prophets, ye who vaunt your dark mys- terious lore, And flourish in our eyes the keys of a dragon guarded door: Was this the fate for such as he? was this the meed he earn'd, Who through a pure and stainless life had Sin's at- tractions spurn'd? Who lived for others, not for Self—who gave away his toil, Nor sought for praise's empty froth, nor clutch'd at golden spoil: Who held a brother's hand to raise the fallen from the mire, And taught degraded souls to hope, to struggle, and aspire: Whose mind was like the jewell'd blade, a cunning artist's pride, That glitters in its silken belt by some dark Sultan's side: If small the steel, 'twas keen and true: 'twould reach a Bigot's heart— Pierce twisted mail of Social Fraud and Skeptic's deadly art— In Freedom's cause 'twas redden'd oft—it battled for the Right— Where dark Fanatic banners gleam'd, it led the wavering fight— And mark! no spot of rust was there to dim the silvery glow, No cursed stain of guiltless blood unjustly caused to flow! Could not some meaner life be found to glut the hungry wave, Some worthless life that none would mourn when sinking to the grave? A noble work remain'd to do—it was but just be- gun— Must he be snatch'd away ere yet that noble work was done? A sacred pile he strove to raise—behold the glorious plan— Its deep foundations laid upon the highest hopes of Man: Alas, 'tis left to moulder now! no other hands may rear The stately structure of his thought for ages to revere: And 'midst the fragments strewn around, while mists before me rise, I stand and mourn the cruel Fate that tore him from our eyes: —May widows' curses crush the men who sport with human lives As gamesters sport with dice, nor reck while their base traffic thrives! O may their dying ears be pierced with the wild shrieks that rose From livid lips of men we loved, in death's convul- sive throes! May Biscay's waves uprear their crests before their stony glare, And howling tempests drown their cry of agonised despair! G. B. B. 24th March, 1866. 