MELBOUENE. [FR01I DUP. OWN" COREESrONDEXT,] Mondavi April lG.i Australia and things Australian .\re,! as time .wears oiij attracting' -in-i creased...attention in Eugland... . You! can scarcely tits up an English! newspaper,^ . .review, or .■ magazine,': without alighting upon articles directly. dealing with matters of interest to this or; the. adjacent colonies. A recent number of the Loudon "Athenaeum" contains a; review of the.poetical. efforts of two resi-' dents in New South Wales. Mr .J. Sheridan1 Moore and Mr Henry Kendall. , Mr] Moore's " Spring Songs, Lyrics, and Aus tralian Melodies" is summarily disposed' of by the critic as not worthy of detailed examination ; but Mr Kendall is reviewed very favorably. _ He sent to the editor a bulky manuscript, from which two ex-j | tracts'are made—one the "Song, of the Cattle. Hunters," the other "The Ghost Glen." v The, critic suggests that " the! young Australian poet should devote Lhimsclf.mainly to .the treatment, of /'in-j digirious (purely, Australian) subjects.'] 'the review concludes, thus :Kendall--continues to • exert his' poetic faculty as successfully as he .has donCiu these two pieces (those above referred to); i England, as well as Australia, will gladly, I . recognise his place as a singer. He has!. both disadvantages and advantages in his' | distant Sphere, but the latter, predominate; He occupies virgin soil, .stands'in the midst-, of,: a society;/ whose - cliarac--. teristics, have. never., yet y ,j been | mirrored ill soijg j while Ebglisli writers are throwing up their pens yearly] because they can assimilate nothing new; Let him seek in the great life around him those human forms of humour,; pathos, and beauty which, touched by j the gifted .hand, cannot fail, to: win; the hearts of tuc public, and let him use his -local colouring, a precious treasure, to illustrate truths which are universal.: That he has gifts there can be no question and bis communication to us is so modest and scnsiblc that we are assured he will put these gifts to the best use and strike out iu the path which be is most suited , to explore." Sir Stitt Jenkins of Geelong -might do well to ponder over the-above critique. - ] i i Apropos of the impending recall of Sir Charles Darling/the Age to-day indulges in one of its most violent tirades. The] article concludes thus "It must be the i business] of the representatives of tbe | people to prevent such a result, and to show that though the Imperial authorities may at their caprice remove Governors, yet that no Governor who does his duty j to the colony will be allowed in any degree tosufferfor so doing, but that he will be respected, honoured, and adequately remunerated." Tour readers will pro-1 bably ask,how the representatives of tlio people can remunerate Sir Charles ? The fact is that some'of the most uncompro misineiniiiisterinl supporters—men whose heads (owing to political excitement) and pockets are about equally light-r-talk at random about the Assembly voting Sir Charles Darling 'L20,000, more or. less] for his loss of office, and of appointing him agent general in England for this colony at a salary of L5000 a year. Yery easy toialk big in this way; but will] it be possible to get the'Assembly to assent to such a use of the public money; or should the Assembly be cajoled, would .the Upper House assent to the measure ? I trow not, • ■_ This morning the case of Dr Beancy chatged with procuring an abortion on the person of Miss Lewis came up in the Court of Sessions before Mr Justice Wil liams, when the accused, attended by numerous friends, appeared in Court. •Mr Dawson stated that he had heard that it was the intention of -the Crown prose cutor to 'ask for a postponement of the trial until the next sessions. He could not see upoii what ground this was pro posed, as tlie prosecution had every op portunity of preparing their case. His clieut, DrBeauey, felt it to a great bard-, ship to have the trial kept pending over him, as he was now fully prepared to make a complete answer to the charge. He hoped therefore the Court would pro ceed with the trial. The court decided to postpone the trial. -] Mr Davison then asked" the court to make an order; to, exhume the body of the deceased so that the witnesses for the defence may have nu opportunity of checking the statements of tlie prosecuting witnesses. ..-He! made the application under / the Act of 3 and 4 "Will. IT. which he contended empowered the jffdge"to" make such an order. -Mr Justice Williams said his inpression was at present against the application, but if circumstances 'here after arose,which should render, an ex planation necessary, he would probably grant an order for that, purpose, lie ordered tbe defendant to find bail to appear when" called upon. Mr D.iwson stated that a letter had been received from the'Crown authorities in reply to one. sent by tbe defendant's • solicitors, which stated that the charge'had been reduced to one of misdemeanor; Bail having been given—the defendant in LlCOO, and" two sureties of 1500' cacli; the case was so far disposed of. Michael Murphy was charged with having murdered his m .te •, at Enoch's Point, Gaftney' Creek. It appeared that Murphy and his mate, after, receiving their wages on Saturday night,- went to -a public house iu the vicinity of their hut, and after getting intoxicated returned home. Shortly after entering :the .but the two men had some words, which speedily lend to a quarrel, and iu the struggle Murphy stabbed his mate with a kuife. The poor fellow- shortly afterwards died, _ and Murphy was" arrested. . Mr Aspinall, who appeared for the prisoner, stated that the two men had been living together ' for a long time, and had never before quarrelled, and argued that the jury could only bring in manslaughter; "Tbe jury being of Mr Aspinall's opinion/ brought iu a verdict of/manslaughter, and: the prisoner was sentenced to seven years' imprisomeut. ! Nothing of importance took place at the Police Court to-day. , .... ] - : TJie: number of visitors to the national museums .of naturai history, geology,'and economic geology, applied to mining; ' agriculture an'd the nrts^br the "week end ing 14th April, wa31450'. The museums 'arc^rojpen to the public; daily, (Sundays ;'excepted).from! 10. a.m.. iilV 5*; p;'rri '.in;'. tin north side of the University, and iu'tlu unfinished portion of -the Nationa Museum .building, at the back of the /University. • j', Ha w axd . ITa Tit.—A witness in a police oise the other day being asked what his re ligion was, replied that lie'was neither Jew nor Gentile, but a sort of .half and half, and his religion was to do the best ho could for himself and his wife and family. I have heard worse creeds. At all events he de nounced no terrible doom against any other religionists. -Fmch s Table 2a/A*, 