The Shades Below. Scene — The banks of the Styx. Wentworth, Lowe, and others engaged in conversation. Enter Coweer, and Robertson, new arrivals, followed by the ghosts of other departed politicians. Wentworth:. Well, Mr. Cowper, what do you think of Tartarus ? We'vo been expecting you here for some time past. Lowber. 1 ve had no time to form an opinion of Tartarus, but I've no doubt I shall like the society. _ Lowe, aside. It's quite another question whether the society will like you. For my part, I doubt it. Wentworth. I see your old friend Robertson, still sticks to you. There was a rumour about that you and he had parted company at last. Robertson. Rumour be d d ! Charley and I had a few words, but let " byegones be byegones," is our motto. Lowe. We're aware of your partiality for that principle, Mr. Robertson. Your fondness for "byegones" has, no doubt, induced you to give tho "go-by" toother principles of equal, if not greater importance. Robertson. None of your d chaff, old white head! Don't suppose you're going to come the House of Commons dodge over an old native. Lowe. I've no intention of " going to come " any dodge whatever, Mr. Robertson, either over an old native, or a young native, or no native at all. Coweeh. You must excuse my impetuous friend, Mr. Lowe. Ho never was accustomed to society, and. his friends are compelled to overlook his little peculiarities. Lowe. It often occurred to me, during my life-time, what an excel lent idea on the part of Providence it was to set up an Antipodes. Here, unfortunately, we arc depi-ived of that advantage, and conse quently, we must take our society as we find it, just as we do with the weather. T. Wentworth. You had a long time of it in the old colony, Cowper. Let us hear how you lik'd it. Cowper. In a political sense, of course, you mean. Well, on the whole, I'm disposed to say that I liked it uncommonly well. You recollect, at the time you left the colony, I was exclusively an orna ment to private life. The glorious turn of the wheel which was to elevate C. C. to an unlook'd for pinnacle, had not yet come round. C. C. was consequently obscure. Wentworth. Yes, I recollect it perfectly. I believe you had something to do in a railway office. Gigantic swindle that, by the bye. Lowe. One of the most nefarious transactions in public life that ever disgraced a common- wealth. A Roman aqueduct could hardly have cost more than those few miles between Sydney and Parramatta. Cowper. You will do mo the justice to remember that I had nothing whatever to do with that " swindle," as you not inaptly term it. When tho House met, the door was lock'd, and I was outside. Wentworth. I had no intention of even hinting such a thing, Cowper. Pray go on. Cowper. The lapse of a few months, involving tho failure of more than one Administration, soon brought your humble friend to the surface. There he took care to remain. Wentworth. I never clearly understood how it was that Robertson managed to make himself indispensable to constitutional government in New South Wales. Backwoodsmen and Prime Ministers have rarely much in common. Cowper. You see, Jack, with all his faults, had oue merit — he knew under which thimble the pea was to be found. Even that is more than some Statesmen have the sagacity to discover. Lowe, aside. First time Cowper ever tried metaphor without a failure. Thimble-rigging and Jack Robertson — very good that. Wentworth. The pea, of course, was' the Land Act. Pretty mess he made of it, after all. Cowper. I must confess that my anticipations were not altogether realised on that head. In fact, I ascribe my subsequent loss ; both of office and popularity, to an excessive confidence in my friend's agrarian genius. He let me in for a frightful oversight about the reserves. Wentworth. One of the few good things you seem to have been involuntarily guilty ol, (Jowper. Come, speak plainly, did you intend that or not ? Cowper. I object to plain speaking on any subject. I never found it answer. I may say, however, that, as far as I was concerned, I was not, directly, a party to my friend's manoeuvre, on that occasion. Wentworth. You don't mean to say that Jack actually took you in ? Cowper. I should be sorry to say so. Wentworth. Or think so ? Cowper. That's a very different matter. Jack and I are old friends, and we have often proved of much assistance to each other in the administration of public business, and otherwise. Lowe. It was very plain to me that Her Majesty's Ministers, or some of them nt least, were engaged in a coup d'etat with regard to that j affair. The stakes wore heavy, and no doubt were worth the risk. Wentworth. Well, I suppose you're not sorry to be released from the cares of office. It's wearing work. Of course you made every thing comfortable, in the event of your retirement ? Cowper. I am sorry to say I did not — and I am still more sorry to say that my friends, when called upon, did not show that alacrity which might have been expected from them. However, I was far too old a bird to be surprised at that ; and when I recollected the affair wo have just been speaking of, I was still less surprised than ever. W entworth. Ungrateful dogs ! Talk of surprise, you ought to have expected it. Lowe. I am not altogether disposed to regret that a public life, marked by so small a display of public virtue, was not successful to the last. Had it been otherwise, we should have had the spectacle of a FouchS usurping the honours of a Richelieu — a spectacle which Cowper —hurriedly — Good evening, gentlemen. (Exit with his friends). 