NEW SOUTH WALES. We have Sydney papers to the 19th instant. The following are extracts : State of the Counts. Our Wandering Reporter in a private note dated Barra be, May 18th says : " The country is in so miserable a state that I have been three days getting thus far. Since leaving the Rocky River my unfortunate horse has not had a bit to eat beyond the few mouthfuls he has been able to gather on the road. About all the stations and stopping places everything is perfectly bare, and no hay or corn to be had so that to keep life in my poor animal I have been obliged to camp for two or three hours a day whenever I came to any place on the ranges where there was any-not feed, for that there is not-but the slightest suspicion of there being the ghost of a blade of dried up grass. This is the first place I have reached where hay is obtainable, and I am stopping to-day to get my horse a tucker, as I am told there are the same prospects of starvation for him at Bingera. The whole country is an immense waste ; cattle so poor that they can hardly crawl, and looking as bad as if they had gone through a very severe winter. Should any bad weather set in you will hear of deaths by thousands. I am told also that pleuro-pneumonia has again made its appearance in many places, both in this- the Liverpool Plains and the New England districts. All the rivers and creeks are dry for a great portion of their length, and what little water there is every here and there is not drinkable, being almost putrid from the large amount of decomposed vegetable matter it holds in solution from the duckweed that coversit. Children. and even grown people, are suffering from dysentery, owing to the use of the water." Herald. Asbestos -The following letter, on the singular incombustible mineral substance known as asbestos, appears in Saturday's Orange Guardian : -" Sir,-Will you or some of your readers please to give me any information respecting the substance known as asbestos or amaranthus? I recognised the asbestos rock in this district, some twenty-two years back, and since then I have from time to time exposed portions of the stone to atmospheric influence, and the result has always been a perfect change of the stone into asbestos, or into a substance closely resembling the finest staple of wool, only something stronger and, if possible, whiter in appearance. I have sometimes obtained it six inches in length, have combed it out, and found it soft and pliant as any silk. This substance, as, no doubt, you are aware, is inconsumable by fire, as its name indicates, and was used in ancient times by nobles and others of great wealth (being too costly for the poor, as a material of clothing, and for other purposes. Mr. Phillips. of your town, is, I believe, a person acquainted with the manufacture of this substance. The stone may be brought into the state of asbestos in a very short time, and thereby intimates that the stone itself is of great prospective value. I have been employed sinking a well of late, and some days I got as much of this mineral in would make a suit of clothes. I can show this stone here in all its stages, from stone itself to the asbestos state. < Should asbestos ever come into' general use it will, in some measure, no doubt, from its ' incombustible nature, supersede the evils of crinoline. Besides this, great advantage, it will also set aside the vexatious expense, and use of soap and water for all a lady will have to do when she unrobes herself, will be to pitch her articles of apparel into a glowing fire, and when they have become as white as a snowflake, she may resume them at her pleasure. Perhaps you may deem some parts of the foregoing rather extravagant ; but nevertheless, I really believe, that by proper appliances, the amaranthus may yet become a source of revenue, and I therefore recommend the thing to your attention. Should what I have said be deemed of any importance, be pleased to give it room in your valuable columns. I am, Sir, yours respectfully, William Tom, junr. Rob Roy, May 9th, late." Empire. Obit Winter Prospects at Singleton The continued dry weather makes the prospects of our farmers for the approaching winter very gloomy indeed. The little grass is fast disappearing on the open flats bordering the river and other watercourses, and except in the gullies and sheltered places we fear there will be scarcely sufficient feed to support their little dairy herds through the winter. Fortunately, many farmers took advantage of the few showers which fell some weeks ago to sow wheat on land ready to receive it but most of them were not in that favorable position, by having the land is ploughed at the time. A great many of our agriculturists are now ploughing, the late showers having softened the surface sufficiently to allow them to do so, and all are anxiously looking for a supply of rain to enable them to sow wheat. The young wheat, which was sown some weeks ago, is beginning to crop out of the ground and looks well, but like everything else in the vegetable kingdom at the present time, it also will require a supply of moisture before long. Should frosts set in before any rainfall, the consequences we fear will be disastrous to a great many of our agricultural friends. Singleton, May 15th Maitland Mercury. The Vintage of 1860. It is very gratifying to learn' that the vintage in this district has this year been an exceedingly good one, as regards the quality of the wine that it will produce. From all the vineyards of the Hunter and its tributaries the same pleasing announcement comes. The quantity made, however, will not come up to the average yield per acre of some of the previous vintages, although the total quantity is fully equal to that produced in any previous year, owing to the greater extent of land under vine culture. One vineyard only has suffered seriously by hail, and iii that one about two- thirds of the crop were destroyed early in the season by a storm. The dry weather which prevailed during the whole period of the vintage was most favorable for wine making, permitting, as it did, the grapes to thoroughly ripen, and preserving them from the weakening influence of the rain at that time. The vignerons are confident that the wines of 360 will rank very high in public- estimation) when they are old enough to be brought into consumption. Maitland Mercury. a Camp's or a , Livji C«ocodile.-Yaambji seems to be a favorite spot for these gentry, who have probably been driven up the river by steam traffic, if we are to judge by the number captured and seen there. The present scaly monster got entangled in the act of a fisherman named Tait, 1 who, upon hauling in a regular swag as be thought of the finny tribe, discovered to his surprise he had got hold of an ugly customer, who was wrapped round and round in the net. As it was dark when he discovered the nature of his game, he wisely left him bagged until the next morning, when he drew him ashore and secured him head and tail with lashings, and towed him to town, where he is to be exhibited. The animal measures ten feet in length, and is a splendid specimen of his kind Northern Argus, May 12th. 