» HOW PROTESTANTISM THRIVES IN - IRELAND. The subjoined extracts are taken from the weekly report of the Irish Church Commission, ; instituted by the London Review : — 'The house of Sir Walter Raleigh, and another old mansion adjoining, was purchased a1 few years ago by Mr. Lewis, of London, who'1 commenced the work of renovation by getting ai railway constructed from Cork, causing marine' villas to be built along the shore, and making! other improvements, which were all unfortu-| nately cut short by his bankruptcy. ' ' Waterford, the present head- quarters of the! united diocese, is one of the most celebrated of; the Irish cities, and one of the earliest occupied! by the Danes. It had the usual number of ecclesiastical establishments, air amply endowed — the Abbey of ? St. Catherine; the Augustinian , Monastery, the Priory of iSt; John the Evan gelist, occupied by Benedictine monks, the Dominican Friary of St. Saviour, the Holy Ghost Hospital, the cathedral, &c;, nearly alii 1&e; property of wHich^'passed into lay hands.! 'AUL those institutions, j$dignities,: ' powers,^and' »— »»^^— aasm mhiiimi '---i— ,..-—.— ,| miiiiiiini privileges, which formerly were' a partgand parcel of the State Church in that quarter, under the spiritual jurisdiction of the Pope— at least,. all that have survived the revolutionary wreck caused by the Reformation and the civil wars, are now invested in the person of Dr. Daly, who was born in 1783, and is, therefore, eighty -three years of age. Consecrated in 1843, he has en joyed his present position for twenty-three years. According to Sir Bernard Burke, he comes from the ancient family of the O'Dalys, which claimed its descent from Nial of the Nine Hostages, this branch being established in the county Galway, which was re presented for many years in the Irish Parliament by the Right Hon. Denis Daly, described by ? Grattan as one of the best and brightest character that Ireland ever produced. He married the only daughter of LordFarnham, descended from the Maxwells, royal race of Scotland, who left two sons— James created Baron Dunsandle and Clanconnell, and Robert, the Bishop of Cashel and Waterford. The former left a numerous family ; the latter is still a bachelor, who seems to have made it the great object of his life to leave the family estates worthy of their lineage, and to enrich his nieces and nephews. The Rev. Roberb Daly was early in life appointed Rector of Powerscourt. His aristocratic connections, and the estimation in which everybody held Lady Powerscourt - who was eminently distinguished by her benevolence, piety, and zeal, and who regarded Mr. Daly as her spiritual director— -gave him vast influence among the clergy in those days. His relative, Lord Farnham, was active in promoting the 'New Reformation,' which preceded the Eman cipation Act, and was intended to prevent that measure. Dr. Daly was one of the most energetic leaders of the anti-Popery move ment, and being a man of strong will, positive, prompt, and dictatorial, he became not only primus inter pares among the Evangelical clergy, but ultimately assumed the position and bearing of a Protestant Pope. When he spoke, everybody was to acquiesce ; no dissent was tolerated. At that time clerical meetings and conferences were numerous, not only in Dublin, but in places throughout the coantry The Rev. Robert Daly, of Powerscourt, was every where, and wherever he appeared he was master. Discussions went on freely amongst the clergy, each giving his opinion without fear, till the. Rector of Powerscourt arrived. The moment he entered the room every one was silent and humbly listened to the oracle. Now this oracle, unfortunately, happened to be one of the most narrow-minded, bigotted, and intolerant men in the Irish Church. Not a drop of national blood seemed to have come into his veins either from the O'Dalys 'of Gal way or the Maxwells of Scot land. Irish Toryism, pure and simple, hatred of Popery, which nothing could mollify, hostility to all sorts of liberalism which nothing could conciliate, invincible dislike of any man, espe cially of any clergym.au, who dissented from his opinions — these were the leading characteristics of the minister whom Earl de Grey appointed to rule over the Established clergy in the four dio ceses of Cashel, Waterford, Einly, and Lisniore, making him sole patron of eighty or , ninety livings, and placing more than a hundred edu cated gentlemen and their families to a great ex tent at his mercy. 'It is curious to notice how persons interested in ecclesiastical abuses treat those who try to have them corrected by legitimate means. All; who make the attempt are regarded either as; enemies of the Church or traitors in the camp, who are equally unworthy of attention. The English Establishment, resting on; a broad na tional foundation, can bear to have abuses pointed out, because it is conscious of its utility, is not afraid that it is going to be destroyed, and has not got into the habit of being alarmed at the cry , of 'The. Church in Danger.' But the Irish. Establishment, resting on the narrow basis of a fraction of the population, and painfully con scious of its false position, is morbidly sensitive when anything is said about its defects ; and it becomes very angry with those who labour to bring about reforms, though in the most friendly spirit, and when they are absolutely necessary for its preservation. Its prelates, its dignified and highly-beneficed clergy, and those who are dependent upon them, aware of the great secular and political interests which twine themselves round the institution, and keep it from failing, while exhausting its internal strength take advan tage' of its peculiar circumstances in order to j secutfe impunity for practices that would not be j tolerated in England. The Church in Ireland is encamped in an enemy's country ; the over whelming Roman Catholic population around it j are its inveterate foes ; there is a numerous army j of priests ever on the watch to assail it, backed ' by a foeigii power; its existence is bound up with the union of England and Ireland, and with the settlement of property;, .and the consti tution of the country. If it should, be separated from the State, or in any degree weakened, the Church of Rome would at oneoM:-eeoine the as cendant power in Ireland, and this would be fatal to the Throne, and would undo all the work of t the Protestant Reformation. These, things have been asserted so often that they are accepted as many truisms, and have been wrought into the protestant mind of Ireland as intuitive ] convictions, or instincts against which it is almost . vain to reason, and which yield but very! slowly even to the stern logic of facts. If a Roman . Catholic, therefore, complains, of the ? Establishment as a grievance, he; is at once credited with all the evil and! traitorous ' designs to which we have , alluded. ' If a Protestant layman, anxious that the, obstacles which have so long impeded the pro-| gress-of Reformation in this country, advocates! reform; he is at once, set down as a Dissenter, j or perhaps 'a. Jesuit in disguise.' If a clergy-;' man, who has laboured lung to suppress his con-j ? victiqns . with regard to the evils that prevail ini the 'Church which he loves, feels the;fire,turnmg| withni ihim so that he can be silent no longer, and he; gives expression to what he believes to be truths , of vital importance, he is at once branded and denounce,,. , langerous man. The sentence of condejg^ uttered behind his back by the lips ofmTOhop passes down through the ranks of th WBgS-. and the reformer is shunned, snubbed, i ?||sfoed, and virtually excommunicated. TMT,; of ecclesiastical ostracism against every n3:ister whom a sensfe of duty to the Divine Head of the Church con strains to utter his sentiments freely on questions of the deepest interest to the Church itself, as well as to the country, has the effect of estab lishing a sort of diocesan terrorism, which few men are courageous enough to face. But how are reforms to be effected if no person dares to point out abuses ? Nothing can be said against any clerical advocate of Church reform worse than was said against Martin Luther ; but what Protestant now laments that Luther was not silent ? . 'As a matter of fact, however, the terrorism, in question has had a powerful effect on the Irish clergy, and it is only recently that some, amongst them have ventured to assert their rights— men of snch position and character as to be proof equally against intimidation and calumny. Amongst the evils which the enforced reticence of the clergy has tended to foster is one which has been little noticed, though of great magni tude — the tyranny of the bishops. There have been, many of them too amiable and upright, too deeply imbued with the Christian spirit, to be guilty of oppression towards their clergy1;; but there are unfortunately others who have manifested that combination of selfishness, ar rogance, and vindictiveness, clothed in a pretence of transcendental piety, which constitutes the most hateful of all characters — a spiritual tyrant. - It is not an agreeable task to reveal the secrets of a prison-house, to tear away false . pretences, . and to bring to light acts of despotism and eruel wrongs inflicted upon Christian brethren by prelates who have always put themselves ior ward as the very paragons of scriptural Protes tantism. , But it is a task which cannot be evaded in the prosecution of the present inquiry. In the interest of Protestanism and of the Church, the truth of this subject must be spoken. .It ' never has been spoken hitherto, and therefore this report amazes and irritates certain parties. The more devoted awd dependent friends of the bishops are very indignant, but when the* ques tion is put them whether these things are true, and whether, if true, they ought not be pub lished, they are silent. They may denounce the writer, but they cannot deny the facts. What 1 have felt it my duty to say of the Bishop of Meath and the Bishop of Ossory is admitted by their own clergy to be rather an understate ment than an exaggerated representation. It should be added, however, that the Bishop of Cssory is not a worshipper of mammon. He does generous things with his money, and I know one case in which he has paid a curate for' doing the duty of an estimable clergyman who was obliged to live on the Continent for a ,con-~ siderable time on atcount of his health. 'The few thoughtful men with 'independent' minds who entertain liberal sentiments, even in the asylum of conscience, labouring int the dioceses subject to the rule of Bishop Daly, feel that they have a hard lot, They, are ; cut, snubbed, treated. with tudenessj' which would scarcely be credited if not vouched for on the most undoubted testimony, and have to struggle against neglect and persecution. It is in vain for any Government to expect that the clergy of the Established Church will co-operate in any wise and liberal measures demanded by the cir cumstances of the times and progress of the age, while they leave to intolerant bishops uncontroll able power to oppress them — bishops - whose boast amounts in eifects to this, that they have held the same sentiments unchanged for half a century, and that age, observation, experience, reading, have brought them nothing ; and who openly deny that men can be honest or con scientious who have advanced with the age. . It is a cruel injustice to leave educated men and their families at the mercy, for their daily bread, of a prelate of this stamp. One effect is that. men of learning, ability, and independence, I abandon the diocese to ' illiterate persons' and i sycophants ready to do what may be required I and to take the course in which they are to J succeed. It is a serious evil, a crying injustice, i which, unhappily, prevails too generally in the „ Irish Church, that in each diocese the system of promotion varies according to the religious party or the politics of the bishop. In Ossory and Cashel no man favouring the National Board, no Liberal in politics, no High Church man, has the least chance, though he be endowed with every Christian virtue, though the most active and learned of clergymen and emin j ently distinguished in literature, as well | as by '.: his ministerial gifts and - labours. j In Dublin, with the late archbishop, none but one I section of the clergy obtained promotion ; with the present archbishop its blessings are said; to be confined to another section, ;both passing'over . the third section, which was the most numerous * and active, though not the most largeminded .or the most learned ; but they were the most popular and the most generally respected and influential.; yet they were left by' both those archbishops i in the cold shade of exclusion. There is breadth enough in the Church itself, and, in it3 Articles and Formularies, to embrace all shades of jtheo logical opinion ; and promotion in England is regulated by a due regard to this fact. It is very different in Ireland. Here, true liberallity is, unfortunately, rare in any class, and it is vain to expect it in the most absolute ., and irrespon cible of all cllasses — the bishops of the Estab lished Church , But if the ,Church of Ireland .? is to be preserved, and is. to.. .become... what— .owing to various evil influences, it, has, never been hitherto — a thoroughly free Protestant institu tion, some legal restraints must be introduced to contract or limit the dangerous pow,er-bwhich the unrestrained exercise of large and. rich patronage confers upon the bishops.' Mr. /Vfilkie Collins is engaged in dramatising Mb recently completed novel, ** j^rmadkle.' ' ' 