LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST PETER'S CHURCH, PANBULA. (FROM OUR PANBULA COBRE8PONDENT.) The first stone of the new CatholicChurch of St. Peter's was laid on Monday, the 6th inst., by the Rev. Pastor Father Slattery, in the presence of a numerous concourse of people from the districts of Eden and Bega. From an early hour pedestrians and equestrians came pouring in from all quarters of the country, eager to he present at the imposing ceremony. The weather was beautiful, and the township of Panbula wore an unusually gay appear- ance. At 12 o'clock the procession was formed in Ballara Square, in the following order:—First, Cross-bearer, with a young lad on each side with lighted tapers; the boys of the Sunday Catechism-class with their teachers, two and two; banner, borne by boy and girl, with a cross at the top, encircled with these words, "In this sign we conquer," on the centre three large letters, P. C. C., Pan- bula Catholic Church, and at the foot, the year of our Lord, 1866; the girls of the Sunday Catechism-class with their teacher; the building committee and members of the church; the Rev. Pastor, habited in amict, alb, vincture and stole. During the procession the choir, as- sisted by the ladies of the Eden church choir, chaunted the Litany of the Blessed Virgin in a masterly style. Having arrived on the grounds, the Rev. Pastor read a letter from the Very Rev. the Vicar General, in which he expressed his regret at not being able to attend, for that on the same day a very important meeting was to be held in Sydney, at which his presence was absolutely required. The stone was then laid according to the form prescribed in the Roman Ritual. The Antiphon "Signum Salutis Pone" being intoned and the 83 psalm being chanted the celebrant proceeded to bless the stone, repeating the prayers "Domine Deus" and. "Domine Jesu Christi." These prayers ended, he sprinkled it with holy water signing it at the same time with the sign of the cross on the ends and sides. The psalm 126, beginning nisi " Dominus aedificaverit do- anum," being next chanted, the stone was placed in its proper position. A document was placed in a bottle under the stone, the following of which is a copy :—"In fide 'Jesu Christi, primarium capidum hujus ecclesiae in honorum S. Petri Apostolo dedicatae collocavit multis Christi fidelibus assistientibus Rev. P. Slattery, die 6 Augusti anno Salutis 1866, Pio Papa IX felicite, reg- nante Joanne Beda Archiepiscopo Sidneiensus Victoria Brittaniarum Regina, Rev. P. Slattery Presby. Missio, Eden ct Begat Joanne Jago architects." The celebrant repeating the following beautiful prayer: In the faith of Jesus Christ we place this first stone in this foundation, in the name of the Father and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost that the true faith may flourish here, and the fear of God, and fraternal lore, and that this place may be consecrated to prayer, and to the invocation and praising the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, who with the Father and the Holy Ghost liveth and reigneth for ever and ever. Amen. The stone being laid the celebrant walked round the foundation repeating the anthem, O quam "Metuen- dus est locus iste," and the psalm 86, after which the cere- mony was concluded by singing the (prayers, Ommipotens Deus, and Deus qui, &c.; The Rev. Pastor addressed the people, taking for his text the following words from the second book of Kings, chapter VII, verse V : "And the word of the Lord came to Nathan saying, go to my servant Daniel. Thus saith tbe Lord, shall thou build me a house to dwell in." At the conclusion of the discourse, which was listened to with great attention, an offering was made on the foundation stone, and in a few minutes the handsome sum of £29 17s. 6d. was subscribed. I am sure it was highly gra- tifying to our Rev. Pastor, and to the Catholics of the dis- trict generally, to see the interest which many of the Protestant gentleman of the neighborhood took in the proceedings, and the cheerfulness with which they laid down their subscriptions. There was a total abstinence of sectarian feeling, for one grand sentiment seemed to animate all—that the building so happily begun may be brought to a glorious completion. A spacious marque was erected near the grounds in which the children of the town and parties who came from a distance were plenti- fully supplied with ham, roast meat, cakes, tea, and pastry. A few select gentlemen were entertained by our Pastor at Mr. Behle's Public, house, amongst whom were, G. P. Keon, Esq., P.M., Captain Lloyd, R.N., J.P., J. W. Bennett, Esq., J.P., S. Solomon, Esq., J.P., C. M. Bradley, Esq., Mr. G. F. Tressilian, Mr. W. Keon Mr. R. Kirby, Mr. C. D. Hays, &c.; After justice bad been done to the good things provided by Mr. Behl, Father Slattery read a letter from James Manning, Esq., expressing his regret at not be- ing able to attend and another from Mr. R. W. Sharpe, to the same effect, the note contained £1, being that gen- tleman's subscription towards the erection of the church. Several toasts having been proposed and responded to, the party separated, evidently gratified at the happy manner in which the day's proceedings were conducted. Fire. —On Saturday, the 4tb inst., Mr. C. H. Witton's store at Candalo was totally destroyed by fire, and property to the value of £150 burned. We hare gleaned the following particulars as to the accident:—The fire was first discovered about 4 o'clock a.m., by the storekeeper, Johnson, who seems to have been bereft of his senses; . having rushed to the well for water, which, being rather low, he could not reach, and very stupidly jumped into it; he could not get out of it again until his cries were heard by a young man who was staying on the premises that night, and who pulled him out. When they reached the house with the bucket of water it nearly extinguished the fire; and Johnson states that another couple of buckets of water would have put it out entirely; but the delay consequent on the foolish act of jumping into the well allowed the fire to get too great a hold of the previses, and the result was the total destruction of the place. It is not known how the fire originated, but it is supposed that a spark from the chimney lodging in the roof during the evening caused it. Bega Parsonage.—A Good Examplk.—The Bev. J. L. Kniglit received a letter only a few days ago from a gentleman in the district, enclosing a handsome donation of five guineas to the Bega Parsonage Fund (with the promise of another donation when the building is completed), and informing him also that his two little boys are both anxious to help the good work; accordingly, with a view to put their good intention into better practice, the eldest is going tosell a fat bullock, and, from the proceeds, give a donation of five shillings. The second is go iug to sell a fat pig, and will give half-a-trowi. Now, without wishing to tax the market to imitate their good examples (for we must leave it to the liberality and good taste of the people to do more or less, as they please) yet we may safely offer them as a wise suggestion, and a first stimulus to our young friends. We may further add that about £15 have been given and collected by the scholars of St. John's day and Sunday school, and there is reason yet to believe that another £15 will be raised amongst them, as the example here quoted is no less than that of ; two of the same scholars. We cannot but think that they will quickly be followed by their school-fellows and other young friends in so good an enterprise, unless we have altogether mistaken the disposition which pervades them. Tenderb.—The tender of Mr. John Spence has been accepted for the work to be done at Dr. Xing's and Mac\x=req-\ Namara's fences, for the 6um of £80. Court o? Petty Sessions will be held in Bega on Tuesday next, August 21st. Mails fob England.—Letters by this mail must be posted at Bega, not later than Sunday, the 19th inst., us the mail leaves Sydney on Friday the 24th. Head Centre Stephens and the Ahemcah Fk\x=req-\ ! nuns.—Writing to (he Timet on the 18th of May, the Philadelphia correspondent of that journal saysThe American continent has lately been honoured by the arrival of two notorious personages—Head Centre Stephens and General Santa Anna—both in the ardent pursuit of republic® under difficulties, The arrival of Stephens, if it lxas done anything, has proved the utter hopeleumeBi of the Fenian cauBe. He wishes to cure the dissensions in the order, but the Roberts faction repudiate him, and the great bulk of the Irish people are withdrawing from ,tbe Fenian movement. Three daya ago, StepbenB was "welcomed" by a Fenian meeting at Jones' Woods, near Now York. It was a tame affair, but a small body of people, variously estimated from 6000 to 16.000, being present, and very little enthusiasm being manifested. Stephens was the only speaker,'and he gave the history of the Fenian movement m Ireland, stating that it began on St * " Patrick's Day, 1858, and daring tbe first year £1500 was contributed in aid of it from tbe United States. From these funds the Irish People newspaper was established in Dublin. ' In 1864 Stephens visited America, and sent to the Fenians in Ireland £1200. He then returned, and in 1865 £2000 was sent from America. He statei that at the clpae of 1865 the organration in Ireland numbered 200,000, of whom 50,000 were well disciplined and 50,000 othefspartially drilled. After indulging iitaoni* strange remarks about the Fenian strength being able to overcome England on account of her military weakness Mr. Stephens described his arrest and escape, and said the opportunity for rising in Ireland was past. He sail if in November last a small foree and enough pecunUty aid had been sent from America, lie thought Ireland would have been an independent country to-day, and that tbe Fenians in Ireland always lboked to America more for money to purchase the munitions of war than men. Stephens said nothing of his plans for the future^ and probably has none, and his Speech is regarded as a virtue admission that the '' cause" has exploded. So far from reconciling the factions, his visit has only made them fight the more fiercely, and the Roberts men are determined to have nothing to do with him. Since Mahony has been disposed, thte affairs have been investigated, and but 500 dollars have been found in tbe treasury^ Then is said to be a deficit of 50,000 dollars that the parties implicated refused to explain. Of course in such a statft of affairs, contributions have almost ceased. The exhibitions of dishonesty laid bare by these investigations aro almost as bad as those shown up in the National ftm»y swindle at Washington. Stephens will soon start front New York on a tour over the United States. 