LETTERS TO THIS. EDITOR,. THE REV. J. FLETOHER'S LETTERS. Sir— Mr. Fletcher's Iott3r cUted Dao. 7. 1865, is, I think you will a,jraa with m.% ono of tha mail; part, ?lir- rogant, and contsmptibla- worded Iefctar3 eirar penned by this bliok-oaitod gautle;mn. It comm3nce3 with a kind of solf-digniflad contempt to those to whom he has a grudge— 'if you and others, &3., &c;, talknon senae about ma a3 your servant, and otharirije insult ma' Now, sir, doe? not tho eamrnenuom-jnt con irey an air of salf proud, arrogant importanco,and quick in tho spirit of reiontmaat by ropadiatinj the very idaa af being servant to I-Io33ra. J. H. and othara. I think, sir, a minister's place is to be servant to all — to pD33O33 a jentlo lamb-lika, disposition, and, if aa injury bj dj.ia to himself, to bear it with a gontlo and forgiving spirit, —not prone to anger, nor given to revenge, at this gen tlemiu appears to be. He goua on to say ha hi] only abstracted asts of injustice. Cjuld ho not hwo given the public a stiteimafc before this angar has wrung from him this n*l nUiion, for w'aiu'ii.t'iay njed not now fch-ink him, for hi'l it bizri p73jp)le for a oro53 m'nbtor md a qucar IJannsU to hwa ajreel, tho public would never havo been the -.vhor for thair doinjs. He says, when mi?'.taiam3nt3 aro cantn lictol anl the truth is discovered the public will thxik him. For what, I ai'c ? Is it for T^hvt 1113 boon Vi-unj troji him, aad fraai th2 very biStornuss of his soal ? So urish so good. Offceu good sucaaad evil doiugs Ho speak-i of being prepared to continuo this work, hut only until allpi3t liabilities, &c;, are cleared oil, an.l hu it froad from boing impli cated in trans icfcious whi-jh ho 3ay3 he cannot approve of. Surely this gonblo:n.vn is oi a very dalicate and sensitive nature, but, strange to my, not very frank, for wJiile here he should hive told tha publics something of the wrong goings on, foi?it vnxib surely hi I its com mencement while hawaiivlth xu ; anl ha concludes this sontonsa by siyin;;, l\t^^Sab this I hava not avoided trouble, nir spiral tiia i^mj ha reiuired for other duties.' I supposo, than* wo jm\y rightly and jujtly infer, to do so ho hw lefi^unlona important duties. I can, my32lf, gi\'J him credit for thi3, but it is credit for doing that which does not redound to his credit, viz., to let looue tho demon of his own vindiefcivenoss, and that for a discerning publio to behold, and which ia calculated to set tho fears of all thinking, ratioual-mindod individual* at variiuoo. Ho speaks of not shrinking f.oin oxplainiug the sourcoa of influence ho can bring on certain membors of tho committee, knowing, a3 I do, mitters between you and theni. -urely the ghost of Hamlet is nothing to this, tl e says you will serve your own intorost3 not to force him to explain things in self-defonce. Now, it is an old saying, the receiver is worse than the thief; if so, surely he must be worai for knowing all and concealing all until temper has wrested ths ? kjfc vestige of brute spleen. When he says he has succeeded in completing his duties in this matter, meaning, I presume, a little more spleen, he should not hesitate to hand over the papers which are now in hiB rightful keeping to one rightly appointad to receive thorn. I suppose if, by chance, Air.. 11. should bo ona in favour of tho appoin ted one, or should himself be tho appointed, I doubt not he would deom it a sutlbionfc c.v.i3e for withholding the said documents. .vo much for M3 gentlemanly cour tesy ; aye, I may say ho is not alone, for generally thoy aro of a tyrannical naturo, they scorn to think and aot ns though all else wore but subservient to their doings. Thank God their day of intolerance is for. over gone AVo need not groan under ecclesiastical powor, but can bask in the sunshine of liberty with the bano of clerical misdoings in times gone by as our beacon of safety in preventing too groat an approach to olden time3. He says, 'your thanks I shall regard as dishonour, your com mendation my severest censure.' Knowing the history of your life, 1 never could lower myself to the position of your servant in any sense. O, what an admission of faith in a man's transfix state. Surely there can be no longer need of his exhortations if wo aro so ir retrievably lost, but one thing we, know, his master thought nor acted in this arbitrary manner. Cannot tho public boo something of the hireling in his ministry. I trust, then, that wo shall see no more of this frothy vengeance, but that, as a man, he will for tho future bridle temper, and cultivate a more admirable spirit with every good will. I remain, dear sir, your ouedient sorvant, ALEX. STEELE. 