a -plan r. -a- '"i i 'M s V PARLIAMENT OF TASMANIA. HOUSE OF ASSEMBLY. Tuesday, August 28th, 1866. The House at 4 o'clock. The Speaker took the chair. petitions. Mr. LETTE presented a petition from Mr. William Hart, Acting-Mayor as the chairman of a public meeting at Launceston, against the Property and Income Tax Bill. . Road and received. Mr. DAVIES presented a petition from Joseph Lowe' of Emu Bay, for redress in consequence of damage sustained through an error of a surveyor in the survey of lands at St. Mary's Plains, in the county of Devon, NOTICES OF MOTION. L Mr J. MEREDITH to move that there be laid r on the table of this House a tabular account of the cost of immigration since 1859 to date of return being furnished, and the stipends so paid, and to whom, up Mr. J. MEREDITH to move for a return of all imports at the port of Swansea ; the amount of duty received upon such imports ; the number and tonnage of vessels cleared and entered ; such return to commence from the date Swansea was declared a port of entry. (Thursday. Mr. MURRAY to move on Thursday next 1. That the present state of the colony, which demands 1 the increase of taxation, is viewed with universal alarm as to its future. 2. That the constitution of this colony is of too cumbrous and comprehensive a character to be borne by its limited population and small resources. 3. That with a failing revenue, stagnant population, and declining trade, a measure for relief is now urgently demanded. 4. That the restrictions upon commerce, consequent upon our total alienation from the sister colony of Victoria, is one great reason for the general depression that pre- vails! 5. That the annexation of Tasmania to Victoria naring a liberal representation in the parlia- ment of that country, would cement the interests of both open to Tasmania a permanent market for all its products, and relieve her from a major part of the taxation she has now to hear. 6. That such annexa- tion would be the means of inviting Victorian colonists to this colony for tho purpose of erecting manufactories, and thus giving employment to her population. 7\. That under these circumstances this House is of opinion that no measure can be devised so well calculated for the revival of the commerce of Tas., -has as:sa nr fa trifle "Mil to inquire mama, ino rcsuabiwinu,. w. .%.*, -5-7, 6..- --3 -. prosperity than one for its annexation to the province of Victoria. Mr. WALKER to move when the report of the committee on the estimates is brought up, that it I may be recommitted for the purpose of reconsidering the following items The salary of the clergyman of the Church of England, ditto ditto Church of Rome to the Hospital for the Insane, New Norfolk. I Mr. DOBSON to move for leave to bring in a bill to amend the 10th Vict. No. 1 (Thursday.) ' [ Mr. DOBSON to move that it is desirable to establish postal communication with England via Panama on similar terms to those on which Victoria j now enjoys the benefit of that communication. (Thursday.) j REPORT. [ . Mr. BALFE brought up a progress report from the printing committee. j ' ' Arrives. The TREASURER laid on the table return of 3 persons carrying the inland mails. ! | Regulations for carrying out the SucccssionsDuties f Act. I Report of the Hobart Town reformatory and i industrial schools, Hobart Town. J i Correspondence between the inhabitants of Little S Oyster Cove and the government in 1301. ' g ' PERSONAL EXPLANATION. , I Mr. DAVIES, before the orders of the day were called, wished to make a personal explanation. ! It would be in the recollection of the House that on Friday night when the property and income tax bill ! I was under consideration the hon. and learned Attorney-General took occasion to say that he (Mr. S | Danes) had insinuated a falsehood to that House, 3 p find he commented strongly upon it, and he (Mr. 3 Davies) had no opportunity without interrupting the I debate to explain the circumstances ; but he could not allow the expression to go abroad without an Î | explanation. Hon. gentlemen would remember that a (ho thought on that night week) the Attorney- S General drew attention to what he facetiously, as some members thought, termed a breach of privi- ' lodge, in respect to an article which had appeared in ; one of the journals of the town, which had assumed certain matters as to the working of the property and income tax Act, by the aid of the Municipalities, ), and had misled certain newspapers in the North, which he (the Attorney-General) said was untrue and as far as he was concerned he endeavored to J show that it was so. But he (Mr. Davies) took occasion, (laughing at the idea of making it a question E of privilege, and putting it in the light of a joke, as he intended it, and as other J hon. members must have considered it of a asking the hon, and learned member if he under- took to say that the information was not supplied by his own government, or a member of his own govern- c ment? That gentleman said certainly not, he he would not undertake to say so, but if such infor- c nation had been given it was untrue. It was a more ' joke, although the Attorney-General did not seem to A think it a joke, nor was he aware of the circum- J stances until the next day, when the lion, and learned gentleman said he had questioned his colleagues. a I (Too Attorney-General ; I questioned every one of J 1 my colleagues.) He (Mr. Davies) know one whom I § he had questioned; he happened to be in conversation J I had laughed at it as a joke. Yet that was taken J H advantage of in the course of a serious debate, when the Attorney-General spoke of it as a falsehood, J H although he (Mr. Davies) had no intention of having J 3 more than a joke, and remarked that he had had a some fun with him, and, literally speaking, sold him. l It was an absurdity to bring forward as a breach of j I privilogowlintwasmerolyujokofronibogiiiningto ond, j and he (Mr. Davies) denied his right to take ad- j S vantage of a private conversation, to make an attack ' S on a political opponent. Occupying the position he J i (Mr. Danes) did in this country, he should be guilty j S of deliberate scoundrelism to make public what he is laid heard in private conversation. What would the * % hon.' and learned Attorney-General say if he were to J ¡j divulge what had been told him of the proceedings > j! ofthoExoeutivo Council, or the Cabinet, with re- l a poet to the hon. member for Launceston, as to the M omission of his name from the Commission of the ' 3 l\\)ace,or conversations he had had with a very exalted 1 £1 personage.- The SPEAKER: I think the hon. member is 1 if going beyond a personal explanation ; he is now H Whiting matter which would call for a reply. He is a quite at liberty to state anything within the limits of a a personal explanation.. gg McMURRAY-: -I trust if there is any reflection ' 1 onmotlrat the hon. member will be allowed to state j a what he heard. 'I say that, Sir, in justice to myself. I ask it from the House'. I trust I shall be made aware of it.' - ' ' Mr DAVIES : I may explain that I had no inter? then of saying what the Attorney-General, or any ' other individual, told me in private conversation ; my words were, supposing I did say it, I considered such conduct would lower a man to the very depths of degradation. ' 'The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said if what the hon. member, had stated was true, he had done what he had denounced, for he had insinuated that which Vii deliberately false. As to repeating private con- situation, no one considered private conversations i more sacred than himself. The hon. member said it I was done in a joke ; but those around him, the hon. member for Hobart Town, Mr. Adams, he thought, 1 being one, would bear him out that the hon, member I (Mr. Davies) said " Why one of your own colleagues $ told me it," and he appealed to the hon. gentleman whether he did not say, " Can you say that one of your own colleagues did not say so r" (Mr. Davies : My words were "one of the members of the govern- mont.") He (the Attorney-General) was staggered at the time, because the members of the government had not all seen the bills, and he did not know that the hon. member was not the victim of a legitimate ruse sometimes practised on him in his endeavors to gain information which was afterwards found not to be true. He (the Attorney-General) met the hon, member the next day, he forgot which commenced the subject, or whether he (the Attorney-General) told him that that which he had said was untrue, but the hon. member laughed and said it was only a joke, He (the Attorney-General) said it was no joke, and he would bring it before the House. Mr. MURRAY hoped the hon, and learned At Aston.. and -the Y" ,,"ll"l "" 4" million which Iliad references to him (Mr. Murray). Mr. DOUGLAS: I understood hon, member for Devon to put it " Supposing the Attorney Gene rol lind said so and he." Mr. MURRAY conceived that the Attorney Gene ral should explain in justice to him (Mr. Murray), he called on him to do so, and he should look on him as cowardly if he did not. The SPEAKER The hon. member is out of order, call on the orders of the day. MU, OAXSmiM, AND GOVERNMENT. HILLS. Mr. (CANSDELL must he wished to call on the hon, and learned Attorney-General to give a denial to a rumor that he (Mr. Cansdell) was receiving pay from the government, and that he had drafted the Income Tax and Railway Bills. Mr. DAVIES rose to order, and submitted that the question could not be uuHWorod without being ' put in the usual form. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL : Unless the person questioned dispenses with it and I dispense with it, and say if such a suggestion has been made it is not true. I have had no communication with that hon. and learned member as to any hills now before the House, but two : one is the Jury and Jurors Bill, which was drafted and printed was sent to him and the other legal members for their suggestions, which I have not yet received, but hope to do from the hon. member (Mr. Cansdell), and also the hon, member for Campbell Town and Hobart Town Mr. Adams). I'timo's one other bill on which there has been some communication, the Joint Stock Companies Bill. The hon. member mot ino and asked If it were the intention of the government to bring in the English IT Consolidated Bill. 1 said it was not, and when the bill was drafted it was sent to the hon. and learned Member, with a request that as he took an interest in the question he would state any suggestions or objections. I will further state that the hon, and learned member has received no pecuniary compensation, and to this moment he has not received thanks. I have had less communication with the hon. member than almost any member of the opposition, not to say members on the government side. POSTPONEMENTS. The second reading of the Jurors and Juries Bill, and Licencing Act Amendment Bill, was postponed till Tuesday the second reading of Wests Land's Act Amendment Bill till to-morrow and the second reading of the Debentures Bill till Friday next. ORDERS OF THE DAY. RAILWAY COMMISSION. The House went into committee on the railway commission. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL road the resolution, namely : That the House resolve itself into a committee of the whole to consider the expediency of the appointment of a commission to enquire into the practicability of constructing at national cost a railway between Hobarton and Launceston, as to the probable receipts, working expenses of such a line, and the best method of constructing the same with reference to the circumstances of the colony. Such commission to have power to direct a full and perfect parliamentary survey of such line, and the sum of £10,000 be put upon the estimates for such purpose. He said in originally moving the resolution to the House, hon. members would recollect that he read from a paper he said he had prepared, in his box, some months back, but he was led to bring on the motion somewhat prematurely, in consequence of the hon. member for Westbury bringing on a motion similar in character, but not be extensive as he contemplated, for if the House voted for the motion of the hon. member alone the whole of the objects of a survey, would not be obtained. He had mentioned that his proposal had reference to the construction of a railway at the national cost, and the paper no referred to contained the policy he was prepared to advocate on the subject. The motion was brought on suddenly, and it appeared too lengthy, whereupon he desired to have it cut down, and asked hon. member for Hobart Town (Mr. Cansdell to reduce it into shape, that hon. member having taken a strong interest in the subject. He did reduce it as it stood now ; the words " at the national cost" were not in the resolution, having by some means dropped out. The subject matter involved the position that the railway, if constructed at all, must be at the national cost, inasmuch as if it were simply to be at private cost, or local cost, it would have been embraced under the measure before the House, and there would be no necessity for such a motion at all. And, therefore, when hon. members were considering the resolution, he trusted they would understand the meaning of the resolution to be for a committee or commission to enquire into the practicability of constructing a national line between this and Launceston, and therefore out of the national funds. The hon. and learned member said he should ask for an alteration in the wording of the resolution to the effect that instead of the £10,000 to be put on the ostimnf the be borne out of expenditure of the year, it should be borne in the same way as other public works were borne. There had been a great deal of misunderstanding as to the object of the motion that object he explained, and showed that a survey would be useful to guide future operations, and that if a main line were constructed, the railway bill would facilitate the constructing of feeding lines. But should it not be practicable to undertake the main line at once, they might find it practicable to construct portions, say at Lochend, leaving the intervening portions to be constructed afterwards. Or it might be that the report of the commission would show the impracticability of the undertaking, under the circumstances of the colony, and that would settle the minds of many who were favorable to the work. But he (the Attorney-General), hoped, if not trusted, that the labors of the committee might show that the opinions of members within the House, and of a large number of persons out of the House, were well founded, and that a line might be constructed at such a low rate of cost that the country might feel the immediate advantage of proceeding with the work, and that the work might be proceeded with. He (the Attorney-General) should be delighted if it were so. The measure had been brought forward year after year, and he confessed that on looking into the subject, seeing what had been done in other countries, and what was proposed to be done at home, in the cheap construction of railways, his opinion of the impossibility of constructing a main line had I been shaken. He said he had road,, among ' other works, Captain Plym's "Gate of the Pacific," which contained a report of Mr. Griffin, an engineer, as to a cheap line across Panama. 1 The hon. member here read from the book referred to showing that a railway could be constructed with a nil material, at tho rate of £4,000 a mile, and that where they had a favorable country that sum might be very considerably reduced. He said that lines of railway need not be so costly as many people assumed they must be, and it was desirable to cut down expenditure in a new country. The value of such suggestions as he had quoted from practical men was very great, and tended to convince them that a thing might be practicable which '? they then thought impracticable, because they looked at its impracticability from the view of what had been the past coat of railways in the mother country, and in other colonies. All must admit that some time or other railways must be constructed, the country could not got ahead if it was without the means of rapid communication. Some said the rail- ' way would cost a million, others said it would only cost six or seven thousand pounds, and there was a great variety of opinions on the subject, which must all be conjectural, The result of the proposed expenditure would be to show the exact cost of constructing the railway. If the result went to show that the cost would be a million, i he believed it would still be wholesome, if it were a fact to ascertain the fact because, if it be a fact, and the met be ascertained, they should then more cheer- I fully wait for the time when they would be proposition to construct a line. It would be impossible for the country to construct a railway at the cost of one < million, the very interest- required, would amount to from 70 to' 80 thousand pounds a year, which would have to be borne by taxation. On the other hand if the result of the enquiry was to show that a railway could be constructed at something like £1,000 of mile, ' then he believed it would be the duty of the country i to construct it. At all events the country would be in a position to judge when that report was received whether the work was practicable, whether it was to be done, or whether it was not to be done. That was the great advantages which would be obtained by such a commission. The i hon. member for Westbury had said that he would prefer a committee instead of a commission, as they would be responsible for Parliament. He agreed personally with that hon. member, and the only reason that the word commission was inserted was, that if the members were carefully chosen, if members were chosen, who would do the work properly, because it must not be supposed that the work could be done in a session, it would take not less than 12 months to got the information. He said if the members were carefully chosen, and consisted of those who were prepared to give up their time and go into the matter with a will, then he should be glad to see the members of that commission consisting entirely of members of the two Houses of Parliament, who would be responsible not only for expenditure, but for the opinions that they advanced, and who would be in a position afterwards to defend their opinions. On the other hand the only reason why a commission should be appointed was, because the work must necessarily extend until after the prorogation of parliament, and even in the event of a dissolution, it would be desirable that the work should go on, in order to be brought to a conclusion as soon as possible, and with a commission that could be done. The only reason why the expression commission was placed in the resolution was because it would consist of different persons, and because its labors would extend through the year. The hon. member for Westbury considered that the survey might be done at a cost of £5000 ; he (the Attorney-General) did not know whether it could or could not, but he thought they would both agree that if such a survey was to be obtained, it should be obtained from an eminent engineer that there should be nothing wanting that it should be such a survey would allow them to work upon it immediately, if they resolved that the work be carried out. last linaMna His railway flin pnmmittOO Would be ill 0 position to obtain every kind of necessary evidence, they ought not only to obtain of evidence in this country, but obtain evidence of the Moving of lines in other count a loss They ought to give calculations Knowing what the products of the colony might be expected to be conveyed along the line, in fact, there ought to be a mass of information obtained, and therefore he had placed the sum of £10,000 on the motion, not as interesting to know the cost, but he believed the commission ought not to be cramped by want of funds He therefore trusted that from what he had said, the committee would be prop road to no one to the proposis thereby giving illinois its satisfaction to the country (No, no ) He said ) oh, and thought that the hon members who made no, wore under the impression that it would be feasible to commence a railway day without enquiry and without a run of (1)0,00,) and that that House or any legislature should clinch) declare that wheat or the result might be the work should be done He said that a legislature that would make such a resolution us that, having no information before it, would be unworthy the course of a deliberate body Ilofuro any reasonable man, an) tuugmno enthusiast on the subject of missus, could give a const continue vote in favor of the work being carried out, he should be in a position to justify) that opinion li) furnishing the legislature with lulialilnin- formation as to what it would cost, so therefore the passing of that resolution would gave universal satisfaction (No) He trusted it would receive the assent of the committee Mr DAVIES a and the lion AU )rno\ -General was in error in stating that the resolution iluiruud.wouM give universal satisfaction He bellin ed it would give any thing but satisfaction He (Mr Dim tea) but proved nothing earthly would get h ilwuictioii in connection with the Railway) movement, and lo3Sthogo>uiiuneiit took upon themselves therapeutic bills) of initiating the measure, and of making the necessary) enquiries, instead of shaking the measure Did he understand the hon Attorney) -General to say that it was a government proposal P The ATTORNEY-GENERAL It is a government proposal Mr DAVIES Is it a part of the railway policy of the government i The ATTORNEY-GENERAL 1 It in a part of it Mr DAVIES stud he Had not understood the hon and learned member to say) so before, and he could not see why, if that was part and parcel of the government railway policy, the government should not take the responsibility of making the enquiries them selves, instead of appointing a commission who wore irresponsible. It was an irresponsible body that they would delegate the powers of the government to, and it would not give confidence to the people who were interested in the project. That was the only point to which he cared to draw the attention of the committee. At that moment he (Mr. Davies) believed that all people in Tasmania desired was to ascertain the cost of constructing a railway, as to the practicability there was no doubt, for engineering skill had been brought to such perfec- tion that nothing was impracticable with regard to engineering, and nothing was impracticable where sufficient money was to be had to carry out the project. All therefore that the hon. Attorney-General had stated with regard to the on quiry into the practicability or impracticability was totally set aside. It was absurd to talk about the im- practicability of such a work as the main line of railway between Hobart Town and Launceston. He believed it should be done, and that the government is serious should take upon itself the responsibility ofenquiringinto thomattor,roporting what the expense would be, and then saying boldly and fairly, the cost is of such a magnitude that we do not feel disposed to go on with it. There could be no doubt credit would be given to any government that would take such a course. But they proposed to appoint a commission the report of which would not pledge the government to anything, and cost the country £10,000. He believed that to give such an irresponsible body £10,000 was a mistake. Any government that wished a public work should be carried out, should have the moral courage to enter into the necessary enquiries themselves, and bear the responsibility. Fri- A mt -i-ii-1_!.:_"»:- 1.. ii w" n," january -Lum, was mu carry unseeing on runs in the scheme, because it would throw the whole matter of enquiry over until next session, and then the commissioners' report waste be brought up and discussed, and in the event of the House not agreeing with the report, the whole thing would have to be commenced again. If the government, rather than take the course they were taking, would adopt the suggestion of the hon. member for Westbury, to appoint a joint committee of both Houses of the Legislature, the report would be then brought up. and the government, he presumed, acting in concert with the committee, would be to some extent responsible for the report so brought up. He believed that so far as to the proposal of the government giving satisfaction, it would have the effect of showing to every man outside of the House that the government were trying to throw dust into their eyes, and to get rid of the question for another year. That was how the matter would be viewed by every railway man. He hoped the government would adopt the suggestion of Mr. Douglas, and appoint a committee giving them a sufficient sum of money to carry out their enquiries. and they would inform the House he precise cost of carrying out such a work as would set the matter at rest one way or another. (Hear.) Mr. CANSDELL confirmed the statement of the Attorney-General as to the words "national cost" being in the original resolution. He did not think there was one hon. member present who could doubt for a moment his sincerity with regard to the main line of railway. He had labored in that cause rather severely for a very long period, and had given a very great deal of attention to the subject, and no one would, he thought, doubt for one moment that he was earnest and sincere in wishing to see the main line of railway commenced as early as. possible. He commenced with those observations simply because he felt he could not support the proposition before the House. (Hear.) As to the practicability of the construction of the main line of railway, he thought that could in no way be questioned. He had in his youth such opportunities as would have allowed him, if he had chosen, to turn his attention to railways, and consequently he was not unacquainted with the subject. He had consulted the most eminent engineer in the whole world Sir Charles Fox, and at a proper time would put before the House such statements as would show the practicability of constructing a railway, quite sufficient for the purpose of this island for a century, at £3,000 a mile, provided they avoided as many cuttings and embankments as possible If that sum was not sufficient, there was no choice but to adopt a railway taking the shortest road from point to point, in which case they could not,' in this small! island, escape the necessity of making cuttings and embankments. He apprehended that such a railway would not be constructed for less than 9 or 10 thousand pounds. ] a mile. In Queensland they were promised a 3 foot 6 inches gauge railway to be constructed at an expense of £4000 or a 5000. The real fact was that the railway there had already cost, upwards of £3000 and was not yet completed ; the reason being that they were not content to take level land;' But surely ' a railway that was equal to the conveyance of 100 tons of goods at a speed of 20 miles an hour, and the i conveyance of passengers at a speed of 25 or 30 miles an hour, must be quite sufficient for the purpose of this island. He thought hon. members would agree with him that that was not the time to go into details; of if there was to be a committee appointed, the proper ] way would be for him to put these facts before them, He could not support the proposition because he was not a believer in sudden conversions. If it were otherwise . he should go readily with the Attorney General, but when he know, in fact they had heard it from Uto Attorney- General himself, that he was no more convinced at the present time than he was before, he would have been better pleased if the Attorney-General had let the question remain in the hands of some gentleman really earnest in the cause ; he could then have given the assistance which he now proposed, and it would be received with a much better spirit than it was likely to be at that a moment. (Hear.) They say that more convinced I against their will are of the same opinion still. He held in his hand a portion of the reports upon this question in which the Attorney-General himself had i broadly stated that he would vote for a survey only. to show that the work could not be done. He believed if another gentleman, from whom they had not heard a 1 word on the subject, hold the same opinion. He (i suspected that hon. member, because he did not I stand up and tell them he would go with them. 1 Under these circumstances, they could expect little from the appointment of such a commission. He ] looked upon it as nothing more than a peg on which i to hang the subject for another twelve months. He had stated before that there could be no question at i all about the practicability of the work. They had 1 had surveys long before he was in the country, and he believed Mr. Sprent had favored the colony with a survey, and he believed no other survey was necessary. He said that a railway could be put down for £3,000 a mile, and if they were content to divert from the main line the rails might be put down for £2,500, which rails would be sufficient to sustain the amount of traffic. He apprehended no one would say that they were likely to want to carry more than 100 tons of goods at a time. it He had before said that a rail of £4000 was ample for the purposes of the colony. He referred to the amount to be saved in the purchase of iron, and said that the chief thing was to save the expenditure for iron as much as possible, because iron must be paid for in hard cash. He said that Sir Charles Fox distinctly ber of him out in that opinion, and on the opinion that whorovortho trafliewiumotlikolytooxcood 100 tons and where the speed for the 100 tons would be 20 miles an hour, and where the weight of pus sengers would allow a speed of 25 or 30 miles an hour, then £4000 a mile was ample. He would make no more observations, but he must say he could not go with the proposition, because he thought it was likely to break the whole question. He would prefer its being brought into the House by an individual member, or by men against whom there could be no suspicion, which there must be with men who were suddenly converted. He would prefer seeing the measure in the hands of some gentlemen in that House thoroughly independent, and on whom they could rely, and who would go readily to work to bring about a successful issue. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said the hon. iron ber who had just sat down had used the expression of sudden conversion in anticipation. He admitted that his convictions as to the practicability of the work had been shaken in the course of eight years, but he should like to be convinced by the labors of the committee or commission that the scheme could be carried out for such an expenditure as that proposed by the hon member for Hobart Town; if so, he would be one to nil vine the government to bring it into practical operation On the other hand he said that if the result of the labors of the committee or commission a ore to satisfy him that expenditure would be a very large one, and beyond the counsel discounts, thou he could not and in the government to place itself in a similar position to that of Queensland at the present moment Queensland had been quoted (Mr Du\ los Their lands are at a premium Not so, there was no market at all for them, the place was actually insolvent, their railway works were all suspended, their inhabitants were II) in? across the bowers, and it wins deeply) involved oldest Hbwas not saying that Queensland anticipate was one which was illegitimate to the country, but he could not help thinking that they be- loved somewhat hastily upon the work He was not one of those who declared that rumors were always successful, they had not always succeeded, he could quote many) instant es at that moment in which a railway in Ireland had been sold for debt 'The hon. member then referred to annum failures in other parts of the usual, dividend theatre) should not embark upon the work without making some inquiries The lum member for Huon said, why not let the government take upon itself the responsibility it That was exactly what they were trying to do It was not to be supposed that the Colonial Treasurer could in his adieu obtain the match is for getting at the inform tion, an without any cost to the found) it Um information was to be collected it must be < off ted by the labors of the body of men The ('Crown did not shrink from the ii sponsibilit) 1 It was pier for a) satisfied to it in the House presented a (committee the Government won) perfected) a satisfied that it should be a committee , of a concussion, the down would be glad to assist them in their Julie s 'lim hon member for Hob in Town (Mr Cansdell) said he did not and any such information, he was possessed of nil pu ticulars on the subject to (the Marne) -General) confessed he was not a coin on to the views of that line morn Spr, Time wore, in fact, always considered to be simply impracticable, he never) heard a single person inside or outside of the legislature express a similar opinion to that of the hutt mombo) It they adopted. the proposal of the hon. member for Westbury, they t ' only got part of the information, that was the survey \- j alone. If they adopted his proposal, they would 0 I obtain the whole of the information. And when of that information was fairly obtained, no government 1 would over have a right to shirk the question. Every B hon, member know that in tho present state of the t money market, it was impossible at that moment to i commence the work. The object of the government was to have the information ready when it would be 1 wanted. , Mr. DOUGLAS could see no necessity for r either a commission or a committee. The fact that a railway could be constructed without any engineering difficulty between Hobart Town and 3 Launceston was admitted. The only thing upon which information was required was whether the con- room would pay. It appeared to him that the govern ment were in a much better position to obtain that information than any commissions would be. The . government had in itself power to ascertain the . general traffic on the line, the present cost to keep up ) that traffic, and all the information that could be ob retained without any expense whatever to the comma \- nity. (Hear, hear.) It appeared to him that if the j government intended to adopt a railway policy, all they had to do was to prepare a survey, to bring the papers before the House, to state that the government , were of opinion that such a railway should be carried out, and leave the parliament to decide whether or not they would vote a sum of money in order to carry it out. He might , state that the motion standing in his name was placed on the table in consequence of a wish ex, pressed by the residents of Hobart Town that the subject should be brought forward. Many were under the impression that the bill introduced by the Attorney-General had reference to the main line of railway ? Iris motion had had the effect of disabusing the public mind on that subject. He would be quite prepared to look upon it as a main line of railway motion, and wished that it should he so laid down as to form a basis for the other lines joining it, and for the carrying out ultimately of a general line of railway throughout the whole colony. He could not see the necessity of a commission, because the information could be easily obtained by the government. The commission must either travel or remain in Hobart Town. If they travelled about he did not see the good they could do, and if they remained in Hobart Town of course they could gain no more information than the government themselves. If the government said they wanted a certain sum of money in order to employ a surveyor to at once lay down the host line, he would readily join with them. The resolution if passed would simply hang the matter up for another 12 months, and would enable the present ministry to say they have given them what was asked for, and there was an end of it. He hoped to have an oppression of opinion from the hon. Treasurer on the subject. The TREASURER said it would appear that hon. member for Westbury was neither in favor of a commission or committee, and he proposed that the government should initiate certain measures. Six o'clock, House adjourned. EVENING SITTING. House resumed at 7 o'clock. RAILWAY COMMISSION". 1 In Committee. The TREASURER in continuation remarked that when the House adjourned the hon. member for i Westbury had expressed a desire to hear his (the hon Treasurer's) opinion on the question before the : House, and on the question of railways generally. His < opinion was that unfortunately this question of rail- ' way had been made a vexed question, but need not I have been made so at all. He thought the first error t made had been the granting of £1,500 for the survey 1 of a line of railway between Launceston and Dolores a mine, and had he been in the House the time that a vote was proposed, he should have opposed it. He thought the granting of that sum for that purpose was < fatal mistake He believed that railway communes a tion was of the greatest importance and he knew that the time must come when from the increase in the population, railways must be made the principal t means of communication between the different parts t of the colony, as was the case in other parts of the world, but it was his opinion that the c population of the colony was at present too thin to to render the construction of railways necessary, but t when railways become necessary, where there was not macadamised road, that was the place to begin. If I new roads were required, say on the East Coast for in- t stanco, then it would be a question whether macada- a ' mised roads or railroads should be constructed, but he c could not understand why a magnificent road, one of of the best roads in the colony, the road between Laun- n coates and Deloraine, which had been formed without any expenditure by the inhabitants of the districts themselves, (oh ! oh I) should be given up for a soil- a way, for he was perfectly satisfied that there was not I sufficient traffic on that road to pay for converting it into a railway. But the question of railway or no 1 railway had been made a political question, and a cry 1 to divide the north from the south. They had been r told when the Launceston and Deloraine railway was I proposed, and he recollected it perfectly well, that os v a guarantee of good faith the districts were to sub- n scribe £100,000 towards the estimated total expense of t £400,000, and the consent of the landholders was to be obtained to rcguaranteo the interest. That was done, and the Parliament passed a bill almost in the ii form in which it was proposed, and yet from that I time up to the present no movement had been made, no strike had been made to complete that c work. If the House wanted his opinion on railways, c he would turn to the draft bill " for the promotion of r railway companies in Tasmania" now before the the House. If they wanted a railway to the proposed company petition the Governor-in-Council, praying that any portion of the colony may be constituted a a railway district under the Act, the petition to set 1 forth the amount of the nominal capital, a description ii of the works proposed to be constructed, the oats- (J mated cost of the works, the receipts estimated to c arise from the traffic, the estimated working expenses, at the amount of money proposed to be borrowed, with t a description of the proposed districts, etc He thought that if, with a plan of the proposed line, all t that information were furnished, with a guarantee for the repayment by the company of the moneys c paid by the Treasurer and district, and a sinking i fund were formed in the manner proposed, the t Parliament would then be justified in passing a railway bill. He believed the bill which had been i laid on the table of the House did oil that the Launceston and Deloraine Railway Bill did, with this exception that this bill provides for a rest fund i which that did not, and that this hill provided that the company shall not issue or soil any bond i at a price less than the then current market price of a debenture issued by the government. It had been said that the general desire of the public was that there should be made a main line of railway from 1 Hobart Town to Launceston. He did not believe this He did not believe it was the general wish of 1 'the colony that there should be a main line of rail- v road between Hobart Town and Launceston, and he did not think that the people away from the direct a line cared anything about it. He did not think the l people in Devon, for instance, cared one farthing | about such a line, or the residents about Circular Head, or that the people in the district of Gla- 1 morgan or other districts away from the main line of road, felt the slightest interest in such a work. Who i then wore the people who would feel an interest in such a line of railway The people of Hobart Town i and Launceston alone, and those who owned land through which the line would run, and he did not think therefore that the proposed line of railroad 1 would be a national work at all. The honorable member then referred to the present cost of c transit of grain from different parts of the island, and I contended that the construction of a main line of railway would not benefit the larger proportion of i agriculturists at all. He argued that if they were ....1»T,I,»TIU"T the utmost much time while I no reads existed at present He could not understand oured) the course of the hon. member for Hobart t Town (Mr Cansdell), who did not approve of a commission, nor the hon. member for Westbury), who did not approve of either a commission or the appointment of a committee But surely the House must have a survey and to prove the necessity for this, it was quite sufficient to look at the diversity of opinion which existed as to the cost of a railway 1 hon. member for Hobart Town (Mr Cansdell) had estimated the expense at from £2,600 per mile Now he (the Treasurer) had read perhaps as much us that hon member, and he (the Treasurer) was of opinion that the railway could not be made from here to Launceston under £ 12,000 a mile (Laughter, and hear, hear) Well, that was his opinion, and a main line of railway as proposed would, at that rate, cost £ i 000 000, then, to cross the Derwent would out another £1,000,000, and that would be £4,000,000 He thought, therefore, seeing the wide differences of opinion which existed as to what would be the cost of construction of a railway, a commission should be appointed to inquire into that question He did not v nil the commission to i sit in his office, but let it be appointed by parliament, and for the commissioners see what the cost would be, and was that the train was likely to be, and then if suf i present grounds were shown for the formation of a rail i way let them li 2 of one But let them flint bin of an enquiry into the cost and a man nv of the proposed i high, as then they would see how to go on Then if they whole line cost 11,000,000, thou to enable them topic) the total ist they would have to charge the passengers 621 or £21 a mile, (laughter), and it they ' were prepared to construct a railway) at a cost of ; 14 000, and to change Jay a rule, than h) all > means let them have this line of railway But as he i li id observed it wits quite competent for the House to ) appoint a communion to engine into this It was his opinion that those districts which required radio idea I for themselves should come down to the House J with a logtiaraiiloe, and provision made for a i rosella tun 1, and they could then time them, but he o still h that the cost of a main line of railway he 0 twinn debut Town and Launceston would post a £32 000 a mile the hon member, niHiipportof time I estimate ich no 1 to the rest of the Panama line of a rail, and said that unless they were proper for the expenditure he had pointed out, he did not see his li was) dear to and he it was to no there was a dif- ference of opinion as to the cost, but it a commission 1 were appointed to organise into this question, and to \- report to the House, the would then be in a position u to know what he v could do All the) then w tinted a wits, that the districts returning railroad«should form themselves into railway districts, under (ho totals 4 provided in the bill, Mr. CANSDELL would point out that the great cost of construction of railways in India, to which reference had been made arose from the great quantity of iron which was necessarily used in their erection, owing to the destruction of timber by ants, but he had said that, by strict economy, the cost of a line as proposed here might be reduced to £2,500 ; but he had said that this rule would only apply where the rails were laid down on roads already made, on roads making on lands beside such roads, or on lands adjoining them. But if they were determined to have a line of railroad made as direct as the crow files the nearest way from point to point, -they must make themselves content with an expenditure of £6,000 or £10,000 per mile, but if they constructed the lines in the way he proposed, the cost would be but about 2500 a mile, and for saying this he had the authority of Sir Charles Fox, one of the most eminent engineers in the world. The honorable member then referred to the large cost of railways in England up to 1859, which had ranged from £34,000 to, as in the case of the London and Blackwall line, £234,000 a mile, remarking that those heavy charges per mile for the different lines of railways be enumerated, arose because people in England were at the first introduc- tion of railways so ignorant and so obstinate as to do all they could to keep railways away, instead of, as now,oncouraging them them to come up to their very doors as it were. The speaker also remarked that the cost per mile was largely added to by the immense sums given for lands through which it was proposed the line should pass, and also to the large sums awarded by juries when the settlement of claims were submitted to their decision. But since 1859, said the hon. member, a better and far superior description of railways had been constructed, and at much less cost, for the engineers had been taught by experience, and the average price per mile of railways in England, since 1859, had not been more than £14,000, and in many instances it had been under that, and in Wales the cost of construction had only been between £8,000 and £10,000 nor mile. What he contended was that they took hold of the wrong end of the stick when they said they would have a Burvoyfirst.Tho first thing for them to determine was whether they would go in for a cheap railway at a cost of £3,000 a mile, or for a railway to be made in the ordinary way at a cost of £10,000 per mile. The first thing was to determine what kind of railway they wanted. Let them tell the engineer what they could afford, and he would then see the best line for his purpose, and would save their money. The engineer would determine which would be the cheapest line, and would save them any useless expenditure in embankments, cuttings, &c.; But it was a most ' extraordinary thing that although he had addressed ? many public meetings on this very point, there you started up the ghost of a bridge over the Derwent. The hon. Colonial Treasurer had said the erection of ' such a bridge would cost £1,000,000. So it would but the man who would think of such a construction must be a madman. He (Mr. Cansdell) had over and over again contended that the man who wished to > bridge over the Derwent must be a madman or a ' fool, but there were such things as steam ferries in England, and he was quite sure that a steam ferry could be erected in Glasgow and sent over here for t £10,000. He had been told that he was wedded to the feeling, that there should be a line of rail laid on the main road. He was not wedded to this. He c wanted to see cheap transit, for by that only would i the agriculturists be able to bring their produce to 1 market in such a way as would enable them to com- I note with those of the other colonies. He did not go for the main line of rail alone, he went for what he could got, and although he was not sure that a rail- 11 way constructed at a cost of £10,000 a mile would It pay, he was sure one erected at a cost of from station to £4,000 a mile would. A few years ago the proposition for laying rails on main lines of road was strongly objected to, but that question had since been taken up, and the time was not far distant when they would see rails on the roads and railway carriages instead of horse carts and waggons passing among them. Sir Charles Fox had supported the feasibility of placing lines of rails on the roads in England, and the railway across the Alps was ridden the very road itself. In America, also, very many of the lines of railway were laid alongside the roads, and it was found that the passing of railway engines and carriages along them did not frighten the horses, as had been said they would, and certainly they would not frighten the horses as much as that ugly traction engine, which had for a time been placed on the roads in this colony, and he found also that the legislature had been obliged to pass very stringent measures at home to prevent those unsightly engines to pass along the roads, except under certain conditions. In America the railway engines and carriages ran alongside the roads, and in New York, with the exception of Broadway, they saw the trains passing regularly, and, as it were, up to their very doors, so if more thought he was absurd in his propositions he was glad to perceive that there were many others equally as absurd as himself. and men who had also brought their thoughts into practice. The hon. Colonial Treasurer had said that the want of rail- roads had proved no detriment to agriculturists in bringing their corn to market, but surely it was a very great detriment to have to bring com- to market at tho rate of 1s. per ton per mile. Would any one say that that was not an enormous sum for transit charges? It was only when they reduced the cost of transit to 2d. a bushel that the agriculturists could flourish, and be enabled to bring their produce to market at prices which would pay them. His idea was this, that whilst constructing macadamised roads they could lay edge rails at the same time, and he had been told by contractors that more than half the price of making macadamised roads might be saved by making the two roads at once By making tramways, or edge railways, one horse would be able to draw eight times as much as it could on a macadamised road, and the cost of conveyance would be therefore pro- portionably reduced. The speaker then referred to in report of Sir Charles Fox, as to the cost per mile of the construction of various lines in India, and in conclusion said he believed that the whole prosperity of this colony depended upon giving cheap transit to agricultural settlers. Mr. SHARLAND said the open way in which the hon. Colonial Treasurer had explained. his sentiments on the question before them was very creditable to him, but he (Mr. Sharland) entirely dis- approved of the appointment of a commission, as he thought an enquiry of this nature should be trusted entirely to the government. An enquiry also instituted by a commission would not in his opinion be looked upon with such attention as one instituted under the authority of the government. He was not favorable to railways, but still he should like to see a survey made.- He did not think railways could be made to pay here at present, notwithstanding the observations of the hon. member (Mr. Cansdell), and he did not see what there was to bring across the country, upon which so much had been said. He did not wish to set himself in opposition to it, and would like to have a survey made, that they might see if the construction of a railway was practicable and if it would pay, and he thought the government should got all the information it could, and let the people see for themselves if it would pay. no did not think any government would give satisfaction until it obtained a survey of the proposed line, with the particulars of traffic, ice., but this could not be very well-ascertained without taking into account the whole year. He did not think the construction of a main line of railway would give such relief to the agriculturists as the hon. member (Mr. Cansdell) supposed. Take the district to the westward for instance, and he would ask what relief to that district would be given by a main line of railway from Hobart Town to Launceston, when that like some others was not a coal-bearing district. But it was not his intention to say more on the question at present. Mr. ROSE said that if railways were to be of bono fit to Tasmania, it was evident that the first line must be a main line to connect Hobart Town with Launceston. That would be the most proper line to commence with and one which must eventually benefit the colony. A reduction of thostonmora' fares had lately in duced many visitors from the neighboring colonies to comotoTiusmania,and their only objection to the colony was the tiresome journey from Hobart Town to Launceston, but a railway between the two towns would tend to obviate this. - The question was, in there a necessity for a railway now, and if so, what resources were available for the purpose ? Would the construction of such a railway also enable them to dispense with the maintenance of the main line of road, an expense which, if it could be, saved, would form a considerable item towards the support of a railway ? If they agreed that a survey should be made, let it be done by tender. That would be the best means of procuring plans, estimates, etc, and they would then be in a better position to judge of the necessity and practicability of the work. It had been estimated that a railway between Hobart Town and Launceston could be constructed for £180,000, which was comparatively a small increase over the amount required for the Launceston and Deloraine Railway, the latter running over a distance of 40 miles only, but before they agreed to the construction of any railway he thought there ought to be something definite laid before them, something which would show that the colony could bear the expense of railway contraction. Mr. HAYES said it was pretty well known to the House that he was a railway man, but on the other hand he should like to be consistent. The hon. member for Hobart Town (Mr. Cansdell), said a. roadway could be constructed for £'.1,0Q0 or £1,00,0 o, mile, and then up jumped, the IViloip'id Tiuisurof and said that a line of railway could not be constructed, under £32,000 a, mile. There was a wide difference. His (Mr. Hayes') opinion was that the proper way would be to got a Parliamentary survey, and then they would know what they could do, otherwise they would be at a loss to know. They know now that they could make a railway, but could they tell what it would cost Y Well then, let them advertise for on engineer of the host quality. (Laughter.) Let the government apply by advertisement in England, Sizeland, and the surrounding colonies, and hit them select an engineer whom they know to be well qualified for the work, and ask him what it would cost. He (Mr. Hayes) did not think it would cost more than £3000 a mile, but let the House have a survey flint, with a calculation of what a railway would cost, and then they could sit down, and see if they could do it. if it was to cost £4,000,000 or £5,000,000, they could not do it, but if it was only to cost £3,000 or £4,0,00 a mile they could do it. l(o believed, however, that £1,000,000 would be ample, It would not be fair to take the traffic as it was now, foy whom the railway was made, where one travelled now twenty would travel then, and where one ton of grain was sent now twenty would be sent if there were a railway. But it had been asked where all the extra grain was to come from P He would say in reply to this that the grain would find its own way, for there was plenty of it in the interior of the country now, going to waste. The goods which were now transported to Launceston also could then be transported to Hobart Town, and 20,000 or 30,000 bushels of grain could be brought down from Launceston to Hobart Town in quick time, and in good condition, instead of its taking as it did now a month or five weeks to bring it down by vessels, with the risk of its being damaged on the voyage. If they had a railway the grain could be brought down from the north, ground into flour, and shipped off to Melbourne in a very short time. He thought the scheme for constructing a railway was a very good one, but the line must be first thoroughly and properly surveyed e, let them first got an estimate of the cost, and they would then know what they were about. Let them have a first-class engineer, and he thought everything that was necessary could be done for £5,000, but if they could not get a first rate engineer and all necessary particulars for that, let them give him a few pounds more. He did not care for £5,000 or £10,000 for tMa purpose but let them have a survey first. Mr. HORNE could see no use in resisting the railway for the people had clearly, he would not say gone mad upon it, but made up their minds to it. It seemed to him that the first thing to do was to have a perfect engineering survey made, and a | commission appointed which he much preferred to a committee. He felt bound to say that he had met several persons prepared not merely to advocate the railway but even to make sacrifices for it. He could, if disposed, name three land-owners two of whom were willing to give up such of their land as was necessary for the line and to fence, and the third was prepared to go even further and give £1000 to the project ; but, notwithstanding the enthusiasm in many quarters, he must strongly urge the necessity for first ascertaining the necessary expense, and then waiting until such time as the carrying out this project should become feasible Mr. ADAMS admitted that the railway scheme was largely popular, but thought there was still such a leaven of common sense in the community that it could not fairly be said to have gone mad upon it. It was ridiculous for people to say they would have a railway, they must first find out if they could. If the line was to cost £2500 or £3000 a mile the thing might be possible but if, as the Colonial Treasurer j said, £32000 a mile would be the cost the line was hopelessly out of their reach. Mr. LEWIS would vote for the resolution. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL believed that a morosurvoywonldnotbosiifficiont ; oriental events not be satisfactory as a commission formed from the two Houses, who would enquire as to the work to be done, and its cost. Without such elements of information no more survey would be sufficient. If the matter were left to the government, many points could be ascertained only imperfectly, and at very considerable expense. He was only suggesting a similar course to that adopted by the supporters of the Launceston and Deloraine railway, which course had resulted most satisfactorily ; £10,000 a mile had been spoken of ; such a plan would not only not be wise, but it would be simply impossible, for it would involve paying interest alone to something like £70,000,' which the country would never sanction. If there were no other taxes to be paid, or if the country made, as seemed not very improbable, large advance, in 12 months it might be both possible and wise. As to the formation of the commission, he was quite willing that it should be from persons outside the House ; but whether or not, no time should be lost in settling the vexed question. He flattered himself tMa was the first real attempt to deal with the railway scheme, for though all parts were agreed in the general abstract proposition that a railway would be a good thing, nothing practical had hitherto been suggested. And though he was and had always been a thorough railway-,. men if TWiiof has rnmAmWptl that, it was the function and duty of the government to put the skid on to check too rapid and rash a course of expenditure Of course, no one doubted that railways would largely develope the country and produce an immense amount of traffic. Various materials now almost valueless would be brought to market, and we should no longer have such loan, footsore, half-starved, miserable cattle us we now had to be content with. The general law must prevail with a Tasmanian railway, as with all others. He would conclude by pointing out that in 1863 a select committee on a similar question, consisting of Messrs, Home. Walker, Murray, Davies, Rose, Haggitt, and Allison, had unanimously recommended that the committee should either have power to sit in recess, or else be formed into a commission. That opinion was a sound one, and personally he believed that the work would be better done, and embrace the largest possible amount of information for the Legislature to deliberate on. Mr. DAVIES wished to know whether the government intended that the commission should consist of members from both Houses of Parliament P The ATTORNEY;- GENERAL replied in the affirmative. He proposed to have six members from the Assembly and three from the Council. As to the six he thought it desirable that two should be chosen strongly in favour, and two strongly opposed to, and two indifFerent to the scheme. Mr. ADAMS : It will be a case of Kilkenny cats. Mr. DOUGLAS was opposed to the appointment of a commission, and would prefer that of a surveyor, a course always adopted at home. The Surveyor would make his plans and estimates whereas the commission would only hamper him. To con- I vince the Treasurer, or even to satisfy him, was hopeless, for he was invariably obstinate, and had no object at all but to abuse that very harmless body, the Launceston Railway League The proper way for the house to not was to throw out the resolution, and force the government to have a survey, or to take the consequences. The Treasurer spoke of £32,000 a mile. Did he really believe what he said For 50 miles the difficulties were all, and the only portion where they would occur between Perth and Launceston was well surveyed and estimates made The Treasurer had no objectiontospondiug £10,000 for the Sorell Causeway, which led only to a most miserable place. Between Westbury nitd'Doloraino ground party had been at work, and had formed about one and a half or two miles, and had received no assistance from government. Thousands had been spent on the line of road ; it high rate was levied, and something like £2000 were raised in tolls to keep it in repair, and then it was argued that the people should be content with such a state of things, even though they were prepared to tax themselves for a railway. The railway would be an immense advantage in many ways, not only as the Attorney-General had sug posted in the question of meat, pie, but in giving immediate stimulus to all industries, and especially assisting the grazing and agricultural interests. The Treasurer, in speaking of the income tax and properly tax, had said that they would be an inducement to visitors to come to Tasmania, but he (Mr. Douglas) thought the railway much more likely to prove an incentive; for the constant complaint of visitors was at the wretched 14 hours they had to endure in travelling by coach from Hobarton töLauncston. £10,000 fora survey of this kind was monstrous. No human being would doubt the practicability of a railway. If this was done now they would want another survey, still before they could commence the work. No hon. member doubted that it was practicable to have a railway, and it was no use to put £10,000 on the estimates to test whether a survey was practicable, a question which every one admitted They had discussed the estimates over a £5 note for hours, and now they were going to throw away this fireman at - 117, l.l.,ul,n,l "( Um idea of the House going into any such question in committee. He should decidedly object to vote for any such and being placed on the estimates for any such purpose. He would not trust any government, however ohio, with the expenditure of such a sum. He believed that this sum of £10,000 would be given to Homo engineer to test a matter upon which, every human being had fully made up his mind, viz., that a railway was practicable. In the present state of the colony such a proposition would be monstrous. Mr. SHARLAND said he thought it was absurd to put £10,000 on the estimates for such a purpose. A survey would not cost anything like this sum, £1,000 would be plenty. His son had only received 3 guineas a day for a complete survey of a line between Leeds and Newcastle. Mr: DOUGLAS referred to the trial survey and report of Mr. Sprent which had cost £500. Mr. Sprent had also made another survey, which had never cost the country a shilling, of a line between Deloraine and the Mersey. He believed the sum was altogether too large. Mr. HORNE, moved that the amount of £10,000 he struck down to £3,000, Mr. GREGSON ¡ I move that the sum be struck out altogether. The CHAIRMAN read the resolution. Mr. GREGSON would move instead that the resolution be disagreed to. The CHAIRMAN : You can negative it, Mr. HORNE pressed his amendment, which was put and negatived. The resolution was glory put and the ayes had it, a division was called, far, which resulted as follows ; Ayes 7, The Treasurer, Messrs. Walker, Lewis, Rose, Hayes, Homo, Attorney-General (teller). Noes 13. Messrs. Davies, Adams, Sharland, Gregson, J. Meredith, Lotto, Douglas, Perkins, Scott, Dodery, Sherwin, Swan, Dobson (tailor). POSTPONEMENT OF BUSINESS. The TREASURER moved that the second reading of the customs alteration bill. and the orders of the day following, be discharged and stand orders of the day for the following (this) day. Mr. DOBSON said this would be excessively in- convenient to country members, many of whom were there that night simply because they believed the second reading of the customs bill was coming on. It was only fair to the opposition that there should be a full House when this measure was brought on, and he twisted that they would go on with the discussion at once. The TREASURER said he was anxious to go on with committee of supply, so that the v. cause arising what the expenses of the country would be. He would then proceed with the income tax bill in committee, and afterwards with the customs hill. Until it was I decided. what the expenditure of the country would I has it was impossible that he could tell how to relieve I the customs. . " I Mr. DOUGLAS was sorry that the order ma of? the paper. But for that he should have remained a day or two longer in Launceston. Mr. DOBSON hoped the Colonial Treasurer would give at least two days' notice before going on with the customs bill. The TREASURER would say at once that as soon as the income tax bill was passed, and the committee of supply was finished, he should be prepared to go on. Mr. DOUGLAS : But does not the customs bill form part of the arrangement P The TREASURER: Yes; and as soon as I know what the expenditure will be, then I know what) must he got from the customS. Mr. DOUGLAS thought they should go into committee upon the bills together. If the customs remained, that would of course regulate the income tax bill, and vice versa. Both bills scorn to be dependent upon one another. The ATTORNEY - GENERAL thought they should first know what the expenditure should be The TREASURER and ATTORNEY-GENERAL both repeated their explanations. Mr. DOUGLAS thought the first bill to be discussed should be the customs bill, and then the House could decide what the income and property tax should be. Mr. GREGSON thought they should first know what the expenses of the country would be. Perhaps they would be able to cut the income tax down to 25 per cent. It seemed a complicated question whether they were not putting the cart before the horse, but he thought they should concede to the Treasurer what he desired, at the same time it would be only fair that the hon. member should say definitely when the measures would come on. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL admitted that there had been a fault on the part of the government in permitting notices to appear on the paper, as they had done, out of their regular order ; but they would make such arrangements with the clerk of the House as would prevent such an occurrence in future. Messrs. ADAMS and PERKINS both expressed their opinions that the customs bill should be the first proceeded with. The TREASURER wished it to be understood that he never promised to go on with the bill. The orders had appeared somewhat irregularly, but that would be prevented in future - Mr. DOUGLAS said he should give notice before the House proceeded to discuss the details of the income and property tax bill, that they should decide what was to be done with the customs alteration bill. Mr. GREGSON wished to give notice, that before they went on with the bill, a select committee be appointed, consisting of the Hon. Attorney-General, and all the legal members of the House, viz., Messrs. Dobson, Adams, Douglas, and CandoR. This bill had occasioned remarks from some of the ablest men in England, and even Mill confessed that the blunders which it had led to in Parliament Mr. SHERWIN rose to order The SPEAKER said the hon. member was out of order, having already spoken. He could not give a notice of motion in the middle of a discussion, The question was then put, and the order of the day postponed until the following (this) day. , supply. , The House now resolved into committee of supply. LOCAL ESTIMATES. Police, district of Hobart, £3,220 2s. 6d. ,, J Passed. t ' Kingston Station, £1854. Mr. PERKINS called attention to the position of the clerk at Kingston Station. He should not move any increase, but he thought it would be an act of justice if the government would take him into consideration during the year, and if possible that they would improve his position. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said that the government would have been quite willing to do this had the occasion offered as this was a most deserving officer. Mr. ADAMS said that this officer would have done very well for the position of customs officer at Circular Head, which had been recently filled up by the appointment of a gentleman unconnected with the government service. He thought this gentleman would have very ably filled tMs appointment. The TTn?Ai»TTT)PT} said last night in the hon. member's opinion, but he happened to want a cure toms officer and the gentleman appointed was well acquainted with his duties. The Attorney-general wanted a Stipendiary Magistrate and in the gentleman appointed he believed that the government have combined both offices. He thought the gentleman in question would be a credit to it. Mr. WALKER referred to the item fourteen petty constables at 5s. per day ; he thought the number was far too great. What had these men to do The constables, at New Town, for instance, were walking about doing nothing. Not more than half of these men were required. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL; The item is passed. Gaol and House of Correction for Males, Hobart Town, £4510 2s. 6d. Mr. DAVIES called attention to increases in this department. The TREASURERhanded inn writtenoxpIanatí«w stating that in consequence of the redistribution of the work of the department, certain officers had their salaries increased, the work devolving upon the late Mr. Bell having been divided between them; by this arrangement an actual saving was effected of about £70. Mr. DAVIES still thought that the proposal WM contrary to the principle upon which they were acting, and the increase to the particular item,gaolor£330,ne must oppose, and he would move that the item stand as it was last year it £300. He thought when a saving was effected by means of a redistribution it should go into the general revenue, and not be pM away in this manner, no should therefore move that the increase be struck out. The TREASURER said the redistribution not been made at the instance of the hon. Mr. Wilson, He believed it was a wise proposal which resulted in a saving to the revenue, and gave satisfaction to the persons concerned. Mr. ADAMS agreed that the redistribution would give satisfaction to the parties concerned. He had no doubt the gaoler would be very well paid at £300 a year, having a house to live in and other perquisites, It was of course very pleasant to give, but they would never effect a saving by increasing the, salaries of officers who were well paid before. They were not in a position to do this, and he should support the amendment. . ' Mr. PERKINS said they had already decided that no alteration should be made in these salaries byway of increase, and that course had only been deviated from by hon, member for Devon, who first laid down the principle. He then voted for an extra £50 a year for an especial officer. There was no consistency about that mode of dealing with the public funds. It was not right. He should vote that there be no increase. ' Mr. DAVIES was sorry that his consistency should be called into question. He had distinctly stated on the occasion in question, that he had pledged his word to the particular vote referred to long before the Parliament assembled, and he felt bound foredoom his word. If that was inconsistency, then he must put up with the pains and penalties, but if he was pledged to a thing he would do it even though he might be, called inconsistent. Mr. SHARLAND said they had another reason. for this besides consistency, seeing they were threatened with an income tax There was a now iteni.oversaer, public works, £120. The TREASURER said this salary had always been paid, although before it had been kept out of sight. The salary of the gaoler was carried at £300. Mr. WALKER moved that the items, chaplain!, church of England and Church of Rome, be atwell out. Mix SHERWIN said, to be consistent, they must strike out those items. AU hon. members of the committee had objected to the chaplains to the Orphan School, on the ground that they were state paid clergy and should perform this duty. The same argument would apply to their gaols and hospitals, and he believed that if those sums were struck out the parishes would provide amply for the religious wants of those institutions. . Mv- HAYES should also support the striking out of the items. Mr. SHARLAND thought some responsible clergy man should be appointed to these offices, it was unfair to Otu prisoners, and it looked as if the colony were to become ungodly altogether. Mr. WALKER said nearly £17,000 was devoted, as state aid to religion, and they took care when the census was taken for the purposes of State Aid Distribution Act to include the population of goats, house of correction, and the Queen's Asylum, and on that basis the state aid was assigned : why, therefore, should they not contribute to the cure of those persons, J M, ADAMS wondered if the hon. member had asked these gentlemen what their duties were. He considered that it they pursued this system of striking out such votes they would render themselves a laughing stock and the subjects of indignation in England, if they took the trouble to consider us at all, and here in Tasmania, To vote to strike off every clergyman of all those institutions was a stop in the wrong direction. as there could not be any systematic, religious instruction given by other donotniuations.Hsj could not compliment the hon. member for Queen borough on his body, in taking such a decided step in his political life ; he should have been glad if he had distinguished himself by something else than striking otV those paltry Heins. (Mr. Walker: Nearly £1000 a year.) £1000 a year; well certainly the thing might have been left alone, and the hon, member might have been content with the estimates brought down by the Colonial Treasurer, to whom he gave his support. Mr. HORNE said if they throw those Horns out, they would be the first of the colonies, and the first christian country that took such a course, and his firm belief was that they would be a disgrace to the colony. 'It struck him its Inhuman. He had known, the value of those gentlemen, especially the Roman Catholic clergy, in obtaining confessions of men under sentence of death. It was a shame to contemplate, and it would be a degradation to the colony to learn the prisoners without religious instruction, Mr. DAVIES explained that what the hon. member (Mr. Walker) wished to intimate was that when the redistribution of state aid was agreed to, it was on the basis of the population of the colony, and ported the population were those in prison. (No, no, Yes, g->->---»?. ? It is.) . It was therefore the duty of the clergy who received the state aid to minister to those on whose account, in part, the state and. was granted. c-Mr. SHERWIN: Formerly the chaplains of the parish, in which the gaols were situate did the duty. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL said these were the Only items of the kind he should feel it his duty to oppose being struck out. He explained his reasons, among others the inmates of the goals being a different class to those of hospitals and asylums. The Duty to be performed was most painful and most irksome. There were at present 187 prisoners in the gaol,' and it would be a degradation to leave them Without religions instruction, and in that he agreed with the hon. member for Hobart Town (Mr. Horne.) \- Mr. ADAMS pointed out what was done in the adjacent colonies in respect of goals, mentioning New South Wales, where chaplains to penal establishments were paid £800 a year. (Mr. Walker ! There's no state aid there.) In Victoria £1000 was paid. v A division took place on the question that the items he struck out, namely : Ayes 12. Messrs. Sherwin, Hayes, Lette, Douglas, Dodery, Hodgson, Rose, Scott, J. Meredith,' AVuIkcr, Lewis, Davies, (teUor). a ' , Noes 7. The Treasurer, Attorney-General, Messrs. Swan, Sharland, Adams, Horne, Dobson, (teller). t< The remaining items were agreed to, and the total £4,526 was passed. > B-Good and House of Correction for females, Hobart Town, £8,132 10s. 10d. sister. LEWIS proposed that the terms Chaplain English Episcopal Church £60, and Chaplain Roman Catholic Church £60 be struck out. If- ATlAnrCl sunrise,! in -r.^4i/,*i Ten Oldina M the clergymen in question were very arduous, they had some distance to travel, and had to keep horses, and to pay their visit very early in the morning, and he know in the case of the Protestant clergyman that that gentleman after he returned from the gaol had to attend a Sunday-school, and then officiate at church, and in the afternoon again attend school. He thought the duties were by means light, and that the sum of £50 was a very small one considering the duties the gentleman had to perform. Mr. LEWIS thought that the state granted quite enough towards religion. They should have some thing in tho shape of reform in these matters. He thought the clergymen could attend to those places, too they were in their parish, without any further remuneration from the State. He did not know either of the gentlemen in question, it was against the system that he \ voted. . Mr. SHARLAND wished that hon. members would become more acquainted with the circumstances of such a case before they opposed a grant like the present. Hon. members had raised the cry Of knock them off, knock them off, which he thought was very improper in such a case; they should pay more heed to religion. Mr. DOUGLAS agreed with Mr; Lewis Whatever religion should support itself. The House had voted 1517,000 towards religion, and at that rate they would soon make it £26,000. Was it to go on P He said it was disgraceful. Everywhere where a clergyman was supported by state-aid he performed his duty in quite a different manner to what he did when the contrary was the case . ' Mr. SHARLAND said that the charge of the hon. member, that a paid clergyman did not perform his duties as he ought to do, was not a fair one Mr. DOUGLAS : I merely repeated the words of the Archdeacon. Mr. SHARLAND said if that was the ensue should enquire further into the matter. There was no country in the southern hemisphere where the clergy surety were paid solely by contribution. The country was a paltry and niggardly one that carried out Buen ft system as that proposed by the hon. member for Clarence. ^ Mr. HORNE would oppose the motion of Mr. Lewin. His name would never be seen in support of such a proposition ; it would disgrace him. Mr. SHERWIN supported Mr. Lewis's amendment. The gaols were included in different parishes find consequently had no right to receive any further support from the State on account of religion. 1 Mr. J. MEREDITH opposed the amendment. In reference to the charge that the clergymen did not perform their duties as they ought, no was bound to j raise his voice against it. He could only speak of one instance, and that was the clergyman in his own district, who was a most worthy man, and spared himself no trouble ; he travelled all over the district, and visited, he behoved, everyone of his parishioners. It was most unfair to make such an obser ration as had been made by the hon. member for Westbury, no matter who was responsible for it. Mr. HAYES supported the amendment. He believed that the ministers were receiving salaries from different sources, amounting to about 300 or 400 a-year, and were making a very good thing of it. '' Mr. ADAMS said, " If ignorance is bliss, it is folly to be wise." He would like the hon. member for Brighton to tell them how the ministers were paid in the manner he described. If he had a knowledge of the facts he surely would not hesitate to give the House the benefit of his knowledge. He thought he was making his statements from fancy, no said they " were making a very good thing of it." The hon. member spoke as if they were a lot of pedlars, and such an expression as that was not what they ought to expect from a gentleman who was speaking of mon Whoso calling was of so sacred a kind. He thought a quotation from Shakespeare might be very appropriately applied : "Ohman I proud man! dressed in a little brief authority, Plays such fantastic tricks before high heaven as -' make the angels weep." (Laughter.) He desired to call attention to the fact that the Church of England clergyman was not in receipt of any thing from the state ; he was simply in receipt of a stipend from his parishioners, and was no government officer whatever. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL would support the vote for the same reason that he had supported others of a similar nature a jar. DOUGLAS desired to refer to a debate which fjjíQk, place some ago in reference to the Queen's Asy up, in which the hon. member for Hobart Town (Mr. Hope's) name appeared as voting against the grant of any sum to the chaplains. As that hon. member had sold he did not wish his name to be handed down to posterity as voting against the paying of clergymen for' such purposes, he merely washed to show that it had already been handed down to posterity. Laughter.) i Mr. HORNE said he never understood that his name was there. It must be a mistake v, Question put that the items be struck out. Com entire divided. . . Ayes 13. assesses. Lotto, J. Meredith, Scott, Dodery, Rose, Hayes, Douglas, Hodgson, Dobson, Sherwin, Lewis, Walker, Davies (teller). _,. ' Noes G. The Treasurer, Attorney-General, Messrs. Horne, pbirJand, Swan, Adams (teller). The items were accordingly struck out. \- , Clerk, £100. Passed. Matron, £138. _< Mr. DAVIES remarked that there was an increase of £18 in this item over the amount voted last year, and moved that the item be reduced by That amount. t Item reduced by £18. , Senior Warden and Gate Keeper, £128. Mr. DAVIES noticed that there was on increase this year of £18 in this item also, and moved that the increase be struck out. Item reduced by £18. Night Officer, £110. "Three Eemulo Warders, one at £80, one at £70, said unto nt £00. £210. Passed. ' nurse and midwife, £50. », Mr. DAVIES moved that this item be reduced to find, the amount voted last year. claim reduced by £10. , Nurse to im alias, £37. , jRcducod on motion of Mr. DAVIES to £30, same as last year's vote. Ann JT-, of first under the ' s 6s motion of Mr. DAVIES this item was reduced to £30 10s., the same amount as voted last year. I Two assistant nurses £12 3s 4d. ; ; Passed. Allowances. , " 'Gaoler and Superintendent for son-ants, £26. *, Mr. SHARLAND moved that this item be struck out. The COLONIAL TREASURER supposed the allowance was given when the prisons were handed over from the Imperial Government, as before that time prisoners noted as servants. ', Mr. HORNE said under present arrangements prisoners must not act as servants. 'Question put that the item be struck out, Committee divided. >, Ayes, 13. 1 Messrs. Lette, Scott, Douglas, Dodery, Rose, J. ijorodith, Hayes, Hodgson, Sharland, AVulkcr,Lowis, JiJavies, Sherwin, (toiler). ," - Noes, 5. . , Colonial Treasurer, Messrs. Home, Swan, Dobson, "AdamS, (tober). The item was accordingly struck out. , Contingencies, £2,080. Passed. The remaining items were passed as printed. ., General Hospital, and Female Infirmary, Hobart Town, Resident Medical Officer, £300. . Passed. Secretary to the Board, £50. Passed. , Chaplain, Church of England, £50; religious instructor, Church of England, £50 ; chaplain, ChmehofRome, £100. ¡, Mr. DAVIES moved that these items be struck stout. " Question put. Committee divided. if , Ayes 13. assesses. Lotto, Sherwin, Douglas, Scott, Dodery, jBose, J. Meredith, Hayes, Hodgson, Walker, Lewis, Dobson, Davies, (teller.) Oj Noes 5. 6 The Treasurer, Messrs. home, Sharland, Swan, Adams, (tenor.) ., Item struck out. , Provisions and medical comforts, £3100. , u Mr. HORNE objected to so large a sum. , Mr. DAVIES said it was £400 less than last year. Item passed. Fuel (and. light, 6530, Mr. WALKER thought the item excessive. The | lighting of Hobart Town was only £2,000 a year, <. Mr. DAVIES explained that there were three branches of the establishment which, was a very large one. The TREASURER said from the nature of the weather more fuel and light were required for invalids. Item passed. Medicines and medical instruments, £335, Mr. SHARLAND considered it too large, and moved it be reduced to £330. The TREASURER defended the item and explained now instruments were constantly wanted. Mr. SHARLAND withdraw his objection, and Item passed. The remaining items also passed as printed. Brickfields Pauper Establishment. Religious instruction £50. Struck out. Personal allowance to Superintendent £30. Ditto to religious instructor £7 4s. Mr. WALKER moved to strike them out. The TREASURER thought it hardly courteous to the Board, who had recommended the items, and who must be presumed to know best. Mr. WALKER insisted it was the duty of the committee to reduce expenditure. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL wished to point out the absurd notions people outside had as to go- vernment retrenchment. This very department had been spoken of with a view to its abolition. Those were 224 paupers in the establishment, and some time back Mr. Crookes, then a member of the House, had actually proposed to send those very men back to Port Arthur, and thus, as he said, save £1,110 4s., the total cost of their keep. Astounding as it may seem that gentleman had done so apparently totally unconscious that they would cost something wherever they were, and the fact was that whereas they now cost less than £17 a head, they would at Port Arthur cost about £27, which would bring up the item to something like £7000. A much more reasonable thing was the suggestion made by an hon. member that the building should be enlarged, and the paupers from Port Arthur transferred to it. The suggestion of Mr. Crookes fitly illustrated the mischief resulting from the loose statements of loose talkers at public meetings, which statements were unfortunately too often believed and neutralised to a large extent the value of such meetings. Items put and passed. The CHAIRMAN reported progress, and obtained leave to sit again on the following (this) day. The remaining business on the paper was postponed, and the House adjourned until the following (this) day. 