MAJOR HERVEY'S WEDDING; OR, THE COLONEL'S DAUGHTER. (/. D. Fenton, in Once a Week) " So the Colonel's daughter has come, and is, they say, stunning." " Trust you to find out a pretty girl, Vi- vian," laughed a brother soldier, " Now I've Been her, too, and I don't agree with you ; she's too white and lackadaisical for stunning to express. Stunning, as I take it, means a jolly, larky, don't-care sort of girl, who'll dance you down in the deux temps, ride you down in the hunting- field, and box your ears if you are impertinent." " That's the soi t of girl you cultivate in York- shire," said a handsome, light baired man, whose half-closed eyes, and down drooping moustache, were quite in character with his languid drawl, and loose, lazy motion of his limbs. " When we were quart«ed in York I was nearly mar- ried by one of your stunning girl«; and only escaped by running away with a girl from a boarding- school. Fact, I assure you. She and I struck up an acquaintance at a Christian pro- pagation meeting. What the deuce are you fel- lows laughing at? They have meetings very I often in York-a lot of parsons talk, and a lot of old womenxafid boarding-schools come to lis-1 ten. I went for a lark, and got sold. The girl was lovely. She- Bj Jove ! who's that ?" He was sitting by the open window, and paso it a party were riding. " Beatrice Meynell !" said Vivian ; " the very girl we've been talking of." " By Jove !" repeated the fair man, a crimson tide of colour rushing to his faoo.> The other a tared. " Well, what's up, Carter ? Going to have a fit of apoplexy ? or struck with love at first sight ?" But Carter did not scorn to see the joke. He ¡neither answered or laughed The flush passed away again, leaving him aa pale as a ghost, and rising, ho stammeicd " I am out of sorts ; that champagne Croft gave us poisoned me. I'll turn into tho mess and get some brandy. No, no, Topham, stay there. I am all right ; only shaky " And waving BIr. Topham back, lie walked off, leaving the men he had been talking to looking after him gloomily enough, for in an Indian climato death dogs a man like his shadow ; and any unusual signs hoisted by Darno Nature are apt to beget a pro ' portionate amount of apprehension. " Ho lives too hard," said Topham. "Poor fellow ! No man could last at the pace. Ho'd much better go in for leave and cut this beastly countiy, or it'll give him what it's given many a good fellow, six foot of landed property." " Nonsense ! he's as strong as you aro. Take a couple of pipes off him, and he'll be as steady as a judge. I don't know what you fellows aro going to do; I'll go and leave a card at tho Chiefs." The others laughed; and Mr. Topham put- ting his arm through Vivian's, said "All right; a fair start and no favour. Come along, old boy. She sits her horse like a brick, in spite of her die-away face " There was a poor gathering that evening at mess. A dinner at the Colonel's thinned their ranks, and Carter was reported to bo ailing, some one added, "A touch of fever," which '" turned out to be the ease, for the Doctor, being called away, came back io about half an hour, and, with a grave face, announced the Adjutant ' decidedly ill, and just in a way that might become dangerous, or even worse, at any moment. CartGr was a popular man ; and a gloom settled down upon those who heard the sad news, two or three going to the door of his quarters with the Doetor and waiting theie for another report. This, unhappily, was worse. Delirium had come on ; tho poor follow was raving, and death was fighting for his prey. " Run over and ask the Colonel to come and, take charge of his papers," whispered the Doctor to one of the men ; " he won't last six hours," The Colonel came and sealed up some letters ' lying about, placed them in a desk, the key of which ho put in his pocket. "Is there no hope, Doctor," he asked, look- ing at Carter, who was lying, muttering inces- santly, shuddering, and clutching with his hands. " I never say that, sir," said Dr. Lewis, " but lI am afraid to hope here." " Poor young fellow !" and tho Colonel laid his .hand on the sick man's burning forehead. " A fine, young, soldier-like man, too; only one who ' knew his work. A more infernal set of bun- glers I never carno across Poor lad, poor lad !" Tho Colonel took his departure; but in crossing the compound bethought him, that these same bunglers might not know the funeral service : so, stopping a soldier, he sent him for tho sergeant on duty, and ordered tho men to bo < told off for funeral parade. i The man hesitated. j " Woll, what is it ?" asked the Colonel im- ] patiently. "Don't they know their work?" < " Well, sir, I am afraid--" i " D-your afraid." growled his commanding o^icer. " Call them out now and_parade them, drums and fifes, too. By Jove ! I'll teach them to know their duty before I've done with them," and the Colonel walked home and turned in, pretty considerably "riled," as our Yankee friends would say. Meantime the fever had worn itself out j and the sick man was lying prostrate, exhausted, and with a weak, fluttering pulse, just tottering upon the brink of that bourne from which no traveller returns. The night was like most nights in the hot season, intensely still, the sulky growl of a Pariah dog now and then only breaking the silence. The Doctor had taken off his coat, and opened every available aperture to let in air ; the punkas were moving steadily, but noise- lessly, and Carter lay stretched on his back, his face pallid and drawn, his eyes closed, and no sound of life issuing from his parched lips. Suddenly, shrill and inexpressibly sad, the notes of the funeral march rang out on the still air, rising, falling, note by note, in solemn measure. For a while no change came over Carter's face, no symptom that the sound had reached his ears : and, after watching for a few seconds, the Doctor drew back, fully impressed with the conviction that death was there at last, and he was turning away, when a bright idea struck him. If he could only excite the sinking pulse, and induce nature to exert herself, she might yet have a tussle with Death, so, going up to the bed, he said cheerily "D'ye hear the music, Carter, old boy ?" Carter's eyes opened, but with such a weak, perplexed look in them that the Doctor, think- ing that delirium was returning, half regretted his experiment j still he was in for it, and went boldly on. " It's you» funeral they're parading for, Dick ; sure, if you don't make an effort, they'll bury you in spite of me. The Colonel was-here just now, and took leave of you. Indeed now, you must rouse up and turn the tables on the old fool ; he's given us cheek enough since he joined." The expression on the sick man's face changed, a faint smile quivered across his lips, followed by a look of inexpressible relief. " I thought it was all over," he whispered, almost inaudibly; "brit we'll cheat them yet." And sure enough he did. "What hour did the Adjutant go off?" asked the Colonel, in a subdued voice, as Vivian sauntered in to early tea. " He began to mond at midnight, sir, and was sitting up walking into cold chicken and sherry, when I left him, ten minutes since. It's not often a man can say he's listened to his own funeral parade." Then there was plenty of laughing, and the Colonel was the only one who did not relish the joke, and heartily glad was he when Carter applied for leave to England, sending up his requisition with a strong recommendation; for he hoped that by thus getting rid of the princi- pal actor, he might banish tho story from men's mouths, Carter never showed his face out of his quar- ters until he got into his palanquin, to be con- veyed away " on furlough." \- " You've left us without a sight of the Beauty," sighed Vivian, who, according to his wont, had been going through the various phases of lovo fever, and had just then reached its zenith. " She's perfect and quite interested in you !" " The devil she is !" gasped Carter." Bearer, go on. Good-bye old fellow, God bless you all. You wont't catch me among jungles and jonpons again in a hurry. Hurrah for old England ! may we all meet there soon." " Good-bye, cood luck to you ! and three cheers for old England, God bless her!" cried several volees. So with kind words, ringing cheers, and no smaU amount of envy, Dick Carter turned his face away from Mcerut, de- voutly hoping ho might never hear more of his life there than was pleasant. CHAPTER II. There was a dinner party at the President Magistrate's that night, and of course the Colonel and his daughter were there, the latter the centre of attraction. Vivian, who had, ac- cording to his own mind, been making some pro- gress with the palo, quiet beauty, was thrown into despairj a brother of the Judge's wife, a certain Major Hervey, had just returned to India after a long leave, and had taken Meorut on his way to the headquarters of his regiment. Hervey was one of those modern Orientons one meets with now and then, perfect or as nearly perfect as human nature can be, in everything he undertook. A hero in the service, irresistible, so gossip affirmed, iu the drawing-room, a dead shot in the jungle, well read, and accomplished, good looking and rich. What would you have more ? With all these things, one might conclude Ilervey's a happy lot, but there is no life with- out its alloy. Hervey had been touched in the most vulnerable point ; he had married, but the marriage had been unfortunate; and after three years' separation, he had gone homejust in time to stand by the unhappy woman's death-bed, and forgive her the wrong she had done him. One child only she left, and this boy he had brought out to India to share his sister's nursery. When Beatrice Mcynell reached the station, Mrs. Masters at once settled that she was the very wife for her brother, and never settled until she had secured the girl's friendship, interesting her as much as possible in her brother, by tell- ing, with all a sister's prejudice, the sal story of his marriage. Indian society Í3 much more of a family sort thun English, and the most private affairs soon loak out ; so it was well known in the statiqn that Beatrice was booked for Major Hervey. Much speculation was afloat; and when they met in the Judge's drawing room, many eyes watched thom with no small amount of envy. "Do you like India, Miss Moy nell?" asked Hervey, when the introduction having been made he took a vacant chair by her side. " Not yet," was the answer, and the sad eyes rose to meet his, with a world of feeling lying hid in their brown depths-feeling totally un- connected with the words that were spoken al- most mechanically. Eyes that were full of unshed'tears, and hid themselves away under their long thick veil of lashes, as if afraid lost they might betray some secret. They had a strange effect upon Hervey as ho looked back into them ; and he scarcely heard the common- place answer the lips gave to his common-place question. " Not yet, but I may do so. It is so different, and I led such a quiet, lonely life in England." " Do you ride ?" " Oh yes ! it is the only thing I care for," and a faint blush came over her face. ' But I do not think /iding along what you call the Mall worth mounting for." " You like going across country, perhaps?" The Major looked at tho slender wrists, and wondered what power they could exercise over a bridle; as he looked, he was oonscious that a deep orimson rushed over the girl's face, and that her eyes fixed themselves on him with an ex- pression of intense fear. He was interested and perplexed, he scarcely knew whether agreeably or not, and in the middle of his agitation she asked " Are you fond of hunting, Major Hervey ?" " Very, it is one of the many hardships of soldiering out here, that we have no such glori- ous sport." " Have you ever hunted in Yorkshire ?" "No : I do not know Yorkshire at all. Gloucester is my county, and the Duko's hounds saw my training. But if you don't like the Mall, why don't you ride early, and have a gallop into the country ?" " So I do, when papa will go." And the Colonel, coming up at this juncture, said " I wish you'd do duty for mc, Hervey ; rid- ing at her pace don't suit my old bones." " I shall be delighted, if Miss Moynell will accept my escort." Beatrice bowed. Vivian, who was looking on, sworo she blushed, and went off to the other end' of the room to offer Captain Batchelor ten to two that Hervey married Beatrice in a month. By which it will bo seen that Mr. Vivian's ma- trimonial hopes being on the decline, he was willing to make a compromise with his heart, and if he could not win a wife at least win some- thing. Tbc dinner party on the whole was a success Beatrico had talked more than usuol, and Hervey had scarcely loft her side all the even- ing, so that there was some excuse for Mrs. Masters' triumph. When she and her brother were alone she asked " How do you like Beatrice, Charley ?" "I don't know." "Don't know!" sho exclaimed. " Why you flirted with her all night. You surely can tell mo if you like her ?" " She is a very peculiar girl," he answered dreamily. " Surely you think her pretty ?" "Oh! yes, more; beautiful I think; what is her story ?" " Story !" laughed Mrs. Masters, " story, sir, God bless you, I've none to tell ; what story can a girl of eighteen, never out of a schoolroom, have? What strange fancies you men take !" "Maybe," replied Hervey drily; "but that does not alter the case. Miss Meynell has a story and a painful one, too." " How absurd you are, Charley ! Now here have I been moving heaven and earth to bring you and Beatrice together; and directly you meet her you take it into your head that sho has done something dreadful." " I did not say so, Mary." .'Well, then, suffered something?" "Not that either; you see you thing with mo, for you've hit upon the very idea that came into my head when I looked into those marvel- lous eyes of hers- you've given form to my very thoughts. Don't bo vexed, dear; I am puzzled by her. I like her j and what's more, I'll either fall madly in love with her or else I'll-But nevor mind now ; good night ; don't toll your good man what I've said-two heads are enough. I'll know in forty-eight hours which way the stream will run, and if I say I am going you'll know how I feel. If I stay I'll trust to you to help me." With whioh arrangement Mrs. Masters was fain to bo content. In two days her brother carno to her " Mary, will you put me up for a month ?" " Of course I will. Oh ! I am so glad ; I've hardly dared to move in ca.«e I bothered you or carno in your way, And so it's all right, and Beatrice'will have you?" Hervey smiled. " I've not asked her yet ; 1 but I'll have her if I can get her " " Story and all ?" said Mrs. Masters mis- chievously. A dark frown, followed by a look of pain, caine over Ilervoy's face. " Don't say that again, Mary, or hint at such a thing. 1 was a fool to say it to you ; a fool to let such absurd suspicions enter my head ; and I'd bo worse than a fool if I Buffered any such childish fancy to come between mo and such an angel as she is." (To be continued.') 