TIM SHEA'S CASE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRISBANE COURIER. SIR -Those of your readers who know any- thing of the circumstances connected with the cruelty to, and death of the late, Tim Shea, and who are endowed with tho ordinary feelings of humanity, must be very thankful to you for re- publishing from our paper some of the evidence taken by the Maryborough Police Magistrate concerning the actual sufferings and ending of the poor wretch. The paper you republished from, I regret to say, did not lay the evidence at all fully and fairly before the public. Had it faithfully per- formed its duty, yours and its readers would havo been put in possession of facts which Englishmen may instinctively doubt the truth of, but which no Englishman, deserving the title, should rest contented with until they were disproved beyond all doubt, or the perpetra- tors of them figuratively torn to pieces. I am informed that the Government have been furnished with the evidence, in extenso, taken on oath, and from my knowledge of the awful transaction I beg to advise you that the same ought lo be obtained at once, and fully published for general information. I am pre- pared to supply you with a complete history of the case, but wait to see what course the Government and the public are disposed to pursue, towards the chief delinquents. There have been several awards made and orders given within a short timo, by the Gayn- dah Bench, which should have awakened the attention of the Government to the temper that has tinged its decisions. But the treating of an expiring fellow creature as a vagrant, turn- ing a deaf ear to his cries for " charity to a dying man"-shutting the heart, the eyes, the ears, to the poor fellow's piteous appeals for " mercy and for shelter in tho hospital ;" enclosing his emaciated body in a three bushel bag, with holes cut for his head and arms to protrude through, and in that state starting him on tho road as a prisoner, and when he affirmed so vehemently " that the journey would kill him," discloses the most re- volting case imaginable ; and it ought to be sufficient to moke the authorities call the whole batch of magistrates and officials connected with the Court in question to account. The miserable victim died, as he said he must, and as the constable before starting said he must, and as everybody who saw him in Gayn- dah or met him on the way down said he must, on the road. He died like a dog ; and the officer, ere he left Gayndah, was instructed to bury him. Fortunately for the ends of justice, the dray on which his sufferings were ended, oarried him beyond the reach of the court-beyond where it could suppress the transaction. "What am I to do, sir?" was the natural question by the escorting constable, " if he dies on the road ;" " bury him," was the reply. Your readers may inquire if this is extracted from some sensation novel, others may oxclaim "such cannot be in any Christian country." Wait, I sorrowfully ask you, until the evidence and more than the evidence trans- pires about tho Gayndah treatment of poor "Tim Shea."- l am, HIS GHOST. Musket Flat, December 3. 