THE LATE TOM ; SAYERS; , "Poor Tom's'V, coïdl*': Within a briej space, Lords Lyndhurst and Palmerston. Leecli and Heiring, the very cracks of their calling) haye gone ,down, and now .Sayers' the,hero of so many fights, has joined the silent dead. It waBap ain, homely name,but there was nota comer of the wor d where it had no t been; heard. His championship had been won and held on a harder tenure than riding a charge into West- minster Hall, throwing down a ' mailed glove, and then breaking out again. Three titled Thomases furnished inspirations to the poet of the old "Tommiad,*^ and;Cribb, Spring, and Sayers are heroes ra et .for, the new. -With " Little Tom," as the world loved to calU/hiot when he " gave away fivè inches and nigh ihreo stone," the choicest memories of tke( Ring die out.' They date back to the days when »tars and garters thronged ..he Newmarket cockpt- whoa the Fives Court) with Jljoin Johnson or " Big Ben " on its stage, wsa as popular with t<\--e Corinthians as Vauxhall-and when princes" of the blood (did not scruple to back the'r man beneath the gibbet of Jerry Abershàwi: Dean Milner, in bis zeal for universal .knowledge, did not scruple toi cross examine f Mendoza os. to his art when they met on the deck of a paoket-boat ; and D ick.Chrwtian assures us that the Rutland- shire magistrates ' rushed off, when sessions were over, " the wh lo kit on 'em," to the fight at Thisletbn Gap. ' Mid and rustics'were long wont: to preserve "Yon (dáyí when . Cribb walloppcd Molineux,'"aa a guiding daté infamily mattera, and in the witness-box as well; Modern history will have its work; cut out to, decide between rival' beliefs 'wheUteV the spring and Langau tournoy or " the crowning mercy " is thc bona fide battle at Worche?ter ; and, désp'te the cock lings of the clan Hadfield, tho " Farnborough meadow where Sayers arid Heonan stripped to the buff for the Championship, of' that bright April morning, has a solid 'significance for millions. Tom's challenge, and its. prompt acceptance in the N ew World, touched a " truly British '' chord. Patriarchs burnished upjhoir memories, and boasted how t'o ''' Gentleman Jackson' of their boyhood was wont to be Lord Penmure's guest at Brechin, and told strange anecdotes cf. the bold Belcher^ and Pearce, the Game Chicken.J1 A perfectly new body of fistic literature sprang up. Stately papers, which'had hitherto frowned on the Fancy from a distance,"was com polled'to come into the faslii.n, and even thc more serious one8 quoted thom, merely as they said, for reproof and warning, but really to got .ho leading facts oil to the record. ' " Essays in ?ho intervals of business" wore oral and highly pugilistic in their tone. Paterfamilias knew by close application to his sporting paper how Heonan had evaded the Buffalo hail bonds, and, how tr^IjWraVm"^ had greeted him as he ateppetf frota id j/Canard cabin on to English soil. "íBttllí" and ^ bears" paused amid their labours to discuss what diocese he would next choose for his training, when tho Bishop of Salis- bury had cursed him by'caudle, bell, and book. '.-Pleaccman X" chuckled over the discomfiture of the .Meddlesome Mat ies from Ely, who begged the Newmarket benah in vain to endorse their.warrant against «föne Thomas Sayers;" and the spir't; of ¡tho faithful Commons ran so high on the eve of theJight that, if " the intelli- gent foreigner'had penetrated the smoking-room he would have left it with the rooted convie ion that Sam Bogers would be called to the bar of the Bouse, and publicly thanked by «ho Speaker for smuggling Tom out of Newmarket in a horse box. if ten thousand had been t e bail, the Stock Exchange and 'l attersall's would have found the money rather than mar such a meeting. As for Sir Richard Mayne and the Home . Secre- tary, who could doubt that the Premier had made them " safe." or that Pam " Hold the bottle, and Europa the »take»" on that truly eventual day ? Even gentle women who would haye shrunk from ¿ny sympathy in the events of à common t«ing Tuesday, felt the soft infection, and did "so hope our man would win." And yet "our man" was the most un- concerned of all. On Sunday, the only news oi him was that he had taken his wa ks abroad, or rather mused, in the Higbga'e meadows with hts children. On Monday, he had only seen a few friends who were anxiqu> to feel his muscle, and had " gone to .bed at an |early hour " The "Sou heys of the Ring" have told what caine with bis waking -how from the recesses of his carriage, just as the grey dawn struggled into day, he saw, for the first time, his tall rival, eliding like a ghost, in a long loose coa', and a false beard and moustache, along the platform how he turned and took a nap, as if such an immensely muscular Christian had been quite a soothing vision - how, with his left arm disabled and folded helplessly on his breast, he s'ood up the forty first round, and all but reduced Heenan to blindness ; and how, from that day forward, the right arm of man received a name new to anatomists, to wit, " the auctioneer. ' Then came the second act of Farnborough drama, rich in strange incongruities and "start- ling effects." Heenan rancorously persisted ia living when one, if not two, non-sporting journals, in their new-born zeal, had billed him ; and his American doctor was presented at Court. Tom bore himself modestly, and only word a ring pr two more, and a magnificent diamond brooch, which he valued at thirty guineas. A Bluchor or, a Wellington could n it have boen received moro rapturously on the Stock Exchange, which felt in its breeches' pockets as well as its he»rt for him ; and £3000 was invested for himself and his children. Then tho " bottle-holder," unshackled by official reserve, came bul in his true light, and gave his "fiver" when tho Parliamen'purse went round. Mr. Gully greeted Tom with all the warmth of an old gladiator, when they met on the Heath, and added, as he well might dp, " 1 don't know. Tom, how you did it. ' After thia we had .dismal and diurnal " reconciliations,1' and buck- ling on of borrowed belts at the Alhambra; and, when " benefits ' began to run dry, the man who had been the genius of one ring essayed to be the Widdicomb of another. The mana- gerial bus'-ness was not Tom's forte. He liked well . enough . tho triumphal car entry as .phompion info a town, drawn by all the avail-; able horse strength of the establishment, and the mules. Pete and Barney, as his esquires ; but that didri't lost long. A chat, with h:s old Camden Town friends or driving his dun cort in a gigrwas his mode of, enjoyment. There was a sort of sublime indifference or quiet stoicism about him. He believed thoroughly in Heenan and Captain Barclay, very slightly in mag'stra es, and certainly not m the existence of an Oxford Vice Chancellor, or the necessity of a license from "* such a stiff cove "-before he pitched his circus. Hence bis best friends found him a child of nature uncommonly bad to guide, when keep- ing in condition was all-essential, or whenever " a difficulty," domestic or otherwise, turned up. In short, .save that he scorned to sponge on anyone, he was much of the same turn of mind a's " Mr. Toots's Chicken,'' who reduced all his practical advice to "go in and win," and con ? 8idered, when'consulted on an affa;r of tho hear', that doubling-up the stern fathar of your lady- love was decidedly a move in the right direction. 'Such mea may not do as counsellors, and such bulldog, valour may not have a general application, but ' still it carri d our men with a steady tread up the heights of the Alma, and kept the square unbroken at Waterloo. Tom knew no pain him- e'f, and hence ho had no perception of the delicate duties of a second ; and, a ad ùi a fur cap, a yellow flannel ves% and jack-boots, he handled Heenan by his hair, or wherever he could first catch him, in the fight the last he ever attended-when he seconded him against King. Although by no means;pug nacious in his temper, he had no idea of being chaffed, and did not care much for being fe cd. When he was once made the hero of a supper party, lie merely lay down on the sofa when he 'h<d fiuished bis meal and went to sleep ; and when on another occasion, he fancied that he wa» asked merely to make sport for the Phil s tines, he growled out that he would presently walk round the table and." punch all your heads." A bench of cbuntryimagistratea also remember well his stony British stare, and his growl of " Who are you ?" when the " fastest" of their body claimed acquaintance with him, as a show off, in front of a county hotel. His foatures, ¡ however, wore their kindliest glow when Sir Tatton sought him out .in the Doncaster enclo- sure, and congratu'a ed him on his triumphs. The old baronet wai dain y in his fistic rccogni tions, and mere'y walked round " the Staley bridge Infant;' but when Nat Langham took his stand next to him at tho rat's, and reminded him how he bad beaten 'l om In his day, ho at once drew off his venerable beaver g'ove, and, suiting the word to the deed, said, in bis gentío way, " Well, then, sir, I can how say that I've shakeu.hands with twp brave men." A word on his early life. ' Tom was the y Punges' of eight, and his father, who is a fae simile of the son- barriug the broken nose bridge-is a ha'o old fo low of seventy-three and nursed him tenderly to tho . last. One brother, Charles, is a shoemaker in Crown court, Haymarket, and another is a butcher in Pimlico, Brighton, whore Tom was born. Thoy do not remember much about his babyhood, except that it began at eleven on a moonlight night, at the time of Black Rock Fair. He was very " masterful' from' the first, and soon got the better ol his mother when he cou'd'do little more than toddle and clutch her by tho gown. "Do what we would, be was always fighting some boy or another ;*' and whence was onl I thirteen, and along wi h a Brighton coal duale ho bad trained a na'« to " box" out of^businei ! hours. He was like a young.Bendigo with it 1 now cross-couut*ring it, now slipping . under il belly and thou on its back, ti l the bf aat, ha wi d with-rag«.and -baffled science, would »na round at bis legs. No persuasion could indui him to go to school, and lie hardly knew li ia phabet. He became too much for the coal dealer, whom Tom, even,at Ins tender yeari ! never scrupled toibring home by the collar out < j his bacchanalian haunts, and he was only, in h j fourteenth summer when he reached London o I foot, or by lifts on tho waggon as his half- ponc held out, and presented himself at the house c his brother-in-law, Mr. Robert King, a buildc ia Camden Town. \- Mr. King remembered the 'ad's saucy repl about his boots when he visited Brighton a yea or two before wi h h s wife (who was the eldee of the family), and when he learnt that he ha come for a'trade, he pu h'm to " serve the hod to the plasterers. Tom gave him ia world < trouble, as he would get off the scaffold and s< himself to the best work when the men s back were turned, and as a ma1 ter of course, apoi it. He had been playing oftsoine of these trick during a job at a sea captain's, who took th complaint second-hand to Mr. King. "I* ?ike. to take you to sea, you confounded youn Turk ; I'd have some of your lazy blood out < you,'' said tho son of Neptune. "Id have som of your lazy blood our of you, old fellow, replied the undaunted little Tom, ' if you dare tackle me, We'd roll overboard together." Wit that Toni brushed home to his sister, but he wa in no humour to listen to reason. " I'll pay th man off who. told of me," he snorted out ; " an what's more, IM make my name ra'tle throug all London," and with this startling prophecy which he clenched with " I ll te up in Londo soon; I'll learn no other," ho sheered off witt out a good-bye, and walked lair heel and toe t Brighton, round by,Portsmouth. He «as tru to his word, and his brother-in-law found him few months after at a building be was com pleting in Ho'loway-rbad. He had put himse to work without asking anybody, and he wou' vouchsafe his relative no explanation except " won't stir from here till I'm a bricklayer." Mi King had a ways a sneaking fancy for this Iittl King Absolute and as it was no use to look n that determined litt e face and be angry, li told him to "Gohome to your sister, and tel her to give you a plu'ub-bob and trowel." An so Tom did, and not only flatly refused to sa; " please" when he delivered the order, bu shortly commenced putting other Brighton boy to work without referring them to anybody. Ii fact there never was a more daring young dog He would be at the top of the tree one way o another, nod by try'ng at arrhes, &c;, Ion; before he had learnt his trade, he se* all the mei laughing at him. A iura-up with one or two o them who were too demonstrative decided hi new profession. He conveyed his decision tc his sister in bis own terse way--" 1 like to siam up ; I've to stoop too many times to lay bricks.1 His mother (unlike the bold Bondy's who sh wi ' the paps wbicb he sucke I, and only iel frightened lest her son thbuld kill every man lu met) fretted sorely over his ch ice, and in one o his milder moods he confessed to his sister whet she pressed him, " Of course, I was happiesi \- laying bricks." Life in a gig was what Tom loved best, ant half London, remember, when they, were wait- ing for the Piince's bride,-how, with a face as a door-knocker, he drove down tho whole Imo, a: if it was aa hereditary Champion tight, and nc " blue" bid I im nay. This was about the las! time that the general public saw their " Utile man." He bad lived from tho very first time he was matched as if he never thought that hi: legs were to carry a Champion, and when he had worn the belt, he was still prodigal of himse'i and the finest of constitutions : but nature had her full revenge six months before he was for y. The late hours of the circus, and facing the son: of harmony, with their appetites, as boundless as the Dragon of Wantley's, for brandy and c gars, wore him out at last. In the early part of this year he bad wasted to a shadow, but was skil- ful y patched U|> by the spring, and there be was seeing the Derby horses saddled, with a face whioh ra.'her wore the Honduras mahogany hue of his fighting days than the hectio flush of dis- ease. It was, however, o.ily a Ventnor re- covery, and even during tho long warm summer he dropped, day by day. He longed to Bee Tonbridge once more before he died. It was the place he liked best in his days of health, when he lived at the Brown Jug and trained on the Padtow-road. Go he drove d iwn in his gig, and made his head-quarters at " the Bull," and once got os far as Hastings. His nppe'ite was so feeble that he could hardly fane/ a n¿w-!aid egg, and if bo had a partridge he would scarcely swallow a couple of ounces. He would lie by day on the sofa in the smoking-room, and go to bed at eijit only to face another long and rest- less night. AU knew, aa poor Young Broom (Bill Evans) said of himself, that be was " sent for,'' »nd his face of deep settled pain showed what ho suffered, but he met his doom in silence with the stern calmness of a Mohawk chief. Day by . day they watched him growing weaker and weaker, and when he could hardly crawl ou' into the sunshine he sold his gig, and came back by the train to London to die. This wai on the Saturday of tho Doncaster weet, and there were still two weary months before the grand relief came to that brave and suffering sou'. On his return from Tonbridge, on S?ptember 16, ho carno to his sister's (Mrs. King) hou<o, and stayed with ber about three weeks. His I cough was very bad, but he never spat blood, and his appeiito and health improved EO much that at ono time they quite hoped he might come round. None of tho family had ever been con sumpiive, and they thought that his death, and much of the pain ho suffered, was owing to a severe blow on the .left shoulder-blade, about six months ago. He was driving near St. Pancras Church, when some one on the pavement, who had inflicted on him a grievous wrong, insu'ted " the sick lion" with a g-sturo as ho passed. Ho pu'ied up instantly, and giving the reins to his fa her, jumped out to chastiso thc follow, and fell heavily on the kerb-stone in his burry. 'J his accident, added to diabetes and a severe cold, which ho caught at Brighton Races, sealed his fato. Lie left his sister's on the Saturday thrco wcoks before his (leith, atti removed all his things to an old friend's (Mr. Mensley), a largo shoe manufacturer, of 257, High-stree-, Camden Town, who had always made bis fighting-boots. On tho next day ho dined in tho coua ry with a friend, and then ho took to his bo I,, and never left it again. His clorgyman ofien came to see him, and whea he stayed away for a day or two under-a misapprehension that Tom in one of his wayward moods had turned against him, he chill him for his absence In the earlier part of his .illness he never alluded to ibe chances of death, and such was his curious and reserved temperament, that with almost savage energy, lie charged his sis'er, who had ot er done a true sister's part by him-" Never say that you taught me a prayor and read the Bible,.aniLthut I prayed after you." ;A; fortnight" before bia death he was moro teachable.^ab^1IfoxJh.e,,first time he was heard (p confess that it was f all ,up." At .times, he. wpold call out bitterly in h's agony ; but for forty-eight hours before the ? lose he was almost ;Tns-psible, »nd for nearly half that time he was dying hard. His doc or thought that ho could hard y baye' seen ,; the morai g of Wednesday, but ; it was s;x o'clock that.evening I'eforehe found rest.. He was lying in his coffin when we saw him> on Friday. The muscles of the face stood out bo'dly for. such a waste! skeleton,, and there [was still much of the life expression left in . his half closed eyes The box, with the trophies rand belts, was not there, but his own photograph, with h's medals on his breast, and the print of" the Farnborough Morning, took us sadly back; from that pde and still troubled face to tho days of his usty prime On . the wall above it, and keeping, as it were, watchband ward to the last over the coffin, whose brass* plate bore hp.vaunt- ing inscription, hung tho pho ograph o'f Harry Granton the faithful second in his great battle«, and, as Tom was . wont, to. say oí him. ''.The kindest soul to me that ever breathed,'';and faithful to the la t. : Tom leaves two children,, one . of them a very fine boy called .after hiin'stlf, and at present at school at Harlow. ; J 