FOROINO THE OTEN DOOR. For several dari the Tirara . has b.en busily, and vigorously engaged In. what the French describe as forcing an open doer. It has been angrily denouncing what oanpot ba, and insisting on what. Bluely must be.' lt has been at great pains to show ' that Lord Russell should net walk into a well, or run bis bead ;straight against a wall., Bat why was it. to be supposed that Lord Russell had not ejes to see his way clear? Why was it to be assumed that he had hot tho sense to know whero bis goveromeut is weak, and where'and how it must be streogthenei ? It required no great confidence in Lord Russell to suppose - that, with his long Parlia- mentary experience, he would be fully a ware of the effect of Lord Palmerston's loss in tho Commons, and pre- pared to repair it by all miana available. It was not reasonably to be imagined that the government ia like those insects which, when they have lost a head, go on 'without it jost as before, and may be lossoned to any extent without apparent inoonvonior.oo. There is no auch vitality in ministries, and Lord Russell needs' no ghost to admonish him to recruit hie forces where they are weak. Rut .his dotraotora take it for grautod, for an undeniable truth, that he is incorrigibly addioted to a coterie, and averse to the introduction of how men ; and tho Times asks whether he, like'his predecessor, is "oaroful to keep what is good in the old, and to seize what is good h the new, loyal to ¡ h is early friends, but eagor.to enrol rising talent in hts service.'1 We coLfefs our utter ignorance of the last merit, and should be glad to learn a single instance, Lord Palmerston s cabinet did not ¡cotudo any men who had not risen. Mr. Milner Gibson, Mr. Chattes Villiers, Mr. Cardwell, were all men who had made'their way, who wanted no helping hind, and had as muoh at least to give as to receive. For tho reBt Lord Palmer- ston' preferred thu veterans, and it was at bis earnest solicititioa that Sir George (Grey returned.to the Heme-oiScr, winn a younger and moro enorgetie man might have been appointed.- Wo Bay this without meaning disparagement of a minister who has many mcritB, bat merely to show ' that Lord Palmerston was not so anxious and ready to infuje new bluod as Lord Russells Mon toi» would' p riuade the public . And In every Government . thero must and should bo a great preponderance of tho tried men, even with tho disadvantage of age. Now, however, tho time is come when men new to office must be brought forward to strengthen tho. ministerial .posi- tion in the House of Commons. But.wo deny that tho position , is so naked as deioribcd in the Timos in this Îlossage, and others to the same effect :-" No one who s conversant with recent politics, no one who appre- ciates the present diflioulifOJ of tho government, caa doubt that the. neglect .to recognise and on cou'ago tho merit of .members'of the Liwor House by Invitations to office has been a. chief fault of our aristoo rat I ont ly COD* otitutcd liberal gororameata* Mr, Gladatoue reiurns thanks _for » home"wh'ch he lesùll almost without col laigcot to help him." . - ' " Hoir «ra we to reomoile "this reproach with the; praito given to Lord Palmerston for his eagerness ta enrol rising talent ? And if Mr. Gladstone bsa to lead without coieagues to help him, tho faalt has in main part been due to paît manasem nt. Amongst the younger ministers, Mr. Charles Villiers, Mr. Milner Gibson, Mr.Gird well, are allman ot »uperior abilities and debating powers-tbe'former two with the ready I talent of reply so valuablom the skirmishing of parlia- mentary war.: and if they hare not bean moro brought forward and exerted, th' fault bas been with the leaden of the bouse, who casts the parts of bit ç?l?ÇR gnesi; .The tra;h is' tuattorj I'arlmerálon» like Can- ning, depended (oj muoh'on hid own bat. There mint now be a new. system, the old capacities m re drawn , upoD, and new capacities, brought forward.-But nason able time must be 'allowed for' the arrangements, for wbiob Lord Bussoll has'all faoilit'os in the exoellent dis- positions of hisi colleagues, whose foll confidence be en.ejrí. -Examiner.'. . . ... ( I THE STATE or GBEEOH. -A ' corresponden»; whose letters appear in the oity article of the Timer, draws attention to the condition and. prospecta of Greece, whose. frequent changes of ministry within the;last few weeks have been noticed, lie says : -".Thé pre- sent .condition and prospects of Greece are daily be- coming mote critical, and ? it miy be, truly said that ; theienoiuraging predictions of many of its friends, consequent upon the acceptance of the throne by the present Kin?, haye been, so far, falaSed. For some time yet to cóme this unfortunate kingdom 'appears destined to remain'on tho verge of national bank- ruptcy,-and without any hope of . social or material improvement. The reasons are.obvious to all those who know what is at' presont passing in that country. Greece is burdened with a standing army of 10,0'O men; Involving an annuli expèn'diure of £200,000 sterling, equal to one fifth of the revenue ; for all pur- poses of local or domestic requirem nts this army ia use- less, and as Greece is not likely to enter upon a foreign war to protect her frontier; or to enforce some real or imaginary claim against any other Power,' her national existence, moreover, ' being guaranteed by the three protecting Powers, it follows that au n-ray of this com- I parative magiii ude is worthless. Attached to it aro £00.1 officers of all ranks, the majority of whom are living in perfoat idleness, and, it may be stld, are mero pensioners on the State. Unless a ministry .can be formed strong esougb to grapple, with this monstrous evil by at' once removing these parties,from a life of military iqactivity, and thus forcing them to seek, an honest livelihood, there can be no hope for' Greese. Again, the very system of government is based on o ir- ruption for with the ohange of ministry there is a chango : of ' every offioer and subordínalo in all depart- ments of tbe State, that room may bo mida for the friends and relatives of the incoming ministers. 1 need not state what an amount of patronage and corruption is thus placed in-the bands ot .the Govern- ment. The newly appointed officials are, of course, anxious to get the most while the sun shines, and_ those who have been turned put of office are equally solicitous for thoir' turn to como again that they may havo another oppor.unity . of enriching themselves at the expense of the nation. These are the evils which, I grieve to say, exist in Greece, and the only answer my, countrymen make, when they aro pointe! out, is that the nation is poor ; yet no one among: them has'tho' courage to raise his voice against suoh iniquit us pro- ceeding's. It is true that the country, is poor, but what it requires at present more tban richea is aa infusion of moral.and intellectual principles ; lot but these appear, and Greece bas nil the elemcuts and materials of pros- perity within her ; but if instead, she should still pursue her present course, I can see nothing but ruin staring her in the face, and she will continue to b<>, as. at prisent, a wretosod and downcast state,' and a .by- word and reproach among tbe'nations." IBIS» NOTIONS o» THB RianTS or . PROPERTY.-On Sunday morning a printed notice was posted on eaoh pillar of the gate leading to the liomin Catho io . Chapel, City. Q'iay, Dublin, wbiob ia clearly meant to intimidate a.coal company. The company has purchased the premises adjoining the chapel. The only entrance to the premises lately acquired by purchase . from Mr. Robert Hoey, at a cost of 41000, is by the «arno gate as leads to the chapel ; and in tho lease of the ground for the ohapel, Mr. H ey, the landlord, reserved to himself the "right of way" to his yard, through the entrance to the chapel premises. This lease has been executed by the present priest of the chapel, who, there- fore, must know its conditions. To the premises of Mr. Hoey there, is ho other en trauco but this reserved ' right of. way.,", i On Sunday, .morning' the following, printed document . appeared ' oh the pl'lars ' of tho ! chapel jràte:.-Notice.-As this chapel has been built' tor our accommodation and spiritrtal wants, and for the use of the poor of this neighbour-' hood, and, aa the yard in front forms part of tue con- secrated ground on which the chapel is ereoted, wo, the coal porkers of the quays, will not permit thé yard. to be nsw for fcra(lio,or conveyance' by any company ia pursuit of their worldly trau*aotiona.'', Ibis is rather a'summary method of dealing,with the.ooal' company's ," tenant right," and of, ejecting Mr. Hoey from, his interest , in his own ' property. The coal porters expect to override leases, and. covenants, and alilogal deeds, andi do just as they please. This is tho meaning ,of the foregoing " notice/.' which we need hardly say was -noyer drawn by a coal porter, ' nor printed, nor posted on the ohapel gates, without, others besides the eoil porters being consulted. Dublin Express. FORBIDS- JOUBKALS IX FRANCE.-It results from a oo'rrespnndence betweon the editor of the Independence Beige and the French Post-office, that every prefect, and oven every sub-preffc', bas a discretion .to rotard; tho delivery of foreign journals in France. A paper, distributed at Paris may.be confiscated at Lille, Bor-' doanx.'or Marseille?. Formerly the profeot of the Nord used to koop the Belg:an Journa s longer on Sunday than other days, just sis thoy do in Paris. That, says the editor bf the' Indépendante, was a very nitaral thing ; for, Sunday being a holiday, thoBô V pariahs," foreign journals, might well watt while the authorities were hunting, shooting, .or . fishing. But now tho 1 weekly exception bas'passed info a rule,, and it happens, ! mo: e oft on thin not that the Belgian papers are not 1 distributed till S6 or 41 hours after thoir arrival. DESSIABK.-The King of Denmark has haued à ' proclamation expressing bis satisfaction that thinks to .< tho good understanding, between tho two Chambers of. tbe Rigsra'tid, a groundwork has been formed opon which tho work , in viow-the revision of the Constitu- . tion-maybe carried out, and «Lieh will guarantee tho liberty and prosperity of the country. He also stutos :-"It is with speoial satisfaction that wa havo seo» the zeal displayed by the' Rigsraadin joining our patriotic desire to lighten the heavy oharges whion tho war his imposed upon a por lion of onrdosr and beloved; subjects ; and, in proclaiming the close of this third session extraordinary of the Rigsraad, wo enter'ain the < firm hope that, with God's blessiog, and the support of tho people, wo shall'siicceed in assuring tho prosperity of th" oountry. A foolish practical 'joke was lately plaid at Rastatt, which proved eventually to be no joke to tho party playing it. , A soldier belonging to the company on guard wrapped himself up in leaves and branches in such a manner as entirely to conceal bis humanity, and in the middle of the night crept up on all fours to one' of tho sentinels Tbe latter, astonished at tba oxtraor dinary phenomenon, challenged it three times without 1 receiving any -answer. Upon this be put his bayonet into it, and tho intruder fell' without uttering a Bound, i It was bis last jokoJ The man waa dead, ? At the court of assizes of the Seine a man named i Pierre Jullio, has JUBI boon tried for the murder of bis daughter, a girl whom the evidence plainly shows to havo been " the | rido of her village." She endeavoured to protect her mother from the repeated savago assault of her father, BO ho went out, drank brandy, to strengthen his nerves, bought a knife, and came back and stabbed his daughter to the heart. Tho jury found him guilty, but with extenuating circumstances, and ho was Bent to tho hulks for life. ? Amongst the patents lately taken out in Franco are tho following J - A hygienic alphabet, ia gingerbread ; a mo'hod of making iiesd-drcsses, caps, and pocket handkerchiefs in paper ; °a mechanieal fan, opening and shutting inBtantenously ; a machine for cutting stone by means ofa system of points, reproducing minutely tue relief required ; an apparatus for making doat peop'o hear ; and no fewer than ten patents for stop- ping railway trains. Dunno.-Tho drought, which to long overhung the length and breadth of this fair land, lins at laBt broken; Tho signs of dosohitiott it created aro fast disappearing.; and in our own immediato neighbourhood, rich verdure is quickly springing up on thoso wido plains which a foyv .wooka ago wcro littlo else than deserts, olTaring neither sustenanco to man or boast. . Everything round looks ohoorful-tho fàniishod flocks and herds aro ira jswving, and considering tho timo the drought lasted, I our Station , holdors bear their losaos with far better ^ graco tuan could bo expected. -Dubbo Dispatch. j 