PICKINGS FROM PUNCH. DEFINITION OP A TEIUI (BY 0UB OWN WEPPKn's GHOST.) Making a dead Bet'— a party of ghosts arrang ing a quadrille. speeches mr an old bmokkb. Thev call vou selfish. Sir. do tliev» What. Ihev mean is that you decline to sacrifice yourself to themselves. Everybody does as ho pleases, with or without reflection. Well, Sirl A man commonly called bcliish differs from those who call him so merely in following his own inclinations under the restraint of intelligence. The ass and the pig have few wants, and don't care to supply any wants but their own. Y ou may believe some people who tell you they can bo con. tent with a little. Sir, the reason why they object to your love of money is— because it keeps your money from them, AMUSEMENT FOR TOU.VO LADIES ON A WET APTKHNOON. letting their eyebrows. THK UMllltELLA TAX. To persons who are gifted with small means and large families, what a delightful place America must be just now to live in 1 Here in England we complain and crumble about income tax, but how our growls would be increased if we resided in America! The taxgathcrer there has a finger in every family pie, and nothing that is made or sold can escape his hungry clutches. As a homely illustration, only look at this :— 'Each part of an umbrella has been taxed once, some parts twice, before the umbrella is completed, when it in taxed u^um as a whole. There is a tax on the silk, alpaca, or gingham, a tax on the handle, a tax on the ferrule, a tax on the frame, a tax on tho material of which tho elastic band is composed, and a second tax on the band, a tax on the button, a tax on the tassel if there be one; the tax on the silk or alpaca is fifty or sixty per cent ad valorem on importation, the tax on each port made in tho Union is six per cent, ad valorem, and the tax on the umbrella is again nix per cent, ml valorem.' In England, stealjni,' an umbrella is scarcely viewed u theft, but it can hardly he bo leuiontly treated in America. Taxed as it ifl there, an umbrella must be valued us a costly piece of pro perty, and the law no doubt awards a very heavy penalty to those who steal, or Imply even liorrotr an umkella. of course no one in New York now dreams of lending his umbrella without taking an acknowledgment and formal lioitd for its return; and if the bond be broken wo dare Hay that tho holder is by law empowurud to dap the borrower in prison, and keep him there until tho lvut umbrella be icplaccd. Expensive as they must Ikj, while ovory part of them is taxed, umbrellas must lie g.uite h coutly part of an establishment, and a Cruwua in New York, in lieu of boasting of his homes, doubtless brags about the uumlier of umbrellas that he keeps. Instead of showing you his stud, he proudly bids you come and look at bis umbrella- stand, and aska you just to guess the price he gave for that green gingham, or huw many hundred dollars he iiaiil down fur that lirown silk. Young men who wank to marry are proliahly deterred by the thought that they will huvu to find their wife an umbrella— a luxury which at present they are too pour to afford. No doubt, too, among the attractions of a widow must be reckoned the umliroUas which have been kindly bequeathed to her; and when in New York a young couple have sol up their umbrella, people know they are prospering, und expect to sec them ere long setting un Uieir brougham. UN A DRAMATIC AUTHOn. ' Yes, he's a plagiarist,' from Tom this fell, ' As talus social faults, Sir, one excuses 'cm; 'Cos bo's nood natured, taken a joke so well,' 'True,' cries an author, 'He takes mine and uses 'cm.' FOIl THE BOTANICAL BOCIKTT. A fast young lady, ou being shown a tobacco plant at Chatsworth, asked if it was the geueu logical tree of the Cavendishes. TUB MTSTEHY OF MILK. Some people wonder that, under existing circum stances, the price of milk in ixindon has not risen. Jint the rinderpest docs not affect the cow with tho iron tail. MU. CHU3TT ON Till COST OF FEMININE COSTUMt i'«n-7(, my boy— Uciug (happily for me, 1 think) a regular old bachelor, and not having to find rai ment for a wife and Beven daughters, I take some pleasure every month in reading the particulars of new and costly costumes, which, my newspaper informs me, are coining in vogue, it is true a single life is not invariably comfortable— indeed, it cannot be so long as shirt buttons exist— but an old bachelor at auy rate is free from the annoyance of hearing that eternal jabbe ration about finery which wive!i and daughters usually are certain to keep up. Moreover, he is free from the expenses incidental to those visits of the milliner to which this jalibo ration generally leads. Single as I am, I cahnljr Binoke my meerschaum in my solitude at home, and rood with perfect equanimity such details as the following, which, if i were|niarricd, would fill mo with dismay :— 'Town toilette.— Poult-de-soie dress, with two petticoats; the first is garnished at the bottom by a band of Astracau fur; the second is bordered by a large cord. Bodice cut in a point in front anu behind; straight sleeves ornamented with Astncan fur; bonnet of black velvet, ornamented simply oa an ICmpire form by a large barbe of lace ; In tho interior, band of velvet, on' which are attached small chains of gold, retaining gold soqutns; mull of ABtracan fur.' ?» How 1 hug myself to think that 1 have no wife of my bosom, who might bother me to buy her such a gorgeous dress as this! Fur. velvet lace, and gold ! What a swellcss Bhe would be I Bonnet 'on an Empire form,' with a beard by way of ornament 1 Why, If the woman vcre an Emprew, she could not well bo more expensively got up, And all this splendour the dear creature would usq merely for her nioming calls and other common, outdoor work, IWbenevcr Bhe remained at borne (if, unlike- Madame Bcnoiton, Bhe over was there visible), she would probably array herself in this alanm'nir style :— 'An .indoor toilette, composed of a first petti coat of green satin, formed with sold buttons, and by a second petticoat of plain velvet of the same* colour, open in apron on a petticoat of satin; bodice forming a Hungarian vest, open in front; satin sleeves; linen collar, with stars of guipure at the corners; under sleeves, with assorted cuffs; in the hair, a velvet band.' First petticoat of satin! second petticoat ot velvet 1 open vestjof Hungary I and— O ye stars— stars of guipure! Imagine my dismay at seeing Mrs. Crusty sitting down to lunch in this theatrical costume! And perhaps when she went out with me (or, far more probably, without me) to dinner in the evening, her simple toilette would compriso. some such magnificence as this :— ' Dress of jonquil satin, lozenged by tulle of tho same colour, with detached daisies hi ChantUly lace, fastened, at the corners of each lozenge. Empress Josephine coiffure, simply ornamented by a diadem of brilliants accompanied by a string of (he same stones, forming without interruption a necklace which is fastened to the middle of tho bodice.' Jujube and marsh-mallow lozenges I know, but what in wonder's name are-lozenges of tulle t And what a queer idea it seems to stick such sticky things as lozenges upon a lady's evening dress t Moreover, who except a milliner or else a million, naire, would ever talk about a head-dreu being 'simply ornamented by a diadem of brilliants}' Simple ornaments, forsooth 1 A man must be a simpleton to let his wife expend his hard-earned cash on such simplicities 1 Pour moi, like poor Othello, I may Bay 'I have no wife;' so I have no cause for alarm when I calculate the cost of these vastly Bimple splendours. But do youmr bachelors, I wonder, ever peep into the fashion-books! If not, let an old bachelor advise them so to do before they pop the fatal question. Not many youno incomes will bear the frequent cost of jonquil satin dresses and diadems of brilliants. . , , . , , _ With this friendly word of wamlmr. which I expect no one jutentd calittui to profit by, I remain. Sir, yours most singly, and therefore most Berenely, CkBLEBS CRUBTT. The Hermitage/HunjpBtead. A REAL SCOTCH 30KB. What's the next wiue to golden sherry. Buleiy. tSUler-thf) WORMS AGAINST WORMS. With garlic, onions, singer, Worms Doth assafa-tida combine. And teacheth, on no sordid terms, Therewith the cure of ailing kine. If poleaxe, thence, need no employ. To send our oxen to the grave, From worms that cattle do destroy, Then Worms, in truth shall cattfe. tave. POEM ON A FUBLIC-H0US1. Of this establishment how can we speak! Its cheese is mitey and H» ale is weak. 