TABLE TALK. A YEEK~LY HALF-HOLIDAY.-The sug gestion of Mr. Barsby, at the volunteer meeting on Friday, for a weekly half-holi l day to enable young men engaged in stores, &c.;, to attend drill in the proposed Rifle Corps, is worthy the serious consideration of the employers of labour. There can be nothing better in an educational point of view than military drill for teaching young men habits of punctuality, order, and obe dience, and, irrespective of the safety to the comunity from a corps of trained men in the event of invasion, the moral objects at tained by volunteer services properly di rected, would more than counterbalance the loss to employers of a few hours weekly. We do hope that some of our more influen tial men will take up this question of a weekly half-holiday, say from one o'clock on the Wednesday of each week, and we feel assured that one and all will encourage a movement which obtains in nearly every town of any magnitude in the colony. If the movement is taken up with spirit there can be little doubt that every employer who studies his own interest and the advantages of those he employs will give his assent to a measure which promises so much good at so small a sacrifice. A PRISONER ESCAPED.-News reached town yesterday that the prisoner Abraham Crabfield, with half a dozen aliases, had escaped from the custody of mounted con stable Magan, on the road from Heywood to Digby, and within three or four miles of the latter. The circumstances, so far as we can ascertain were as follows. Crabfield, handcuffed, was escorted by Magan early on Saturday from Heywood, both riding,-the constable a half broken young horse, sent recently from head quar ters, the prisoner a horse in low condition, branded C, about 15 or 15½ hands high. Constable and prisoner jogged on without accident or incident of any kind till within the distance of Digby already stated, when a kangaroo darted across the road from one thicket to another ; the con stable's horse shied, bolted, and when Magan had pulled up and returned, he found the prisoner making the best of his way to the thicket, apparently following the course of the kangaroo. The constable alarmed for the safety of his prisoner fol lowed up and fired at him, when his horse again shied, bolted, and finally threw the rider. By this time Crabfield or Hopping Abbey had disappeared, and the constable's search for his recovery proved unavailing. The prisoner at the time of escape was hand-cuffed, and wore a drab coat with pearl buttons, and Bedford cord trousers. If the police in New South Wales are only supplied by government with horses such as the Victorian governtent supply to country districts, we can well understand the advantages the bushrangers have over the force, 'and how it is so few are appre hended. -" BENEVOLENT ASYLUM.--The comrnmitee met at 12 noon in the Town Hall, Mr. Cooper in the chair. The superintendent reported 18 males one female Margaret Dogherty and two children left. A box of candles ordered. The following pay ments were ordered, W. Cooper, £5 10s 8d, out door relief £4 8s. Mrs. Blair applied for an increase and was allowed 7s 6d per week. HORSESTEALER APPREHENDED.-Abra. ham Crabfield alias Abbey, for stealing a horse, bridle and saddle from Mr. Brough ton of Edenhope, on the 14th April, sus pected of highway robbery on the South Australian border on the 16th, was appre hended on Friday morning last within two miles of Heywood by constables Riley and Cooper. The horse bridle and saddle were found in the possession of the prisoner. He has been forwarded to Edenhope for identification, when he will be sent for trial in Portland. Crabfield or Abbey is well known to the police, and this is not the first time he has been in trouble. in THuE QcEEs'a BIarn DAr.-lue furlt) serv?ni birthday of tir graciou- tuajests Qucn Victoria, on Thursday the 24th in-t, vad as obh-rved as a toliday g. nrrally in Port 3 land, and we believe most towns in the colony. u, ASAlvxALs.-The Argus of the 23rd says :-Three of the lone-looked-for ships ifrom England came in yesterday-the r forerunners, we trust, of a fleet. They if were the Arabian and Chatsworth, from n Liverpool, and the Clymene, from London. 1- The Chatsworth sailed on the 12th and the Arabian on the 25th February; and the Clymene on the 14th February, from O Gravesend. TE T QtrCEES v. BEAS.E .--The Age of the 23rd says :-The Crown case against Dr. Beauey has at length concluded. The j evidence of Dr. Tracy and Professor Hal ford was taken yesterday, in corroboration of that of Drs Pugh and RundalL To ' day, the defence will be commenced by Mr. Dawson. The following witnesses will be called by him :-Drs. Turnbull, Gillbee, Stewart, Crooke, Figg, (late assistant to Sir James Simpson), Curtis, Haigh, Girdle- a stone, Reeves, and others. If these wit nesses take as long to examine as those for the Crown, the case can hardly be expected f to finish week. t FasGHTFUL AccIDeST.-A most fright- I ful accident is recorded as follows by Mon- a d4y's .3. and D. Advertiser:-" The legs of o a man with boots on, were yesterday found , between Avoca and Amphitheatre, under a a tree. The trunk, head, and upper portions e wRre conmpletely consumed by fire. Senior c cohstable Larkin rode into Avoca yesterday, I shOrtly after mid-day, to give the ifourma- c tidn. There is, so far as we can learn, no conjecture as to who the unfortunate man p may have been: but, no doubt, further s inquiry will bring the facts to light. It is v supposed deceased had lit a fire and, while c under the influence of drink and stupidity, p had been burnt to death." SYD?EY.-We have our files from O Sydney to the 19th inst. The news, f, however, is unimportant.. The Wandering h Reporter of the Sydney Morning Herald, f. writting from Barraba, dated 18th May, al says :--" The country is in so miserable a * state that I have been three days getting a this far. Since leaving the Rocky River, Ii my : unfortunate horse has not had a n bit to eat beyond the few mouthfuls he b had been able to gather on the road. tl About all the stations and stopping-places w everything is perfectly bare, and no hay p or corn to be had ; so that to keep life in my poor animal I have been obliged to camp for two or three hours a day when ever.I came to any place on the ranges where there was any-not feed, for that r there is not-but the slightest suspicion of T' there being the ghost of a blade of dried P up grass. This is the first place where I have of reached where bay is obtainable, and I am la stopping to-day to get my horse a tucker, as I am told there are the same prospects at of starvation for him at Bingera. The ct whole country is an immense waste ; cattle so poor that they can hardly crawl, and c° looking as bad as if they had gone through a very severe winter. Should any bad w weather set in you will hear of deaths by m thousands. I am told also that pleuro. penumonia has again made its appearance Pi in many places, both in this-the Liver- he pool Plains-and in New England districts. ~ All the rivers and creeks are dry for a great nt portion of their length, and what little g' water there is every here and there is not sit drinkable, being almost putrid from the pl large amount of decomposed 'vegetable la matter it holds in solution from the chick- bh weed that covers it. Children, and even re grown people, are suffering from dysentry, owing to the use of the water." LATE :NEWs Fro? ADELAIDE.- The fol- m lowing appears in the Argus of the 23rd, V from the Adelaide Telegraphic Corres- 14 pondent:-A terrible scene took place in co the court to-day between Mr. Justice at Boothby and Mr. Stow. Judge Boothby eo asserts that there is no legally-appointed so judge but himself, no Queen's counsel, B: and no Attorney-General. He abused to Mr. Stow, telling that he deserved to be ch scouted by every honest and honourable Nm man' who meets him in the street, that to his?qunduct was only calculated to inspire se disgust and abhorrence, and so on. All m, the iddictments are quashed, and the pri- cO soners remanded until next criminals es sions.j There is great excitement in the in1 town, and it is expected that Parliament it will Ct once be called together to deal be with thie emergency. A large meeting of volunteers was held last night. It was be decidi4d that captains of old companies the should consider the now regulations, and ab recoinmend the Government to modify an the objectionable portions. No business (U is doing. Holders of wheat ask higher rates, The millers offer 6s. 8d. to 6s. th' 9d. No change in flour. hi AcduanA?rlsToo..-Theoweeklly meeting oftliCounh'cilofthe Acclimatisation Society wC waslhldyesterday. President-Dr Black, we Professor M'Coy, Colonel Champ, Messrs. en E. M.Curr, G. C. Lovey, A. R. C. Sel- te wyn, A. Purchas, and F. S.lDobson. A cli letter was read from.Dr. Officer, giving a hal report, of the continued success of the me salmon experiment. Mr. Selwvyn, who, uP an company with Dr. Black had recently visited Philip Island. gave a most encour- w.' aging account of the increase of the ani- wil mals liberated there. Dr. Black also b mentioned as a curious fact that whilst of they were on the island a turkey was shot (Cl which was the produce of some tame ones tha that had strayed from Mr. M'Haffie's. we The bird had become perfectly wild, and possessed all the flavour of the wild tur- car key. The superintendent reported that the Axis deer would very shortly be in a condition for liberating, and a conversa. tion took place as to the locality in which wit these should be turned loose. Several No places were named, and the secretary was Tb directed to make certain inqduiries as.to pet the suitability of the different spots, and Do the expense of getting the deer there. toy \- ExTvAoaBDlsD Y Suci E.-Tbe Argus of the 23rd gives the following details of an extraord nary suicide :-An extraordin ary case of suicide took place between twelve and one o'clock yesterday, at the General Post-office. A man of about fifty years of age, poorly dressed, was observed to go to the " Q' division of the delivery departmen: of the Post-office, and" there inquire fcr letters for "George Quick." Not obtaining any, he walked up to the end of the corridor, and there drew from his pocket a pistol, which be placed to his right temple, and fired. Constable John Con nelly, who was on duty close by at the time, hearing the report, ran to the place when he found the man in a sitting position leaning against the hoarding. As life did not appear quite extinct, the constable hastened to convey the man to the hospital but he was dead before arriving there. On searching him, some caps, powder, and shot were found in his pocked, and subsequently inquiry elicited that he had purchased the ammunition a short time previously at the shop of MIr. Perry, gunsmith, Little Bourke-street west. A piece of paper, bearing the name of George Quick, was found upon him, and it was ascertained that this had been written by deceased a little while before at the neighbouring shop I r.ost probably for pre-entativn at the post office on inquiring for letttr . On another scrap of paper found on him were written a few words stating that he " died like a gentleman." On examing the bead of de ceased, it was found that the fro:it and up per part was completely blown away by the charge, which seemed to have been small r shot, and on the constable returning to the place a piece of the unfortunate man's skull, upwards of three inches in length, c was found near the place where the act was I committed. A gentleman who saw him a prior to his removal to the hospital recog nised him usa man to whom he had given alms on a few occasions. Within the space of a few hours, two young men came to the $ hospital, and identified the deceased as their ] father, George Quick, of 8 Little Pelbam street, Carlton, by calling a bottle dealer. The pistol used was an old pocket pistol, with the wooden stock very much burned. It was stated that the deceased had that morning been at a neighbouring public house, where he had taken out and showed the pistol, and also used some expressions a which were afterwards] constructed as im- a plying an intention to commit suicide. 