[ ' " - v " LITERATURE. ; . BROKEN CLOUDS! .' AN ORIGINAL AUSTRALIAN TALE. : .. : - - mr. s.'WILSON. . . ' Author of " Woonoona," " Aunt Milly's Ohristmas Box," " ,, ' ' l ; '' " Shot in the Heart," ¿ic. T'S all right, boys ! mind the back door ! ' shouts the sergeant, and two of the troop- ers rushes round to guard the other room, meanwhiles I pushes out the slab, scuds across the paddock, and jumps into the saddle* before they even dreamt I was trying to get away. I never saw a cleaner trick, 'specially as I had undone the saddle-girfchs of their horses before I mounted. To see them clambering on to tho horse's backs, and twisting round under their bellies !-Lori it was as , r good as a farce. And now, as talking fr is dry work, I'll give you ' Luck to ??C Dick Burridge-mav. he live long, arid always be ready to help a lame dog over" a stile ! ' that'is, if you haven't finished the bottle-you have, you di vii ! Nelly, girl, what are you , moping aboutcome, try a little oí tins brandy -real ladies' tack !-and rub the winkles out of your forehead. I'll join you. I tell you Vhat, Bill, slie shan't stop in this cussed bat's-roost no longer, hiding her candle under a bushel (as they used to say when I was a boy), 'cause why ? she'll be a fortune to us in a little plan I've laid out. Take another sup, Nelly. Meg, don't yow wait to be asked. " " What's .the game ? " growled Bill, whom a pint of rum had * somewhat mollified into a savage sort of good humour, "another c mob iv cattle, I suppose, as the present owner dosen't desarve, . and which is got to be ' lifted ' according?" " No, no, nothing so low as squatting or stock-driving in this 'ere dodge," replied his companion, ''Something more gentle- manly and 'spectable. " " What ! yjpu^doii't mean to say it's to blow some old cove's brains out;ravnd then spend his money for him ? Bejabers! I'm in!" ,> ' ft'iiNo, no, wrong again, Bill. In short, it's connected with these new diggings at Kiandra." " Divil a dig, VU dig ! " asserted Rargo Bill, ' it's a thing I've never bin accustomed to. Hard work and me had a quarrel a long time beyant; and we've bin short friends iver since. Faith, an' we niver agreed together very well- more nor ile and wather ! " "If you'd only listen to the end of my yarn, Bill, there wouldn't be no occasion for to frighten yerself into fits," argued Darby. You know, I never thought much of the cattle dodge in fact, you proposed it yourself since we come up here j but what 1 means now, and-what I always meant, is this:-(It's all along of the diggings, but not for tut to turn diggers). To hang about the roads from Kiandra to the other towns-say, to Cooma and Queanbeyan, and levy a tax on all returning diggers ; always limiting it to not more than they've got. Anyways, if it is digging into their pockets, it isn't deep sinking, is it ? " With a drunken look.of wisdom Bill mused over the plan for a minute or two; and then pronounced it to be-"A queer game, blo w me ! " "A queer game ! " echoed Darby, "why, man alive, it's a splendid game, the best going. One or two lucky hauls'll bring us1 in more than prowling and shepherding about after a mob of cattle for three months ; 'cause why ?-we don't get for them a third as much as they'ie worth !" " We don't give much for 'em, at all events," mumbled Brady. " No more should we for a digger's ready cash, which we could go and spend at once," answered McShane. " We can get a convenient hut-I know a stunner-where the old woman oan manage the grub, and where we can live when we're at home. Now, what we w»int is a place, easy to get at, but hard to find -jest a convenient distance from the main road ; and, hang it "all,,if I haven't got jest sich a place in my eye." * Bill looked at Mr. McShane's face, inquiringly ; and remarked that "he didn't see it." " Well, I'll tell you," continued Darby, condescendingly. You know where ' Dead Man's Flat ' is ?" Both Bill and the old crone agreed that they had heei'n tell on sich a spot'." " That's it, then, and no other," said Darby, decidedly. " There's no fears of anybody coming to mislest us, because, yery few knows on it. Another thing, there ain't nothing to look for to pay 'em for their trouble, and, besides, if there was; thèy'd be too frightened to go for it-'cause why ?-they believes the hut is haunted." " Harnted ! come, stow your joking, Darby dear," cried the old woman, in alarm. " Leastways, so they says," proceeded Mr. McShane. " A old cove named Dennis Farrelly used to hang it out there, and queer stories used to be told of him ; 'cause he shet up all the windows with'bark, so that a mouse couldn't peep through; and never went away without padlocking the door-and carrying off the key with him. Although, mind you, people all said he had a woman and a child there-people said so, but since the fust day Dennis Farrelly brought 'em to his hut, the sun never shone on that woman's head nor her child's. People didn't know what he kept 'em locked up there so tight for; but nobody liked to inteifere, because Denis was sich a born divil to look at; and, moreover, nor that, he'd sworn to smash the, fust livin' bein' as he caught prying into his business. Well, the upshot of it was, a young cove, with more curiosity than brains, bragged as how he'd go and find out all about the woman and the gul the veiy next time Fairelly went from his hut ; as to Farrelly's threats, he'd see him blow'd fust, afore they'd'frighten him. "Well, he made up his mind, and. bein' rather a pig-headed sort of a cove, he went over to Denis Farrelly's hut one night-'cause its owner hadn't come home." . Here Mr. McShane made a long pause, looked uneasily over his shoulder, and shifted the log he was sitting on, further into the cave away from the outer darkness. "Tare.an nouns, thin-what did he see when he got there?'! demanded Billy, with a scared look. " He never corned back to tell," chuckled Darby ; " lie was found next morning on the Flat-with his throat cut from here to here," illustrated the speaker, drawing his finger under his tangled beard. The woman and the child-if there'd ever been sich-was a missin' ; but there'd bin a fire made in the hut, and there was a lot of half-burnt rags among the ashes, and also a lot of, what people said was,, bones ! As f.<r Denis, he never showed near the place again, and what became of him nobody knowed. Everyone fights shy of the hut, 'cause they say at twelve o'clock at night the plucky cove as was knifed goes round it rampin' and roarin', and of course if he's there at night he's some'eres about during the day. Now there couldn't be a charming'er spot for us, .'cause if anybody does come poking about the place, we can frighten 'em off by playin' ghost.'' "I suppose there ain't no truth in the yarn about the young cove runnin' round iv nights ? " asked Bill, uneasily ; " 'cause you know it 'ud be rather lonesome for the wimmen." "Bless'd a bit do / believe of it," asserted Darby ; "leastways, ns far as the ghost is concerned-and if his throat is cut, hang it all-he can't do'much harm, even if he is a ghost. You see the place Avas called 'Dead Man's Flat' after that, and being a lonely sort of ciib there couldn't be none better for us." " Well, I can't say I like it any better for your yam, Darby," grumbled Bill. "I'd rather meet'a 'peeler' nor a haunted ghost, anny day." - * " And y.er won't meet neither, at ' Dead Man's Elat,' I'll take my oath," asserted Darby. 4< The house is a bit tumbled to pieces, but a few sheets of bark'll make it right and tight. We'll fit it up in Dick Burridge'^ style-for that's a tiick wuth know- ing, then Nelly here'll be quite a treasure, as a 'telegraph.' She can go into town once'd or twice'd a week, togged up as a lady, to spot all the lucky coves, and find out when they means to leave for Sydney." , Looking at it in this light, Bill admitted that the scheme " wasn't so dusty ; " and on the strength of it proposed breaking the neck of the remaining rum- bottle ; and Darby, finding his companion in such a pliant.mood, readily consented. "Then, when we've got our hand in a bit, in the retail line, I means to do a little wholesale," proceeded Mr. McShane, warm- ing with^he subject and the. rum. ; " We might'Stick up the Escortas brings down the gold for them felleis. what won't patronize our other little speekilation on the road." ., Bill shook his head, and let out the single word-''Dangerous" from between his.heavy lips. " Not a bit of it, if managed right, urged; his companion. "Besides, Bill, look,at the prize. ' Nothing venture, nothing win, you know. Of course I don't mean only the two of us to bail up half a dozen troopers, that 'ud be too rich : but if we could get four or five young fellows (as is on the look-out for a job, and ain't noways partik'lar.so long as it pays) to join us; and then, with blocking up the road with logs and having fust shot-mind y er, Bill ; always reckoning on fust shot-a pretty neat and payable piecè of business might be made of it." Still the obtuse Bill, blind to the immense advantages offeree by his cn- partner in crime, persisted that he " couldn't see it." " I don't see the good at all, at all, in having so many mixec up wid it," he argued. " Anny waya.'-it lessens the profits ; anc if so be as yer ketched, and has to sthiung up, havin' two 01 three mates in the same fix wont make swinging a bit easier 01 more pleasant like. Shure, a slow and shteady game has aller: bin more to my fancy-less.profit and less risk." As Mr. Brady, under the influence of the spirits he had imbibed was fast approaching that disagreeable stage of diunkennes: wherein it is impossible for a mau to be argued with, Darb; wisely forboreproceeding with the subject, and proposed . turninj in,' a suggestion which he immediately put in practice by rollin« hiniffeelf in a spare blanket. Thus left to himself, Bargo Bill felt exceedingly lonely, th women having retired some time before ; and, nodding till hi confused head rested on his knees, he faded off, like ihe iii e, int a fitful slumber. 