THE PORTRAIT ALBUM. (By the author of 'My Secret, or Bertha Hanley.') Among the inventions and discoveries of the pre sent age, photography holds a prominent position. A few years back the bare idea of such a thiag ?would have been scouted as absurd, and now, like steam locomotion and the electric telegraph, we al most wonder how the world ever got on without it. There is hardly a household which is not indebted io it for some addition to its joy, some comfort in its affliction ; in fact it may be considered as peculiarly iihe boon of domestic life. At how trifling a cost may we now surround ourselves with the faces of those we love, and how pleasant it is to reflect that in doing so we lay up a priceless treasure for those 'who are to come after us. ? In years to come there will be no family, however tumble, that may not boast of the portraits of its ancestors, not indeed looking grimly down from the ?walls, as novelists depict them, but iying on the table and passed familiarly from hand to hand. And the little unpretending photograph has a ?value which is all its own, we regard it almost as we do a person's handwriting or a lock of his hair. It has a claim to our affection which must always be ?wanting in the likeness, however correct, which we know to be merely a successful effort of human skill, or poasibly nothing more than a lucky hit. Let ua open open our album. First comes the dear familiar face that we see eveiy day, the face that never looked unkindly on us yet. It is hailed at once with a smile of recogni tion, and this because the expression, attitude, and dress are all such as we are used to in the person it represent ; nothing has been studied or assumed for the occasion. For we often complain most unfairly that our portraits are unlike us, when the fact is that we have used our utmost endeavours to look unlike ourselves. The next page is not nearly so pleasant to look upon. This likeness we received in a letter only a few days since, and it is, we are informed, a remarkably cor rect one. It represents one very dear to us, whom we parted Yrith— we will not say how many years ago — and very sadly do we look upon those altered features. There is something selfish too in our. sorrow, for we we cannot blind ourselves to the fact that in his eyes we would doubtless appear equally changed. Hardly can we recognize this ghost of his former, self, nor can we, when we call him to mind, think of him in any other way but as he appeared to us in the days of old. Our next picture is sadder still. Here is one whom we once called friend, but who has forfeited his claim to that title. We leave him undisturbed as a sign that we bear him no malice nor ill-will, nevertheless we know thn \, the feelings which animated us when we first gave him place among our dear ones has died away never to return. A friendship once broken is never so thoroughly repaired that the join is not visible. Who comes next ? Ah, little one is it you ? This is the dear little child who used to be our household pet a few years ago. ' Our baby,' wo called her, so constantly was she within our doors, and to tell the truth, at times not a little in our way. A dear, mischievous, troublesome little darling was 'our baby,' her little tongue was never silent her little feet were never still. But let her do what she would to be 'angry with her was quite out of the question. Well do we remember the last glimpse we had of her sunny face, and long did we miss her merry prattle and pretty, winning ways. If we see our pet again she will be a baby no longer ; it may be that we shall never more meet on earth and the memory of her childhood's friends will die away altogether from her mind. But we shall never forget ? ' our baby. ' Bless her blue eyes ! Next comes another little child, but this is one whom our eyes have never beheld. When we parted from his mother in a distant land she was nothing but a child herself ; since then (though we can hardly realize it) we have been in formed that she was a wife and a mother and now in the pride of her heart she has sent us a lock of her darling's hair and this little likeness. Of course we are given to understand that it does not do him justice, but be that as it miy, it is easy to be seen that he is a most lovely child. We gaze upon these infant features tracing a resemblance in them to those we knew in days gone be, until the little face becomes as it were a link to unite the present and the past. Memory bears us back to those old times, and to the home of our childhood, which it is more than probable we shall never revisit. Next comes one who is far away upon the sea. Is he in safety or in danger ? Is he thinking of us now as we are of him ? Who shall say ? But now comes the page to which our eyes are the most often and most sadly turned. Death has been here. This likeness which we hold in our hands, this frail, perishable thing which a breath almost might mar, a touch destroy, shows no signs of decay or change, while the dear eyes that even now seem to look lovingly up into our own, are closed in their long last sleep, the youthful form which bore the promise of many years of life, lies cold beneath the dust. What an impressive lesson have we here before us! There is a story of a venerable monk, whose mon astery contained a rare picture of the Lord's Supper. The old man had seen the hand of time busy even in his tranquil abode. Day by day well known faces had been called away by death ; those in the picture alone remained still undiminished and still the same. ' I have looked upon them,' he saya, ' until it seem3 to me that they are the living men, and we the painted shadows on the wall.' Some such thought must often come across the mind when turning over a portrait album. A Cuke for the Cholera. — The Paris cor respondent of the Star says : — A story is pub lished confirming the fact of the immense in fluence of the nerves in cholera, as illustratedan the year 1832 by Professor Reeamier. He was summoned to a bedside, where he found a dying man, the features cyanose, cramps all over the body, the voice changed — in fact, all the most fatal symptoms strongly characterised. After an attentive diagnosis, the sagacious doctor suddenly snatched off the bedclothes, and com menced flogging the patient with all the strength he possessed. The spectators, for an instant electrified, were naturally enraged. The dying man, by one expiring effort, started from his bed, threw himself on the doctor, who ran off hotly purBued along passages and corridors by the cholera-patienfy till both reached the top of the hospital stairs, when the breathless professor stopped, and, looking at the ghastly pursuer, coolly aaked, ' And how do you feel V ' Feel !' said the astonished patient j ' feel, indeed ! why,' after a pause, ' I have no more cramps !' 'I believe you, but after this fine race, :you require reat. Some cups of tisane and vogue la galere /'' j A deputation of the German nobility has presented to the ex-King and Queen of Naples a buckler, offered by them to the Royal pair as a homage of devotion. It is of beautiful w,ork manship in silver, chased with gold. The offer ing is accompanied by an album containing 40,000 signatures of the German aristocracy. 