OLD liOGIES. [By Old Boomerang, in the Sydney MaiL] AOT long ago, I overheard a mother thus ad dress her little daughter, who had strayed from her side, and with childish curiosity was pee.rj Ing info an open doorway. ' Come hither, Minnie ! you ' little monkey ! Do you hear me, Miss ? Old Daddy Longlegs will catch you in a minute, if vou dou't mind what I eay to you. Here he comes ! My goodness ! he'll catch you !' The dread of Daddy Long legs had an immediate effect upon Minnie's short legs, and away she ran towards her mother, who seemed much pleased at the i manifest alarm of her oiikpriug, and at the success of her own silly expedient. I do not refer to that occurrence on account of its novelty, for unfortunately it is not un- | common to hear mothers call their children names, even loss complimentary than ' little j monkeys,' and to consign thtiin to powers mere j terribly real than ' Daddy Lon^log*.' I wish j to inuke a few remarks on the folly and dinner I of exacting obedience frum children by opera- ! tin?: on their fears ; and I would commend mv j subject to the consideration of mothers, and of nurses in general. I was recently conversing with an intelli gent lady friend upon various matters con nected with the training of children, when she I related the following facts, and gave me per mission -o make what use I pleased of them. She said that when about eight years of age, she was on a visit at the house of a relative ; and during her stay there she shared the bed room of two adult female cousins. One night she had been rather tardy in disrobing, and her cousins were in bed before her, so the duty of extinguishing the c;indiii devolved upon her. ' If you don't make haste and put out the light, Annie,' said one of her cousins, *' that old Bogy, under the bed, will catch hold of you as you are getting in.' My friend said that she put out the light instantly, and sprang into bed with a palpi tating heart, and there she lay conjuring up a hideous array of images, which scarod away sleep, and filled her mind with horror inde scribable. The next morning she was in an unusually excited state. In the course of the day she went shopping with her cousins, and while in the city she suddenly left them and ran as fast as she could to her home, which was some distance off. AVhen she arrived there, she rushed up to her mother, flung her self into her arms, and burst into an hysterical fit of weeping. ' Next day,' my informant remarked, ' I was seized with an attack of St. Vitus's dance, which baffled all the remedies of the doctor for several months ; indeed, I was subject to periodical returns of the dis order for several years ; but by degrees my nerves recovered their tone, and now — thank God — I am as free from dread of old bogies as most Christian ladies are. But I have not forgotten the occurrence, and it has made me very careful to avoid exciting my children in a similar way ; and also to be very watchful over my nursemaids, for I have good reason to believe that children are sometimes terrified by servants, as the following tragical incident will prove.' ' A lady whom I knew very well,' resumed my informant, ' was one evening at a party st a friend'a house, when suddenly she was impressed with an unaccountable idea that eoiue terrible disaster had befallen her child, a little girl about five years of age, whom she Iiad left at home in charge of the nursemaid. The lady hastily departed for her home, and on reaching it she ran upsuiirs to the nursery, when to her horror, she bth--l-i her darling child lying in its lit lie bed— dead. Its eyes were wide open, and were directed with a ghastly stare to a hideous -luukiug figure at th'. foot of the bed, which the lady speedily discovered was a broom, dressed up with a black shawl and other sombre habiliments, to represent an 'old bogy.' The poor child had actually been frightened to death ; and per haps it was well for her that 6he was dead, for it is probable, had she lived, tbat she would have drivelled out her days in hopeless idiotcy. That u!»p:irdonably cruel trick had buen per pciiaud by the uursemnid to make the child lie still, and allow her to go to the servants' hall and join in the revels, which were there going on in the absence of the mistress of the house.' I do not mean to insinuate that such bar barity is often practised by nursemaids in civilized life. I hope it is a very rare case, and I further hope that if the foregoing fact should be read by persons who have the charge of young children, that it may serve as a warning against the dangerous expedient of quieting them by means of old bogies, tangi ble or otherwise. Nurses would do well, also, to beware how they instil into young minds frightful tales of ghosts and goblins, which many children have an eager desire to hear, or the consequences may be very serious; and if not in many cases so disastrous as in those above related, it may tend to mental imbecility and other evils of a life-long tenacity. An old friend of mine has assured me, that though grey hairs are frosting bis brow, he has not forgotten the ghostly legends which were crowded into his mind when he was a child. Even bow, he is obliged — when in certain positions — to keep a vigilant check on his imagination, lest it should overpower his reason for a time, and surround him with a host of self-created phantoms, horrible as the figure of death itself. He further told me that a schoolfellow declared to him that he had accidently run up against his uncle Bill's leg as he was crossing a country churchyard one dark night. The leg was sticking up per pendicularly, with the toes upwards. ' That grossly absurd story,' added my friend, ' had such an eftect on mr boyish fancy, and created such a dread of straying legs, that rather than even pass that churchyard wall after dark, I have walked two miles round to avoid it.' I remember stopping — some years ago — at a comfortless bush inn, after a wearisome day's journey on horseback. The weather had been very wet, and the roads very boggy. I reached the inn about two hours after sunset ; and a more uninviting reception I never met with in travelling. I was shown into a dreary apartment^ and after the lapse of an hour was supplied with a greasy supuer. When I had finished my meal, I rang the bell and asked the landlady if she could ac commodate me with a newspaper. She re plied, that in consequence of the river being flooded, there had been no postal communica tion for several da3*s ; but she had last Satur day's ? Mercury. I had read that issue of the paper, so I asked if she could oblige me with a book. She thought she could, and in a short time brought me a tattered volume of ' Mrs. Crowe's ]S'ight Side of Nature.' I sat before the fire and read about goblins and hob goblins, until a sort of horrible fascination stole over me ; and it was long after the house had been closed, that I was warned to bed by the flickering caudle. But the terrors of that night are still vividly before me, when I allow my mind to dwell on them. A short allowance of bedding, a hard bed, an ill-ventilated room, and a supper of fat bacon, arc quite enough to mar refreshing slumbers ; but my physical dis comforts were nothing compared with the mental horrors which gradually crept over me, until they completely got the raastery of my j reason, kept sleep from my eyelids, and filled my chamber with imaginary spectres, diaboli cal enough to scare even Mrs. Crowe herself. I have not seen that lively lady's book since then, nor do I wi*h to see it again. Icertainlv cannot recommend it, unless I recommend it— with all similar books — to be carefully kept out of the reach of children, and dismal- minded alults; as it is very likely to frighten them out of their wits. I would further advise parents, and all persons entrusted with the care of children, to bs very cautious what story books they allow them to read, or what stories they allow them to hear ; for I have good authority in stating, that many poor children have had their minds shaken to idiotcy by ghastly legends, and hor rible romances, which only Satan himself could dictate, and which can serve no better end than to please him. I wish all those persons, who either thought lessly or savagely delight in frightening j children, could be made as thoroughly ashamed j of themselves asiny literary friend Grinn was, : some time ago. Mr. Griun was by no means j an enemy to children ; oa the contrarv, he was ! usually a favorite with them, and few old men j studied to please them more than he did, in j general. But even literary men are peevish at times, and the event I am about to record, happened on one of those days when Mr. Grimi's brain was rather overtaxed, and lie was as indisposed for infantile fun as a giant with a broken jaw. lie was on a visit to a friend in a neigboring colony, and was one i morning busily engaged in preparing a lecture | which he had promised to deliver that evening, i His quiet studies were frequently intruded upon by the son of his host, a pretty, merry little fellow, just beginning to chatter ; and ! though at most times Mr. Grinn would have ! been glad to see him, aud have a frolic with ! him, his private opinion, on that occasion, was that Jamie was a little nuisance. At one lime he would open the door to show Mr. Grinn a wooden horse, without head or tail ; then he would apply for instruction in spinning his humming top ; and soon afterwards he would tease his old friend with a box of puzzles, or a squeaking cat. At each visit Mr. Grinn re ceived his little tormentor as blandly as he could, aud used every legitimate -artifice to in duce Jamie to stay outside, but to very little purpose, for at intervals of seven minutes he would return, in full song, and though Mr. Grinn had fastened the door, it did not. avail him iu the least degree, for Jamie would kick it until it was opened. ' Here, Jamie, my dear, run and get some lollies ; and don't come iu here again, there's a good boy. I am very busy this morning, and can't spare time to play with you,' said Mr Grian, with an appealing look at the boy, on his ninth visit. ** Here's a penny for you; run away bow, there's a man.' Jamie took the money and ran away to buy his lollies, and probably ran all the way back too, for he was not j;one long, and of course he rushed directly into the room to share his purchase with his generous friend. ' I don't want any lollies, Jamie. Do go away, there's a good boy,' groaned Mr Grinn, who was just finishing a peroration which he expected would produce thunder-claps of applause from the body of the hall, and ** hear, hear' from all the sedate geutlemen on tlie platform. 'Go away, Jamie; 1 think mamma wants you. Go aud give her a lolly.' Jamie ran away, and Mr Grinn resumed his work, but in less th:ui five minutes the boy was back again, disarranging the lecturer's papers with hia lolly-soiJed fingers, and fring ing ' diddle daddle, diddle daddle dum,' with all his vocal energy. Mr Grinn's patience forsook him for an instant, and he grew posi tively savage. Throwing down his pen, and looking straight at the boy, he made a grimace hideous enough to make an old cab-horse 'bolt, and exclaimed in hissing tones, ' If you don't go away this instant, I'll eat you up.' ' Hoo-o 1 hoo-o ! lioo-o-o !' roared Jamie, as he ran out of the room in terror, while his mother rushed down stairs to meet him, and to learn the cause of his unusual outcry. 'Hey, Jamie, my darling! what's the matter?' asked his fond mother, in exeited tones. ' 0 mammy, mammy ! gent'man going to eat me up,' screamed Jamie, while poor Mr Grinn felt that be would be glad for something to eat him up just than, and save him the shame of confronting his kind hostess and con fessing his folly in thus frightening her boy, which he really did not intend to do. 'No, no, Jamie! Mr Griun will not eat you. He is a kind gentleman, and loves nice little boys.' 'Yes, mammy, he will eat me. Hoo! hoo-o !' roared Jamie. ' Nonsense, my sonnie ! he won't eat you. Come in with me,' said the lady, walking into Mr Grinn's studio, with Jamie in her aims, his little eyes staring with terror. Mr Grinn blushed and shivered, as guilty men usualiy do, while he stammered out an awkward explanation, the eftect of which was to incline the lady to ;he horrible belief that he really had cauibalish designs upon her chubby little son. Few modest men have ever felt more abashed than poor oid Grinn did at the look of contemptuous surprise which overspread the handsome features of his hostess. She spoke not a word ; but, hugging her trembling boy to her breast, walked out of the room with a calm dignity, and closed the door, leaving her guest as miserably chap fallen as a pompous man who had jast been publicly exposed as a hypocritical impostor. His studies were completely upset for that day, and his leeture at ni^ht was a failure. While I feel a good deal of sj^mpaihy for my unlucky friend, under the peculiar circum stances, I cannot too strongly denounce the practice of frightening children, either by threatening to eat them, or by invoking ' Old Daddy Longlegs,' cr any other mystical nobody, to catch them. And. though I have a thorough contempt for old bogies in general, I think I could countenance a special one, whose ofSce should be to n«ghtly twitch the noses of all disseminators of hideous ghost and goblin stories ; the tendency of which is to spoil promising children, to oppress their young brains with pernicious trash, and terrify them into miserable imbeciles. Dariingburst. 