INDUCTION OP THE REV. AUGUST LUDWIG HEYDE, AS PASTOR OF THE GERMAN EVANGELICAL CHURCH, SYDNEY. It must be gratifying toProtestant Christians of all denominations to be informad that the Germans,of whom it is supposed there are are not fewer than a thousand in this city and neighbourhood, are now formed into a Church and and congregation under a pastor of their own from the fatherland. A few months since, Mr August Ludwig Heyde, a native of Prussia, who had been officiating for some time, as a preacher, to his countrymen at Toowoomba, in Queensland, having left that locality with the con- currence and approval of friands in the Christian ministry in the' sister colony, came to Sydney, uncer- tain at the timewhether he should remain here, or proceed either to Victoria or to South Australia in both of which eolonies his countrymen are much more numerous than in New South Wales. On his arrival in Sydney,' with letters commendatory from Queensland, Hr. Heyde-beld divine service the first SabbatE'in the' 'Scots 'Church, at 3 p.m., but as this . was' an Inconvenient hoar for the -publié. Clarie's "Assembly -Boom;' -Elizabeth-street, was engaged for a time as a temporary place-of worship, and afterwards the Hall of the - Subscription -Library in Bent- street. A congregation' was - thus -gathered, and in duo time Mr. Heyda was invited.to beoome. their pastor,. iWith I this .view, he proceeded.to Queensland, to obtain ordi- nation, which he. did,, from ,the, Lutheran,.or.rather Gorman- Evangelical ministry1 there ; ' and ho returned j to Sjdney about a fortnight since, when the necessary arrangements were'made for his lnduotlo'n, which," it Waa proposed, should take' plaoo in'the Hall of the Subscription Library' on Sabbath,' the' 29th July." It was also agreed, at the same time; by the minister and committee of management that the Rev. Dr. Lang should be requested to prosido'at' th» induolfon service and to preach on tba occaiion. Mr. Heyde, for himself, and two members- of .the congregation, Dr. Eichler,- and Mr. Hetzer, accordingly waited npon Dr. Lang, and, obtaining his ready concurrence,/the-induction took place om, the .day, appointed, .tu- the, presence of a numerous and most respectable congregation,,/. Some people may perhaps oonsider it rather strange fcbat a Presbyterian minister should thus baye .been, in- vited (o preside a£ the induotion of a Lutheran pastor; bot in Prussia, and in certain of tba other States of Germany, the Lutheran and Reformeil>.or Presbyterian Churches have been united together for manyyeara past, and now form one communion under the general designation of the German Evangelical Church.. .Thif," not>. boen the, .first time;that something of the same kind as the induction of Mr. Heyde has occurred in this ooloo y-for the Rev. Matthias Goethe, of ^Melbourne, and the other two ministers who lsid the foundations of the German Lutheran-Churoh in Victoria, where there aré now upwards of thirty 'tbouaàrid Germans, were all- ordained by "Dr. -Lang and' his brethren,' ia the Scots Oharob, Sydney. Besides,' the Germán' congre- gation' here consists of. families' and individualey'some of whom'1 belonged ' ' te ' the' Luthèrnn' and, ' others to'tba,Reformed' 'or'Presbylérlan i.OhurbhJ alt'; home' Thei following is ah outline'of the proceedings on' th o occasion which were coaduoteS agreeably' to the Church ï*èrvlce Book'or' Pfarramteágénde;' of'thè' Bay. Pás'tdr Schmeliuti' approved and1 confirmed'by'the1 Contle'-1 töriura bf Berlin.- 5 . -». ' ** '' .'?"'*.-. »*'?..? Jf The service' commenced by Mr.'1 HETD¿ giving ont a hymn from" the pulpit, ' the ' 17'.h" in ' the' collection, beginning"*Liebster'Jes'o," 'whloh'.'wo's, beautifully and moat cordially sung by, the choir and congregation; with'an'ac'ccmpaniment (properly so called, and not a mere substitute, as is too often the case, for congre- gational einging), on the harmonium. , , , ' Dr.'Langytheatojk/; his plaoo-¡ri front bf the pulpit, at a table) wlíióh tho'. Lutherans'call'an* altar,'Mr, Heyde standing at his aide, 3>r. LAMO, then spoke, in the -German.,, language, w"('|n . w^ich|, the ,whole of v tie,, proceedings we io, conducted.,' as ' follows ; - In the name of God the .Eather,'; the Son and the Holy Ghost 1 Amen. Our hélp iis'in'the name of the Lord, who made Heaven sad : "earth I ,, Dear brethren, there now appears before yon' tho prëaoher whom you have invited to undertake the- office of, the holy, ministry in your Church, and for whose' induction ¿into, that oßioe my "pres'e'nóo ¿nd'services have' been requested this day. Let ns, therefore,, in the first place call upon the Lord, by prayer and supplication,' for His blessing on this solemnity. Almighty God, and Moit'.Mereiful j Heavenly Fainer !. We thank' Thea, with all bar heart, that,,through Thy Son.' Jesus Christ, Thou hast set up and established ,tbe óüTce'of.Ihè'ministry ¿h. earth, and hast hitherto upheld and preserved Thy Churob. in the world. It ia a work of 1 hine unmerited grace,.that the counsel and decree of Thine everlasting love bas been revealed from time to time to «intuí humanity, and that repentance and forgiveness of sins i* preached unto us in the name, of thy Son. We humbly pray Theo, lot tho offio'e' which Thoa hast entrusted tous-the work of caring and labouring for . the souls j of Thy redeemed-be continued.amongst ns henceforward Sn power and.in blearing I, Let, the Uro of the love of Christ over burn moro intensely in all. Thy servants; guide, animate, govern thom through' thy Holy Spirit, that the word of truth tnay.be proclaimed everywhere in all godly power and .purity, and , bring forth much fruit) Be pleased, also to give to this Thy servant, who is now to bo inducted as the shepherd and pastor I of this church , Thy wisdom and grace, that he roar he fitted,'., through the'. knowledge of salva- tion to enlighten many souls, to lead, them to a /thorough ' repentance and conversion; to' impart [Ut them: the powerful consolations of the 'Gospel, and to uphold , and keep .thom ia.the wat of Thy holy commandments I Provide for hi« evangelical testimony everywhere an open door, and .'grant that through him thy Church may be bailtup with power, Thy Kingdom of Grace ever more and more extended,,and the great name of Jesus Christ be praised and' glorified 1 Amen.-From the Wurtemberg Church Service Book . In order to our attaining each graoe and blessing, join with mo from your heart« in offering up the Lord's Prayer-Our Father, ' whioh art in Heaven, Aa. And now, my dear fellow lkboarer In tho. Gospel of Christ 1 as the Great Shepherd and Bishop of souls has asl led thee by bia grace to the Gospel ministry, and has. placed thee ss a shepherd and pastor to oare for, the souls ot this churob, be" pleased to answer me In express words what thy mind and will.is, in. regard to the work beforo theo, .that this Ciiuroh may perceivo. and know with what resolutions thon bast determined to undertake tho office whiohis henceforth entrusted to thee in their midst." My doar brother, August Ludwig Heyde, Jn the preionce of God and before this His Churob, whioh receives thee as their pastor, I ask thee, on . thy conscience,.art thou prepared to undertake the holy oflios of the ministry in this Churob, and. to discharge such oflico In every particular true, to thy promise pledged to. the Church and to thy ordination vows before God, as thou shalt answer before the . judgment seat of our overlaying Chief Shepherd, Jesus Christ 7 Answer this in my hand with, thy yes I ,"Yes,". answered Mr. Heyde, with the help of Ged, I giving bis hand to Dr. Ling, and then kneeling at the table. Teen laying bis hands on Mr. Heyde's hoad, Dr, Lsng odored, up the following ordination prayer, from tho Wurtemberg Church' Service Book : In the name of the Father, snd of the Son, and of the Holy Qbo it, and in the exercise.of the rights and privi- lege« of the Christian ministry, I ordain and set apart theo, .August: Ludwig Ileyde, os tbo ,pastor of .this Choroh in Sydney, 'lite, Lord, who bas called thoo to His service, enlighten, strengthen, and' guide thee through his Holy Spirit, that thou mayest labour os n fuithiul workman in this Church and iring forth fruit into eternal life I.-.May tho God of Peace, who hath raised again from tho.dead the Great Shepherd of the sheep, our Lord Jesus, make thee skilful and fruitful in every good work, to do His will, and work' in thee what ls well ploaslng beforo Him, through Jesus Christ, to whom bo honour from avetlaittng to everlasting. Arnon. Tho following prayers wera then offered np in addition to the proaeding by Or. LAMO, from the Coburg Chuioh Bervico Bookt- . : ? . . : f< ; ! . i . ; ¡The Lord Jesus Christ be with thee and with thy spirit I, Tho Lord be thy light and thy salvation, tba Lord be the strength of thy life I Be of good comfort; and nnmovod, and walt, upon the Lord! The Lord adorn theo for all thy work with tho "right spiritual adornment, bowels of ; morolos, kindliness,;, humility, mookuosB and pationae, but above all with, love, willoh ls the bond of perfectness I "May the penco of God reign lu thy hontt I May tho Lord causo the word whioh thoa preaohost, not to rotura unto thee void, bat enable thee to rojoloe in the oxporienco that thy labour ls not in vain in His holy name (. May God bloss thy service In tho Gospel with the richest fruits, that thoa maj st have great, joy in .believing, in Ohrist Jesus, Amen ; And that God tho Lord may give His spirit and Mossing richly to both minister and people, lot, us ' earnestly pray, BS follows i O Lord Josus Christ, Thou everlasting Son of God, who, sitting nt tho right band of thy heavenly Father In tho highett, ghost gifts onto mea upon earth, and sendeit .shepherds.'and teachers, that Thy darvon may be prepared for tba work of tb o ministry, and Tb spiritual body bb,built up thereby, wo thank and prate Theo from our hearts that Thou hast provided for th Church a faithful teacher and pastor, and we pray Thc that Thou wouldst grant unto him and to all of us Th heavenly grnoe, that We* may do what ever, ia we pleasing to.Theo, that.we__.may keen the faith_and good- couaoienoa.unto the end, and obtain.Vffth all'tti eleol everlasting blesssdneas. '-Amen.1.1 j ?'' ?Mr. HAMBunoBBy the ohairman of ? the committee < mansgpmeut.. of the church,- .then,¡addressed th Kev.' Mr.' Heyde.; to'' 'the ", followingeffect: " By au hority'of the committee arid' trie whole eon gregatióñ; I con'gratuUteydu on your induction, wie you. God s Messing, and-thank bim for your safe retur from" the -journey ??.you .'hed-to /undertake In order/t reoeivá y'our'ordiriation'.'''Th'e'recelve"d; consecration t your high and holy balling bas contracted between yo abd 'this congregation, .wbioh' before already nocente and loved you,'a still greater intimaov,"and is-a hoi; surety thab -you will fulfil your duties and rosponsi billties1 towards thé'oongregation faithfally, arid remai a good pastor to this; your floolr'.' ThnnUful . will tbi congregation receive the instructions'and comforting c the Gospel from your lips, ' and duly appreciate you labour. . The ffood seod yon POW will in time, by th blessing of the'Lord,' bear fruit manifold and confer 01 yon the esteem and love of all. ~ ' ? . \- ' The dholr then Bung an' appropriate hymn, afte which "i ': Dr.'LARG went"up into the pulpit,1 and announce) ss the text of bis induoii-n sermon-tho following word from the propbeaies of Haggai,- ii; IO, " The glory c thia latter House shall be greater than of the formet Bai th tho Lordof Ho'its/* After a short introduction ibowiog'how 1 when, the remnant of the Jeir who- had returned to Judea after... the . Baby lonlsh ,, captivity.. , eat . themselves , to rebuilt the Temple on.,Mount 'Zion which "Nobucbadnetia the kine of,'Babylon, bad destroyed, the v ounce: portion' of trie 'oorigreuatibn, who Had never seen th« famohs temple bf Solomon, burst forth' into shoutings o Joy whon'the. foundations of the latter''house Were Told Bnt there were ancient men among the multitude, whi had seen the former temple iu all Its glory, and who when they' compared with' it the very humble strudtun they were then p/eparing tb raise, biirst forth into lout lamentation's,'so,^h'At'the voioeof wailing was minglec with the shoutings for Joy.' ' To'comfort.these mourner» the prophet announces in the text that tbe glory of tin latter house should be greater than of the former, foi the' desire of all nations should come and HU that hou» with.glory. Applying tho text to' the ancient JewlsV ehnr'oh, ? the preacher pointed out, in the first pla'oe wherein tte glory of the first temple consisted ; and iedondly, how that ¿lory was ièolipsed. by that of th< seoond. Applying ibo text to the Christian Church two questions'were raised-First. Wherein the «lory 01 a Christian Church was < . nmonly suppoied to consltt ; and second, Wherein it really consisted; Under the latter ef theao heeds, it waa sbown that the true glory of s Christian.Church consisted .'in its being built on Ihs foundation of Christ;; and' .bis Apostles that is. ia the conformity of its doctrines to , tho,.wordi of . God. 2. Io , its- being-,-the grand ' object .' of all ita ministrations /td declare and to recommend to . tho tinner's acaontaaoe the.Lord Jesus ChriBt as" tho only and the altjaufHoient Saviour of men. 3. In its having soundness'of, dootr¡ne con- joined with a, practice becoming 'tho Gospel; and finally, in its .enjoying, the ; spiritual presence of the Lord Jesus Christ and the sanctifying influencé of his Holy Spirit. The Evangelical- Churob, it was stated, had, In both of ; its /divisions, bean /'characterised in a very high degree , with thfs true,/glory in times past, anii-tbo preacher/concluded with expressing his earnest desi re'and prayer that"tho ministrations,of bis friend and brother might becrowaeil with the divinó blessing, and be abundantly 6uoeessf'ul in realising muob of.,this true'glory in the future of tho Evangelical Church: . .The choir and "congregation : .theu sang, with great /erreur and spirit, Luther's noble hymn vyhlob lie wrote on his way to the famous diet of Worms,' " Ein', feite. Burg ist unser Gott.", A strong town is our God, &e.; > The Kev. Mr. Hares then delivered the following address to the congregation :-Mv beloved congrega- tion : in connection with the words of Scripture," in St. raul's Epistle, ; to tho; Ephesians, iv,, 3,, endeavour 'to keep the unity of the spirit in tho bond of peaoe. ; I shall endeavour to give,-in all brovjty. expression to the ideas and. feelings which crowd r'iipoh mo on this 'occasion'. I stn conscious of the" responsibility I have ¡taken upon i me aa ? your .pastor ; bat I commence my ¡duties, with a joyfut,spirit, deriving from the address i reid hythe worthy ohairman of-tho churoh committee, i the consciousness tbnt X possess your- full confidence, .and not. only your confidence, bat your love. I nm convinoed this ls the voice of the great majority, if 'not of all present, and my heart warms towards you in 'this consciousness. From my first appearance amongst' 'you till now, I have been favourably received, iand have no doubt that the Divine 'truth, i whose bearer 1 appeared amongst you, has likewise (found a favourable reception. For my reception I ? thank you, and pray you to receive to your own blessedness and peace that truth, which I shall endea- vour to reveal to you acceptably, that wo may realise 'that union of spirit, of which our present text speaks. 'Hitherto, no doubt there bas been a union of all the children of bur common German fatherland here in promoting the formation of an outward church. : I trust it will continue, and be the means of raisins a temple of the Lord in the spirit of the congrégation'io 'general, and'overy individual belonging to it. It Trill ¡beso if'all of us conform- to tho oonditions on whioh ¡the union of ipirit ia founded,'certainly that more outward union af a congregation reste principally on 'the language in which bar services pre conduoled. Tbs 'mother tongue, the language whioh instrumentality the first ideas of our mind, the first tender feelings of our hoart were formed,ls dear to every one. ' How ranch more should it be so tons Germans,' that could ,'not possibly 'find on the whole face of tho :earth a language sa rich, so admirably adapted for em- bodying the Divine trntb. But I am sure there was 'another roason for the-union of our congrégation. (However the opinion of misinformed men may diner,, I '.maintain that tba Germans have at all timos promoted, as they wore beBt ' abie, the real Interest of true Chris- tianity that is nat contented with forms, but aims at tho cultivation of thc consciousness of the freedom of .'spirit and purity of heart. - And our interest, the feel- ing of the necessity of a Christian union is, I conoeive, 'another ground for our union as a congregation. .A congregation that can support the causo of Christianity 'as has been done by bur German community hore, ss far a« my experience goes, will, io I hope of you, readily avail themselves of the means of grace to enter that closer union of spirit,' the need of whiob, the desire after weich, they witnessed by forming a congregation of their own. May the desire to bo blessed by «he trntb of the gospel inorease and the oonsoiousness of the love of God and truth bring ns to tbennlpnof tho 'spirits. ' But there aro dangers whioh might prevent that suab union in spirit should gradually grow forth from our outward union, that however bears tho germ of spirit in. I can but slightly touoh upon them. These .dangers are, if I, on my pnrt, should negleot my 'various duties, or you should forget your duties towards me, or the duties towards each other. In tho first pince, my dear frienna, herc bofore the living God and yon, I repeat that I, as far as I am able, will strive to loud yon heavenward through truth and righteousness. This my intention, may be present with you if dissatisfac- tion with me should arise.,. Such ia likely, to occur if I will be a faithful pastor, for two reasons i It is my daly to lend yoa heavenward. Suoh loaunot bo dono without . a. struggle. ? iEvery, i the. least clova, tioa of heart .causes a struggle, . and can not . take, place before you abandon ...your former position . for a better one. 2. Dissatisfaotion with my opinions may ariss either from misconception on your side, or a falling of mino, whioh might ooour. In the second plaoe, my beloved btothren, 1 have no doubt that yon, as you have promised by your address, fulfil your duties, abátala ¡from intentionally oil'doding me and guard against doing «o unintentionally, ila the third place,! wish that you- all, like brethrou may live togetbor, and regard each other ns members of the same glorious institution. Lot as nourish tba feeling of Christian love, and bo Joyful and happy in the spirit of Christ. In union ot love bo the bond of peaoe, tbo limit and boundary line of our union in Sj lrit. ; Onoo more, in the words of our text-"Endeavour to keep tho unity of the Spirit In the bond of peace" Amenl The choir thon sung another hymn with much efloot, as indeed was the caso with all tho pialmodyon the occasion. . . . . . i The llev. Dr. LANO thon pronounced tho benediction, in tho form prescribed to the ancient Jewish ohtiroh : " The Lord bless thee, and keep thee : The Lord, make His foo» shine; upon thee nun be gracious unto thoo* The Lord lift up his couutonanoe upon thee, and glvo thoa peaoe. Amen. Tha whole ol the proceedings woro of a dooply Incerestiag uharaoter, and will doubtless be long re» membered by all who were present. The large hall of the Subscription Library was completely filled with tho congrégation, ¡"¡^¡ 