WESLEYAN CHUBCH TEA MEETING. A tea and public meeting in aid of the Wesleyan Church Building Fund was held in the Church on the evening of Tuesday last. First on the programme came the ladies' treat—the tea arrangement—and it need only be said that its being conducted solely by^the ladies, was a guarantee of perfection. Tea, indeed! It was a sumptuous feast of cakes and confectionery in endless variety, together with all the fruits of the season—to say nothing of those preserved ; in all of which the young and—not so young—members revelled to their heart's content. The tables being cleared, the church was filled to overflowing, the Bev. Mr. Danne said that Mr. Pearce, our worthy Police Magistrate, had kindly consented to take the chair, which was accordingly occupied by that gentleman, who briefly explained the objects of the meeting, and called upon the Bev. Mr. Thane to address those assembled. The Bev. Mr. Thane said : I claim the indulgence of those present on cccount of sickness that has detained me in town, and from attending to the usual routine of my duties; therefore you must not expect me to say much. In looking around me I cau see those who, although belonging to different persuasions have met here with one mind nuu with one purpose, and to unite in one whole, to assist in a commendable work. Unity, whether for good or evil, constitutes stre!i;-;iii; and, as a humble minister of a Christian Chin .. !; it is vory cmtifying to me to witness tliis u:;ity anion? you in doing good. How iiear.iit'ul the inspired I'saimist describes this mutuality of r'eelina .->nd working together. " Behold how fioo;i and pleasant, a thing it is for brethren to dwell together in unity." It ia a saying that " two of a trade cannot agree," but sincere christians will ever agree in promoting the spiritual welfare of all. They have but to follow the example of their Divine Teacher who prayed for his enemies as well as for his followers. His example upon earth is our unerring guide, and how steadfastly should we examine and study that heavenly chart which He has left us for avoiding th« snares and temptations which lead to eternal ruin, and on which are clearly sketched, the beacons on the straight and narrow path leading heavenwards. I feel the state of my health will not allow me to say more that toi congratulate ourselves and the Wesleyan body especially on the acquisition of their new pastor, Mr. Danne, whose stay amongst us although dating but a few months back, has given unqualified test! mony of Lis fitness in all respects to be a spiritual instructor. He is a thorough Irishman, and I have enjoyed his societv very much. I sincerely pray therefore that the fellowship begun here may be consummated in heaven. The Bev. W. H. Townall, on rising, stated that he could not help thinking duriug the time Mr. Pearce was addressing the meeting of a question that was once put to John Wesley, " What is the secret of your success P" The reply was, "We are always at it. and we are always at it." That he took to be the secret of their success. He wished them God speed, and hoped their labours would be crowned with success. Kv> felt it a pleasure to be with them, and he was always glad to meet in a spirit of Christian love those who differed from nim in minor matters of faith. St. Augustine had laid down a golden rule for the guidance of the different sections ot the church. He stateB, " In things essential there should be unity; in all things questionable, liberty; and in all things, charity." As to essentials, they were all one. They all acknowledged that Jesus was the Christ, the son of God, the personality and divinity of the Holr Ghost, die inspiration of the bible, the doctrine of the atonement. On these points they were united, and union there might be without uniformity, for Christians who hold Christ at the head tn all things could afford to differ in non- essentials. He did not consider himself a whit the less a churchman bocause he was founed in their midst. He was warmly attached to |iis own church, and ke was sure no one would be offended if he told them that, whilst be admired and loved the character of John Wesley, and admitted that the Church of England owed him a debt of gratitude, and whilst he admired the old puritans who took joyftilly the spoiling of their goods for conscience sake, and whilst he loved other communions, he loved his own a great deal more. But they ought never to forget that the different sections of the church constitute the one church, and, as members of the one church, they ought never to feel coldly towards, or look unkindly at, or speak uncharitably of, one another, and they could do all this without the least sacrifice of principle. Bigoted men were to be found both among churchmen and dissenters, the former regarding dissenting chapels as mere schism shops, and the latter branding the Church of England as Popish. He had recently met with a comparison in which the church ecclesiastical was likened unto a vast water company, chartered to supply the church spiritual with the water of the river of life. How absurd it would be for a water company to claim the right of interdicting rain from heaven, or saying you shall have no water except you get it through my pipe. Ciuch bigoted people really and truly say. After alluding to the state of feeling that existed between John Wesley and Toplady, shewing how they quarrelled on a non- essential point, he quoted the opinions of the latter, stating it would be with the church at the 'harvest of the world as it is now in the natural world at harvest time. The crops are gathered, the grain is conveyed to its destined resting place, where, blending together ia one stack, it could never be known that the wheat bad been grown in different fields. So in the end of the world all God's wheat shall be gathered into the garner without one single mark to distinguish that once they differed in outward circumstantials of form and order. J. It. Edwards, Esq., said he had very little to say, but the few thoughts which had occurred to lum sincc be entered the building he n ould give them. Burns, the bard, had said:— Would some power the giftic gie us, To see ourselves as others see us j It would frae many a blunder free us, And foolish notion. It seldom happened, he said, that people possessed that gift. They were aecustomcd to look only on one side of the picture, and in a most partial manner. They had too, a most happy way of comparing the things connected with their own interests with the failings of others. A man who had been compelled to mortgage his estate, would sometimes think it was very inconvenient having to pay interest at stated periods, and if all did not go well, he might not to be able to meet the principal when it became due. If that man were one accustomed to take the world easy, instead of setting about him to reduce his liabilities, he usually consoled himself by saying. " Ah, well, I am not so badly off as Mr. so-and-so ; he has mortgaged _ every article he possesses, and has not the slightest chance of meeting his engagements. So that instead of repining I have much to be thankful for and should be contented." These thoughts occurred to him upon entering that building that night, for the first time since its completion. He thought it very satisfactory that a congregation like that, which was not so large as many others in the community, bad erected a building so spacious, so well finished and so complete in all its appointments. But the feeling of satisfaction was somewhat damped when he considered there waB a debt upon the structure. They might depend upon it that a church debt would hing over any congregation like a night-mare; and they should never cease exerting themselves till if was cleared off. It did not follow that because a few of their number had undertaken all the management in erecting the building, and bad, perhaps, to some extent, become themselves liable for the debts that the congregation were relieved. There were transactions in the world, wherein if men were not legally bound they did not feel called upon to pay. That was not the case in church matters. Moral obligations there were everything. The Church debt was their debt, and they should not rest till it was cleared off. It might be that they would become accustomed to the fact, and like the easy- going person he had before alluded to, they might console themselves by saying they were not so badly off as some of their neighbours, and that it would all come out straight in the end. They should avoid this. He took it, that in erecting that building they were animated by a true christian spirit. That they thought it advisable to have a building in which their children and their children's children would meet to perpetuate the religion of their fathers. In doing this they bad done well, but they should not roar that good work bv leaving their debts to be paid by others. There was a great change taking place in the minds of some men of lato years as regarded education and religious teaching. These men by their writings were accustomed to sway other men's minds, and by their position as legislators, had every opportunity to work out their ideas. Some of tlicm enunciated that it was no part of the duty of the Slate to interfere in religious matters at all ; and that religious teaching should not be permitted in public schools. There was a measure at present before the legislature, which although itdidnot go thatlength, had atendency in that direction ; and so sure as it passed into law, so sure would it be altered hereafter to exclude religious teaching. It was the thin end of the wedge. It therefore behoved all good christians to redouble their exertions to spread the beautiful truths of Christianity. It did not follow that because a man was religious he believed in Christianity. There was a faculty of veneration implanted in the mind of every man, and if it were not directed towards the worship of the true God, it would stray after idols, or create a god for itself. The Chinese were educated, and religious, but they were not christians. Voltaire was educated and had ability, but he was an Atheist; Thomas Payne was educated, but he was a deist. Listen to the beautiful language of the Emperor of China to his Ambassador when about to depart to the Russian Court in the year 1713. The Emperor says: " If you are asked what W9 principally esteem and reverence in China you may thuB reply :—' In our empire fidelity, filial piety,. cbantv, justice and sincerity, are esteemed above all things. We revere and abide by them: they are the principles upon which we administer the empire as well as govern ourselves. We likewise make sacrifices and oblation. We pray for good things, and we deprecate evil things; but if we do not act honestly; if we were not faithful, pious, charitable, just and sincere, of wbat avail would be our prayers and sacrifices P'" Would any one say that there was not deep and sincere piety in these words P But they, as Christians, knew that the beautiful and glittering superstructure waB built up on rotten foundations which would yet crumble into ruins. One of the greatest blasphemers that ever lived spoke sublime language in reference to a Supreme Being. That writer, after having exultingly boasted that he had gone through the several books of the old and new testaments, as a woodman would go through a forest with an axe, felling every tree he met, and that, although others might stick them in the ground, they would never grow. Yet, while revelling in such blasphemy as that, he said in language something similar to the following:—* Yet I cannot doubt the existence of a Supreme Being- My senses and my reason prove it to me. I aicena in imagination above this earth. I behold the solar system. I see the sun suspended in air, resting on nothing, revolving on his own centre. I Bee the planets again revolving round him. some of tliem with their moons revolving round them. I notice that these planets turn upon their own centres, now presenting one side to the sun, then the other, givinir aieht and morniug. I see first one pole raised, then the other producing winter and summer. I behold that these gnat orba toll on m apace with lightning-like rapidity, and with more regularity and precision than we can regulate the motion of a watch. I travel beyond into the immensity of space, and see system beyond system till the imagination aches. I turn from the grand spectacle and descend to earth. I behold the wonders of the ammrfl and vegetable kingdoms. I see everything quivering with life. I contemplate the wonderful organization of the giant animals, and I trace animal life down degree by degree till it becomes .so minute that thousands of living creatures may subsist on the mere vapour of a blade of grass. I turn in awe from the Contemplation of these things, and worship the creator of the universe." Beatrtiful as these ideas were, they were those of the greatest blasphemer that ever lived. He possessed every faculty which ought to make a man great, but he lacked the spirit of Christianity This, then, was what they had to do—to educate their children in the truths of Christianity that their ability might be properly directed. The Bev. E. V. Danne rose and said: As I do not fee 1 very well this evening, I can as< sureyouit isnot aveiy pleasantthingto Bpeak for any length of time. Mr. Thane has called me an Irishman, and I plead guilty to the impeachment. but I never said that I had nothing to say when called upon to speak, as 1 t&tiBidei; that an Irishman (and especially when ue is i Wesleyan Methodist minister) ought to lil f, a great gun, primed and loaded, and r.i-v,.r L ready to go off at a moment's notict . : nr.- greatly pleased this evening at seeicg mid hearing my brethren speaking to vou from thi' platform. I could have listened all night Mr. Pownall gave utterance to his opinions < unity and brotherly love. I can truly say my heart is joined to all who love the .': i Jesus, and no matter whether he be IT poor, black or white, learned or illiterate, u ho be a follower of the man of sorrow, I can call him brother. Mr. Pownall has been praising the congregation who worship here becauso they have built and nearly paid for the building. Now I cannot proceed without saying that, if the Wesleyans of Young have done well in this respect, their efforts have been nobly supplemented by the generosity and goodness of the members of other churches. When first I arrived in the district, and looked at your subscription list, I was agreeably surprised to see the names of members of other communions besides our own, and I thick this speaks highly for the good feeling and Christian love which exists between the churches of this part of the country. As I looked out on the country this morning, and saw the thick fog which covered the landscape, I thought it boded no good for our meeting, but I knew that, if it was the Lord's work, he would do all things well, and so the day has been beautiful, and the evening most propitious. The church in which you are now sitting has cost nearly £600. Of this sum about £300 has been given by the people. We have borrowed £200 without interest from the Wesleyan Church Loan Fund, and the Wesleyan Church Sustentation Society has given us £90. The balance, with the interest paid to the bank! we hope to get this evening. Now I am encouraged to say this when I look at the cheerful Christian way in which my brethren, Messrs. Thano and Pownall, have come to my help. They have been both willing, and, indeed, when they came in, I thought I should have w feel their pulses so as to be able to pronounce as to their speaking powers, and I should be glad if they bad spoken longer, so ihat I might listen and profit. When there is love between the children of God, there is unity and harmony, and, as the dark cloud which "holds suspended the lightning flash, when the sun shines upon it, is spanned by a beautiful bow of promise a union of different clouds, so the dark hearts of men filled with unkind feelings, and uncharitable thoughts, when they are shone upon by the Son of Bighteousness, are united in a band of love and harmony, and light is brought out of darkness, and love out of hatred nnd envy. Thus we have in the union, and harmony members of different divisions of Christ's church, variety in unity, and unity in variety. And when we get from worshpping in these earthly houses to that house not made with hands, the question will never be asked by what name wore you called when on earth, for in the church triumphant there are no divisions and no discord- They look upon the Saviour, and all views of earthly good aio lost. They drink of that river of life, and thus forget the walk of the world's sin. They listen to that voico which evokes the cchoes of the hearts of the unredeemed, and the Siren song of the world is all forgotten. Were this thought Uj-permost in the minds of men, we would have more harmony and Christian feeling in our parliament, and more morality and purity in our people. Were this thought ottener considered the prejudice and the passion which have hitherto estranged the hearts of the members of the church of Christ would be done awav with, and the Eedeemer's kingdom wouM wake grea.'ir : " i- gress. Were this thought .vppersiost the scciici. the infidel, and the idolater would again, as L: early days, say, "See how these Christian love one another." I bar? stood ou the o v shore andjjtftened to the IT ; RES as they awukf. the inmoitj&bpes; of th- ,!ari( cavcrae until revebenSgHVIer nveberaron boomed out CK the ear of The astonished ikteucr. But when the still small voice of the Holy Spirit speak:, in a man's heart, it awakens only cchoes of love. now I have done. I am happy in being ahm to express my appreciation of the kindnjaEpT our brethren and of our friends generally It is well to live for other' I will conclude by reciting those appropriate lines of Longfellow :— •f? " Tell me not in mournful numbers. Life is but an empty dream, For the soul is dead that »!nuib?rs r And things are not what they seem. Life is real, life is earnest, And the grave is not its goal, Dust thou art to dust returnest, Was not spoken of the soul. Not enjoyment and not sorrow, Is our destined end or way, But to act that each to-morrow Find us further than to-day. Art ia long, and time is fleeting, And our hearts though stout and brave, Still like muffled drums are besting, Funeral marches to the grave." The Bev. Mr. Danne proposed a 'vote of thanks to the ladies to whom they were indebted for the excellent manner the tea arrangement* had been prepared. Mr. Pownall then offered. up tin in>vrcfc«''J prayer, and the meeting terminatci We understand the cuiW'iion a.uQi about £26. whatO'Ciock is iiP-That is a queeho v.\nnzEles everybody.here who are not their keepers We hear about Telegraph Z S & a n k time, the Watchmaker's f '.^manv other times Tiesides—all at van- Sd Suently all-correct. This revol- BSMMT state of the clocks must be stopped, "KL we mar have day turned to night, fiK loTe a day altogether Can't these llwed time-pieces be wound up to go unani- 3 This uncertainty as regards the Stimo has its advantages and the reverse js Uie esse m4v he, many who have clocks set tu fime to suit their own eoncem.Mico, to the £ nvcnieneeiu all probability, of everybody •r Will no one play the pat riot and present fcegVS n tovru clouli r Ti.cl.iut ifnoted upon is as good as a subscription. BBOISTBATIOn of DOGS.—Wc beg to remind ftl oncerued that all do«« not restored £r to-day arc liable to be destroyed or their owners fined. Town IMPBOVEMENTS.—For a considerable time after tl.is town sprung into existence the Main-street held the position its name implies It included the main buildings, in winch the Bain business was Conduced, and, as a prool of iU main importance, a bridge was ere.ted at its "uthern approach, over the creek, solely at the expense of the inhabitants, whose error it was not in those davs in over-taxing their patience, waitine for a dilly-dalling Government coming to their relief. At that stirring period an es tablishment out of Muin-stiyet, if not backslummisb, was a warranty ot its being at least second-rate, and not until an impetus «as riven by theopeuinu up ol the "Wet L.ad did Burrowa-street start into rivalry for first position as a thoroughfare. Gradually and surely the broad and better laid out street took the <• running," and extended its distance by such rapid strides that the old " Main" has, with mod grace and discretion, ceased to compote. Business people are now removing and pushing towards the favourite thorough fare, leaving but few spaces now to till up. The last building erected—the Messrs. Watsou's two-story brickedifice, no contemptible comparison with any out of the metropolis—is not exclusively a Burrowa-street holding, although it stands with its commanding front there. The whole town claims it—yea,—even Burrangong, with stately mien, lifts its voice from its highest rnountaiutop, and, pointing to the structure in question, challenges the surrounding districts to match thai—ii tbey can. Another establishment is now about to be added. Our respectcd townsmen, Mr. Byrne, tha baker, whose sojourn here ranks him as one of the "oldest inhabitants," has commenced building on one of bis allotments in Burrowa-street, and adjoining his bread and confectionary store. Messrs. Nash and Brady, late of the firm of Leedcr and Co., are the contractors—a guarantee that the work will be neatly and substantially accomplished. As Mr. Byrne will be our next neighbour, it augurs well that the literary staff and the staff of life will stand side by side. Now that we have two flour mills and an extensive bakery erecting at the same time, our country neighbours, the free-selectors, need be in no apprehension of their wheat running to weevil from the want of facilities to convert it into flour and bread. Moos ECLIPSE.—On Monday night last the eclipse of the moon was distinguishable only, or almost only, by the darkness that prevaded. The sty was oveivast by thick set clouds, which prevented the lunar phenomenon being distinctly visible. Towards midnight glimpses wure obtained of the noil- eclipsed part —then very small—of the " queenly orb." Gold Esvobt.—On Monday morning lai;t the escort ie.'L beiv with 58 and 1 grain of ^old. A WOMAN KILLED BY JUMPING FROM A WINDOW.—A magisterial inquiry was held at Murrumburrah on Wednesday last by J. E. Pearce, Esq., Police Magistrate of Young, on the body of a woman named Mary Ann Flinn. By the evidence of Mr. and Mrs. Dillon, who keep the Commercial Hotel in Murrumburrah, it appears that the deceased, along with her supposed husband, came to their (Dillon's) house on Monday. Deceased had been drink- ing during the evening, but not to excess— "just merry," and about ten o'clock expressed a desire to go to bed, ordering at the same time a glass of brandy, which last was refused, but was ultimately given on condition of her retir- ing to rest. Mrs. Dillon accompanied her up stairs to a bedroom, and after fastening the window went down stairs, leaving the door ajar, it being her (Mrs. Dillon's) intention to return or send for the candle. A few minutes afterwards a boy of Mr. Dillon's came running into the house saying, "Oh, mamma, the wo- man is lying in the yard." Those at hand rushed out, and sure enough there lay the wo- man immediately below the bedroom window. On lifting her up she cried as if in great pain, and being carried into the kitchen it was ap- parent she had sustained severe injuries, al- though considered not fatal. Under this im- pression her husband, or companion, left next morning in the direction of Binalong in quest of work, leaving the woman in Mr. Dillon's charge, and who, up to the time the magisterial inquiry was made, was not heard of, although Mr. Dillon had sent off a man on horseback in search of him. On the evening subsequent to the accident—if accident it can be called—the woman took suddenly worse and died about 7 o'clock. The evidence of Dr. Temple was, that with the testimony of that adduced and his own examination of the body of the deceased, death had ensued by her falling from the window into the yard below. QUICK CONVEYANCE BY LoApga^EAiis.— Three horse waggon teams load&fiNfSh; goods containing in all 14 £ tons arrived here this week j ^ney, occupying only 12| days on the road. They loaded and came direct from. Sydney—not Picton,—a plan that is coming into favour, instead af having goods lyingdSM?Veeks tad sometimes months at the PictoWSflilwav station, under the merciful consideration of careless and irresponsible agents. The three teams alluded to are the best " turn outs" in all respects that we have seen here for many a ^d tie owner—Henry Thompson, Steam Mills, Camden, intends plying regularly on this road. Gbkat EXTENDED AEALPEN GOLD MINING COMPANY.—The operations of the Company are progressing very satisfactory, a large quantity ot stripping lias been done, and by the time the engine, which has heen purchased in Sydney «nd is now on its road up, is on the ground, ? e J,. w . be ready to commence washing, and snoula it prove remunerative, which there is no reason to doubt, the works will be increased at once. The directors contemplate stripping by Meam, which, after the first outlay, would be a lar cheaper method than the one at present in use by means of horses. The economy of macainenr when well applied, has at all times proved the most advantageous. The constant attention and devoted m>ss of the Directors, the •agency and energy of the General Manslger, •M the assiduity and judgment of the Mining aunaRer ought indeed to insure the success of ine Company, and we may add that upon its •uucejj the future prosperity of the Valley depends We beg to call the attention of the sjUkreholders in this Company to the fact that ; raesecond call of 5s. pet share will be due on Monday the 1st October, and that the same oust be Mia into the Australian Joint Stock jM^raltten, before that date.-Brndmod n EobopbAhmed.—In the present position Europe the following statement, drawn from official sources, of the armies on a war footing is not without interest" France, 903,617 : Prussia, 650,000; Austria, 651,612; Italy, 424,193; Russia, 1,200,000 ; England, 265,000 ; not including 280,000 Volunteers ; Germanic Confederation, 407,361; Spain, 171,900; Portugal, 64,118; Holland, 92,000; Sweden and r orway, 137,800; Denmark, 41,940; Switzerland, 198,291; Belgium, 80,650; Turkey, 341,580; Egypt, the Danubian Principalities, Monteneero and Servia, 152,000; the Koman States, 12,000; making a total of 6,996,062 !" 