Amusing Action tor Libel- I Theconrt during the past two days has beon occu pied in trying the case of Athill v. Soman an action for libel against tho Norwich Argus Mr Keaue, Q C , and Mr C Oooper appearod fortbn plaintiff; and Mr O'Malley, Q C^ and Mr Evans for the defendant. Tbo libel arose out of some vory amnsing oircum stanooai- Tho cottage occupied by a Mrs Lingley, in Bprowatpn, has had tbe ropntation of being haunted. A abort time ago a couple of young men had been shooting rabbits in tho neighborhood of SprowBton, aud finding sport rather tamo thoy rosolved to pay a visit to Mr^ Lingloy'n ghost. The honse was shut lip but they broko open tho window and firod thoir gans into tho room, one of tbem aiming at the cupboard where the ghost was said to be. Some of tho furni ture was damagod. Mrs Lingley on hor return homo gavo information to the police, and the plaintiff who is deputy chief constablo of tho Noifolk police force, went to tho spot with his two men. Noxt morning 1 he returned bringing with him the two persona who had fired into the house} and who wero anxious to sottle tho affair. Mrs Lingley, howevor, now stated 1 that somo linon articles of amall value bad been sto- | len, and as the polico wcro not sntisfied with licr story thoy proceeded by her permission (as they said ' aud she donied) to examine the contonts of tbe box from whioh the articles had boen takon. A few daya afterwards a Iottor purporting to be written by Mrs Lincrlev nnneared in the Norwich Aip-ns. nf which the dofondant is the publisher. This lotter was tho libel complained of, nnd allegod among other things that the plaintiff and hia men had been guilty of indecent conduct and language while examining the box above mentioned, that the plaintiff had read a bundle of Mrs LInglcy's loiters and 'mado great derision of tbem and of her,' that thoy had ransacked hor chest, and thrown her things about tbo floor, and that one of his men had put on tbe lady's chemise. A plea of justification was on the record, but the plaintiff himsolf, tho two constables, the ghosthun ters, and another man who happened to be present when the box was searched, swore positively that all the statements in the letter wero untrue, and that the search was conducted in a propei and orderly way. On the other aide Mrs Lingley was called, and swore to all tho facts stated in the libel, with some additions as that the policeman had asked her which gown tho ghost wore on week days and wh'.ch on Sundays. The jury, after an interval of an hour and a half, camo intn court and asked tho learned Judgo what amonnt could carry costs. His lordship told them 40s. on which they said that thoy wore seven to five. They wore sent bock to considor their verdicts. After a further interval of two hours they returnod with a verdict for the plaintiff— damages, oue farthing. 