BO BART TOWN AND THE SOUTH. (From Wednesday's T. M. Herald ) MEETING AT THE MECHANICS INSTITUTE On yesterday evening a very crowded meeting took place in the Mechanics' In stitute to hear Mr Cansdell give an ex position of his views on an Income and Property Tax. Near the platform, we noticed may of his supporters at his re cent election, such as Mr O'Rielly, Mr James Salier, Mr. W. Walker, j Mr. 11. Uiusby, and several others. Considera ble impatience was manifested, when Mr. Cansdell did not make his appearance at the appointed time, When he did ap Eear ho excused himself by stating he ad been detained iu the Houee of As sembly, as the subjectof Railways was in troduced, and he wished to give his views before the house on that subject. He alluded to a letter which appeared in that day's issue of the ' Mercury.' He charged Mr Allen, who he described as part ghost, part priest, and part of something else, with writing that letter. He described Mr John Davies as attempting not only through the ' Mercury' of misleading tht public, but iu Parliament, as attempting to brow_ beat members, who were resolved to act independently. There was some excitement when he commenced to ad dress tho meeting, but when he began to express his views us favorable to an In come and Property Tax, he was listened to attentively, lie refuted tho statement of the ' Mercury' respecting the bill brought in by Ministers, as to its being mere jargon. He said it was drafted in accordance with the English Bill, as drawn by Sir W. Follott, and Sir F. Pol lock, and stated he had not seen the min isterial bill until he took it from tbe pigeon hole of the House of Assembly. While he was favourable to the principle of the bill, he was not prepared to give up the Customs Duties, until they had a surplus to carry out an extensive Rail way policy. He then went oil to say that he would uot tax any man's income under £100, and not at the rate of 5^ per cent. He was not for a wool tax or a tax on any export whatever, but he should be fa vourable to an acreage tax, and while this would affect the wool-growers, it would increase agriculture, as the land holder would be desirous of turning his land to the very best accout, Wheti he ceased to address the meeting, Mr O'Reilly was called for, but owing to the noise in the body of the hall, we could catch nothing of what he said, but that he was favourable to Mr Causdell's views. Mr Walker was favourable to the scheme, as at first pronounced by ministers, aud at the same time was an advocate for reduction in the public expenditure. The Hon Mr. tysh was called for, and expressed him self satisfied with the explanation of his friend, and he added that he knew him too well to think that he could be guilty of any inconsistency. He represented the attacks made upon Mr Cansdell as libel lous, and felt confident the constituency of Hobart Town had every confidence in him. Mr Hinsby on being called for ward reiterated the sentiments of Mr. Fysh, and proposed a vote of confidence to their member, which was seconded by Mr O'Reilly, and carried by acclamation. The hon member briefly returned thanks, and the meeting separated. MEETING AT RICHMOND. There was a meeting of the gentlemen resident in the Richmond district yester day, at 3 o'clock, convened by the in habitants to afford an opportunity of expressing an opinion on the Income and Property Tax. The Warden, Captain Ogilvie, was voted to the chair. There were about 200 persons present, amongst them John Lord, Esq, T. G. Gregson, Esq. tho representative of the dis trict, James Lord, Esq, Messrs Crut tendon, Bassett Dickson, George Stokell, junr, Colonel Crawford, J. Fitz- simons, W. Hodgson, T. Hollinsdale, and other residents. There were also a number of gentlemen from Hobart Town who had an interest in the district, W. Messrs Peck, Hornby, McDonnell, W. Campion, &c;, but whose presence was objected to by the Chairman, and after some disturbance a portion of those present quitted the room and formed a seper ate meeting, where the views expressed by the several speakers were favor able to the goverment policy. A rather noisy meeting at length broke up after three cheers for the member, T.G. Gregson, Esq, M.H.A. TIllC WESLETAN CHAl'EL NEW TOWN. A neat and pretty little chapel has just been erected by that indefatigible religuus community— the Wesleyans— on the southern side of tho main road in the beautiful suburban locality of New Town. It is Bituated on the rise of the hill in the direction from the Queen's Orphan Asylum towards Hobart Town It is quite an object of attraction to persons who have recently been to tho for mer place. It presents an elegant and chaste appearance, as a specimen of church architecture, tho style of which is that of the Gothic, of the 14th century very admirably contrived. The building contains a nave of 55 feet long and 25 feet wide, also transept, communion, vestry and class room. The walls whicli are 17 feet high, are of stone from the Hisdon quarries The timbers of ihe roof are seen from below. They are perfectly plain, yet so designed that they may easily, at any future time have added te them, the ornamental pendants, brackets, and ribs. The principal windows are divided by stone mullions, and ornamental bracings. The finals of the gables are of appro priate pat crn presenting the attractive effect of a beautiful finish. The windows are filled with lead lights The glass is nicely stained by various tints of crimson and blue. There is a gallery across the north transept. The Communion is opposite. The front of the Communion is graced by four clustered columns, from which spring three pointed arches. An ornamental rail and ballustcrs of polished cedar enclose the Communion Table, The pulpit, constructed of cedar, is ex tremely neat, and stands on the right of the Communion. The Chapel is capable of providing seat accommodation for three hundred. It was built after adesigu by Mr Rowiitrce, the architect of Elizabeth street. The builder was Mr. R. Wiggius.of the same street. The architectural design, as well as the building, reflect the high est credit upon both architect and builder. The sacred structure was opened on Sunday, the 26th inst, by the Rev Mr Quick, President of the Australian Weslcyan Conference. COnO.VEB'S IKQUEST. An inquest was held on Wednesday, the 29th instant, at the Union Hotel, Camp bell street, before A. B. Jones, Esquire, coroner, touching the death of John Dil lon, a carpenter and shingler,.aged 41 years, who it appeared had fallen from the roof of a cottage he was shingling iu High street, ou Friday lost. Deceased was at work by himself, and was first discovered by Mrs Johnston wife of William John ston, schoolmaster, who occupies the cottage Mrs Johnstone immediately sent for Mr Kipling, deceased's employer, who was soon iu attendance, and had him at once removed to the General Hospital, where it was found he was suffering from a compound fracture of the left thigh bone and general paraly.-is of the body. He died on Tuesday morning. After hearing the evidence ot Doctor Bright, Mrs. Johnston, and other witnesses, tbe jury returned a verdict of accidental death, viz., by the fall from the roof of a cottage deceased was shingling, causing a fracture of the thigh, and paralysis of the limbs. Thursday's Mercury.; Laet evening a crowded meeting took place in the Temperance Alliance Rooms. The chair was occupied by Captain Fisher. The subject of debate was the interference of the authorities with lot teries and the liberty of the subject. The speakers were Mr W. F, Andrews and Mr L. Lodge. The purport of their arguments were, that it is necessary to preserve order, to improve morals, and to restrain vice that the liberty of ihe subject should be restrained occasionally, and under some circumstances to promote the welfare of the greater number of the people. They contended that if the public mind was educated up to that point, a permissive bill for the sale of intoxicants, would be wiser and better than our existing licensing laws, and that if general consent was obtained a pro hibitive law would work better still, aud that such law was within the purview of (he British Constitution. — Friday's T,M. Herald. 