Les PropoB de LabienuB.* PAB A. BoCUABD. (IBAXBLATED FOE THE ATTSTEALASIAir.) In the seventh year after the Christian era the thirty-eighthyear of thereign of Augustus, - and seven yean before his death-(he world was In foil royalism, the sovereign people had « master. Slowly emerging from the rapour of bloocl which empurpled its dawn, the star of Julius ascended, and shed a Boft light over the silent forum. It this a g^and period. The curia, was mute, and the laws held their peace: no more comilia curiata, or centuriata; no mora rogations, no more provocations, no more secessions, no more jpfe6isc#a, no more elections, no more disorder, no more of the army of the reputCic,, nulla fullioa urna; ereiywhere, Roman peace conquered from the Romans: one' sole - ? tribune, Augustus; one sole amy, the &rin;^. of Augustus; one single will,p^.ppul1 consul, he j one single censor^ Wagaioj ;«iyr only prsetor, he--always -he, r;i'\ Proscribed eloquence 4ras: perishtog shade of the scOiibpls« the protection .4$ I Write, Labeo -.to forbidden;-society'was : itself, Eu*eiii l»oeh I, beaten? ohtbend^W&thBi; aw ni- ' ' ft ( t r'y cawU.'y^v vanquished nations were shown in chains bn bas-reliefs; there wore Dalmatians, Canta brians, AquitanianB.and PannonianB; Illyriang" EhoctianB, Yindclicians, Salopians, and Daciang . the Ubians and the Sioambri, and the Parthians (the dream of Cmsar), without count, ing the Romans of the civil wars over whom Augustus had had the audacity to triumph contraiy to custom-but on horseback only by way of modesty. * There had even been one of these wars in, ?which the Emperor commanded in person and was wounded, which ia indeed the height of glory for a great nation. Meanwhile, money was Bhowered upon the people; theprincemultipliedhis distributions it might be said that this- cost him nothing . he distributed, distributed, distributed; he wa» so gracious that he even gave to little children, under eleven years, contraiy to law. It is a fine thing to violate the law, when one is better than the law. As for sight-seeing, a good time had beguiw Tliero was only too much to choose from theatricals, shows of gladiators, games of the forum, games of the amphitheatre, games of the circus, games of the comitia, nautic^ games, and Trojan games; without reckoning races, hunting, and the contests of the athletes, and without prejudice to exhibitions of the rhinoceros, of tigers, and of serpents fifty cubits long. Never had the Roman people been w amused. Add that the prince frequently re viewed the knights, and was fond of repeating the ceremony of seeing them pass in flpfiln n majestic spectacle, if tiot varied, - and one which it would be unjust to omit in enumera ting the pleasures of which he waB so prodigal to the masters of the world. As for him, his pleasures were Bimple, and except that, perhaps, he too often gave th» lawful place of Scribonia, or of Livia, to Brasilia, to Tertulla to Terentilla, to Bu> filla, to- Balvai Titiscenia, or others > and that he liad the bad taste, in the' midst of (amine, to banquet over-joyously, disguised as a god, with eleven com panions deified like himself; and that he ws» rather too passionately fond of fine, furniture and beautiful Corinthian vases- sometimes to the extent of killing the owner to obtain the vase; and that he was a gambler to the core^. and was always Blightly prone to the vice of his uncle; and that, becoming fastidious in his old age, he would admit only virgins to his intimacy, and that the care of pro* caring them was confided by him to his wife Livia (who, by the way, acquitted her* self with great zeal in this little matter) * if it had not been for this, and some lighter per formances which are scarcely worth mention ing, Suetonius assures us that, in every thing else, his life was well regulated and above reproach. It was a happy epoch, then, this JuKan era;, this age of Augustus was a great age; and it was not without reason that Virgil-a little^ plundered at first, but subsequently compen sated-exclaimed that the reign of Saturn had returned. There was, indeed, here anpl there, a shadow over the scene. There had been some ton conspiracies end as many seditions, and this rather dfcmages a reign. It was the re publicans who reappeared. As many as oould be Hlled' bad been pal: out of the way, at Pharealia, at Thapsus, at Munda, at Pliilippi, at Aottum, at Alexandria^ and in Sicily, fin? Soman liberty died bard* not less than seven great slaughterings^-serea massacres-were required to dispose of them. The legionB seemed to rise from the earth at Pompey's will, and these ever- reviving re publicans had been always conscientiously' destroyed:-but how many P Three hundred thousand, perhaps, altogether; this was well, but it was not enough; pom# were left yet Hence some little ooiitnu^efiea iptbe life of a great man. Intfce senate he was obliged to have cuirass and sword beneath his robe (which is uncomfortable, especially in a hot country), and to surround himself with ten stout fellows,, whom he called his friends, and who were never* the lees troublesome company for There were also thK>e conorta who carried their weapons behind him, inthat same city into which, sixty y^ars befqre, it fwnot lawful to enter with a »rnM itWifi* j, juw. this might breed somedottbts Mto&e;'^pulanty of the* fatherofhisoouhbyi,*'? Then there w»s Agrippa, who was iatber too destq^ptjiw t J>u| hjm £* marble sepulchre for this gre&tpeople; wbi«* wm determined to die,- ; ' There was also the prefect ofLyons, Lici f WHU J «w TffW PU _ adminiitmtorj wh&ioatenteft; himseif "with gfsping the money where be found it w jj^ple's pockets, who Worked without |^Mtie8, and wanted jeniuiin execution. « pi^to #o to ^Atb jmontbs to ^he wletTdar, so thatjwTnlght twioep*ow yw^Bxact the niobthly impost in his good waver, i| wust op iainlttedthat he ~~d wiitb|^|DMi0r the Irults of his J**'-', _w c. gooflpfiodle pfflyboK Botnonoi how evoffyfi|4 alpoMotor, . for «oeaU toeing an absorbing Bpectacle, the most attrac tive of diversions, but it is a resource that re quires management. One must not too lightly play this insolent and terrible gaipe, which oan turn upon him who plays it; and, when one is a saviour, it is scarcely becoming to send too lightly to the slaughter the people whom one has saved. This might be said; but who thought of it then t Hardly twenty thousand mothers, and whut is that in a gT6&t; empire ? One knows well that glory does not give favours, end Borne was rich enough in blood and treasure to pay for them. Augustus got over the difficulty by quietly knocking his head against the wall, and by composing a I prosopopoeia, which lias since become classic. I Lastly, there was Lollius, who lost an eagle 1 but that might be passed over} and as for the finances, a new era was opened, a great administration scheme was invented the i world was to be administered. The empire monster-with a hundred million hands and one belly-unity, is established! I will work with your hands, and you shall ' digest with my stomach. You see how plain 1 this is, and Menenius was quite right, and I j need not trouble myself about the feelings of the peasants on the Danube. If the system had some abuses, if occa sionally there was a famine, this was but a email cloud amidBt the beaming of the general joy, a jarring note which was lost in the oon cert of public thankfulness; and all those small discomforts which casually ruffled the surface of the empire, were, truth to say, but happy contrasts, agreeable diversions for a people, fortunately accorded to it to enable it to rest in its enjoyment, and to give it tame to breathe; they were, so to speak, the seasoning ! to the sumptuous repast, just enough to break the monotony of success, to temper pleasures, and to prevent satiety. The people j were 6urchaiged with prosperity. There are benefite which overwhelm, happinesses which kill. Who then, in this golden age, could com plain ? Tacitus tells us that aereji- yean later, when Augustus died, there remaiued but few citizens who had Been the republic; there were still lees who had served it. They had been carried off by the civil wars, or by proscriptions, or by summary executions, or by assassination, or by imprisonment, or by exile, by misery, or by despair. Time had done the rest. There were left but some sour spirits, some morose old men; and as for those who had come into the world after the battle of Actium, they were all born with the image of the emperor in the eye ; and if they saw no clearer for that, there was at least room for hope that they would be disposed to think well of the new state of affairs, and eveii to consider it the best of all possible conditions, since they had never seen any other. Thus the herd of Remus was content, and all was for the beet in the best of empires. At this time lived Labienus. Do you know labienus ? He was a strange creature, of singular humour. Picture to yourself his obstinacy in remaining a citizen in a city where none but subjects remained. Can you conceive this ? Civis Sotuanus turn, he would say. It was impossible to get him out of that. He wished, like Cicero, to die free in his free country. Can you imagine such extravagance ? _ Citizen ana free! The fool! Doubtless he said this, as Polyeucte afterwards ' said MI am a Christian 1" without knowing ' well what he eaid. The truth is that his poor head was out of order; he was touched with a dangerous affection of the brain; such, at j least, was the opinion of the Emperor's physician, the celebrated Artorius, who , this kind of folly a ratiocinative monomania, and who prescribed treatment for it in prison. Labienus had not followed the prescription, and he war by no means cured, as you will see when I have made you better acquainted with him. i Tltius Labienus bore a name already twice made illustrious by good citizens. The first, ^Labienus, Caesars lieutenant, had left him after the passing of the i Rubicon, so as not to be an aooom- ; plice in his crime; the second,preferred the service of the Parthians to that of the triumvirate j our hero was the third. One line from Seneca the rhetorician suffices even now to give ub a glimpse of this grand figure, for we there find this proud speeoh of La bienus;-"I know that what I write tan, perhaps, only be read after my death." Orator ~ historian -of tbe firafc nuik, aoquiring rioiy m spite of a thousand obstacles, it was -H of hun that he bad seized rather than obtained admiration.- Be wrote a histoiy, of which, with dosed doors, he read some pages to his cafe friends. _ Specially for this history the sentencing ofbooks to the flames was applied for the first time, on the motion of a senator wno himself ;vm smitten, some time afterwards the punishment which he had invented.* and thus Labienus was the first in Boine to receive the honour, afterwards more' common, of a® mcepdiaiy 9e*atu*oi>ntidtii*, It is this, which Monaeur Egger j udiciously styles <«pew difficulties begotten by; the Imperial The poor historian, thus oondemned to the «ames, unable to survive his work, shut himself J? w the tombof his ancestors, never to enienm -He thought his work annihilated. « was not. Oassius inew it ly .Jbimjt and Sheltered by exile, was, as he said T»#e^ « living edition of the work of his bum whicl1 woul4 not > , Without doubt,fi« rioatt, «<. ?? you will Bee that in hiB language, as in his life and in his death, he was always the same that is to Bay, irioorrigible. He was & man o£ an old party, since liberty had passed away 5 a re-actionary, since the republic was a thing of by-gone time; a remnant of the ancient rule, since the government of the law was the rule of a former time; in one word, he was a blockhead. He was one of those bad folks who have' need to tremble under a strong Government, in order that the good may be re-assured, and society, shaken to its foundations, may settle itself on its bases. This is not all ; Labienus was ungrateful. In full Ooasarism, in full glory, in the midst, of this superabundance of public happiness, and of this immense feast for the human race, he misunderstood the benefits which were scattered with open hand by the second founder of Rome, the pacificator of the world; he had blind passions, and, at the same time, those hostile passions which make dangerous men and disastrous citizens. But you don't know bim yet. His passion, craving air and space by the extinction of the principate, be, being neither able to speak, nor write, nor act, nor move, passed whole hours on the Sublician bridge (watching the Tiber flow), moveless and silent, but with aspect fierce and menacing gesture, his bosom swelling with the spirit of ancient days, like a statue of avenging Mars,-like a petri fied tribune. It is sweet to sleep, said Michael Angelo, or to be of stone, while misery and shame endure. Labienus did not sleep, but he was of stone harder than the rock of the CapitoL Tyranny had no hold upon him,(and the fangs of the empire could not rend him. He was a Soman of the old flint, against which nothing could prevail. Alone, erect, like CocleB, be-1 tween an army and a precipice, he defied the one and the other;-he defied Augustus and smiled at death. In all this there was some thing good, if you choose; but on the other hand, what an odious character and perversa spirit! In vain Octavius had struck a handsome medal, with the three hands of the triumvirs interlaced, and this sublime inscription, " The BBlv&tion; of the human race." This even dis Sleased Labienus; be pretended that it had een saved in spite of itself, and cited this verse of Horace: " He who would serve me 'gainst my will, la but the ruffian who would kill." The old Labienus was one of those who had seen the republic; this was not his fault, but he had the folly to <Atn£ofit-that was the mis chief. He liad before him a great reign, and he was»not content. There are some people who riever are content. He thought himself always on the morning after Fharsalia; forty years of glory glared uponhiseyes without open ing them; he had the air of a maa who was troubled with bad dreams, and the reality was to hinronly an infernal vision. He was the subject of grotesque surprises ; he would not believe what had happened. Epimenides (who slept a hundred years), when he woke, was less astonished. Sorrowful amidst universal joy, gloomy amidBt Soman revelry, he was there, and he seemed to be elsewhere; he was a spectre at a feast; you would have said that he was a dead maa escaped from the tombs of Philippi, an inquisitive ghost who came to look on. Some times a friend grieved for him ; he-he grieved Jbr his friend. Oftener, alone, he growled in a corner; he watched the progress of the empire. It was hardly possible to make suoh a man understand reason; he was of another age, exiled into a new one; he had home sickness for the past; he had learnt nothing, forgotten nothing; he knew nothing of the present epoch; he had all the prejudices of Brutus; he was infected with Greek opinions which had not been current in Some for a long tame. He had an air as antique as the Twelve Tables; he thought aiwayB as people thought in the time of Fabrioius, and the long haired Camilli. And then such fantastic notions, such inconceivable folly! taste BO utterly whimsical, strange, and inexplicable!-he loved liberty! Evidently Labienus had not common sense. To love liberty. Do you understand that ? This was retrograde, since liberty was cm ancientthing. sew men loved the new system. He had no perception of lights and shades, no notion of time, no eenBe of transitions. Time had moved on, ideas abo; he remained fixed like a. boundary; he still believed injustice, in the laws, in science, and in conscience; clearly he raved. -Like Cicero, he spoke of the duty of honourable men; he spoke of the senate, of the tribunes, of the comitia, and did not see that all these things had melted away like snow in the great sewer, and that he was, almost alone, on the brink.' He still reckoned the years by the oonsuls; for Augustus had left the name to make, people believe in the existence of Che thing; and . Labienus hoped,' by preserving the name, to revive the thing. He prepared addresses to the people, as if then wasa people5 be invoked the laws as if therewere any lawB; the Empire was, to him, in tlie KoiaanannalB j he longed to turn^the leaf or to itearit out 1 he .always said It would come lo. 141 ^^ janfi be believed so; people thought downrightfool, and he wap, as JToi?iherest.gop$ wrt of/man; quepr, Tdthfet lie cbujcl aoi> kill "a chlrken, w TrlSh ,:tbe le&fc;*barmti> anyone' except Augustus; fendyethewas- so gdntle tbathe xwouldvbfaly have-;sent him to the reformatory, tb® jtreadrmilli in opposition to fte general ppuuon, .yhioh wpHld h*ve con /fatrinrtl Mm trt flu} crpSS, . .. . " inoreo^er,with lent is eood fcr a crinynal. js true, iherHO^/ttat^dMireei 'to® obly goodtliing1 that^coiild happen to AugUMtu^j^ifeWent. ' " One day,as he *fclktd itf the Bortioo of ;a t,c t.. Ij>tr \ s-iii Junius Gallio fraa.awise young man, as I«afeip»WS wmwi pld /opL He was »,$mm jeabje yojwg J 9tJ ^eU^Wne^j^ ^ijmrojeojk , and -amoderate Stoio-Bpanwi' Jmd |?l BW wyww , MWMIUB» tpuu ;En4v8utie^'i ;'tom tfrfSo'4 of %Wb feountn6s,Lbf half-T)l66fledi tbls<mfcded, aUtdeof'thls.imda lMebf frJiswbetfo^fUtei^raoe^ burning dt. |g"' ' "" ph^rftc ter, loving everybody a little, even Labienus. ; He was o Brother of Seneca, who dared not to ! live, and uncle of IJuoan, who knew not how to die. There was nothing more left at that time, than chips of heroism and splinters of greatness-a people in ruins before its temples -here and there still some half-Romans. Oallio made rhjmes for the favourite of Meecenas-the critics call him the ingenious Gallio. In fine, he had ability, for he was proconsul. After him, those who were in* different in religious concerns were called Gfellionists. He would be as little patronising in the B&me; way in political matters. Labienus reproached him for this. And I think that the gloomy saunterer was passing him without caring to recognise him, for Labienus was not agreeable. He was scarcely more affable than those famous senators who, proudly sitting in the midst of the forum, once upon a time so coldly received the Gauls. Neither would Gallio have ventured to touch Labienus by the beard ; but the young fellow was so pleased, BO excited, was so anxious to find some one to whom he could tell the great piece of news he had heard, and was so curious to see its effect on Labienus, that he accosted him-. " Good-day, Titus, quid agis, dalcissime rerum ? How d'ye do ?" " Badly, if the empire does well." " All right; it is well known that you are always in a bad humour; but I have news to tell you." "There can be no news for me while Augustus still reigns." "Come, I know you've been in a rage these thirty years, and have not smiled once since the triumvirate. But hear my news the Memoirs of Augustus have just come out!" " Since when have robbers taken to writing books?" " Since honest peonle became Emperors." " Alas I" *' " So, my dear Titus, you won't read these Memoirs ?" " I will read them, Gallio, I will read them, weeping for shame at them." " And will you answer theui, criticise them, write an Anti-Caesar, as Caesar wrote an Anti Cato?" " No, Gallio, I will publish nothing on the subject. I dispute not with the master of thirty legions; in a country which is not free it ought to be forbidden to approach contem porary history, and criticism, in like manner, is impossible." "Won't you enlighten the public?" "I will'not help to deceive them; for in these times, on such subjects, nothing can appear which iB good, nothing which is good can appear. I will continue writing my secret history, and will send a few leaves to Severus in a safe place. I will save the trath by banishing it." "But we are told that criticism shall be free. Tyranny will allow eight days' liberty to literature." "They could but give a sham liberty, a liberty of December, that is to say a liberty of the Carnival, Ubertas Decembris as Horace has it; I will not make use of it. I would not, by writing against the book, place myself be* tween the vengeance of Octavius and the clemency of Augustus, without even a choice between them. I would not, like Cinna, give the knave the opportunity of doing the magnanimous, and thus be victimised by his favours. As for praising the book, I can only do that if it is good, in which case I should fear to be confounded, with those who praise it with other motives. It is therefore as impossible for me to praise as to blame it. And, besides, the book is not good, and cannot be so. When a man is .criminal enough to make himself King, und fool enough to make himself God, I believe that he could not have all the requisite qualities for writing histoiy. Tou know already that he has neither goad sense nor good faith. What then has he left ? He can neither know the truth, nor say it if be knew it. With what, then, does this sceptre bearer meddle ? An historian King ought to begin by abdicating. He has not done so-a bad sign. And then, I hare read some passages. He justifies the proscriptions, and apologizes for usurpation. This is as it should be. And you wish, Gallio, that I should criticise this labour of ignorance and of false hood, clothed with the approbation of two thousand centurions, and reoommended by veteran legions to the reader! Oriticism! it is the judgment-seat that yon ought to say. Do yon not see, my little Gallio, that this is one of the shrewdest tricks , that this son of the banker has played with the sons of the wolf, who, alas! know not how to bite like their ancestress. Ah! Gallio, we are degenerate, we are BomaoB in decay, fallen from Cesar to Augustus, from Charybdis into Scylla; from force to trickery, and from the uncle to the nephew! Pho! No! I will not be en , trapped in' this literary fambuspade, nor fall into the snare, and above all I will not cause others to foil into it. No; I will not write on the Memoirs of Augustus. , The silence of the people is a lesson for Kings. Labienus will give that lesson to Augustas. u Be at your ease, moreover: if you wish for criticisms upon tfaiB little morsel of Imperial literature. If you wish for fine appreciations, you will have plenty of them, u you wish .tor,wise dissertations, there will be showers of them. If yon want ingenious and pointed observations, vie^s foil of novelty, elegant ajjd courteous disoussions-sustained in an exquisite 1 etrkinby people of (he highest circles, you will haye' ihem ; if you wish for discussion with beridedknee and rhetoric grovelling in the dust; for epigrammatic surprises, whose point 'tickles instead of pleroing j forbites whion are caresses; fop 'de^ly .repiiwapheB whioh j£ve pleasure; for worshipful orouohings gleaming pdifoitly unpler. the,,appearand of a grave judgment; for pti|tty little words, thoroughly pleasant, delioateiy wrapped up in the folds of 'a savisge and- harsh phrase; for bouquets of .flo^eris of iLatinity j {& .stMtam ofhoneyed eloquence ; for arguments offered up on velvet ) CU^pnfl, { for <jfcjfiq^pM presented on a silver putter, like a letter by * jwwvant-^nothing of this sort will be wanting, my dear Gallio t WO shallhay® Jh? chorus pfthe ipusesof ttoS&fc; figuring. away, and jM&oepas; will lead the ;wulefc?' . The chaste sisters haye left Pindiis for 'Moutat Balatifle,1ih& Apollo haaerileredthe " ofc! /Thus An£usttttu ku* >1j£« puUfo/of 'ers*.of:judges, of crifciaii of«bdp£isti;jand id if :j.- Vv-'i " Already the literary world is in eostaoj. Varius weeps for joy, Flavus flutters with tenderness, Babirius is getting his tablets ready, Haterius will give a lecture, Tarpa will J? .a .declamation, Pompeius Macer declares that it is a great day for morality, and orders three gorgeous copies for the three public libraries which he has just established 1 enestella is about to add a volume to his literary history 5 Metelius, who composes' well the prince s speeches, will count up the oratorical beauties of his book, and Verrius the grammarian, the grammatical beauties; Mara thus, the historiographer, will make an analysis of it in the Court Journal; and Athenodorus the baDger-on of Octavia, will arrange a para phrase for the ladies, with little iotes accom mpdated to the understanding of the princesses Here are ten of them ; I know of a thousand these people wiU go brawling in review before the Emperor, like the knights on parade; he in the meantime, will wear an aspect full modesty and majesty; his gesture will say 'Enough!* his smiles will say 'More!' and the crowd will scream till they are hoarse. " As he has had the herd of the Seven Hills to applaud his acts, he will have the herd authors to praise his book. The applause sure, but it can only come from one side, and this is only a consequence arising grotesquely enough from his singular literary situation. " The unfortunate fellow perhaps could not foresee this, but I am amused at "it. He will succeed, of course, by command; that is hard but I can't help it. Omnipotence has in conveniences for an author j the path is not all flowers in the way of a crowned writer. The post is not tenable, and Virgil would hare lost his Latin in it. Hut one must submit to the law one has accepted, and when the cup of shame is poured out, it must be drunk. Atten tion,then, my dear Qallio; the ceremony begins it will be loud-sounding and crowded; the mueicians are in their places, tuning their instruments and preluding the concert ; look, then, and listen, if it is to your taste; I confess that the spectacle will be enjoyable enough for those who still can smile. "I know that the work will comprise the last civil war, and even the last year of Julius Ctesar. In good faith, my dear Gailio, can you take this seriously ? Augustus publishing a book upon the revolution which he has made! _ What would you say of a criminal publishing to apology for his crime P To my thinking he is guilty of a second outrage, more difficult, indeed, than the first (for it is easier to commit a crime than to justify it) but the second offence, if more difficult, is also more criminal and mischievous, for the victims are more numerous, the consequences more lasting. "Tbefirst attacks the lives of men, the second their consciences; the one kills the body, the other the spirit; the one oppresses the pre sent, the other the future. It is the coup d'etat in morality, the creation of disorder, system atised injustice, the organisation of evil, tie promulgation of wrong, the proscription of truth, the final defeat of public reason, the general overthrow of ideas, an intellectual battle of Actium. It is the true crowning of the edifice (couronnement <Tun edifice) of wickedness and infamy, and it is also the only possible one. " The book of Augustus is his life set up for an example, his ambition condoned, his will formulated into law ; it is the code of male factors, and the Bible of rascals; and it is such a book as this that you would publicly criticise under the control of his good pleasure! " Would yon make a literary opposition to Augustus? Have with you! Criticism against Octavius! how absurd! He did not criticise Cioero, he killed him! What! the wretch who assassinates you, makes a speech to you about his murders, and, before finishing you,- asks your opinion on his little composition .^-your sincere opinion, there and then, on the matter and the manner-your literaiy and political opinion, for he is an artist and a good fellow, and he wants to know your opinion on his work; and you would meekly give it to him, and would blindly converse with your executioner, with his knife at your throat! My dear Gallio! you don't mean it. " What would you think of Verres writing a book upon property ? Would you discuss it with him ? Aie the Memoirs of Oclaviut anything else ? Is it not the theory of usurp ation written by an usurper ? It is a Bchool of conspiracy ojwned by an unpunished con spirator. " After all, the author can only tell what he knows; he knows how to pillage a city, to out the throats of senators, to rifle the treasury of a temple, and to rob Jupiter; he knows how to make false keyB, false oaths, and false wi'ls; he knows how to lie, in the fomm, and in the curia; to corrupt the electors, or to do without them; to kill his wounded colleagues, as at Modena; to proscribe wholesale, with other royal tricks. After the plan of.the first Caesar, he knows how to borrow from some to lend to others, and thus to make friends on both sides; he knows how, with a vigorous spring, to overleap all barriers and all Rubi cons, and then with a last bound, careering over all laws, human and divine, to make the perilous jump, to turn a somersault-and «ome down king. *' HeJmows all this, but he knows not one word of history, nor of politics, nor of morality, except the great morality, that is to say, the morality of the great, as taught in his family. " One finds nothing, then, in this book which one wants to know, and everything in profusion which it is dangerous to learn. "He loves old wprds, old coins, and old lielmete, - but h6 lovos not old manners* Would you disouss with him any question in grammar, aroliceology, or numismatics P Pool | to do him such honour. You must see that this would be to fall into his snare, and to nlav his game. '.Do what they may, people of this sort feel that they are under the ban of society. They have violently broken from it by crime, they would re-enter it slily by trickery. " They have only one ambition,' t o work themselves baclj again amongst honest people. To do this, jthey , ta ke all disguises; they go about, seeking everywhere their ^poot lost honour $ one sees them, crowned tneudioan' almsti&ich; one oannartrgive 'them he males to save some fragments of Ills ship wrecked reputation; this last effort to retrieve foishonourwhenthelastbr&nchiBbrealtingttnder; him; this last struggle of Osesar agaiuBt the pressure of opinion, has something melancholy and comic, like the last grimace of the criminal on the gallows, or like the smile of the gladiator who wishes to die with grace. " The book of Osesar is the toilet of the con demned; it is tiie salute of the criminal to tbe crowd as he goes to execution. It is the coquetry of the last day. " CreBar was so filthy that the executioner would have had nothing to do with himj he cleanses himself to embrace death. "And he aBks for readers! Insolence! readers for Cesar P Wbat for P He dares, in his preface, to address questions' to readers ; but the lictor will reply for him." " In expectation of this reply, I will read the Memoirs of Augustus "And I," replied Labienus, " will read I again the Letters of Cassias.'" i i 