TAlRALGA. (Froes a correspondent.) LAIYNG TIIE FOUNDATION STONE OF ST. LUKE'S CisUolcis (CHURCHis OF ENGLAND). Tlns ceremony took place yesterday, 18th October, St. Luke's Day, after which saint the church is named. The service appointed for this occasion was con duetcd by the Lord Bishop of Goulburn, assisted by the Revs. Leigh and Soaborn. The stone was laid by Mrs. Thomas, who handled the trowel in such an excellent style as to call forth the remark from the contractor that "she was an excellent mason." The stone being now lot down by the blocks, windlass, &c.;, and properly adjusted, Mr. Whiting stopped forward and presented the lady with a mallet, with which to complete her work. lie stated that he had much ploeasure in presenting it, not in consequence of its intrinsic worth, but as an expression of his good wishes in reference to the great work that had brought them together; and as it was his own handiwork, made out of a peach-tree grown in the first orchard planted in the district by Sir WV. DIc Arthur, he hoped Irs. Thomas would eoep it as a memorial of the day's transaction. After thanking Mr. Whiting for the mallet, she gave the stone some hearty blows with it, and find ing the stone properly laid, read the following declaration, contained in the above-named service: Fornsmnuml as Almighty God accepted the purpose of bis servosts, David and Solomon, to build His temople at Jorusa ltem, and, nothing doubling but that Iie favourably allocOth tllis charitable desige of ours to build a ihouse to lls glory, I, therefore, on behalf of Ilis church and people, lay this stone of a ehureh (O bear tihe nams of St. Louke) to te hionour and glory of elio holy, eternal, and undivided Trinity, the sather, the on, ndi tie Ilo'y Ghost. Amen. The congregation having joined in singing rraiso God, from whom all blessings flow, &e.;, the Bishop concluded the deeply intorcsting ceremony by pronouncing the bonediction. The above ceremony took place between twelvo and one o'clock, and shortly after the party repaired to a largo substantial booth which had been erected for the occasion by the committee, assistod by a few kind friends, in which were a number of tables richly provided with the good things of this life, supplied and presided over by thirteen ladies, who represented no less than four christian denomina tions, a sort of "ovangelical allianco;" and however much we may be behind other districts in some matters, we think we may takeo credit to ourselves for setting an example to the whole southern dis tricts in refeoronce to christian union. From a hundred and filty to two hundred persons partook of the sumptuous repast, and though ample justice was done as far as the writer's observation wont, (of course there was a personal interest to be attended to at the time,) yet a much larger number could have boen supplied. After the tables had been cleared and seats, &c.;, properly arranged, divine service was held in the booth. Prayers were read by the Rev. R. Leigh, and the Bishop preached a short excellent sermon founded on Mark xiii. 34. After the sermon there was a collection, amounting to a little over six poands, which, added to the proceeds of the refresh mont tickets, will make about fifteen pounds to be placed to the credit of the building fund. The serviceo being closed, the Bishop held a public meeoot ing, and first called upon the Rev. it. Leigh, the treasurer, to make a financial statement, from which it appears that the total amount of the contracts lot will be a little over £200. The subscriptions paid and promised amounted to about £130, and the list being called over several subscriptions wore paid in and some noew ones obtained, which, added to the former list with proceeds of the day's effort, leaves a comparatively small sum to be made up, and the committee are encouraged thereby to call for additional tenders for internal fittings, and a vestry room also to bhe added. By way of closing the day's procoeedings, votes of thankns were given to the Bishop and Mirs. Thomas for their valuablo services, to the ladies who so graciously provided the tables, and especially those ladies belonging to other denominations. The national anthem was then sung by the congregation, all standing, assisted by Mliss Whiting on the har monium; at the close of which three hearty choorn were given for her Majesty Queen Victoria and one heeor more, and so closed one of the happiest days over enjoyed by the people of Taralga. Nothing seemed to interfere with the pleasures of the day except a strong wind blowing from the west all the day, causing the tarpaulins covering tbo booth to make such noise as sometimes to prevent the Bishop from being heard. October 10. 