LATE EUROPEAN TELEGRAMS. [Translation. from V Illustration Paris, per Greville and Company, Reuter's Agents.] In Austria the Snider gun, in Prussia the needle-gun, and in France the Chassepot gun, engross more attention at this moment of peace than all the marvels so much talked of before- hand about the Universal Exhibition of 1867. Who can therefore wonder that great interest is I felt concerning the reorganization of the army ? It is asserted that three systems are being examined; first, the Prussian system, consisting of forced recruiting without drawing for chance or without any other exemption than disease or infirmity; second, the system of voluntary enlistments greatly encouraged by extraordinary premiums ; third, the present system modified as follows:—General obligation to serve for all men from the age of 20 to 30 ; drawing chances by 600,000 men composing the active service ; the other forming a kind of Garde Mobile; the time of service to be six years instead of seven. [Extracts from the Semaphore de Marseilles.] Leipsio, Oct. 24.—The Universal Gazette of Leipsig states that the Minister of Justice has demanded to be allowed to prosecute, as traitors to the country, several speakers of the National party who have spoken publicly in the Central Constantinople, Oct 24.—The Prince of Roumania (Prince Hohenzollern) arrived to-day in this city, and took up his quarters at the magnificentpalace of the Sultan—the Shore of the Sweet Waters. He was immediately received in a most gracious manner by the Sultan, who presented to him with his own hands the docu ment relating to his recognition. Roice, 24th Oct.—The Sanitary Commission of this city has discovered only 40 cases of cholera in 23 days. The greatest number of these has been ascertained as having taken place in the Hospitals of the Holy Ghost and St. John. Several other cases have been also found by other physicians in other hospitals. Paris, Oct. 26.—The Patrie denies that there is any truth, or even foundation for the reports as to a loan of 40 millions sterling (un milliard.) I'Etendard and La France add to the above that there is not the least intention to raise a loan either large or small. Pares, Oct. 25.—The Emperor Napoleon was well, and enjoyed himself for several hours at a grands chasse at Versailles. St. Petersburg, October 25.—The Caucasian and three neighboring provinces have been dis armed by order of the Emperor of Russia. 