I SUNDAY READINGS. 7 ; ?' '? ^ ? ' ;'??? ;.- , ',-/;:;;.T i THE JESUITS IN PARAGUAY.^ ( ': ™'ir Before ouv Blessed Lord-left His Apostles and; v : ::^ was taken up into heaven, He addressed thiaW : r: solemn charge to them : ' Go ye into the whole ' ' : '' world and preach the Gospel to every creature ?'' : ',' and ive see in the Acts of the Apostles hovv v':''[ faithfully they obeyed this command, how rlili. :'1 gent they were in going about from one country : ' to another, 'preaching the Gospel in all the - '' cities.' ! ?.???' What the Apostles began, their successors.;; ' continued ; from that day to this, the work of ;'- conversion has steadily and constantly gone on ' in every age ; not a century, not a half century has passed away, in which some addition ha3 .; not been made to the fold of Christ ; in which. '. ; some nation, or a part of some nation, has not, '[ for the first time heard the glad tidings of the. ' Gospel. And the work has not ended yet ; at 'ir this very moment priests and Bishops, succes sors of the Aposties, are carrying the light of Christian truth and holiness into dark heathen, ' '* ;: countries, where it has never yet been seen, or- ?'' if for a moment seen, has been soon violently ex- : ; tinguished. ? ? ;': I have seen and conversed with several of' -' these zecalous missionaries myself ; one in par-, ticular was a Bishop who had spent nineteen.: '' years among the heathens of China, and had' : brought many hundreds of the poor ignorant '? natives of that country to the knowledge of ' ' Christ, and the salvation of their immortal. ; souls. He told me that, of seventeen priests. ' who went out with him to undertake this work in 1830, he was now the only survivor ; most of the others had suffered martyrdom ; and the W who had not been put to death expressly on ; ' account of their religion, had yet died prema- '?' ':; - turely in consequence of the excessive fatigues. . ;: and labours which they had to undergo. This ' '^ Bishop had himself suffered again and again all : ' kinds of cruelties, and gone through innumer- ; able dangers in the execution of his holy and ' A cnaritame mission; he had been placed in a p great jar or cask, and buried alive in a garden ' ' for four-and-twenty hours, as the only means of ' being concealed from his persecutors ; he had -' ??'???? had his arm broken more than once, as a punn ' - ' ' '; ment inflicted by order of the 'heathen magis._ ' r ' trates ; besides many others which I cannot now ? ' ?' I mention ; yet, when I saw him last year, he was ; ' ? f just returning with undiminished zeal to his ap- . ? ' pointed post there to fulfil our Lord's command:: i:'-;- : * to be ' a witness unto Him even to the utter-! ^ ? ? most part of the earth.' ,r ?-.;? ,...;.; The labours and sufferings of apostolic men.,-'-Vi;:1 like these cannot fail to be of the deepest in-:.' ? '??'???'? terest to every Christian who has any love for - ' ' - the religion which he professes, any love for the ?' -+'??- souls of his fellow-creatures, any love for the- |lV ?' ??'??''i , Son of God, -who laid down his life on' the cross ?'?'?- ?f----v.-l that He might redeem mankind. We propose, '''?''- therefore, from time to time, to lay before :-6w;; i; ' ;-': '?'- readers some sketches of the Catholic : MisJ* ??? sionary, whether in ancient or: in modern days, i whether in our own or in foreign lands, whether ? 'labouring for the conversion of heretics or of' - heathens ; in a word, we propose to shew you. in a series of pictures taken from different ageB. and different countries, how faithfully the;' ' Church has always ful tilled this injunction of her Divine Head, 'Going therefore, teach ye all natious ;. baptising them in the' name of the-. Father, and of the Son, and ef the Holy Ghost j; ' teaching them to observe all things whatsoever^ 1 have commanded you ;'. and at the same time how faithfully .that Divine Head has fulfilled;-1 the gracious promise which He vouchsafed- to, ?' annex to the command, ' Behold, I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world.' Our first picture shall be taken from a part of: ? the great continent of America; and a few- ; words about the early history of that country ;vre perhaps necessary, that you may be able -: justly to appreciate the labours of those missions ^ ? ? .tries whom we are about to introduce to you; '-! ' America was discovered, that is, was first; ?' uade known to the Europeans, about 350 yearav ' tgo. The people who at time inhabited it wet&-: ? ?tost of them savages, and: all of ^them were; ' .oathen,; I mean, by savages, that they knew.1 u-thingiof the arts ot civilised life ; they built; - io houses, wore no clothes, lived on what they - oukl g-tj, ^ hunting ana iiyhing, and on 'wild.1. ? ' aits ai, iPpots, which they ttug' up from1 the '?' , trth; i\anaeir dispositions, however, they were - ' ,ot ojih^Vise, than gentle' and^kind; those at ?'?'- teast whe inhabited the island where the Euro* peans first landed ; and when they saw the ships in which these strangers had come, and the strangers themselves clothed in garments such as they had never before seen, and armed too with spears and swords of glittering steel, they could not imagine that they were human beings like themselves, but thought they belonged to some superior race, and had come down from the sides or risen out of the great sea. At first they were very much frightened too, and ran away ; W wTiPTi tfiev found that the Spaniards (for it was from that part of Europe that the strangers had come) did them no harm, they came back * again and treated them with great respect and confidence. Had the Spaniards always continued to behave towards these poor simple savages in the same kind manner in which they began, the labour of a Christian priest amongst them might have. been an easy and delightful task; for seeing the great superiority of the Spaniards over themselves in every thing that concerned this world, they might naturally have been dis posed to listen with a very friendly ear to all that they had to tell them about another world, which could not see, but which was to come after the life of this world was ended. And, in fact, the first of the inhabitants with whom they ? had to do, a few whom they carried back with them into Spain, were very soon converted and made Christians. For Christopher Columbus, who was at the head of the expedition by which America was discovered, was a religious-minded man ; and the Queen of Spain, who had sent him out, was very anxious to do all she could to assist in spreading the knowledge of the Chris tian faith. Columbus and all his crew had ap proached the holy Sacraments in a very solemn way before starting on their dangerous voyage ; when first they saw the land which they had been long looking for, they all sang the le Deum, a hymn of thanksgiving to Almighty God for having granted them the desire of their hearts, and having delivered them from so many and great dangers ; and when they actually set foot on shore, at the same time they planted the royal standard of Spain, to declare that they took possession of the country in the name of their earthly sovereign, they also erected a cruci fix, to declare that they meant to add it to Christ's kingdom upon earth ; that they claimed it for the King of kings and Lord of lords ; and, as an earnest of their intention, they called the island San Salvador, or the island of the Holy Saviour. And the next island which they discovered they dedicated to our.Blessed Lady, under the title of i her .Conception. Ala9, that an undertaking, whose beginnings were so Christian, should have been afterwards carried on by such unchristian means ; .that so fair a promise should have been soon so wofully marred ! Columbus left about forty men in a fort which he built for them in one of the islands, charged them to obey their commander, not to quarrel amongst themselves, and above all, not to give offence to the natives ; and then he set sail for Spain, to^carry the news of this wonderful dis covery. He soon came back again, bringing with him those few natives whom he had carried away, and who had been duly instructed in the Christian faith and baptised, and also a small baud of zealous priests, who had voluntarily of fered themselves to undertake the great work of converting the people. Perhaps these mission aries had formed to themselves a very glowing picture of the rich harvest of souls which awaited them in this new world ; the first-fruits had already been gathered, and stood there before them a pattern of simplicity and gentleness ; if ' their countrymen generally were of the same dispositions, what might they not expect as the reward of their labours ? But if such were their hopes, they were soon bitterly disappointed. 'When they arrived at the station where the forty Spaniards had been left, they found the fort entirely demolished ; and the tattered garments and broken weapons which lay scattered about in the neigbourhood, too plainly shewed what had been the unhappy fate of the garrison. The natives too did not come forward to greet them as friends, but fled from them as enemies. At last one of the principal Jinhabitants came and told* them what had happened, and how this sad change had been brought about. After the departure of Columbus, the soldiers who had 1 been left behind did not even pretend to obey the officer whom he had set over them, at least only a few remained steadfast in their obedience ; the rest behaved just as theygpleased, and by degrees began to rob and plunder, and use vio lence towards the natives with the most brutal licentiousness. The consequences soon followed jhat might naturally have been expected ; and thus/through the sin of man, this fair field for Christian hope and the exercise of Christian zeal was struck with a deadly blight almost as soon as ii was discovered. I need not go on with every particular of this history as minutely as I have begun it ; telling ; you how one island was discovered after another ? and then the mainland of America, first one part of it and then another, and what happened to the natives in every place; all this would take us too long ; and besides 1 am afraid it would be only the same sad story told over and over again. I will j ust take the history of this one island of St. Domingo, as a specimen, which will give you a fair idea of what happened elsewhere also. - (To he continued.) 