NEW CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, BUltWOOD. Ok TuoP^ayf the foundation-stone of a now church was laid at Burwood. The ceremony was commenced by sing ing Dr, Wattle hymn, 'Com*1, l&t; us join our cheerful Eongs with engfls round «he ihroue,' &c.; Afterwards, a selection irom iho &&cr;*d Scripriues was read by tho Her, J. £. Vetch. Tho itev. William Siatyer offered up prayer, Tio resident minister, the Rev. G. Gr. Bowden, then made a statement resnectioer the f&rvices; hitherto carried on for several years in iho old building, and tbe necessity that existed tor enlarged accommodation. The laud, ho said, in part had beat kindly presented by Mr. Hilly the architect, and another portion li&d; been purchased. Mr. How den then read the following : — ' This document, with copies of (he Sydney duly news papers, is placed beneath tke foundation stone of the Congregational Church, Burwood. This church is erected to accommodate those who are worshipping in a building on the ParrainiLtUi Eoad, but which buiding is found to he neither sulhcienUy Inrge nor central in situation. The members of the church were first united in chureh fellow ship on March 17th, 1604. The number of members was then sine. At the present date it is thirty-five. The pre sent minister, the Kev. G. G. ilowden, is the first settled pastor over the church, and haa been connected with the congregation since January, ISO*. The foundation stone of the new building is laid by John Fairfax, Esq. Com mittee of management ^Messrs. I). Alder ton, Dryunu, A_ G&mn;, and Hocho ; secretory, Mr. John Bubb; trea surer, Jlr. John liow; trasteefi, ITecsra, J. It, Fairfax, A* Fuirf-'.x, J. liow, 1). Vernon, X\ H. Henderson, Cr. Butterfield ; architect, Afr. T. Rowe ; con-raotor, Mr. F. F» Lavers. Contract cost of building. £1318. This stone is lnid July 24th, 1SC6, in the reign of the beloved Sove reign of Great liriiain. Queen Victoria, his Excellency the Bight Honorable Sir John Young, Bart,, K.C.B., G C.JU.G., being Governor of New Sjuth Wales. God save the Queen 1 ' This document, with copies of /ho two daily papers, and a copy of ihe epec-chof bin.Exo-llc-ucy the Governor on opening the Parliament, a few hours before, wcro placed in a bolLle bird dej- oHited in a cavity of the stone. Mr. Howden then presented a silver trowel, with a suitably engraved inscrip tion, and a mallet made from a tree that grew on. the estate, to Mr. Fcirfax, and the latter vrilh tho help of the bichiiectund Contibutor, laid the foundation stone. BJr. Fairfax, then said ; We are hero to-day to lay tho foundation* stone of a place «f worship, and to assist in pro viding increa&t-d; accommodation fur ChrfctiuuB, many of whom assembled in this neighbourhood, in a mnall chape!, when there was no other sanctuary in the district of Bar wcod, end who now are grown so numerous as to require enlarged *paoe. We ore here to promote the sproud and the permanent influence of Christianity, and to add another to tho means of graoe which the Divino command and the Divino promise nave connected with tho hope of glory. I shall not disclaim a warm and affectionate prediction for those principles which I inherited from my ancestor*, and ' which are distinctive of the Congregational denomination. ' But I have learned to feel that the groat object of a Christian should be to promote the inflticnoe and exposition of those fundamental principles which are commonly held by all Christian peoplo, who believe the words of our Lord Josua Christ, and cho rith theui more than forms, porty relations, ordcnoiuinationui peculiarities. ' That they may know Tnee, the only true God, atid Jesus Chriet whom Thou ha»t sent/1 The advantages to be derived from the sacred associations of tho houBe of prayer are known and fult by many now present. Without lowering temporal enjoyments or family ties, we have learned to sot a liigh value upon the union of heart, cf voice, ond ef vffort in the torvica of God and men, which is inspired by the dootrinos taught and tho uinotiouR iirdled in the house of prayer* flow otten has Iho teaching of the fnnctuary cheered, like the sun's light, or tbo dow drops of the morning, when our souls htive beeu gloosiy and sorrowful with the triala of the world, or wc ery wiih itp w&tcbisgs; nnd toils ! How ofton have we Mi that thote vndeartd to u* by natuial ties havo risen to loftier ie)ftU-Dpbip Ly leing partakers with us of religious j« - ►, and becoming u hciis to^thtr of the grace of life 1 ' Uow often have ve undeififooa the niyRterhs of Providence li,- li^teiiir/g to tho upOMiion of the myr-teiies of the Otii j-tl, laid thf hfcmrh'.'i'f ihe Old and New Testaments J £iov rflcn ve huve fell that ihe sanctuary of God on earth iH Omi point which nn)1-s the euithly and tbeheavoaly, and enables us io kc that the connexion established by l)ivine grucc below Ib inrliKmJuble. immortal ! 41 Ono family, 'we dwell In nim : One Cburcb, above, beneath : Thuuph now divided by the stream, 'ihe narrow stream of death.' If is nay firm hope end conviction that the dootrinos to be taught in the cburch here to be erected, and the wcrsbip of God to be tchbrated, will be ia har mony with the Sacred Scriptures, as understood and interpreted by all Evangelical Christians — not in the nariow *ente which would make men offenders fur a word— nor in the bitter sense that weuld exclude from Christian charity those who differ from our etlvea— lut liimly, honeMly, and without evasion. We are potting through times of prreat trial. Human curiosity ptnfctmtcs cvtry domain with more sharpuesa than earnest rdUctioH— too often with a forgetfulness of the limits of the human nndmtun^ing, and in ignoranco that the novelties of the piet-tni day aie but the cast-off raiment of byeone ages. Wo believe that the Bible is the true depository of Christian doctrine — that Christianity is a revelation from God~-and that God is in Christ reconciling the w oild unto himself, — and that tbe Christian ministry is a ministry of recenciliatii-n. It is to carry ont the*e doctrines and truths that we propose to erect this place of worship; and in doing t-o oiler our earnest supplications that all who wait in tbe sanctuary, and who call upon the name of the Lord Jetus Christ here, may ever be conscious of Hih prepence to bear end to bleea them. We congratulate ourfiiendK redding in and around Bur wood who are more pBtticulorly interested, in the courage they have displayed, 1 hiy propose to erect a building not devoid of architectural taste, end sufficiently capacious to admit of future growth. 1 he population in thia favourite suburb is likely greatly to increase, ana the jplanB anticipate and provide for future additions. By doing only so muoh at firct, our friends cscspe (he pressure of an insupportable debt, and the discouragements that frequently attend such buioens. Ism euro, however, their reasonable expectation tf sympathy and help will bo folly met ; and at no distant time, we who meet to-day to lay the foundation stone will be celled together to rejoice in the liquidation of the expose which is now to be incurred. The ministry of our -itar friend, the Hcv. Mr. Howden, is, we aro happy t-? knew, very acceptable to tho people amongst whom he lubnurs. and i trutl that hi* sorvioes both as a pastor and tcachrr YiU be gic-atly blt^Kdof God, and entitle him to be LUiut'trftri among th-»se who have performed the work end shall have the reward cf a good minister of Jesus Chjibt, 1 lay this foundation stone for a Church to be used for ChriMiau vorthip by the denomination known as CixgnguliomJibts or Independents, in the name of The Father, -in*1 the ♦'?on. and the Holy Ghost. £nothri hymn having been sun^tb^ Rev. Mr, Sondbr L&KD;, the Tejjicstntative cf the London Missionary Society, ddivoacJ an Utqiunt addrtfson the duties and rcspiusibi Jitiep oi Christian* to extend the knowledge of the Gospel, snd exprc-*ed bis kearjy fympatby in and congratulations cn the proceedings of the day. I ht Kc-v. Mr. HvMrnniES concluded tho business by again imploring the Diviue Lle?.'iug, and the Hev. Mr. Howden pn-ncu^red the Becedietiuu. 1 he ehi-rch will be situp.icd a i^hort distanco from the Rni)ur-y Station. I he plan it-; an oblong in shape, oO feet bj S3 ft ft 6 inches, entered from two purches iu the front, and a lei-^e ^ c-Fuy (22 fcrt by 13 f-?ot) for tke minister iu the rf-ar. 1 he ariar.gt-nimt of the sittings ia adapted for nearly £'00 «?uJ«e, and conti-t^»-f three rows of pews divided by rvo ^de oi^Vs ono transverse one. The style is Gothic. The entrance end will present two porches, with moulded jwmbfc, coloured vouisiioiis, a'.d labels on corbels carved, the uLole crownfd with moulded c«-])ing on kneeiers, mouldtd with trefoils above. The effect of the church, from the Hailway Station especially, and from ether parts, will be very picturepque. The material of the walls is to be reddish tis li.ch courses, pitch faced, backe-1 up with rubble. Mr, Lavers, builder, of Sydney, has contracted to execute the w hole for £1348. 