The Petty Miseries of Life in Sydney. By an interesting victim of unmerited persecution!) What is life? Bare existence — nothing more — at least it would be hare existence, hut that vulgar prejudice and social absurdity, never known in the " good old days of Adam and Eve," compel you — I mean myself — that is everybody — to seek the assistance of some con fiding: tailor, who announces his coats to he lower than ever, and the rest of his garments "corresponding, and no reduction on the marked figures." I don't believe in life myself — never did — never shall. Life is a tissue of annoyances, and virtue the only thing worth knocking down to the highest bidder. What are we here for? or there for? or any where else for ? Especially in New South Wales ? Very good, then. Eight you are, and I don't care who's another. Gentle reader, or simple reader — whichever you please, my pretty little dear — you pays your money (that is, if you are an honorable subscriber or a spirited "money down" patron of periodical literature) or you takes your choice, and don't do anything of the sort. There you are wrong — I mean — in short, the man who lifts his hand against a woman, is unworthy the name of a Chinaman, and his sheet anchor his wife, and if he were one of the first lords of the Admiralty I'd say the same, as they say in Black-eyed William, or any other naughty gal drama of the same name, only different. To go back to our muttons. Gentle or simple reader, what is the world to me ? Nothing. What are its " gay and festive scenes — its halls, its halls of dazzling light ?" still more nothinger. Take a back seat, world. Totus mundus agit histronem, which means that the theatre is open every Monday night. After a careful perusal of the foregoing portion of this article, I have arrived at an insane impression that the gifted individual who has the remotest iota of the ghost of a particle of an idea of what particular bearing my remarks have upon the question at issue, knows a great deal more than I do on the subject ; I therefore leave him grovelling in the dust — I may say fog — of his own shallow obtuseness, and my own deep impenetrability, and come at once to night cabs. Night cabs are a nuisance, a delusion, and a snare in all respects. To the pecunious they offer temptations to keep out of their mind's eye that beautiful and rococo, albeit snobbish proverb, " Early to bed and early to rise, Makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise." I go to bed early — in the morning — I rise early — in the afternoon. I believe I am not particularly healthy ; I am sure I am not wealthy, and it is perfectly obvious to the meanest capacity that I am very far from wise. But what do these cabs offer to the impecunious midnight wayfarer— to the virtuous pedestrian hastening home to dulce domam et placens uxor, after the temporary seductions of a lecture by Buchanan — thanjwhich,yhat canbe worse? Theyofferhim thechoiceof eitherflying for his life, or being run over. I can assure you, Mr. Punch, that I am firmly convinced that night cabs were originally started in the interests of Malthus, for the purpose of checking the growth of popu lation, and nobly do they endeavour to perform their work. Not con tent with their own prescribed road, they follow their unfortunate victim on to the side walk, dodge him into corners, pursue him to his humble doorstep, and almost go upstairs to bed with him ; and then, how suddenly they present themselves to the terrified gaze of the homeward-bound wanderer, and how as mysteriously do they disappear in a blinding cloud of dust, or a perfect deluge of mud, according to the state of the weather. Nobody is ever seen to go into one of these mysterious vehicles, nobody is ever seen to get out of one, though de moniac shrieks of laughter and loud cries of determination not to go home, at any rate till morning, if at all, frequently issue from their gloomy recesses, making night hideous, and proving that they must have tenants, though of what description it makes one's hair stand on end to imagine. Their drivers are remarkable for two peculiarities — they always drive on the wrong side of the road, and are always in dignant with the man who just succeeds by a " hair's breadth 'scape" in not being run over, asking him in accents the reverse of courteous, " Now then, spooney, vere are you a drivin' to." That beautiful semi circular road from St. Mary's Cathedral to "William -street, Woolloo- mooloo, is a favorite racing ground for these eccentric vehicles — here they wheel about and turn about, and do just so, and run into each other, and the man who succeeds in steering his way among them, without imminent danger of coming to grief every second, is worthy of a first-class certificate from the Pilot Board. Omnibuses are an unfailing source of annoyance to me — living out of town, and a superabundant supply of hard and soft corns, compel me in spite of my better nature to have recourse to them, but I am con vinced that they will in course of time consign me to a premature grave — I am now only fair, fat, and fifty- five. The agonies I endure in my daily rides to and from Paddington, canbe much better imagined than described — dashing along one minute at high pressure express speed, and the next crawling along at such a snail's pace, that I have often thought it would be a great saving of time, if the passengers would put the horses inside, and their own shoulders to the wheels, and thus propel the 'bus to its destination. Last week, I think, on a moderate calculation, on one particular occasion when I was the only tenant of one of these abominable vehicles, we must have stopped at least 35 times between George-street and the South-head Eoad, each stoppage occupying three or four minutes of my valuable time, and when I ventured to remonstrate with the shirt-sleeved driver, and asked him if the 'bus was going on, he blew a very strong cloud of very thick smoke of very bad tobacco from a very dirty pipe, into my face, and asked me if I couldn't " see it wan't." The interior of the omnibus is another annoyance to me — that peculiar combined smell of damp straw and varnish which seems inseparable from a vehicle of this class — those horribly hard and atrociously low seats which compel a fellow to assume the most unpicturesque attitudes in order to find room for his legs, and makes him wish ho could leave them outside, and lastly, though not leastly, the frightful punishment he receives on those " poor legs" by every other passenger tumbling over them — are in themselves quite sufficient to convert a passage in an omnibus into a more horrible torture than any to be found in any passage of Dante's Inferno, to say nothing of crinolines, fat old women, infant cherubs who continually do cry, facetious inebriates, fleas, and jolting enough to shake the strongest constitution from its capitol to its fundament into hopeless smithereens. If a man wants to arrive at the summum malum of antipodean existence, let him invest sixpence for a " substi tute" omnibus on a very wet day — if he does not get enough, aye and more than enough, for his money, all I can say is he must indeed be in a high state of civilisation. I have already told you, I am by nature fair and fat, but is it fair of nature to make my fatness a source of pleasure to myriads, while I derive nothing from it, but immense and intense discomfort ? Why should my epidermis at early dawn be made an outward visible sign of inward spiritual satisfaction enjoyed, entirely at my expense, by a tribe of bloodsuckers ? What are the police about — they are the guardians of the night, but in this peaceful, virtuous, and generally- much-better-than-it-should-be city, their office is almost a sinecure — with the exception of an occasional scrimmage with a nocturnal disor- j derly, they enjoy to the fullest extent the dolce far nieute, combined with gorgeous uniform, and the luxury of an oilskin cape to protect them from the inclemency of the weather, and yet one of the greatest " social evils " of existence in Sydney is allowed to flourish under, nay I may even say, upon their very nose ! Why are they not compelled by Act of Parliament to catch mosquitoes ? By devoting themselves to this : praiseworthy employment, they would be relieved from the painful j monotony of their lonely " night thoughts " — their being would have an aim, and a pretty smart one let me tell you, if they were anything like experts — their noble sportsman-like proclivities would have just as much room for development, with less personal inconvienence, as if they were hunting the bounding bushranger, or the flying kangaroo — and they would earn not only the thanks of the now sleepless sleepy- headed community, but a possible prospective niche in the Temple of Fame, if that would be of any use to them a hundred years hence. What I endure from mosquitoes nobo'dy would believe, because nobody could believe— I am in propria persona a perpetual pic-nic for them — a monster supper room — a huge platform on which they dance wild fandangoes to music composed by themselves expressly for the occasion, and which, between ourselves, is " all a hum " — I try my best to get rid of them, but all in vain — all night long my cubiculum resounds with sounds resembling applause caused by violent collisions between my hands and body in the excitement of the chase, though I never succeeding in bringing down my bird — I mean insect, — to such an extent has this " clapping" arangement been occasionaly carried, that my landlady who is of a theatrical turn of mind, once knocked at my door, and asked me if my trumpeter was dead that I went on a hancoring myself like that. The mosquitoes in my dormitory, I am sure, wear jack boots and spurs, or crinolines heavily steeled — I hear them, I feel them, occaisonally taste them, but neither see them, smell them, nor catch them. There is one ferocious ingrate who has fattened on my bounty and the tip of my proboscis for years, and brought up a large family of grand-children on the same imposing site, who never leaves me through the stilly hours, and defies me to stop his little vampire game — I had him in my mouth once, and fondly hoped I " had " him altogether. Tana spes ! He must have found his way out through my ears, for the next night he was on the same old spot as large as life and twice as natural. Do not imagine for one moment that I have tamely submitted to the ravages of these persecutors with out making any effort to free myself from their too pressing attentions — on the contrary my fertile brain has suggested many admirable remedies, any one of which would have immortalised me if they had not all, without one excep+ion, signally failed. I will not weary you, Mr. Punch, with a detailed account of the various " dodges " adopted by me, except as regards the last and most glorious of all. You 'must know that I always have a rampart in the shape of mosquito curtains round my slumbering form, except when I turn them down through reading in bed, an accident which does not, however, happen more than once a month — not the reading in bed, but the burning down. Despite of these precautions I was still as much tortured as ever, till one night I was seized with a brilliant idea — that brilliant idea was to seize a jack-towel and attack " the intrenchant air' ' teeming as it was with bloodsucking myriads. In an incredibly short space of time there was not a single (nor a married) mosquito left for me to attack, — they had taken sanctuary in the bedstead ; to hive them was the work of a moment — I simply let down the curtains and they were caged. "Wasn't that a splendid idea ? Rather ! With a loud " ha ! ha !'' of triumph, I laid myself full length on a camp stool, and prepared for a refreshing sleep, in happy unconsciousness that in the aforesaid curtains there was a hole "not so deep as a well, nor so wide as a church door," but quite " enough" to let the monsters out by. Furious at the trick that had been played — but why should I recall the horrors of that night ? suf fice it to say, the next morning my best friends did not know me, and a gentleman of the Hebrew profession, with a thick stick, a low- crowned- broad-brimmed hat, and a small but suspicious looking piece of paper in his fist, actually failed to identify me, though I know I was the object of his search. I felt so ashamed of the change in my per sonal appearance, that I actually shrunk from making myself known to him — " bad taste" perhaps you will say, but mine is a very sensi tive nature. Since then, I have abandoned all hope of getting rid of my tormentors by my own unaided exertions, and I trust, Mr. Punch, you will advocate the expediency of employing the police in the man ner I have suggested, and their speedy enrolment as a corps of Blue Mosquitoers. Shakspeare says, "Music hath charms to soothe the savage beast," but I am not a savage beast, and do not want soothing, and the Ger man Band is my bete noire. While I write, its blatant notes are falling on my ear. What is that I hear — " Come where my love lies dreaming!"' — Monster, away, I shall do nothing of the sort; I wish the whole brazen fraternity had but one neck, that I might give it a long twist, a strong twist, and a twist altogether. How I should enjoy my breakfast afterwards ! I hate briekfielders, abominate street cries, and detest colonial wine and poetry — but of all the annoyances and ills that flesh is heir to, commend me, for the quintessence of everything that is most unplea sant, to those endured by a "contributor" with a bad pen, worse paper, very little ink, nothing to write about, and "the devil" perpetually crying out for " copy !" 