LITERATURE. BROKEN CLOUDS ! AN ORIGINAL AUSTRALIAN TALE. BY F. S. WILSON. Author of "Woonoona," " Aunt Milly's Christmas Box," " Shot in the Heart," etc. NOTHING was to be seen but fog. Resting in confused heaps among the bays-floating like a sluggish cloud over the glare and clamour of the city--creep- ing in distorted shapes about the streets and lanes-winding below the abrupt rise of the Flagstaff Hill-and crawling stealthily up the quarried cliffs, to fling themselves recklessly into the dizzy space and flutter into the dark gulph beneath. Save for the distant hum of the human tide, ebbing and flowing in the lower streets and those in the heart of the city, the region of the Ob- servatory was dull and silent: and the deserted grassy hill-top, might havé formed a fitting promenade for any whose thoughts and feelings were in unison with the gloom of the night and the surrounding scenery; and, if their re- flections tended towards the degrada- tion and misery of mankind, they could not have had a more suitable field to disport themselves in, than the neigh- bouring locality of 'the rocks.' During the last twenty or thirty years perhaps no part of Sydney has been less subject to change and improvement than that straggling irregular conglomeration of vice-haunted dwel- lings known by the above appellation. Forming, as it did in years past, the starting point of the city -lane after lane, street after street, and the great main-road leading to the then so- called * Interior,' spread themselves from it, and it was long ago left far behind in the race of civilization.. It was in this locality that the ancient- if thirty or forty years ago can be styled an ancient time-gaol stood, whose grim battlements witnessed the death-struggles of many a convict desperado : but now, not a vestige of the building remains, and even the name of one of its approaches, . Gallows Hill,' is fast falling into disuse. At that time the huge barren promontory, with abrupt sides delved and quarried by convict labour, received the name which it still retains, 'the Rocks : ' and many a nest of scampish villainy was perched in its clefts-many an eyrie, where human birds of prey hatched their dark plots, looked down on the growing city. Certainly, in the present day, two or three streets bear evidence of reclamation ; but they are few and far between, compared with the numerous lanes and alleys, whose wretched inhabitants are as vile and contaminated as the streams of filth sluggishly crawling along the disjointed kennels. In one of the most beggarly of these altogether beggarly tenements-a low- looking evil-browed house-an evil company were gathered. Such an evil company, that could the quiet star-beams have pierced the slimy moss green shingles on which they played, they would have startled franticly forth again, and fled through the silver-like mist without. A low-ceiled room it was, too, with dirty walls, over which the damp had stained wild and fantastic patterns, and which were further ornamented with rude effigies drawn in chalk and charcoal, of men with round dropsical bodies and straight attenu- ated legs-some with two lath-like limbs, stuck into a pair of top-boots, and supporting a bullet head, while the body was altogether ignored. Under these aspiring attempts at illustra- tive art, their designers had written stray batches of useful and entertaining information : as to how this was 'Pat Crownin a stickin' hup the Bathirst Male,' and that was the execution of Tom Donohoe, or, as the the artist briefly and facetiously ex- pressed it, 'Tom Donohoe settled.' In addition to this array of distorted figures, the room was tenanted by four persons, who seemed to occupy the dwelling as a port of Joint Stock Company. One, an old woman with altogether bleared features and a mouth as shapeless as the handle of a tin pannikin, bent over the fire in the occupation of cooking sau- sages, crooning a wierd song, while ever and anon the ends of her long untidy hair straggled hungrily into the pan. Two men sat at a table, studiously dividing their attention between a pack of thumb-stained cards (so dirty that their pips were hardly discernible) and a bottle of rum, whose strong sickening odour was engaged in deadly strife with the smell of the hissing sausages, as to which should gain the mastery ; while, away in the corner, sat a girl, crouched on the floor with her chin resting on her knees, looking vacantly at the opposite wall, as if her thoughts were fixed on something infinitely higher, or immea- surably lower, than either sausages or rum. At a safe distance from the two men lay a dog of the mastif breed, whose bristly coat was slabbed with blood and dirt, andc who was labouring under some canine nightmare, or else a lively dread of coming punishment, for every now and again he blinked his red eyes, moaned fitfully, and gave a malicious snap at some imaginary enemy. His nature seemed compounded of a faithful attachment to the girl, and a thorough detestation of his master Bill Brady ; and he rejoiced in the cognomen of 'Snapper.' The old woman, with a shrill curse at the smoke for coming down the chimney instead of going out to face the night, turned round from her cooking to wipe the corners of her bleared eye with her dirty apron, and, addressing the girl in growling accents said: " Come, Nelly, bustle about, and clear thim two vagabones from the table, whin the grub is all but ready a waitin' to be ate, and a jintleman to visit us to the fore. Shure, where's your manners, Darby ? and yourself, too, Bill, to be dhraggin' the eatables out afore a sthranger ; an' theré there not enough for us all at that ? Come, shtir yourself, girl, an' don't lave it al on my shoulders." The girl, whose features still retained an expression of womanly-grace, though blurred and disfigured by more than one half-healed cut or blow, threw back the long black hair from her face, and sullenly proceeded to clear the table as desired & remarking that the old woman "was never quit of grumbling." "Grumble! curse yez both, for a couple of lazy do-nothing hounds ; I'll give yez both something to growl at in earnest, yez stand there much longer givin' lip to one another, instead of gettin' the grub ready," threatened the man whom the old lady had addressed as *Bill,' and whose left eye was almost lost in a circle of blue, as if his face was a country letter with a two- penny postage stamp stuck in the corner. "There's meself and Darby, here, hungry as wild cats," he continued, " and you two powtherin' away without caring a tinker's cuss whether thim sausengers is ready or not. I tell yez I won't stand it, come, now." His companion, a burly, beetle-browed rascal, who revelled in the patronymic of Darby McShane, alias Red Darby, philosi- phically remarked that it was no use jawing at a woman, hang all ; "if they don't do as they're told, knock 'em down and jump on 'em;.that's my way, hang it, and a good way, too," and with this piece of conjugal advice, Darby placed the bottle to his lips, and tossing his head back, transferred to his inside all that was left of the rum ; then, shoving the bottle into his pocket, said he would go and get it filled again, and be back in a very short space of time, which he figuratively termed a cat's wink.' After his departure the preparations for supper were rapidly proceeded with. Bill lit a pipe and threw himself on a sofa, whose battens stuck through the apology for a mattress like the bars of a gridiron ; while, from under it, the old woman drew forth a scanty display of crockery ware and a loaf of bread. From the same primitive 'cupboard ' she produced some old cutlery, over which she cogitated as to the best division of two knives and a fork among four people, finally placing a knife each for Bill and their amiable visitor Darby, and appropriating for her own use the fork, which she stuck vengefully into the sausages, until they hissed and spluttered their opinion of such cruel treatment. When they had been emptied into a dish and refreshed with a shower of boiling fat poured on them from the pan, Darby re- turned with the replenished bottle, and the old woman gave the company a general invitation to draw up, "and pitch into the tucker." The meal proceeded rapidly, every one's object seemingly being to 'effect a speedy clearance ' (as the drapers say) of the contents of the dish ; and it was only when the last dividend of sausages had been declared, that eating gave place to conver- sation. "The cove's to be down to-night, to tip over the shiners for last week's job," observed Darby, "which'll set me right for a time, either to floor the coppers in Sydney, or to take a tower (as the French calls it) into the country." "Where you'll be goin' widout payin' no more respect to your ould pals than if they'd never done nuthing for yer," growlingly commented Bill, "Sydney's gettin' mighty hot for uz, I can tell yer, Darby McShane. Since we cracked the jewellers' crib, the perlice have bin hangin' about like a parcel av crows, but I ain't goin' to give thim a chance to pick my bones, I'll swear. You must lend us enough, mate, to pay thravellin' expinsis to Goulburn, where I intend to set up business as Inspecthor in Gineral of people's pockets." "And not a bad game, neither," commented Darby, slapping the table enthusiastically. "In town, here, the peelers is getting too officious, a cove can't walk a sheet from a clothes-line (to prevent people going to bed in it until it is thoroughly dry) or take home a pair of trousers from a draper's door (for the pur- pose of tryin' 'em on to see whether they'll fit or not) without having his motives misconstructed, which I considers a un- warrantable liberty, and a hinter ference with the freedom of the subjick, which is clearly agin' all law." Mr. Brady entirely concurred in the remarks of his friend ; and Darby, having inserted the end of the last sausage into his mouth, slowly let it down his throat, as if swallowing a long pill, and corking it down with a pull at the rum bottle, con- tinued : "Now, if I knocks a cove down and bones his 'ticker,' or if I gets into what the haristocrats calls a domysile, thereby meaning a house, then the cove has a right to grab me hisself, if he can: but what does the perlice want to hinterfere ? (which isn't nuthing to nobody) that's what licks me. Hang it all, let every man stir his own broth, that's what I say." Bill, having anathematized the whole constabulary force, remarked that that was what he thought, too, and made blight- ing allusions to his eyes and limbs, in order to give due weight to his opinion. "Now, that 'ere road dodge of your'n, Bill, isn't a bad dodge, by no manner o' means," continued Darby, looking with one eye on the pictorial subject on the wall explanatory of 'sticking up,' and it's worth considering, 'cause why, its genteel and respect- able ; and if there's one thing more nor another as I prides myself on, it's being respectable. Hang it all," proceeded Mr McShane, reflectively, still clinging to the subject, "a cove with- out respectability, is without nuthing. You've heerd on the new rush, I suppose !' "No. Where ? " responded his companion. "I seldom gets a look at the papers now, 'cept it's a peep at the board outside of the 'Herald ' office ; and I gev' that up, since I twigged a de- tective a watchin' oh me there one day. Lor ! didn't it give a cove a start." The old woman, who had hitherto listened to the dialogue with drowsy attention, here gave expression to her feelings by a sepulchral chuckle, and the words Leave you alone, Bill, for making yourself scarce when you caught sight on him." "You shet up, cuss ye," growled the object of her remark. "But thim new diggins-where did you say they was, Darby?" "I didn't say nowheres," snarled Mr. McShane, in no pleasant humour at the old lady's interruption, "but I was goin' to say they're at a place called Kiandra, or Snowy River, away down about Maneroo. Now there'll be lots of fellows tramping it back'ards and for'ards ; and just to step in and help 'em carry their swags-curse me if I knows of a kinder or more payable action." The newly-formed company, applauded the chairman's pros- pectus, immensely : at which he continued : "1 know a snug little crib in the Jingera Mountains (close handy to the Snowy Diggings) with no landlord to call for the rent or taxes, where the women can hang out, when we're away on business, the old 'un can mind the place and look arter the board and lodging when we're at home, and the young 'un can keep her company, or go here and there to get information -baiting our hooks, so that we can fish in comfort." Bill, in an ecstacy of delight, vowed it was a "rosy little game," and struck hands over the table with Darby, the women seemed quite agreeable, and all was going in that particularly 'merry ' manner generally compared to a 'marriage bell,' when a tap was heard at the outer door, and a man stumbled in, knocking his hat put of shape against the low portal. He wore that portion of his attire slouched over his eyes, and drew the cape of a large overcoat high about his neck and face, so that only an inch or two of space remained between his hat and collar. He nodded to Darby, and looked suspiciously at the rest of the room's inmates, as if he objected to their presence, which look Mr. McShane perceiving, remarked with a growling laugh that 'it was fair and square," that his friends could be 'silent as stones, and blind as bats, when their tongues or eyes wasn't wanted. Besides, they all 'pigged' in one place, and he couldn't put 'em out of the room, 'cause why, he hadn't another room to put 'em in ; another thing, the place belonged to Bill, and curse him if he had the cheek to turn a cove out of his own-house." Compelled into a sort of forced satisfaction, the visitor drew forth a dirty canvas bag, and from its capacious mouth extracted a roll of equally dirty notes, which he handed to Darby with a request that the latter would count them. 'All right, noble employer," said that worthy, having laboured through the pile by wetting his fingers and 'thumbing " them over, a lengthy process, in which he 'lost his count' three several times, and consequently had to begin again. 'A job well done, deserves good pay," sententiously remarked the new-comer. 'I am satisfied with the work, and I suppose you are with the reward ? Of course that amount seals your lips for ever." " Tight as sealing-wax. All right, guv'nor, you don't want a receipt, I know? 'cause putting pen to paper gets a man into a wáriety of scrapes (as the cove said, when he was transported for writing his master's name 'stead of his own) therefore I never learned to do it; but, mark me, the first fellow as blabs of your affairs through me, gets a receipt in the shape of half a hounce of lead through his skull. I can't say fairer nor that, can I? " As Mr. McShane made this a sort of general appeal to all present, Bill and the old woman corroborated the assertion the one with an oath, as a sort of affidavit, and the other with a hideous approving chuckle; but the girl, tossing her dishevelled hair from her forehead, and resting her chin on her hands, closely scrutinised the stranger. "All I've got to add," continued Darby, as he buried the notes in the bag and buried the bag in his trousers-pocket, "is this : you've stumped up like a brick, and when you've got another job of the same natur' in hand, may it be done as neatly and paid for as well. I can't ask you to take a snack, 'cause the tucker's done; but if you're not too, proud to drain a cove's health in rum, there's some of the right sort in that 'ere bottle. I say, Meg, look alive, trundle out a cup or a pannikin, or something smaller nor a bucket. Hang it all, the gent can't be exposed to drink out of the bottle, it might go for to spoil the shape of his mouth." But while the old dame was grumbling out a sort of apology for her lack of glassware, the 'gent ' disproved Red Darby's assertion by making the bottle's mouth fit his own, and taking such' a long pull, such a strong pull, and such a pull alto- gether,' that Bill growlingly took charge of the remainder, for fear that the next attack should be worse than the first. " Of course this ends our connection as employer and man," observed the stranger. " Until I am wanted again," interposed Darby, with a grin. " A man puts a humberella away when the sun shines out, but he knows where to find it again if the storms corné back, eh, sir." "Oh, decidedly," answered the other, " but you must allow the recollection of that night's work to fade from your memory, and mustn't on any account encourage it to rest there, mind? you must look upon everything connected with that night as a dream, with the exception ot what I have paid you, that may be regarded as a reality." " All right, master," responded Darby, slapping his trouser leg, to make sure that the 'reality' was quite safe and sound, and that it hadn't associated itself with the other incidents required to fade away. "Trust Darby McShane for keeping a close lip," he added, "eh, Bill?"'. " Well, for tightness or close-grainedness, I should say as how ironbark was a fool to him," asserted that individual, looking at his friend admiringly, " I've knowed him for five year, come next Tuesday week, and I never knowed him to break his word, never, whether it was for fun or for murder," and Bill, feeling that some reward was due for this evidence in his companion's favour, finished what was left of the rum and rolled the bottle under the table. A few more remarks terminated the interview, and Red Darby escorted his visitor to the door ; taking the bag of notes out of his pocket for fear of having the latter 'picked.' The weather had perceptibly changed, arid thick masses of scud kept up a heavy driving progress under the faintly-shining stars, like the long heavy roll of ocean breakers, while a few contrary gusts of wind, which seemed quite undecided as to what they ought to do, did nothing but bounce suddenly round corners and rattle the old shingles on the roof-tops. "Who is that girl?" asked the visitor, in an undertone, as he stepped out on to the rough footway, " She stared at me like the very devil. She doesn't know anything of why I visited ' you, and what I paid you the money for, eh?," " Lor bless you, guv'nor, no," replied Mr. McShane, answer- ing the last question first. ''She belongs to Bill, inside there ; and I'm often sorry he don't take more care on his property; he would, if she was only a old hat or a pipe. I wouldn't like to say a word to Bill," he added, shaking his head mysteriously, " about her starin', 'cause why, if I did he'd fell her like a bullock. My nerves isn't quite so weak as a kitten's, but, bless you, I'm milk with a slight dash of honey, compared to Bill : pity he warn't bred to be a slaughterman, for if he warn't born to be one I'm jiggered." With this figurative expression, the gentle Darby bade his visitor "Goodnight" and "take care on hisself," and, having had the light blown out by the wind, he fell over the dog, Snapper, who was cooling himself at the doorway ; and con- tinuing his tumble over a chair, thereby barking his chins, Darby re- entered the room cursing and swearing. " What the Duce are you about, Darby ? " shouted Bill, "stumping about the gangway like a cat on hot bricks. You go about as if you was a ghost as couldn't find his way back to his lodgings, or a peeler as didn't know his beat." "Bring out a glim, and be cussed to it. I've dropped the pile o' notes as the cove guv' me-lost it some'eres in the pas- sage," answered Darby, with a most sanguinary allusion to Snapper and the offending chair, over which he had stumbled. To bring a light out, and to enlist the services of Mother Meg and Bill's wife in the search, was a matter easily accom- plished ; but, on coming to the outer door, they found, instead of the missing bag, the short squat figure of a little hard-featured man. He saluted the men by name, as if he had been an acquain- tance of long standing, and then passed the compliment to the ladies, with the intimation that if their actual health corres- ponded with their looks it must be first- rate, for he had never seen them better. "And now, Darby, dear, for fear the ladies should catch cold out here in the draught, we'll go inside and comfortably talk over the little business which I've come about." But in answer to this sociable and satisfactory proposal, Darby gave the new- comer unqualified permission to visit a very dark personage and his very dark place of abode, but as for him (Mr. McShane) he wasn't goin' in nohow until he found his bundle of paper money. "Banknotes, is it, you've been searching for?" exclaimed the new arrival, " there, come' inside, Darby, and save yourself further trouble, for what's found can't be lost, you know ; and it's well for you they fell into honest hands." " What, Mr. Keen, you don't mean to say as how you kicked your foot agen' 'em in the dark? " asked Darby, with a ferocious grin, which he intended for a concilatory smile. " Well, I never, you are a sharp un, you are. All as you don't know wouldn't be wuth a cove's learin,' I'll swear. Yes, we'll go into the other room, as you've found the flimsies for me, you'r not a bad sort, anyhow." "No, I am not," returned the detective, " especially if you stroke my feathers the right way," and with this gentle hint" that he must not be ruffled, he followed the party into the inner room. " Now. in order to make everything fair and square, right and tight, perfectly ship-shape, we'll range you on a form, so. First comes the old lady, for, of course, age and sex must be considered-second comes Darby-next, Mrs. Brady ; and last, though not least, her affectionate husband. Then comes the table between us, so, to prevent inconvenient crowding, then I take a chair here, places the notes before me, so-announces the subject for discussion as to whether Darby McShane will find it to his advantage, or not, to give willingly arid faithfully all the information Detective Keen requires-and now I open the debate in the affirmative." As the detective mentioned these several arrangements, he suited the action to the word, so that each person found his or her position as the sentence ended : he having ushered them into their respective places with as much coolness as if he was the attendant at some fashionable concert-hall, and each of the company had secured ' reserved seats, numbered.' AU this formality ill suited the hasty temperament of Re Darby, who requested his visitor to ''Stop his foolin';" accom- panying the desire with a fearful curse, as if each of his remark were subject to a duty stamp, which he supplied in the shape of an oath. " Wait a bit, now," remonstrated Mr. Keen. " Why, what a man you are, upsetting a discussion before it's hardly begun Now, in the first place, I want you to tell me all about a certain young fellow named Claston, when you last saw him, and where he hangs out at present, so that I may lay hands on him without delay ; and, in return for your doing so, I will present you with this bag. Bless'd if I don't think that's too generous, though, for I don't know how much it contains, and you seen precious anxious about it." " Here, stow that, I say," howled Darby, as he saw the detec- tive handling the bag, as if in admiration of its plumpness. " That 'ere's my property, and I means to have it without any more-foolin.'," and with this determination Mr. McShane got on his feet, and advanced to the officer ; but his progres was stopped by that individual suddenly presenting a revolver, on whose barrel the light glittered coldly and ominously. " Sit down, Darby McShane," said the detective, sternly, as the bully quailed and trembled before him, " you see I never travel alone. The first man-or woman, either, for that matter -who steps a yard forward brings an ounce of lead with him the next step he takes. Your own sense ought to tell you that it's no use your trying to run counter to me, Darby ; so tell me what I want to know, and take your bag and my blessing ; but if you don't do it in ten minutes,'' added Mr. Keen, looking at his watch' " I'm off, bag and all." There was a short pause, and then the officer asked the ques- tion slowly and deliberately: " Where did you go with Mr. Claston, that stormy hight, a week ago ?" "Come, now, what's the use of chaffing," whined Darby ; " I never seed no Mr. Claston, did I, Bill ? last week nor any other time." In answer to this appeal, Mr. Brady replied that he'd be blowed if he knowed, leastways he didn't know no Mr. Claston. "Just try if you can carry your memory back as far as last week, Darby," suggested his tormentor, " and be quick about it, too, for I haven't many minutes to stay." "How can I remember what never happened?" grumbled the burglar. ". What's the use of a cove's money to him, if you won't give it to him unless he jackets hisself?" " I give you my word of honour that I don't want to use any information you give against yourself-at all events, at present If I want you I shall know where to find you very soon; but as you don't seem alive to your own interests, why," I can't waste time here all night." And Mr. Keen took up the bag, and tossed it up and down from one hand to the other, until Darby's eyes glittered and his mouth watered with desire to regain his lost treasure. He howled his ignorance as to who Mr. Claston was; he swore and protested, he flattered and coaxed, and prayed for the restoration of his money ; in fact, he did almost everything that was done by the members of the alphabet to get the apple pie, in the old nursery legend ; but all was of no avail, and the detective having waited the ten minutes, shoved the bag into a sort of port- hole in his coat, and proceeded to button it up prior to taking his departure. " Well, what a man you are, to be sure ! . It's no more use for a man to try and get over you than it is for him to try and fly,' said Darby, with a diabolical grin. "Nelly, my dear, jest go over and get that paper as Mr. Claston gev' me, as to where I was to meet him when this-little game smoothed over-it's in the póck'et pf my big coat, agen' the wall yonder. Lor! Mr Keen, however did you come for to go for to find out as how I was mixed up in it, eh ?" But the detective was too experienced not to see through this ruse, so, levelling his revolver at Nelly, he bade her stay when she was, and, with his eye intent on the whole group, he paced slowly backwards to the corner indicated. A small and unlooked-for incident, however, completely turned the tables on the wary officer : the dog, Snapper dreading the vengeance of Darby for having capsized him, was lying near that identical corner ; and, as Mr. Keen, in his re- trograde movement, trod on the animal's tail, it sprang up and threw him off his balance, at the same time seizing him by the calf of the leg. " Pin him, Snapper ! Pin him, old man !" was the delightful cry of Darby, as he rushed at the prostrate detective, who snapped his pistol at the advancing burglar ; but the weapon was struck upwards, and discharged itself harmlessly through the plaster ceiling. At the same moment the stout buxom arm of Nelly clasped Mr. Keen's throat in an embrace too tight to be pleasant, and the men hurled themselves upon him with such violence that his fair detainer was overturned with him and rolled with him and the crushed Snapper to the other end of the room. Giving the officer a tremendous blow on the head, to quiet him for the time, McShane proceeded to extract his bag of notes from the pocket of the insensible man ; and also drew out, from the same repository, a pair of handcuffs, which he fastened, with a clicking sound, on the detective's wrists. These preliminaries having been accomplished, the four com- panions in crime drew round the table and held a hasty council as to future plans. One and all finally agreed to leave the house at once. "I should like to drop this fellow down the Cut," growled Darby,' as he kicked the still motionless body of Keen, and de- sired him, with an oath, to " get up." Going to the back of the room, he opened a narrow slit of casement, through which the breeze from the harbour came freshly, and the faint light of the rising moon could be seen playing merrily at hide and seek among the bays. "There ! Do you hear that ?" he questioned of the detective whose wits were beginning to shake themselves together. " Do you hear that ?" There was a dull sound of dropping water. Drip, drip, drip with à harsh monotonous gurgle, meeting the ground some fifty or sixty feet below. "That's Argyle-street," explained Darby. "Now this win- dow hangs over the Cut, and I should jest like to know what to prevent me and Bill chucking you out of it; why, nothin at all. You'd drop into the road below ; people wouldn't know no more where you comed from than if you fell out of the cloud and I'll swear you wouldn't be able to tell 'em. But we're merciful, is me and Bill, and we believes there ain't no use in murder, when there ain't nuthink to be got by it. Now I think the debate is, whether it wouldn't have bin a good deal more pleasanter for Mr. Detective Keen not to have meddled with other people's business to-night ? to be opened in the 'firmath by me, eh ? While these remarks were being addressed to the unfortunate police-officer, the old woman and Bill's wife had made bundles of the articles they did not wish to leave behind, and Mr. McShane having emptied the notes into his own pocket stuffed the bag into his victim's mouth, to act as a gag ; and furthermore having bestowed a parting kick in the ribs. ; Darby said,- " to take his wind and purvent mistakes," the four confederates stole forth, and left the house in the sole possession of the unfortunate detective. 