GENERAL INTELLIGENCE. INTERESTING DIScOVERY --On Tuesday iorning (says the5. .1I. Herald) as the workmen employed by the Corporation were engaged iii. making a deep and continuous line of excavation for the purpose of laying down -aiains in George-street, an interesting discovery was made in-the riddle of the street, nearly opposite the altar window of. the temporary Cathedral Church of St Andrew, and at least six yards outside of the eastern wall of the Old Burial Ground. At a depth of about eight feet from the 4,resent level of the roadway, two coffins were found in each of Which there was a skeleton, still entire, the remains, doubtless, of some old inhabitants who had been interred in the common burial grosdnd'~if the Settlement, anterior, in all;,probability, to :the: present alignment of the streets by order of 'Gover nor Macquarie, upwards of forty years ago. The coffins were undecayed, but the lids had fallen in, and ao inscription could be made out. These relics of " old times ". over which the, ceaseless waves -of colonial'life have so long been rollingwere 'at"first viewed with undissembled curiosity by the specta tors, but a better feeling soon caused the workmen to cover over the poor remnants of what was once such as we, until-the -bones of ' these forgotten ci devant colonists could be again buried in some other more suitable spot. This !incident made a deep im pression on many of the spectators, who -could :scarcely realise the fact that even in this commnunity there are some things already beyond the reach of the 'faint voices of oral tradition..-The same paper of the following day, adds :-Since the paragraph appeared in this journal announcing the discovery' of two .coffins, with their remains of mouldering humanity, 'in-the centre of the roadway, in George street, the matter has been much talked of amongst the old residents .of the city. By some of these it has been suggested that the remains are those of two criminals who were executed for some heinous offence, and who were buried at the foot of ,the gal lows:tree on -which they egpiated their crimes with theirblife. : This suggestion is borne' out by the fact that, near the spot.where the discovery was made, stood at one.time a solitary tree, which, in the earlier days of the colony When this part' of George-street was considered as out:of ,towr.,served the purpose of \--the more complicated gallows that was afterwards introduced with advancing civilisation. There, are .many of the old colonists .who-remember this " gal :lows tree," and the immense root that.was' dug out fronimclose proximity to the -coffins was, .no doubt, -the -remains of this natural gibbet.' 'Then -the cof fins being found one on the to= of ;the other, and immediately below the root, would seem still further to support this view of 'the case. - A 'STARTLING CAPTrIRE.-An incident of a-semi comic, -semi-horrible character, occurred in-'-New Pitt-street last night, at' a little before eleven o'clock. JIt: appears that some mischievous -person-- hlad, in passing, broken some windows at the. Surveyor General's -office. The vigilant person in charge .jumpedout of bed, and pursued the delinquent in his night dress. When near the cab-stand in New IPitt'-street, he overtook, as he thought, the offender, and seized'hiniTfrom behind.-- The captured indivi dual: proved to be the public executioner, whose consternation may'beimagined when he found him self. in'the 'clutches :of-.this-ghastly figure.. .With the assistance of the cabmen, -matual explanations followed,: and no doubt the pursuer and the pursued were equally' glad to get rid of each other.--Empire. SERGEANT SOULLY, who -has -been a member of the :Yass police for:nearly three -years, vwas suspended 'from dirty on TuesBaylast. We believeithe sergeant 'has since resigned. ` No doubt'the cause'of his sus pension, was the manner'in which he anted, as re gards the assault cases of Scully'v. Miller, snd -M il ler v. Scully, the account of .which'appeared 'in our .issue of' the.20th instant.- eass Courier. NARROW ESCAPE.—Mr William Myles had a very narrow escape from being shot, on Thursday evening last. It appears that Mr C. J. Woodman, of the Salutation Inn, was practising with his gun, in the yard at the rear of his house. Mr Myles' garden joins this yard. He was stooping down to water some flowers, which were close to the fence which divides the garden from Mr Woodman's yard, at the moment the gun was discharged, and part of the charge coming through the palings, lodged in Mr Myles' arm, close to the shoulder. The shot penetrated to the bone. Dr Campbell cut out the shot. It was very careless on Mr Woodman's part to go practising with a gun in the very centre of the town. We believe this is not the first time that Mr Woodman has done so, and, in fact, his conduct was reported to Sergeant Scully; but that active officer said that a man could do as he liked on his own premises. Mr Scully has since found, to his cost, that a man could not do as he liked even on his own premises, and we hope that Mr Woodman will, in future, be prevented from endangering the lives of his neighbours for his own amusement. If he wanted to practise with his gun he might do so somewhere outside the town, where there would be no danger of his shooting any one. —Yass Courier. A surgical dperation of ' very delicate description was performed on a lady named Miss Wolfe,, a few days ago, at the Royal Hotel, South Brisbanei',by Dr Emmelhainz and.Dr Berinei. The operatron was cutting away a cancer which had formed -idder the left breast. '.The patient was put under the in fluence of chloroform, and so effective was it, that after undergoing a most severe operation, she awoke unconsciousof what had taken place. We under stand that the tumor, when taken 'oUt, weighed ninie Spounds. The patient is now rapidly recovering, and we congratulate the medical gentlemen who un dertook the responsibility of performing the opeiration, upon the success which has been the result o t?el skill exhibited by them. A gentleman who arrived in Talbot last Wedties-? day evening has informed the Talbot Leader that, a few days since, when crossing .Mr Stewart's:.run,ý near Mount Jeffcott, he came across a mob of 4000 *dead sheep, a large portion of them lying in a wa-' terhole, and the 'rest being s'cattered'abbut the 'plain killed by want of water. . K+A'crding to the statement of one of the shepherds, it appeared that 'the sheep had been driven for several 'miles to obtaihi water, and that the major portion of them. were so thirsty when they-arrived in the vicinity of the waterhole, that they rushed helter-skelter, towards the hole, tumbling one over the other in their eagerness to get water,'and finally completely filling up the hole with their carcases. - Quite a stampede in fact occurred amongst them', and the efforts of the shepherds and dogs. were powerless to check the mnad haste with which. they rushed headlong to destruction. 'Filled I with their carcases, the water was quite unfit for consumption, and the balanca of the flock being tho roughly. exhausted by their journey and want of water, could not be driven further; they accordingly laid down where they were and died. Three thou sand pounds would scarcely 'cover' the loss' accruing to the own'er by this mishnp. •'RA'E or OARRTIAG ON To?E So~OnanntR RAD.. Messrs George Fox and Co. notify the following' as the rate of carriage by horse teams from Sydney 6n the Southern Road;? - oulburn, £5 per ton; Yass, £8 to £10; Gundagais, £13 to £14; Young, £1l to £12; ;Adelong, £14 to £16 1)s. Few carriers can be induced;to go beyond Yass in consequence of having to carr their feed from town. Largeiquan tities of hay and corn are being dispatche4-for the interior by drays. ? < The exploring party sent out -by the Leichhardt Search Committee appears to have completely broken up, so far as any actual organisation is cencerned, and this is a circumstance scarcely to be wondered at, considering the auspices under which the party was fitted out. Dr Mueller was the ruling power of the concern, and be will nsew have an- opportunity of seeing the results of what cannot be characterised other than imsmanagement. The party suffered the greatest privations from the effects, of thirst, having beenninetyhbours withor.t water. One of theparty has already arrived iii town, and_ Dr Murray, the' second in command, is expected to return almost immediately. The following from Dr Murray has been received by"Dr James. It is dated from Wal luhmbilla, 4th January.' It says :-" You are as ti0inshed, you are thindersturck, nd diiibti a tere. ceiving a letter from one whom you conceived' to be at the Gulf. Yet strange things' have 'oceirre'd, and when I tell you that I. am returning to MelbUrne in the `course o a few weeks` state a positive- fact. You would naturallyy v'lsh ifor, an explanation, and I shall attempt to give you:one'in a few words, for the, fact is I find it difficult 'to', vrite a letter just now, not having had any, practice for. the last six. months,. You must know,' then, that things went on gloms riously until we. left the Bulloo and made, towards' Cooper's Creek. For some time fortuiie smiled upon us, even here, and we'found'a good and safe road for many a mile along a -creek to the westward of -the Bulloo,' called Labrine' Creek. But Cooper's Creek had to be reached and followed up,, otherwise we were at a-'stand-still. So one fine morning we started from a waterhole, some :95 miles from the creek (as it afterwards proved to be), and struck 'out boldly across the desert. Alas! the consequences of this well nigh proved destruction to our party, for a after undergoing a great deal of fatigue, we reached Cooper's Creek' one morning at two o'clock, ex hausted and weary. Thus.judge of our horror and surprise to find no water. M'Intyre made a?? faiht . effort to examine the creek, but returned iin' i hlio6ir or so, and gave the orders' to fall back' on" the last water. We did so, and more dead than, alive your humble servant :reached the Bullock- Waterhole, where, by good fortune, we 'had' found a little"'(a small pdddle) on the way out. 'You ivill uniderstaind this better by referring to they very rough; mp. There, at least, we expected a drink; but no, all the water had dried up. Good heavens'! what a scene followed. We were all more or less delirious, but I: think T was one of the worst so. We tried, to un pack the poor-horses'that crowded into the holei and sucked the damp mud. Failed through excessive' weakness. Received a kick from oxie,of the horses which nearly gave me my quietus.,- Started. with 'one or two others in the morning-.on- horseback for our last camp. Left behiud ;them on. the road,' una-'. 'ble to proceed further. Met a blackboy, one whoo saved my life, by keeping me in his mia-mia all day from the hot sun. 'Started in the evening, and met the camel drover returning, with water. He and Mr M'Tntyre had gone on before."us'the ddy' before, so my life was saved by the infinite `mercy, of God. All-the Victorian portion of the -party resolved to proceed -no further. Three 'have returned with' me, and one more'is still With M'Intyre (at his' argent. request)' unil he' gets another hiand." The men of the party, he states, :were obliged to resort' toi the most horrible expedients to quench 'their burniig thirst. Tommy Clarke, the bushranger, was met near Araluen, last Friday. ' He looks very careworn and.: dejected. - He repudiates being concerned in the re cent store and mail robberies. He indignantly pro tests against being hounded down by the police. He would give himself up if he thought he could get an unbiassed jury; and asserts that he sees the police nearly every day, and makes no effort to back out of their way.' He was not armed, but well mounted. . Th'e' ifelbourne Herald says it is' c~irrentl repor ted'Sir Joln Young has received orders to hold him self iniireadiness, to relieve Sir Charles Darling, "A little child, 18 monitlis old, s`n of'Mr D. Bell, J.P., of Nimitybelle, has beeh scalded to ;deith' in a dish of scalding ,vater leit-on the,kitchen floor.. -A shepherd girl: named Lynch, aged 16, has been :burnt to death on Dry Plain,:: .Monaro,--- her: clothes having caught fire while she lay as!eep -by ' fire in '-th bush. ' CATHOLIC.-The Right Rev. Drs. Murray and Quinn, the newly-appointed Catholic Bishops of Maitland and Bathurst, were consecrated on the 14th November, by his Grace the Archbishop of Dublin, in the pro-Cathedral, Marlborough-street, Dublin. The Catholic Telegraph contains a full ac count of the consecration, from which we extract as follows: -" The Papal bulls authorising the conse cration of the Most Rev Dr. Murray, for the newly created See of Maitland, and the Most Rev. Dr. Quinn for the new See of Bathurst, having been read, and prelates elect came forward, and were examined by the Archbishop, and having in all things expressed their submission to the church, and declaring that they would discharge the duties devolved upon them as bishops, and after making a full confession of faith, they were conducted to their alter or chapel, where they were divested of their capes : sandals were placed upon their feet, and they were invested with pectoral crosses, stoles tunics, dalmatics, chaucibles, and maniples. They then proceeded to the alter of their chapel, at which the mass proceeded with that at the high alter up to the Epistle and Tract, when the Arohbishop called on the congrega tion to pray for the prelates elect, who prostrated themselves as the Litany of the Saints was being chaunted, and at the conclusion the Archbishop gave his blessing to the postulants. The books of the Gospels, open were laid on the shoulders of the pre lates to be consecrated, his Grace the Archbishop and the assistant prelates placed their hands on the heads of the elect, and they all said "Receive ye the Holy Ghost." The heads of the Bishop of Maitland and Bathurst were bound with linen, and the Arch bishop having intoned the first verse of the sublime hymn, " Veni Creator Spiritus," it was taken up by the choir, which consisted of the students of Holy Cross Colleges led by the Rev N. Donnelly, the Rev T. O'Reilly, and the Rev Professor Verdon, and was given, as well as the rest of the sacred music, with much taste an devotional feeling Nothing could be more solemn and impressive than the cere monial while the grand hymn was being sung.. Every part of the hallowed ancient rites was full of mean ing and Christian symbolism, and brought before all the grandeur and beauty of the ritual of the church. The Archbishop having blessed the episcopal rings anointed the heads of the new bishops." Soon after the consecration, both the bishops left for Rome. They are to leave Europe for Australia early in February, says the Goulburn Argus, and may be ex pected in Sydney at the begining of May. Dr Quinn is bringing with him, for the Bathurst diocese, six Sisters of Mercy from the convent at Charleville, Cork. Whilst alluding to the Catholic intelligence received by the mail, we may state that it is, we understand, definitely arranged that the Goulburn diocese will include the Braidwood and Monaro dis ctricts, the south-eastern boundary will be much the same as those of the Church of England diocese of Goulburn. 