CONSECRATION OF TUB BISHOPS .OU1 BA.TUURST AND MAITLAND. 'Oli Tuesday the most Hcv. Dr. Murray, and tbe 'most Rev. Dr. Quinn were consecrated respectively Uisliops of Maitland and Bat burst, Australia, by his Graoe, ,tho Archbishop of Dublin, in tho pro-Cathedral,' Marl boroug street. Within the memory of men still living tbero wore only a few Gatiioiio mis sions on the great Australian continent, nearly equal in siz'1. to Europe. Tbe progress of tbo Australian colonies became greater and greater every day, .and a prodigious impulse, was given to it by tho discovery of the gold-fields nnd the high price of labour. At an early period some missionary priests Bettled down amidst tho Catholio populations and established missions', which grew so rapidly that frequent and urgent demands had to bo raado to this coun try for priests to supply tho spiritual necessi ties of an cvor-incrcaiiing people. Places that had not been known a few years before became tho centres of what aro now great cities, and where humble priests preached the Gospel in tho wilderness to their scattered flocks the Church is now ruled by prelates, who preside over a faithful, zealous, and devoted clurpy ; and whero tho rude wooden shanty stood, in, which tho solemn rites of tho old faith were celebrated, tho cross-hearing spires of the stately cathedral arise and speuk of the great work which has been achieyed,vand tho great victory for God which has been won. Thosi whom the love of gain induced to leave Ire land for Australia woro fow when contrasted with thoso who emigrated there foseok a homt and independence in their old age, and a place where the rights of their labour would be res pected and protected. From seaports at this and at tho other side of the Channel vessels crowded with emigrants sailed evory d.iy for the different settlements in Australia, and the constant flow of tho great human Lido into tin. now country wa3 the cause of the establishment of young settlements, destined in n short tim-- (o grow into great importance and become the sees of bishops. Amongst these are Maitland und Bathurst, peopled by tho emigrants from Sydney, from which both places lie at nearly cquai distances in opposite directions. From tliL'so and sis other districts application? were made to the 1'ropoganda for prelates, an 3, in accordance with these applications, the most Rev. Dr. Murray was nominated Bishop of Maitland, and the Most llev. Dr. Quinn (bro ther to the Bishop of Brisbane) waa named Bishop of Bathurst, and tho bulls, for their consecration ware received some days since by his Grace tho Archbishop of Dublin, who fixed Tuesday last, the feast of St. L'iwreneo O'Toole, and palhon of tho diocese, fur their consecration. Tho time arranged for tho com mencement of tho ceremonies wns ton o'clock, but long before that hour had arrived every part of Iho pro-cathedral not set af art for the prelates and clergy was densely crowded by a congregation not only anxious to witness one of the most solemn and imposing cermouials of tho ritual, but also to pay every mark of res pect and reverence to the two good priests who had been felccted for the very high honor which was conferred on them by tho lineal suc cessor o? him whoso foatival it was. Within the sanctuary of the Gospel side a tempirary altar was erected for the bishops elect, and the high altar was decorated as on grcut festivals. Shortly after ten o'clock, a procession having been formed in tho side ohapel of St. Kevin, it entered the church in the following order: — First came tho Btudeu'ss of lloly Cross Col lege, headed by cross' bearers, acolytes, and thurifer, then the students of All Hallows Col lege, followed by the cler/»y aod dignitaries; then the bishop elect of Bathnrsi ; the Most Rev Dr. Whclan, Bishop of Bombay, senior assistant prclato ; the Rev. Dr. Conroy, chap lain ; the bishop elect of Maitland ; the Moot Rev. Dr. Murphy, Biahop of Hobar'town, uuior assistant prelate; chaplain, tbe Itev. Dr. Bccchinor ; the Most Rev. Dr. Nulty, Joidjutor, Bishop of Month ; tbo Most Rev. Dr. (Jordan, Coadjutor, Bishop of Down and Jonnor ; the Most Rev. Dr. Gillooly, b'ishop )F K'.phin; his Grucn, tho Archbishop of Dublin, attended by the Very Rov. Mtmsignor Fordo, V..G-., aud the Very llov.'Monrignor Woodlock, Ruclor Catholic University, assis tant pritsts; and tho llev. Dr. M'Swiggin, master of ceremonies. Tho cliaplairs of the prelates were llev. Dr. Doyle, CO., Athy ; tho llev. Dr. Doyle, C. 0.,- Loixlip; and tho Rev. Mr. O'Donohoe. Among those present wi re : The Rev. Canon M'Cabo, V.G. ; Tory Rur. the Doan of Dublin ; the Very Rov. Dr. Rus sell, President of Maynooth; tho Venerable Archdeauou M'Dermott, the Very Rov. Dr. Uooncy, the Very Rov. Canon Reduiood, the Very llev Canon Quinn, the Very Rev. Caooa Popo, tho Very Ruv. Canon lloache, tho Very Rev. Canon Lee, the Very Rov. Canon Ken nedy, the Very Rev. Canon Costigao, the Very llev. Canon Power, tho Very llev. Omon Smithwioh, the ? Very liov. Cauon ?Lynch, the Very llev. Canon M'Muhon, tho Very llev. Canon Farrcll, the Very Rev. Cauon Kcougb, tho Very llev. Canon Byrne, tbo Rovcrends Miles M'Mnnus, P. P. ; P. Roonu\\\ P.P ; C. Courke, P.P.; Mr. Cole man, P.P. ; Mr. Dohcrty, PP.; Mr. Kava tiagh, President of C'irlow College; Mr. Dunne, P.P., Kihlare ; Professor Couroy, All Mallows ; P. Nolan, N. O'tfarrcll, T. O'Reilly, W. Murpby, P. O'Noil, J. Smith, J. Loahy, R.'O'Counell, P P. ; Mr. Mullally, P.P. ; Mr. Barlow, P.P.; W. ' Irwin, N. Donnelly, S. Doran, A. M'Garry, Michael Brady, J. Daniel, C. Nolan, the Very Rev. Father White, O.P. ; IV 0. Dwyer, P.P. ; J. O'tlaulou. His Graoe the Archbishop having been in vested with his full canonical* within the sauo tuary, and tho prelates elect having been robed in tho vestments of priests celebrant, over which thoy wore splendid capos of cloth fiold, richly embroidered, and h'i3 Grace ihe Archbishop having taken liia seat in front of tbe altar, the bishops eleut wcro conducted by the assistant prelates to tho cant rri' of the sanctuary, when tho sonior nssisUut prelate Baid— ' iMost Reverend Father, Our Holy Mother tho Church demands you to promotv thoRo priests to tho heavy offico of bishop.' When tho consecrating prclato said — ' Have you tho ApOstolio mandates ?' which .being answered in tho uffirmativo, they wero ordered to bo read. The Papal bulls authorising the consecration of tho Most Rev. Dr. Mur ray fm Mm nnwlv orrntpri Snn nf MttHlaml. and Most Rev. Dr. Quinn for the now See of Bmhurot, having been read, tho prelates elect came for ward and wcro examined by the Archbishop and having in all thiDga expressed their auD mission to tho Church, and deelaiinp that they would discharge tho duties devolving upon thorn as bishops, and after making a full con fession nf their faith, they wero conducted to their altar or chapel, where they wore divested of their cope, sandals placed on their feet, and they were invested with pectoral crosses, stoics, tunics, dalmatics, chauciblcs, and mani pels. They then proceeded to the altar of their ohapel, at which the mass was proceeded with that at tho high nltar up to the Epistle and Tract, when the Archbishop called on the con gregation to pray for the prelates elect, wbo prostrated themselves as tho Litany of the Siiiots was being chanted. At the conclusion of the Litany the Arohbishop gave his bloasiisg to the postulants. The book of the Gospels open were laid on the shoulders of tho prelates to be consecrated, his Graco tho Achbishop and the assistant, prelates placed their hands on the heads of the elect, and they all said ' Receive yo the Holy Ghost.' The heads of tbe Bishops of Maitland and Bathurst were then bound with linen, and tho Archbishop bavin/; intoned the first verse of tho sublime hymn, ' Veni Creator Spiritus,' it was taken' up by tho choir, which consisted of the students of Holy Cross College, led by tho Rev, N. Donnelly, the Rev. T. O'llilny, and the llev. Professor Vornoo, and was given, as well as tho rest of the saurod music, with much devo tional feeling, Nothiug could be more solemn and itnpres5ivo than the cerrnonial while tlio grand hymn was being suug. Every part of the hallowed and ancient rifes was full of meaning and Christian symbolism, and before all the grandeur aod beauty of the ritual of the Church. The Archbishop having blessed the episcopal rings, anointed tho heads of the now bishops. At the conclusion of the first Gospel, flic Very Rev. Canon M'Cabe, V.G , ascended the ?pulpit, and delivered a most eloquent and im pressive disoourso, taking the following passage for his text :— ' fie shall judge tho poor of the people, and He shall save tho children of. the poor. Ho shall continue with the sun, and_ before the raooo, and throughout all genera tions, lie will come down like rain upon the fleece, and like showers gently falling on the earth. In his days, ju.-iticc shall spring up and abundance of peace. Ho shall rule from sea to sea, and from tho boginning to the ends of the earth.' At the termination of the sermon tho Mass proceeded, and, at the conclusion of tho Pre face, the l82tid psalm, 'Exquatn,' was sung by tho choir, during tbe performance of which the hands ot the recently consecrated bishops wore bound with white lrjen, and at the ter miuation of the anthem they wore anointed. Crozsers wers then placed ia their left hands nnd the rings on their fingers in accordance with ritual ceremonial. The books of the Gos pels, which bad bc3n laid open on the necks and shoulders of the new bishops (to signify their submission to tho word of God) woro then handed to them by the Archbishop, who said, ' Go forth and preach the Gospel to all God's creatures.' The new p'o'.ates ptoeacded to their chapel, aod the Mass wib continued at the high aud side altars up lo tho OfFertory, when the new bishops joined the Arohbishop at the high altar, where missals were placed for them. After the consecration of tho sacred elements, the Bishops of Maitland aud Bath iirst partook of tho samu communion with the Archbishop, The mitres having becu blessed by tho prelate cc'eb:ant, he placed them on the heads of tho new prelates, who gave .him and the assistant bishops the kiss of peace, aud then proceeded through the church, and gave their blessing to tbe vast kneeling congrega tion. Having been conducted to the throne prepared for them, after the post communion, they pronounced the episcopal benediction, and with To Deum concluded the ceremonies ' the day, which promoted two good and holy priests to the prelacy of a remote region, into which they will carry, not tho trophies of humau conquests, but that etoroal emblem of the old faith by which alono ahull man con quer. — Catholio Tclograph, Nov. 18. 