RIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. NO SURRENDER.- To the Editor o f the Tasmaidan Morning Herald. D rar Mb E dixob,—I am a philanthropist in the strictest sense of the word, and pain felt by others is painfully reflected ia my own person I am but a visitor in this delightful is’and. I admire the noble riv^r Derwent. I enjoy the beautiful climate. la m aware of the excellence of the soil, and I fully appreciate the penial kindness of the people, who ought, under so many natural blessings, to be tlie happiest people on the face of the world. nd yet it is apparent to me that all are not s happy as they ought to be. True it » that ome wisely pursue, “ the even tenor of their ay follow out tlieir business occupa ions, nd are happy in their vof-atinns, in their friends, and in tlieir families ; but it is qual-y clear that amongst the good people ol this city, some are liaumed by unimngi liable ghosts of tlieir own creating. One man thinks the existence of is rHce depends on the transfer of all landed property to tli? em te; in the ah -liiion «»f conveyance of lend in fee simple, and the system of public hind being leased.. only, and by- euch means becoming the sole source of, public revenue. A nother. man entertains., the idea of a road hading, .to th e. lop. of Mpunt Wellington, as a .s te p towards Heaven and an inducement to victors to leave for a time the hot regions of Q icensland. and coo! themselves on the “ mountain brow. Some are of opinion that “ nothing but gold can save the country'*—and forthwith proceed m the *• Iron Fot” in' search of 4he pre­ cious (netal. ‘1hese and the,like, are men who have the inrerest.of tlie country, at heart, and however much they are iu error, they »rc to be admired for U nit philanthropy. But I grieve to say there are amongst you, those who are actuated by aiiyihing but a phihm* thropic feeling—men who nim ouly at the attainment of their own 'selfish ends—men who would 8Hcrificethe whole colony fordhe profits to be obtained on tliB sale u f one ‘ r . jacket,” or “ one bundle of cigars**-. ■So completely do these men’s avaricious desires overcome th e ir. natural instincts, that fear appears to have taken complete possession ot them—so much so, that.only yesterdity, whilst that noble frigate,the Cura$oa, was practising her men by firing at targets far out m the river, a tobaccouist a-liu keeps a small shop a t the 4,No Surrender” corner, with half aikeg of tobacco in ir, and a single bbx of cigars, barricaded his windows with shutters of peal half an Inch thick, and painted on hw shop-board these words, u No Surrender. Well, that was undaunted, aupposiog. the Curayoa bad intended to shell this- tobaccomst outj or j,er marines and .small arai ^ t0 take his ” box” and. “ kfig* VM* esr; hut then they might have been misled, ongeK Peg-Leg jJKing’s intimation of the ale,.?); Bs>--a plailard to thls_ effect being i^Un^ but io „the tobuctonist's window, in tht (^loWib^ words'--,(<Fish Sold here.” :<ly s h ” toay have Wen ^old there for ought s know, but the legitim ate occupation of lb e shopkeeper in question, is the sale of his tobacco; and instead of barricading bis nindows, and writing up mertningh es words about ** not ........................* * ide roeaos “ no simitars a t the and be equally civil and attentive to bis business, I have not any doubt lie might do a fair amount of business, jtpd fit $U events ^yoid making himself 'ridiculous, and being -the laugliiog stock of all T our obedient servants, -The Yibitobs to T asmania.. ount WeDinston, \- M&rclr28th.; 4866. 