THEATRICAL CHIT CHAT. OLD STORY. 'Tis strange to think how female wit So oft should make a lucky hit. While man, with all his high pretence To deeper judgment, sounder sense, Should err, and measures false pursue: 'Tis very strange, I own—but true. OLD STORY The principal event of the week at the Vic- toria Theatre—for we have such a place of amusement in Brisbane—occurred on Tuesday evening: the occasion being the benefit of Miss Louise Arnot, a lady high in favor with Brisbane playgoers, as the sequel proved. The pieces selected were that standard favor- ite "The Rough Diamond," and another labor- ing under the somewhat dubious misnomer, "Ire- land as it is." A more appropiate title would be "Ireland as it was," because the plot of the drama describes a condition of things that happily has become but a tradition of the past; or, if a parallel case is yet to be met with, it can only be a very isolated instance. The events, however, from which this play derives its interest, have had their source in stern reality; nor is the period so very far back, when that bête noire to Ireland, "absenteeism " on the part of the lords of the soil, afforded to grasping and unprincipled "middle men," too ready facilities for exercising a power as cruel as it was despotic. The re- lentless tyranny that characterised some of the evictions of the peasantry from their homes at the most inclement seasons of the years 1844 -46-47, proved the merciless nature of the class of persons termed "black agents" whose names have become a by-word and a reproach, as indi- cating men ready to sacrifice every principle of honor and humanity to their eager grasping for personal gain. It has been said by Shakes- peare, "One touch of nature makes the whole world kin," and, if a play be found that draws its interest from elements known and felt to be natural, it will rarely be found deficient of power to "chasten and subdue." In "Ireland at it is" the grouping of the dramatis personæ is very characteristic. The O'Carolan family, the principal victims of a knavish steward's rapacity—the steward himself with the appro- priately tender name of Stone ; his hanger-on, a sharper named Slang, are very well classified. With these the sterner portions of the play transpire; but with Judy O'Trot, a warm- hearted impulsive daughter of the soil, and Ragged Pat, a "devil-me-care broth of a boy," the lighter and more cheering influences of the piece abide; and to them, and the appearance of the absentee landlord on the scene, may be ascribed tho satisfactory dénouement of the drama. It was a great pleasure to see the theatre largely attended—proof of the high opinion the public entertain of the talents of the fair actress. The piece of the evening contained many absurdities, yet was most credibly wrought through; the redeeming features being the amus- ing parts of Judy O'Trot and Ragged Pat, which were respectively played by Miss Arnot and Miss Kate Warde; both were excellent per- formances. Miss Kate Warde also sang, "Let Erin remember the days of old," and "Tim Finnigan's Wake," and was encored in each. The performances concluded with the clever farce of the "Bough Diamond." Between the pieces Miss Louise Arnot danced a Highland Fling, and so well did she execute it that the audience demanded a repetition. The "Follies of a Night" and "O'Calla- gan on his Last Legs" were the temptations held out on Monday night; the same bill as on Miss Arnot's benefit was offered and well sustained, to a rather quiet house, however, on Wednesday night. On Thursday evening, the performances con- sisted of a repetition of the programme selected for Miss Louise Aruot's benefit—"Ireland as it is," and "The Rough Diamond." The house was thinly attended, but the actors per- formed as they would have done had it been crowded. Yesterday evening Mr. F. Harlowe (Frank Younge) took his bene- fit, and, from the large number that attended, we should imagine that the result was satisfactory to this popular and deserving actor. The pieces played were "The Green Bushes, or a Hundred Years Ago," one of Buckstone's celebrated dramas, and the farce of "My Hus- band's Ghost," written by Madison Moreton. Miss Louise Arnot danced Silvaine's sparkling hornpipe with that grace and vivacity which characterises all her performances. 