THE ME KO erar. eav. ??----== 'ffltfOAY MOIUUNO. JULY li, UGd. .fPtiB very long lottor with au ugly title, and fia ugly signature, which we inserted in our porresjpondence columns ou Tuesday last, ffîeal)» our attention to tho railway question in Tasmtuu uudcr more than one of its aspects. Although tho writer of that letter Jhas inado much uw of " G-alt's Riilway ¿jßoforin," it Ls quite clear that ho has no dis- tinct appreheaùou of the object with which that book was written, and from tho groat length of his lettor, few, we think, aro likely to hare got so far IIB its last paragraph but ?one, iu which wo find a priuciple enunciated to which we evor had and still have the greatest objectiou. Ho first takes the as- sessed value of tua property iu Hobart Town aud Launceston, with that in the suburbs of those two towns, and nest tho acreage on " each side of au assumed lino of railway from tlio former to the latter, aud makes all these together the basis of a railway rate, .which he thinks would yield tho groBB annual sum of £29,000 odd, or within a few hundred pounds of the total intorest ou a railway loan of £503,009 at six per cent. interest. Now, next to facts, there is nothing so misleading as figures, when not dexterously , handled, and there is sufficient in the 1 figures produced ia this case to show , how little they are to bo relied upon. , First, another fire per cent, is to be placed on the assessed annual value of the proporfcy in Hobart Town and i its neighborhood to make up this amount. " Next, Launceston and its neighborhood, t which has already consented to a railway »te on its own account, is to be asked to * contribute at the like rate. And then all laúd along the assumed line in to be asked to contribute Is. au acro.if within a mile of the line, 9d. au aero, if not moro than two . miles from the Hue, and Gd. an acre, if throe ' or more miles from the line. This is simply preposterous. It only requires to be stated, "in order to socuro its rejection. No Iniaa in his souses would think of listening i'to such a proposition in that bald ' form. Nor do wo soo that it would admit of vWiy modification that would be at all likely to make it accoptablo. Its proposer, indeed, singularly enough admits, " that it would not be just to $oucb these properties, if it could be shown that the main line had in- creased the population, increased the general revonue,or increased the value of the public estate,"-" supposing it did not pay the whole of ita working expenses, as well as the interest of the loan." Then why propose it ? Why, but to play into the hands of the opponents of railways under any and every shape, whether intentional or otherwise ? So long as we have indubitable evidence in the history of all other countries that the introduction of railways lias uniformly led to an increase of population, of the general revenue, and of the value of the public estate, what moro do we want in the way of argument for their introduction here ? This is one of those cases to which the science of induction very properly applies. To its use here, there can be no objection. What has beeu must be under the like conditions. If railways have given other countries a start, and conferred lasting benefits on them, why should they not do the same for us ? And where else have we seen a railway rato proposed, when railways have been taken up as great national undertakings? Why then do it hero ? That is one objection to the proposed rate. But a still moro formidable one lies in the ac- knowledged injustice of the proposition, and that may be carried to much greater lengths than its proposer appears to see. If all from the very first would be equally bene- fited by railways,-the producing population, tho holders of fixed and moveable property, the general trading commuuity, and the government as the trustees of the public estate, whether in land or revenue, why should the mere holders of property in Hobart Town and Launceston, or within a certain radius of tho assumed line of railway, only be asked to contribute to the interest on the proposed loan ? Apart from the injustice of tho thing, that would be localising tho undertaking, instead of giving it a national aspect. Mr. G-AtT, from whose book the writer of tho letter now under consideration draws BO largely, nowhere takes any such view as this of the way iu which provision should be made for railways as great national under- takings. His simple object is to have all the railways of the United Kingdom placed in tho bauds of tho government, in accord- ance with provisious made for this purpose by Sir Robert Fcrjc and Mr. GIADSTOXE in their act of 1811, so that the passenger and goods traffic might "bo lowered, and the rail- ways themselves be made of more advantage to the public. Nor do wo Bee a singlo reasou why anything of the kind should bo proposed hore. Such a thing as a railway rate has never been dreamed of iu any of the other colonies. 8outh Australia has no railway rate. Neither has Victoria, nor yet Now South Wales. Even Queensland and New Zealand get on without anything of tho sort. Why then should wo think of cum- bering ourselves with it P Assuming the loan for railway purposes to bo £500,000, and the interest on it at G per cent, to be £30,000 a year, is that such a sum as ought so frighten anybody, eveu supposing the line to do no moro than pay working expenses? We know what tho state of tho general revenue now is. It is very nearly £30,000 short of the expenditure, and it will have to be brought up to that when parliament meets. But what greater difficulty would there be in raising au additional £60,000 a year, instead of an additional £30,000 only, if it could be shown that this was to bo laid out well ? It is the timidity with which wo approach this subject that has boen the occasion of all that is disappointing and disastrous. Wo make no headway, because wo go into it with to little spirit. Whilst we are dreaming about tilings of this kind, others are doiug thom. If over Tasmania wa3 ripe for action on the railway question, it is at this moment. Let us not have it oucumberedthen with any- thing that does not properly belong to it. A railway rate is an excresconce that has no proper connexion with a national railway movement. Let that bo lopped off thoa, and never bo permitted to appear in any shape or form iu connoxion with our discussions ou the subject. No countenance has ever been given to it in anythiug that lias ever appeared in these columns. It is for the public to indicate their wishes on this subject, and for tho government to find the moons for carrying them out. That is their business, and not ours. For what other purpose do a go. verument assume office ? Do they assume it for no other purpose than that of discharg- ing certain clerical duties, which could be better discharged by others, and which they are obliged to keep others to discharge ? That would be to degrade their office,-to place them below the heads of departments, whoso business it is to serve under them. It is thoirs to take command of the ship, and to seo that she is well found. At tho samo time, some regard must be paid to tho wishes of those on board, »hose interests are in some respects identical with their own, and in others superior to them. Their command is not au absolute ouo. They are liable to displacement at any moment, and they must bo displaced, if thoy . do not carry out the wishes of those, whose affairs they have ¿undertaken to manage in a proper way. It is a sheer absur- dity for any set of mea to think of being allowed to govern a country against its wishes long. Intrigue has bounds beyond which no community will ever allow it to be carried. Let the country speak out then through it representatives on the subject of railways whon parliament meets, and leave the government to provide the moans. That is what we mean, and ever have meaut, by the adoption of a general railway policy. Wo have never cared to encumber oursolves with petty details on this question. Let tho government be told that the time has arrived for the adoptiou of such a policy, aud if thoy are not prepared to carry it out in good faith, that we must look for those who will. The country domauds this, and will be put off no longer. GAS CO.NSUMEBS.-WE beg to remind gis con- sumers that to-morrow ia the last day for pay- ment of their accounts. [We should recommend them to pay to-day, as :n the hurry of business on Saturday it may be forgotten, and they will lose the discount allowed.] LETTER posted yesterday insufficiently stamped: The Rev. H. W, Adw», Campbell Town, PoticE COURT ROSTE«.-The Justices whose j names are on the roster for attendance at the Police Court to-day are I. Wright and H. Hopkins, Esqs. MECHANICS' INSTITOTB.-There waa a large audience at the Mechanics' Institute laat evening, when Mr. Janie« Allen delivered bia promised lecture on " Ghoat atories, viewed in their relation to modern spiritualism and to the higheat forma of spiritual existence." Ia the syllabus published yesterday is a very fair account of the lecture, which was intcreating in a more than ordiuary degree. Mr. Allen has displayed much perse- verance and care in the collection of a number of ghost stories of thrilling interest, and these be told last evening in a simple and pleasing manner, which met with the warmest de- monstrations of approval on the part of the audience. By the term " ghoat stories'"; as used above, we do not mean the ordinary class of non- sense which sometimes helps to fill up the small talk columns of country newspapers. Mr. Allen's selection of stories embraces only that class of mysterious sounds or supernatural appearances, which have been beard and witnessed by men of the present, or, at all events, of the laat century, and these, every one, men of the highest character and standing, and whose title to credence is indisputable. Ile referred also to modern spiritualism, somnambulism, magnetum and table-turning, and proceeded to justify the truth of spiritual manifestions upon the authority of the Scriptures themselves. He glanced at the various theories which have been put forward from time to time by speculative philosophers, and argued that to refuse to believe in ghost stories when supported on credible authority implied a disbelief in the existence of the Deity himself, inasmuch as our knowledge of that existence only rested upon similar testi- mony. The lecturer was listened to with marued attention, and was loudly applauded throughout. CASTING RETORTS FOB THE PTROLIONITE COM- PANY.-A number of gentlemen attended at Mr. Clark's fouiidary, Collins-street, at 1 p.m. yes- terday, to witness the casting of another of the large retorts required for the works of the Pyrolignite Acid Company. Among those pre- sent were the lion. Dr. Officer.M.H.A., His Wor- ship the Mayor, R. Whiteomb, Esq., Mr. Hooke, secretary of the company, Mr. Hedberg, and others, and also several ladies. It was originally arranged that the casting should take place at 10 o'clock, at which hour the hon. Colonial Treasurer, the Director of Public Works, the Ven. the Archdeacon, D. Lewis, Esq., M.H A., Mr. H. Cook, and a number of other influential gentlemen were in attendance, but as the metal was not then ready tbe casting waa postponed. The viadas opcrandi waa the s,nne as described by us on a former occasion. The drawing off of the molten iron from the fire blast was a process which excited considerable wonderment; the subsequent pouring of the mass into the casing was managed with the utmost dexterity, and it is believed that a very perfect casting has been ob- tained. ACCIDENT.-The streets of the city are in many places exceedingly slippery at preseat owing to the frost with which tile ground is powdered. Yesterday afternoon _ as a lady and gentleman were riding along Elizabeth-street, at a walking pace, when opposite the Rock Hotel, the lady's boree slipped and fell, (browing his fair rider under the feet of the animal ridden hy her husband. Fortunately no injury was sustained by the lady beyond a good fright. If we coutiune to have bard frosts as severe as they have been during the past few days, equestrians will have to adopt the English practice of roughing their horses' shoes. THE STATE OF THE ROADS.--The novel and very unusual state of the roads owing to the frost, for the last day or two, rendered it danger- ous for quadrupeds and bipeds. Yesterday a horse drawing a cart of Mr. Rogers, baker, of Macquarie-street, slipped and fell in Elizabeth- street, near Mr. Bridges, the basket maker's; a horse drawing one of Mr. Green the miller's drays, laden with flour, fell down at the rise of Langlow's IIill,and it was with diffi- culty the animal could be extricated from its perilous position. Two or three mishaps occurred to drays between Brisbane and Melville-streets during the day ; and a horse drawing one of Mr. Cooley's cara was only saved from a fall by the adroit management of the driver. It was deemed expedient by many drivers of horses to take the parallel streets, in order to avoid the slippery parts of Elizabeth- street. Sbould the frost continue, it would be a work of charity for the housekeepers, or the city autborities.to strew ashes or sawdust on the most frequented roads to prevent accidents. A CASE or BURNING.-Yesterday forenoon a man named Thomas Fielding was admitted to the General Hospital, suffering lrom severe burns in the back, sustained about ten days ago by his having fallen into the fire at Gard's public-bouse, Sorell, while in a state of intoxication. ' His wounds have been attended to, and he is in a fair way towards recovery. CORONER'S JUBIES.-Tradesmen and house- holders summoned to sit on coroner's juries seem to have a considerable dislike to the duty. Yes- terday no less than twelve jurors were summoned to attend an inquest, out of whom four only pre- sented themselves. The coroner did not exercise the power vested in him of lining the absentees, but he will have to do fo if the citizens treat the summonses with such contempt. INQUEST.-An inquest was held yesterday after- noon before A. B. Jones, Esq., district coroner, at the Exchange Hotel, Campbell-street,touching the death of the woman Mary Brown, the circum- stances of which, at the time thought to be aus- picious, were recorded in our issue of Monday last. A jury having been empanelled, pro- ceeded with the coroner and witnesses to the dead-house at the hospital, where they viewed the body. On returning to the hotel, the evidence of Drs. Stokell and Hall was taken, as also that of other witnesses, and a verdict was returned to the effect that deceased died from natural causes, to-wit : Congestive apoplexy of the braiu, which had been accelerated hy drinking. SUDDEN DEATH OF A CUILD.-On Wednesday morning last a woman named Tanner, wife of Peter Tanner, foreman at the Gas Works, and a resident in Ednard-strect, fgund her baby, aged two months, dead in the bed beside her, when she woke for the purpose of giving it the breast. The child was very healthy, and the father states that it was awoke about five o'clock, being found dead at seven. The precise cause of death is not yet known, but a post mortem examination will be made, and au inquest held. UOUIIEBV.-On Tuesday night lastsome thieves entered the drying ground attached to the par- sonage of S*. David's, and walked off with a Hue full of clothes, the property ol the Archdeacon. ANCIENT MANNERS AND CUSTOMS.-In Queen Elizabeth's reign there is a report for the year 1580, in which it ia stated " that the maids of honour desire 1 to hare their chambers ceiled, and the partition that is of boards to be made higher, for that the servants looked over,' And. about the same time it is said that certain young noblemen and gentlemen were guilty of similarindecorouB behaviour, being fond of peeping over these boards, to the great annoy- ance of the ladies when at their toilette, whereat her Majesty was highly displeased, and severely reproved them. Moreover, it seems that the chamber for the squires of the body was " ruin- ous and cold," and required to b? ''ceiled over- head, and boarded underfoot ;" and that some part of tile Castle was so much out of repair that the rain beat in ! It is not more curious than instructive to note the state of things in Scotland about the sarao period. There was evon a greater lack of personal com- fort among the nobility in that country than in England. The late Earl of Buchan, in his " An- tiquarian Researches," gives the following rare piece of information, which at least silo A s linea to have been a scarce commodity io the days of James VI. In the archives of tue War family, under a section dedicated to antique costume, it is stated that " the Royal charge (Jaraga) con- tinuing under the nurture of hil governanU, the Dowager Countess of Mar (as towards his mouth and ordering of his parson), had, in the doad of the night, been «eized with a colic The ladies of honour were all summoned from their warm beds to attend his heenjss ; when aa was remarked, none of tho ladies had any shifts, except the auld Counters of Mar, her ladyship being tender (sickly;." Alongside of this fact, this other fact is not without interest. When our gracious Sovereign W at Windsor, twenty four basket*, averaging 1501b. weight each, or something like a ton and a half of solid linen, are sent daily "to the waih," the which opera- tion is performed by a steam engine, and thirty four servants, with a manager at their head.- I JPwttbr. . A 