CON??SERATION OF THE BISHOPS OF MAITLAND AND BATIIURSST. On Tuesday, November 14th, the Most Reverend Dr. Murray and the Most Reverend Dr. Quinn were consecrated respectively Bishops of lMaitland and Bathurst, Australia, by is OGrace the Archbisbop of Dublin, in the pro-Cathedral, Marlborough-street. Thei time arranged for the conmmencement of the cere anonies was 10 o'clock, but before the hour lhad arrived every part of the pro-Cathedrel not set apart for the prelates and clergy was densely crowded by a congre gation not only anxious to witnes one of the most solem and imposing rremonials of the ritual, but also to pay every marlr of respect and reverence to the two good priest. who have been selected for the very high honour which was conferred on them byr the lineal successor of him whlose festival it was. Within the sanctunry at the .Gospl side a temporary altar waas deeorated as on the great festival. Shortly after '10 o'clock a procession ihving been formed in the ide chapel of St. Kerin, it entered thle church in the sillowitg order :s-First camse the students of Holy one College. headed bry cross bearers, acolytes, and thurifer; then camethle studentos of All Hallows Col lege, followed by tlhe clergy and dignitaries ; then the BishopElectof]Bathuast. TheMoster. Dr. Whelan, Bishop of lBomubay, senior assistant prelate ; thIe Rev. Dr. Conr, ohaplaiin; thle Bishop Elect of Maillahnd; the Most er. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobanttown, juniorasnistant prelate; ohaplain, thie Rev. Dr. ?Bc eshinor. Tle Most Rev. Dr. Nulty, Coadjutor Bishop of feath. Tshe Most Rev. Dr. Dorrian, Coadjutor : Bishopof Down and Conner. lThe Most Rev. Dr. \- '0 do', hBisehop of Elpbsins. Bin?m.l en tle Acclbishop of Dublin, consecrating ilt. , entered attended by the Very eev. Monsignor -'Jivde, V.G., and the Very hev. Monsignor Woodlock, a t~a, tholiec University, assistant prieslts, and the SBftrs1 K'Swiggin, master of ceremonies. The chap . :ailn"o' the prelates elect were the Rev. Dr. Doyle, *.t, Mihy; the Rev. Dr. Doyle, C.C., Leixlip, and lrs rev. Mr. O'Donoghue. His Grace the Arch 'islo? pa having been invested with his full canonicals ..vlthln the .enniary, and the prelates-elect having ' see?vobed in the vestment, of priests celebrant, over wlhiehl they wore splendid capes of cloth of gold richly embroidered, and his Orae tle e Arehbishop Iaving ?ikenm his lseat in front of the altar, the bishops elect wereeondocted by the assistant prolates to the centre of the unastary, wIen the senior assistant prelate said-Most Rev. Father, OurlIoly Mother the Chsurcls demands of you to promote these priests to the heavy ollc of bishop. Wlhen the consecrating prelate said -Hare you the qpostolic mandater ?--nwhieh being answered in'thse armative, thelvy were ordered to be end. Ele Papal Bulls authorising the consecration of tihe Most Rev. Dr. Maurray for the inewly created Sea of Maitland, and the Most Rev. Dr. Quinsn for the new flee of Bathsurst, Ihaving been read, the pre lates-eleet came forward and were enmuinesd by thle Arehbilhop, and having in all things expressed their submissoun to the Church, and declaring that they would dieclarge the duties devolving upon themI as bishlops, asid having mado a full coafeslosson of faith, tli were conducted to their altar or chlnpel, where then were divested of their cope, sandals were pleid on their feet, and they were invested witll pectoral crosses, stoles, tunies, dalmaties, chaluci blas, aimd maniples. They then proceeded to the altar of their elalal, at whirch the Ines proceeded with thae at the hsigl altar up to thie Epistle and Tract, when the Arelbinhop called on the conugregation to pray for the prelates elect, who prostrated themselves as the Litany of the Saints was being chausted, and at the conuclusion of the Litany the Archbishop gave idis blessing to the postulsants. The books of the Gos pels open were laid on tile shoulders of the prelatcr to be-consecrated, his Grace the Arehbishop and tihe aeintant prelates placed their Iands on thle heads of thed elect, and they all said "'lenive ye thie Holy Ghost." The heads of the tiehlops of IMaitland and Bathussttere then bound with liues, and the Areh bishlop Iavrig intoned the first verese of Ithe ]iymn, ' Veni Creator Spiritus," it wao taken up by thie choir, whirhconsisted ofthe students of Holy Cross Col leges,led by the Rev. N'. Donnelly, thie Rev. T. O'Rcillh and the Rev. Professor Verdon, and ws given as well as the rest of the neaered music, with much taste and devotional feeling. Nothilg could be more solemn and imnpressive than the cerenioniall while tie graud hysiss was being sung. Every part of thii, hallowed and sancienlt rites ets full of miaoning lind ChristLan symbolism, and brought before all tile grandrur and beauty of the ritual of the Chlurchl. The Archlbishlop having blessed the episcopal rings,aunointed the ireads of the new bishops. S At the conclusion of tie first Goslpel, the Very Rev. C anon M'COlbe ascended the pulpit and delivered a rmost eloquent and impressive dis- lurse, taking the ;jollowing passage for hIis texOt:- lIe shall judge tile se ° of thle people, and hIe sludl save the childier-i of at poor. He shell continue with the sun and before e moon and throughout all generations. Hlie ishall Sdome down like tain upon the Ileece, and like lshowers genltly falling on the earth. In His days jsustiee shls" slnring up and abundance of peace. He shall rule from sea to sea, snd from the beginning to the ends of the earth." At the termination of the sermon thle IMass Ilro coeeded, andattthe eonclusion of tuhe Preface, the 132nd ptslm, ".."c qemas" was Oiug by the chloir, dulring the pirformance of which the Ilands of tile receshl" einsecrated bishops wers bound withl wlitt lisnes, alld at the termination of thie anthetn they wercanooitled. Croibrs were this placed in their left hiundos and tihe rings on their fingers, in accordance witih tile riluul ceremonial. The books of thegospels, which had ben laid open on the ireks and shosldstrl of ts,- new 'bishops (to signify their elntireim submission to the words of God) were tllen Iandredl to them bv the isrch bishop, who smid "Go forth lnd prenach the gospel to all God's ereatures." The new prelstes proceeded to their cluspel, sand thile Mass was continlsed lt the high and side altars 0p to tile offertron, unlls thle new bisopsjoineo d the Arehbihop at the hIigih salt where missls were placed for lcthem. Af4er the cousceration of the sacred elemeils the Ilisl,ps of IMliLuissd and Bsithurst partook of the same crnsunniisation withl the Archbishop. The mitres Isvisng beesi blessed by tle prelate celobrant, he ulared tllem o tile hItsds of thei sew prelates, iwhD gave hlim and the assistant bishps thie kiss of petre, and then proceeded through tI.s church, and gave their blessing to the vast kneeliig congregation. Having been conducted to the lthrone, for tshem after the post eommsunios, tlhey pronounsced thie episcopal benediction, and withll tile Ti lasm roll cluided tlhe cerenlonis of the day, lwhich pronmotlld to good and holy priests to tshe prtIacyr of a remonte r-gioln into which thei will casl'r, olt tile tsrophieis of ]slslnssos eouquenst, but sihat resirl'lp esmblem of the old faith in which alone shall man coisqueri.---Freemao . The foe Biohops of ,ew Zenaland hnve oest n msemorial to thle Queen, complaining of the uIsastis factory position in whichl they have been plhoed by the decision of the P'rivv Council in the Colenso case. They statle thle eireumstanee which led to the foIbrmnn tion of thie different bishopries, and say that isnasneluch as they were founded by private efforts and endowed by private elarity, the right ofaptointm;ent is niut a part of the prerogative of the Crown. In coselseion, they psry that all doubt may be removed as to their ocelesiastieal and tempsoral statllus by the arceptnoce of the surrender of their letters patent, whieh by the Coloneo judgment were lunade null andl void by] declaring thte roycl mnndate whtich ordered thieir conseerrat ion to Ihave n5o fsrther effiect ; nud by receog isiniog the right of the Bishops in Yew Zeoland to fill up rasancies is their own order by cossecrating personos elected by tlohe GeneOral Synod, without letters patent, after communieation with tlhe Secretry of Sltate and the Attorney-General of thle colony. Tse Aberdeen cliplperMartha Usrsie hsi just sailed fur BMelbourne with a consigssmelat of live stock of no ordinary interest., under the supervision of Mr. Martin Thatcher, thle travelling agent of thle Victoria Acclimn timtiont Society. It comprises 90 Angola goato of tle purest breed, fromu Smyrna; four flse Ialf-groena ostriches, reared iu the Botanical Ghlrdoens of Algiers, asd presented to the society by the director of that estabhlislhmoent; sooe rare water-fowl, poultry, and pigeons, presented by the French society, and a col leetion of that One songster the Calandre lark, of tlhe Southl of France. To these are added 35 of thle benatiful eriosoo Virginian nightingdese of North America, 50 Lnglish robins, and 40of thie pretty little common squirrel; in addition to thlese are 40 black birds, 40 skylarks, 40 linnets, a few red- legged partridges, somen Algerine sand-grouose, and a quantity of starlings. Mr. Thlatelher takes out also for private colonists, or to be otlherwise dispoved of in the colony, about 50 English partridges, 50 hares, a anumber of phelasants, nsd mnore thlan £1000 worth of price poultry, of the very beat strains of blood in game fowl, white and black Slmnish, Blrasma Poolra, &o.; Captlain Selwvn, R.N., who in 1858 commanded H.ML.. Siren onl thle Brazilian station, gives in aletter to thle Times somae interesting particulars connected withl the coral island known as Las Roceas off Per. namsbuco, upon whichl tlhe Dunean D)unbar has recently been wrecked. He says tlhat knowing the dangerous nature of the reef, lie obtained permission to survey it, and that lie found the islssd covered with the wrecks of vessels, out of which hie manoged to con struct a beaneou about 40 feet high, and planted sevoen cocon- nut trees, alrieh togethler aerred for somo veares to warn seaforeors from thel dangerous spot. But tUe becon haIs now fallen doins, and the cocos ilst trees have perished, and if the Brazili.n authori ties decline to build a liglhthlose ou tlhe island, Cap tain Sea?yn thinks- it would be well worth the while of British merehasts to erect nu iron beacon. It is stated that an Italian priueess, of the late reigning hIouse of Modeno, was recently received inlto thie Mnrylebone Workhousec, and hnas died thlere. Other members of thle faunily are said to be living in osondon in a state of poverty. Thie mediel and othler oicors of the workhllouse rendered lthe poor prmices every attention, but no sooner was she dead thlan a valuable chain whlichl she retained and greatly prized was found to be missing, ansd there is everr- reason for believing it was taken by somne of thie pauper nurses by whom she was surrounded. The death of Mrs. Cameron, tlhe mother of Consul Cameron, is announced. 31er health has been under mined, and ashe has at last sunk under thle suspense and misery she so long endured in consequence of theo eruel hlprisonorent and torture of her san. The youngest son of Burns, thle poet, died recntly at Cheltenham froms the etfects of an accident. Lieutenant- Colonel Glencairn Burns was in his l72nd year at the time of his death. Tso Paris illustrated newspapers have given plor traits of Lord Palmoreton, abwhich ar more or less good likenesses, for plhotogroplhy hlad long since massde his fore faniliar on tle Contintnt. ltcse biognsllirol notiecs attiaeled to thle engravings are frequently hlighlv amusing. One writer observes:-'" The man wl so often guided the destinies of nations was a gentleman il e.veryr sense of thle word. He was a sportsman, and a bean rarolier, always anakinlg love, and getting into seropes. At all periods of life he a-as a most illsvetrte dancer, and would leave off despatch-writing at any time for a walts, HIe intro duced into Englund ola vale s desri temps. He could talk and joke about everythilng, from the rise and full of empires to a cotillon. Jie was gay eves in a London fog. He had little of thle sadnes as ad glooas oftlthe Englishmen awho manke life one long stosy of eare and work, inseducing msonahile s n rmeos families whichl tlhey know nots whsat to do with. He ewas fond of boxing and hunting; in filet, an Englislounan, hut not a gloomsy Englishluan." A mush larger numnber of newaspapers have passedl thlroughl the Post-oifleC since Lord Palmertoen's deathl than on any occasion since the deathl of thle luke of Wellington. TIE Pae T SalPo a .--The-lo English Regi.trar-Gense rel los to report thlat thle mnea tesmperature of tile six oanathis from Al)ril to Sepstsmberss, 180I5--numely, 59'37 deg.--Ias exeedesd any to be founsd int tlhe records of thle lhat isely-fsour years. Yet the degree of heat was never equal to tlat of several quite recent sanuners. Thie hliglest of all the returnss made to tlhe Registnsr-General tlis year was 92 dcg., reported by thle late Dr. Barker, of Bedford; and is 1858 tlhe same gentleman s ad to report a heat of 97 deg. at that place. But iu all the inety-four years thle liaan temperatlure of thle six montha s aever before realched .even 58 deg., except in live years, and in only one of tl.ee exceeded 50 deg.--nmely, in 184G, whlen it was 59-13. A linited comppay haver just built in Liverprool, neasr tie Plsillsrsonie-hlall, a huge gmo'nasium, olne of thell finest, if not thle finest, in Europe. Under the direction of Mr. Iulley, thle "gynaust," thle building has been fittedt up with silll thle most recent ismprove Isents asnd isnreutions. and alrssdy tlhe number of subseribors exceeds 500, and with Ia c-sslant daily ancession of fresh memlnbers. Thle formal opening ns fixed for thle 30thl of October, undcr tihe presidency of Lord Stanley, but, owinsg to thle Knowloy festivities, it was postpiouad untlil the 5thl of Naoember, w-hes Isis lordohip delivered an address o "Physical Edusca titn." Une liunudred andi eight undergraduates of Chlirit church, Oxford, have inemorialised the Dean onl the high prices charged by tho butler for bread and tle poor qualily of the beer which is served to them in the common 1aill. They propose thLa thie butler should be put on wages, flhi giving him noi longer anl interest il selling bread at famine prices. Miss Siddlon, n gnrad-daughter of file celebhnted netress, has recentlly inade her debut upon thle stage at Nottingham is Shiiepeai'ii'iran chamrl icters, and has made a great iensation. She las a very liandsoim fitce, of ,he true Kemble east; her nialnura ianid demleaUnour nri. exceedingly graceful; her voice clear and melodious in its eadences, but not loud ; and her figure is good, althlioghi petite, nud iherelbre illthat respect a eonntist to lthe iagnificent presenlce of lier iilustrioure unesitresa teo tragedy-queen of former years. Afw dn lays sile an :cal entcreid the IhosO. of John IIculiai, of Bl1llykinslar, county IDown. uloch Ito the as ltolisincllt of t lie ilutiaes, who however, succeeded ill capl.uring Ilie alnilmal, lwhiclh Imesiured 8 feet in leiigth and 4 in girth at the broalest part. In its pnssnge from the water it lhd to rJilub over 11 lprceles olf sandy bank to get at jlenan's houre. Ai'ew imornings sinier, a crossed helque for £1 tU,U00, which lan evTery I t Il)pI'irIICC of being genuiin, I?,s iiuiked up iat h t eadingl Industrial Elx]ibition, and hialded over lo the secretary, who will deliver it to the owner oni appllilcatioi. Till!he iiiivr'irs1v Bsrvnie'i' of tlhe ildependeolt cIhirch, Guild'ord, were alltedeil by several men.beri. of the swell mob. At tlihe Imorningimermic tire litlivfcrnt ladlir had their pori'tes piLkeud and found lhemie-lves minui their pureei. At the couclusion of the cerlioii is the evcniig,t' pmrelied bly thle i ev. Newman n Hall, Ithe lRev. Mr Hart. pastor of tlhe lhaprel, reminded the large collgrigaliom thi'It 1they mut be careful in leaving thle building, uad not crowd towar'ds tli doors. The lRev. Newunmi ltall then ii a shlort, erleampore prayer asked God if there were any pirhkpoikels present to change heir iintentions, and n,?ve their souls, to which pet ition lliere wnas I general " Amen" from the congregation. No furl tcr thrlft was reporled. Atlilv. o Cr 'Oclo. I'OMi NsEW O)IILEAS.-Yes terlday ltwo ship.s dirert from NiXw Orlemis arrived in Ithle Mersey, laden will free-lalbour notlon. Thie FI'reedom brings aboutmt ]700 bales, and the Glad Ti'ditin 2100 bales of rot.lon-these beiing two of lthe largest icargoes of cIllon whichli have arrived in the Mersev siie tlle i ellllin?'clsement alid te,rminlation of tlh wnar froim New Orleans.-Lirerjool Albion, No vemiber 18. lJNXG Omls.-The lBristol Tiimer imentions thatl a Mr. )) - resiing i il? Ihat town, Ilade a lbet oflialf iu-s.overeign to C1,000 that he would name (le ie winners ofthe COr..'-avwich and Canlbridgesbire. Ife lid so, IIad I rcived n hlicqne ior £1 ,000 firom the laer of' th luo? udds, alhiech web honourcd. TASTE IN T?E WEBT.-On time occasion of Queen Emma visiting Wells, the band of loael volunteers turned out to do hler fitting " honours." Oddly, how cerr, ore oftte first tunes which they plsayed was the seil-known air called "The IKing of the Cannibal Islands." AntEsT or OA CHILD Ir ParssA.-A truly wonder ftl cisrr corns from Prussia. A boy of nine years old lhas been arrested at Posen for elander of a high police fuoclionary under the circumstances disclosed II the following memorial preented to the Prussian Minister of the Interior by tlhe child's father, atrades iiima, nmued Elias Friendlander:--" On the 5th of September n letter was brought to me from the l)iector of Police, addressed to 'YoungOscarFriend lunder-privale and urgent.' The contents of the letter were as follows :-'- Young Oscar Friendlander is sumnmonedl at tte Bureau of Police on the 5th intstant, at ive o'clock in the afternoon.' Supposing tltt therie must be some mistake, as I could not imiugine it possible that euchl a summons could be neinlt for my child, only nine years old, I went my self to the police-ofllice to make inquiries. The assessor, Mi. Steom, told me that the letter was really addressed to the boy, but he refused to let me know what ihe was wanted for. On my sayingthat Ishould decline to send the child, the assessor replied tlmat hic would send two policemen to fetch him. As I did not wish to resist the police, and, moreover, thought it would havre a bad moral effect upon the child if he were to be led prisoner like a felon through the streets, I sent lIis mother with him to the police offlce. Site wnas not allowed to be present darung his examinntion, and had to wait in the ante-elumber, alchere she remnined, as may well be supposed, in a state of great distress. Aftera time thle child returned and told her tlhat hlie was'accused of having said to a little boy inamed Karl Emrich, also nine years old, that his sister Selma ihad been in a bath with the President of P'olice; my sod denied having said so. The inext day a police agent came to my house and said hlie had positive orders to take my son to the police-oflilce unaceompanied by anybody. The child was at that moment at school. On learning this the police agent went to the school, and, without speaking to the master or professor, took him away by force. My wife and I, being told of this by the neiglbours, went at once to the police- oflfice, whore we were kept waiting a long time. While in the ante-chamber we heard the child crying, and the assessor, Strom, said to himi-' I'll put you in a blockhole for four monthls, and give you twenty blows witli a stick if you do not confess. You already look like a scoundrel, and it is easy to see from your countenance that you will become one.' My wife, unable to restrain herself, opened the door and began to remonstrate; but Kf. Strom sent hier back, saying, ' You are not cited here, and if you do not go away directly I will hare you arrested.' I myself was roughly pushed out of the building by a policeman. The clild was msdo ill by the friglht, iand is noew under medical treatmnent. K. Stron ultiuamtely deigned to say to me, by way of explanation, that be could never allow a magistrate of such high rank as the Prefect of Police to be defamed by a child nine years old." A French surgeon, of Charmes, in the Vosges, recomnmends the use of an aquatic plant, Conferva bulboso, in place of lint, to which he declares it to be much superior. Dr. Jeorbert de Lamballe recently tried it in the hlospitals by order of the emperor, and reports very favourably of it. The Paris Temps relates the following strange ease of poisoning:--"A respectable man, residing in the Avenue de St. Cloud, had reeeired from a nephew a present of hlalf-a-pomnd of snuff, and lInd it placed on the shelf of a cupboard, by the side of a similar quon tily of coffee just purchased. His wifec, in preparing t?hir breakfnlst, took the wrong packet, and, without perceiving hier error, made a beverage of which they eceh partook, supposing it to be coffee, although they at thie same time observed tlhaot it had a very bitter disagreeable taste. They were both shortly after eizecd with srymptoms of poisoning, and then only discovered the mistiake. Medical assistance was ob tained, but the husband shortly after expired; the wife, lhownever, ultimately recovered." A strong bind of Brigands bad the effrontery, a few days since, to enter the town of Sezzn, in the Volerian Ifills, antd to attend mass in the principal church, armed to the teeth and gaily dressed, with flaunting ribbons round their hate, in utter contempt of the few Papal gensdarme who form the garrison of the town, and who, of course, had the prudence not to anolent the nexcpected visitors. A shloekinigsccnicecurereeenatlyatBauten, Sasony, at the exelcution of a man named Bhlimer, for the murder of the Ihusband of a woman with whom he (Bmhllner) had formally cohabited. Bhrllmer refused to listet to the exhortations of the chaplain of the pri soni, and whlen hie ascended the scaffold and the execu tioner and his three aids laid hands on him, he com sttuc-ced a fierce struggle, and successfully resisted thleir erorls to lay him oi the fatal plank. With the help of theeo more men, lhowever, he was ultimately placed tnder tihe guiillotine, and his last words before tle knife fell were " I am iunocent! Human justice is murder!" " ANsi)tE' JONSoNEl TAOOB·o."-A correspondent of the Chicago Tribae las booeen visiting the hoime of 'Prescident Johlnson, and gives tile following dee eription of his worlkshop, and certain reminiisenceso of hirs early life:-" We halted in front of a little dingy filte one-story building, whilch stood alone. Over the battered door some one had painited on a slip of brooct pper, in hold letters, ' A Johlson, Tailor.' This, then, was the college were graduated our President. It is still a tailor's slop, but the artist is of Ia darker huc than Andy. A coloured man now works at tihe President's trade in the shop n'lhereo he drew t th thread in earlv nmanhood. The hmdlord of tlie hotel, who claimed to have worked on the same board wsithl Johnelson, told us several interesting remit isncmes of his early craor. liHe said Johnson was not tenity years old when hlie first came to Grenville from i'orth Carolina, a very green, gawky youth, who could not even rcadthe alphabet. The first job Andy onts set at was tiaking a suit of coarse jeans. HIis awkward ways at first made lim the ridicule ofthe shop, but hiis natural quick wit and sagacity ngained the arespcct of all. Mrs. Johnson was a widow's daughter. Her father ~us a shoemaker. She was a girl of spirit tatd intelligence. Wllhen they married, Andy's norldlh psossesiosi consisted of 5 dollars in monoey, anit old horne, and a cot bedstead. The bride's mother lhad but a small dowry to bestow. So the futtrt President of the United States commenced neddeth lilt with tie foregoiig catravugasnt stock of woeltdly gi'ods. ire. Jolmsota took tier hiusbiad's educattion i ha llund, utand, us is nell known, taught him to read. Our iufornaut says Andy, after Ihe iearnedtt to read, used to seek the nsost intelligent company in the town, atId get all tlhe inbformation, hooks, &c.;, he could. Among those who aided htn in this way we-re some merchansts and bankers, N'orlth Curoliniits of Scoelh Irish extraction. They were men of shrewd intellect and considerable information, tlhe bcnelit of chich they freely gaive to the ambitious young tailort. Northern people, surrounded withl free schlools and the widening culture of the hand, am s?trcely appreeitch thie diflcultics surmounted bj this ardent student. Thalt they were surmounted, his camrer hoas tbundattly proved." Mlr. Frtderick W. Seward lhas 'uflcienl- reecovced to resoaume the duties of Assistant Secrettnr of State at lWashingion. 1Ie hms Inot bret in attendauce at the Stite l)epartment as yet, but he transacts ofllicial busi necs nt his rC-idCUee. lano liar. della s artin, ao Aew lore, sontcrily a alave, in a speech delivered before the Congregational Union, at lristol, said:-Men enter into conversation with ile il nrilway eCrringoC, and they say, "We are as much opposed to slivelry s you are; but tirn, afte'r nil, slaver- ought to IheTO been gradually abol isled, aiod not imnaidiaiely." Well inow, suppose it ought, it ?L\?- aolt (laughter). It would cost just is 1111muc blood aldl treasure to get the negroes back into slaintry- it I1ns cotI to get them out, Iand if these people really mellut to criticise where they can re IimedY, uand not to flid fault merely in a querulous rpiirit, (Ily would acl Tela thle state of feads, as they lprs'e.sl la·ltsI'lic . d, amal malie liae beat of it (hear, leanr.) 1 will tell you what is the fact. The people thlia;. fild itull, witli abolition generally do not wiant it, gratluul or iumaediate. Tlhey say that. theo negroes alere very wetll colullentd whelin tll ty were ill slaversV. " I lhave seall tfliia," somse s will saV, "and iealrd tIlei say thev" Nwsere couetetcd." 'Theiy lave told me that frnqitlently, auml tllere was ilever a greater mistake inl the world. lere a whito man si"ays tbat the negroes svere coatcnte d. Well, I a ll t neigro, tad I was not contented (loud al)ihlause). The white 1in1 was not ill slavery; I was, and I know where the sliho piti(ched ; and I s~:? 1 was not eulcultedl. But then, Itr. Chairninlt, -up)pose it were thc fct tltm tilhe black man1 was conltented ill bondage, supposielt was con itanled to see his wifi sold on tlie auction block, or hlis daughter violated, or 'li clildren separated from him, na Idhaving lis own mnnhood crsslle out of himl I siay hi:li is thie heavi'st colndenlllation of the itnsti I ulion, tthat lavery should blot out a man's manhood at as to ImaIIke himl cointented to accept this degr'adn tion, alld surl all instilltiutio ought to be bweptt from the face of flle eartll (Joud oppillas). 