BRISBANE YACHT CLUB RACE. On Saturday the first races of the Brisbane Yacht Club came off in Moreton Bay. Originally it was intended to have had two races, one for yachts and the other for open boats ; but there were no entrances for the last named, and it lapsed, leaving the one race on the programme. For this there were only four entrances, namely :— Hamlet's Ghost—George Harris, Vice-Commodore, owner. Glag, black, yellow, and red. Gleam—The Amateur Boat Club, owners. Flag, light blue, with white Maltese cross. Alerte—J. Brown, owner. Flag, red, with white Maltese cross. Miss Young—Captain Curphey, owner. Flag, red, with white Maltese cross. The Miss Young, is an open boat, and was only entered for this race because the race for boats of her class had lapsed. On arriving in the bay an altercation was made in the course to suit the wind then blowing. The various craft took their stations near the Star of England, the flag-ship, from which the start took place, instead of from the black buoy at the outer end of Francis' Channel, as originally intended, The course sailed was from the Star of England in a southerly direction round the Rockhampton, thence north- westerly to the black buoy above mentioned and back to the flag-ship. With this course, and the wind about east, all the boats had a chance of showing their best sailing points. Unfortunately for the yachtsmen the wind was very light, and at times would barely fill the sails of the craft ; but, on the other hand, if the weather was not exactly what an enthusiastic boatman would desire, it was extremely agreeable to those who enacted the part of spectators. A little after 1 p.m. the yachts took their places to the east of the flag- ship, the Gleam taking the windward station, the Miss Young next, then the Hamlet's Ghost, and the Alerte to leeward. They were started by Mr. E. B. Forrest, the Alerte moving off first, then the Miss Young, and the Gleam, the Hamlet's Ghost being the last to move. Then they had the wind a-beam. Captain Curphey went off with the lead, and was first to round the Rockhampton, the Gleam followed her, the Ghost third, and the Alerte last. In the next portion of the course from the Rockhampton to the buoy the wind was fair for running, and the Gleam set her square sail, and before making the next point had taken the lead. The Ghost was a long way asterm but was picking up well, while the Alerte had lost much ground that she stood little chance of regaining. The view of the black buoy was intercepted by the ship Golden South, which lay almost in a direct line between it and the flagship. From the buoy, however, there was a dead beat up to the winning point. Here the sailors of the yachts displayed their different tactics in order to avail themselves of the set of the ebb tide. The Gleam was the first round, the Miss Young next, in close company with the Ghost, and the Alerte last. The Gleam, the Miss Young, and the Ghost all hauled up and stood for the north, while the Alerte went about immediately after passing the buoy, and stood away towards Mud Island. From that time the Miss Young and the Gleam had all the racing to themselves. The Miss Young was first to go about, when about half a mile or so past the buoy, and the Gleam kept her course northerly for about two miles, and then stood on the other tack. The Vice-Commodore kept on that tack so far that he put himself completely out of the race, and was last to come in. The finish was rather exciting, the Amateurs and Captain Curphey coming up together almost abreast, but the Gleam had the start of the Q.S.N. Co. and passed under the stern of the flagship, a winner by about one minute and a half. The prize was a silver cup, and was awarded to the Amateurs. Very few of our townspeople availed themselves of the chance of the pleasant holiday afforded by the occasion. The steamers Brisbane and Emma made trips to the Bay at reasonable rates, but were not patronised. 