22ND AUCTJST. I \- Moran, laundry-maid, oxnmined : I novor wit- nessed any impropriety amone; tko girls ; wo got tho mon patients to fold heavy shirts and thc like; novèr more than four men ; took them from any ward, (Mr. Stcphon hero stated that he found a butcher's bill of about £17, headed " Private .account," among Mrs. Ghost's papers.) Mrs. Harrison was of ten drunk ; very abusivo both to rae and women servants ; Bcveral of tho sorvants loft for her ; I gave up my placo, but Mrs. Ghost asked mo to stay for her sake, os abo was ill ; Mrs. G boat gave her not;co that sho must leave in tho 1 end of tho month of July ; I said I would bring her boforo the Bonch for what shs said to mo ; Mrs. Ghost said " Would you go to tho Bench for such a woman?" I board Mrs. Ghost say, " Mrs. Harrison, got yoursolf troll as soon ns possible, and leavo this place nt'tbo end of tho month, for I would not put np with it ony longer for a thousand a year ;" ono girl has beon in tho laundry four months, another fivo months ; it ia very difficult to get laundresses, being hard work ; Ure. Harrison kopt company with Davis, wardsmnn. Eliza Brady, examined: I am going on for fivo months in tho house as laundress; Mra Harrison got drunk twice, beastly drunk ; was not very offpssivo to mo but to the other girls; she called thom improper nanua ; the mon novor carno at 2 in tho morning ; two mornings tboy carno nt half-past dor 5;' when we wore short of u yiri Mra. Ghost told us lo get their help ; tho last timo Mrs. Harrison was in drink was tbrco weeks before she loft. Helen ITouloghan, examined : I havo beon near four montliB in houso ; very much annoyed by Mrs. Har- rison ; she got drunk and abuted me very much, because I would not go for drink for ber ; told stories of me because I would cot go ; seen her drunk two or thrro times ; never saw any other servant drunk ; eho was quito beastly drunk. Georgo Davie examined :-I am a day workman ; I havo boon about nina years in tho houso"; I know Mrs. Un r ri eon ; have seen her tho worse of drink ; havo not seen hor sicco Tusday week ; did not moot herat Dyer, tba gato- koopcr's-not sinco eho was in tho house"; I was with her ono ovening about half-past IO, when sho was worse of liquor ; 1 wanted to koop peace ; thia was nbout two months ago ; there was nothing wrong ony further tban sitting down with hor i 1 urcd so impro- por liberties ; sho would not let me go from her ; she only wanted to be talking; I could not got away; thora was a report that wo woro to get married ; it was a fatso report; T know thero aro como who take a drop in tho house ; I am nover in the way ; I never saw any ono to say drunk oxcopt Mrs. Harrison ; I novor drink anything ; havo econ Mrs. Harrison drunk lately, not within a fow woolie, nearly two months ago. I 