THE ATTITUDE OF THE UPPER HOUSE. 7 Ifc was reasonable to expect that" tbe ad dress in reply to His Excellency's speech, delivered at the opening of Parliament, would not be adopted in the Legislative Council without amendment. The threadbare nature of the Vice-regal pranunciamento was such as not only to disappoint the House, but also to engender an increased feeling of irritation against the. Alinistry, on account of the absence of all allusion to the most important matters in dispute between the two Cbamr bers. Mr /Fellows, who- moved the amend ment, spoke the sentiments of the .Council pretty .plainly when lie said, that it was Best to deal candidly with the- Governor ; to ire- mind him of whah had' passed ';' and to point out what- had been omitted, as well as what had been wrongly stated in the Speech. /On the other hand, Mr Miller, t who, by the i way, has accepted the responsibility of chani,-, pioning the Ministry in the , Upper House — made no attempt to explain or '/justify the reticence of His Excellency, in respect of the illegal- collection of duties, the appropriation of public 'monies without' the sanction of Parliament, aud. the sudden stop that iwas put to i tbe . arrangement; with tlie London Chartered Bank. He simply contented him self with attacking Air Pellows, on the ground that while that hon. member now ex pressed sympathy for.- the Goyerhorj' in the unfortunate position lie has been drawn into by his advisers, vet die had only a short time" ago affixed his signature to a petition asking for the recall of His Excellency., ,A:f lamer attempt to "answer the simple statement of facts made by Air /Fellows, could, not well be imagined,' and the palpable; exhibition of ill temper with which Mr Miller wound up the debate, was the reverse of creditable to his good taste or common sense. In short/ the manner in which the. representative5 of the Government dealt with the q uestion t he amendment to the address, _ was of itself sufficient to show that his colleagues do not intend to vouchsafe, for the present a!t least, any -fu rfcb'er explanations'- of their : policy /; .and:; heuee tlie remonstrances cohtained ih' t address, as adopted, are fully warranted. / ;»<h The discussion that arose out of this ques tion was very important, because it gave the Upper House" an early opportunity oil dhclar-" ing the line of- conduct they! intended.. to adopt in reference to the Appropriation.! and! Tariff :bills; whenever those luckless measures may again: come1 before them. / , The majority' of the rjieih hers afe, as s 1 aiiach Free-tra(ders as 7 ever they were; yet;.in,fac8Lof the uuq.ues.tion- ;ably extensive demand- throughout the country for protective duties, the Council are prepared to. make no opposition to the tariff, provided ifc is sent to them; i'ti 'such a8ta4 ae/to permit of their taking it into consideration. Thoroughly icohvinCed; though they are-of the fallacies1 ;of Protection, they are willing:, to .,bow to the expressed desire of "the "grfeatdst fiumher ; so that, now, the Assembly have not /even -the ghost of au.excu8e for attempting to compel the Council to- submission by another "tack/"1 The1 eary ' ,declaratioh pf' thiese views' hy the; U pper House has removed iiiore fcban kalf the, cause of dispute between the: two Chambers;, and there would at length ;seem; to/he every- prospect of an ahiicable ';ahd' -/ eonstitutiohal' adjustment of the quarrel-rso far at leas't as a. return : to the legal . government;, of the; country is concernedr— and/more especially so as the' Gbuuci 1 have also been. the fffrst/to initiate a reform of the ; Constitution/ |hy re constructing their own . Chamber on a wider basis of representation./! Of . course j nothing; that either House can now do will condone the grave offence's against the laws that Have been committed by the" "Ministry since the commencement of the crisis ; but we really; think that matters have nowiarrived at such/ a point, as to. warrant, the -expectation- /that very moderate concessions by either side ivill be : sufficient to restore that n ecessary;h ar- mouy of action which . .has so '/long' been in terrupted. :. .The Assembly— after the state ment! made by the leader' of the Opposition in the UpperHouse-Thaye got . the question almost hiitifely "in "tlieir ' jwh" h'arids'V ' and it will be. their > fault, alone :if they do not at once accept and" act upon the conciliatory coarse which the.other Chamber have marked out. Aliuisters are informed that they have only, to submit the Appropriation Bill to ensure its immediate sanction ; that if they seiid Up a1 tariff in which the spirit of protec tion is carried, even so far as to include pro hibitive duties on breadstuff's, the Council will agree to it iu deference to the will of a majority of the people's representatives. Haying, therefore, no reason to fear that the other Chamber will attempt to prevent the " people taxiug themselves according to their own whim," there cau he no necessity for resorting to any artifice in order to secure the passing of the tariff" clauses. Thus, the imaginary difficulty out of which all this trouble has grown is uow practically at an j end; and the questions of privilege, about which so ..much has been said, can hence forward be debated without throwing the country into confusion, by withholding from Her Majesty the necessary supplies. The .attitude which the Upper House have assumed is in every way creditable to them as a deliberative body, armed, as they are, with large powers of veto- /For while it would have been utterly .inconsistent for the. House to have agreed to the address on the vice-regal speech, without discussion and amendment, they have yet made that very necessity 'an occasion Tor "Holding out the'" olive branch to their fellow legislators "down-stairs." The Appropria tion Act once passed, and the tariff santioned by law, there ought to he no difficulty in ar- ranging the ter ms for th e reform of tJiAUpper. Hoiile. Bills fdr this purpose "will' he intro duced into both Chambers, and it is most probable that the provisions contained in these measures respectively, will not be an-, tagonistic in any remarkable degree/' -Ber-' haps the best way to prevent any collision between the two Houses, in reference to" this matter, wovild be to„appoint a joint.. Reform iPpmmittee,fwhosqffijissipnjif shouM/be/tqhnri deavor to" agree Afpon the extent and" "nature of the changes in the Constitution, which all classes of people admit to be now absolutely necessary i ; We ffeel certain/that: such a'con/ ference would result ih a .general amnesty, so far as 7 the5- future'/ /relative positibhk of the Houses are concerned, . /and once more our politics would glide in the accustomed groove, confidence in the public credit being ultimately restored. Ifthe.Ministry7havd.ariy/sehse7ofshaffiej they-' will at length see that, all the, troubles.: into, which the country lias'beeu thrown, arid all the illegal acts which have contributed to bring. Her Alajesty's representative into contempt, both at-hoiue and abroad have been of/their.? own seeking and' devising. / After/all thritfur/ moil of contested elections, all the law proceedings,, and; verdicts against the Cfhwri/ !!'matters haVe now ' coffie . round to precisely the same position they oc cupied at; thef; commencement of /the last session. ' . The Assembly will now be be obliged to, adopt -the very adyiceiwHich the anti-ministerial journals gave them a year ago — that is, , to; send up thej Appropria tion ' and Tariff Bills as separate measures. Thiis;was all that -was askedak the- tirhe'/7but it was stubbornly refused, and .we all know.'the results of tliat ohstinacy. " The Asseinbly had no right to assume that the Tariff Bill would have ! been r e j e cte d ; : by the Couricil ; ; in the ffirst instance ; but everi if it had/been so ;auriuned;/th/wGM Still Iijtye jiadjhe. saffie/. /pppffi'tunity of ... testing . ; ..public opinion, as they were ultimately compelled to avail tuemselves of ; while, iu the ^.mean time'/ the Approp'riaf ion Bill having, become lawl/-there was no doubt of i ts passi hg . as a distinct measure— the country would have, been saved the humiliation of those proceed ings which have lowered us as -a com hi nriity in the riyes'-'6f the" wbHd,-a'rid, as Sir Charles NiOHoLspjr, ; says, utterly ; , paralysed pur jna- , tional credit in the money markets of Europe. ,. . 