" YET ANOTHER GENUINE SPIRIT." ? [PEOST OXCE A WEEE.] When I was staying some time ago at a country house, I met there a little Transatlantic damsel (a connection of my host's), with whom I used to talk a good deal, as her description of her life in the country amused me, and reminded me now and then of pictures in the "Wide Wide World," such as that of the " bees" to " make candy," &c.; She was a different type of girl from the young-lady Yankees I had hitherto met—less young-ladyish, and more found of the country and its pursuits, for the simple reason tbat she had been brought up there, whilst the other girls (American) that I had seen had all been city damsels. In one of her confidences—it was on a rather weird November day, whose grey sky and moaning wind had made us think and talk ot ghosts—she told me the following story, and, as she is exceedingly matter-of- fact, it made the more impression upon me. I give it in her own words, as nearly as possible, i'ankeeisms and all:— " In the summer, and, indeed, almost the whole year round, we live in a large wooden house in the country, some miles from the city, where we go for a short time in the winter. We move into the country quite early in the spring, almost before tbe leaves are out upon the trees, for mother likes the country, and she would hardly move into the city at all but that she wishes to see her friends once in a while, as wc live in a wild place where hardly any one takes the trouble to find us out. Two years ago, mother was taken very ill in town, and continued so until it was almost time for us to move into the country. A week before we went, she asked me if I would go there the next day with the men and girls (AnglicS, servants), and remain (until she came) to superintend tbe arrangements, and also see that good fires were kept up to get the house thoroughly warmed before she came. As it was frequently damp in the early spring, and as I knew mother would feel it from being delicate, I readily consented, and started next day for Woodville, our place in the country. We arrived there in the evening, and were soon busily engaged in putting things to rights, so that I bad no chance to feel lonely tbat night. I must describe a little the situation of our house before I go on with my story. We live in the midst of a great forest, many miles from any one else, and so very wild is it, that from the windows we look directly out into the pines, with the long avenues between the trunks carpeted with pine-leaves, and roofed by the interlacing branches. The wind moans so drearily through these avenues, and often and often when I was a child I used to lie awake listening to the sounds and imagining strange stories about them. My room looked to the north, and upon the side most exposed to the wind, but when tbe house was full of people and noisy I used not to notice it much, and bad not time to think of the dreariness; this night, however, I felt lonely—there was not a sound inside, only the wind moaning outside.' I drew the curtains and locked my door, and it looked so cosy then with my fire, that I soon chased the gloomy thoughts away and undressed and went to bed. I did not sleep much, as it was new to me to be there alone, and I felt the want of companions. The next day, feeling still more lonely, I wrote to my mother, asking her to send some of my friends to me tu Lcop mo eompaoj in my oolitude, I opelit one more night alone, and the next day was intensely cheered by seeing the coachman drive up to the door with my cousin Maud and another friend—just the ones I could have wished for, particularly Maud, as she was very lively ana full of fun. We drew up to the fire and had a cosy chat, and I told them how lonely I had been. I said that I had only expected one of them, who would share my room, and that therefore there had been no other put in order or warmed; ' how' ever,' I said,' if you will both share mine, ai it is large, I should be very happy to have you; and I could put a little cot-bed in or make one up on the sofa.' ' Oh no!' they both exclaimed,' let us all sleep in your bed— it is so large—and then we shall scare away the bogies!' We went up to bed rather early that night, and as a precaution against thieves, I locked the door, after carefully looking under the bed and about, to see that all was safe. In a short time we were all in bed, and I put out the candles, My room had only one door—leading into the passage (the one I had locked), and there were two windows, one at the head of the bed, and the other on the opposite side of the room. After the candles were out, the fire threw strange flickering shadows about upon the walls, which were hung with bows and arrows, a stag's head, and antlers, and a variety of old Indian weapons, so that Maud remarked, in fun,' What a ghostly old place! ho wonder you were lonely; how the wind moans about the bouse. Did you ever see a ghost? I should think this just the place for one if there were such things.' "Just at that moment the wind rose again, and it sounded like, voices of laughter mocking her. ' Did you hear that, Lily ?' Maud asked. ' Oh, yes; itfs onlyjhe wind; it often moans like that.' Finally,, we all went to sleep. I should think it was about the middle of die night, when I was awakened by a loud rap on the window furthest'from my bed, so I started up and listened; it was hot repeated so I thought it might have been a little bird which had flown against the window, and I.lay down again, As I was trying to go to deep, there came another rap louder than the firet, and I started up again; then it stopped. There were the other two girls fast asleep by my side why had they not waked as I had f The noise was so loud that I thought that the window must have been cracked. The idea of ghosts or spirits never entered my head; and then I said to myself that perhaps the noise was not so very loud, as tbe other girls were not waked bjp it, but thatmy imagination was excited Then I tried to account for it in. several ways: could it be little twigs blown from tbe trees on to the window f or could it be some one outside knocking. This last thought suggested another: sometimes my brother, when he was locked out, used to throw pebbles against the window to wake some one up; might he not have ridden over from 'Gambridge," which was about twelve miles distant, and come to stay with me, bearing that I was alone at Woodville ? Just then another rap :came, .and I jumped- out of bed, and unning to the window I opened it and called Who is there T No one answered. It was 1 all moonlight ; so dear that I could look.all bout.- My window was up one story, with E t rustic trellis reaching, from it to die ground, overed with honeysuckle. No one could ave climbed upon it, for-it would hardly ave borne a cat; and, besides, who-would e so really mean as to plays practical joke T on us girls ? that idea was absurd; for there was no one in the house but tbe servants. I' waited a few minutes, but still saw and heard nothing. Maud was now awake, and asked me what I was doing there. I did '<not wish to frighten her with my fears, so I said, 1 1 am looking at the strange shadows in the moonlight.' ' Well,' she replied,' it certainly is an eccentric way of being romantic, standing at an open window in your night-dress this time of yearI am almost frozen.' So I shut the window, tried the door, which was still locked, and popped into bed. I had no sooner got comfortably arranged, than a load double rap came on the window, making us all start up, and Maud exclaimed, ' What was tbat? Oh, Lily, I do believe there are ghosts here!' Still, not wishing to alarm her, I told her it was only the wind, and so we lay down again. No sooner were we all quiet than again the raps came, only this time three in quick succession. Strange voices seemed to be laughing outside, and then—ob, horror of horrors! our bed began slowly to lower itself; it went down, and down, and down. There was no sound of pulleys or anything, only the mocking laughter outside. Was I awake! ob yes; and the others, too, for we grasped each other's hands convulsively, each afraid to speak or move. I remembered a story I had read (it is, I think, in ' Anne of Geierstein'), in which a traveller is let down on bis pallet by pulleys into a vault below. But then, I asked myself, how could that happen in a house where I had lived so long, and which I knew all about. But, that the bed was going down was no mistake; we all felt it, and lay there quaking and trembling, not even daring to jump up and strike a light ; not knowing what was on either side of the bed ; and in this state of terror we lay till the grey of tbe morning. It seemed long, oh, so very long, before there was the least light; tbe darkness was so thick about us, and we felt as if we were sunk down so low into some dark gulf. But, then—oh, what a relief it was when we began by the dim light to distinguish the pieces of furniture about the room, proving that we were still in my room, and not sunk into the horrible pit we had imagined. There, too, were the four bed-posts standing at the corners, gaunt and erect; but the mattress, and we on it, lay flat upon the floor. "And now the cause of it all flashed into my mind. It was an old-fashioned bedstead with a sacking bottom, which was stretched by means of two cranks, so that when the sacking got loosened it could be easily wound up again. The extra weight of three people in bed had made the cranks slowly unwind, loosening the sacking, and thus letting the mattress sink gently on to the floor. Thus the mystery of the bed was explained; but what was the cause of the knocking? I laughed when I found out what that was, which I did shortly; for on' going to the window where I had heard the noise in the night, I found—a tooth-brush ! dangling midway knotted into the cord of the blind. I had pulled up the blind-on my friends' arrival, and put the window a little open, and the cord of tbe blind must have in some way formed a slip-noose round the handle of the brush, and pulled it up with it. The air through the window, blowing the blind to and fro, made the brush rap against the glass, and no wonder the noise was loud and that I thought the glass would be broken. "These two mysterious things (thenoise and the bed-sinking) t»ming together, nnde us really scared, and I wouldn't pass such a night again for a sum .of dollars." 