CHURCH OF ENGLAND. ST. JOHN'S CHURCH, LAUNCESTON. At a meeting of the congregation of St. John's Church, held in the vestry on Monday the 12th inst. the question of adding a chancel to the church was dis- cussed, and it was decided that the Church Wardens should be authorised to make arrangements for proceeding with the work on the plan and specifi- cation of Mr Peter Mills, estimated to cost 300 l. The chancel will not enlarge the church accommodation very much, but it will greatly improve the appear- ance of the church internally and ex- ternally. The eastern end will be raised and made square where the chancel is to join it. The pulpit will be removed and placed on one side of the entrance to the chancel from the body of the church, and the reading desk will be opposite on the other side of the chan- cel. These improvements will make room for thirty additional sittings and place some sittings in front of the pul- pit that are now back seats. They will also enable the Bishop to conveniently administer the offices of confirmation and ordination in the church. The beautiful illuminated window to be pre- sented by John Cameron, Esq , on the enlargement of the church, will be placed in the chancel. We have seen a pho- tograph of this window, which is richly ornamented. The centre piece is the Ascension of our Saviour. (From the Church News.) TBE REV. W. A. BROOKE. Church Grammar School, launceston, 23rd Jan., 1600. My Lord,— I have hefore this time explained fully to your Lordship the reasons which in fluenced me ten years iigo to withdraw from the Ministry of the Church 'tyose reasons exist no longer. I have now no hesitation in decl.irinst my unfeigned assent to the doctrines of Christianity, because tbe doubts and difficulties whioh formerly beset me, relating to the Autho rity and Inspiration of the Holy Scrip iiin-R, have, by (Jod's infinite mercy, been completely dispelled. Luir ngo, when my mind first began to waver on these points, I appea'ei tu all friends for aid, whom I thought able and willing to assist in dispelling my doubts ; hut us the pro vidence ol G d willed i\ [ have bad, almost entirely, to labour for myself, slowly and paiufu ly making my way from darkuw to light. But now that the struggle is over, I nee cause to be thankful for this discipline, however sharp and severe it may have formerly appeared : for I am now perfectly secure of the conclusion to whi'-h I have arrived, being, as they are, the results of my own labour and thought, and not adopted at the suggestion of others. Another con sideration I must submit to your Lord ship iu reference to these matters, which f cannot but think to be of some import ance.— viz, that iu the beginning of my wanderings from the truth it was not tho Hoctiiiios of Christianity in themselves which presented difficulties to my mind, but the evideu cs on which those doc trines rested : so that my doubts were, if 1 may so say, respecting matters of his torical fact, not of doctrinal truth When once, therefore, historic doubts were re moved, I bad comparatively little diffi culty in at once attaining full confidence of belief in tbe doctrines of our holy religion. It it-, therefore, that without mental reservation, or tbe application of any force to my conscience, but heartily, sincerely— nay, eagerly and joyfully -I can and do now profesB my belief in the Trinity, the Innmia'inn of our Lord Jesus Christ, His wnrk of Atonement, the sane tiffing influences of God tbe Holy Ghost, und all other doctrines of Christian Faith. Most heartily, atsu. do I receive the Bible as the Word of God,— an containing ' nil things nsaessary to wilvatinn.' And indeed, so far as I »m now able to judge of tbe state of my mind in by-gone years, I never denied positively, or abjured any of tbeBe doctrines. The Rev. W. A Brooke will (with the sanction of the Bishop) preach in Trinity Church, Launcestou, on Thursday next ad derum. atid on the followingSunday morning, in the ordinary service of the Church, 'The Gift.'— We are very sorrow to learn that tbe Archdeacon of Launceston has been prevented from setting out on his projected mission iu the Straits by tbe serious illnesi of Mrs. Iteibey. VVc trust the cause may soon be removed. The Archdeacon requests us to say that he will publish an account of moneys re ceived ar.d expended for the mission, in tbe next number of this journal ; and also, the accounts of the Ripon Fund. The -ynod.— It will be observed that the next meeting of th« Synod is to be held on the 9th April, in Hobart Town ; there being, in the judgment of the Bishop, with the concurrence of his ' Council of Advice,' sufficient reasons for departing from the intention winch was at one time entertained of holding the next session in Launceslon. Ordination.-The Rev. K W. Kirkland was admitted to Priests' Orders at St. David's Cathedral on Quinquageaima Sunday. The solemn ' laying on of bauds was given by the Bishop in con junction with the Archdeacon of Hobart Town, and tbe Revs. F. H. Cox, It. U. Harris, F. Madspeth, and H B Broinby. .St. Paul's, Littuceston. — During tbe present season of Lent there will he a daily service at St Paul's Church Cleve land-street, commencing at 915, a m. Oener.il CIiup Ii Fund. — On referring to the balance-sheets of the two Finance Committees, it will be observed .hat the contributions within the Southern Arch deacoury, (not including State-aid money and receipts by Kile of (Jhurch News, and balance from 1864), amounted last year to £1123 about half of which, we under stand, was made up by the parishes which arc compelled to contribute thoir quota of ministers' stipends Similar con tributions in tbe Northern Archdeaconry amounted to tl35ti Mow great is the need (if increased aid to the Southern Committee, will appear from the report of their last meeting. Harvest Festivals. — The people of Gleuorcliy gave thanks for tbe ingather ing of their harvest on Saturday, the 10th instant. At in o'clock Morning Prayer was said, and the Holy Communion cele brated, iu the Church, which was very tastefully decorated with wheat, fern leaves, and illuminated texts ; and in the afternoon, there w.is a gre*t gathering in the grounds of the lion. T. Y. Lowes, Esq., where, after a special service had b en sung, and the Bishop had addressed the assembly, the lemainder of the day was spent in the enjoyment of Mr. Lowe's liberal hospitality, ami the amusements that had hucu provided for both old and youtiur This is the first festival of the kind th it bus been held on this side of the island There will be similar rejoic ings at Clarence 1'lains ou Thursday next. CAMPBELL TOWN. We related last in -mth the steps that had been taken iu regard to the charge brought against the Kev K. W. Kirkland by Dr. Valentine, -namely, that Mr 1C. had disobeyed the fourth Rubric prefixed to tbe Order of H-ly Communion. We have now to state that the preliminary enquiry conducted by tlie four Triers re sulted in an equal division of votes, two against two, as to whether or no the charge should he pronounced frivolous Upon this the - hurch Advocate gave his casting vote in favor of tho charge being proceeded with But before any other action could he taken. Ur, Valentine wrote to the Bi-bo|-, withdrawing from any further prosecution of the suit, in order that be i'igl-t not stand in the way of such 'peaceable adjustment of the difficulty' as might, he hoped, be brought about by tbe I isb'p's influence with Mr. Kirkland ; reserving to himself, at the same time, the right to take ' any other measures which the occasion might, in his opinion anpear to demand.' Upon this the liishop wrote to Dr Val entine as follows: — ' I h i\e in.w dune— what, but for yonr course ol 'action, I should have done at tlie beginning, — informed Mr Kirkland that I interpret the fourth Rubric as en joining the Priest to take the north side, mtol the front ? -f the Lord's Table, but of the T-.ble itself- I feel no difficulty, myself, as to its meaning, although many do who yet ere not party men. I have, however, more difficulty in regard to the position which tbe Minister should as sume at the Consecration 1'rtyei. He is re auired to stand before the Table to order w Bread and Wine, and nothing is said about bis return to the North side.' In the absence of such direction, if a Clergy man should prefer to remain before tbe Table during tbe Consecration, be could not (in the Bishop's opinion) be forbidden to do so. All that could be insisted on would be. that he should '' break the bread before the people.' which be could not do if ho turned his back upon them. It is to be hoped that this de- ision of the question will bo received with cheer ful acquiescence, both on the paitofMr Kirkland and of Dr Valentine, and that the question will now be set at rent. 