NATURE IN THE CURE OF DISEASE. II. BY JOHN M. STRACHAN, M.D. YOU will observe that the process I have described—the congestion, with its pain and swelling—the formation of matter, or bealing, and the granulations—are all parts of a healing process which it effected entirely by Nature without the assistance of Art. And in every case, when there ia nothing unusual to interrupt it, and when Katun get* fair play, wound* are healed in this way ; that ia to say, by Natura alone. It very often happens, howerer, that Art get* the credit of Nature's work. . ThU used to be : oftener the ease formerly than now. When I began practice, thirty years ago, nobody ever thought of leaving Nature to heal even the slightest wounds. Every person had his or her ; own healing nostrum. Some washed the part with whisky, and believed that the wlu*ky healed; some used Riga Balsam ; some put salt or nitre into the wound ; and there wire great varieties of healing salves ; —without some of which means, it was unversally believed no core , could be effected. And all of them, in the . estimation of their patrons, healod the .wound. No one dreamed ttat Nature perfomed the cure in total disregard of their applications. ; At a still earlier period, there was even a greater variety of healing salves and lotions. But, among the ancients, these were applied, not i to the wound, but to the sword or knife that had inflicted it. The instrument being I wrapped in the ointment, was put carefully ( *w*y> and the dressing changed daily j and this was found a very effectual way of healing wounds, —quite as effectual as any wehavo now! You laugh ; but I have a notion that the ghosts of these fathers of ours laugh in their sleeve* j (if ghosts have sleeves) at their descendant*, and are astonished at our absurdity in applying the filthy ointments, not to the knife or •word, | where they could do no harm, but to ttie wound itaelf, where they often do a great deal. Instead of a wound, let us suppose that some foreign substance—a thorn, a splinter of wood or a bullet—is lodged in any part of the frame, and that no remedial means are used: What would be the result? First, a flow of blood towards the part, or congestion. A certain amount of inflammation follows. This, in rare instances, U succeeded by a pouring out of coagulable lymph around the foreign substance, which gradually thickens and becomes a firm membrane, that fixe* the foreign body in its posi tion, and protects the neighboring parts. So bullets, and other substances, have been kept for life, doing little or no harm. But, in general, Nature is not willing to keep, but takes measures to get rid of such foreign bodies. Instead of coagulable lymph being thrown out, the process of suppuration is set up; matter is poured out, and certain changes in the surrounding parts are induced. Those textures further away from the external suriace become thickened and imperrious, so that the escape of the matter in that direction is prevented, whilst those textures between the foreign body and the surface become absorbed, and get thinner and thinner, till, at last, the matter reaches the surface, and escapes, carrying with it the cause of the eviL Then the cavity or abscess fills up by granulation, and v healed. Ton will thus observe that suppuration is also a work of Nature, and is not the result of your poultices, or any other treatment. I am not speaking of whether you can promote or modify the process by treatment. I merely wish to show you that it is a natural action by which, injurious substances are removed, and the in jured parts restored. If, instead of a wound, we have a bruise, let us examine what are Nature's operations. We shall suppose that the bruise is in the neighbor* hood of the dye, because there, on account of the thinness and transparency of the skin, we can see the changes that take place. The neighborhood of the eye being bruised, a considerable amount of pain, swelling, and red ness takes place. Soon the skin becomes of a dark blue colour. We have a black eye. The pain and swelling are caused by an increased flow of blood towards the injured part, and an exudation of lymph from the congested vessels into the cellular tissue. The discoloration is owing to the escape of blood, under the skin, from the small veins which have been raptured by the violence. Now, if nothing in the way of medical treatment be done—noDeefsteaks, no Solomon's seal, no sugar of lead lotion—do you think the person would have a black eye for life* No. After a time longer or shorter, according to the severity of the injury, certain changes would take place: the pain and swelling would diminish; the discoloration would become paler, change to a greenish, then to a yellow tint, and at last it would disappear, and all trace of the injury be lost. This is an example of what takes place after a bruise in any part of the body, although, from the thickness af the skin, the changes cannot be so well observed. If, however, the injury has been so severe as to. destroy any of the structures to such an e#ent as to render them unfit to be restored, then another action takes place, the destroyed • part loses its vitality, and aots like a foreign body, exciting inflammation in the .neighboring parts, and suppuration, by whioh it is thrown off in the way I have already described. I have only hitherto spoken of injuries produced by external violence; but there are many diseases the causes of whioh are from within, not from without, the body. For instance, inflammation oLa part may take place merer/ from an irregular flow of blood towards it. Cold applied to the surface may throw the blood on the internal organs, producing congestion, in which the part, or organ, is merely gorged with blood, causing swelling, and interfering with the performance of its functions. In general*, this state is quickly cured—the powers of nature are excited—the blood is thrown back to the surface, and the internal organs are relieved. But it sometimes happens that the congestion has been so great that some injury to the delicate structure of the organ has been produced, or, perhaps, by the engorgement of the blood vessels, a portion of the watery part of the blood has been forced through their thin walls i | and if this were left unrepaired it would lead to j great disorder. In this case, something similar happens to what takes place in the healing of I injuries. Inflammation is set up, accompanied | by pain and swelling—the absorbents are 1 excited to increased action, and so the fluid which has escaped is absorbed, and the injury ; done to the minute structure is repaired; but, 'if it be too great to be healed in this way, I suppuration is excited, and the matter gradually makes its way to the surface, carrying with it those particles of the structure which have lost their vitality. You will thus see that inflammation of ah internal organ is always, in reality, a healing process, and that its natural course is towards a cure. Ido not mean that, if left to itself, it will always end in recovery. lithe organ be one very necessary to life, such as the lungs, heart, or brain, the disorder of its functions produced by the healing action may be so great as to cause death. Neither do I mean that it will be right to leave it to itself, because, as I have I afterwards to show you, medical science may do much to moderate the action. But, at present, I merely wish you to see that in internal inflam mation there is a natural tendency to recovery. Allow me now to speak of another class of diseases, where poisons or injurious substanoes are taken into the system. Here, too, you will see the wonderful power of nature. The first provision for rejecting hurtful 1 substances is the sense of taste placed at the { entrance of food into the body, which often * leads to the rejection from the mouth of what . would be injurious. • But supposing the poison to have reached the : stomach, then it produces a train of remarkable' | actions—sickness, and at last vomiting, by which, I the natural movements of the stomach being reversed, the offending matter is expelled. You will observe that lam merely pointing out this as one of the means which Nature takes to ! remove noxious substances. Ido n<jt mean that I in this way Nature removes all poisons. On ls% j contrary, many do not excite vomiting at «sV , Still this action well deserves to be enumerated r F* 0?,?* ■"■"■■ * which *•""* P""*** i Bwrself beat semus isyny. Bast, ■» P«steav j aO»w ac tejstat osjts)»s«rU,otrt*k aj»dJ»V judged interference with this effort of Nature. How often people do their utmost to check Tomiting, when the proper treatment would be to encourage it, or, what perhaps is better, to let it alone. When the offending substance has got beyond the stomach, into the bowels, Nature does not five up the contest, but the effort for expulsion is exerted in a different direction. By an increased secretion from the mucous membrane, so as to wash out the bowels, and by an in creased action of the muscular fibres, the offending matter is carried onwards and expelled M soon as possible. This is the history of many bowel complaints; here, too, you will see the impropriety of rash endeavors to check Nature's operations. But let us suppose that the poison has got still further than either tho stomach or bowels —that it has been absorbed into the blood. Even then, Nature is not vanquished. Intoxication from alcohol is a state of blood poisoning with which you are all familiar. In it, the alcohol, being absorbed from the stomach and bowels, is carried into the blood, and, whilst there, disorders the functions of almost every organ of the body. We see its action on the brain by the disturbance of the intellect—on the spinal marrow by the irregular action of the muscles, It benumbs the sensations, and alters nearly all the secretions. If this state were to continue for life, what a serious matter it would be! And so it would continue, if Nature had no means of getting rid of the poison. . Any alcohol remaining in the stomach might be removed by the stomach-pump, or an emetic ; but science teaches no way of removing the alcohol circulating in the blood, and it is that which produces the disorder. If any one, for the first time in his life, were to see a person drunk, he would think him laboring under ,a serious malady; and if told that it was caused by a poison circulating in the blood, which no art could remove, he would think it a hopeless case. But it is not so. We know from to great fami liarity, that the malady is curable, and that it is so because Nature takes measures to expel the poison by the lungs—by the skin—by the secretions, till the blood is restored to its former purity. In a similar way, other poisons are removed from theblood. Sometimes for medical purposes we introduce mercury or arsenic into the system, where it produces great derangement, which would be fatal if continued. But Nature, in its own way, gradually removes the poison. Ton will observe that in all those instances where the poison has been purposely introduced into the system, Art can do very little for its • removal. But although Art is powerless, or nearly so, Nature is all-powerful. la alcohol poisoning it is removed in a definate period—a few hours removes the most of it, and a few days removes all trace. Mercury and arsenio take a longer time; but still they are ultimately removed. There are many diseases which appear to be blood-poisonings. Typhus fever, scarlet fever, ■mall-pox, measles, hooping cough, and probably all epidemics, are of this nature. Now, if you consider how Nature conducts her self in those cases where we purposely introduce the poison, yon will como to understand how ■he also removes those other poi.*ov s. wo are now ■peaking of. You are familiar «itfi the fact that Nature, unaided, often does remove these poisons. Many mild cases of measlfs, scarlet fever, and hooping cough, are left to Nature, and in a definite period are cured. You are not so well aware, because you do not so dearly see it trjed, that, even in severe cases of these oomplaints, Nature is sufficient also for their removal. But medical men know well that even in the severest cases, if curable at all, it is chiefly or entirely Nature that performs the cure. Medical skill, in such severe cases, may do much to aid Nature, or rather to prevent her efforts being thwarted, and so may conduce to the cure ; but it is Nature's powers alone that removes the poison from the system, and repairs the injuries it may have effected. 