. DAILY ISSUE. ?-o MONDAY, 29m OCTOBER, 18(56. IT is the full-moon again in mining, and everybody is mad-madder than March hares. We are all mad; no, not all-not mad that is from a purely money-making point of view. There are some men very shrewd yet, so far as that is concerned, the full-moon madness about, notwithstanding. Fortunes have been made, or are being made, in this Corner charivari, and the great crash has not yet come. Possibly some promoters of arch angelic power of morality are making honest I fortunes; and it is, of course, possible, that no such celestial visitors are known at the j Corner. The Unicorn passage has no tradi I tions of that sort that we know of, nor has Messrs Broadbent and Co.'s Exchange been enlivened, to our knowledge, by anything so superlatively transcendental. There is no hint of anything of the sort in any of the multitudinous new prospectuses flying about like locusts, and pitching upon everything "greon." We suppose, therefore, that the present paroxysm is very liko that of a yeai' or two ago, and will soon be followed by similar consequences. The old wounds suf fered in that struggle have only just healed over in some cases, and in others stili fester and smart. But as in military affairs, so in this-there is ever a new crop of victims growing up-food for the powder which pro moters and the victims' own lust for " a chance" so readily provide. The roulette is on the move again, and down go the " pre miums" as fast as the prospectuses can be thrown out by the printers. So much on the red, so much on the green, so much on the blue; and so on "till all is blue." The great prospectusing dice-box is being shaken again. The rattle i3 heard day and night, Sundays and week days, at the Corner, in public-houses, private houses, in banks, coaches, railway trains, boats and ships, and wherever a love or a hatred of gambling can be found. Quarrels, lights, black eyes, wars of words, suits at law and in equity, ruptures of private friendship, bartering of truth and honesty for aii sorts of shabby pos sibilities of winning shabby gains-these are only the current accompaniments of the raving madness of the hour. There are other things to come when the crisis comes, be that soon or late. With th6 collapse of the big bubbles now blown off by the harpies of prospectusing genius, there will come again filing of schedules in insolvency, filing of suits and actions in the courts, and revelations of all sorts of lying and fraud and deceit, sharp and shabby and loathsome as any that made so many of the things in the last fever stink in the nostrils of ali honest people. These things are brewing every day and night in ail sorts of places, and by an infinite variety of only one sort of persons-unscru pulous money-seekers. Infinite gradations of immorality, of course, mark the operations of that sore of people, for all are not equally thick-skinned in their consciences. We, however, have neither the power nor the desire to parcel out judgments in these matters, and can only deal with some things that float upon the surface of the dark and uial-odorous flood of speculation that is now carrying upon its turbid waves so many ven tures that will by no clever enginery escape utter wreck and destruction. .Knowledge is of no avail in this matter, for the wisdom still lingers though the knowledge of what is more than possible has already come. Ad venturers will dare the risk and its conse quences, and so far so good and fair. Nobody reasonably finds fault with that bara state of facts. The madness is not in that, but in the pushing of the game of chance beyond the bounds of prudence and reasonable probability. Ihat limit once passed, up spring the dark hosts of the dishonest, the unscrupulous, the reckless, dragging in their wake the full-moon lunatics who fly at every quarry heedless of results. A rich tract of ground has been discovered by the Sir William Don Company, and that dis covery ha3 begotten speculation reasonable, legitimate, honest speculation. The discovery in question has led to an advance in mining beyond the earlier advance which led the mere gutter-worker of the past to test the reefs immediately contiguous to the gutter. Our golden renown as the metropolitan gold field is now receiving an additional burnish ing in the revelation of rich auriferous tracts of as yet undefined extent, and promising to be more like the wide and generally rich deposits of a shallow field than either a lead or a lead with a moderately wide and paying reef. Adventures in and adjacent to this tract of ground are obviously legitimate. There is a basis of golden fact in the dis coveries already made to build upon, and, apart from the many "little games" in the scramble for claims in that locality, the speculation must be admitted to be healthy and promising-so promising indeed that unless current probabilities are to be belied by actual experiment, there is a more highly prosperous future for " old Ballarat" than had oeen looked for by even hopeful believers in the resources of this gold field. But it is notorious that speculation has now gone far beyond that bound of reasonable adventure which we have referred to. Upon that rational game of chance-for all mining of necessity partakes more or less of that character-the game of reckless gambling has now supervened. There lies the mad ness which is as surely the precursor of another crisis and panic, as that coming col lapse will surely bring with it ruin to many a household, and for a season a bad name to the district. Capital is flowing in plenti fully, as the gold yield from the good ground is stimulating fair adventure, and so the hangers on upon the Corner have begun their work again. Any nook or corner, no matter how unlikely to be remunerative, is seized upon and prospectused in hope of catching a little of the gold that is above the ground, not boneath it. With these unscrupulous " promoters" of the needy sort there coalesce very often men of means. Neither one nor the other has the remotest idea of mining, of course, but only to get premiums in the first instance, and thereafter what profits may be got out of possible ad vances in a paroxysmal condition of the mar ket. In the general and highly mercurial lunacy that prevails there are whole hordes of small fry drawn into the vortex created by the whirl of each new project. Clerks, brokers, jobbers, tradesmen, farmers, miners, " bankers, merchants, and others," all classes of society have their " little go" or their " big go," according to and often beyond ac cordance with their means; the whole popu lation, nearly, catches the infection, and there upon the excitement waxes hotter and hotter, and the madness madder and madder. The market is alternately bulled, and beared, and rigged; and the aggregate of frauds, small and great, will, we fear, be found to im mensely exceed the proportion of straight forward and legitimate speculation. The wily ones bag their " promoters' " premiums, and possibly some fow gains beyond, in the shape of advances in the market, and they sell out and cast about for fresh shams to prospectus. No time is lost, for these shrewd practitioners know very well that they must make their hay while the moon shines at the full, and hence the electric rapidity with which new projects appear during the preva lence of the epidemic. And all this because a few really promising claims have been taken up in contiguity to the proved ground discovered by the Sir William Don Company. That is tho Bimple naked fact which has cauaed all this ex citement, which has drawn out of their natural dens the foul things that prey upon the gullible or the gambling ones, which has made possible the success with which the prospectus-mongers extract gold from the pockets of their prey, and leave fools to seek gold in the paper Dorados, or go about more honest work, sadder and poorer, and it may be wiser men. We do not hope to arrest the march of this present unreason. It i3 a real madness, and will only be cured as the air clears of its present contagion. There will be calls to pay, " little bills" heavily dis counted to meet, and exigent bankers and tradesmen to pacify by-and-by, and then, in that fierce wind of fateful pressure the heaps of prospectus-mongers' chaff will disappear, and the golden grain of legitimate adventure will alone be left behind. Around that solid residuum there will, however, lie a wilder ness of wrecked fortunes, and about that howling waste there will hover the gibing ghosts of lost hopes and deposits, while the cloven-footed ghouls who sucked the pecuni ary blood of tho gulled and gambling loser3 will seem to grin horribly in the desolation of the return of reason and reality with the advent of protested bills, collapsed ventures, sheriffs' officers, and petitioning creditors in winding-up suits. The end is not yet come, but it is coming, and if anything we have said may help in ever so small a degree to lessen the ruinousness of the collapse our aim will have been attained. We have purposely avoided saying anything in respect of recent decisions in the Court of Mines, which have given so great an impetus to what is called residence area jumping, because until tho appeals to the Chief Mining Judge are heard, it would be simply useless to give a " lay" opinion on the merits of the case. 