A GHOSTLY APOi; SCARY. (FROM THB "WHITEHAET 3 Jonor J nr "CHAMBEBS'B ?lock. iiuilinm was becoming It was very past incol^ent elevety - I was tired, and 1 wou,d llave vet wakeful. I du^ given five I pounds at that indent to have been well out of the business* to have be® 11 ' n bed and asleep in mv/ ondon lodgings, secure from interruption?}' an y possible perturbed spirit. Just then " ot " started up with a scream ; a bell in corner of tbe room in which we were sif°f? began to ring violently. Huxham turned as a sheet, and 1 fancy there wag/ot much color in my aivn face at the m,/ent. 1 took up a candle. " We must \- irom what part of tbe bouse this bell is ng," I said. But Tluxbam sat nuite still, followed tbe direction of the bell-wire; it went out of tbe room, along the passage, through tbe well at the back. Eviden tly, it was rung by some one outside in the stable vard; or could it be that a bough of ivy had become twisted in tbe wire without, and then, swaying in tbe wind, bad so rung the bell ? It was not probable, still it was possible. 1 own I felt a strong disinclination to unbar the back door and look out into the stable-yard, especially as Iluxhara, though quite sobered by his fright, seamed so little disposed to aid lue or back me up in any way. He remained rooted to bis seat. However, I determined to be rid of the annoyance of the bell at any rate. I should never need a bell ringing from the back of the bouse. I mounted on a chair, twisted the wire—it was very rusty—and snapped it. At all events, I had cut the perturbed spirit off from Hint method of vexing me. All was again quiet. I mixed another glass of brandy and water. I began to breathe more freely. Huxham seemed more himself. " Well, we've stood it, both of us, very well as yet," he said. " It's lucky we're both of us good-plucked ones." We were at peace for a quarter ol an hour or so. Huxham was beginuing to talk of body-snatching again. Suddenly we both looked up to I he ceiling. There was certainly the noise as of some one walking up aud down, up and down, in the great room on the first floor over our heads— a heavy, solemn footfall. "It's old Jugby's tread!" gasped Huxham with an oath (Jugby was the name of the suicide landlord of the u White Hart). You're never going upstairs ?" " I am," I said, somewhat tremulously. I took a candle, and went upstairs. 1 turned the handle of die door of the great room. The footsteps had ceased. The door was fastened; or rather, it seemed to me, was held by some one, or somrthing, from within. I pushed against it, but it did not yield. Just then, there came the sharp noise as of the frontdoor of the house slammed to violently. I ran down stairs. I found that Huxham had vanished ; be had had enough of it. I could bear him running down the silent High-street as fast as he could go. I waited for a moment. My heart was beating with a painful turbulence. I was tempted to imitate Huxham, and make my escape. Then I thought of our Middlesex views about ghosts; that they proceeded from the stomach, were due to disordered digestion, ganglionic disturbances, inactivity of the liver. I resolved to be true to tbe Middlesex theories, whatever might liappcn. Besides, had I not decided to make a practice in Noddington ? I went upstairs again, the candle in one hand, the poker in the other, to smash open, the door, if need was. However, the <5oar opened readily ; upon my touching it. The room was •empty.' Its aspect was entirely the same as when I had left it earlier in the day, except that it seemed more cold, and damp and draughty than ever. Presenty, I iound a reason for this; the window looking into the stableyard was open. Now, T was pretty certain in my own mind that when I had last seen it it had been closed. I glanced towards the chandelier-hook. I was, I admit, relieved at finding that tbe chandelier-book had nothing' banging from it. I looked out into the stable-yard, but could see nothing, hear nothing, except that at some little distance a dog was baying miserably. I closed the window, but, doing so, I noticed that it was without any fastening. I went down stairs again. I felt uneasy in my mind; I couldn't satisfactorily account to ni3'self for the footsteps I had plainly heard. Yet, as I thought ovtr it, I began to form a theory on the subject; and I convinced myself that I shonld be no more troubled that night. I hatred my door carefully, however, and after waiting an hour or two, and feeling at last a sort of superstitious comfort at hearing an early cock crow, I went to bed, and slept tolerably. Noddington stirred itself a little concerning me on the following morning. But I had pre-arranged"my line of conduct; 1 I was calm, discreet, reserved. Huxham, I found, had been setting afloat a preposterous account of "his adventures; but I ignored Hoxham. I averred that he had gone home much inebriated at an early hour; and Noddington, notwithstanding its desire to credit the fact that something marvellous had in truth' occurred, had yet unquestioning belief in the " inebriety of its sexton. The statement thatil had slept as sound as a top, it was much less disposed to accept. Mr. Mumford was fcongratulatory. He was glad to, find that ostensible tenant had at last been secured for ffie White Hart. Dr. Blossop -was kind enough to' express his,pleasure at tbe fact that a bard-headed London medical manliad come dpwn to Noddington to send to the right-about all the' absurd fables that liad been rife about the place a great deal too long. Other Noddingtonians were heard to state, that for all my brave talk I looked mighty pale.. The Red Lion, I may-mention, was of this opinion ; and ho did not change bis vieWs probably when he found me purchasing -another bottle of brandy to comfort me during my second night in the White Hart Tnb. • The excitement through Noddington during the day brought a little business to the surgeiy : I dispensed a blue pill and black draught, I strapped up a cut finger, and L applied some Jinimrmt to a contused wound on-a child's leg. I began to think that, ghost or no.ghost, I was beginning to make n practice. Towards evening, I found Huxham eyeing, me very wistfully. "I don't think I quite finished tbe last story about the body-snatching," he said. It was clear bis fondness for brandy and water predominated for the moment even over his dread of ghosts; but I resolutely declined bis companionship. "When night came, I locked up the house carefully, and/lighted my candles in the surgery'late die bar-parlor j but I did not remain there. Leaving the candles burning, I went up, without a light, to the great room;, the window of which was closed. I took up \- jnV&tatioii; in « corner of the room.; I' had i jJft^okerwjth mb, tvith -veiy vague notions I as to what { .intended to do with it ; but it i sepmed to me that the possession of some sort of weiqwn, of oflence or defence, was decidedly desirable. It had struck eleven o'clock. The time passed very slowly. It was rather miserable work waiting in that great, cold, dark room for the advent of tbe perturbed spirit. I was sorely tempted to steal back to my surgery, and refresh myself with another dose of the Red Lion brandy. I began to wish that I had not taken upon myself to prescribe for the White Hart ghost After all, strictly speaking, a general practitioner had no right to be regarding a ghost as a patient. It was no part of my duty to be curing Noddington of its haunted house. 1 was just deciding in my own mind that it was "a pity I had ever beard of Noddington, or ever dreamed of settling there with the view of making'a practice, when distinctly there was the sound of some one crossing the stable-yard without, then a curious rustling of the ivy; a shadow darkened the window; then cam'e a rush of cold night air into tbe room; the window opened slowly, noiselessly a leg appeared, then another, then n whole body. A man stepped into the room. He was close to me. Stretching out my arm, I could have hit him with the poker; certainly I could have touched him. 1 could hear him breathing. Ho paused for a moment, as though to recover himself after his exertion of climbing into the room; then lie began to walk with a firm, heavy, solemn footfall up and down, up and down the middle of the deserted room; and it seemed to me that he trod with especial weight when he came to that part of the room which was over my surgery, where, possibly, he presumed me to be sitting. Was I frightened ? Never mind whether I was or not. For some minutes I was certainly irresolute as to what eomse I should adopt. One thing I was pretty clear about—it was not a ghost I had to deal with it was a living man. At last, I made up my mind what to do. As he paced down the room, I followed him stealthily, so that when, arriving at the opposite wall, bn turned to pace again, he met me face to face in the dark. He stopped, started, gave a scream, threw up his hands, and staggered back, falling heavily on the floor. 1 went up to hiin. The man had fainted. I ran down staii-s, to return immediately with a candle and a tumbler of water. I threw away the poker; I had no further need for that. In a minute I was untying a stiff white cravat, and sprinkling water on the pale face of—Dr. Blossop. Presently, he revived a little. "The ghost! the ghost!" he moaned feebly, shivering. It was clear—a spurious ghost himself—lie had taken me for the genuine article, and the misconception had considerably disturbed his nervous system. " Similia, similibux, eurantitr," I said. " An infernal homaiopathist," he muttered. Even at such a moment professional prejudices strongly possessedhim. " Nothingoftuekind;asrcspectable an allopatliist as you are; more respectable, if you come to that. This is very pretty conduct, Dr. Blossop." " Don't expose me," he whined piteously, "there is a dear, good, kind young man. For heaven's sake—for my poor dear child." He was well enough presently to come down into tbe surgery. He was very humble and contrite; be confessed everything: ho had been tbe ghost of the White Hart; he had climbed his garden wall, and made his way into the great room by the help of the broken pump and the ivy; he had been in the habit of walking down, heavily, After the manner of Jugby the suicide—sometimes he had even brought his dog-chain, and rattled it, by way of being additionally terrible ; he had rung the bell from the stableyard. And his motive ? Well, it had arisen years back. It bad then been a matter of vast importance to him to prevent any other medical man from settling in Noddington; and he had commenced to haunt the White Hart—the only empty house i n the place. H is plan bad succeeded. He had kept away bis rivals; he bad ruled supreme for many years —Noildington's only medical man—until I had come, and detected him, compelling him to give up the ghost indeed! But why, 1 asked, had he not permitted the auctioneer, the lawyer, the retired linendraper, to occupy the White Hart peaceably ? Why had he haunted them, who could prejudice or interfere with him in no possible way 1 Well, he was afraid suspicion would be excited, and would attach to him, if it were found that the ghost only disturbed medical men. He therefore had been compelled to treat all tenants alike. And then he admitted that he had felt a sort of pleasant exekement in haunting the White Hart and alarming its inmates. If I only knew how dreadfully dull Noddington was, he declared I should appreciate the importance of obtaining entertain ment in any shape. But he was prepared to confess that his conducthad been very shameful ; that he Lad treated Ime very iU—the more so, that no real reason existed now for his desire to keep other practitioners out of Noddington. And he intimated.that he had feathered his nest very satisfactorily—that he had no need to, fear .opposition—that he was advancing in' life—and soon thought of retiring altogether from practice. He ended by again imploring me not to expose him; in deed, I forgave him. I am, I fear, absurdly good-natured; and then he promised to advance my interests, and to make all. possible amends. We had a glass of brandy and water together, and became very good friends. I remained in Noddington; and the talk about the White Hart. being haunted began gradually to die away. I had effected a cure. By and by, Dr. Blossop made me an offer of a partnership, aud I'accepted it. Since then, 1 have been doing very well indeed. In the" beginning woman .consisted of a single rib. Now she is all ribs, from her belt to the rim of her petticoats. A little hoy five years old, while writhing under the tortures of the ague, was told by his mother to rise up, and take a powder she had prepared for him. " Powder, powder!" said he, rising upon bis elbow, and putting on a roguish smile, " mother, I aint a gun 1" A friend in South America writes to us that he is now spending a month with a farmer who owns a thousand miles of pasture, and a patch of earn larger than Scotland, while he has got so many cattle that he has to boil the fodder for them in a volcano. A good deal of die consolation offered in th6 world is about as solacing as the assurance of tbe man to his wife when she fell into the river: "You'll find ground at the bottom, my dear." An innkeeper observed a postilion with only one spur, and inquired (die reason. " Why, what would bo the tise of another?" said the postilion, "if one side of the horse goes the other can't stand still." 