WE3LEYAN METHODIST CHURCH. An ordination service was held on Monday evening, in the Kent Town Jubilee Church. The service was commenced by the President of the Conference, who eave out the 7444 hvmn. com mencing— 'ihe Saviour when to Heaven he rose;' the Rev. S. Wilkinson engaged in prayer. The candidates for ordination were presented by the Rev. H. H. Gaud, the Secretary of the Confer ence, who briefly stated that the Rev. J. Whewell, though he had laboured in the mission field for several years, had not had any previous oppor tunity of receiving ordination, and that the Kev. J. Allen had been duly examined before the Conference and received into full cennexion. The President then called on the candidates to give an account of their conversion, experience, and call to the ministry. Mr. Whewel& described his early religious itu pressions, and detailed the circumstances of his conversion. He became a local preacher in his 17th year, in which capacity he laboured for about five years, and was blessed with success in his efforts to save souls. Having long shrunk from the task, he entered the ministry in 1852. An afflction led him to the Friendly Islands, where, amid discouragements and trials, he had received many blessings. His present feeling was— 'Thy will be done.' Mr. Allen was greatly indebted to Sabbath school instruction. He was convinced of sin when aoout iz years old, soon alter obtained tne Diessmg of pardon, and united himself with the Wesleyan Church. He had endeavoured to follow the leadings of Providence, and, at the request ef the Church, took upon himself the work of calling sinners to repentance. After labouring for five years as a local preacher he was called to the full work of the ministry, had often been blessed while preaching, and earnestly desired the prayers of the congregation. The Ordination Service from Mr. Wesley's Ab ridgement of the Liturgy was read by the Rev. the President, after which a hymn was sung, and the candidates, kneeling at the altar, received the im position of hands. To each of the candidates the usual Bible was presented. The sacrament of the lord's Supper was then administered to the ministers wno noa iaxen pan in me orainauon and the newly-ordained ministers. Part of the hymn 'Gave me the faith which can remove,' was sung, and the ex- President (Rev. J. S. Waugh) proceeded to deliver tbe ordination charge. He said he would offer but few remarks, but would endeavour to stir up their minds by way of remem brance. Their fathers and brethren congratulated them on their position. They were now set apart, and he now said to them. In the name of God, go preach the Word; be instant hi season and out of season. The Christian ministry to which they had been ordained was to be exercised in connection with theWealeyan Methodist Church; and after years of study of herdoctrineanddiscipjine they had given themselves to the service of God in her communion. Their preaching shouid be perspicuous, every word having meaning in it rejecting useless metaphors and mere ornamentation. The vice of plagiarism was the vice of the lazy, and its mere mention would be enough for caution. They Bhould read books for thought wherewith to enrich their sermons, but take the fine gold that authors furnish andmeltit down in the crucible of their owh reflec tions. They should be commended by the con sciences of their hearers. The pulpit of such a preacher would be a throne of power. There was the pastoral office, also, including the administra tion of sacraments and maintenance of godly disci pline. They must take care of the young in the flock, paying attention to Sunday schools. They must visit the people of their charge as the fnend cf then; souls; much BO-called pastoral visitation was useless, and a waste of time. They must follow the indolent to stir them up, the sick to comfort them, and the erring that they might restore them. The pastoral visitation, if duly attended to, would be of incalculable advantage in other duties. They must take care of their piety, retaining spirituality of mind, showing 'Holiness to the Lord'' impressed on all their conduct for they that bear the vessels of the Lord rpuBt be pure. If they were not holy men how coufd they expect to receive the Holy Ghost] Yet without thi3 they wnnlrt he as soundinz brass or a tinkling cymbal. He prayed that the Holy Ghost might now descend upon them. , , A deeply-solemn feeling pervaded the crowded assembly during the delivery of the eloquent and impressive charge, of which the above is but a meagre outline; and at its close a general response followed the rev. gentleman's closing petition. Another hymn was then sung, and the liev. J. Calvert concluded with prayer. Reckless Driving.— On Monday afternoon, Mrs. Wilson, residing on North- terrace, close to Chalmers Church, while crossing the road near her own house with her little girl, about three years old, was knocked down and run over by a passing cart belonging to Mr. Calder, baker. Rundle-stieeL The boy who was driving did not stop to render assistance; but Mrs. Wilson was taken home and immediately attended by Dr. Mayo, who found her much bruised upon the right temple. The child also had received some severe abrasions on the face. 