AD RIANA. By Jean Boncceur. [FROM ONOB A WEEK.] CHAPTER VIII. The old nurse was dropping off to sleep in her chair; the wind whistled and shrieked round the house ; tho clock struck — one, two, three. There came a tap at the nursery door. ' May I come in ?' Tho old nurse half rousedhersolf, but tho effort was too great, and she closed her eyes more firmly than ever. Adrtana, intent on her watch over Charley, heard nothing until u hand was left upon her arm, 'Miss Linden:' ' Mr Etheredge !' 'You are killing yourself ; go and get some rest. I will watch Charley. Let me see, what night is this V 'I do notknow.' 'You cannot stand this ; you must be tired.' 'Tired I' repeated Adriana, with a slight intona tion of contempt. ? 'Yos, tired,' reiterated Mr Etheredgo, calmly. ' Go, and I will watch.' 'No.' ' I can manage admirably ; Charley is vory fond of me.' The child moved uneasily on his pillow, and breathed convulsively. Mr Etheredgo instinctively stooped forward, and raised him ; Charley lifted his feeble arm as if to push him back, and began to moan. ''' Adriana stood aside for a moment, and tho child continued tossing about, strotching out his hands ?as if in search of some one, and- still uttering a low wailing ory. . j ' Hush, darling, hush,' said Adriana, smoothing tho pillow, and laying her face down' by his. The touch and tone seemed to have a soothing influence ; the little hands dropped clown and the 'cr.^.. ceasod. ?. ... . . ? , ' ' You see you can do nothing,' said Adriana : . ... 'But, Miss Linden, you will be worn out.' ? ? 'Worn out : I am not even sleepy,': and she raised her eyes steadily. The largo brown honosfc eyes ! she must havo, been looking in that way when the picture was taken. Mr Etheredge looked at her compassionately : she had never noticed any likeness between tho haif-brothors until that moment. ? 'Go, please go; no one shall nurse Charley but myself,' she said, impetuously. Mr Etheredge went. The lull of the voicea ; roused the nursa. . ??.-?..? ???'? ??? ????? ' I was dreaming that the master was here.': ; : ' Mr Etherodgo has beeu here, wanting to take caro of Charley.' . ? ' '????' ' ' They're like and not like,' continued ' the :old nurse, absorbed in the musings that seemed to have been suggested by her dreams. ' You've never seen the master, Miss Linden ; a more lightsomer lad than Master Charles nevor trod the earth. Mr Richard was always the steady one, as grave as a' judge, or graver ; but, I don't know how it is, they seem to have changed places. Master Charles is the quiet one now ; Mr Richard is more sprightly-like than he used to b'o. I don't know, but his voice sounds more liko what Master Charley's did'; it came into my dream, I think, and made me fancy that I heard the master!' 'Have you lived long in thofamily?' asked Adriana, longing to hear more, yet afraid to ask any questions. 'I came here when Master Charles was 'a baby less than the little one j'onder. Ah, how time slips away! Thooldnursery looks just as it.did ; yon is the very cot he used to sleep in,, in the;old' times, when I sat watching him as we're watching little Master Charley now.' And the old woman seemed relapsing into another doze. . , 'Won't you have a cup of tea, nurse?!' said Adriana. ' Yes; and it will jusb refresh, me, and' keep me awake a bit ; and you must lie down, and get a bit of sleep. Miss Linden.' : ' 'Presently, but I am not sleepy yet,' answered Adriana, not knowing. how to bring back the1 old woman to the broken train of thought she had been pursuing. ' It's four o'clock. Mrs Braddick. will want to know how Charley is ; she has not been in since eleven.' ? .???... 'Ah, and Mrs Braddick too. How days go by : ? it was a long engagement, from children almost, for Miss Margaret waB here more than at her own home ; and Mrs. Cunningham's heart was fixed upon it. It's seldom that people have things happen just as they wish ; but it turned out just to hor mind, and every one was so pleased that there was not a saul but thought it was just as was best, and things don't often happen so that no ono finds fault .with them, and no one did with that wedding.' -J' If the old nurse could have looked into her oom panion's heart at that moment her ramblings would have been cut short by very astonishment ; but she saw nothing but a very pale face, with dark attentive eyes that seemed to invite her to go on; : There is something fascinating in being listened to, and ; so the old woman evidently felt; she .poked the fire complacently, sipped the cup of tea. Adrians had poured out for her, then, slowly stirring the spoon round and round, she resumed : ...... ' Mr Charles was away for long together before his marriage ; I don't know that he was ill when he was away or what, and the more company \, Mrs Cunningham used to get together to cheer him up, the worse it seemed to make him.' Adriana's heart was beating half triumphantly. 'And so at last,' continued tho nurse, ' it came to be so dull when over he came, that Mrs Cunningham thought it must be that his marriago was as far off as ever ; for you see, Miss Linden, ho liad not much of his:owni it was all tho mistross's ; and so she said he should nH have to wait, she would make it all over to him, arid he must allow her so much a year out of it, for he was her lavorite son, and she did not mind .what she gava up for him. And like enough it was .that ho should be sorrowful, for Mis') Margaret was ,a handsome young lady ; there were few like her in tie countrj . Mr Charles said he could wait, and begged hie mother not .to do anything ; but she knew him better than he knew himself ; and so she had the lawyers, audit was all settled, and so there was no reason why thoy should not be married then.' Adriana, hid her face, arid gave a half groan. Nurse Alisou looked up in surprise and hah! alarm. ' You are ill ; I know you are, Miss Linden : do lie down.' 'Not to-night ; the danger will be over to-night. See, Charley's restless ; aud the doctor said every thing : depended on a quiet sleep.' ' ' ' The child tossed his arms dbout, moaning irioeB santly ; his breathing was hurried, his oheoks we're burning, ho would not lie still in any position. Adriana lifted him out of the cot, threw a sha\\)rl round him, and took him in her arms. She rocked him gently, and sung in a soft low voice, and before long he was quietly asleep again. ??:!;. . ?. ; ''Put him into his cot, Miss Linden:. you'll be wearied enough before he wakes.' ' ' No, uo, iu will rouse him up if I move; just put something round me, for it is very coldl.' ''.''. The nurse folded a dark plaid carefully round Adriana, and placed a pillow behind her head. 'You're as white as a ghost, Miss Linden.; and not muoh more substance either,' said she, as she sat down on her own side of tho fire again. ; Adriana dosed hor eyes, but not to sleep ; she was bn:y shutting out the present and driving back her thoughts into the long past' 'Sad and sorrowful, sad and sorrowful,' the words rang through her heart. It was a wild mournful cadence at' first rous ing up bitter feelings ; but as' it went on, ' sad. ' arid sorrowful, sad and sorrowful,' the words ran into a soothing melody, like the gentle ' rippling : of a stream, and calmed down the bitterness, and ' her heart was softenod. He too might have had sorrow, regret, perhaps, even remorse. 'God. forgive mo!' burst from hor lipa. It was the first prayer she had uttorod for many a day. 'Miss Linden, dear,' said the old nurso. Adriana opened her eyes, and gazed dreamily at her. 'Oh, dear!' said tho old woman, 'she's wander ing. Miss Linden ?' ' Did I say anything, nurse?' asked Adriana. 'Forgive ? ' began Nurso Alison. ' Ah,' said Adriana, ' forgive ! — why should I forgive? I havo no one to forgive; the music was veiy pleasant.' ..: '? Dear, dear ! I knew this would b-- the end of it,' said tho nurso. 'Missf Linden, dear, you're dreaming ; 'try to rouse up. Tho doctor's aoming ; I hear his ring, and Master Charley's in a sweet sleep. He's safe, Miss Linden ; feel his little heart hb\v quiet it beats, and his skin is moist, and all the scai'let flush is gono. Hark! he's coming up. Miss Linden, Miss Linden !' Adriana was listening now, for as the footsteps ap proached, voices came too, and there was another voice bosides the doctor's and Mr Etheredge's ; tho door opened quickly but noiselessly, and a slight gentlemanly-looking man with, sorrowful eyoa bent over tho sleeping' child, ' : ? . ?_ . ;:.::i' Charley, my.boy, my 'boy 1' . ' . ?'?? ?'? :' '-:.::su j 'Safe!' murmured Adriana,. placing the. child in ? his father's arms.' ' ' ' '' ' ' i' '/The 'master I' ejaculated the old nurse. 'Master, Charley's safe, .sfr\' ? ' ;- .??'?? ?'?''--?? ';,.'-. \\\ ''Safe,' repeated the doctor, who had entered the room,1 'but here is another patient for me.1' ?.?-? ; Adriana had fainted. .'.'.'. \- '? 'No wonder, :poor. thing !' said the old ' nurse ; '. V. she's had no Bleep these three nights, for Master \- Charley would go to no .one else.' ? Mrs -Braddick and Mrs Cunningham were in the: room now. The doctor was applying restora ..tives. Adriana half iiuclosed her eyes, and gave ''a, . shudder. . # . ''?''? ''Better take^her to her own: room,' said he ; and he lifted Adriana gently from her seat. As he did so. the comb drotroed from her ? hair, and the long golden waves fell over his arm. . ; Mr Braddick started^ ' What recollections did that golden hair bring1 up ? — surely that senseless pale face was familiar to him. .,..'.. '?'(',, ' Miss ; Linden ! has she nursed Charley?' ; ? ,-s' .'Of course, my -, dear Charles',', said Mrs Brad '; dick ; 'she.is the governess,, and Charley is very fond'of her.' -. . ; ' The governess !— Miss Linden?' : ,:? ''Yes, Mny- dear ; I don't ? see anything strange in -it. -.- She' is'a most. excollent young person, and /wo are all very fond of her — all except Richard, I may ?'say.' . Mr ..Etheredge ? gave one: of his peculiar. smiles, ? but said 'nothing. . .The plot was becoming clearer ? to him 'j1 the third act was past, what was to ? come 'next? '?'??;^ ???..:?????????, . ? -...-. ?; ? r. ' Adriana had been taken to her : own room, and the I stately Mrs Cunningham herself had laid, the weary 'hea'p'on'the pillow. :: ??????'?:: ?/!.?.' ' ;. i ,;-.' We owe her much,' said she,' 'but for. her un wearied exertions we might have lost poor -little 'Charley. I will sit here awhile, Alison,' she . con .'iKriiiHrV:. 'Rfifirl Ann a n.+. Kiy o'clock. ;and then' I 'will ?- lie down till breakfast time.' ???;-.,.'- .,? }?:. \ ' 'As six struck, and she was crossing the passage: to ' her o\?d ro'orii, Mr Etheredge met her. ' ' b. if.' How iS'Miss Linden, mother?' : : ;; : ..' ii'f -The -doctor says her pulse is quieter, and that she may sleep away the danger of fever, but is very much exhausted.' ?','?' ,,.,'.': ';'.' ,;;, ohaptee ix. '?'?',';?. r .. . At ten o'clock Adriana was still sleeping. ?? The kindly old doctor had looked in, desired that she might notbe disturbed, and Mt a composing draught to be given to her when she awoke. But sho slept on till the girl who had been left to watqh her began to be afraid- that the quiet white face, slept the deep '''slbbp'that has no awaking. ; Daresho just touch her liaiid? but if she did it would' bring no evidence^ fur '.the icy coldness' would not have had time to set in. ' The country girl had known' something of; death. . , ??: She would draw a3ide. the curtain to let iu a little more light— she could see better if she moved; Whiter and whiter looked the face as the sunlight f el 'uponit.'' ?'?? '';'?. , . .'': '.-?..'. ' What should she do ? The doctor had Said she was not to be, disturbed ; yet she could bear tho suspense no 'longer. ' She' would call Nurso Alison to look at Miss Liadea. As she moved to open the doory v her dress scaught on a chair, and dragged it to. the [ground. ....,,. ? .,.'.? ? . ??!.'., . . ?? ;?. ; , !??''?' ]? - (..;..,The.sudden: noise aroused the sleeper;.. She half started, up. »: ?:-'?.-.-' ; t. ;?.,-.. '.'Where ain I, Charley ?' ;, ?.,-.. , ... ... ;;: ? ' '??-The girl had moved to the side of the bed.again. ' ???'-'Anne?' ? ? - ? ! '/? '' ' Yes^MJiss Linden. ; .Charley's out of danger^iniss, and doing well ; you fainted, and- — -r— -' ]' /j '?* ; I ^iV'f.Ah, yes, ?! remember,' said,; Adriana,} wearily. .-i'f'Haye: t been asleep long?'..: ..... .? ; .,, ??:..,-:,., it; ''It's nearly eleven now ; you've slept: as quiet: as. ^a'.lamb'.' I'm so sorry I woke you.'— ?? ; ? : '' i'M'Nevev mind, Anue, I shad1 not be awake very long, I'm so sluepy. Will you stay' with mo tili I wake?' said. she, earnestly.,: ')! ,don;t .think, I shall 'have the fever j but 'don't'let anyone 'else come in. You'll stay?' ,... , :? ::! ,. . , ,, '-^ ? 'Yes,' said the girl.' ' And if -I speak wake me.' : ,.,.,, s- ;.T;he girl poured' out; ftio draught;; Adriana, drank ' it''bff,' ih'er head sank back on the pillow, and in five -mihutes the ?- girl -was .beginning: to- wonder.- agaui; ?whether she were dead or sleeping. '?? ??'?, --????? '''/i1 ]-:?'' ; The day wore on: , the evening hours were setting ' in when Adriana woke'. Anne was keeping conscien-j tious watch over her. ...:. ??-..'. i ' How do you feel, miss?'' asked the girl. - i ' All right, Anne. I .think: I'll get up.' j 'Oh, no, Dr. Wilson said you must lie still till! ,morning, at any rate. Mrs Cunningham said. so too ;; i'Bhe's','been'.:tp ,ask after you a great many times., , V But; iaren't you hungry, miss?' ; . ? ????_. '' -' ?; ; ': ' _ .„,« No -^yes— yes, I think I am ; .1: must keep up: ?inystvength,' I suppose.' ,:',, ,';;'' '''.''Strength;' soliloquised she when tho girl hac left theroom, ' I need my strength. Whoi'o am It Why did I not go away ? Is there anything real in life ? Is it not a long fever-dream that ono nevor ?soems'tto wake from till|the. end? . Oh, how long the end is in coming ! I have no strength : what shall I 'do! (Jowardiy ! oontemptible 1 play out your part. . ?Has he not come homo to his wife, his children ? He' is 'happy ; he cores not for the past,— rlhe past is yours alone ; a life to live over and over, ueverto be, yet ever present.' ?????? She raisedherself as she spoke, and the color flitted into her cheeks. ' I am quite well— quite Btrong. JELo.w, hard it is to crush out life ! how it springs up . and battles against the foe! : I cannot die, I cannot die! life is 'too strong ; my pulse is firm and steady. : '?f 'shall' riot' have the fever :; I could walk through 'f over hospitals, and visit damp . noisome hovels all ; unsqathed, bend over plague- sinitteri lips, and yet be' unharmed. . .Misery bears a charmed, lile. Taeuri-i happy' fear nothing. Oh life, lifo, how hard it is to : bear life 1' V ! ,. - 'Miss Linden, ? Miss Linden !'? said Anno, for on her return Adriana's flushed face alarmed ] her. X Oil uuu buuiu ouuuuiug ujliw ujuuuui iriuuuiuuuvi) Anne. See how strong and well I ana, and so Hungry: I roust oatj whether I will or riot,'. and sho , drew tho tray, towards her.' . . . , . - : Anne looked on in silonco. Adriana almost do vorred the food. . , . , . : ? , : , ', What a terrible thing itmust be to, die of hunger, . Anne.' . 'Yes, njiss.' ? . ? . : ? 'There1 are stories told 'of victims closed up in ?wallsj vwith just a narrow space to stand in, loftwith 'a pitich'or of ; water and a moraol of broad, and when, '?Jihat'was gone ,thoy' must stand thore quiotly aiu ?wait for death. No, they could not wait quietly : -think of the fearful despair— the agony. Shriek af tor shriek must havo stiflod withiu those stones.' ? And! Adriaua (shuddered. '?Don't speak of such things now, miss,' said Anno. ' I doubt if you are as woll as you think for.' ;????.. — '? I wonder how long they wore in dying. I sup poso all tboir past lifo came up boforo them, and they know then what their judgmout would bo. I daresay tho dying havo a presontiment of their future — a sort of foreknowledge.' ;;. Tho i girl grow, more and moro bewilderod, and' ?was greatly rolioved te hoar Mrs Cunningham's step , outsido. ' ~Mrs Cunningham gently opened the door, and, 'seeing Adriana was awake, camo in. .si; - , , ? ; 'You look alittle feverish ; lie down agaiu,' and she smoothed the, pillows, and . laid Adriana's head on them. ' f will take' care of Miss Linden, Anne.' 'Oh; nb, I need not trouble anyone,' said driana. ' Indeed you need,' answered Mrs Cunningham ; 'but you must not speak of trouble. We owe too much to you to think anything that will bring back your strength a trouble.' 'I am quite strong-.' ' So you thisk, but you do not know how one deceives oneself in these' cases. You are just rested after your long sleep, , but in the morning you will feel differently. After so long a loss of rest it takes some time to recruit;' ?' ' ? : ' Ob, Mrs Cunningham ! please do not stay with me. I cannot bear to see you trouble yourself about ?me.' ? ' ? :?;.,??,..?? .'? ? ? . 'Hush! I will not hear that word: lean only remember how you watched by Charley. What would poor Charles have done if ' he had come homo to find his beautiful boy dead ?' ' Adriana turned away her face. Mrs Cunningham went on ; 'Mar- garet, too, she would have como to thank you, but! i wouldnot let her come to-night.' ., ' ' Adriana gave a convulsive sob. ; ' ? Mrs Cunningham stooped down and kissed the pale forehead. She was a stately old lady, and generally undemonstrative, but there were toiider places in her heart , and Adriana's untiring devotion to her grandchild Ijad stirred up depths of gratitude, added to a sort of fascination, that had been gradually drawing her towards Adriana. ' Eiciard quite undervalues Miss Lindeh,' she cogitated, and a sort of antagonism rose in her mind, and a wish to show him that he was ' mistaken in his estimate. So she sat'down by the be'dside to watch. ' .' 'Adriana's face was turned away : Mrs ' Cunning ham thought she was asleen. , Presently, in 'a slow measured voice,, as of one speaking with an effort,. Adriana spoke.' ',: '? ' Do not be offended, Mrs JGunninghom ; but I, thinkl should be' better alone.' ''','. ?'-..; : y' As you wish it, then,' said Mrs Cunningham, kindly; 'goodnight, and pleasant dieanis.'' ; 1 'Pleasant 'dreams 1'' muttered Adriaua/as^ the door clo'sbd. She sprang up, bolted it, . and flinging, herself on the bed again, burst ; into a wild fit of iaughter-^-stifled, for she dared utter no sound, else shriek xipon shriek would, have burst forth to have given1 her relief ; as it was, she controlled any out cry, but her frame shook, with convulsive sobs which she could not quiet. Again and again the paroxysm burst forth, till she sank back exhausted, and sobbed herself to sleep. ' Night drew the dark curtains closer around the weary frame, and Morpheus gently stole to the sleeper's side, and whispered into her ears pleasant words of tho'c'alm days of olden times ere sorrow had cast its shadow over her. The troubled soul' fled from the present, and sought rest in the quiet past, A little child sat holding its mother's hand under tho flowers were growing. On every sido, and the child' loose.dits mother's hand to gather them. Ah! there was 'an unlooked-for sting in the flower,' and the1, little one, with piteous cry, hold out its hand. \ ' Ohj mother, mother !' And the mother lifted up ? ?the chiid to her knee and kissed away the pain, and the.child nestled closer and closer, comforted and protected: '? ? '..'?? Strange that such childish remembrances should cpirio back : what train of waking thought had sug ' gested them ? Why should the thoughts fly back to almost forgotten infancy, when, the bitter realities of the 'present were eating their way into her heart? Who cam toll the mystic economy of dream- life, the capricious wandering of the soul, tho immaterial — whilst the unconscious material, the body takes its 'rest— is dead to all around it?' No outward im pression conveyed through the medium of the senses ; the eye sees not, the ears hear not; and yet the soul passes through scenes, wild, mournful, terrible, joyful beyond all that ever happens' in bur waking hours. Time is annihilated, circumstances 'disre garded, ? and tincongraity 'does not seem incon grous. ,?...;?? ? ? , ?. ; ? ; ?:;;?: Adriana's dreams were pleasant, and Mrs Cunning ham's wiph* was fulfilled. ? : :' .;..;-'.; - CHAPTER X. . I ' Mr Braddick was pacing up and down the library : ? Vvery iipw. and then he paused. ' '?,-,-? ? \ ..f^Oliicliard.^ ;A ;- -'..^^-'.n v:.l?.^., ;' A^;.; ! Mr Etheredge was standing before the fir.e, : ap- i :pai'e'nt!y absorbed in 'the1 newspaper.'0 ';';'' ';; ' '?' '? ?' ' '? ??' I ^'Eiohard!'-1' 'V'1; -y'.^ ::!^y^,: f.1.1 ;? \ 'Well?' .?.?.j^.'/i.i' '/s:,.'m :'v';;'^ ','?; i Mr Braddick resumed his walk,- and Mr Etheredge i remained poring over the paper. ; , :.-?;-. .-i. . ' Why :cah'tybu answer a fellow1 when he 'wishes ! to talk to: j'bu?''; said Mr .Braddick, coming to a i sudden halt. ? '?' '?'?'?'' : ' ';'?{. . ' ''' ?: ' You've said ' Richard ' at least, four times, and ; I've said (- Well : ' what more could 1 do ??'.'.? . ???, . ; 'fit's awkvard sometimes asking questions,' said Mr Braddick, giving the fire a poke and ' letting the po):or drop. ' Dick, I'm not accustomed : te making cohudencos, as you know, but I want you to answor some questions, and make no com ments.' . ? ? 'Hum, well?' ' ?' Whore did Miss Linden come from ?' c j 'How should I know, Chai-los? I never in quired. Margaret advortised, Miss Linden answorod, aud Miss .Liuden came..' That is all I know about the matter.' 'Oh.' , ... ' I don't think she knew where ' sho was ooming.' '? : ' What do you moan V asked Mr.Braddick. ' I' don't1 think sho knew your name was Brad dick.'.' ? ...... ? Mr Braddick took two or three strides up and down tho room. - ? ' Confound it, Eichard, I don't believe you have a- particle of sympathy, in you. Hero am I^wishing +.n rlvnw vnii mit. unon a subioct. and can't cet a word from you. . ?? . .. ? ?'?I thought I was to make no comments.' : 'Woll, who wants you to make comments? I only want facts.' . , ? - , _ ,..,? ! '? I'-vo told you I know nothing1 of ;how, why, whore fore,. or whence Miss Linden came.' ' 'Do you know anything about her 1' ' Next to nothing ; but T am. willing to give you all the information I can. Miss Linden came to us in London, and came down hero with us. Ono day on entering tho library I find Miss Linden doeply absorbed in your.picture. Sho is evidently agitated, and as ovidoutly tried to conceal it. ' Whoso por ; trait is this?' 'Mr Brad dick's.' Whereat sho is i evidently rolievod. Afterwards I introduce my mother, Mrs Cunningham. A sudden light flashes upon hor. I am perplexed and don't know what to mako of it. Some time afterwards I look over tho drawings you seut from India—a sketch drops out — I recogniso it at onoo. I make surmises as to the stato of affairs, but arrive at uo certain conclu sions.' .' Richard,' said Mr Braddick, gravely, ' I never was really in lovo but onco.' ' Very satisfactory indeed to Margaret.' ' Margaret !— who was thinking of Margaret ?' '. I was, of course.' ; ; ' I ?wasn't,' said Mr Braddick, hastily. 'Dick,. I got engaged to Margaret early, before I knew my own mind; then I saw Miss Linden, and knew my lnind at once. What could I do?' ' Did Miss Linden know?' ' I never told hex-.'' '* Horn ! Isn't that rather an evasion? What was Miss Linden's mind ?' ' It's no vanity, Dick ; I wish it had been. Her mind answered to mine. When I saw her last I hoped that I might nevor see her again. I hoped that in years T might forget the look of those sad eyes the night that we parted.' ? 'And here, you've both mot at my house -a pleasant dilemma. Charles, I never suspected you ? of flirting1.'/ , '? ? 'Neither need you. I tell you what,- there's a destiny — a fate that urges one on. What could I do but, be honorable to my engagement?' ' ' Herd! and be dishonorable to some one else— 7 excuse plain speaiang.' , , ' I never said anything to mislead her.' ' ' Did she know you wee engaged ?' ' 'No.'' ' '?;'???? / . : ' Does 'Margaret know.you have met before ?' ' i^loi that is one awkward part of it ; between the two I don't know what is best to be done. Explana tions, besides being a bore, generally: make matters worse... What's your advice ?' . ; .? '.Leave Miss Linden to take the initiative,' said Mr Etheredge. ' ' chapter xi. Adriana awoke the next morning with a vague feeling of weariness, a luxurious feeling nevertheless of disinclination for exertion— a sort of half torpor, as though sho wore conscious and unconscious at the same moment. Her thoughts were in a state of inac tivity also. She neither looked back nor looked for ward; she was dwelling in an atmosphere of perfect repose. Nurse Alison had been in with Pearl and Charley to see her, and Pearl . had begged to stay- 'but Adriana wished to be alone. : .: . ? 'I shall get up for dinner,' said she; 'sotmust ' rest, a little longer.' : And they went, away, and Adriana endeavored to collect her thoughts, and to fix them on some plan of 'action. ' She was surprised at her own calm*, ness; she felt no agitation ; she was perfectly com posed. She lay revolving the past and the present until it was time to rise and dress for dinner. With a steady hand she opened the' draw er, and lifted out the soft gauzy black dress ; with steady finger's she clasped the jet crescents in her ears, and wound the chain round her neck. With steady gaze she con templated the figure in the glass. The effect was evidently. satisfactory. The face might have been improved' by a tinge of color in the cheeks, it was so white ; but the dark brown eyes perhaps seemed the more lustrous through tho contrast. The lips were firmly cosed, and there was rather too set a look about the features altogether ; but that might be owing to ? the' fatigue through which' she had passed. ' 'i '.????? ???-.??? ^ ? ouu u.t;r3uunuou - uu out) u.iii*wiuj^-x«uiii. \jniy nna Cunningham was there: presently Mrs Braddick came in., , :. Adriana's , eye jealously scanned her unconsciously victorious rival. She looked unusually well this evening; a curiously-carved coral bandeau relieved the extreme lightness of her hair. Her coral brace lets showed to greater advantage the fairness of her arms;' and her rich silk dress, hanging in inassy foldsj swept the ground as she moved majestically across the room. Adriaua felt herself shrink into insigni ficance before that stately figure. No wonder he preferred — was- that the word? no— admired her ; for Adriana could .own the claim to admiration, though it smote her. For a moment, she shrank, crushed, self-abashed by tho contrast, then up flashed with pride, tho strength of will, the selfreli ance of. ner nature, and she nerved herself for the part she intended to play out. Revenge! She called it by no milder name her self, she did not exculpate it, she sought not to palliate it; sh^looked at it firmly, and, despite its ugly nature, hugged it and gloated over it, as over , some worthier impulse. Hor eyes were lighted up by an unwonted fire, and Mrs Cunning ham wondered that she had, never before considered Miss Linden a decidedly interesting-looking person. . ,' Such an expressive face, so intellectual ; she is not 'half so handsome' as Maigaret, but I should got to 'thinkher.so in a very' short time.' : :'. .Tflie gentlemen joined them. Mr Etheredge watched curiously for Miis Linden's initiative. ' 'My husband, Miss Linden.' ?Therigid features did not move a muscle ; the' glit- tering 'eyes looked up coldly, almost haughtily, and Adriana bowed. Mr Braddick might havo been a : stranger from the antipodes. ;V'Miss Linden,' (the voice carried her back to ? other day*,) 'how can I thank you for your care of rny child?' '. Mr Etheredge, still watching, saw the fingers close ,more tightly round tho bracelet on her arm, but no other sign of emotion ; the voice was quiet and mea sured that answered: — ' Any one must love Charley, and one would do much for those we love. I was glad to be of service to Mrs Braddick.' 'Quite a case of lovo at first sight,' said Mrs Braddick. 'I never saw Charley take a fancy to Mrs Braddick had become more lively since her husband's return.- Then she bad some sort of love for him. Adriana had imagined her utterly impas sive. It was well Miss Linden was so pale, or Mr Etheredge, who was still intently ohservaut, would have seen tho blood leave the lips anjl cheeks, and rush ba-=k to the heart in a bitter tide of jeal eusy. ' Utter ignoring of the past,' mused Mr Ether edge, ' and on the whole, perhaps, the best thing to be done. A woman's intuition is seldom incorrect. How blind people are till their eyes are opened ! There are my mother and sister-in-law utterly ignor ant of an episodo in their drama, an aside, as it wore, of tho principal actors, only intelligible to the audience. I stand for audienoe in tho presont case ; but I wonder thoy don't notice the change in Charles. Miss Linden has the best of it, whatever tho ante cedents may have been.' Adriana certainly had the best of ii to all outward appearance; she was porfectly, at her ease, and oon versod with Mrs ^ Cuntiingham' and Mrs Braddiok without intermission,' Seeming 'engrossed in all they wore saying. ' ; Mr.Braddick was silent. Tho lapso of time sinco ho had met Miss Linden seemed to have contracted itsolf into a few hours. The imago he saw before him was scarcoly chniigad from tho one ho had car riod in his mind for yoars, — tho dress, the half-woary oxpro.-sion of the face, tho clear sweet voice with a touch of sadness in it. ? Onco Miss Linden looked up, and met the fixed oavnest gazo of Mr. Etheredge ; again tho resem blance to his brother that sho had boforo noticed struck her. Some influence prompted hor to look again. Mr Ethorodge's grave answering glance was almost a question. So Adriana folt it, and for a moment a faint tingo of color ovorspread her faco. Sho turned hastily away, protending to oxamino sorno hothouse plants on a stand near her, and in doing so hor eyo fell upon Mr Braddick. Ho was not by any moans so oomposod as sho was ; thorc was nn evident constraint in his mannor. ' You havo not recovorocl from your voyago yet, Charlos,' said Mrs Braddick moving to his side. Adriana's heart felt a convulsive iwingo. ' Thou shalt not covet,' said the inner voice ; but Adriana's ears were dull. A servant announced dinner. Mr Braddick started. He offered his arm to his mothor. 'No. no,' said sho ; ' yo\i and Margai-et must go in together to-day. My son and daughter— it is so pleasant to have them both togethor again,' said she to Adriana. Twinge the second. Why had she placed hersolf on the rack ? Why had she not gone? Why tor ture herself with the sight of her rival's happiness ? Mrs Braddick and Mrs Cunningham were the only absorbed persons at the dinner-table. Mrs Cunning ham, delighted to have her favorite son once more with her, emerged from her wonted stateliness, and even Mr?. Braddick seemed inspired by an unusual liveliness. ' You must . see all the beautiful presents that Charles has brought me, Miss Linden, and she pro ceeded to enumerate cashmeres, lama shawls, curious bracelets,1 and eastern ?ornaments ; and Adriana list ened and heard : nothing, and Mr Etheredgo watched and found Miss Land en's face as calm and quiotas ever, and Mr, (BradUick looked half-wearied and dis inclined to talk. ' . . , ' . . , It was a relief to Adriana. to be in the drawing room, once more, but not one of long duration.. : Music was proposed. . : -. . : 'Miss Linden sings, all your favorite songs, Charles.' ? . : , ? : Mr Braddick said nothing. Adriana continued turning over the leaves of a book. ?, ?. .;: : : ' Do sing us something, Miss Linden,' said Mrs Braddick. Adriana closed the book, and moved irresolutely to the piano. Mr Braddick took up the volume she had been . turning [over. Mr Etheredge quietly walked over to the piano and opened it. '? Would you rather not sing ?' he asked, in an undertone. . ?, . ':'No.'v ; ? ?;,.-, .-, ?'.;,./,, . .' ? ; ,,:7, 'What dpes that' mean— yes,6r no?'. . '..'..,..,'. ,.: '? r.cah sing1.' ? .,?[. \'.' ,'.' .'''..' .'':,-? ' But would rather not ??' . ' '-., . '.', .'?', ' \'- 'I have no objection.' , , ? / ' What are you going to sing ?' asked. Mrs Cun ningham. ; '. ' ',..',.? ';?!!-'!;' 'Is it hot taxing Miss Linden's strength too much after her latefatiguo ?' said Mr Braddick, still look ing at the book. The glittering brown eyes gave a flash.' ' ' ' ' ' ' I am not tired.' They were; almost the first direct wordB sho had spoken to Mr Braddick, but she did not look at him, nor he ather. . -; p ?? ??? ' What shall I sing, Mrs Braddick?' ?/ ' ? '-??' ? ' Lo^ me think : something lively, for weall seem to begetting rather sleepy.' ?:?;?..??..?.-'?'?.????''. iM' ' I hate lively tunes/' said Mr Braddick, quiokly. . . ? ? ? v ?:;:; '° ?;:?;!.- -;? ' Well, then, let us have ' Per Pieta,' Miss Lin den. Charles used to ,bo very fond, of 'it,- but I never could Rincr if. f.n nlpnsAhim. ' sn.ifl IVTrff 'Rrn.Hrlio.t; ? Adrin.nn. struck a few chords. ' ?' ; , r. ??;. ? .'; .?'.'? .'' Per pieta non dir mi addio.'' ,. .,-'[? Her voice faltered as she, ;began, but the rich clear tones gradually gained strength, and rose and died away in the pleading words. Her auditors listened breathlessly, lest a note should escapu them. ? Mr Etherodgo had never heard her sing so well before ; he was astonished. . Mr Braddick leaned back in his chair, and half closed his eyes. Seven years had gone by ; he was at Etheredgo Court with his wife and children, and Miss Linden . was singing ! Could it be possible ? Miss' Lindeu singing as she used to do— no, far better. What an age those seven years, had been ! and now the in terval seemed to be swept away, and it was .but yesterday that ho had heard that song. Supposing it were, and that he had it in his power to alter thu current of his life ! : ?'..-.-.? 'Pshaw !' . ' ' My dear Charles !' said Mrs. Braddick, as the abrupt exclamation escaped him. 'I thought you were so foud of ' Per pieta,' and Miss Linden' does not appear to please you any more than I did;' Mr Braddick looked vexed. ' I beg Miss Linden's pardon. I had gone into a reverie. It was not the song or the singing that elicited my Yery malapropos ejaculation.' '? Now*, how very tiresome of you not to listen, when I wanted you so much to hear it. \- '; I was listening. I do admir.e tho song. I sup pose I scarcely dare ask Miss Lindou to sing another after my apparent rudeness ?' . Adriana looked up fr.m the piano. ' I shall be happy to sing again.' Sho turned again to the piano, and sang song after song ; the color stole into her cheeks with the excite ment, her eyes shone brighter and brighter, and her voice sounded clear through the room as asilver boll. She could perceive without looking that Charles Cunningham, as , he still was , to hor, was listening attentively, though to Mrs Cunningham and Mrs Braddick it appeared as though his thoughts were wandering far away from the present scene, to which he was paying no attention. His thoughts wore wandoring far away. Adriana knew that also : her triumph was coming, her power was returning. Ee venge is sweet ! .Revenge is bitter ! Who can re concilothe two ? yet they mako but ono. Adriana in nor owu roum tuiiu ui^iiu iuiu uuu wuij&.iuy ui uio uwu opposing elements, tho sense of victory, the sonse of shame, of self-reproach. Yet she would go on, the path was straight before her, easy to tread.' Just ono moment of undoubted triumph, and she would leave Etheredge Court. What of Mrs Braddick ? Adriana entirely set her aside ; tho chances were that she might never find out. So intensely absorbed in herself, argued Adriana, that she is never roused to look much beyond. How stupid some women arc t And Adriana shrugged her shoulders, and mentally congratulated hersolf upon her own intellectual superiority. Yet of what avail to hor ? Hero sho was on the brink of a precipice that the '?aim, passionless Mrs Braddick would never endanger heiself by approach ing. Was she not rushing on liko a fool whore ' wise men,' or rather wise women, might ' fear to tread ?' ' There are clover fools,' mused Adriana ; ' perhaps I am one.' ' Fools, fools — are not all man kind fools? Some one way, some another .; all wise in their own conceit, all astray upon some point, all monomaniacs to a cortain oxtent ; perhaps the greatest of all monomanias being a comfortable be lief in their own infalibillity. »Adriana was one of those people whose consciences will not quite bring thorn to this last monomaniac state. She doubtod her position, and she did not deny to horself that she doubted it. But she trusted to her stronjrth to carry her through tho part sho had uudortakon. 'Lead us not into temptation !' Sho started ; it scorned as if tho words woro spok»n to hor. No, she was alone ; tho inner voico had m ado itself hoard. Perhaps it was her guardian angel drawing her away from tho dark angol who was struggling for tho mastery. ' For 'wo wrostlo not against flesh and blood, but ngainst principalities, against powers, against tho rulers of the darkness of this world.' Tho warfaro of the inner lifo, of tho soul ngainst tomptation. Whonco come thoso ttmp tations? Some deny the corrupt naturo of man, and the existence of a devil. Bad logicians : if they deny the ono, they ought to admit the other ; olsb whonco como temptations and incitomouts to sin? Why should thore bo an impulso to do aught but right if ?wo get rid of thoso two uncomfortable agents ? If thoro bo no evil nature within and no' evil agent with ' ? minium ? «mu^^iui«Mi^,i^viiMmiin»fB«AwMirtnw»miiwuw0jum«gB r out, surely man should be porf ect. But it is an in ' disputable fact that there is sin in the world; and , that sin must have an origin ; so that the question is, if we sot aside the devil and original sin, whore upon earth does sin come from I 'Lead1 us not into temptation!' But 'Adriana would not hear. She was no hypocrite ; she opened not her Bible that night, ner many a succeeding one. She knew she should find no counsol there to streng then her in her rockle3s path. The dark angol had laid his hand upon a willing shoulder, that wrencned itself not away his grasp, but felt the stronger for the assistance. The mocking1 angel rose erect, trium : pliant and the guardian spirit dropped a tear, yet follO(V0d meekly on, watching and waiting; (To be continued.) 