THE EUEOPEAH WAR. J-ATli.ST IXTELLTGKXCK. (rno:,i the daily TKixor.ArH ef'Koiai. coiinns IWBENI WITH TnE PRUSSIAN ARMY.) llnciiiiNiiERG, June 24. At Isst we linve cntcrert Uoliennii. As lar as tlie eve can roach it fees only winning advanc ing anJ sncejiini; past. On crossiiip tlie borders and defiling before Prince FrediiicU Charles and Iiis suite they fill the air with ueverend inp .icclamntions and snatches nf song — ' Ich bin fin Preusse,' -'Oil du Dcutsclilnud, ich muss inaiscbiren,' ' Hinaus in die feme mit ?v.'.tem horneililaiiL',' and so forth. The strophe jjcr ncincac nnucii ^cut macntip aurcn cue welt' is tlil] ringing in my oars. To pnt the finishing touch to this splendid martial spec tacle, behold facing us the simply grand and majestic line of mountains, standing out in sharply. defined outline against the clear sunnj sky. The Prince now spurs from column to column, now suddenly pulls up and anxiously ecaus, with t!ie help of the telescope and tbe map, the rany« of country before ua. The Prince's headquarters are (or the time beinp — probably only for a day— at Schloss Harfen steiu, the property of the general of the army confronting us, Clam Gallas. Perhapsthe name is a. good omen fnr us ; for, from the era of the thirty years' war down to the present time, a Clam Gallos has never von a. battle. All tbe generals of this race have been called by the Viennese the ' Beertrommel '— druniB of the regiment— because they were only heard of when beaten. But to be sure Graf GoDdrecourt commands under Clam Gallnc, and he is a bold man of iron. The troops are now bivouacking on an eminence. Out of the midst of the soldiers camping round the fires towers a hor rible statue— that of St. Nej-omuck. Artillery, baggage trains, cavalry, infantry, repose iu marching order, partly in the Btreets and partly in the open places. Arms, cloaks, baggage, are piled u]- in pyramids ; horses tied in pairs, guns and carriages «re drawn up in long rows. Iu spite of the enormous fatigues of the march, the troops are in capital spirits, making the hills resound to their singing and shouting. An hour ago single shots were heard at a distance. Saw wo know what they meant, for at the moment I am -writing they are bringing in our fli-st prisoners, two Eadetsky hussars, magnifi cent fellows, with handsome, clear-cut features, aud a dark defiant expression. While the pri soners are being led to tbe rear to headquar ters, and the skirmish of horse is going on in the diBtance, the sky has become gradually overcast ; and now the rain pours in torrents, ' visibly swelling the Neisse, vpith between whiles flashes of lightning and claps of thunder. The troops are lying under the canopy of heaven, and— in the mud. Every fire is extinguished ; nevertheless the sounds of laughter, spirit stirring song, or round oatb, are heard above the noise of the rail), the rushing of the Neisse, and the crash of the thunder. LaBt night, during the whole march from Zittau to Keichenberg, alarms were constantly sounded— what for, 1 am unableto say. To-day, too, the troops have been repeatedly alarmed. They believed and hoped that they should at last get sight of the rear-guard of tbe enemy ; a vain hope. It is possible that while we are pressing forward without baiting. Benedek, with the main army, will throw himself on the Crown Prince, only leaving a few divisions to confront us iu order to divert our attack on the euemy's flank. As yet our soldiers have been as well received as one can expect in an enemy's country. Eeichenberg is swarming with bodies of troops marching into the town, and encamping. The 35th and 60th (the Zouaves of the army), the 24th and 64th (the victors a Ateeu), iu spite of their diminutive figures, strike the beholders wherever they go by their brisk, bold, and martial appearance, Oue may see with half an eye that they have al ready smeltpowder. Andhow thorough splendid fellows glory in the prospect of a tusBel with an enemy superior in numbers ! The Pomeranians form a striking contiost to the lithe, supple Brandenburgers. One gives these heavy, broad-shouldered fellows credit — even before proof— for being men to be relied on to the death. We know for certain that they, too, like their forefathers in the War of Libera tion, can handle a gun or bayonet. Their assault in a body must be tremendous —I should say irresistible ; but whether, like tbe Branden burgers, they can fight singly, or whether their officers dare leave them to themselves for a moment, lias yet to be proved. The East Prussians are also a fine set. You only need look at them to know that they will never fly.. Eeichenberg is a highly interesting town, in a lovely country, surrounded by wooded heights. All eyes are turned to the hills lying opposite, behind which the presence of the enemy is suspected; The grand range . of hills in tbe distance now disappears in clouds of rain and mist, now mysterious and ghost- like it rears its bead from out the moving masses of vapour. Behind tbe bills lie tbe famous battlefields of Ziska, the Prokops of the Thirty and of tbe Seven Years' War. The appearance of the distant bill grows more threatening. The mists roll together in heavy compact masses, and settle on the mountain tops, shrouding them from our view. Thitherwards lies our line of march. What awaits us there ? I sHall probably write my next letter during and after the first engagement which, will herald in tie first great battle. 'Both parties claim the victory.' It is curious to observe with what vehemence the North and the South: German organs alike persist in asserting, and rejoicing at.the glori ous victories gained respectively by the Prus sians and the Austrains in Bohemia.' The same journals hurl at each other charges of falsifying reports and telegrams, forging: docu ments, &c.; ; whilst the Prussian and the Aus trian armies are severally represented by the organs of their -opponents as not much better than a gang of robbers and murderers, badly clad and miserably fed, with all sorts of illness decimating their ranks. It is difficult to form au opinion as to who is most to blame for such exaggerations, but the truth is generally to be got at by comparing' the several state ments, and waiting for confirmation of one sided assertions, meanwhile merely giving them for what they aro worth. According to the Arene Fratttfurler Zeitung, the Prussians have been beaten, back, not in one, but in three different places, in Bohemia and Galacia, and the result of these victories in compared to that of three simultaneous decisive defeats suffered by Napoleon in 181ft, which led up to the decisive battle of Leipsic. The Saxon army is said to have behaved with great bravery in these last encounters ; and it is ex pected that the Bavarians and the 8th Federal Army Corps will also soon show what the German army can do against the Sonder bundler. The paper even goes bo far as to advise the King of Prussia to follow the ex ample of Charles Albert after the battle of Jsovara, and abdicate in the interest of the country, so as to enable it to obtain a more favourable peace than it will be possible to get when Austria and Germany have been com pelled to make still greater sacrifices for the restoration of the Bund. However, the quali fying remark is added, that this is only a wish, the fulfilment of which they dare not hope for. The semi-official Norddeutsdie AUcgenndne Zdlung has the following :— The opponents of Prussia are attempting to disseminate throngh the foreign press the invention that Prussia intends annexing Hanover and Electoral Hesse. They must have forgotten that Prussia for many weeks has made untiring exertions to bring about the establishment of a German Parliament, and that the Prussian fundamental proposal for the formation of a new Bund in no way interferes with the independence of the German States.' The same paper talks, how ever, in another article of the Hanoevrian Government of King George and his Minister as the 'former Hanoverian Government,' which expression is repeated several times, and looks rather ominious. The Bavarian Govern ment have vainly tried to obtain a loan in Paris and elsewhere, and it is now stated that the National Bank of Austria has come to the rescue with a considerable advance in ready cash, which was probably lying idle iu the coffers, as oo more specie payments are made by the bank. ? The terms are understood to be anything but easy. In tlie Grand' Duchy of B»deo, which was last in deciding upon mobilisation, and joining' tbe AustTo-Feaenls, they are now making up fc,r !-r! tht- time, a::rl ::rmin; wilh all po'fille ; speed. The trnopn will .join ihp Stli !?'? A-rsl Army Corps, under Prince Alexander of Hesse. A lettH- from B;:don iu ihe Xn:c rranhfmier Zeilvnii «:inis .ipr.ir.st ihe danger of allowing the Ultramontane parly to deliver up the country altnpelhcr to Austria, wliieli would be as lial as polling into tlie hands of the ' Great Prussian '' party. The wriicr winds up will! 'GodFaveus from both, and gire Germany tlie vic'ory.' The lileclor of Hesse Cassel, who is 'staying' nt Stettin, lias tbe privilege of removing to Konipsberg if, on account of the cholera or other reasons, he should desire to do eo. Tlie Castle of blettin, where be ri'6ides, was formerly the residence of the Dukes of Pomerania the last of mhom waeBopusluw XIV., who died in 1C37. It has hefore been used ns a kind of ftite prison. Tlie Governments Etill represented at Frankfort liave determined that the Government of Electoral Hesse is tu be carried on in the name of the Elector by a commissioner. The Federal ttoops are to act in conjunction witli tbe army of Field-Marshal Benedek according to a joint plnn of operations. It it said that all the Auelro Federal troops arc to wear the badge with the German colours. The Duke of Coburg about six nr eight weeks sgo took the precaution of celling his large family property, Greinburg, in Oppcr Austria, to Iiis cousin, Duke Augustus, in Vienna. The Chamber of Representatives of Coburg Gotha bnve agreed to tlie proposal for n union with Prussia, and declared Ihnt tlie German Confederation is to te considered as dissolved. They have also voted the credit demanded by the Government to place the Gotha contingent on a war footing, find to mobilise the same. The free city of Lubec has agreed to the Prussian proposals for the formation of a new German Confederation, and promised that its contingent shall in no way be used against Piusf'iH. The Senate of Hamburg has also voted the adoption of the proposal, but declined placing its contingent at the disposal of Prussia. Bremen leaves its contingent in connection with the Oldenburg army. Brunswick wishes to remain neutral. The Federal contingents of the Prussian allies in North Germany, with the Prussian Land wchr, of the second ban and part ef the reserve are to be formed into two new reserve corps of tlie Prussian army. In some organs of the German press it lias been repeatedly stated that proposals for peace bad been made by Austria at Berlin, through special confidential agents. According to these rumours Prussia waa to have all.HohcnzoUern, and part of former Austrian possessions, now dividcil between Baden, Wurtemberg, and Bavaria. On the other hand, it is stated that Herr von Sydow, formerly Prussian represen tative at the German Diet, has, during the last few days, been twice called to the King of Prussia, and it is asserted that an. important mission to the emperor of Austria was to be confided to him. He did not Accept it. Herr von. Sydow is reported to be in favour of tbe maintenance of the Confederation. Some of the guns and war materiel taken at Stade hare Already arrived at Flcnsburg, in Schleswig. The Holsteirj YerordnvngsUatt contains an official notification Hint young men liable to tbe conscription cannot obtain the usual permits to leave the country and stay abroad, except under the special authority of the Oberprasident. J.ne Hanoverian army that surrendered to the Prussians consisted of eighteen battalions of infantry and a battalion of chasseurs, one Haubitz battery, two batteries of 12-poundere, and three batteries of 4-pounder;, six regiment* of cavalry, hussars, cuirassiers, and dragoons. An Austrian officer of high rank is said to have been m command. The following official report has been received in Berne' from the head-quarters of Colonel von Salis, ut Santa Maria, on the Vultcline frontier : — 'Santa Maria, Jane 26. ' Information arrived here states that the 4tlv Canonnierc in the Stelvio Pass is occupied by three companies of Austrian Kaiserjagers. A force of from 1,500 to 2,000 cavalry and artillery are a little distance in the rear. Tbe thunder of cannon web heard this morning at Santa Maria, Munster, apd Taufere. Bavarian troops are expected at Mais.' Berlin, June 30. The following despatch has been received here from His Boyal Highness the Crown Prince : — ' Eeinebz, June 27. 'I. have most respectfully to report to yonr Majesty as follows upon the events of' to day :— 'On tbe afternoon of the 2Gth General von Stein met z had pushed forward bis vangue.nl, under Majpr-General von Lewenfeldt, towards Nftchod. After a short engagement, tlie latter got possession of (he pas»,. which was abandoned by tlie Auslriane, with a loss at eighteen killed. Tbe vanguard threw out skirmishers in the direction ol Skalits. ' At half-past nine this morning the vanguard was sharply attacked by two brigades of the 6th Austrian corps, well provided with artillery, and followed by a third brigade as support. The Prince Holstein's heavy cavalry division at the same time appeared upon the field. By tbe efforts of the vanguard, which withdrew slowly skirmishing, time was gained for the main body of the corps to emerge from the pass, and reach tbe heights 'immediately io front. At this mo ment I came up in good lime from Braunau. As the troops arrived they were immediately thrown forward to hold the nearest heights, the' Kirchbach division to the right,, and the Xowenfeldt division to' the left The entire artillery, ninety guus, was brought, up into the line of battle, to meet which the enemy was reinforced by tbe last brigade of the 6th Corps and its reserve artillery. The advance of the enemy was soon checked, and as soon as our corps, strengthened by an infantry regimentand reserve, had taken np its position, we were enabled energetically to assume the offensive. The hostile Prince Solm's Cuirassier Brigade was defeated by a brilliant charge of the 1st Uhlans and- 8th Dragoons, under General von Wnuck, after a desperate hand-to-hand combat Each regiment captured a hostile standard. General von Wnuck, Colonel' von-Tresbaw, aud - Lieutenant-Colonel von Wichmann, the com manders of both regiments, received honourable wounds. ' The infantry, whose fire had been of ad mirable effect, attacked at various points with the bayonet, and took possession of the ad vanced woodland aod- surrounding gronnd. In nhese operations the flag of the 3rd Deutsch meister battalion fell into our hands. 'Towards three p.m., all' the enemy's troops were in retreat followed by the fire of our artil lery. One detachment of the 1st Uhlans suc ceeded in capturing tiro guns ; three others were abandoned in the hasty retreat. The cavalry, supported by some of the infantry, engaged in temporary pursuit, while the brigade of tbe 6th Corps that came up towards evening undertook the vanguard, I returned to Nuhod abnot 6 o'clock, after I had seen almost all the troops that bad been engaged upon tbe field, and' thanked them in your Majesty's name. ' The battle of tb day is an honour to General von SteinmetE and the oth Army Corps. I can not sufficiently praise the extraordinary cool ness of the young troops. All arms have vied most gloriously in the discharge of their duty. The needle gun effected considerable slaughter, and cinied the failure of all the enemy's at tacks, which were undertaken with- great rapidity. The artillery displayed rare powers of endurance in face of the hostile fire, at first greatly superior, and the cavalry showed itself more than a match for the «o-mneh-vauntcd Austrian horse. Upon the Austrian side, 28 battalions were under fire, from all of which prisoners have fallen into oar hands. The 5th Corps, on the other hand, had only twenty-two battalions to oppose to this force, and of these the troops kept in reserve only came under the fire of grenades. The brilliant success of the day lias been purchased with comparatively alight loss. From nil I have seen I estimate it at from 500 to 600 men, among, whom are a very considerable n amber of our brave officers. Iu addition to those already mentioned among the superior grades, I have to report Major von Natstuer, of the 8th Dragoons, killed ; Ufajor-General ven EUech and Coloael von Wnlther, commander of tbe 46th Regiment, wounded. The enemy's loss is, on the other hand, very large. Over 2000 prisoners are in - or.r liar.df. ITis dead lay in inrtny places in Iit.iif, so that I estimate his total loss et over ?illfJU men. ' The trop'.iiis taken were the aboreinon tione'i five pun?, one fl.ig, and two standards. I ebail no: foil to forward to your Majesty, as soon as possible, furt'ier details and a special list of losses, together with the names of tho«e who had the opportunity of especially distin guishing themselves. ' Frederick William, Crown Prince. General of Infantry and Commandcrin Cliif-f of the 2nd Army.' Tbe followiun olficial despatch refers briefly to tbe events of tbe ensuing day : — Bueslau, June 29. ' I have to announce to your Majesty a secernl victory upou the 28th, more holly con tested and more sanguinary than upon the 27th. Great loss in officers and men, though that of the enemy is decidedly greater. Some trophies have been again taken, but the num ber is still uncertain. Numerous prisoners have been made. Skulitz is intnv hands. An order of Bcnedek's shows that I was opposed to day by the Archduke Leopold, with the 6th nnd 8th Corps. After battles my troops arc full of courage no'] enthusiasm, breaking out into loud cheers. ' Steikmetz.' King 'William delivered the following speech to the people who brought him an address yes terday evening : — I ' I know your patriotism comes from tlie heart, and it is therefore grateful to mine. God has pivpn our valiant armies the victory, but this is only tbe beginning ; a difficult task re mains still to be accomplished. As victory has always attended our banners, with God's help, the future will be ours also. With this hope I go to the army to-morrow. Up, then, with God for Kinp and Fatherland !' His Mijesty uttered tbe last sentence in a loud voice, standing with bared bend, and hold ing bis helmet in Iiis uplifted hand. CONFLICTSBETWEEN THE PRUSSIANS AND ACSTEIANS. (From tlie Home Jv*euw, July 8.) Marshal Benedek's movements vere un known until his troops came in front of tbe enemy, and then came tbe first encounter be tween tie Austrinns and tbe Prussian? in a great battle, fought on Austrian gronnd, be tween Josephstadt and the frontier of Silesia. The Prussians were commanded' by the Crown Prince. The various accounts received- by telegraph made it uncertain at what point the Crown Prince intended seriously to invade Hie Austrian territory. The Prunians were heard of at Odf-rberc aud Osuieoin, at tbe extreme south-east of Silesia ; they were in possession of Zucmantel and Friedberg, having crossed the frontier opposite Neisse, and they were also operating further to the north- west. The centre of the Austrian line ia supposed to have exten ded from about Turnau to Jof ephstndt, and it is with the main, body of Benedek's army that the Prussians have been engaged in this the first German battle of the war. The troops en gaged advanced through Nacliod and Neuitadt to Skaliez, which ib within ten miles of Joseph stadt, and here, we may suppose, they were met by the AuBtrious in force. The battle began at ten o'clock on the morning of the 27th June, and lasted till six in the evening. The Prussians were repulsed from Skaliea, tlie Austrian cavalry taking part in the action j and tlie Prussians were at the close of the day, according to the Austrian telegraphic despatch, in .full retreat, leaving their dead and -wounded on the Geld. The Prussian despatches are to the effect that, on the 28th June, the 3rd defeated- the 10th Austrian Army Corps; under General Gablenr, after an obstinate engagement, -in -which tbe AuBtrians lost several thousand prisoners, eeve- - ral field pieces, and a large quantity of materiel. The Austrian loss in killed and tronnded is placed at between 3000 and 4000. On the same day Prince Frederick Oharlee, in junction with General Bitterfield, captured Munchengrmtz, alter a succesiful engagement with tlie enu*iy, ? in which he took 800 prisoners. The Austrians retired to Furstenbruck with the loss of 2000 men. These encounters prove that the Prus sians had advanced considerably beyond tlie frontier. FurBtenbruck, to which the Aus trians are said to have retired, is «omo twenty-five or thirty miles from the frontier, on tbe direct road to Prague, and we may con clude that the main body . of the1 Prussian army had eo far found the way open to it in its in vasion of the Austrian territory. But it ii not in this line alone that the Prussians are advancing. Whatever may have been the result of the battle of the 27th, at Skaliez, tbe Prussians apjiear. to be still in foil force be tween the Silesian frontier and JosephBtadt. The Prussian Fifth Corps, which is said to have been so successful against 'the Anstrians in the battle of the 27th, was again opposed, on tlie 28th, to the Sixth and. Eighth Austrian Corps, under the Archduke Leopold, and is reported to have gained signal advantages over it. The Monileur -of June 29, publishes intelli gence from Berlin, dated the 28th, announcing that a fresh engagement between the Prussians and Austrians, near Trautenau, the former captured ten guns and took many prisoners. The Austrians -were compelled to fall back. The same paper also publishes an occonnt of an engagement between the Hanoverians and Prussians, near LangensalEa, whioh it states to - have been without result. The Prussians loet ! two guns. A Berlin telegram of Juno '29, an nounces the surrenderof the Hanoverian army, consisting' of upwards of 20,000 men.- It ' is further stated that 'the King and Crown Prince of Hanover, and the officers of the Hanoverian army, have pledged their -word not to fight against Prussia during the present war. By the terms of the surrender, the1 Hanoverian officers retained their side arms, and the men' were disarmed and -sent to their homes. The war material was given up to the Prussians:' About 6,000 Austrian prisoners from Nachod, and 3,000 from Trautenau, are reported to have been sent, on June 29, toPosen. . . A telegram from Frankfort. announces that the whole Federal army 'has sot out upon the march, and that an early engagement is expect ed. All the news we have of the war in Italy is that Garibaldiis at lake Idro; and that the . Austrians have entered Valcamonica, and ar rived at Vezzia. According to a Florence' telegram of June 29 (evening), the Italian troops -were taking up positions on the Oglio. The movement was being effected with, perfect order, andtlio army was in excellent health and spirits. The Austrians had 'not attempted to cross the Mincio. 