ROMA. (FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.) November 22. The ?? here, since the late fire, got into a habit of wandering about the scene of ruin, and deploring the catastrophe which has laid very nearly the whole " square" in to ashes. Deplore away, ladies and gentlemen ? I only wish your tears had been there, to assist the effort ?? though well-minded, but ?? who fetched an occasional ?? of water, ?? ?? ?? about their exploits and ??. But even they, if they did nothing, meant well. But oh ye sympathising duffers, both male and female, could you not spare Mr. Massarath a few of his half calcined pots and pans ? Why not let them remain until the "burned-out ?? turned? Why grab at everything, more like a set of Cornish wreckers, than civilised Chris- tians? Many a damper, many a cake has been baked since the day in Roma; which would have otherwise had to submit to its fate on the ashes of a bush fire, but now is ?? in camp- ovens, &c.;, ruthlessly plundered from all that was left of the Maranoa Hotel. Conspicuous amongst those who picked out everything that belonged to Mr. Massarath, but not to themselves, were his own countrymen. No doubt, many foolish promises had been given, when the jolly old house was doing a roaring trade ; but who, call- ing himself a man, would insist upon delivery of an article, or articles, given in an off-handed way, in a moment of prosperity, when subsequently a great calamity had overtaken the donor. Oh shame! Oh shame!! Those who professed themselves Mr. Massarath's best friends, just " went in" for fowls, potatoes, pots, and pans, camp-ovens, gridirons, and anything they could lay their hands on. All " Kaisers ;" not an Englishman amongst them ! The chief con- spirator was, I might say is, a lady of doubtful profession, who has occupied a position in the Maranoa Hotel which puzzles the insurance agents, and is likely to bamboozle the Crown Prosecutor at the next Circuit Court. Sometimes she was in the bar, sometimes in the bedrooms ; and altogether " take it in a lump,"—for I must really get out of the Queen's English, and take pattern by your Surat correspondent, who lays himself out for a pleasing mixture of colonial "yabber" and Chinese slang— her ladyship was almost ubiquitous. And, talking of your Surat correspondent, will you allow me, on the part of the late Mr. Lindley Murray's ghost, to ask him (the Suratter); what is to become of those unhappy personal and relative pronouns which, in nearly everyone of his sentences, are on the look out for a verb to agree with them ? I cannot understand how the Surat people swallow and digest the Surat correspondence. Pray con- sider the awful example in grammar which he affords to the rising generation ! I am not authorised by the Surat butcher to take his part, but must protest against the imputation that the Surat butcher sells "carrion." We had not the pleasure of seeing that well-to-do- tradesman at the last Circuit Court, but we have heard of him, and believe no such tales. And, all jokes apart, it is a little too bad, that a new-comer, who can- not spell, should run down a respectable trades- man. Oh ! if I were that ere tradesman's wife, would not I box the ears of the man that spelled "opinion" with two p's ; and, oh ! that was in his sweetheart's copybook ! And then the idea of selling " fizzers" (that means a dirty decoction of carbonate soda, and a bastard compound they call tartaric acid here) for "cheekers," (Anglice, " sensations with the lips"), what may those who, not being jolly bachelors like myself, have tender buds at school, say to it? If I myself had fifty daughters, I would not object to it, were he not so deuced ugly. However, we must all live, and if he has found the red blanket (or was it a valise?) that contained £130, let him send us a good Christmas, box (no fizzers, having no daughters), and he shall have one more chance, provided there is only one p in opinion, and spelling generally amended ; and give up " cheep,"' shove an "a" into it, and forgiveness may yet be granted. Shun all possible allusions (you can take the impossible ones, and hatch them like eggs), to the Roma correspondent, in case that mysterious individual rides down some day, and pays you a personal visit. To a card of your anti- pugilistic proclivities, and generally soft propensities, a stitch in time, I mean a word in time, (take care it ain't a knock out of time) ought to be sufficient warning. A sore head is a fearful thing in this intensely hot weather, and then only think of a nose spread all over one's face, and the blow flies that danced a corrobberry on your valise with the £130 in it. Oh ! Be warned in time, and start a collegiate institution for young and unprotected females ! And, above all, don't go and head your advertisement with the name of a gentleman who never authorised you to make use of it! It is an open question whether it is not an indictable offence. What about us poor folks in Roma, who are left entirely without police protection ? We are now confided to the care of one " bobby." He was, only yesterday, bailed up by a black " gin," and signally defeated. It must, in justice, be re- marked that she was a desperate character, and had a yam-stick nineteen feet long; but, I am sorry to say, that the descendant of kings (his great grandfather was 28th cousin to Brian Boru) who passes for the present under the name of McFoole, and frightens everyone by his warlike appearance, should have retreated before this dusky princess. The consequences may be awful. " Your Own" has bought a new padlock, and hired a dog. What is to become of the communities in small townships, when every day large mobs of sheep (travelling for grass and water) march right through what ought to be, to these communities, a commonage, usually termed a reserve? Pray do not run away with the idea that the police keep dying sheep from our only waterholes. All the " bobbies" we are favored with can discrimi- nate between a pretty barmaid and a disconsolate squatter wailing over his fast-fading steak. And, quite right, too ; at least, if I was a " bobby," I know which I should prefer. Give me the bar- maid, and any number of them. Who's afraid ? But as for the other game— well, not being in the position of a "trap," I shall say nothing about it. May the Lord help them and their glazed caps, if this drought continues! Nothing more has been heard about the re- moval of our C.P. S., and the installation in his place of the boots, goloshes, hairy dog, and um- brella. Not that any one has the slightest ob- jection to the hairy dog—(good gracious, I mean the owner of the hairy dog)— but that simply we are sorry to see that Mr. Moorhead, with a rapidly increasing family, suddenly deprived of that to which he had an ample title, both on account of his own services, and those of his father. However, no objection to the hairy dog ! Every hair of him acceptable, and that's saying a pretty considerable tarnation lot) barring the old workman losing his billet—that ain't pretty. And I think that I have written you enough for one mail. Next week I will send you the particulars of monetary matters, stock, &c.; ; but have really no sales to report on behalf of any one save one Farren, who has been doing a great stroke in pigs and fowls lately, and is making a pile fast. The Queensland Times says that the crop of oaten hay has turned out so well in the neigh- bourhood of Ipswich that it is now shipped for sale to Brisbane. The three men Eaves, Parker, and Murray, charged with riotous conduct in Brisbane, have been sentenced respectively each to twelve, six, and three months' imprisonment in Brisbane gaol, with hard labor. 