ST. MARY'S. [Correspondent.] In accordance with arrangements announced in our advertising columns, the soiree of the St. Mary Mutual Improvement Society was held in St Mary's Hall, South-road, on Tuesday evening, the 29th instant, and notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather, there was a large attendance, as was expected from the lively and interesting entertainments given on these occasions. The President of the Society (the Rev. W. D. Williams), occupied the chair, supported by W. A. Hughes, Esq., and Dr. Burton, and in a short prefatory, address, stated it always gave him great pleasure to be present at those meetings, and it was increased that evening by seeing a gathering far beyond what, under all circumstances, they might have expected. Although one of the objects of these soirees was to make them instrumental in clearing off the re mainder of the debt incurred by erecting the very com modious building they were then occupying, the great aim they had in view was the intellectual improvement of the members, and occasionally providing amusement of a local character to benefit their neighbors. He believed the two lastobjects (judgingfrom the patronage they were receiving) had been quite attained, and again as regarded the debt on the hall, he was pleased to inform them the ladies in the district had for some time past been kindly interesting them selves towards its reduction by mat-Ing preparations for a bazaar. They all knew efforts of that nature gene rally achieved the object intended, and he was sanguine enough to believe they would not in this instance be disappointed. He wished to assure the audience no pains had been spared on the part of the Committee, or the ladies and gentlemen who that evening would take part in the programme, to give satisfaction, and as doubtless they were all desirous to go on with it, he would only detain them a minute or two longer by saying some unexpected circumstances had transpired to deprive theui of material assistance they had looked forward to receiving from a few friends; but whilst he greatly regretted such was the case, he must candidly avow bis '^conviction that if they succeeded that evening, (as he trusted tliev would) in gaining applause, it would far more redound to their credit than if they had to borrow assistance elsewhere. The musical portion of the entertainment was then commenced by playing "Barcarolle deOberon," which was excellently per formed and applauded, notwithstanding the disad vantages the pianist had to contend against—an instrument much out of _ tune. In justice to the performers, we have no doubt particular care will in future be taken to avoid such a fault A recitation, "The Prisoner of Chillon," was next given by Mr. F. Burton; on the whole it was well rendered, more espe cially the closing portion, and was well received—a little more time in delivery would have improved it This was followed by a duet, " List to the Convent Bells," which was much approved, and then a recitation bj'Mr. Thornber, "The Bachelor's Lament" We can give this gentleman credit for always rendering his pieces naturally, and having a good discrimination in his selections, consequently he was met with cries of bravo, and a hearty encore, which again brought him on the platform. The song, "Gaily I Roam," was then sung with much spirit, and was succeeded by a dialogue, "Lucius Junius Brutus," by Messrs. T. and F. Aylifie, which was hardly well sustained; a little more practice on the part of Mr. F. Ayliffe (who we don't remember to have seen before) will give him more confidence. The song which followed, "Toll the Bell," was so feelingly and altogether so admirably managed that it called forth an unanimous encore, and for which was substi tuted "Dear Mother, I've come home to die." Mr. AV. Burton then recited an extract from the " Lady of the Lake," and, as usual, succeeded in gaining the marked approbation of the company. For ourselves, we think we have heard him to greater advantage in one or two respects, but the size of the room and the part we occupied would make considerable differ ence. " La Favorita" was then very, well played, and was followed by a part piece from " Hamlet" which was per formed in a manner far surpassing onr expectations. Mr. Hughcs's conception of his part (Hamlet) was good, and his enunciation clear; whilst Mr. T. Aj-fifle's scarcely less difficult part (the Ghost) was uncommonly well represented. The other gentlemen in the minor characters, Messrs. F. Weaver and A. Daw, sustained their parts very creditably, and being a rather lengthy extract, it was well suited to conclude the first portion of the programme. After a short interval, the second part was com menced by a piece on the piano entitled " Ruck Ruck." This performance was both applauded and encored, as it deserved, mid was followed by Mr. T. Gall reciting a peroration, "Shiel's reply to Lord Lyndhurst" This we believe was a first attempt in public, and a very good beginning it was; he possesses the superior advan tage of a natural good voice, which, with some pains taking and more experience, will doubtless ere long nuik him among the best of his company. A very amusing dialogue from Dickens, by some gentlemen who prefer to .remain incognito, caused much laughter, and was evidently highly appreciated for the fun it occasioned ; it was "Sarah Gamp aud Betsy Prig's con versatioiiovci-lheirtca,"whichwassucceedcdby the song "Haiti Times come again no more," 4 exceedingly well sung, ami imperatively encored, when " Come to the Fairy Sea"' was substituted, and afterwards Mr. E. Babbage gave a recitation, "Eliza," which was well received. The next song, " Ever of Thee," was rendered with much good taste and finish, and was managed very successfully. The " Kruger Lust March" was also well played, but the performers had not a fair opportunity of doing full justice to the merits of the composer or themselves, in consequence, as previously mentioned, of the instruments not being suitable. Mr. T. Ayliffe then gave a recitation, " Foundering of the London" All we can say is that he excelled more in his previous part in Hamlet, and think he had borne his share of the programme well. The part piece, a farce, " KeepyourTeinper," came next in order, and from the laughter and applause it elicited was admirably suited to finish the evening's entertain ment We liavo not space for a full description of the plot, which is known to most of our readers. All we can add is that the respective parties were correct in their parts, and must havetakcnconsiderable pains to have been able to produce it in so praiseworthy a manner. A few remarks from the Chairman, and the singing of the National Anthem, brought the proceedings of a very j pleasant evening to a close. 