A Night Skirmish with the Hauhaus. (From the Correspondent of the Wellington Inde- pendent.) Wairoa, March 20, 1866. The apparent repose with which we seemed sink- ing some time back has been again rudely disturbed by another brush with the Hauhaus. About a fort night since, in consequence of rumors having arrived that there was a large gathering of the Uriwera's on this side (of the Waikare Lake, a party of natives ►started from Pakowai, some twelve in number, under the command of Ihaka-(the minister's brother), for the purpose (of reconnoitering, and if possible ascer- taining the intentions of the hostile tribes. After a day or two's day absence the party returned minus of Ihaka, and with another of their number shot) through the back ; it appeared that they had fallen in with an advance of the Uriwera, and had been fired on. Of the fate of Ihaka they knew nothing save that he had been hit and taken prisoner. This naturally confirmed the rumour of the hostile descent, accordingly Patiera Kopu mustered his tribe and several others, and on Monday, the 12th, started with 130 men " to make assurance doubly sure and to offer the enemy battle amongst the hills. Having business requiring me to visit the Lake, I availed myself of the offer of a secure trip, and accompanied the expedition. The object that Kopu had in view was to surprise the enemy, if possible, consequently it was arranged that we should match all night and camp during the day. The ammunition, &c.;, was sent up in canoes as far as the Waiau River offered transport—nearly half the distance. The two first days were consumed in get- ting through this portion of the road, the river being very circuitous, and the stream so rapid as to render the labor of pulling the canoes very severe, and in- volving Crossing no less than eight fords all of which were deep and dangerous to the horse and foot men. Having at length got to the commencement of the ascent of Takarangi (a fortified hill now abandoned), the ammunition and biscuit being distributed, the real labour began. Bt 12 p.m. we had surmounted Taka- rangi, and reached a small cultivation in a patch of, bush called Te Tahuna Otira where we lay till dusk. Orders were issued that no gun should be fired and no fires lighted, and forming an Indian file we once morn tackled the road, up, up, up, getting darker by degrees, slowly flitting on with noiseless tred we more resembled ghosts than armed men rising ridge after ridge. I fancied we were on a journey to the moon, but presently down, down into pitchy darkness, down apparently four times the depth that we had ascended and still down until a small sandy valley was reached and a halt called. The night was far spent, so we lay down on the cold ground, the keen mountain air piercing us through and through, to get what share of sleep we might. Mine was a minimum allowance ; so cold was it that my sole wish was for morning. It came at last, and another hill was staring us in the face, more ominous than the friend of the past night. At it we went, and at lengh reaching its sum- mit found a little potato patch, hid in a bush on the southern slope of the range, called Te Kiwi. Here we camped for the day, and, we mod with the sun and travel, most of us gladly indulged in a solid snooze. This day worn away like the last, and the setting sun was a signal for our march—another ridge, another descent, the old men, acting as captains of companies, enjoining strict silence. The shelter of a bush at the foot of the range was nearly gained, when bang went a musket, with a rolling echo amongst the hills. All dropped to the ground. Who? which? what, where ? were whispered along the file. Presently Kopu came to the front and asked for me. " What do you, pakeha, do with a soldier who acts like this ? " " Did he do it on purpose ? " " I think so" " Stick a bayonet through him," said I. " Wait a bit, I'll see," Kopu replied. Some consultation ensued, but my suggestion was not acted on. The same man did the same thing the night before, and called it an acci- dent. I mention this circumstance because of its results. Fear now seized upon the whole body, they gathered together in groups, and loud chattering told of the vacillating opinions of the leaders, I said to Kopu, " If we return we shall be laughed at." After a long delay, it was agreed to camp and see what morning brought forth. Ere long, loud snoring told of the effects of fatigue upon the party. The morn- ing star call us again to action and, after a hurried consultation, it was decided to advance. We were now within three miles of the lake and as we passed on through a long valley, commanded on all sides by rocky eminences, I fully expected at each turn of the road to receive a volley into the midst of us. All was silent. Presently we came up on open ground, a little lake, fencing, and cultivations, some horses, and recently tracks of many feet. Jumping over the timber, and getting the shelter of a Koromiko bush, we halted, relieved ourselves of our packs, examined our arms, and made ready for the fray. Te Otene read prayers, and now for business. Kopu told off his people into divisions and, placing me in front of himself, at the end of the first division we crept forward. Thick scrub, rocks hard like a stone gut- ter, surely they will not Iet us slip through, we rose the ascent, some fifteen or twenty men in front of us, caught the gleam of the waters, when all speculation was lost in the sharp crack of first one, then twenty rifles, shouts of " Pai Marire, " "Kua Horo," " Ka Kiri," " Ko Kiria," and a very babel of sounds, magnified by the echoing mocks into a perfect roar, " seize the canoes," " stop firing," " who's to pass through that infernal cross fire." As well talk to the dead nothing but shout and fire, the Hauhaus were in full retreat, some through the bush, others to the cliffs amongst the trees for shelter, some for the canoes, and I could not but admire the steady way in which two canoes paddled swiftly away, keeping close in shore with the bullets drop- ping all round them. I sat flown on a flat rock and perseveringly potted away at them as long as they were within range ; half an hour brought the firing and pursuit pretty well to an end. One fellow of the enemy was in the act of firing ; " don't fire, lest you be killed," I cried. The man hesitated, a fine strap- ping fellow about 20 years of age, with a handsome dogskin mat on his shoulders. " Give up your gun and pouch," said his captors, and seeing resistance hopeless and trusting to find mercy, he lowered his piece aud handed it over, but soon four bayonets were plunged in his breast. Disgusted and sick I turned away, but more was to happen ; presently a party appeared on the rocky shore of the lake, driv- ing a prisoner before them, a tall vigorous old man, completely tattooed, " Who are you ? " " I am Te Rawhe, spare me, I am wounded (a ball had laid open his cheek), I will be your slave, l am the chief of this setttement." I looked anxiously in the faces of his captors, he was in the hands of Hapimana, a brother of lhaka, who had been killed. Calling Kopu aside, " spare him," I said, " Look at Hapi- mana, " he answered, " it can't be done." For the present he was safe, and clung with trembling hand to the cloak of Hapurona, an old chief into whose charge he was committed, thinking (vain trust) that there must needs be sympathy between grey hairs. To close a painful scene, after delaying an hour and a half, conversing quietly with him, asking him questions, all of which he answered—taking a wretched havresack from his neck and dividing the bit of native prapared tobacco amongst them, in no way showing what their real intentions were—a party of five or six with Kopu at their lead went up to him. " Come," they said, and stuggling painfully, clutching at his keeper the old man, who repulsed him, they dragged him away and murdered him with seventy wounds. Sick, dispirited, weary and miserably dejected, I hailed with delight the arrival of Dr. Scott, the resident medical oflicer, and Mr Prince, interpreter, with some 60 of the Nukutaura natives. A little too late, we marched all night, and nearly caught you., Hasty inquiries and exclamations of pleasure at the beautiful scenery which we had now leisure to observe. But I reserve any discription of the Lake for the next letter. To wind up a prosy account I will only add the results of the attack. Three bodies were recovered—one woman, Iantope, wife of Te Hira ; a chief of Te Uriwera, taking prisoner. Doubt- less many were wounded and killed that we know nothing of owing to the dense bush. Sixteen guns, a quantity of ammunition, flags, and miscellaneous articles fall into our hands, and a large quantity of cultivations. From the woman we learned that the party we surprised numbered seventy-one in all, that they had seventy-one guns and plenty of ammunition, that another party of nearly the same number were also on this side of the lake, and that the main body of between two and three hundred were at Rua Tahuna, some distance inland of the extreme north- west end of the lake. She represented them as di- vided in their councils, and letters we found confirmed her statement. After a discussion, it was agreed to send her back with a letter to the Uriwera chiefs, offering terms of peace, and that two weeks should be allowed for their acceptance, in the interim to build a punt or boat, for the purpose of crossing the lake, and attacking them in their own stronghold shoulde they not accept them. The woman started on her mission on Monday. On Tuesday she returned, bringing with her Te Waru's son. The two were sent back with a Union Jack, and we now await the denouncement of the farce, or tragedy, as the case may be. FRUITS OF THE SEASON, —Saturday's ' Yass Courier' says: — There have been sume sharp frosts during the last few nights, during the day in the shade the temperature has been generally very cool. As an example of the irregularity of the season it may be mentioned that there is a second crop of gfeuujafed in the garden at Bloomfield, on the Upper Morrum hidgeu. One of the farmers near Bogolong in- formed us a day or two since that be he has a splendid crop of maize, which will turn out 60 bushels to the acre. 