AGRICULTURAL REPORT. WEDNESDAY, JULY 4. Tho transactions in breadstuffa during the ^past week have been on the whole limited. Towards the end of the week a demand sprang up for Adelaide flour, for tranship- ment, and thlB eomowhat relieved the pre- vailing monotony ; but notwithstanding, we have to noto a decline of 5s. per ton from the llghfst noint^-£17 5a. having been accepted for isfy bran de. For sound Chilian we quote ? £14IU.JJ., and for Californian £16 10a. To daj^traie G,500 baga Chilian were offered for Gale, and realised, according to condition! JE810s. to £10 5s. ; of which 200 tona wore again resold towardb the afternoon, at an advance Wheat ia very dull, and prlcea rather un- settled, the only aale effected of any conse -quence beiDg 20,000 bushels ex Zulette, which . changed banda at a price withheld. We quote 7B. Gd. for Port MacDonnell, 7a. for Cali- fornian, and 6a. 9d. for Chilian. Barley ia in -considerable trade demand at 4a. 9d. andSa.i according to quantity. Oata are firm at -5B. 3d. to Ga., at which sales are made. Maize has gone up to 5s. 7Jd. and 5ä. Od., and the market closes with an upward tendency. Bran is worth 2a. Colonial oatmoal brings .£30 to £31; and Sootch pearl-barley ia i saleable at £28. In the hay market the week haa been dull. The arrivals were more than sufficient for the inquiry, and salea in 8everal instances were only effected by a ? concession to lower rates. The following (PriceB have been obtained :-Best hay, £7 10a. to £8; other aorta, £G 10a. to £7 Sa. ; atraw, .£410a. to £510a. Farming operations progress very Btea . dily under the favourable condltlona of .genial winter weather. At CoghiU'a Creek and in Ascot, we regret to obäerve blight and grub have become troublesome; but nothing ia now heard of the rust which .threatened the crops in the Bellerine dis- trict. Ploughing matches have been productive of ?.much healthy excitement, and havo led to much neighbourly intercommunion, in the agricultural districts during the past few weeks. Tbcso contests have been so nu merona that we cannot attempt to record them all, or even to refer to them individually, hut it is gratifying lo be able to observo that all the reporta represent the work per .Jormed aa excellent. The young raco of .ploughmen growing up aro no lesa pro- ficient than the imported experta, nnd ?the prizetckera of a few yeara eince have now enough to do in holding their own against younger rivals. The teama and Implements, too, which these competitions are the meanB . of assembling Beem always to command much admiration, and the farmers' dinnora which EometlmeB wind up the match days are 'Said to bo very pleasant reunions. If for no other reason, these things are worthy of note inasmuch aa they show that agriculture In 'the colony ia gradually assimilating itself to .agriculture in older countries in its mannera -and cuatoms. The Victoria Agricultural Socloty'a match -came off on Monday, on the farm of Mr. S. Cole, Bulleen, opposite Heidelberg, and waa a spirited affair. The particulars were pub- lished in The Argus of this morning. To .morrow (Thursday, the 5tb) the champion match will take place, and for this there ia a long list of entries. Tho land on which this interesting agricultural event will be .contested Iles on the Flemlngton-road, in the Royal-park, between the gardens . of the park and tho Moonee Ponda Creek. The Board of Agriculture, or its officers, are making strenuous efforta to introduce the Assam tea plant to the notice of the farmera. A parcel of seed having been pur- chased, it is being distributed through the agency of tho local agricultural societies, -along with instructions for Ita cultivation, The country Bocieties, on tholr part, are -advertising for persons to come and get seeds and instructions, and no doubt the ?desired experiment will be fully made. It ia just a little inconsistent, however, that residents in town who desire to try their hand at tea culture are refused seeds when they apply for them, while in the country they are being forced upon the public. Tbo following are the itemB of intelligence hearing upon agriculture and grazing which \- the week's country papers Bupply : Tho Geelong Advertiser reports:-" The few Bales of wheat made in the grain market on .' Saturday may be quoted at 7s, as an extreme late. Purchasers were not eager at that quo- tation, and some parcela were refused. Holders incline to cling to their stocks, in anticipa- tion still of advanced rates, but with lesaoned probability of getting them. Some few fanners . who have stocks to dinpoee of are opening their ejes to the exigencies of the corn mar ¿et, and foreaoe that a great fall in figure would immediately reBult if a forced sale took . place. Flour dealers contend that the price ? of wheat Is incompatible with the price of .Hour, at £16 to £16 6s. per ton. Offers \- of 6s. lOd. per bushel were refuaed. Millers have refuaed to purchase largely at 7s. at . the mill. The haymarket haa been well ? Bupplied during the week. Hay ia In ' brisk demand, and stocks arriving have ¡been cleared off by midday. Melbourne orders still come to hand. The market on Saturday presented an animated scene, as ? caris aud drays came rumbling in heavily loaded from every quarter. Prices closed for best hoy, £510s. to £6 15B. per ton ; inferior . do, £5 ; oaten atraw has been in demand at £310s. to £4 per ton, supply limited ; wheaton straw. £2153,, scarce ; mangolds, 28s. per ton. Potatoes have been dull of sale daring the week, owing to the stagnancy of the market . at Ballarat. Prices were quoted yeBterday at £6 15s. pur ton, bags included. Onions have \- again advanced. The demand is steady foi . Melbourne supply, and prices havo gone up at Ballarat. Good samples found ready aale yesterday at £20 per ton, and perhaps o ehado higher might be quoted. Bacon ii \- coming to band plentifully, and up countrj the market Is filled, whilst much is being ? cured on farms for home consumption The late high pricea at which colonial bacon haa ruled have led to this result. As a con- sequence, there haa been a brisk demand foi pigs, and pork has advanced for the dairy-fee \- article to 8£d. and Od. per lb. by the carcaao The demand for bacon moderated, whilst ar Increased supply carno to hand, and import: were renewed. Pork rules high, too high foi profitable cutlDg, and colonial bacon ia placee on a falling market at la. OVd. per lb. it \- Geelong. We may foretell that bacon wil mot lulu high. At our pricea there is ni margin, taking quality for quality, for profit In ventures inland. Ballarat Is amply suppliai In this line, and large quantities are to haue . about Camperdown. Colonial cheese wouh und ready eulo at Is. éd., but there is li Hi coming in. Butter ia brough t forward in limitât ? quantity, and sella without demur at 2a. pe lb. «-{ifyincreased supply would find promp der* ¿. Pricea may bo regarded now aa a thWliighest. The quantity of egga aub miittcd tor tho week shows, that aa suppl; Increases tho consumption increases too. Al moderate figures tbia branch of colonial in dustry might be Increased a hundredfold Egga realiaed on Saturday la, Gd. to la. 7d per dczen. The poultry mart again 8howei f;reat improvement. Not only were then atger stocks, buta greater variety for choice prepared for the table, which found read; ? cuEtomera at moderate yet remunerativ -.figures. TurkeyB were in moderate dem am at from Gd. to 7d. per lb. Primo geeae sold a ßs. to 63. per couple. Fowls, according t quality, 3s. to 3s. Gd. per couple. Game mad a fine display in the swan and duck tribe: and the wild rabbit traffic aeenia to b weekly on the increase. The following, from the Star, ia a Bum mary of the season's operations in the ia portant agricultural districtB BUrroundin .Ballarat. Some of the Items of informatlo compiised have already been reported in 01 columna ; but the collected whole ia an inte Testing record of ngi ¡cultural enterprise : "The cropa about the district are, in consi quence of the lato rains, looking very wel excepting on land long In crop, where ti irost seems to have slightly affected bot . wheat and oatB. Fallow land Is now beic ploughed up and got ready for mango! . wurlztl and other green cropa. The Canadia oats introduced by Mr. Fisken aro spoken of very favourably by the farmers who have tried them, us being much more productive than any other description of oats. The grubs have appeared in various places about Cog- hill's Creek, and in some instances at Ascot, and are doing a good deal of damage. The most effectual method of checking their ravages seems to be to harrow the land, and then roll it. At Coghill's Creek, Mr. G. Kemp has sown 210 acres of golden drop and purple straw wheat, 120 acres of Tartarian and potato oats, and 20 acres of Calcutta oats, and 20 acres of the Canadian variety pro- cured from Mr. Fisken. The whole of those cropB oro looking very well. Mr. T.Lang, SO acres of red straw, golden drop, and red Tuscan wheat, and 30 acres of potato oats. In the latter of these the progresa of the grub moy be traced in patches. No injury has as yet been done to tbo wheat, but that perhaps is owing to its not being sufficiently forward. Mr. N. Lanigan, 70 acres of golden drop, white Tuscan, and Imperial or Adelaide wheat ; 40 acres of Tartarian, 40 acres of sandy oats, and 6 acres of Canadian oats. Of the 70 acres lately sown with wheat, a portion has been for the last two, three, and four years cropped with rye grass, and also eaten down and camped upon by sheep, so that the land will not only be clean, but have re- cruited its exhausted powers. Mr. Li nlgan has also sown this year 120 acres with rye grass, and 10 acres with prairio grass, which latter, as fodder, is considered superior to the best oaten hay. Mr. Thomas Barratt, 170 acres of Tuscan and golden drop wheat, and 20 aerea of Tartarian oats. Mr. W. Barratt, 00 acres Tuscan and golden drop wheat, and 30 acres of Tartarian oats. Mr. H. Matthews, 100 acres of rod straw, Tuscan, and red Lammas wheat, and a quantity of Tartarian and potato oats. Mr. M'Cubbln.50 acies golden drop, 30 acres red straw, 10 acres white Lammas wheat, and 40 acres Tartarian oats. Mr. John Young, 20 acres red straw, and 20 acres of Tuscan wheat, and 36 acres of Tartarian oats. Glendaruel.-Mr. R. Havery, 100 acres Talaverian, golden drop, and Tuscan wheat, 20 acres Tartarian oats, and 2 aerea of a black oat received from the Board of Agri- culture, and which Mr. Havery has found to produce 10 buBhels more per acre than the Tartarian variety. Mr. J. Baldry, 30 acres of golden drop wheat and 35 acres of Bandy oats. Mr. Grenfell, 190 acres of wheat and oats. Mr. J. Blggars, 26 acres Talaverian wheat, 26 aerea of Tartarian and sandy oats, 14 acres in gross, and 10 aerea left fallow. Clunes.-Mr. John Alexander, 70 acres wbite Tascan wheat and 75 acres of Tartarian and Bandy oats. Mr. Alexander has also left 150 acres fallow. Messrs. Kean and Carter, 160 acres wheat and oats. Mr. Campbell, 120 acres wheat and oats. Tourello.-Mr. J. Barratt, about 150 acres, principally of Tartarian oats, but oleo a little of the Canadian variety, and about 400 acres of golden drop, Tuscan, and red straw. At Ascot, Mr. Edwarda's crops are looking well, but the grub is to be noticed in patchea in Mr. Salter's oats. Mr. J. Ogilvy, about 400 acres of wheat and 550 of oats. At Smeaton, Mr. Miller, 60 aerea Adelaide, and 20 aciea golden drop wheat, and 20 acres short oats. Mr. Cowie, 200 acres of wheat and oats, but principally wheat. Mr. Alexander Calder, 70 ocres Adelaide and golden drop wheat, 30 acres Tartarian and po- tato oStB, and 20 acres left fallow. Mount Prospect.-Mr, Graves, 10 acres white Tuscan, 10 golden drop, and 10 of prolific wheat. Mesers. Allon Brothers, 23 aerea golden drop and prolific mixed, 10 acres golden drop, 15 acres red straw, 17 acres short oats, 13 aerea Turtarian. Mr. Frazer, 20 aerea of red atraw and golden drop, and 1J acres of rye. Mr. Quine, 23 acres white velvet, 17 acres white Tuscan, and 7 acres Talavera. Mr. Donelly, 50 acres golden drop and prolific. Mr. De- laney, 50 acreB golden drop und prolific. Mr. Cummins, 30 acres golden drop, 10 acres Tar- tarian oats. Mr. Andrew Johnston, 4* acres Tutean, 2¿ red straw, 43 golden drop and prolific mixed, 30 acres Tartarian oats, 10 acres potato oats, £ acre rye. Dean.-Mr. Naples, 23 acres golden drop and prolific, and 7 acres Tartarian oats. Learmonth. Mr. James Baird, 130 acres Tartarian and Bandy oats, alco a «mall quantity Canadian ; 100 acres white Tuscan and white y el vet wheat, 40 acres loft fallow, and 80 acres sown with rye grass and clover. Smeaton Plain*. -Mr. J. G. Cowan, 30 acres golden drop, 20 white TuEcan, 10 acres prolific, and 10 acres Stndden (an Irish variety, which was sown last season for the first timo, and which, though put in late, yielded very well), 50 acres Tartarian, and 50 acres short oats. Mr. Thos. Barry, 65 »cres prolific, white Tusoan, and Rolden drop, and 60 acres short oats. Mr. Nose, 60 acres golden drop, Tuscan, and purple Btrow, and 40 acreB Tartarian and short oats. Mr. Byrne, 25 acres wheat and 20 acreB oata. Mr, Toose, 220 acres wheat and oats ; the wheat is golden drop, purple straw, Tuscan, and Talaverian. Red straw, golden drop, and white Tuscan and short oats seem to be the varieties of wheat and oats moat generally sown thiB year in this portion of the district." The Talbot Leader reports ;-" The weather Btill continues very iavourable for farming operations. The keon frosts of tbo past have been succeeded by gentle showers and warm sunshine. The market-gardeners complain sadly of tho ravages of the blight; cabbasres and turnips as usual suffer moBt; in fact, the latter, In every part of the district, have been totally destroyed by this pest ; carrots appear to escape altogether, and some splendid crops of winter varieties have been obtained from light Boils. Three tons per acre was tho yield from a patch of three ucres noar Moon- ambel. A good deal of ground will be sown this season for crops of this descrip- tion, including mangold and beetroot. The dairymen are now awake to the fact that a store of food mUBt be raised for their cattle, if tbey wiBh to derive profit from their occu- pation in season of drought. A good many twenty-acre selectors are sowing, generally for bay and other crops. Tho price of dairy produce this year has rendered eggs, butter, and milk unobtainable, unlesB by the few. Butter, fresh, has Bold for months at from 2?. 6d. to3a. per lb.; eggs, 2a. 6d. per dozen; milk- well, to obtain this at any price you must be a personal friend of the dairyman." " A ramble through the -bush between Ma- jorca ond Deep Creek," writes the Carisbrook Independent, " affords an opportunity of seeing a little of the ead effects of the previous season's drought, It la impossible to travel far before the decaying carcase of some bullock, horse, or sheep arrests the attention, while the bore trunks of the sheoaks, Btandiug shorn of their branches, show to what straits tbo owners of cattle have been driven to pro- vide some substitute for the grass of the field. We ure thankful to see the iudicatioue of the present season have a more favourable tendency, and truBt that a sufficiency of rain may fall to meet the wants of both man and beast." A strange disease has attacked horsea in tho Maryborough district. The Advertise/ toys:-"On Friday afternoon the alreadj long list of dead horses was further inoreaaeo by an animal belonging to Mr. Fowler, o: Carisbrook, falling down dead in tho street near Mr. Hull's residence, The animal hoc been at work during the morning, and hac just started ont for his afternoon's work whei he suddenly gave np the ghost." The Western Times (Portland) gives the foi lowing advice to the farmers of the district -"As the cry all over the colony of.Victorii at the present time is ' EncoaraKO colonial in dustry,' wo would commend its considera tioii to our immediate neighbours. A clasi of personB in tbo colony with which tin tarili does not fairly deal is the farmers, ant we suggest to this CUBS the necessity of muk ing cheese. For some time past Englist cheese has been selling at the rate of 2*. pe Ib., which is no doubt chiefly owing to tai dreadful scourge which has broken ou among the cattle at home. Colonial chees has also been dear, Belling at 16d. per lb. \V cannot seo why a greater quantity cannot b made both in the neighbourhood of Port lund and the colony at large. Soma of th cheese which has been supplied to the towi has been excellent- Becond only to the fines English-and we doubt not that if th farmers would make more, not only th Western district but the whole of Victor! would be benefited by the enterprise. Ther can be no excuee on the part ot our farmer on the score of price, for surely cheese at 16 to 18d. per lb. ought to be sufficient remunere ilon to impel oar farmers to its manufat ture." The Rokewood correspondent of the Qeelon Register reports ;-"OccupantB under the 42n< section Of the Amending Land Act are al busy, and some moy bo Been fencing, som grabbing, some ploughing, some sowing, au tome building houses for a comfortable ho me and in a little while will be seen the crop flourishing and the tillers looking forwar for a good market where, a few weeks ago, stray Eheep or two might have been seen ; an what a difference next harvest will shov now the Land Bill is worked in this dil trlct." The Talbot Leader mentions that a good dei of land is being taken up uuder the 42n clause " in Avoca, Moonambel, Warrenmaai &c;, The area of ground now taken up b selectors under the "Land Act, 1865, ia ver great in this district The old tracks throug tbe bush from one digging to another ai giadually beiug fenced in, und old traveHei are often sorely puzzled as to where they ma be. The twenty acre post-and-rall fences, together with the brcsh abomination of the squatter, form a regular network, and woe bo to the weary horseman or travelling bagman who forsakes the main road,-depending upon his knowledge of the country, it may be, only a few montha before. Unless provided with an axe anu a strong arm to cut his way out, there is only the one alternative, viz, retrace his stepB." From Guichen Bay a correspondent writes: -"The weather continues moBt favourable for the growth of the grasa. The lambing appears likely to Bhow a very fair percentage this aeaEon. It is to be hoped that the recent raine in the north will bring down the Btook and tbe price of mea*-, which haa been for some months past a luxury rarely attainable by many poor families in Adelaide, while in this district, within a few miles of a seaport, animals have been slaughtered by thousands, and their carcases left rotting on tho ground. The flesh of these animals (kangaroos) ia esteemed by many a delicacy,. and would no doubt have been readily sold in either the Adelaide or Melbourne markets at remunera- tive prict-B, and at the same time a blessing conferred upon many a poor family." The following on the rearing of poulty ia worthy of attentiou :-" Mrs. Ferguson Blair (saya the Field), who haa practically tried the rearing of poultry, addressing farmers on the stock suited to farmyards, gives the following advice :-' Parchase aBrahmnpootra cock and four hens ; set every egg. From these keep all the pullets, and kill off all the cockerels. In the autumn, sell or exchange the adult Brahma cock for a large Dorking, and your yard will then be stocked for the season. If you can board out the Brahma cock he will again be of use in the following spring with your adult Brahma hens ; but ou no account must he be permitted to remain in your yard with the pullets. A cottager, for a remunera- tion, will gladly take charge of him, and rear as many chickens aa is desired for carrying out the system. In this way your original atock will aupply your yard tor many seasons. From thirty Brahma pullets you will have about ten dozen eggs a week all the winter ; and the cross with the Dorking produces the finest possible chickens for market, but not to breed from. Pure Brahmas alone muat be kept for that purpose; I have always found .the second cross worthless. AB Brahmas do* not constantly phow a desire to incubate, their period of laying being much more extended than that of Cochins, some of these hens (not the leggy, tucked-np looking things BO often called such, but abort-legged, compact, well-feathered birds) may with advantage be kept to act as morhers ; they sit early, and are capital nurses. Fowls may thus with judicious treatment and feeding be made to weigh eight poonda instead of four, and at the same or perhaps less cost, commanding higher pricea and a surer Bale than the usual poultry produced iu a farmyard." 