SUPREME COURT. WEDNESDAY, MAY 9, 1866. CiviL SITTINGS. BEFORE his Honor the Chief Justice. MONK v. HARRIS-(Resumed.} Mr. Shaw and Mr. Cooper for plaintiff! the Attorney-General, Mr. Pring, and Mr. Bram- ston for defendant. Mr. PRING- (in the absence of the Attorney General) then proceeded to address the jury for the defendant, and said he should not take up the time of the jury by going through the evi- dence in detail; he would first invite their attention to the position in which thoeparties stood towards each other. The plaintiff had put a ease of hiring and service before them, as if he (the plaintiff) was a hired servant to superintend the work in question, and that de- fendant was liablo to pay all the men ho en- gaged to assist him. The defendant had paid £400, and he contended that that Bum amply paid for all the work done and materials' pro- vided. The learned counsel then proceeded to comment at length upon the evidence as to the alleged conversation on the 2nd November, upon whioh it was. attempted to show an im- plied contract. He (the learned counsel) should , contend that there was no evidence that defen- dant ordered the new stem, new stern, and new tolson. The defendant might have told him to make a good job of it, but that did not warrant the plaintiff in .coming there and ohorging £ 570 odd for work that was proved to be badly dpno, and the vessel even lop-sided, when they bad the evidence df the foreman of Mr. Cuth- bert, the eminent ship-builder of Sydney, that they could turn a now vessel out, of her size, complete and ready for sea, for £525, which was something like £50 less than plaintiff claimed for labor alone. With regard to the quoBtion as to whether tho £400 paid was sufficient, there was the evidence first that a new vessel could be had for £525 ; secondly, that if the witness Phegan, who valued the work and labor done and materials provided by plaintiff at £366 7s. 6d., if they believed him they (the jury) could come to no other conclusion than that the £400 amply paid the plaintiff. Thon they had tbo evidence of Captain Dring as to overcharge for materials to the amount of £41 7s. 2d., which would be important for the jury in this way, that should they come to the conclusion that plaintiff was entitled to £420, defondnnt would be entitled to have that amount deducted, whioh would then turn the verdict in defendant's favor; and this witness also spoke to tho valuo of the work and materials, which ho estimated at £139 16s. 6d. over and above the £200 paid to plaintiff. Then they had the witness Captain Manson, who put down the valuo of the labor and materials at £324, and valued the vessel as she floated at only £505. Next the witnesses Martin and Williams, who estimated the work and labor done respectively at £324 4s. 2d. and £360 9a. There was the evidence of four practical men, and he (Mr. Pring) would ask the jury," on looking at that oveidence, to Bay whether the plaintiff had or had not been'paid a reasonable remuneration according to measure and value. Tho learned counsel commented at length upon the whole of the evidence, and concluded by submitting to the jury that tho dofendant had already paid over and abovo whot was a just claim. Beforo sitting down, ho would remind thom that if the plaintiff's account was correct, it was a very strange faot that it had cost £570 4s. 3d. to Work up £167 worth of materials. He (Mr Pring) begged to thank the jury for the atten.* tion they had paid to this very tedious ease and he would now leave the case in their hands' feeling BatisfMthoy would do justice between the- parties. " " ~ *v ' - ' Mr. SHAW then-replied on the whole case and commenced bysaying that tho proposition that there was an' implied 'contract to simply alter the Hamlot's Ghost from a clincher built vessel to a yacht could not be sustained by the evidence, but that though the defendant did not direoüy ordor all the alterations made, yet if he impliodly Bonotioned them, he waB bound to pay for thom, and that all that had been done had been done of necessity under the general order of defendant to make a good job of her. The learned counsel concluded a speech of some length, and asked the jury to say that the plaintiff had proved his case, and was en« titled to their vordiot for the amount claimed. The CHIEF JUSTICE then proceeded to sum up, and said that he did not propose to read at length the extensive and voluminous notes he had taken. He should only remark gene- rally, and if there was any point he might omit to which the counsel wished to draw his attention they could do so. Ho (tho learned Judge) might say at the outset that he did not think that the plaintiffs refusal to go to arbitra tion should havo any weight with the jury-if he preferred to appeal to this Court he had a. perfect right to do so ; and they (the iurv) must * bear in mind that the question of cost and value were totally distinct questions. It was to be regretted that in a transaction of this kind, instead of a voguo kind of verbal agreement there was not a written agreement, by which each party might have been guided. The whole subject of contract at most was valued at £110, upon whioh, according to tho evidence, the sum of £1035 16s. 7d. had been expended j which, to say the least, was a rather extensive " repairing. At the Bame time, if Mr. Harris gave the order, whether the labor was well bestowed or ill bestowed, he must pay for it, though the plaintiff was bound to show reason- able skill, that was skill of plan and design, and in the execution thereof. The learned Judge having commented upon the case at length, said the whole question was one peou liarlyfor tho jury, and he had no doubt they, as practical men, would find no difficulty in deal- ing with it. The jury retired atten minutes past 3, and at ten minutoB past 4 returned into court with a verdict for tho plaintiff for £146 17s., ixclu aive of the £200 paid into court. This case closed the sittings, and the court adjourned she die. CRIMINAL SITTINGS Before his Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche. ATTEMPT TO SET FIRE TO A DWELLING HOUSE. William Hardy was indicted for that upon the 18th day of April last, he feloniously, un- lawfully, and maliciously did attempt by then setting fire to a certain mosquito curtain attached to a part of tho furniture of a bed then being in a dwelling-house, the property of one John Hardy, and in the occupation of the prisoner, feloniously, unlawfully, and maliciously to set fire to the said dwelling-house, with intent to injure. It appeared from the evidence of John Guppy, a man of color and a native of Calcutta, who was the principal witness, that upon the day mentioned in the information he saw the pri- soner in a back yard in Charlotte Street very drunk ; he was informed by some children that William Hardy was lying in the back yard dead. Guppy carried him into the house, and took him to his own bedroom, and told him to lie down ; prisoner asked for a pipe, and inquired about his wife, and Guppy told him he would get him a pipe and fetch his wife to him directly ; prisoner then went out of the bedroom to the kitchen ; he was so drunk that he fell down ; he got up again and went to the fireplace, and got a fire stick to light his pipe; he took the fire stick with him into his bedroom, which opened from the kitchen the foot of the bed was close to the door of the kitchen ; prisoner sat down on 'a form which was close alongside the bed, and appeared to be trying to light his pipe ; and as soon as he sat down the curtains took fire ; he sat down as if he wished to light his pipe, his head moving to and fro, and the curtains hanging before him, they took fire. Guppy said he thought it might have happened by accident. Stephen M'Cann was examined with reference to something alleged to have been said by the prisoner, but he did not prove anything. _ The Attorney-General consented to a verdict of acquittal. CrvrL SITTINGS. Before his Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche. BOOTH V. HENNINGS. Upon the motion of Mr. COOPER, the record was withdrawn in this case. HABÉIS AND OXHEBS V. BOTHWELL. In this case J. and G. Harris and Co. sued Abraham Bothwell for money payable for good» bargained and sold, goods sold and delivered, interest and money due on account stated. Issue was joined on a plea of never indebted. The Attorney-General and Mr. Pring for the plaintiffs ; and Mr. Cooper for defendant. John Kennedy, warehouseman to tho plain- tiffs, dopoBod that in January last ho saw the defendant; defendant said that ho requirod certain goods to bo supplied to his brother at Breakfast Creek, who was a publican there ; ho mentionod especially old tom, brandy, and ale, and also any other goods that his brother might order; ho said he would pay cash for the goods, as he did not want any more credit from the firm until a previous bill of ha for £100 was met ; after that order was given, Kcnnody delivered at the store to James Rothwell's dray- man, upon the written ordor of James Both- well, two eases of old tom, £3 16s. ; ten gallons brandy, £11 5s., and one hogshead ale at £7 10s. ; he delivered these goods under instruc- tions from the firm, and would not have de- livered them but for the conversation ho had with Abraham Bothwell; this lot was delivered on the 2nd February ; on the 13th February ho also delivered two hogsheads ale to the same drayman j the value of the total amount sup- plied was £47 11B. Oncross-examination by Mr. COOPEE, Kennedy deposed that the goods were debited in the books of the firm to James Bothwell ; there had been previous transactions with the samo parties j they had never been settled for. George Sugden deposed that he lived in the Valley ; in February last was drayman in th. employ of Mr. James Bothwell, landlord of tho Bowling Green Hotel; on the 2nd February last he got the goods Bpeoified by Mr. Kennedy, 1 as supplied to James Bothwell, and on the lßth I February he got the two hogsheads of ale, also mentioned by Mr. Kennedy ; he delivered the goods at the Bowling Green Hotel. John Taylor Simmons, collector to Messrs. J. and G. Harris, deposed that he knew defendant ; about 15th February he called upon defendant to collect the account ; he called several times, and on each occasion he said he would pay hta in a few dayB ; on one occasion ho calleo on VV. and B. Brookes, where defendant was employed, for a cheque, as promised, but did not get it. Mr. COOPER, for tho defendant, contended that if there were any credit given to James Bothwell, even if a joint credit were given to both brothers, he was entitled to a verdict, al the promise to pay Harris and Co. should have been made in writing, otherwise the promise would be void under the Statute of Frauds. The learned counsel quoted Anderson v. Hay mon, 1 Henry Blackstone, p. 121. In this casa a tradesman delivered goods to A, at the re- quest and credit of B, who said, before deli- very, "I will be bound for the payment of tM money as far as £800 or £1000.'* This promise of B, not being in writing, was held void by the Statute of Frauds, if it should appear that credit was given to A as well as B. His HONOB, in summing up, pointed out tust there were two transactions. The first ord« was given distinctly by the defendant, and tie amount of that order was £22 11s., and it appoored to him that upon that part ox the case the jury must find a verdi« for that amount at least. With regard to tlic second transaction, his Honor directed that u they thought that James Rothwell/was primarily liable, and Abraham Bothwell only collaterally liable in event of default of payment' by James Rothwell, "thon they would reduce the damageB by the value of the second transac- tion, £15.' Upon the suggestion of the Attorney-Genoral, his HoNOB adverted to the fact that upon the count of nocounts seated there was evidence that the defendant promised to ' pay tho whole amount, and that, therefore, if they believed the witness Simmons, thoy would find a verdict for the full amount olaimed. Verdict for plaintiff. Damages, £37 Ila. OuXIEN V. POIXOOK. In this case E. B. Cullen sued R. A. Pollock on behalf of the firm of A. and R. A. Pollock, upon an agreement to purchase certain sheep. There was also the'usual money counts. Tho defendant denied the breach, and pleaded never indebted to the residuo of the declaration. Mr. Shaw appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Pring for tho defendant. Edward Beaufort Cullen, tho plaintiff, was sworn, and deposed that he was the lessoe of Towns' wharf, at South Brisbane ; ho knew the dofondant ; ? on 14th or 15th December last he had a conversation with him about the sale of some sheep ; defendant called upon him twice or three times about the Bale of sheep ;> he had previously bought two parcels of plaintiff; he wanted to know the price, and plaintiff told him 12s. j they ultimately agreed that defendant should take the pick i of tho lot that remained, about 800, at 9s. cash, and pick 200 more ; plaintiff gave him an order on Mr. Martin, Buotionoer, for delivery of a blank number of sheep, at 9s. por head j there was no agrcomont to this effect reduoed into writing, 4 Mr. PEINO here stated that ' there would be no question arising on tho money counts. The issuo would narrow itself into agreement or no agreement. , i [ j ,, , Examination continued : Plaintiff delivered twenty-five sheep himsolf; (receipt for twenty fivo sheep put in, signed by defendant for.-the firm); defendant gave that receipt; no one was present beside plaintiff and defendant whon the agreement was entered into ; it was entered into in the street ; defendant, after making agree- ment, had conversation with plaintiff m pre- sence of a man, named Kane ; plaintiff asked defendant why ho had not come according to his promise, and taken' delivery of the balance of tho sheep ; he Baid lie did not want them then, and asked plaintiff to send them up the country as he had bought some sheop ; ho said at another time that ho would come at 6 o'olock, tho following morning to, take them ; thirty-one sheep were delivcrod ¡ they were never paid for to plaintiff; Mr. Martin gives credit for sovon teon since action commenced, and after a caution to Mr. Martin not, to take payment for them. « '. , ', By Mi'. PBING : The sheop were handod over to Mr. Martin as seourity for payment of £600 which Martin had advanced to plaintiff) the agreement was not entered into wijh tho de- fendant on the record, but with another man ?whom plaintiff believed to bo his brother. Upon this evidence, Bis HONOB ruled that, as thp names of the two parties composing tho firm had been known, that there was no proof on the eviden'co that the contract was entered into by the defendant on the record, and that there was no proof that the defendant WUB a member of the firm, a nonsuit must be directed. | > NonBuit entered accordingly. This concluded tho1 Court business, and the Court adjourned sine dje.- . ' 