RELIGIOUS AND PHILANTHROPIC. COSSECRATIOK OF THE ROMAS CATHOLIC BI5H0P r-9 Adelaide. fFrorn the Melbourne Herald, August 16.1 One of the grandest and most solemn of the spectacles of the Roman Catholic Church is the consecration of a Bishop ; and from the fact t bit verr few creations take place in the Southern lleauspucie, tne interest auacinng to me cere mony is extensive. The vacancy in the present instance has occurred by the decease of theliight jiev. Dr. Geoghegan. who expired some months fiince in Dublin, whilst on a visit to his native land. All who knew the deceased prelate in Mel bourne deeply deplored his death, as a scholar, a profound thinker, and a most Christian ceutleman w:i3 thereby lost to the Church and the com ruunity. His immediate successor is l-r. Shiel, heretofore acting as Archdeacon of Ballarat, but also well known for many years in Melbourne and other districts of Victoria, as one of the most sue- i ccs*M pioneers of Christianity and education. ; Hi3 zeal in each instance has been unceasing, j and at length he has been rewarded for lus i labours by being elected one of the Princes of hu church, and receiving the mitre, one of the greatest honours conferred by ths Church of Home. I Un Wednesday morning (15^h) he was consecrated | in St. Francis's Church, in the presence of an immense congregation. Soon after 11 o'clock the procession moved from the vestry, headed by the Kight Her. Dr. Goold, Bishop of Melbourne; the Kight Rev. Dr. Murphy, liiahop of Hobirt Town; the Bight Kev. Dr. Kloi, Bishop of Southern Oceanic*: and the Bishop elect; a large number of pneat3 following in the train to- tlia sanctuary; ? The consecration service then began,' the organ and choir in a 'bunt of sacred melody commencing Mozart's 'Twelfth Mass;' Professor .Hughes acting as organist' The officiating Bishop, the Bight Eev. Dr. Goold, hadf or his aasi3tant-deacons to the throne the Kev. Henry England and the Bev. F. Corbett The deacons of the 'maw were heYeryBer. Dr. Hayes, Deoa tf Sandhurst, acd he Bev. James Moore, of Keilor, and his Lord- , hip's chaplains, the Very Eev. VDr. Kleasdale and | he Bev. Geo. Barry. - The Very Bev. the yicar kneral, Dr. Fitzpatrick. acted as assistant priest, [lie. chaplain of the. Bishop of Hobart Town was he Ber. S. Bcardon. ; The Very Bey. Dr. Forrest, )t at. John's College, Sydney, officiated as chap lain to Bishop Eloi, and the Very Bev. Dr. 5myth. Vicar-Oeneral of Adelaide, in th« same capacity to the Bight Rev. Dr. S'hieL Amongst the -ilergymen present were the Bev. Julian Woodk- Penola, S.A.; Bevs. F. Downing and \- Hoyne. of Geelong: Bev. E. A. O'Dwyer, Sandhurst; Eev. W'. Finn, Heidelberg; Bey. M. Skflian. Crcswich: Revs. - Kavanagh and O'Drisco'd, Emerald Hill; Kev. B Power, Bal larat; llev. H. (/Hea, Pentridge; Bevs. i. Kelly, ;| S.J.; — Leutiiirue. S.J.; — ^olaii, a.J.; — McImry,S.J. The Very Ber. Dr. ftickhaus acted as master of cereni'mie*. The altar and throne had been beautifully and artistically decorated aider the supervision of Mr. D. Brookman, Clerk of St. Francis*. The celebrant was the Kight Eev. Dr. Goold, assisted by Blhops Murphy and EIou The ceremonial commenced by robing and vesting ihe prelate elect with vestments of the most hand some and costly description that could be procured in this portion of the world. He was then pre sented to the Eishon of the Diocese (Dr. Goold), and Dean Hayes read in the Latin tongue the bull that had been received appointing Dr. Shiel Bishop of Adelaide. Dr. Shiel then took the oath of obedi ence to His .Holiness the Pope, and promised to observe the rights of the See of Adelaide intact. His examination as to the faith entruhted to him, his fea'ty to the Pope, and humility to the poor, was tien nrocwded with bv the Bishon of Melbourne. ±ue ntany Having oeen sung, tne nrmn veni Creator' was chanted, while the head and hands of the prelate elect were anointed with holy chrism, and the gloves and episcopal ring handed i to him. The consecrating and consecrated Bishops then said mass to the lesson, and afterwards at the same altar together partook of the same chalice and host. Then having beea presented with the pastoral staff, the newly created Bishop moved with the other Bishops down the church, and bestowed his benediction on the congregation. Un , returning to the altar after mass had been said the newly consecrated Bishop was enthroned by Dr. Goold, and received the usual salutations from his brother prelates. The ceremony, which lasted nearly three hours, was now concluded, the choir singing the 'Te Deum*' in the same manner as in the chapel of His Holiness the Pope at Borne. The Kev. 13. Power, of Ballarat, th?n preached the consecrating sermon, taking for his text, ' Go ye, ' and teach all nations.'' Matthew xxviiL, 10. After treating bis subject in a most scholarly and eloquent manner, though evidently Buffering from indisposition, addressing the Bishop of Adelaide, he said:— 'And now, my Lord Bishop, I will claim your indulgence for a moment while I address to you personally a few words on the Eoleinn scene in which you naturally stood out as the principal object. In obedience to the voice of Peter's successor, you have accepted a territory an-- a flock, to rule them as BUhop of the Church of God. The holy anointment has placed you on the episcopal bench to assist theni with your piety, your prudence, and learning, in the mizhty work for which the Holy Ghost has 6et them apart. For the burden of the episcopate, humanly sneaking, is intolerable. You mu3t lean un the Almighty arm of Him whose voice has elected you from among men to bear it. The early training of a spotless life has fitted you for it— whether it was in the Irish home of your boyhood, where, under the teaching and example of a Bishop who now is resting in the bosom of God, and whose sainted name must be familiar to .those by whom I am surrounded— the late Dr. Hughe?, of Gibraltar— you first were led to devote your life to the service of God, or in Borne amid the clois'crs of St. Isidore's convent on the Piucvan Hill, where for yean you drank in the spirit of your sainted founder St. Francis— the spirit of self-sacrifice and humility, or of the cross, or in the academic halls already cousecrated by the genius, prodigious learning, and holy life of the great Luke Wadding, where you received the honours justly due to y«ur talents. If these be claims sufficient to justify your elevation to the episcopate they are entirely yours. My Lord Bishop, if 13 years of arduous foreign mission - life upon the Australian land are to-uay crowned, uy tne scene ot wmen we are spectators, it is only the approving verdict of the several flocks whom you guided with fidelity and zeal, aud who in return obeyed your holy counsels aud practice, as their pastor, with cheer ful docility and ardour. Let no poor word3 of mine further stay the course of the Holy Spirit in your favour; let the imposing hands and holy anointing bring Him down from .on hiuh. filling your heart and brain with the (lifts of peace and power to enable you to accomplish the mighty work set apart for you: let the fires of the Spirit descend upon. you at whose kindling touch the holy priest will be changed into a bishop of God's holy church, and then, my Lord Bishop-elect, with the mitre of justice on your consented head, with the staff of power in your hand, 'go forth to teach and rule the new in heritance* of Adelaide assigned, to you. Ours will be the grief in parting with you, hers will be the conEoIation— Victoria loses the faithful, loving priest; she gains the Bishop of her desires. Such are the compensations of a good Providence in the evtir-shiltiujj scenes of life. Go forth, ray Lord Bishop, with the prayers and blesaing3 of your frieuds and flock* for your future happiness here and beyond the grave; and when the evening of. I trust, a long life shall by its thickening shadows warn you that your course has well nigh run out, when surrounded and supported by the affection and fidelity of a faithful priesthood and flock, the corona fratrum may she, our risen Queen, whose glories the Church to-day is chanting from Rome to Melbourne, stand by your dying pillow to shed round it the sweet fragrance of her interces sionary power; may she lead you in the dark night of death across the wilderness to Jesus the eternal Pontiff, who will give you that crown of unfading beauty awarded to those who preserve the faith.' The proceedings were then concluded, and bishops, doctors, dean?, and acolytes left the sanctuary. Kent Town Wesletan Chorch. The fiwt anniversary services of the Wesleyab Jubilee Church, Kent Town, were commenced on Sunday, August 19. TheEev. J. G. Millard officiated in the morning, preaching from Luke xv. 7. In the evening the BeT. John .Wateford preached, selecting for his text Isaiah liii. 5. The congregations upon each occasion were very large, and the usual anniversary collec tions were made. The tea and public meeting was held on Mouday, August 20. A very large number of peiaons took tea at half-past 5 o'clock, and at the public meeting held at 7 the church was well filled. Mr. G. P. Harris presided, being introduced to the chair by the Lev. J. WaUford, who expressed his regret that the respected Superintendent of the Circuit was absent from them through ill-health. After singing, and prayer offered by the Rev. W. Bigg, The Chaihuax said a year had passed since that sanctuary had been opened for divine worship, and they had met that evening to celebrate their first anniversary. There were at present 107 Church members, and a flourishing Sunday-school of over 200 children, the average attendance being 150. It was highly gratifying to see such results, especially as they were attained without materially affecting other Churches. Pirie-street, instead of being weakened, was, in fact, stronger in its number of members than before their Church was opened, and Korwoed had lost but very few. Those successes demanded then: thankfulness and grati tude to- Almighty God. There was a debt on the property, but it was not felt to be burdensome; but while much had been accomplished there was niuch to do. The population of that neighbour hood was rapidly increasing, and extra accommo dation would shortly have to be provided ; and the Trustees, being fully aware of the importance of providing for the wants of the community, in tended that evening to make an etlort so as to provide the required accommodation. The Teeasukeb (Mr. H. Kingsborough) then read a financial statement, showing the actual debt at present on the chapel to be £1,568 17s. 5d. He also read a s-hort report, as follows :— 'It is becoming more and more evident to the Trustees that they must make increased provision for the Sabbath-school and congregation, and would therefore propose to-night to raise subscrip tions for the purpose of completing this church by the erection of the transept; and they bind them selves, if supported by you, to proceed at ouce with such erection. Last year application was made to the Chapel Loan Kund for a loan of £500, to be repaid by annual instalments; but the claim wa3 jenerously withdrawn in favour of that of the iVrcherstr'et Trustees. This year the application nil be renewed for the £500. which will assist in Jefrajing the expenses of the proposed alteration, the Trustees therefore make their appeal with :onndence to the congregation and their friends [enerally to help them in raising the necessary unda to provide the increased accpmmodatioit for { he Sabbath-school and congregation, which is so leeessary, without adding to the financial burden rhich is already as heavy as can be Drudentlv dealt with.' The Rev. J. Da Q. Robdt read the pastoral report, as under:— ' It lias been thought desirable at this first anni versary of the Church, along with the financial statement of the Trustees, to furnish a general report of the state and progress of the Society and congregation. It is matter for devout thanks giving to God, and also for hearty congratulations, that so great an amount of success has attended an undertaking as we have the privilege this day to report. All that was hoped for when the build ing was contemplated has been more than realized. A. numerous and respectable congregation regu larly assembles here every eabbata Day. Nearly every sitting in the church h let to regular wor Ehipner.*, and additional pews for families are required. About 120 members are meeting in chus in Church fellowship. The Sabbath-school lm on its roll 240 scholars, instructed by 2fi of our earnest and self-denying fellow labourers. A Christian Association for our ! young men, under the directien of the junior ! minister, has been lately formed, and which pio- \ niises to be a great blessing. We may here*say j that we shall be glad to welcome any of the young men of the congregation who will join the Asso- ! elation. A number of onr young friends arc i actively engaged i:i the useful work of tract-distri- 1 butioc, and many of our tasters have formed them- ! selves into :i Ladies' Sewing Committee, ?ho give 1 tha profits of theii labours to the Trust Funds of the Church. These simple statements of fact furnish abundant proof that we and our fellow helpers have not run in vain, and they also encourage us to persevere in our w»rk. With St. Paul 'atAppii forum and the three taverns,' we thank O-*1 and take courage. We would remind ourdear friends, the members of theChurch finrf mntn'fH'tlfTrtn that tha ftlfliM nmanarttv l\f the Church rests mainly, upon themselves. God is ever faithful to His word; and if our friends are careful not to foi sake the assembling of themselves together, as the manner of gome is; if they diliccntiy, prayerfully, bclievingly wait upon God in His appointed ways, the blessinjs that nitketh rich will n ot be withheld. ' Save now, we beseech Thee, O Lord; O Lord, we beseech/Thee, send now prosperity.' ' The Hew R. C. Fiockabt moved the first resolu tion, as follows :— .'That th2 report and financial statement now read be adopted; and that this meeting presents its devout thanksgivings to Almighty God, the Author of all prosperity, for the very gratifying success which has hitherto attended the Kent Town Wesleyan Jubilee Church, and rejoices in the prospect of still further enlargement.' Mr. J. CoLTOif, MJP., seconded the resolution, wh'ch wa3 carried unanimously. The Bev. W. Bigg moved— 'Tliat this meeting pledges itself heartily to ce operatc with the Trustees in their efforts to afford increased accommodation far the Sabbath- school and congregation; and, while affording practical help in the undertaking; would prayerfully remem berthat 'Except the Lord build the house, they alxmr in vain that build it' '' The Bev; JohhsWatsfobd having seconded the resolution, it was passed n-m. con. . . ? Subscription-cards were then handed amongst the congregation, and in a short time reached the amount ' of.: £2&.viiicfc with tha. collection! oa ? 5unday £20, proceeds of the tea £12. and the even ng'o collection, makes a total of £321 for the anni versary services. ,??...--:? j. '.-' The folloiriugresolutions were then unanimously carried:— ? .. ? . , -, ? . Moved by the Bey* Mr. FLOCKiET, seconded by Mr. T. W. Isgium;— 'That the special thanks of this meeting be (riven to the ladies of the Bazaar and the Sewing Committee, who have, as is their wont, laboured so zealously and successfully to promote the interests of the Church; and also who have provided the tea on the present occasion.' The Bev. Mr. Koum moved, and Mr. T. Rhodes seconded— 'That the thanks of this meating be presented to the ministers who have kindly assisted at thii anniversary; and to the choir for the very efficient services they have reiii!cre-1, both on the present oc&ision; and throughout the year; and ako to — Sliarland, Esq., for the \ery generous loan of the harmmv.um. Moved by the Eev. J. Watsford, and seconded by Mr. KisgsbouODCH— ' That the thanks of this meeting are due, and are hereby given to G. P. Harris. Esq., who has so ably presided over this aieeting, for the valuable aid he has given, not only on the present occasion, but from the com mencement of this enterprise.' The meeting closed about 10 o clock with tne doxology and the benediction. .New Presbyterian Church. MoairrFLSASAST. — Ourcorrespondent writes :— 'Theopeningservicea of the Presbyterian Church, Mount Pleasant, took )iace on ounoay, JUiy za, wiieu very impressive iermons were preached in the morning and evening )y the Rev. J. Lvali, of Adelaide, and in the ifternoon by the Bev. J. Boddick, the church being illed at all the services— the collections amounting ;o £27. On Monday afternoon a tea meeting was aeld in the schoolroom, which was exceedingly srell attended. At 6 o'clock a public meeting was held in the church, which iva3 filled to excess, many having to stand outside. Mr. Smith, of Strathalbyn, presided. Fhe Bev. J. Boddick read the Building Committee's report as follows : — ' With regard to the plan of the building, while with out architectural pretension, and while utility rather than ornament has been kept steadily in view, the Committee have aimed to luake it as neat and suitable as possible to the requirements of the district They entered upon the work desiring as far as they could to limit their expen diture within a certain sum, so as to entail little or no debt upon the congregation. With this view several additions, such as a porch, &c; were struck out from the original plan, which might have improved the external appearance of the building. They judged it best, however, at the same time to dispense with all that was not essential and not affecting the actual accommoda tion required, and to leave any such improvements to be hereafter decided upon by the congregation as they shall think desirable. The building is at present seated fur 20), while more sittings can be added should it be found necessary. With regard to the state of the finances and the expenses hitherto incurred upon the church, the Committee beg te submit the following statement of accounts duly audited and found correct up to this date:— To contract for church, £577; sinking well and other expenses, £11 16s. 3d.-total, £t-18 16s. 3d. To meet this the Committee have received sub scriptions and proceeds of tea meeting, £38S 10s. Id.; by collections at yesterday's sen-ices and tea meeting this evening, £23 12s. 9d.— in all, £439 6s. lOA— leaving a balance of £179 9s. 5d. yet to be made up to clear oil' the church. This sum the Committee confidently expect will be fully met by this evening's collection, together with the bazaar undertaken by the ladies of the congrega tion, which is expected to take place in about two msnths hence, and for which the most vigo rous preparations are now in progress. In the meantime, however, as this Eum 13 due on the completion of the building, the Committee are enabled through the kindness of several friends to meet this claim, they having advanced this sum free of interest for a limited period.' Mr. Roddick, the Rev. J. Lyall. Mr. Howard, of South Ehine, the Bev. Mr. Hill (Wesleyan), and the Kev. Mr. Baker having addiessed the meeting, a collection was made, amounting to £13. Mr. A. Carmichael, of Morphett Vale, after addressing the meeting, moved a vote of thanks to the ladies for the tea, which was carried unani mously. Votes of thanks were then given to the chair, and a dismission liymn sung by the choir— led by Miss Lowe on the harmonium, who also very creditably led the psalmody at the services yesterday— and the benediction being pronounced by the Ber. J. Roddick, the services were closed. With regard to the building, externally it excels the usuaj plain buildings in the country by the addition of octagonal buttresses at each corner, finishing in pointed turrets, while the gable was finished in the form of embattlements— these with all the quoins of beautifully-dressed soft stone with which this district abounds. Internally the church measured 45x25, was of good heighth, and the seats of cedar; certainly a great improvement in the comfort winch they afforded. The platform and pulpit were of a very modern principle, and well-adapted for the Presbyterian mode of wor ship. The plans were by Mr. A. Carmichael, of Morphett Vale, who also superintended the erection of the building. PBE3BYTERIAN CHCBCH, STRATHALBYX— Messrs English & Brown are just completing an addition to the Presbyterian Church at Strathalbyn, for which they have acted in the double capacity of builders and architects. The addition consists of a nave added to the former building, which now forms the transept, and the whole edifice presents a very handsome appearance. The front dressings arc all of Portland cement, and the fresh pointing of the old masonry gives to the whole building a smart and elegant appearance. The interior will hold 500, and is furnished with an end gallery. A handiome spire, risiug 80 feet from the ground, adds considerably to the beauty of the structure. The whole cost of the additions is about £1,800. This will be admitted to be one of the handsomest of our country churches. NEW BIBLE CHRISTIAN CHAPEL AT WATERVALE. —Monday, the 20th August, was the day appointed for laying the foundation-stone of the new Bible Christian Chapel here, and, as the ceremony was to be performed by a lady, the Trustees caused such arrangements to be made as would secure an eclat proportionate to the amount of interest expected. A cold collation was provided in the old chapel, at which the minsters and local preachers were the guests of the Trustees, and the public were admitted at a charge of 2s. At midday the Rev. S. Keen took the chair as the pastor of the district, supported on the right and left by the other itinerant minister and the lay brethren. The tables were filled and re filled by the large company in attendance, but without confusion, and the interval between 12 and half-past 2-the time appointed for the ceremony proper— was occupied in this pleasant reunion. The weather was delightful— a brilliant sunshine with just enough of cloud to be an agreeable shade. The stone had been swung in the usual manner, and to the east of it the chapel harmonium had been placed, with seats round it for the choir; while around the whole, seats for the congregation had been disposed in the form of an amphitheatre. By half-past 2 the assembly had taken their places, and the service began by the choir singing the hymn ' How charming is the place,' and the Rev. S. Keen en gaging in prayer. The Rev. R. Lang next read the 84th Psalm, and gave out the hymn, 'Except the Lord conduct the plan,' which the choir ren dered in their best style. Mr. Keen then read the document which had been prepared for deposit beneath the stone, and which gave full statistics of the Bible Christian Church in the home and colonial circuits, the name of the lady who laid the foundation-stone, the names of the Trustees, &c;, &c.; This paper was then placed in a large glass receiver, with the latest copies of the Register and other newspapers, and handed to Mrs. James Badcock, who placed it in the receptacle that had been prepared for it beneath the stone. A silver trowel was then placed in her hand by the Rev. S. Keen, and she at once proceeded to adjust the stone. The task had been delegated to this lady as being one of the two oldest friends of the cause from ite advent here, and at all times a stanch and practical friend to it. The Rev. Mr. Allen then mounted the stone and delivered a most eloquent and touching address suited to the occasion. The rev. gentleman's pathetic and fervid appeals came home to the hearts of all, and made a deep im pression on his auditory. At the conclusion of the address, several thank-offerings were deposited on the stone: after which the choir gave the beautiful anthem, ' Great is the Lord.' in grand style. The choir possesses two magnificent tenor and bass voices, and the fine music was a real treat to all present and seemed to have peculiar charms- under the open sky. The Rev. Mr. Finch then engaged in prayer, and brought the service to a close. By this time the table had been rearranged, and again laid out with provisions for a sumptuous tea. After the tea a public meeting was held in Messrs. Diprose & Badcock's large corn store. By 7 o'clock the building was crammed, so that many had to stand on the platform outside. One of the Trustees (Mr. J. S. Cole), took, the chair. The meeting was addressed by Messrs. Keen, Allen, Finch, Lang, Day, and other speakers, and was pervaded by the greatest humour and unanimity, and did not break up till 1 1 o'clock. The result of the several services tabulated below was highly satisfactory in a pecuniary point of view, and in every other respect they will long be remembered here as among the most felicitous ever experienced in these parts:— Ladies of the congregation, £100; collections and promises, £178 8s. 6d; gifts re- ceived since. £8 12. Total, £287 0s. 6d. BIBLE CHRISTIAN CHURCH.— The foundation stone of the Bible Christian Chapel, Hoile's Plains, was laid on Tuesday, July 24, by Mr. Cowled, of Watervale. After which a public tea meeting was held in the house of Mr. G. Brain, to which 35 sat down. The meeting was presided over by Mr. W. Taylor, of Auburn, and. addressed by R. Lang and S. Keen. The cash and promises collected amounted to £60.— On Sabbath (29th) the anni versary of the Bible Christian Chapel, Riverton, was held, when three sermons were preached by Mr. J. Roberts, of Kapunda, to large and attentive :ongregations. On the following -2ny the usual tea. meeting was held. The public Ejecting, presidad aver by Mr. McMartin, was addressed by B. Lang (the schoolmaster of the village),. J. Roberts and S. Keen. The resalt of the meeting was satisfactory, considering the scarcity of money. One-third cf the debt was paid..— On Tuesday (31st) the fouadaticn-sUne of th%Dew chapel was laid at Upper Walufieldin the presence of 120neoole by Mr. S. Bsfcerts. A copy ol the Month*!/ Magazine] published by the Bookroom in England, a copy of the annual missionary report, a plan of the circuit, a copy of ihe South AiiRlrnlinii Rrniiter: aral a HivnmpnA cBtrinir lonii tue uoennes, «c. to oe preacoea in that chapel, was placed in a jar and put beneath the stone. Afterwards 120 sat down to a public tea. Air. J. Badcock, of Watenmle, presided over the public meeting, which was addressed by McBsrs. Day. Lanp, Wiltshire, and S. Keen. The collec tions and promises amounted to upwards of £80. The chapel will be in the Gothic syle, and is 38 x 24, the cost of which will be about £500 when completed, and will form a handsome picture in the lovely valley of the Wakefield. This was one of the best meetings held in this place. The old chapel will be leased for a schoolroom.— On Wed nesdajv August 1, the foundation-stone of the chapel in Lower Skilly was laid by Mrs. Cutford and Mr. : Wright in the presence of 70 people. After which the company sat down to tea in a large tent erected for the occasion. The public meeting, presided over by Mr. Day, of Auburn, was addressed by Messrs. Hancock, Lang, E. Edgecombe,- and S. Keen. The collections and subscriptions amounted to £70.— The whole of these meetings were concluded by the usual votes of thanks to the ladies and gentlemen who took a prominent part in the proceedings. The Moravian Missioxabies.— Mr. Walder, one of the Moravian missionaries, has sent us from Bethel a few interesting notes on their progress northward, which we subjoin. As to the origin of the mission, he says that it is ostensibly under the Moravian Mission Board in Germany, which is re presented in Australia by a Victorian Association. Practically the latter have absolute control of it and provide all the current expenses, the Board at homeBupplyingtrained miraionariea. The Victorian Association exists lor this one object and is Quite Dsectarian. in proof of which Mr. Walder sends 3 oneof iU. reports— an interesting document—, ut we must reserve it for future examination, 'hese are the notes of the journey to Bethel :— Thursday, ' 26th July- Started from Grenfell treet aH o'clock, and after a short halt at North Ldelaide reached Little. Para at 7 o'clock in the vening. . The journey was such as to cause a severe truggle in our minus between cheerfulness and exation. The horses did not work well together, ind once we had to go to the nearest house for assistance before we could get them over a difficult -art of the road. At other tunes the rain came lown in such torrents that in walking beside the lorses to encourage them, we had to plunge about n the mud as if there were no bottom to it In ?ome of the mudholcs I went in quite over the !e?ging». (Mr. Walder will do for a road surveyor when Tie returns from Cooper's Creek.) At the end of cur first «Iay'a work we were exceedingly thankful. A good tea warmed us up again, and then we tried our 'lodgings on wheels,' which were at leist much better than none at alL Friday, 27th —After another day of troubles similar to the pre ceding we reached, in the evening, the house nf the Hon. W. Duffield, where we met a very kind reception. Our appearance was not complimentary either to ourselves or to the roads, for 1 never in my life before saw men with so much mud upon them. Monday, 30th— After having enjoyed Sir. Dufficld's hospitality for two davs we stnrrpri aimin [or Jtcuiei, w uere we arxi veu last nigut. inis last zi- miles of road we had to pass over it would be im possible to give townspeople the least idea of. We intend to remain a week or 10 days here among jur German friends, during which time we hope the roads will get dry, so as to facilitate our further progress.' (We need hardly remind Mr. Waller that occasional communications from him like the nbove will always be welcome. J - Aborigines* F&osds;,' Association. The annual meeting of the Aborigines' Friends' Association took place on Tuesday evening, July 31, in the Flinders street Presbyterian Church. Mr. ? P. Santo, M.P., occupied the chair. The attendance was not very large. Prayer having been otiered by the Bev. Mr. Haining. The . Chaibhan opened the proceedings, and the Secretary (the Eev. W. B. Andrews) read the annual report as follows:— 'Annual Report of the Committee of th? Abori gines' Friends' Association for the year ending 2-ith May, 1S66. . 'Considering the manifold objects which the Aboriuines'Friends* Association have in view forthe amelioration of the condition of the natives of this land, viz. :-l, a watchful interest that their rights and claims are not forgotten or entrenched upon;^ 2, a continued effort to promote their Bocial eleva tion; :t, an endeavour to inculcate habits of in dustry; 4, the relief of the sufferings of the sick and aged; 5, the mental training and secular in struction of the children; &, and, above alL an effort to implant in their minds those truths which make wise unto salvation— it might well be ex pected that the Committee would be able to report a progress in some of these branches of their labour. The Committee are happy in thinking that there is not one *f these objects in which they cannot report some results, as to having been attained. 1\. vynne they are glad to be able to recognise l disposition on the part of the Legislature and the government to fulfil their undoubted responsi jilities in contributing to the comfort and pro ;ection of the aborigines, occasions have some limes occurred when it has been in the power )f the Committee to direet the attention of Government to instances where the claims and iiterests of the aborigines have been overlooked. '2. Among successful efforts to promote the social elevation of the native race may be men tioned the circumstance that some are not now satisfied unless the marriage ceremony is cele brated with solemnity and publicity. Two couples, at least, are now waiting an opportunity of mar riage according to Christian customs, it has also become a matter of ambition with some of the young men to erect permanent houses to dwell in; two of them arc now engaged in such an under taking. They express a wish that some right of occupation should be given them for their homes, and the Committee are happy to acknowledge the readiness with which the Government have acceded to the desire by a promise to give 'letters of occu pation' under these circumstances to such of the natives as erect permanent abodes for themselves. '3. Since a Iarcer tract of land trnanlnrAil nndoi tne control or tne uommittee Dy the Government, it was thought well te extend as much as possible the agricultural operations at the Mission Station, and this, as far as practicable, by native labour, not entirely with a view of profitable return, but also to induce habits of regular enployment and capacity of usefulness in agricultural labour en the part of the natives. The Committee have made an economical arrangement with an industrious man, who wwks, under the direction of the Super intendent with the natives while directing their labour. A considerable tract of land has betn cleared and fenced, aud is now under crop. 'The Committee have also been enabled, by the assistance of three gentlemen, who have made themselves responsible for the payment of the cost, to set up a small Mock of between three and four hundred sheep, which are depastured upon the land reserved for the natives at Point Macleay. 'It lias long been the desire of the Committee, if the means at their disposal had permitted, tc have employed some mechanic to instruct a few oi the native lads in the trade of shoemaking 01 harnessmaking, or some similar occupation which would tend to make them useful members ol society; but they regret much they have not yel been able to carry out this project Should ths contributions in aid of the Society's funds enable them to do. so, the Committee think they would now have little difficulty in making some suitable arrangement of this kind. '4. The Superintendent of the Mission, Mr, Taplin, continues to distribute a portion of the rations, blankets, and medicines to the sick and aged natives of that district which are appro priated by the Government for the purpose. '5. The number of children that have been under instruction is , and the average atten dance about 20. There is also an adult class ol both sexes, nearly equalling the children in num ber, and of late on the increase. The same system of education has been continued as in former years, which has been found suited to the capacity of the native children, and accords very much with the elementary instruction imparted in the Govern ment licensed schools. A careful regard to the moral training of the children bag rendered it desirable that a full acquaintance with the historical portions of Scripture should form a prominent part of the instruction conveyed. Music, both singing and instrumental, has been taught with considerable success. Or* the whole, the progress of the scholars fully equals the expec tation of their teachers. A vacancy having oc curred in the office of under teacher in1 the school, Mr. Taplin represents that he is in pressing need of assistance, nis duties having much increased of late years; and the Committee regret that they have as yet been unable to secure the services of an assistant One is earnestly desired who would hswc the great objects of die Association- at heart, and would, while possessing the necessarr qualifi cations, be zealous to engage iu the work. ' 6. Turning to the more directly religious efforts of the mission, which the CoinmitCee feel sure will be recognised as in truth the- sentral objeet of the Association, they have to repert that public worship on the Lord's Day has continued with regularity, though of course witre greatly varying attendance. The number of adults-present varied from half a dozen to 50; but of children there »a steady average ol about 20. Threcgh the happy circumstance of the- presence of one of the Moravian Brethren at the station, Mr. Taplin ha3 been able to make itinerating visits to- places within a few miles where the natives have been temporarily gathered together.. ' A5r. Taplin's letters during the past year con tain assurances of gratifying and undoubted effects of his religious ministrations; instances are oar rated where the principles and motives o5 the Gospel are seen to be really influencing the cha racter and lives of those among whom he is labour ing, for which the Committee call upon their Christianfriends to unite with them in gratitude to Go∈ being permitted to make such a recant 'Mr. Taplin has'some candidates whom heshortly hopes- to baptize, and some of those aheady admitted into the Christian Church are i n the habit af attending special- meetings for prayer on behalf of the spiritual welfare of their brethren. ' The Committee have thankfully to acknowl^ue the valuable assistance rendered them during the last few-months by one of She Moravian Brethren, the Eev. G. MeiBsel, who,, while waiting to be able to proceed to Cooper's Cseek, has been taking-port in the- school and missionary labours at Point iuacieay. air. lapiin spesutsjnost warmly la- his letters-of the support aad.eneouragement thls-bas afforded him. 'The Committee woaldexpress their contkiBed sense-of the devotion and earnestness with which Mr. Taplin pursues bis- labours, and their ooofi denc∈ his judgment and experience. ? ' With a view to gain increased support for the Association, as well as to promote a wider interest in the welfare of tbe- aborigines, several public meetings have been held! during the past year, in connection with the abject in the suburbs off Ade laida-and at more distant places. Some parts were visited at the beginning. of fthis year by deputations, whore the cause of the Association had noStbef ore been advocated. Oee result has been the establish ment ot additional branches at Gawler Town and Willunga. ''The Branch Sooietiesaie now as follows:— _ 'Auburn.— Hpa Sec, Bev. S. Keen. Contribu tions from this branoh, amounting 53' £7 8s. (p«rt of which was derived from a public-meeting lately held there\ came in just too late to be in cluded in this year's receipts. 'Clare.—Hoiv Set, Bev. W. Davidson. Con tributions to tie amount of £11 13s. 2tL, partly raised at Sabbath sendees held by Mr, Taplin, both at Prero?terian and Wesleyan places of worship, were also received too late for this year's accounts. 'Kapunda.— Bon. Sec, Mr. J. SioWe. This branch received a visit from a deputation in the summer, whan £3- 5s. 3d. was collected^ and which was followed by a second visit from Mr. Taplin in May last at which, tima he delivered a lecture, which, added to other contributions^ amounted in all to £8 14s. 2d., which sum also came in late for this year. ' Mount Barker.— Hon. Sec, Be*. A. Law. The subscriptions and collections asooanted to £7 15s. 7d. 'Bmra.— Hon. Sec., Mr. C. C Oldham. Con tributions from St Mary's Sunday-School have been received amounting to £216s.7d., and col lection at meeting £9 10s. 2d. 'Gawler Town.— Hon. Sea* Bev. C. J.Evans. There- has yet been no communication from this branch. '?Wiltansa.— Hon. Sec., Bev. & K Milled Intimation nas been received that some contribu tions will soon be forwarded. 'The Hon. Secretary's resignation having been accepted by the Executive Committee, the Bev. James Lyall has kindly undertaken the office for the ensuing year. ? ??' ? 'In conclusion, the Committee would urge upon their Christian friends the necessity of their greatly increased support if the religious objects of the Association are to be continued and extended in accordance with its original aim. The amount contributed bs Government is distinctly under stood to be only available for the temporal welfare or secular instruction of the natives, and it would indeed be melancholy if an humble effort lite ours was allowed to fall to the ground from the apathy and indifference of the Christian Church in this province. They would earnestly bespeak for the coming year support from every Christian con gregation.' . ? Mr. N. Bltth, M.P., in the absence of Mr. N. Oldham. Treasurer, /read the balance-sheet from May 23, 1S65, to May, 186», showing the expend! tureto have been £957 9s. 7d.; receipts, £955 2s. 8d.— balance overdrawn, £2 5s. lid. The list of subscriptions amounted to £334 15s., including the contributions at public meetings aud different Societies. The Bev. J. GABDNramoved thefirst resolution 'That the report now read be adopted by this meeting, and printed, and circulated under tha direction of the Committee,' The Bev. A. KlGG, Wesleyan Minister, seconded the resolution, wbjcimas cairied. Mr. A-'Gobe moved— ' ihat missions to the aborigines of this colony lave the first claim upon the prayer, efforts, ana liberality of South Australian Christians.' The Bev. Mr. Slade, from Geelong, seconded the resolution, which was then put and earned unanimously. A collection was nude, amounting to£5 6s: ' The Rev. F. W. Cox moved the next resolution— 'That the influences exerted on the temporal and spiritual well-being of both old and young at the Mission station at Point Macleay. are such as to lead our hearts to grateful acknowledgments to the * Giver of every good and perfect gift,' and also to encourage to increased efforts in future.' He remarked that there was a Chuicli at Point alacleay composed of native Christians, and perhaps it might not be clearly under stood that niistijns were carried 0:1 to evangelize the blacks onfthe Murray. There was a station at Point Macleay, a mission had been recently established at Wallaroo, where one of the Moravian missionaries had tarried, and at Cooper's Creek a station was about to be formed. There were establishments, he believed, at Poonindieand Lacepede Bay also, and in different parts of the colony private efforts were made to teach the natives the Word of G oil. . ? The Key. Air. phice, of Alberton, seconded the resolution, which was carried. Mr. W. K. Thomas proposed the following resolution— 'That the thanks of the meeting are due to the officers and Committee for the past year, and that the following gentlemen constitute tne Com mittee and officers for the year lS(5t5-7:— Bevs. W. B. Andrews, F. . W. Cox, J. Lyall, J. Ashton, G- Prince, J. Gardner, Hon. W. Peacock, Messrs. L J. Barclay, W. C. Buik, J. Colton, .N. Blyth, A. Dowie, Ml .Goode. G. W. Hawke=. N. Oldham. W. K. Thomas, J. Whiting, C. B. Young. Gc-j. Young; lion. Treasurer, M. Oldham; Hon. Sec retarv. Kev. J. Lyall.' Mr. Buik seconded the resolution, which was carried. A vote of thanks to the Chairman closed the proceedings. The South Australian Benefit Society.— The half-yearly District Committee was held at the meeting-roem. Franklin- street on Saturday evening, the 18th instant. There were present Messrs. M. Wslsh, District Chairman; P. Eennett, District Vice-Chairman; and J. Kemp Penney, District Financial and Corresponding Secretary; with Messrs. P. Martin and J. Uyan, delegates from the Parent Society. The Committee having been declared open, and the minutes of the pre vious meeting confirmed, it was resolved that the Kapunda and Clare branches should be excused sending delegates on account of the expense. The Financial and Corresponding Secretary then read the half-yearly returnp, showing that the Parent Society numbered 151 members. 147 being good on the books, and 2 honorary members; Kapunda, 70 members, 54 uood ; and Clare, 27 members, 26 good, and 1 honorary member. Total strength of the Society, 251 members, 227 good, and 3 honorary members- nnH t.lio fnllnnrinrr ntnnunte received— From the Parent Society, £72 3s. 2d.; Kapunda. £23 63. 4d. ; Clare, £21 6s. 10d.-making a total of £116 16s. 4d.. which, being added to the balance in Treasurer's hands, gave a total of £3*15 7s. 8d. to the credit of the Widow and Orphan and Funeral Funds. The Trustees reported having lent on freehold security £120 at 10 per cent, for two years, and it was resolved that £100 should be invested in the fixed deposits of the Bank for 6ix months. Thirty-seven new members have been initiated during the half year. Besolved, that the F.C.S. obtain 300 copie3 of the General and District Laws to supply the Parent and Branch Societies. .Re solved, that the Bev. P. T. Bussell be reappointed District Treasurer for the ensuing six months. Eesolved, that the District levies to the Widow and Orphan and Funeral Funds be Is. 6d. per member for the next six month*. Besolved, that the F.C. Sec direct the attention of the Branch Secretaries to the 4th and 7th District Laws, lie solved, that a vote of thanks be recorded to the F.C. Sec (J. Kemp Penney) for the very efficient manner in which he conducted the business of the District. The District Chairman having con gratulated the Delegates on tbe continued success of the Society, and fixing the. time for the next meeting to be early in January next, the meeting closed. . The Blind Asylum.— It will be in the recollec tion of many of our readers that during the war in Schjeswie-Holstein the Germans in South Aus tralia collected the sum of £650 for the relief of the sick, wounded, and other sufferers; all of which, within £32, wa3 remitted to Germany for the purposes intended. We are now much pleased to learn that the Committee having charge of the fund have met and placed the balance in the South Australian Banking Company at 6 per cent interest in the name of His Worship the Mayor of Adelaide towards the founding of a Blind Asylum in South Australia. Church of hsGTASD Mission to thb Abo rigines.— The Committee appointed by Synod to take steps for the establishment of a native mis sion at Lacepede Bay, beg to report that the schonlhouse is now completed, and that Miss Smith, whose services have been engaged as Super intendent is ready to commence the work as soon as the necessary funds are provided. The Com mittee would therefore suggest that all the clergy men in the diocese should be crmmnnicated with, with a view to their recommending the missien to their several congregations, and rermesting them to devote such a portion as they may think proper of their collection »n favour of heathen missions to this particular object— Church Chronide. Testimonial to the Roman Catholic Bishop 0? Adelaide.— The Ballarat S'ar of August 15 says:— 'The subscriptions already obtained towards the testimonial to -Dr. Sheil, the Boman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide, have already reached the goodly sum of £270. and in proof of the general estimation in which the right rev. gentle man is held in Ballarat it will he noted that the subscription-list includes men of all denominations of Christians, as well as Hebrews. Indeed, we thinBrwemay very safely presume that as Ballarat will possibly be soon the seat of a Boman Catholic as well as of an Anglican bishopric the transla tion of Dr. Shell from Adelaide to Ballarat would1 in sucft an event be grateful, not only to Dr. Shell's co- religionists, but to the townsfolk generally. Fer thai gentleman has not only taken an active part in our local and cosmopolitan1 charities, but has conciliated the esteem of our citizens generally, by the judicious administration of his functions as the local head of his church, and by Iks urbanity aa r» gentleman and a fellow citizen.' The Stotey Widows-ato Orphans.— We have already mentioned the* kind interest Captain Trouton wa» taking on he&alf; of the widows and orphans nf the Ute shipwrecked people on the Eastern Coast : and it now affords us much pleasure to give especial prominence to the subjoined letter just received1 from him, snowing that he has been successful beyond his expectations in collecting subscriptions-from the residents of Adelaide :— 'Australasian Steam- Irrigation Company's s.s. Wonga Wonga, Off Semaphore; August 15, 1S6S. 'TO THff EDITOR. 'Sir— I hare received from the merchants of Adelaide the munificent sum of one hundred guineas for the1 widows and' orphans of the late shipwrecked people on the East Coast of this con tinent, besides a further sum of (£32 10s. 6d.) thirty- two pounds ten anffsixpenee from some of the ladies of this colony for the widow and five children of tne late commander of the Cawarra. ' Did I leave this port, Sir, without returning my sincere and wannest thanks P would be violating my own feelings and doing an injustice to those I came here to asK for. 'Individually £ consider myself under s personal obligation to every one who has lent me their aid— an obligation I cannot well repay. - 'For the poor helpless widows and the father less little ones who are left to fieftt their way through the world I am ill* able to express the gratitude their hearts will reel towards your com munity on receipt of their munificence. 'I will thereforeleave it in tHe Almighty's hand to reward their good gifts. May they never feel such want as triey now relieve. 'I am;J5ir, yours ever indebted 'Fhed. H. Trouton, Commander. 