THE HUON DISTBICT. Mr. Graves has been invited to staud for the Huon, and his inclination, we under- stand, leads him that way. Mr. Wedge has also been spoken of as the government candi- date for the district, and some parties have been employed in canvassing for him. But when it is known that Mr. Graves intends to stand,-popular as he is in the district, it is quite likely that Mr. Wedge will be in- duced to retire. He would not bave the ghost of a chance against Mr. Graves. Gband Concest.-The concert to be conducted by Mr. Tapfield, at Del Sarte's, will come off this evening under the patronage of His Excellency the Governor and Mrs. Gore Browne, who have signified their intention to be present. The pro- gramme is understood to be a very choice one, and will be sustained by amateur ladies and gentlemen, and such professional assistance a» is necessary for the instrumental part of the con- cert. The proceeds of the event are to be appro- priated to the funds of the Cascade Road School, an object which seems to have gained much popular sympathy. Tea. Meeting.-The meeting in connection with the Sunday-school Anniversary, Murray street, is announced for this evening, at half-past six o'clock. The chair to be taken by T. J. Crouch, Esa Wobkino Men's Club.-The lecture this evening will be delivered by Mr. John Mcintyre, " On Hands and Knees ;" some comic songs will also be sung during the evening. Mr. C. H. Compton's Concert.-We regret having to report that owing to the extremely inclement state of the weather, Mr. C. H. Compton had a very poor attendance last evening. He returned the money, and postponed the enter- tainment until a future date. Dissolving Views.-Mr. McCure will exhibit his dissolving views at New Norfolk on Wednes- day and Thursday next. The Rev. Mb. Clabeb's Lecture.-The Rev. Mr. Clarke delivered his seventh lecture at the Alliance Rooms last evening, when there was a very fair attendance, considering the state of the weather. The chair was occupied by W7 L. Dobson, Esq., M.H.A. The subject was " The instrument employed to communicate the know- ledge of Cnrist to men-its power." The lecture wai most attentively listened to, and at its con- clusion the usual compliments were paid to the chairman and the lecturer. Main Line Railway.-The Mayor has received a communication from the Colonial Secretary, intimating that the resolutions passed at the recent public meeting on the railway question, have been laid before the Governor-in-Couucil. Police Coubt Rostes.-The justices whose names are on the roster for attendance at the Police Court to-day, are H Cook, Esq., and Dr. Turnley. Medical Books, &c.-Mr.; R. Henningham has on view at the Ship Hotel, a collection of medical and other scientific works, and surgical instru- ments, from the well known establishment of Mr. Bailliere of Melbourne. Gun Accidents.-Nineteen accidents out of twenty occur through the sportsman carrying his gun with the hammer dawn on the cap. Keep the weapon on half cock, and then it is impossible that a mishap can occur. If by a fall, as in the case mentioned in our issue of yesterday, the cock is struck, it must either tall back to full cock and warn the bearer, or if it does not fall the whole way back it cannot return farther tlun the half cock at which it stood, and so no injury can by any means ensue. Dreadful Accident.-A man named Thomas Bartlett was brought to the General Hospital yesterday afternoon from Brighton, having been discovered in a hut on the estate of Mr. Elliston, his master, seriously injured by having fallen into the fire. The man was accustomed to fits. He was seen by Dr. Bright who promptly adopted the usual remedies, but the poor fellow, who was 60 years old, died from the effects of the accident shortly before nine o'clock. De to Bodt Found.-Last evening information was conveyed to the Chief Police Station that a dead body had been drifted by the tide to near the Old Wharf, and it was supposed to be that of the boatman named Moore, who went by the cognomen of "Billy the Dutchman," and was missed last week. Some members of the police force were instructed by Superintendent to remove the body to the General Hospital were it awaits a Coroner's inquest. The Disputed Petition or Insolvency-The Chief Commissioner yesterday gave an elaborate judgment on the questions raised iu the case of Captain Lewis, declared insolvent on the petition of Messrs. Boys and Hall. Of the six grounds of objection brought forward by Mr. Gill, on Capt. Lewis's behalf, the Commissioner sustained three, namely, irregularity, in that the petition and affidavit did not truly set out the nature of the debt claimed by the petitioning creditors ; did not ?tate that Captain Lewis was insolvent within the meaning of the act ; and did not prsy to have the estate distributed. The first grouod of ob- jection that the petition was not signed by the petitioning creditors separately, but only with the trade signature "Boys & Hall" was disallowed, his Honor beirg of opinion that according to the terms of the act tit was sufficient. The remain- ing two grounds-although his Honor expressed the opinion that they would not warrant him in declining to proceed with the insolvency if a fresh petition were presented by Messrs. Boys & Hall .-he gsve no formal decision npon. The result of the judgment was, dismissal of the petition with costs. The Victoria Thbatbb.-Those surprisingly élever juveniles, the Nathan Family, appeared last night in anew bill, and, as on every p.e vious occasion, acquitted themselves admirably. Little''Marian grows in public favor, and is nightly the recipient of an amount of public applause sufficient to excite the jealousy of those less favored. Last night she sang with much Srecocity " My Johnny was a shoemaker," Miss etina danced a Scotch pas seul very gracefully, Masters Edward and Louis played a duet on comets, Miss Julia and Mr. Chambers danced an Irish lilt ; after which the whole family took part in a hornpipe, and a comic ballet entitled " The Village Coquette." Mr. Chaabera is a clever and graceful danwr, and his stage experience serves to give greater completeness to the per- formance of the younger member* of the frouuo. Those who profess to have a partiality for the encouragement of native talent ought to visit 'the Nathans.-Sydmy Morning H*md. 