GEO'KoE FKAiSClS TRAIN AND THJil 'FENIANS. This gentleman, who is not unknown (o fame in Melbourne, has been distinguishing himself lately in . connection with the Fenim movement, in a most extraordinary manner. The committee appointed to organise the mass meeting of the Fenian Brother hood, to be held at Philadelphia on the 16th, have in r i _ naAvna T?rntini*« Train to attend, and Mr 71CCU iur ucwi^o — - - — -- Train bus replied in a very characteristioletter. Tbe Aw York. Daily News puts tha letter before its leaders. Mr Train's letter is principally made np of scraps of poetry. He opens with the fol lowing : — ' Little Ireland, great in story, mother of immortal GreaTTn courage, great in glory, dear to Freedom's I, E^shlorfVcombine to bravo thee, Iri* hearts Irish' hnndfl0 will die 'to save tliee— Ireland strong in Irish right, OTer (l]ji V-'l»atsoe'cr;beIall : If we fight or die, Ireland over all. 'Yes, and no. No this week and next, but yes ? on Monday— tbo 10th. Can you get the Academy ? The Congress of Fenian orators meet in Philadel phia on that day. You should take two thousand dollars that night. For liberty or death— don't forget. I am not a Fenian, but a long-tried friend of yonr ruoe and country. The Fenian Brotherhood will, of oourse, keep out of our partisan politics. tnM tnp tirn voHrs aero, that most Irish leaders had failed by mising up American politics with Irish nationality ; and as Roberts told them tha other night at the Cooper Institute— any member of tho Order using its fundi-, or its power, for political purposes, ought to be kicked out. So consider bay speech national, not sectional, and do not expect me to touch upon your state or local elections. The Btench of decaying politicians of , the Baltimore, Cleveland and Chicago conventions are still offensive to the air. When the revolution of American independence closed, in 1783, Europe, a few years later, was thrown into convulsions that c lasted for twenty years. You remember Emmet and the menjof Ninety ^ight? Our revolution over, Eng '' land's will commence. Before, thoy waited sir years. Now, six months seem long. England has got the nightmare; Death, on' the paid horse, is at her door. Banolio's ghost will hot down. Did you hear the old harlot laugh, the other day ? How her teeth rattled. You cau hear her bones shake by every mail. That langhter is unnatural, for it is over the grave of our outraged nation.' After quoting a few passages of the 11 viper of the West,'1 Mr Train continues : — ''If ? men drilling with Btioks, iu the night ' time, can frighten her \- so, what will they do when rifiis are used in broad daylight ? The Saxons say thero is l- nothing in tho Celtic movement. Then, why put battalions under arms and send war-Bhipa along the Irish coast? If tho pickets cause Buoh a fight, for God's suke what will happen when O'Mahony gives the oid :r for the army to move ?' Mr Train here again burst into vorse, and having thus relieved himself of the prcssuro of his euthu siasm, Is able to resume the calmer style of prose. ' Phila delphia is printing the bonds of the Irish Republio ; why not take a leaf from modern history ? Send ?.over one hundred thousand dollars to Lon don. Give a banquet at the Confederate head quarters, and place the bond under the plate of Dulane, Spence, Sampson, Brestford, Hope, and Lord Palmorston's private secretary. Those honest newspapers would sell England quicker than they would their own pockets. Be suro and hail that English patriot Spence, the Liverpool tin merohant ; then give Lindsey the chartering of Irish transports ; give Laird an order for Irish rams ; give Gregory the Parliamentary agency ; make Alexander Baring (the Union representative of the American Government) chairman of tho Irish Independent Association, and then everything will be in acoordauce to international law. Ireland \- fights for independence, England for empire. Mnior General ? ? ? — wants strong men when ho marches on *****. Admiral —— needs strong I Bailors when the fleets rnn the blockade of ****. Good bye, with a cheer for tho Irish girls and Irish boys of Philadelphia. ' Little Island, first in science, first in letters, first in fame, Truth's examplo and relianco, brave, and worthy of the name ! Other nations truth are spurning, rise, and fall, and pass awny ; Ireland, with her lantern burning, stands superior to day. Ireland over all, Wioaoo'r befall ; If we live or die Ireland over all. 'All right for Monday, the 16th.' And the gentlemen to whom this document has been audresaed gravely thank Mr Train for his patriotio vindication of their cause, and accept his proffered assistance 