Friday - August 24 Before the police-magistrate and Messrs. Hovell and Rossi. James Eldridge, William Eldridge, William Baker, William McDonald, and Benjamin Cramp appeared on remand charged with cattle-stealing. Mr. Gannon for the defence. John Jeffreys deposed that he is a farmer living at Cotta Wolla; knew Baker, but not the other prisoners; on the 11th instant a man whom he thought was Cramp came and asked him to sell him some meat, but witness had none; just before this had seen a cow of his that this man also could have seen; missed her on Monday; on Tuesday, in con- sequence of what was told him, went to look at a camp; found where some cattle-bones had been recently burnt ; about a quarter of a mile off found concealed in a hollow tree the fore quarter of a beast with the hide on, like the colour of the missing cow; close by found some blood where an animal had apparently been slaughtered; the head of the beast was attached to the quarter, and was the head of the missing cow; twenty yards off found the other fore quarter; witness's brand was on this quarter; had seen some beef in the possession of the police-two hind quarters of a cow; the cow appeared to have been killed with the blow of an axe. On cross-examination witness said that he did not know that the place had been used as a camp before, but had heard that Baker had once camped there; on looking more closely at prisoners believed that it was James Eldridge, not Cramp, who came to his place. John Bryant deposed that McDonald came to ask about buying meat; had seen McDonnld, Baker, and James Eldridge going towards their drays. The rest of this witness's evidence merely confirmed that of Jeffrey's. The prisoners wero discharged, the police-magis- trate remarking that he felt morally sure that the animal had been killed by one or other of them, but that there was not sufficient legal evidence to justify a committal. Elizabeth Winter v. John Meehan.—Child deser- tion. Defendant consented to an order being made for the payment of 3s. 6d. per week for six months. The license of the Salutation Inn was transferred from Frederick Webster to H. S. Clarke. , IPrmission for I bagitollo liconse wa, granted to Richartd Flook of the Now Country Flat. ]ar.ic-o.?.O cr RI~tonl'lt.-Au?1ogt 2l7tl, I. Marki Ind 1V. A. ChiHnlthn, Esqce.; tlJh, 1V. Conotly nol 1\. P. ?oFilihfll, Morle.; 3lst, A. G. Dn Lnuret und A. 1.. Gilton, Eslos. ?stero.'s. OCuics hoas lon performing hror during the wouk, nnd will givn a daiy performnco at two o'clock this afternoon for tlhe colvonienco of familiec and country rehidonts. On Molday they will porform at iMarlnmi, orn Tuosdy I) t the railwatyi worls at New (outmtry lFht, nlld on Yodneadmi, y th?ey will return to Golburn, performillng ii thOIi ovoning for the bonollit of tho wrooks relief lood. OooI.reI.ow;. ni'itii.-Itl ilnlonlertood tlhat Ltho next lileting otf thoe Annual Move:ablo Onmrrittto of thi vcrious diotricls in Now Soulth .Yla conllcoted willth tho ?lnhuoter Unlit)y will boe hlld crly nlxt yimr, andl thtt tho pltco clinOen) lfur the nioutinog i. (Ioullbrll. SiiicuI:r Ornl,--At i inontlig of ollieltrn Iholl you(turdy ovoellilg it wel der?irioed to vontblith ii hub and to admi)ti mem 'e on p;yimeiit of an outit.l Iliill Ii ll l' t I fIi l Ilioutll I w|ll leo II lnt tielwllyl,,Mi· Uof iII briIii of 'aileo ll g It'uhtIollu (l8l ouolllllt fle (Io W IrI? z ll I jlllmll ? l'h, 1o?'4?'1tIrI111 Iil)llr ll. It11.111,_ will ilitt'to huvn no l tp oeulilly of uu igJoylothoir fuvetItoU lot~lon jut,|ting tlhe Cntl¶,lll lnellonoti Vaeuiu Ithi nmolt nltoly Ilvw hlt Itho olu0 pr?oiet to bi p e rmaln'l llle l \VRncKS otEr'EP FNlo).--On \Vodlneosld vening a concert was given in the hall of the necohanics' institute by ta nmulhr of gentlemon amntonrs in aid of tihe Wrecks Relief Fund. Theor was a largo and reopectahloe ttondanco. Mr. Sigmont gratuitously pre?ided at the piano. At the commeuncomnt the Rov. W. Soworhy addressed a few words to the audienco in praiso of the gentlenmen who had Indor taknn to give the concert. Ito soid that no doubt it was entirely owing to tho very adveran seasons with which the district had for the last three yoears oon flllieted that nothing else had been proposed to beo done in Gonulbrn in aid of the present olhjct. Hlo was glad to son so many present, and trusted thnt those who were away would show their sympathy with the afferors hy contribultin'g in some other way. The rev. spetkor's remarks olicitod much applalso. The concert was then proceeded with, and appeared to give great satisfiation to the audi once. The following pieces wore encored :-The Heart Bowoed Down, the Mlinuto Gatn at Son (dost), the Pilot, and Mtr. Sigmont's song Troone one Morn ing early. The second part of the ontortalinmont was with black faces. In this, owing to a recent ghostly alarm in the town, the figure of a ghost was introduced in the form of a hulgo walking gin hottlo with the word "Gin " on one side and " Gim lot, his Ghost" on the othor. This created great amusement. which reached its highest point whon the song, TIavr you Soon the Ghost, followed. Some pointed allusions to the Goulburn cabinet-maker's ghost were happily introduced; and the song, which wns excoodingly well sung, mot with a unanimous encore. A niggor champion hornpipe followed and gave. groat satisfaction, the performer being oncored. The evolutions of Tambo woroe most oxtraordinary, and the charactor was better austainod than on any preovious occasion in Goulbrn, either . by amateurs or profes aionals. The National Anthem cnncllded the concert. Tho Rev. W. Soworhy thIn proposed a voto of thanks to the gentleman who had taken part in it, which was neccorded by cnolamation and snit ably acknowledged. ?Vr.?rpvaw Tau?nt slas' T?h.-ra.oTnOn. -On Thurs day ovening last, the teachers of the Wesleyan Sabbath-scahol hold their quarterly tean-meeting in the school-room adjoining the chnpal. There wore about sixty teachors and friends present. The tables having boon removed, the Rev. J. B. Watorhouso took the chair, and announcnd the object of the meeting, which was the reading of the prizo essays written by the teachern, the subjeot being " the Advantagos of Personal Piety." Tho chairman than called upon Mir. Todd to road the three essays adjudged .worthyl of prizes. The first prize was awarded to Mr. W. Sibson, the second to Mr. J. S. Greaves, and the third to Miss J. Avery. The ssanys wore duly commented upon by 'some of the gentlo men present. The meeooting was brought to a close shortly after ton o'clock.--Communicated. Guv AccinoNT.-An accident of a very shocking nature occurred on Sunday last at Bondo, in the Tumot distrint. The soperindondont in charge of the elation, Michael Dwyer, had borrowed a gun, and withot ascertalining if it were loaded, charged and fired it off, the result being the bursting of the barrel. loing laft-handed Dwyer fired from the loft shouldor, his right hand boing used in suppor ting the gun directly under the part where it fastons to the stock. IInd it not boon for the wood work his hand would have been blown off; ns it was, he astained two deep lacerated wounds in the ball of the thumb, which nearly sovered that mnom her from the handl. IH rode into town and Dr. Hiester dressed the wound, which we hoar is in a fair way of healing.-Tumut Times. G-u.arron.-IMonday, 3 p.m.-At the nominatlion for the Olarence a largo number of electors were present. Mr. Alexander nlaokollar and Mlr. John Robertson wore proposed. Mr. Lang, who is still in the district, did not prasenit himself. Mr. Bawdon, the proposer of hMr. liackelalar,.wished to withdraw his name from the contest, but his sup porters would not consent. The show of hands was largely in favour of hMr. Mlacklelar. hMr. Robertson's election is considered doubtful.--WVednesday.-By a telegram published in Tuesday's Examiner, it ap pears Mer. loackellar refuses to takel his seat for the Clarence district, consequeontly Mr. John Robortson will be returned. The electors regret that a third person was not nominated.-Tolograms to S. 1lI. Ecrald. ?oaonl SrTcntr o-ve.- After a long period of in activity in the bushranging husiness in this district, a little animation has booen shown during the past few days. On Sunday last Tlhomas Cunmmins was stopped and robbed by'a man within a mile and a half of IMr. Grogan's:ini, on Limestono Crook. Cummins had £2 5s. in his possossion, and on giving it up nslod for the return of two or throe shillirigs to pay his expenses on the road. The robber returned him tho five shillings, but took his cabbago-troo hat from,him, and allowed him to depart barehordeod. On .roaching Grogan's inn heo was supplied with another clmpeau. The highwayman is described as being in no way disguised, and was armedwith a brace of pistols. OnA Monday as the mail was on its way from GOndagri to Yass, it was stopped by a man answering the desoription of the one who stuck up Cnmmins. Ilo presented a pistol, having a second one, at the head of tie driver, and told him to pull up, which, of course, he accordingly did. The robber then eased him of all'tho money he had about him, amounting to thirty shillings. He said ha would not bother with the mail-bags, and allowed the driver to'proceed on 'his journey. On informa tion roaching town of the robbery of Cumnmins, the police started out in pursuit, and were last heard of on tihe track of tihe robber, who, it is supposed, was latelylin the service of Mr. Broughton, of Homobush, as cook, from which ho absconded, taking a brace of pistols belonging to that gentleman. It would seom probable that after the robbery of Cummine the rob bher quitted the looality, as another person, whose name it is not necessary to mention, passed along the same road from Burrowa, having abouthim at the time a sum of £10, and who saw nothing of the highwayman. Even should ho.have boon stopped anod robbod, the monoy would have been of no use to the thief, as it waos in bank drafts. It is certainly very desirable that persons travelling should abstain from carrying about them money that is easily con vertiblo, for althlough there are no gangs of baush rangers at present abroad in the southorn districts, with the exception of Clarlo's party,, there are, nevertheless, single individuals, or in sonme eases two ruillans, who 'would hbe 'hlo to accomplish every. thing that the most compact band of bushrangors are able to effect. Yass Courier. IMPU, NeNT Co a - or FOaltERY.-A maR1 nanmed Hentry Woolloy was charged, at the Braidwood police-court on Saturday, with having, in January lust, passed to M[r. A. Vider', a balttk heoquo for £18, purporting to be drawn by F. and G. Barnes, Mlur rumburre, which, on being subsequently forwarded to Sydney for paymont by the bank upon which it was drawn turned out to be a forgery. Prisoner at the time was ncting as cook at the polico barracks, when he gave out that he had como in for a con siderable sum of money, and upon the strength of his assumed good fortune, hIe became the accepted saitor of a young damsel in the towi with whoso charms he was smitten, and arrangeonenta, it was reported, were made for the happy event. The cheque given to Mr. Vider was in paymont of £5 deposit upon a cottage which he had purchased for the reception of the bride, and the balance of the chequo was to be handed over to the young lady herself; but unpropitious fiito decreed it otherwiso, and thel ardent lover all at once awakened from his blissful dreams, and becoming when too late im pressed with the rigorous oxacliolns of our vieo laws in regard to surch matters, uncroenoniotlsly tooe leave of li fair onre, and bid edioi to this p:rt of the contry; blt we thave no donubt the poignant grief orcasitooed by the foss of her lover wans njaterially ,tteined whoa theo injured fair one bocamo aware of the tlas olf his money. The runatwoaycwas however brought hbck from Sydney last week, and the chargo preferred oIgilnst him on Saturday was udjourned. tradlwood Dispatttl. Pt so.acrs' I?scarr.--John Olarko, awaiting trial at the Ooulburn ussizes on the till of October next ol theo charge of murdering the blcltfhllow olilly Noonoog, was coovycd fe'om Ihro idwoed gaol to (tGoulbrn oan Monday lost, aceompaniod by 1,llen, Cunntll, the princillilal wiltlles in tile canse. 'Pio lMiter after the Irial will be ronoved to D.orlinglaurst gaol i ur.llanteo oCO the leIntnILCoe of five years' ion. IortsolnoLlt pallssd ponll hecr lit tth lalt llroidwoold seasia .s for passinltg stoloon notas,-llraidwood Dis plolsI,uloulnl,-llondlny, 8 p.lmt.-- Tho shipll PIloi 'Trle ciasi Ilerntllllllod oil t?atllrllday. '|'tte doctor wioos. tiind £2, wilh £t coots, aid ol be iolprtlolood ettn days, The tlhod tolller the soion olioo anid lcosts, and I evn days , The l lillt l oocond othlroli £2 loo,lli £2 tostsl, io111 o ollo utr In gaol, A wIoul'tI lisl0 wois gleots foot Itot ot loore oo n lalt py to Ihlotio tloroiios 'ouirt for i wilt of ioroohtltlol o ,--'ttoo 'hllto ,laltoltoiloo ilotliltoloj to ol orllli'riotclg talltloltloOh A o?cIil, It to tiollpo lv Int It 1 i00ll 0111 tlit?o plsp ioboror at od bot ll bolt Iho llay)'r on ttto l0tth, T'fle oexhbltlo It to oplen on the 10111 !QItiilb,--A oulmunlllclllon h litolli receivod from the Now South Wales Riilo Associn tion, ol?jectiog to Noovmbor 20th awl 21st for thto tntor-colonial match. A mooting of tlh V\ictorian Assooiation is to obe hold on Tothurlday, to naltr tho time to thl first work in Doeombor.-Foloov's circus woas optned on Saturday, and well nttondo?l.-- Tols dlay.-- arthlor news hIon Ilon receirvd from Now Zoadlnd rolalivo to the oxnmination of the prisoners tn the lteo murder ases. Blirgeas made nt very long statementl , to writo whichl occupid five hours. 110 itharges Sullivan with tlo grosseat porjury in his con fsasion, and fdlly exonorates Levoy tnd 'Kolly of all complicitiy, anld Wilson and others snspected in the nurdor of Dr. Dobson. Ito says that he himseolf odll Sullivan oro alone guilty, and thaot they wore without comrades in any of their crimes. Also that Sullirnn wished to murdor another man and woman, bt that ho (Blrgess) proventod him from doing so. This statement is generally disboliovdt, and it io thought that ho hoas mnad it out of shoor spito against Sollivan. All the prisonors havIo oon committod to ttioo their trial on tho chargo of murdering Old amlio.-Tho Cook's Straits cableo ha boon success fully buoyed about throe miles from whore the break occlorrod.-A largo firo has occurred in Nolnon which Iotally destroyed thtroe hotels, the Temporance Iatll, rntd fourtoon housos, theo dmngO done boeing osti atead at from £10,000 to £12,000.-Tologrnms to Enmpire. Footmos.-Monday.-A nuggot weighing 40 oz. was found to-day in No. 3, Thompson's load sotlh, and itts boon doposited in the Joint Stoclk lanlk. No. 2, south load. yieldod 211 oz. to snvonty loads of wash-dirt. In No. ,, 50 oz. gold in nuggots was picked out during the weeook. In Nos. 0 and 14, upwards of 3oz. to the load have boon washed. Sovoral holes havo. boon bottomed on gold on tho north-end.-Tologram to S. Ml. Herald. Am,:onm.-o Mond.ay, 7.30 p.m.-S. Balkowoll, wholesalo grocer, has alled a mooting of his creditorm for to- morrow. IIis. liabilitios tar stnatd to bo £20,000. This caos a gooeneral fooling of want of contidonco.-A Aplendid lodn of hismunoth is roportod to havo boon discovorod in tihe Stanley and Daloe mins. Sharos aro all talron up.-A numorously signed requisition has been prosonted to the mayor, requesting him to call a public mooting to consider tio dosirability of lighting tieo city with gas.-Teolo grtnm to S8. Mi. oerald. icEiirOULrs 'rrTLE.-llrry Smithors IIayces, of Bathurst. Liabilities, £1817 Gs. 8d., of which £200 is seoured. Aesuos, £516 12s. 2d.-Goorgo Sparrow, of Iiungondoro. Liabilities, £351 10s.. d. Assots, £225 2s. Gd. T'_o. COiw.??lu.-Yesterday afternoon, Captain Allon, the hrbhour master, paid a visit to the spot whore the Cawarra was wrecked, for the purpose of necortaining whether any portion of the vessel could bo soon, other than that discovered by the diver who occompanied Captain tMunroo on hIis recent visit'to Newcastle.. The weather was beantifully fine, and tie oea calm and clear, and no the boat passed over the scone of the disaster, Captain Allen states that a short distance from the floating wroclh in the direction of the channol, he could plainly discern' about eight foot.from the aurface, the engines, main-shaft, and both paddle-whelol. It will be recollected that at the time the river wont down, and for some days previously, there had been a very heavy fresh in the harbour, and this may probably account for his being unable to perceive the portions referred to, and which are now plainly diotingioshablo with the naked oyo. Captain Allon immediately sent intelli geonco of his discovery to Sydney, and at the same time requested that a good- sized bioy might be sent hero, and, until the latter arrives, he has placed a floater to mark thei locality.-Neowcastl Standard. nIts ,OATION Of T0re DI R 1. OR n 011 : Tll. LLA w.noAn DiSrTIcro.-For soino time past it boas been known that P. II. Osborno, Esq., nomembor for the district of Illnwarrn, had an intention of resigning; such has now actually takeon place. Aflictions of a domestic charnactor ro the solo reasons. Mrs. Osborno ras long been suffering, and, it being doomed desirablo by her medical attendants, our worthy member and family will sbortly visit Europo. Whilo regretting the necessity of such a stop, we cannot but hope that the chango may prove of tho benefit nnticipated ; meantime oour member has considered it most consistent with his duty to resign, and has done so. Wo lhave hoard of a non resident purposing standing, but ot resident identifieod with the interstls of tho distriot would best receive the supoport of the electors.-Illnwawrrn Express. lBruslttxu.-Tuosday.-Theo Wild Scotohmnn has beooen placed on his trial and fonmd not guilty on the first chanrgu. Ilo has boon romanded on aovoral othors.-Tologram to S M. IHeorald. IrMPOUNDEDi AT QUhANneiYAN, o0n tll August, from Lanyon; damages 9d. ach :-Roan sloor, near oar split, [IL near rump, lilkeo 1 near shoulder; black cow, brown ears, near ear slit, lilco I near ramp and ribs. Damages 10s. enchl:--Rod and white bull, HilI conjoined off rump, aged; dairk strawblrry bull. rodil neclr, top off both ears and slit, illegible brand off rump, 2 years old; brown and white spotted bull, slit under the near oar, illegible brand near romp, 2. years old. Damagens Dd. each :--lriInlo and white cow, TK over TK off ribs; red inid 'whito steer, illegibllo brand near rump, 18 months old ; brown steor, star, some white on. back ani bolly, no visible brand, 12 montlhs old ; yellow heoifer, white belly, spots on both ribs and flanks, top off the near oar, 10 months old ; brown steer, off ear split, lilko ' off ribs; white poloy bullook, top off the off ear, triangle brand near shoulder, POP near ribs, 0 near rump; red bullock, samo brands; white stoeer, top off tho near ear, like 6 near shoulder, illegible brand near rump.-Also, on 11th August, from the Oaks; damages Odi. aclh :-White oiler, no brand visible, 18 mouths old; yellow and whilo steer, top off the near ear, blotch like B near romp, 10 months old; strawborry steer, roll necr, both oers split, no visible brand, 18 months old; red heifer, white belly, un branded, 9 months old.-l o-advertised, from Ltmyon, 4th August:-Iron-groy llly, star, PK roversed off shoulder. If not released, will be sold on Gtht Soptombor.-.' Lever, loundkeoper. IsrIOUNDoED AT BIINONG, On 11th August, from Illilora, by Mr. J. J. Garry; driving as per Im pounding Act:-lay filly, star, pulled tail, black points, V near shoulder, 3 years old, 14 hands high.-Also, from Stony Crook, by Mr. J. Conroy, August 10th; driving as per Impounding Act: Bay manr, saddle marked, DOY over ^ over B near shoulder, like 1E over olff shoulder, aged, 15 lhands high; black mare, near hind fetlock white, ^ over B near shoulder, broken, 4 years old, 14 hands high; bladc horse, two hind fetlocks white, saddlo marked, II sidoways olffshoulder, aged, it hands high; ches nult mare, star, off hind fotlock white, shod all round, EJG (tlhe lE writing capital) near shoulder, like I over 21 sideways off shoulder, broken, aged, f15 hands high; brown mare, star, off hind fetlock white, K over 111? and under DI)[ near shoulder, aged, 15 hands high, broken in; bay horse foal, star and snip, unbranded; bay snare, star and capital J over CIK and over 2 near shoulder, aged, 14 hands high ; roan filly, star, 2 over OK near shoulder, 2 years old; bay thorse, star and stripe, DK near. shoulder, O years old, 1)J hands high; iron-grey entire, 1)3 off' shoulder, D3I reversed near shoulder, 2 years old ; bay filly, near hind fetlock white, like anchor or T near and oilff houlders, 2 ycirs old. Also, from Illalong, July 21th;-BcUy flilly, star and rnip, off fore foot and oil hind foot white, J over 3IQ olf shoulder, 3 years old, 13 l hands high. If not released, will be sold on the 10th Septemnber. Also, from same place, by same person, eon same dato; driving accordirg to' Impounding Act; Ihlack mare, star, two hind foot white, near fore .fetlock crooked, S( or G near shoulder, 2 near ribs, brolcen in, egod, 1"41- hands high; yellow filly, near hind ftllocka while, D3 and A writirng capitl and J .or C re versed near lshonlder, 2 years old, 18 Il healds high ; bey mare, talr, 10 nsear elhoulder,, WJ near ribs, boleun in, aged, 1:13) hands high ; brown all, Wi\F nocr shoulder, 2 yearF ol; 'd, Ihaetds high ; biy Ilors, CO or GO Dover D31 near shoulder, Il,' off shouldeor, long tail, broaln in, agel, l11, handl s high ; grey mare, ofl fore foot fractured, W13 over like IIB near shoulelcr, W near rump, broklen in, aged, II hands high ; iroil-grey colt, like JI conjoirnd or II ofl'fhoulder, 4 vyour oll, 141 hanrda highc; dark hay horse, small whlite paltch on near riba, shod on hind foot, B1 over It sidOways alnd Wr near sabulder, broken in, aged, 15 hlanlds highi; buy horse, stlr, lump oni near lchok, shabod on front feet, K near lshouldeor, K mnear thigh, 4 years old, lI handcs high ; Lay corer,, steerand stripo, whlite patIlch l IaHlk, shal on froe foot, 1PO nor shcoulrer, 10 over like II1, or I off ihoulder, broken in, aged, cI lhmnds hilgh brown mare, neair hindl hclt white,, I,1 near shoelldor, broken lr,, ngod, 1 haelds high ; rian lcmare, sltcr, snear, hirl foot whltl , bIlind ole cyoI, .Ill Celr olcboalr, UN?Kl (cls over the other) nler ralcp, lrolienl lnpr, aged, I I handls highi ; Ildhanelt Imcace, lhidl ile:e, lamp o htllath hin locmes, hlM tilar houldeir, hioen l I, aged, It Inlds hlig; lay aemor, hidsr anild lp, n we hlind foct dwhlt, is 11111t, whitelt oil nor frsc Icet, JltM eei r leshootu. or Al IM off' shoulder, brolkhn hl lgoedl Ii hfltl dl Idhl t Ichiark buloy iltil+O, lloar bindh fooa wcld, pllldu el~b srr lb lbi releooasd, they will ho sold on the lth Septemnbr, according It the Impounding Act.-- . Tracoy, pIundkeoper. IMous1NDEI AT NoITr YRAS? on the llh Augsllt, forom Sprinlfiohl, by Mr. Michiol Cnsack, for troe lass in OltlivatiOn paddlok; damages, .In. eOah; driving, 2 miles:--Yellow lao horos, star and snip, saddlo marko(d, pulled tail, I) onff shhlder, agedl; black or dark brown mare, star, pilled toil, ahod, slight appolnranc of brand not logiblo near shouldor ; choanat mars, blaze, while spots on thie rack, bltoth brand like J1P near shoohlor, like P ideoways off shoulder, broken.-Also, on the 13th, from Sumnmor Hill, by MIr. John Ilingorty; driving, 8 milsu: Dark brown horse, saddle and collar marked, liko Dil[ over .11I near shanldor. If not released, will eo sold at this pound on tho'Gth Sptmnbeor.-G Smith, poundlcolper. bo(10(1.s00n AT Gronn o GoronRo , on theo 13th August, fomn Narragolong, b1y Mr. ,T. Ilnallm; damages and driving, 2. each:--Roan pony maro, star, 03G1 near hlllder anld rump, yoears old, 1I hands high; hay horseo, star, like ITb near shoulder, 3 'year old, .1 00hands highi; ehenut yearling horon, T (V near shoulder; cheosnut yearling filly, like ,1W over TIN near shohlder. If not released, will bo sold at noon, on Thursday, Gt11h Sptombor.-W. Gill, poundkeoOper. 