JOTTINGS FROM MASSACHUSETTS. (From the Boston Correspondent of the Times.) NEW England, just at the present moment, is not a very pleasant place for a Conservative American of the Middle States to visit. I mean unpleasant poli- tically, for socially the people as quite as kind and courteous as can be found in any other section of America. But the great commercial prosperity of the New England States, the immense wealth acquired during the war, the successful conquest of the South, due mainly to the pertinacity of New England Radi- cals, who stuck to the contest unflinchingly when New York and Pennsylvania would have given it up, and the pushing, driving spirit of all the people, unite just now in making them as cross-grained and un- tractable a set of politicians as ever ruled or ruined a country. The leaders of this section will have their own way, and that you may depend is a very hard and unmerciful way for the South. Among us Americans Boston is known as the "hub" of the universe, and the sayings and doings at the "hub" are the key- notes for every Radical meeting in the land. It would not be telling the entire truth, to say that Boston is trying to rule the country just now merely upon the great political questions involved in the reconstruction of the South, for although her voice upon those points is the exponent of New England sentiment, yet the more conciliatory feeling of other ports of the country overrules it, and, in spite of the thunder hurled at him from the East, Andrew Johnson is firmly kept to his mild course of reconstruction by the greater power of the Middle States. New England's efforts to change the political course of the country are far less successful than her efforts to accomplish other ends. Boston rules the trade of the country, its finances, its literature, the education of its people. I say Boston, for no Yankee ever thinks of any other place when perfection is mentioned, and the six small, though powerful, States surrounding her always bow submis- sive to the will of Boston. Her manufacturers keep the high tariff because it gives them huge profits; they prevent Congress from construct- ing a ship canal between the Mississippi and the lakes because grain must go to Europe in too great quantities through the cheap channels it would open, and alter that peculiar state of trade which at present leaves the New England cotton and woollen mills without competitors; they have broken the Canadian Reciprocity Treaty because it interfered with their sales of manufactured goods. Through the "Atlantic Monthly Magazine," and the writings of the professional poets and orators and story-tellers who congregate in Boston, and from there send column alter column of New England ideas to every popular journal in America, a Yankee stamp is im- pressed upon all our literature ; and you may depend upon it the slant thus given is of that peculiar kind which inculcates the disfranchisement of white men in the South, and the absolute equality of the negro. Such sentiments fill our school books, and are taught universally in the schools throughout all parts of the United States, for nine-tenths of the books and teachers come from New England. If in direct political influence upon the President and his policy the harsh and unforgiving spirit of Boston and its neighbourhood are overborne by other sections of the country, she has her way in everything else; and if by her skill and economy she brings the greatest possible prosperity to all her people, she can well afford to leave mere politics to the President. Yet she does not leave politics to him, but tries hard to force him to her way of thinking, and brings such strong influences to bear that the adoption of a Radical policy towards the South, and more especi- ally of the negro suffrage, is not so near an impossi- bility as many would imagine. The fanatical ideas of the New England Radicals are all due to a set of sentimentalists, whose reasoning, whether it be upon religion, or politics, or morals, will always go to extremes. Yet the people, without thinking far themselves, seize these ideas and endeavours to carry them out. The great influence of business and other connexions gives New England Radicalism a wide spread through the country. Her manufactures control every other manufacturer in America; her newspapers and writings are spread all over the country; her capital is invested in internal improve- ments, even in the remotest States; her people emigrate everywhere, and all these influences acting and re-acting are enormous. They have the greatest effect in Western States, which are so gene- rally settled by people of New England, and in all those States we find strong Radical parties. New England thus controls the majority of both branches of Congress, and were that body convened to day and put to the test negro suffrage would be enacted, and the President's Southern policy changed to one far more harsh. Wendell Phillips is, perhaps, the most extreme man in this section, for he will not consent to modify any of his views to secure a present success or to elect a ticket. He even goes so far as to advocate the repudiation of the Federal debt. Though Phillips is, no doubt, the most able man, Charles Sumner and Henry Wilson, the two Massa- chusetts senators, are the political leaders of New England; both quick, active men, and, though narrow-minded, extremely popular in all sections where Radicals hold sway. Both are now demand- ing of the President a change of his Southern policy, and threaten him with impeachment if he is refractory, and their threats are echoed by all their constituents. Sumner threatens by speeches made in Boston; but Wilson goes to the President's own audience chamber and demands negro suf- frage and the political disfrancisement of every Southern State. Wilson is willing to have a general amnesty issued for all the Confederates, if by that he can purchase the privilege of voting for negroes. He boldly tells the President that if he does not submit, the Radical majority in Congress will compel him, and not only exact negro suffrage, but prevent every member of Congress elected from the Southern States from taking their seats. Sumner wishes every South- ern State remanded for thirty years into the condition of a political province without the right of choosing its own civil officers, and after that time promises the States admission to the Union, if they are suffi- ciently penitent, and will advocate New England ideas. These views are received by the people with great applause, and every indication that they will command a hearty support. The persistency of the New Englanders in worrying and teasing until they get what they want is well known, and for months past they have kept a constant stream of fanatical advocates continually going into the White House and buzzing in the President's ears. Were President Johnson alone in the Government, and had he the supreme power, he would very quickly order things his own way and send the Radicals about their business, but he is afraid of Congress. It can overrule him, and, besides this, although a majority of the people now support him, he has no security that the blandishments of the Radicals will not at some time cause the Conserva- tive Republicans who acted with them during the war to desert him and place him in a minority. It can plainly be seen that his hands are tied, and though he is firm in his views on the reconstruction question, and in everything he orders at the South adopts the Conservative policy, he will do nothing that may exasperate the Conservative Republicans. He will not hastily turn out Radicals who are in his Cabinet, for Republicans of all classes trusted them during the war, and, perhaps, do so still, and might avenge an injury against them. He will not dismiss Generals who are unemployed, for they are pets in some quarters, and, of course, have influence. He carefully refrains from any public expression of opinion against negro suffrage; and though he will do nothing in furtherance of Radical views, he does very little against them. He gradually feels his way, and you may depend upon it will not show his hand in opposition to the Radical until the South is strong enough to unite with the Democrats of the North, and carry him through in spite of all oppo- sition. In this way the New Englanders, although they do not directly control political affairs, have enough influence to retard the progress of recon- struction; and though the restoration of the South in its own way and by its own people must ulti- mately come, the efforts of New England will make it far more remote than it otherwise would be. Scarcely any new political developments have been made during the past week, but the Democracy seem to be gradually losing heart except in the State of New York. There they anticipate success in the November election, for the Republican State Con- vention, although it has met and nominated soldiers for the principal offices, cannot overcome the great popularity of General Slocum, who leads the demo- cratic ticket. The platform adopted by the New York Republicans is the stereotyped one — opposing slavery, giving President Johnson a cold endorse- ment of part of his policy, and passing by the rest in silence; advocating a slow reconstruction, to find out whether the Southern people are sincere in their love for the Union; and saying nothing upon negro suffrage. The Democracy ought to be successful in New York, for they have stolen a march upon their enemies, and nominated the very candidate the Republicans would have taken; but in other States there is such great apathy in the contest that the party leaders fear renewed Democratic defeats. But very little interest is taken in the Pennsylvania and other elections. The interest becomes less every day, and as both parties in the middle States support John- son there is really nothing for them to fight about. In Wisconsin the Radicals, who were converted in their recent State Convention, have called a Convention on their own account to endorse the Radical policy and fight the President at all points. It meets at Jamesville on September 27, and three parties may afterwards be expected to contest the field in Wis- consin. The campaign will not be very lively, how- ever, for politics are not brisk in any quarter. During the autumn the Fenian question, in Ame- rica as well as in England, will attract great attention. It has already been made a subject of diplomatic com- munication between Sir Frederick Bruce and Secre- tary Seward, and the latter has been asked for an explanation of the various Fenian movements in all parts of the country. This has led to an investigation of the subject, and the leading Fenians say their organi- sation in America numbers 221,000 men, who are pledged to move whenever required to assist in the liberation of Ireland. It is also said that about fifty Irish officers from the army of the Potomac have gone to Ireland, and are drilling the people, and others intend to follow. A tax of twenty dollars per man has been levied in the United States, and is nearly paid up, and will produce 4,500,000 dollars. It is also said that 8 per cent. bonds of the "Irish Repub- lic" are in course of manufacture, and will soon be put upon the market to raise funds for the cause, but who is to pay the interest, or what security there is for the principal, is not stated. Yet, notwithstanding the excitement these people raise — for by taking advantage of the great love America has for abusing England, the Fenians have enlisted many newspapers in their cause — Americans generally do not regard the movement in this country as of any account. The Fenians are principally of the lower orders, illite- rate, and quite poor. The tax of twenty dollars must have imposed a difficult task upon the great majority of them, for their purses are never heavy. They are all Irishmen (no Americans being in the order), and having all immigrated from Ireland, although they love the old country well enough to make a great lament about her real or fancied wrongs, they do not love her so well as to return on any crusade, the suc- cess of which in the best case will be very question- able. They are too poor to fit out any expedition to aid Ireland, or to buy any great quantity of military stores to send there. Unless clandestinely, they cannot go themselves or send aid, for the American Government would not permit it. To send any large force of men or large quantity of stores clandestinely to Ireland will be out of the question, for if they escape the vigilance of American officers they will not escape English cruisers. The Fenians in America are too great blusterers to mean anything very serious. They are a standing joke among our people; and being permitted to rant as they please, they do nothing that is more serious. I think I can safely say, that although there are over 200,000 Fenians in America, and they make a great show of raising money, and are loud in their expressions of sympathy with their Irish brethren, they would give very little material aid either of men or means to any revolu- tionary movement in Ireland. The difficulties in the way are too great, and, were there no difficulties, the character of the movement in America is too fickle, and the men engaged in it too weak to accomplish anything. The indications thicken that the President contem- plates a general amnesty, for of late he has pardoned many Confederates, who, though not of very high rank, were quite obnoxious to the North. He has positively refused to prevent Wade Hampton's hold- ing a seat in the South Carolina Reconstruction Con- vention, although many demands have been made that he should make an example in Hampton's case, and thus disfranchise all delegates to Southern Con- ventions who have not yet been pardoned. It is said that he will release Alexander H. Stephens at an early day, and allow him to return to his home in Georgia, on parole. John Mitchell, C. C. Clay, and Stephen R. Mallory, and Judge Campbell, the former at Fortress Monroe, and the latter at Fort Pulaski on the Savannah River, will soon be paroled. The President now has 15,000 applications before him, and says he will act upon them at once, giving to their consideration all his time not occupied with the affairs of the Government. General Lee will be formally inaugurated President of Washington College, Virginia, in October next, and the ceremonies will be attended by many distin- guished men from all parts of the country. General Joseph F. Johnston, having failed to get the Pre- sidency of the Richmond and Danville Railroad in Virginia, is now seeking a place on one of the Alabama roads. It is presumed that the evidence for the Govern- ment against Captain Wirtz, of the Andersonville prison, will close to-morrow (September 23rd), and that on September 25th the testimony for the defence will begin. There is no doubt that " Wirtz will be found guilty and sentenced to be shot or hanged. The feeling of the country is very strong against him. He may not live, however, until the execution of the sentence, for he is now very low, and when in court has to lie on a sofa and receive medical attendance. The work of reconstruction is satisfactorily pro- gressing, and although the Radicals are quite restive at the gradual marches the South is making towards its own government, there has been no interference with the matter in any State. The contrary is evi- dent in many cases, for several orders have been issued by military officers, at the President's request, for- bidding military interference with civil affairs. The generals in the South now have a tight rein kept upon them, and are not allowed to do as they please. In North Carolina delegates to the State Convention were chosen on September 21, and before the election an order was issued from the military head-quarters forbidding soldiers from visiting the polls or inter- fering in any way. The delegates chosen, as far as known, are all Southern Rights men, but, no doubt, will reconstruct the State without any conflict with the Government. They meet in conven- tion at Raleigh on October 2. In Alabama and South Carolina the conventions are following the path marked out in Mississippi. In both States slavery is abolished, and the ordinance of secession repealed; and in South Carolina a law has been passed providing that Presidential electors and State officers shall be chosen directly by the people. Heretofore they were elected by the State Legisla- ture. In the Alabama convention a petition has been signed requesting the President to proclaim a general amnesty, and to pardon Jefferson Davis. The South Carolina convention has also petitioned for Mr. Davis's pardon, and similar memorials will be forwarded from every Southern convention, as an indication of the unanimous wish of the Southern people. In Alabama, a militia system similar to that in Mississippi has been organised, and the military officers have been instructed to keep their hands of. The Alabama election for Governor and other State officers will be held on November 6th. There is but one restriction upon voting — that the voter shall have taken the President's amnesty oath, and in all the States thus far the refusal to permit negro suffrage has been unanimous. If President Johnson clings to his original intention to allow the Southern States to decide the question of blacks voting for them- selves, the Radicals will be completely thwarted, for nowhere in the South has it a ghost of a chance. In Louisina Governor Wells announced that he has received his commission as provisional Governor, and will soon call a Reconstruction Con- vention. He hopes to have the State thoroughly reorganised before the meeting of Congress in December. There are still some few difficulties in the re-organi- sation of the South, but judicious management will no doubt prevent any bad consequences arising from them. A few days ago a party of soldiers were sent out from a camp near Gaylesville, Alabama, to cap- ture some cattle that had strayed. For some reason as yet unknown the detachment got into conflict with a sheriff, who summoned his posse. In the melee a soldier was killed, when all the citizens but the sheriff were captured and taken prisoners to Gayles- ville. The sheriff ran away and has not since been found. The affair has led to a consulta- tion between the Governor and military Com- mander of the State, and efforts will be made to prevent such troubles in future. There have been some conflicts between the military and civil authorities near Mobile, and a force of cavalry has been sent to strengthen the soldiers. Delicate man- agement throughout the South will be necessary to prevent continual bickerings. In Mississippi Governor Sharkey's militia refused to be mustered into service under any other than the State flag, and if the United States flag be placed in the ranks, they will refuse to serve under it. No attempt has yet been made, however, to thrust the Federal flag upon them, but it will utimately be done, for the Government will certainly not permit so gross an insult to itself as having its own militia refuse to follow its standard. In Arkansas the people are very loth to give up their slaves, and the authorities have great trouble in establishing emancipation and enforcing the rule of the Freedmen's Bureau requiring the planters to make contracts with their former slaves. In one case, a planter at Camden, Arkansas, was sent a circular defining his duties towards his negroes, and he at once sent it back to the agent of the Freedmen's Bureau by one of his slaves with the following reply:— "The bearer of this circular I consider my pro- perty, having seen no enactment of the Federal Con- gress or of our State Government authorising any one to demand him of me. When I am perfectly satisfied that the slaves are emancipated by such authority as is regarded as Constitutional by our higher court of law and equity, then, and not until then, will I make any contract with slaves, or regard them in any other light than the property of those who purchased or raised them; and I am, therefore, the owner of the boy who bears this note." The consequence of this free expression of opinion was that the planter was seized, taken before the Freedmen's Bureau, and fined 60 dollars. The confiscation question being very important, any expression of opinion upon it by those in autho- rity or any new fact developed is of interest. A letter has recently been addressed to Governor Sharkey, in Mississippi, about the confiscation of lands there for State taxes, to which he replied as follows:— "I do not think any lands have been confiscated during the rebellion, or, if they have, I should not regard any such act as changing title. It may be that some lands have been sold for State taxes, but in such cases ample opportunity, I think, will be given for redemption." The rule adopted of showing more favour to the negroes in the Southern States than to the whites does not appear to hold good in Texas, for the military authorities require all negroes to obtain certificates from their employers showing that they earn an honest living. If they cannot do this, they are captured and forced to work for the different city corporations in order to pay for what they eat. The prejudice against the negro is gradually telling in the army, for the Government has found that the troubles between the white and black soldiers can only be prevented by dismissing the negroes. Not only organisations enlisted in the North, but those enlisted in the South are being broken up, and the men dismissed, and already over 30,000 negro soldiers have been quietly mustered out of service. The negro statistics of the army are interesting. Since the beginning of the war 180,000 have been enlisted, of whom over 50,000 died during the war of sickness or wounds. Fully 60,000 of those remaining have been and are being mustered out, and barely 70,000 will remain in service on November 1. The Missouri Test Oath still causes great trouble, and the first legal blow has been struck at it by Judge King, of one of the circuit courts of the State, who, in an able opinion just delivered, declares it unconstitu- tional. But two efforts have been made to enforce the oath-taking, and they were at places where the military authority was strong, and in both cases were against Roman Catholic priests. Father Cronin, at Hannibal, and Father Millen, at Jefferson City, the State capital, were arrested for preaching without having taken the oath, brought before the justices of the peace in the respective counties, and held to bail to appear in court. Their congregations followed them en masse to the justices' offices, each man anxious to sign the bail bonds, and since their release on bail both priests have held re- ligious services. The best counsel in the State have been procured to defend them, and money flows like water to pay for everything necessary to strike down, the oath. Excepting in these two cases, nothing has been done to enforce the hated test, and the Governor still says he will be powerless to resist the clergy until the Legislature meets and grants him additional authority. The Government is gradually concluding treaties of peace with all the Indian tribes in the south-west, and there will be no further disturbance in that quarter. On the western and the north-western borders, however, the troops have their hands full, and fight bloody battles with the savages almost every day, though they are gradually pushing the Indians to the wall. This was their last and greatest effort against the whites, and as the wheel of for- tune slowly turns against them they fight the more desperately. They are doomed, however, and though the conflict will be a long one, and the approaching winter will help them by paralysing military ope- rations, they must ultimately be defeated. The delegation of English capitalists arrived at Niagara Falls to-day, and to night will have a banquet given them at the International Hotel. The Falls will be illuminated by calcium lights, and, no doubt, will present a magnificent appearance. To- morrow (September 23) the delegation will go to Buffalo, New York, the western terminus of the Erie Canal, and the New York Central Railroad. Jeremiah Townsend, who was arrested in Liver- pool for absconding with 100,000 dollars of the money of the Townsend Savings' Bank at New Haven, Con- necticut, was placed on trial at New Haven on the 19th of September. The proceedings were brief, for he pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to seven years' solitary confinement with hard labour in the State prison. The trial of Captain Anderson, of the emigrant ship Villafranca, at New York, for the bad treatment of his passengers, developes some horrid brutalities. The testimony shows Anderson to have been an unfeeling and heartless man, to whom distress and starvation were excellent sport. The provisions given to the passengers were scanty and intolerably bad, and they had not enough water given them to quench their thirst, while eleven cattle on board had as much as they could drink. The details of the testimony are shocking. The women and children implored him for food and drink, but he cursed them, and said he cared nothing for their sufferings, and threatened to throw them overboard if they continued their complaints. It is altogether a terrible story of brutality, and Anderson certainly deserves punishment. QUEENSLAND HORTICULTURAL SOCIETY. — Thursday's Brisbane Courier says:— The summer exhibition of the Queensland Agricultural and Horticultural Society com- menced yesterday. It was held in a store at Jewell's buildings, near to the A. S. N. Company's wharf — a place that is certainly not well adapted for holding a flower show, the room being exceedingly limited. Despite this slight drawback, however, there can be no doubt but that the ex- hibition will be very successful in demonstrating the adap- tability of the soil and climate of this portion of the colony for growing to perfection not only the choicest fruit of the tropics, but also many of the most valued products of the colder temperature of Europe. A great feature in the show is the quantity of silk exhibited by Mrs. Timbrell, whose experience in the production of silk in the Australian colonies has been very great. She shows fourteen glass cases filled with cocoons, in the whole of which, with one exception, the chrysalides are still alive. One small case was manufactured in Victoria, but differs very slightly in appearance from the large quantity which has been obtained by Mrs. Timbrell in one season in Queensland. The lady referred to has established a reputa- tion for exhibiting spun silk of a superior description, having obtained a gold medal at the Dublin Exhibition for specimens sent home by her from Victoria. Besides the silk, Mrs. Timbrell exhibits an ingeniously constructed winding machine, which measures four yards at each revo- lution, and a kokch, or breeding-house, very tastefully put together with worked leather. Some other articles of a similarly interesting character are comprised in this collec- tion, which is one worthy the attention of the visitor. The floral exhibits are all of them exceedingly beautiful, and where all are so good it is certainly not an easy task for the judges to decide to whom the prizes should be awarded. The fruits are also magnificent, and such a collection of grapes, of every imaginable variety, was never before seen at a flower show in Queensland. MARRIAGE. — As long as a man is unmarried, he feels himself unfixed, unsettled; and keen business men consider him insecure, because he can any day pack up his trunk and disappear. The most magni- ficent swindlers in Wall- street, those for the very largest amounts, were unmarried men. There has always existed, from very early ages, a general and almost instinctive prejudice against those who remain unmarried after 30. Lycurgus legislated against celi- bacy, and Cato outlawed female celibates at 25 and bachelors at 36. In the present state of society, if the daughter should be encouraged to marry at 21, and the son at 25, vigorous health and moral purity would be promoted thereby. Pride and cowardice join in delaying marriage; but let the fearful statistics of the larger cities of the world tell the sad story of demoral- isation. In Milan there are 32 illegitimates out of every hundred children born; in Paris, 33 ; in Brus- sels, 35 ; in Munich, 48 ; in Vienna, 51. Out of every hundred suicides, 67 are single, 33 married. Of the hapless insane, out of 172, 98 were single, 74 married. Celibacy is a constant cause of prema- ture death. Of 120 who are all 48 years old, 80 will be married, and only 40 single. In 100 single men only 22 will live to be 60 years old. Of 100 married men, 48 will live to that age. Of a dozen men of 80 years, nine will be married, 3 single. Not only marry young, but marry out of your family. The effect of marrying cousins, for example, even to the third de- gree, are fearful to contemplate. Of 154 cousin mar- riages in Dublin, there were 100 deaf and dumb children ; Dr. Buxton, of Liverpool, states, that in 109 such marriages, each family had 1 deaf and dumb child ; 38 of them had 2 deaf mutes ; in 17 there were 3, 3 had 4, 1 had 6, 1 had 7, and 1 had 8 deaf mutes that is 269 children born deaf and dumb to 109 cousin marriages. The consanguineous marriages in France are 2 per cent. of the whole population. Of their children, 28 per cent. are deaf mutes in Paris, 25 at Lyons, 30 at Bordeaux; while as to the Jews, 27 per cent, of the offspring of such marriages are deaf mutes, 1/8 per cent. of Christian parents; Jews oftener marry- ing blood relations. — Hall's Journal of Health. 