-WS OF THE WEEK. A Government Gazette Extraordinary, published last Thursday, notifies that Henry Charles Manners Sattbn, Esq., B. A., hag been appointed private se cretary and aoting aide-de-camp to his Exoolloncy the Governor; that on Thursday next; at three o'olsck in the afternoon, the Governor wjll hold a fall dress levee at the Exhibition Building ; that on * Thursdays, bstween tho hours of one and three p.m., the Governor win receive persons desirous «jj an interview witfeWm;. and that Lady Manners PAttou will be at nome on Tuesdays -and Fridays, miweehlUk-tSnus o! two and four o'clock. ? ' . . ?i ?Tbo &tal; returns of the polling for the Wsatern ^r^.uce are now to hand. They give a majority ^-r Mr Strachan of 93. The following are the numbers ': Straohan, 309 ; Miller, 216. «?-??.??. We understand £?nat tho Government propose at Once to appoint the Royal Commission to report on ' the working of the present educational 'system. Tae ' : following gentlemen have been requested to aot :— ? vPottne Church of England : The bon. G. Higin ; botham, Dr. Brpraby , and the hon. James . Honty, .. M.L.C. ; for the Wesleyans : Dr. -Qorrigan,and the hon. 'A. Fraser, M.L.C. ; for the PreBbyterians : 'Mr Morrison arid Mr Love, M.L.A. ; for tho Inde pendents : Messrs Rolfe and Gaorge Hai-ker; for the^ Baptists : the hon. Mr Jenner, M.L.C; and , for the Roman Catholics : Dr. Brownleas. and Mr ,,{: Casey, M.L.A;. \:- -.., i ?,;;.-.???,..,?: ...-;?..-,: ?? '; . ?..-,: From the report of the proceedings before the Judicial t/ammittee of the. Privy Council, which ?^pWea'r^ in another oolumn,' it wiU be seen that %He 'whole' of the appeals applied for by the Go ii^Srnment in the Baatter of the soft goods oases ? We been granted;- and that without condition?. *. Wo understand the Government intend to prose l ,'oaie the appeals. Thefoilowing Bums have been awarded to the nndormenUoned police constables, for meritorious ? B«¥V$etBJ-~To sergeant 2nd class Patrick Delaney, . &V;©lttae3, £5, in acknowledgment of his services in ibo arrest and prosecution of Louis Charles Thomas ?-! and Richard Greevee, for house robbery under arms, and — Wilmot, for laroeny; to constable Simon '' ' O'Neill, at Creswick, £3; in acknowledgment of his ; services in successfully searching for a ohild carried -?? off-in a spring-cart by a runaway horse ; to constable ; .-Henry Fowler, at Sale; £3, in acknowledgment of ^hiseervioeB in the arrest and prosecution of Flo r*anoe at'Carthy, sentenced to five years for arson ; ! 'to' constable Joseph Mackay, at Lethbridge, £2, in . ^acknowledgment of his servioes in the prosocution -'of Alfred Qaiok for robbery from a dwelling, and . ;- John Lee for burglary, sentenced respectively to (uthreeyears and Bix months. ;?:' The; Cranbourne road board election .resulted , in the: return of Mr S* J. Tucker for the Cran bourne, subdivision, Messrs S. Adams and George 'Ppoie . for the Sherwood subdivision, and Mr Frederick Poole for the Lyndhurst subdivision. , ! The weather during the last week, at Malmesbury , has been very severe, so much so that operations at ? the Caliban Waterworks have been entirely sus pended. The lecality is one sea of mud. c;'« Vfa leatn that some sensation was created at . Woodfind on Saturday last, by the wife of Mr B. ;3Bftyid3«n haying run away with a gardener em '.ployed oa the premises. She took with her all the 'cash, her eldest boy and youngest child. It is sup i ?-posed 'that the delinquents have gone to Sydney. -The hnsband, as soon as he heard of the elopement, ?-; took train to Melbourne to follow. , v : ;,; Writing on the prioe of bread, the Geelong Ad . :vertiser remarks: — ?'Daily of late our attention V hasbeen direoted to the want of harmony between §he purchasing rate for flour and the selling price 1 of bread. When work is plentiful, and wages are ' 8nffioiently remunerative, complaints on the oost of :?- bread and meat rarely find their way to our office ;? but in the comparative dearth of employment, with the smaller amounts earned, these matters assume .to many a vital importance, and the press is ; :: appliei to for help with an urgency that does not dream of denial. In the middle of ' - April, the four-pound loaf was lowered from . 9d to 81, and it is considered probable that , -the subseqient decline of at least £2 per ton '.'.' in flour will enable the bakers shortly to reduce the ' charge, to sevenpence, aud'thus meet the. wishes of the bread consuming public. We know well that one important feature in this trade is the enormous .extent to which credit is given, and we believe that ..', the losses by bad debts are therefore singularly . heavy ; whether any radical reform in this system : be practicable is simply matter of conjeoture to 'Ithose who are outside the trade, and therefore un versed in its mysteries; but if there be a remedy, 1 .he who could point it out would earn the gratitude ? . alike of the manufacturers and the consumers of ,. bread.' A correspondent writing from Kynetsn says : — *'' A meeting of the railway employes was held on ' 'Saturday afternoon last, Ft three o'clock, at Mr -Green's office, for the purpose of organising a ' otok and' burial fund amo.ng the gatekeepers and repairers. The following persons were elected to the different offices :-~Mr Oflbom, president ; Mr Datton, treasurer ; Mr Gilchrist, secretary ; Messrs Stepbienaon, Contts and Koarton, visiting inspectors ; committee: Messrs J. Brown, J. James, B. Bow man, T. Niohols, James M'Williams, T. Wrangham ,:... and W.Glen. The rules were read, corrected, and ordered to bo printed. Mr William Todd is the promoter of the above benefit society. ' ; An election was held, on Saturday last, at Foots i, , oray, io .fill the extraordinary vacancy, in tbe ;; .borough council, oausod by the resignation of Mr j ' B. Hopkins. The result of tbe poll wag as fol ,... lows -':,— Joseph Coward, 68 ; Richard W. AVearing, 33; Alfred Thomas Jones, G. Threo ballot papers ? jwere null and void. Mr Joseph Coward wus de ,., dared duly elected. ? ? ? The outer cylinder of Hart's new patent quarlz .:, .crashing maohine, woighisg eleven tons, was drawn _ *;?? fchrongh most of the stree's of tho city, ou Wednesday, by eight horse3, on ita, way to Sandhurst. .'This .-novel mode of conveying suoa a ponderous piece of .?..' xne'al to its destination attracted considerable at tention.. .:??-? .;...-? The liita reduction in the pioa of, gas, however -\ benefioial it may be to the consumers, does , not appear to me«t with the approval of the shareholders in the rival companies, who .held: a meetiug, at the London Tavern on Mon ? day, to devise mearia for tho prevention of the ruraou3 proceedings of their .respective boards. Tbe obftir was taken by Mr Edward Cohen, and the ISeetbg unapimotxely reaohei to appoint a, depata tioD, consisting of ten shareholders, five from each company, to wait upon the board of directors, and eogge8ta compromise. The deputation wiUreport. the result of their interview at another meeting, to: beheld on Monday next, at the London Tavern. There have been several depredations at the Observatory of , late, especially siuoe the additions to the building have been in progress. Daring Tuesday night some thermometers were taken away from the grounds, and others broken ;& silvered reflector in which one of the thermometers was placed was also stolen, th9 thieves being probably under the impression that it was composed of silver. Although of great': loss to the Observatory, these things cannot bo of the least nao to tho thieves. The deteotives are on the %ui vivo. ? With regard to the entrance to the Lakes, the Gipps Land Chron:cle has the following:— 11 Captain King informs us ' that lie sounded the entrance to the Lake3 on Tnesday, the 7th inst., and found, at the lowest place, six feet of water at full tide. The channel is, however, too intricate to allow boats of the same length as those in the Gipps Land Steam Navigation Company's service to effect a passage without danger, aud consequently he would not incur the responsibility of ; recom mending the attempt.' , . -; The Ballaarat Star says:— 'The weather for the ; last few days has been very seasonable, as it has been cold and wet. , A large rain fair has taken place,- and all the reservoirs, except Wendouree, are bow overflowing their by-washeBi Oa Saturday heavy gales were, blowing from the westward,- and trees in new grounds have been in some instances : wholly or partially up-rooted.' . -.?;., Tho high prioe of bread appeara to be a common complaint in the country. Monday's . M. A. Mail . sayB : — ' Numerous complaints from correspondents almost daily reach us in referenoa to the high price the- bakers continue to charge for bread. It is urged by many that the present price of flour would admit of the loaf being sold at a much cheaper rate, and still leave a fair margin of profit. The bakers certainly seem to be more sensitive of the rising than the falling market. The public have the matter in their own hands. Let them bake at home, and dispense with the services of the baker.. The credit system might at first militate . against this, but those who are fit to be trusted with bread are also with, flour.' Mr M'Combie met a portion of the eleotors of the Southern Province at the Beech Tree Hotel, Tulla marine, on Saturday last ; the chair being taken by Mr H: J. Brown. Mr M'Combie's address ap peared to give general. satisfaction. He declared himself in f avor of a reduotion of the qualification of both electors and members, but considered an Upper Chamber very nenessary to the due represen tation of the country. -Such, he said, had been the opinion of some of the greatest statesmen of the world, and he certainly agreed with that opinion. He had no doubt that at the time of the ..framing of the present Constitution the amount of qualification was reasonable, but the depreciation in the value of property and other reasons would well permit a re duotion to about one-half, He should support tho present Miuistry.so long as they continued to for ward such measures as wore liberal and in accord ance with the direct wishes of tho people. The candidate concluded by making some few remarks as to his politioal antecedents. Oa the motion of Mr DaHn, seconded by Mr Kingshott, the candidate was unanimously declared a &l; and proper person to represent the province in the Council. A vote- of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceedings. An extensive' robbery of drapery took place on Sunday night, at Fitzroy. It appears that a tra velling draper, named Jonathan Sheldrake, who was staying at No. 20 Fitzroy-street, left his dray, on which were a number of boxes containing drapery, in the yard adjoining the house, at about eleven o'olock at night. On going to the dray yesterday morning, ho found that the boxes had been broken open and their entire contents stolen. The pro perty missing was valued at £150. Oa a search being made, some of it was found in a right-of-way adjoining the place. Information was given to the police, and later in the day two men named Denis fogarty and John Irving were arrested, in whose possessionpart of the stolen property was found. A burglary was committed on Saturday night at Morrow's public-house, the St. Andrew's Hotel, Nicholson-Btreet. An entrance was effected -by forcing the cellar trap, and then passing through the cellar into the bar, where the burglars appropriated all the loose cash, and regaled themselves with a a quantity of liquor. The offices of Mr Cummings, 8 Collins- street east, were broken into some time between Saturday evening and Monday morning. An entrance was effected by forcing one of the windows, but the thieves were disappointed in their expectations, as the only things of value they found were two coats, which they carried off. Cholera has appeared in Bsrliu. A reoent letter says:— 'I have to conclude with a painful and, under present circumatances, an uncommonly serious piece of intelligence. The cholera has now broken out in the neighborhood of Berlin. There were three cases, yesterday, at Frankfortonthe Oder, and 65 cases within the last two days in the little town of Arnswalde. The number of deaths is not mentioned in the papers. A3 tbe poor are poorer than ever, at a time when work is scarce, it would not need the congregation of large armies to aggravate the evil. Bankruptcies multiply.' A rather animated discussion ocourred at a meeting of St. Patrick's Society, held last Monday, to con sider the propriety of expelling one of its members. The president of the association occupied the chair. Tho secretary read a minute passed at a meeting of tho general committee, which characterised the con duct of the geutlempn in qaestiou, Mr Jamos Mono bun, at a meeting held in May Lwtf as highly re prehensible, and, called npon hirato jcuy. a fine, aud npologiso at tho next geuorsl mcoliug. This Mr Monohau ref aaod to do, and the present meeting was then callod. After some remarks from the chuir mau, Mr Langim said that co doubt Mr Monohau regrettod having used tbe words complained if ; if he wsuld expres3 himself to that effect, the meeting - would ask no more of him. Mr O'liiara then moved, aud Mr Plenty ceconded, that the reootninendatioa to expel Mr Monohan be adopted. Mr Scnlly moved es an amendment, ' That the majority of the members of St. Patrick's Society assembled in St. Patrick's Hall on the even ing of iho 13th August, 18G6, do absolutely disap prove of, and wholly condemn, the .action taken by the committee of management, in endeavoring to unwarrantably expel one of the society's members, namely, Mr Jamea Monohan ; the aforesaid ma jority do also declare (be eaid Mr James Monaban to be a true, honest and respectable member of St. Patriot's Society in Melbourne.' Mr Soully re marked that, on the 24th of last May, a meeting was .convened for tbree distinct purposes. . It was called to abolish an iniquitous tax, and for two other reasons, whioh he need not refer to at present. On the discussion of one qnestion there was un doubtedly a great deal of disorder, and Mr Monohan spoke rather exoitedly, as also did other members, but his oonduot was not such, as to justify the proposal to expel him from the society. Mr Grogan seconded the amendment J and after some remarks by. Mr Fpley. Mr_ Murphy pointed out that unless a member was guilty of fraudulent praoticesor of felony, he could- not be ; expelled. Mr Monohan certainly had not been guilty of either of these offences. He had merely spoken exoitedly ; arid was no more culpable, on the occa sion referred to, than some other members. Mr Langan again -urged that Mr' Monohan should apo logise ; but his request was met with loud cries, of 'No' and uYes.' A member here observed that he had heard Mr.. Monohan expressed his regret in the committee room that he had said anything which could be considered offensive. The cb.airmo.ti said the committee, had been harshly dealt with. At first' they had no wish to call ? a meeting to con - sider the propriety of expelling Mr Monohan, but as herefused to make aa apology they thought it was their imperative duty to take further steps. A paper had been placed in; his hand, signed by six members, urging, that the; question should be decided by ballot, therefore he was coinpeiled to accede :to ' their request, A ballot then took place, with the following result : For the amendment; 60 ; , against it, 25. This announcement was. received with applause, and the meeting, toradnated. , ; The ordinary half-yearly meeting of the share holders of the Gipps Land Steam Navigation Com-, pany (limited) was hold at the Hall of Commerce, on Monday afternoon ; Mr John Benn occupied the chair. The directors' report, to the 3.0th June last, together with the balance sheet, were adopted. The report showed that, after making liberal pro vision for depreciation and insurance, the directors had at their disposal for dividend, &c;, the sum of £1009 7s Id, but of which they proposed to pay interest at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum, leaving a small balance to the credit of profit and loss for the ensuing year. Votes .of thanks to the directors and chairman brought the proceedings to a close. ?-,,. .-.'..? :.??..??...?,:.. ?'(...,..?;'?,. ' The committee of the Mplbenrne Home report as follows, for tho'month ending 31st ult. :— Kegistra- tions :' Governesses, 1 ; servants, 82. Engagements : Governesses,!; servants, 72. Inmates : GoverneBses, & ; needlewomen, 8 ; servants, 46 ; staff, 5. ^Number in the Home, 31st. Julyj staff inclusive, 31. ; . The parties signing the memorial to the Executive, praying for a reconsideration of the case of Hugh Ah Koun, late Government interpreter here, have received an intimation from the Crown law officers to the effect that theevidence taken at the trial, together with the report of the Chief Justioe, are no-v under consideration, and no delay will ocour in dealing with the same. , A reward of fifty pounds is, offered by the Govern ment for such informatisn aa shall lead to the con viction of the person or persons guilty of tho murder of a female child, whose body: was founsl en the morning of the 1st inst, on a piece of waste ground near Menzles' HotBl, Latrobo-street, Melbourne., Two hundred pounds reward is offered in last Tuesday's Government Gazette for snob infornidtion as shall lead to tho conviction of the party or paHies who, on Friday, the 11th of May last, set fire to; a fence at Kitandra, Shepparton, belonging to Messrs Dunn, Ross and Lewis, and by which about four miles of the fence was destroyed* . . j-. ? Woporccive by the home papers that a movement is being made to get Mr M'Combie, the well-known oattle breeder, into Parliament ; and, as an openihg is expected in Aberdeenshire, it is probable he will be returned for that constituency, as the tenant farmers, irrespective of politioa, have gonerally agreed to support bim. From his connection with Mr Thoma3 M'Combie, who is his brother, he would no doubt be a good friend to Victoria. ^ The blunders of the lawyers are thus referred; to by Tuesday's Ballaarat Star :—' It would seem that, in the interests of mining litigants, some kind ol ' committee of safety' is wanted to watch over attorneys, and see that they. write without making costly blunders in copying drafts of legal papers. Our readers are aware that three motions by the Warrior Company against the Itohinoor Company fell through altogether, or in part, because of some blunders of a teohnical sort, and by way of reprisals the Warrior Company found out and fastened upon a gross blunder in the Koh-i-noor notice of motion on Monday in the court of mines, for dissolution of the injunction obtained by the Warrior Company, ex parte. By the oinission of a word or two, the notice was made to ask nonsense, or if not, that the continuance of the very injunction for the disaolu of which the company intended to move. One of the counsel for the Koh-i-hoor Company said it was a onstom in Ireland to make blundering attorneys put money in the poor-box as the. price of amend ments in such papers, and. certainly a similar custom here would be a good thing, apparently, alike iathe interests of litigants and tho publio charities.' Writing of the weather, the Daylesford Express says i: — 'Probably more rain has, fallen in this distriot, daring the last week, than in any equal period since 1864. The wet weather set in on . Monday week, and continued almost without in terruption till Sunday night. All the creeks, races, &c;, were filled to overflowing, and, had we had adequate resources for storing the storm water, the volume that would have been retained in the seven .clays ending on Sunday would havo prevented all dangor of a deficiency of fluid nextsummor.' ; What is termed ' a very excellent suggestion ' has, according to tho Ovens Constitution, been made to the Government with regnrd to tho effurd ibg facilities for tho people of tho Ovons dictrict to visit the upproacbing Intercolonial Exhibition at' Melbourne. It ia that the Government should charter ono or more of the sinnll steamers on tho Murray, and take tho Ovens paoplo from Wahguny^h to Melbourne and back by livor aad rail for £2 ahead. Our contemporary says : — ' We- tru3t that the idea may be carried into effect. Certainly eoaie thing of tho Mud ought to be done, as at present the Ovens and Murray people pay, their, share of the railway expenses of the colony, and get n.othitig .whatever in return.' The Hamilton Spectator reports a very sudden and melanoholy death as follows :—' It is witli very sincere regret that* we have to announce the ] death of Mrs Wyly,; the wife of Dr. Wyly, of this town, and daughter of the Iton. S. G. Heaty., The unfortunate lady had only been married a few weeks.' She was taken ill on Wednesday night, and died tbe following afternoon.. We understand thecause of death was. apoplexy. : The unfortunate cirpumstance created a deep feeling of regret throughout the town yesterday.' The Qeelong Advertiser says:— 'We have been, informed, on undoubted authority, that the Bev. Andrew Lpve intends to be a candidate for the re presentation of the South Western Province in the Legislative Counoil,1' ' The weekly meeting of the council of the Accli* matisation Society was held on Tuesday ;. present, Dr. Black, Dr. Mueller, Comtede Gastelnau, Colonel Ohamp, MeBBrs E. S.Dbbson, ..A.B. C. Selwyn and A. Purohas. A letter was read from Mr George M'Leay, promising soon, to sendout a.shipment of lobsters and crabs, stating that the reason why be had not previously eont them was his absence from England. ; A letter from Sir Charles Nicholson was read,- regretting that he had not been able to Bend the gaSsllos, which he had prpmiBed on the Bupposi tion that he was about to return to Australia through Asia Minor and the Persian Gulf. Sir Charles, however, plaoes his servioes unreservedly at the dis posal of the counoiU A letter from the Anglers' Protection Society waB read, requesting the courioit to take some steps' to secure1 some trout' ova for this colony. The seoretary was direoted to reply that tbishad been done, and that the first portion of the ova might be expeoted here in a few days. Mr H. P. Venableswas eleoted a member of the council, in the piaee of Mr E. H. Ourr, resigned. In the proceeding of the scientific societies of Great Britain, for the month of June, the name of the Rev. Dr. Bleaadale appears as having been elected a Fellow of the Linnean Society of Condon. This. is one of the most exclusive societies, and the fellowship is considered a great honor. ; . We take the following, relative to the quarantine of the Tornado, from the Geelong Register :— ' We learn that two only out of the passengers and- crew of the ship Tornado, confined at the quarantine ground since the 20th July, remain at the depot, the rest having been set free on Saturday. last} and four out. of the five policemen who guarded them re turned last night to Melbourne, the fifth remaining on' duty at the hospital , whore the t wo p atients are yetL confined with the Bmall-pox.' Crime in Bnngaree and Warrenheip has lately been on the increase, and depredations of various descriptions are now of .frequent occurrence. The Ballaarat Star remarks :— 'It is not long since we heard of a valuable, horso havine its . legs nearly ohopped off, and on one evening during last week Mr John Eitchie, of the Linlithgow Hotel, had a hose shot in the breast, near his premises. -Dn Sunday forenoon, a. valuable Newfoundland dop, belonging to Mr Coghlan, of the Warr^n^P brewery, was -also shot in the head by some mis oreant. The poor animal s'f aggered . into the yard after being shot, and lay down, and the report of firearms having been heard, the place was searched, but; no one was discovered upon whom the crime could be charged. The dog, although severely wounded, i8 still alive. Mr Coghlan has offered a reward for the discovery of the off ender.' , A fossilised jaw-boue has, according to the Gee long Register, been' found at Limeburner's Point, embedded in solid rock, thirty feet below the Bur face. It is in a remarkablo state of preservation, and one of Ihe teeth is without even the slightest Bign of dooiy.. .' The bperatisn of the Land Act in thus roferrool to by the Melbourne correspondent of a country papf r t —'Whatever may be tho undei'tainty attend* ing the operation of Mr Gr;fit's Land Act, os it affects tho objects of that oft-quoted -clasp,' the hona fiie settlers; ; aud great as the amount of gambling in land undoubtedly is, there can be no doubt that it is being availed of to some extent by the farmers of other colonies, aB well a3 by fnrmers and thoBe who would , be suoh in our own colony. The agri culturists of South Australia have all along shown a disposition to take advantage of the facilities sup pOBed ts he presented to them, and although somo tlf thetn who have been over here land-seeking have gone baok disappointed and disgusted, others -have been more successful. The last boat from Adtl^ide brought a few of those who had previously obtained selections, and they say that twenty more from their neighborhood are about to folio V7. ; The M. A. Mail says 5—' We have it from re; liable authority that W. Urquhart, Esq., J.P., has consented to contest the North- Western Province with Mr Fraser.' '.-..:'', The annual meeting of the Board of Agricnllnra was held on Wednesday afternoon ; Mr Learmonth presided. It was decided that the agricultural socie ties of Baringhup, Colao and the Western district, should participate in the grant-in-aid f or 1866. A discussion occurred in reference ts Mr Maokenzie, the late president, who, it appeared, had failed, to pay to the board a sum of £60, whioh he had drawn out of the bank, over and above the sum of £100 voted to be paid him by the rust committee^ It was stated that the- board had Mr Mackenzie's security for ;th.e amount, and the matter then dropped. The annual report, having been slightly amended, was adopted ;. and after the appointment of an auditor and members of council for the ensuing year, the meeting separated. . . The adjourned meeting of the Horticultural Society of Victoria was held on Wednesday, at the Mechanics' Institute, Sir J..F. Palmer, president, in the chair, for the purpose of reoeiving the report of the sub-committee appointed to consider a letter from the Intercolonial Exhibition Commissioners. It was resolved that the sub -committee have an interview with the commissioners, in order to make ouch arrangements as may be. deemed necessary to oarry out the proposed exhibitions, and to report to an^adjourncd meeting on Tuesday next. A sub committee was also appointed, consisting tf Dr. Mueller, and Messrs- Clurson and O^ilvy, to driw up a congratulatory address for presentation to hia Excellenoy the Governor at an curly date , Mr Whiittnonyh, of Greenborongb, laid upon tho table a voiy flno namplo of oppb, 'Northern Greening,' arid a pear of the variety known as ' Late CiRwford,' ;? Messrs B^rr, Hanty, and Hirseftill, h?.va been elocled. without opposition for the Barwick, Paken, bnm and Sooreahy subdivisions of tho Berwick district board respectively. A bingnlarocourronoe is thus related by the Yass Courier :— ' Mr Thomas Colls, of tho Commercial Hotel, has some'fancy fantail pigeons. Oue of his purebred Spanish hens laid nine eggs in the pigeon-box,, and, singular to relate, one of i the pigeons hatohed one of tho eggs, and brought forth a Spanish chicken,' - ? :????:'.. ''A We toko the following from the Glowworm, a I ^Lohdonevenirig journal ?:— W'TheJpririter of tho Mel bourne Argus ia[ in, prison, because that journal de _ soribed a speech made by the Colonial Chief Secre tary ds ' bristling with falsehood.1 Wo think it Berves him right. Any journalist who accuses a speaker of mendacity should do it at peril of punish ment-reven as a man risks condign castigation who orally charges another rwith falsehood. To say that an actor does not' know his part, or that an author writes, stupidly, or even that a member of Parlia . xaent talks nonsense, ought not to be deemed libel Ions, if there is to be any criticism at all | but to wound moral oharacter is urjjust, especially where the assailant is- anonymous. So this colonial : journalist deserves what: he has got. It would be ; well if the Australian pross could be taught a little civility.' The Argus, for example, the first journal of Victoria, is dull beyond the endurance . of man, exoept when personal.' ' . : It is stated that Mr Burrowes has no intention. 'of contesting the eleotion for the Western or ' South-Western Provinces for a Boat in the Legis lative Oourioil. ... : : Tho Malmesbury correspondent of the Daylesf ord Merdury furnishes the following :— ' A Mr Bryant, who is reported to bo a gentleman of considerable wealth and the owner of the Royal Terrace, in Mel bourne, was discovered last night smuggling a quan tity of powder for blasting purposes. My informant states that the gentleman iu question travelled by rail from Melbourne in aflrst-clasB carriage, oarrying with him the destructive composition, which would have cost him about four shillings for its conveyance ixi' thelegitimate way. On his arrival at the Malms T»ury terminus, at ten p-m., ho engaged a man to convey it (1 owt) to the Royal Mail Hotel, for which he paid the munificent Bum of biz pence. On its ' arrival at the hotel, the smokers who sat on the box became inquisitive and discovered the oontonts of Mr Bryant's heavy box, upon which information .was given to Benior-constable Holmes, who seized ' the powder, and has already taken steps to bring the offender to justice. A caprifice of human life would no doubt have ensued, if a spark from the men's pipes had fallen on a particle of the com bustible.' The following absurd story is told by the Warren heip correspondent of the Ballaarat Star ':? — ' War renheip has been for a lengthened period notorious for many things, in fact, for nil things short of uotnal cannibalism, and it is not quite clear that we would not have ' perpetrated this horrible crime had J the person of the first discoverer of our savage pro pensities been fairer to the view ; but, unlike most savages, we are particular in our food. We are now about to add to our former notoriety -by pro-' duoing the first colonial ghost, a real (I was nearly : Baying live) ghost, and no mistake about it* St. ',' Kilda has already tried its ghost story, and other parts of the colony have followed suit, but allfailed ; and uji to thor present the nearest approach to a, ghost, on this side of the line, was that put upon the stage pt the Theatre Royal some time ago. For ; Warrenheip has been reserved the good fortune of producing the first veritable ghost, and the story runs thus: — In the vicinity of Magilla and Coghlan's brewery lives a Mr Daniel Fahey, a native, as the name botokens, of the Emerald Isle, who, for some 'deed done in his days,' is now tormented hy a spirit of the other world, which makes its presence known by constantly lighting , the candles as fast as they are put out, so that once a candle is lighted it must bo thoroughly burnt out ; and no matter how many candles may be burning or where plaoed, if they are all extinguished they will, by some mysterious agency, be againlighted in tho twinkling of a bed-post, as we say in Ireland. Several people have viBited the scene, and all come away exblaiming ' Glory be to God, it is the most wonderful thing we ever saw.' Mr Fuhey, in his extremity, started yesterday to consult the divines of , his Church, in whose ? baokward matters of dissever ' ing power' he places most implicit faith, and who, no doubt, have given him some good advice which he wisely keeps to himself. I have not yet visited the scene of ghostly operations, but should the wonder live until to-morrow I purpose satisfying ? myself, when, no doubt, I shall be able to render a good aooount of his ghostship. The latest, to hand is that last night the candlesticks took a fit and jumped off the table on to the floor and back again.' An application was made, on Thursday, to Mr Grant, for a farmers' common at Mordialloo, between Dandenong and Mornington. It was said that the land hitherto made nse of had been absorbed by free , , selectors, and Mr Grant promised to comply with the request. The large dam at Mount Clear, belonging to the St. Andrew Quartz Company, White Horse, burst Ub embankment a few dayB ago, and Bwept trees and fences before it. There was about five feet of water in the dam at the time. 'From the Ballaarat Star we learn that !'a meeting of gentlemen interested in the eleo tion of Mr George Rolfe for the representa tion of the South-Western Provirioe, in the Legislative Council, was held on Wednesday evening, at the Buck's Head Hotel, for the pirpose f making arrangements for contesting tho election. Mr M'Dowall oconpied the chair. There was a large attendance, about forty persona being present. Mr Rolfe entered into a brief exposition of his views on some of the leading questions at present before the country, after which the meeting unanimously resolved to support him, and focmed itself into a committee for that purpose,1 with power to add to its number. A meeting of the committee will be held again on Monday, to arrange for the holding of a public meeting, at which Mr Rolfe will address the eleotors.' An eleotion of two councillors' to fill the extra ; ordinary vacancies in tho Prakran council, caused by the resignation of Ors. Diokson aud Whito, ? was hold oe Thursday, and resulted in Ihoreturn of Mr H. J. Knipe and Mr C. Ogg. The olose of the poll was as follows: — H. J. Knipe, 7i7 ; C. 1 Ogg, 617 j J. Goold, 622 ; and C. J. Lowis, G15. On Tuesday last, Mr Couohman, the surveyor of the. CastlomaiBO distriot, attended at Shearer's Hotel, DayleBford, to hoar certain complaints pre \- . ferrod against Mr A. G. Brown, tho contract sur veyor under the 43nd olause of the Amending Land Aot, for tho eastern portion of tho Hepburn dis trict. The Express says:— 'Wo understand that the investigation waB ordered by Mr Grant, in con sequence of representations to the effeot that Mr Brown had failed to survey allotments within a rea sonable time after applications had been lodged. We boliove, however, that Mr Coucbman was satis fied, after listening to the charges, that Mr Brown ' Bwwn was blameless, the delay haying arisen through his physioal inability to make the surveys sooner. That gentleman was not present, as he had left for town to lay the facts before the Min ister of . Lands. We' have no doubt that all the contract surveyors are liable to similar misrepre sentations, and from the same cause.' The foundation stone of a new bridge over the River Plenty; at Morang, was laid, on Wednesday last, by Mrs Wilton, the wife of John Wilton, Esq., J.P. A handsome ail ye/ trowel was presented to MrsWilton by the chairman of the road board, A bottle, containing the daily journals, a record of the proceedings in connection with the erection of the bridge, and several coins of the realm, was plaoed in a cavity in the stone; and it having been declared duly laid, three hearty cheers wore given. A short address having been delivered by Mr Wilton, the proceedings terminated. . The value, in a commercial sense, of the ' black Band,' which ha3 for Beveral years past been unprofitably extraoted, fn. the prpoess of gold seeking, from the soil of the auriferous district extending along the course of the Yarra, in and _around Anderson's Creek, is at length in a fair 'way of being satisfactorily tested. A sample of tho sand in queation was recently brought to. town by Mr John Allen, a miner, who. has spent- some time in «' prospecting' in the looality in question, and the following report upon its constituent ele ments will be read, not without interest, by those concerned In the development of the mineral re sources of the country. It may be added, that Mr Allen is about taking the necessary steps for forming a company, with the view of utilising the produot in question; and it is stated that other associated efforts are about being organised for the attainment of the same useful object. The report above mentioned is as follows :— ?' Mining department, Melbourne, 10th August, 1866\. Sir,— I have the honor to report that I have carefully examined a sample of auriferous sand, broughtlto the office by Messrs Allen, of, Anderson's Creek. I find it to consist of sulphide of iron and titaniferous iron, with a considerable quantity of scaly gold. I have eliminated the gold, and having taken 10 oz of the sand, obtained a result of 34 grains, whioh shows a'return of 253 oz 17 dwt 4 gr per ton of sand. I have not assayed the gold, but, judging from its appearance, it is of fair average quality. — I have, &c;, W. Vazie Simons. To Brough Smyth, Esq., Secretary for Mines.' \- The M. and D. Advertiser says :—' We have heard a good deal lately about striking, for wages, beoause a reduction would not be submitted to, but anovel case has come under our notice, for the truth of which we oan vouch. A working miner came to his, employers the other day and said that ho wished to, leave their employ, in whioh he had. been f©r some months, receiving £2 53 per weok as his hire. He owed some small debts contracted during the drought, and urged, aB . his reason for leaving, that his creditors knew that he was in. tho receipt of regular wages, and were always asking for a settle ment . of accounts. He therefore intended to go fossioking again. 'But,' said the employer, 'can you earn 30s per week, then, on the average ?' 'No, was the reply ; ' but then my creditors will know that I have not got the money, and will not ask for payment.' We commend ;tkis novel advantage of poverty to those of our working miners who are such devout believers in high wages.' The M. A. Mail says :— ' A day or two ago, as Mr Millan, of Campbell's Creek, was opening the gizzard of a fowl, he made the discovery that it oontained a nugget. of gold J oz in woight. The bird had been for some time running about Mr Millan's paddook, in whioh mining is now going on.' The Geelong Advertiser says ?«'. The Rivor Barwon, which has been running bank-high for the past few days, has been augmented by its tributaries, and the water is now running over the river fiats on the northern bank below the breakwater. The roins having ceased at Ballaarat and the surrounding dis tricts, there is not any probability of there being a flood on the present occasion. The river is now higher than at any other time during this year.' 