SUPREME COURT. MONDAY, MAY 7, 1866. MONDAY, MAY 7, 1866. CIVIL SITTINGS. BEFORE his Honor the Chief Justice MONK V. HARRIS.-(Resumed.) Mr. Shaw and Mr. Cooper for plaintiff ; the Attorney-General, Mr. Pring, and Mr. Bramston for defendant. Andrew M'Donald, shipjoiner : In November, 1865, I worked for the plaintiff on the Hamlet's Ghost ; I worked on her till she was finished ; I received 12s. per day, and worked ten hours, from 13th November to the beginning of Decem- ber. [This witness corroborated the last as to the number of men employed on the vessel, and to his having heard defendant give directions for various alterations from time to time.] Two or thrce vessels might have been built while they were humbugging with her ; a correct estimate of the work done on her could not be formed by cutting a hole in her here and there. Cross-examined by Mr. PRING : I fitted up her cabin and skylights, and also worked at the bulwarks ; while I was there, there was an average of nine men a day ; I helped to undo some of the work that was not properly done ; I altered one locker, which might have taken me a day. Alexander Ross, ship-joiner, examined by Mr. SHAW : About the middle of December I was at work on the Hamlet's Ghost for the plaintiff ; I was employed up to March, when the vessel was finished ; there were eight or nine men employed on the average. Cross-examined by Mr. BRAMSTON : I was employed making the skylight and other in- ternal fittings ; there were three joiners at work, at 12s. a day, for three months and a half regularly. Robert Halls, shipwright : I have worked at my trade for twenty-five years—about five years in this port ; in December last I was working on the Hamlet's Ghost ; from December till she was finished ; my wages were 12s. per day, for ten hours. The witness then gave evidence of the number of men employed, and the amount of labor expended on the vessel. Cross-examined by Mr. PRING : She is now a new vessel with the old one inside her ; it would have been a better job to have left out the old one altogether ; it was a piece of ab- surdity; to repair the vessel, as she was not worth it ; a vessel of her description and ton- nage would cost £800 or £900 ; that is, as she was turned out of plaintiff's yard, without rigging ; the Ghost is worth about £700 now. Re-examined by Mr. SHAW : I mean £700 for the hull of the vessel, as she was finished in plaintiff's yard. George Feint, laborer : I was employed on the Hamlet's Ghost from October till March, at 6s. per day, and was paid regularly ; at the time she was hauled on the bank I heard defen- dant say to plaintiff that he did not like the appearance of the stern, and asked if it could be altered ; plaintiff said Yes, at a very great expense by filling up the irregular parts and putting on an elliptic stern ; defendant wished him to go on and make a good job of it ; plain- tiff told him it would be an expensive affair ; at this time we were at work on the vessel, and ten minutes after this conversation we were all ordered to knock off, as the proposed alterations rendered useless what we were doing ; after this plaintiff was constantly at work himself, except on two or three occasions, when his brother took his place. Cross-examined by Mr. BRAMSTON : When this conversation took place she had her masts in her ; the greater portion of her was then stripped. Nicholas Goodyer, shipwright and boat builder, deposed : In December last I was at work on the Hamlet's Ghost for plaintiff until the completion of the vessel ; I had 12s. a day and was paid regularly ; I have had consider- able experience in building vessels; I have helped build twelve vessels on the diagonal planking principle ; I and Banfield did most of the diagonal planking ; there were twelve other shipwrights and joiners employed on the vessel at the time I was there ; I would sooner build two of her class than repair her as she was re- paired ; it would be impossible to tell the labor bestowed on the vessel by opening her here and there ; from the way she was opened on Satur- day no one could form an opinion ; they could not see one-twentieth part of what was done ; to give a reliable estimate it would be necessary to tear her all to pieces again. Cross-examined by Mr. PRING : When she was turned out of plaintiff's yard she was worth what she cost ; while the work was in progress I asked plaintiff what he was fitting her up in the manner he was for ; plaintiff said it was at the owner's wish ; I never heard de- fendant give any orders. Edmund May, shipwright and boat-builder : I have been journeyman and master, and have had considerable experience ; I worked on the Hamlet's Ghost from December to March, at 12s. per day ; this witness deposed to eleven men being at work on the vessel at the same time as himself ; I never built a yacht of the same size that had so much materials expended on her as the Hamlet's Ghost ; from the way in which the vessel was opened on Saturday last no one could judge of the labor and materials expended on her; all that was done was necessary to make a good job of her. Cross-examined by Mr. BRAMSTON : Directly I saw her I could have told that it would cost a great deal more to repair her than to build a new one ; when the vessel left plaintiff's yard I should say she was worth about £900 (that is the hull and the spars ; a new one of her class would cost from £30 to £35 per ton ; the system of diagonal planking is quite new ; I have built five or six yachts, and a great number of fishing boats ; such a boat as the Ghost in England, new, would cost about £750. David Muir, shipwright : I have worked fourteen years in this port ; I saw the Hamlet's Ghost during the time she was under repairs last year ; there was a great deal of labor in- volved ; he last saw her on Saturday afternoon ; she was then stripped, or open in some parts, but not so that any man could give an estimate of what labor had been expended on her ; to do that it would require both skins to be taken off. Cross-examined by Mr. PRING : Before the vessel came into plaintiff's hands, about two years ago, I had the repairing of the Ghost, and I then took out about half her timbers, and replaced them with yellow wood ; I believe she was afterwards very badly used, but I don't think it was necessary to remove the whole frame ; I know some planking was pulled off her in the bay by putting the cook's galley overboard for an anchor. Re-examined by Mr. SHAW : The timbers I took out were the ribs to which the planking was fastened ; I took out every other rib, though the whole wanted taking out. This was the plaintiff's case. George Harris, the defendaut, examined by Mr. PRING : I am the owner of the Hamlet's Ghost ; the plaintiff has been in the habit of doing work for me ; in October last the Ghost wanted some repairs, and I sent for plaintiff ; the vessel was then taken over to his yard to have a leak stopped ; I afterwards went over to inspect her ; she was on the bank ; leak not stopped ; on or about the 2nd of November I went over to see her again, and noticed some men at work on her ; I was then desirous of sailing her in the regatta ; I simply wanted the leak stoppod, the after companion taken off, and the opening filled up flush with the deck ; that had been done on the 3rd of November ; on or about the 2nd of November I told plaintiff I wished to inspect the vessel ; on my going over plaintiff suggested as a great improvement an elliptic or round stern, which he said would afford very much more accommo- dation aft ; I told him he could proceed with the work ; he never told me what the expense would be, but I think he said those matters were ex- pensive ; that was all the conversation that took place previous to her being hauled up, stripped, and a new kelson, stem and stern posts ; I never gave any direct orders, but whenever the plaintiff mentioned anything I told him to pro- ceed with the work ; I never told plaintiff to haul her up, but plaintiff said it would be necessary ; plaintiff commenced to haul her up, and the chains gave way ; on that I went over to inspect the vessel, and inquire if any damage was done ; plaintiff informed me there was not ; all the alterations and repairs were made at plaintiff's suggestion from time to time, except the grating seats and water closet, whieh was my suggestion ; the diagonal planking was plaintiff's suggestion ; I could never get from the plaintiff what would be the probable cost, though I frequently inquired ; he told me the repairs would be less than construct- ing a new vessel ; he never before charged me 15s. a day for himself, though he has frequently done work for the firm ; I never engaged to pay him 15s. for himself, nor 12s. a day for men ; no agreement of any kind, or mention of the num- ber of men ; I think he mentioned to me, in answer to a question on the 3rd January, that he had gone roughly into calculation, and that the expenditure up to that time for labor was £180 ; he never said he would be more satisfiod if I sent some one to keep time ; I never got any estimate whatever of what would be the pro- bable expense in all, though I frequently asked for it ; 1 paid him £200 in three payments ; the last towards the completion of his work ; he did not then furnish ime with an account ; when she was handed over to me in March, there was nothing said about the account ; at the time she left plaintiff's yard, I had put into her materials, ballast, sails, fittings, masts, &c.;, to about £400 ; on the 3rd of March, plaintiff called at my private house and asked for payment of his account ; I declined, telling him I would see him on my return, as I was just then going out ; he afterwards came to my office, and I told him I should make no further payment until he furnished me with an account ; shortly after the account was sent in, showing a balance due to him of £570, and giving me credit for £200 ; I declined to pay it, but offered to refer the matter to arbitration, which he doclined, and commenced this action ; I then paid £200 into court in addition to the £200 I had paid him, that being what I consider fair ; I have had the vessel examined, holes cut in her for that purpose. Cross-examined by Mr. SHAW : I don't re- member expressing myself dissatisfied with the stern on the 2nd November ; that was not the time the filling out was spoken about ; I agreed on his suggestion to the elliptic stern and the filling out, also to the diagonal planking ; plain- tiff told me the alterations he recommended would be cheaper than the construction of a new vessel ; I remember plaintiff doing work for me on the Ellen Collins in January, 1865 ; he may have charged for himself in that case ; also in March and May for other work, I cannot say whether he charged or not ; there never was an understanding that in consequence of the amount of work we gave plaintiff he should do it cheaper for our firm than other people ; the last pay- ment of £130 out of the £200 was paid on the 9th February, 1866 ; she was then nearly finished ; the value of the spars I provided were worth £5. The witness then proceeded to go through the items making in value the £400 he had spoken to as having supplied himself. Re-examined by Mr. PRING : I paid him the £200 in three payments—November 25, 1865, £20 ; January 3, 1866, £50 ; Febuary, £130 ; I am sure that he told me the repairs he pro- posed would be cheapor than a new yacht ; it was after December that he suggested the diagonal planking ; he said it would make her considerably stronger. Richard Fegan, examined by Mr. BRAMSTON : I am foreman to Mr. Cuthbert, shipbuilder, Sydney ; he is the largest shipbuilder in the colonies ; I have been up here on two occasions specially to repair the Melmerby and Castle Eden ; the last was nearly a wreck when it came to this port ; I superintended the whole of the work in those ships ; I know the Hamlet's Ghost ; I have examined her thoroughly ; opened her out sufficiently to enable me to form an estimate of the cost ; I have made an esti- mate of the work in detail, and I have come to the conclusion that £366 7s. 6d. would be a fair value for the work and materials—that is £254 12s. 6d. for the labor expended, and £111 15s. 6d. for materials ; the work generally is such that Mr. Cuthbert would condemn, and I, as a fore- man, should not pass it ; on inspecting the work I found no fastening in the fore part of the kelson ; there ought to have been ; from the kelson to the deck there was no breasthook, and consequently no support for the bows ; there was a fastening above the deck in lieu of a breasthook ; the pannelling is very plain, and what is commonly called inset pannelling ; the lockers are very plain, and ought not to have been passed as joiners' work ; the work in the cabin generally was very plain, and such that any apprentice in our yard could havo done ; my opinion of the whole job is that it is any- thing but what it ought to be, particularly the outside ; at the present time the vessel is lop- sided ; I would take a contract to complete a vessel the same as she now stands for £525, in- cluding spars, sails, and running gear ; in giving my estimate for the work I did not include the iron-work. Cross-examined by Mr. SHAW : I am not Mr. Cuthbert's chief foreman ; my wages are £1 per day when out, and at home £4 or £5 per week ; I have examined the Hamlet's Ghost particu- larly ; the old deck has been covered over with a sheathing of beech ; there are new beams from the bulkhead aft ; there is only a small portion of new deck forward, as much as was necessary in carrying out the additional length ; I can- not say from personal examination how many layers of timber have been used in doing the filling up that has been spoken to, nor can I say how much of the bottom is actually new, or how many ribs are new ; there are no longi- tudinal pieces for the diagonal planking, which there ought to be ; the frame of the old vessel is not sufficient for that purpose ; there are tim- bers put in to which the diagonal planking is attached ; I have not allowed anything in my estimate for the new bottom ; the effect of a bolt connecting the knightheads would not have the same effect as a breasthook ; the effect of a breasthook is to secure it vertically and horizon- tally. At this stage, it being 5 o'clock, the further hearing was adjourned, till (this day) Tuesday, at 10 o'clock. CRIMINAL SITTINGS. BEFORE his Honor Mr. Justice Lutwyche. The criminal sittings of the Supreme Court, at Brisbane, commenced to-day. The Attornoy-Gonoral, in person, prosecuted on behalf of the Crown. The othor members of the bar present were Messrs. Jones, Hurst, and Hely. JURORS FINED. George Hillyard, Homes Howden, and Thomas Hodson were each fined £3 for non- attendance as jurors. The fine of George Hill- yard was subsequently remitted. WOUNDING WITH INTENT. Mary O'Hara was indicted for that, on the 26th day of April last, she feloniously, unlaw- fully, and maliciously did wound one Joseph Krosch with intent to do grievous bodily harm. Upon being called upon to plead, the prisoner made a long statement hardly audible, which seemed to show that the act for which she was charged was committed in self defence. Tho ATTORNEY-GENERAL said that in fairness to the prisoner he would state that the prisoner had been confined as a dangerous lunatic, and been discharged some twelve months past. A certificate was handed into the court to that effect. His HONOR said that if that was the only evidence of insanity he would not order a jury to be impanneled in order to try the question of insanity, but directed a plea of "not guilty" to be recorded, which was accordingly done. The evidence showed that Mr. F. Hingston, who is rate collector for the Brisbane Munici- pality, went on the 26th of April last to the house of Mrs. O'Hara, at about 12 noon, with a warrant to colloct rates for two years on the house. The house is at the back of Petrie Terrace, opposite the Mortuary Chapel. Hings- ton was accompanied by a man named Joseph Krosoh. Kingston went in and told her he had a warrant for two years' rates, and she refused to pay, and told him to go to Mrs. Scoylor the former tenant. He refused to leave the pre- mises, and she struck him with her fists on the head. He caught hold of a chair twice, but did not lift it. He told her to behave herself, and she said I will, and went into the kitchen and brought out an iron bar, with which she struck Hingston and Krosch indiscriminately over the head and arm. Krosch then held her by the two hands, and Hingston took the bar from her. She then went into her room and locked herself in. Hingston then left Krosoh in possession and went for assistance. About a minute after Hingston had been gone she un- locked her bedroom door and rushed out, and said " I'll have your heart's blood." She passed Krosch, who was standing at the table iu the front room, and went into the kitchen ; she returned immediately with a white-handled table knife in her hand, and said " Leave the house or I will stab you to the heart." At the same time she rushed on Krosch, and aimed a blow at his breast. Krosch put up his left arm to ward off the blow while he endeavored to seize her with his right. The blow took effect in his arm, and caused him to stagger back against the table, when she endeavored to strike him with the knife upon the forehead. Krosch managed to catch her under the armpit and stop the force of the blow. The knife, how- ever, descended on to the forohead, inflicting a wound. The blood partially blinded him, and he pushed her from him and left the house. A few minutes only had elapsed while this took place, and Mr. Hingston, on returning to the house met Krosch, who was wounded in the left arm and on the temple ; he held the warrant (produced) in his hand, which was stained with blood, which at the time was wet. Krosoh was then taken to the hospital, where Dr. Lans- down examined the wounds, and deposed that the wounds were of a nature that might have produced grievous bodily harm. The prisoner, by her cross-examination of thr witnesses, seemed to rest her defence upon acts of violence and indignities offered to her by Mr. Hingston and Krosch ; but the witnosses positively denied that anything had taken place. His HONOR, in summing up, said that what- ever might be the condition of the woman's mind at any time previous, or at the present time ; her demeanor was certainly that of a sane and determined woman at the time of entry, but of one who was evidently violent and wanting in judgment. The jury returned a verdict of guilty ; with a recommendation to mercy on the ground of the suddenness of the demand, and the possible weak state of her mind at the time. On being asked why sentence should not be passed upon her, the prisoner suggested that a fine would be sufficient, as the Corporation was so short of cash. Sentence : To be imprisoned and kept to hard labor for one year. REG. V. STOTT. James Stott was indicted for that upon the 7th day of April last he feloniously stole one horse, the proporty of Patrick M'Hugh. A second count, charged him with feloniously receiving the same. The prisonor, who was undefended, pleaded not guilty. In opening the case, the ATTORNEY-GENERAL briefly stated the facts, and referred to it as a most impudent robbery. It appeared that Patrick M'Hugh is a farmer, residing at the Nudgee waterholes, about 8 miles from Brisbane. On the 7th April last he came into Brisbane, riding a dark bay horse. He went to Father Sheehan's house in Boundary- street, Fortitude Valley, and upon going there he put his horse insido the gate, which he fastened ; while there he saw the prisoner, through a glazed door, patting the horse. When he came out both the horse and the prisoner were non est. M'Hugh looked out for the man, and found him on Gregory Terrace, leading the horse. Upon M'Hugh coming up to him, he asked the prisoner where he was taking him to. At first the prisoner said the horse was his ; M'Hugh then claimed the horse, and the priso- ner then said he was taking the horse to get him some good grass. He was then seized by M'Hugh, and given into the custody of Acting- sergeant Blake, to,whom he stated that he got the horse on the road. A verdict of guilty was returned by the jury. In passing sentence, his HONOR said that, un- fortunately for the prisoner, it had come to his knowledge that this was by no means the first offence committted by him (the prisoner). On the 13th March, 1865, he was sentenced by the Brisbane Bench to three months' imprison- ment with hard labor, and on the 6th July to six months' imprisonment with hard labor, for larceny. On the 23rd of February last he was sentenced to one month's imprisonment with hard labor for the same offence. His HONOR'S opinion was that he was an in- corrigible thief, and he would not be doing his duty to society if he did not pass upon him a sentence which would for some time at least prevent him from pursuing his nefarious career. His HONOR then sentenced the prisoner to be kept to penal servitude for the term of three years. REG. V. SWEENEY. In this case Charles Sweeney pleaded not guilty to an indictment which charged him with having, on the 15th April last, attempted to ravish one Ann Horan ; a second count charged him with having indecently assaulted the said Ann Horan. The prisoner was defended by Mr. Jones, in- structed by Mr. Doyle. The prisoner challenged ten jurymen. The Crown directed two to stand aside. It appeared that the prosecutrix lives at Mr. Mangan's, on Petrie Terrace, Brisbane, and is 14 years of age ; on the 15th April last, on a Sunday afternoon, she was living in South Brisbane, and was in the house of a Mr. Barter ; on that afternoon she went from Barter's to the house of a Mr. Timothy Doyle ; when there, Katie Doyle, a daughter of Mr. Doyle, came in ; there was a child crying in the house, and the prosecutrix and Katie Doyle took the child out of Doyle's house, and went to a house near the river, occupied by one Thomas Farrell, where she thought the child's mother lived ; a girl, Mary Ann Gleeson, came out of the house, and took the child, and asked prosecutrix to sit down in the back room ; in that room the pri- soner was lying on a bed ; the girl before men- tioned washed the child, and threw some of the water over the prisoner, who jumped up and ran after her ; being unable to catch her he returned by the back door to the room in which Ann Horan and Katie Doyle were sitting ; Katie Doyle escaped under his arms, and Ann Horan also endeavored to escape, but the prisoner caught hold of her round the waist and pulled her on to the bed ; she kept screaming as loud as she could, and the noise attracted the notice of Mrs. Elizabeth Anne Barr, a neighbor, who went to Farrell's house and saw the prisoner and Ann Horan on a bed in the back room ; Mary Anne Gleeson was in the room screaming ; Mrs. Barr went up to the bed and looked upon the girl, who asked her to relieve her ; this Mrs. Barr endeavored to do by pulling him off by his belt, but could not succeed, as he mado a " grab" at her with his right hand ; at this time Anne Horan's face was livid from exhaustion ; Mrs. Barr left, and saw two men and told them that prisoner was attempting to violate a little girl, and to go up and relieve her ; those men were not in attendance as witnesses ; the same screams attracted the attention of Mr. Doyle, whose house was about five chains away from Farrell's ; he ran over, and saw the prisoner with the prosecutrix, who was then faintly screaming ; he pulled the prisoner away, and they had a tussle, owing to which Mr. Doyle said that he could not state the condition of Sweeney's clothes, as he had enough to do for himself ; he could only say that he had his coat over his head ; about 5 p.m. the same day con- stable M'Grath arrested the prisoner, who was then sober. Mr. JONES addressed the jury for the defence, urging that the whole affair was a lark. It was not likely that he would attempt such a thing with neighbors so close at hand. The romp was commenced by the girl Gleeson throwing water upon Sweeney, and was continued by Ann Horan. He also adverted to the fact that no witness but Mrs. Barr had deposed as to the ex- posure of the person, although in the fight between Doyle and the prisoner Doyle must have seen it if suoh had been the case. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL replied at some length, pointing out the corroborative evidence of Mrs. Barr and Doyle as tending to establish the truth of the evidence of the prosecutrix. His HONOR summed up, and the jury re- turned a verdict of guilty on first count, and not guilty on second count. Richard Power was called to give the prisonor a character. He had known him for about three years, and never heard anything against him as a moral man. Anthony Molloy gave evidence to the same effect. The ATTORNEY-GENERAL prayed judgment. Upon being asked whether the prisonor had anything to say in defence, he stated that he was drunk, and that the girl threw the water upon him. His HONOR, in passing sentence, said that he had frequently to express his regret that the law did not, as it formerly stood, award a higher penalty than imprisonment, with hard labor for two years, for such offences as the prisoner had been convicted of. But in the last session of Parliament an Act had been passed which fixed the maximum of punishment at fifteen years' penal servitude. Ho wished this to be exten- sively known. Offences of this kind varied much in heinousnoss of character, still there could be no doubt that the prisoner had been guilty of a very serious offence. There was no doubt on his mind. The prisonor said that he was drunk, he (his Honor) did not believe it. The sergeant deposed that he was sobor when he apprehended him, and he apprehended him within a short time after the offence. The sentence of the Court was three years' penal servitude. 