THE REJECTION OF THE BILL teUPPLY. C To the Editor of the Bendioo Advertiser.} I Sir,—Will you allow me a small space in your journal to call the attention of the people of Sand-' hurst to the irregular ami unstatesmanlilce conduct of the hon Mr Fellows and his followers when warned of the consequences of rejecting the financial policy of the Government, as embodied in the Kill of. bupply, called the Tariff ? Certain members of that House said they were quite prepared to take all responsibility arising out of the rejection of the Tariff, and were prepared to form a ministry that could carry on the busim'ss of the country. They did reject the Tariff, and by that ant stopped the wheels of the state- carriage. The Government, find ing they were unable any longer to carry on the aff lirs of the country,took the only constitutional means left them and placed their resignations in the hands of the Governor. Mis Excellency in due course com municated with Yir Fellows, as the leader of the Opposition in the Upper House, and asked him (Mr Fellows) to form a ministry, Did ho do so? no. Did he make the attempt? no. But ho delegated that power to a gentlei.n.in holding a seat in the Assemble, who has neither followers nor influence sufficient to give him the ghost of a chance of suc ceeding in accomplishing the very difficult task delegated to him, and in playing this farce, which could only have been put upon the stage by a great political trickster, four days have already been lost and nothing done. Now, Sir, I ask once for all is this what the peoplo have a right to expect from the Opposition in that House? Are they to bo allowed to stop the machinery of tho state, to keep all its ser vants w.iithig month after month for their salaries, and throw everything throughout tho colony into a state of confusion, without being called upon to take upon themselves the responsibilitv which their ill advised acts have brought down upon them? The answer is plain enough. According to Parlia mentary usage, under responsible government, were a party opposed tu the policy of the Government of the day, and by their opposition to compel that Go vernment to relinquish tho reins of office, it is the duty of tho Opposition to take upon themselves tho responsibility of forming another Government, whoso policy should be framed upon tho principles advocated by them, and if they cannot obtain the support of the country, so as to be able to carry out this policy, they nre bound in honor to give way and allow their opponents to resume the reins of office,uo that the business of the country may bo carried on. Suoh, I contend, is the position hold by Messrs Fellows, ' Mitchell, Sladen, Strachan, and others. If they'aro in a position to take upon them selves the governing power, let them do so; if not, they are bound, however unpleasant it may be to them, to withdraw their opposition nud bow fto their opponents. I have to apologise for troubling you at Buch length, but tho case has now become an urgent one, and every man, let his station in life be what it may, is called upon to do h's duty. I am, Sir, &o.;, J. Gf DICKASON. Sandhurst, 17th March, 1806. 