ITEMS _OrNEWS. At the Police Court, yesterday, before Lieut.- Col. Bull, P.M., five drunkards were dealt with in the usual manner, and Elijah Archer, of un sound mind, was again remanded for medical treatment. We remind those who are desirous of assisting in the erection of a monument to the memory of Messrs Alderson and Fryer,, who perished in the London, that the advertised meeting to promote that object will be held in the Council Chambers this evening at half-past seven o'clock. : ' Last evening, tie Rev H. S. Cramer delivered a most eloquent and impressive discourse relative to the death, on board of tbe London, of Mr Fryer. The text chosen was the 10th verse of the 14th chapter of Job, " But man dieth, and wasteth away : yea, man giveth up the ghost, and where, is he ?" The oliurch was crowded to excess, and: the rev. gentleman was listened to ' with Considerable Interest and attention. In the course of his address he briefly alluded to the early career of the late Mr Fryer, in this co lony. In our issue of Saturday.rwe quoted from the Tarrango'wer Times an important decision of of the Bench of Magistrates at Maldon in re ference to the recovery of calls by companies re gistered under Frazer's Act. It will be remem bered that on the hearing of a case in which the Southern Bee Company sought to recover from a person named St. Ledger the sum of £10, calls due upon shares of which he was the holder. Mr Garrett appeared for the defendant and raised the objection, which was not'allowed, that calls \- could not be recovered under Frazer's Act unless the company was first wound up. Mr. Garrett supported his objection by reading clause 37, which is actually" the precise clause giving the power to recover calls' and contributions, and is defined in the margin as referring fcothe "payment of calls and contributions" : not upon the winding up of a company only, although tli6 clause providesTor that contingency;;- In fact;- it provides for two things, as will be palpable to the meanest comprehension. The clause reads thus : — "Payment of all calls due bvany shares- holder to the company; ahdS payment!- 'of3 !ahy contribution in the event of any company being, wound up may be en forced. before any. two .jus tices of the peace." The-paynient of calls at' any time before winding up, and the payment of any contribution in the wiudihg:up-are the- 'two things for which the clause was formed, audno Act of Parliament is necessary to interpret it. Apart from this, clause 5 makes. calls . due a_.debt and failing this the Southern Bee Company could have fallen back upon the Interpretation of Legisla tive Enactment Statute, .which provides as fol lows : ' All fines, penalties, forfeitures, or sums of money which under or by virtue of any act now or hereafter to be in force are or shall be authorised or directed to be imposed on any person, shall and may where no other form or mode of proceed ure is or shall be prescribed by such act for the recovery of the same be reco vered in a summary way before any justice of the peace." Mr Garrett and our contemporary might rest assured that the Bench took the pro per view of the matter and decided properly in giving a verdict for the plaintiff. The following order has been issued by Capt. Anderson V. V. Light Horse : — Members will forward to the Orderly-room, not later than, to morrow evening (Tuesday), the baggage they purpose taking, td;the"ehcampmehtlat Sunbury ; it must be neatly packed up, and the name . of. the owner and troop conspicuously and securely fastened upon it. - All members are reminded the undermentioned articles, boots, plain trousers for fatigue duties, socks, towel, comb and brush, razors, blacking and brushes, soap, blankets, horse-rug, head-stall, with rope, nose- bag, curry comb and brushes, buckets and lanterns will be provided by the troop. For the convenience of members Captain Anderson is corresponding with the Colonel-Commandent with a view'to having the horses conveyed by railway on Satur day next. When the arrangements are com pleted an order will be immediately published. The baggage will be under the charge of Sergt.- Major Dougherty. , v, i ; ? ! Y"esterday twpV£eriiqqus/i were -preached- iff the- in the Congregational Church, Castlemaine, in com memoration of its opening. The Rev J. O. M'Michael, of Collingwood,4officiated, and delivered, most appropriate "discourses.' 1 In the morning and ' evening the jcongr.egations, were, large,, and; the .coxxr: tribfttioiissfiherak'-vi?o-iiloi4,ow''eveiiing"a tea meet ing will be held in the schoolroom, and afte r wards public meeting! The f pleasure of the proceedings; will be increased by a performance of a, selections of music by members of the Philharmonic Society. -During "jthje' recent rramfail.the' main road at Adelaide' Flat,' ' 'Chewtou,' became flooded with water to V.the depth of -two feet. "In the event of another flood occurring it is more than probable that some ; of; tlie houses, in the lo cality will get washed away. This, would have oc curred on Friday night, but so maPy large pad docks being empty the torrent of waters in the creek were partially absorbed in, their onward course. As it was, in several houses the water was 3ft. deep. . We observe that' the German's pad dock on the side of the road referred to is quite full of water. The length of the paddock is about one hundred aud fifty yards ; width, 20 yards; and depth 18 feet. We have nob heard of damage .being : done . tq any of the puddling ma chines on the line of the creek, but means should be taken to remove some of the sludge with which the water channel has become almost stopped up. A fatal accident occurred after, dark on Saturday evening on the road between Cbewton .and Golden Point, by which a woman named Jewitt lost her life. It seems that deceased, who was cohabiting with one Brown, a wood-carter, was returning home seated on the cart. Brown was the worse for liquor and, it is sjiid, lost his way. At all events the wheel of the cart coming in contact with a 3tump or some other obstruction the vehicle was completely up3et falling heavily on the woman. In this condition she was fouud by the police quite dead. Brown was arrested in a 3tato of intoxication and lodged iu the lock-up. It is understood that an inquest will he held to- day as soon as the new coroner, Dr Mackay, shall have, had au opportunity of being sworn in. At the St. Kilda Police Court oil Friday, Francis B. Clarke, a merchant, was -lined £5 for travelling with a monthly ticket which he ,had picked up in one of the carriages, and which belonged to Mr Gar- lick, solicitor, Magistrates have the power, we may memt-ion, to iuflicfe a fine of £20 for this offence. Mr Johu Edwards, ML. A., has been' appointed Deputy Provincial Grand Master of .Victoria, uuder the Irish Constitution of Freemasons, in the place of Brother E. L. Crowell, who has resigned. The appointment is in the gift of the R. W. Brother J. T. Smith, Provincial Grand Master, who is himself appointed by his Grace the Duke of Leicester, the Grand Master of Ireland. We understand that Mr A J. Smith is publish ing a narrative of the loss of the London, together with au introduction by the Rev Dr Cairns. i ' The building for the new .laboratory-. Rfc tffe Botanic- gardens, the Argus says, has been fi nished, and fitted up with the. necessary appa ratus ; and a series of experiments has been commenced, under the direction ofDr Mueller, for the extraction of tar, acids, potash, charcoal, &c.;, from the various woods of the colony, with a view to preparing a tabular statement of their relative products, and also that specimens may be in readiness for the forthcoming exhibition. It is also intended to test various natural pro ducts, and also that specimens may be in readi.- n ess for the forthcoming exhibition. It is also intended to test various natural products of the colony as to their suitability for paper material, and to prepare various raw materials in a lit form for export. It may be mentioned that the es sential oils prepared from the leaves of the eucalypti, &c.;, in a similar series of experiments undertaken prior to the last exhibition, have now become articles of commerce. Some of the large Melbourne merchants have intimated to their clerks that they may take al holiday from the noon of Thursday next unti. the morning of Wednesday, the 4th proximo. This act of kindness on the part of employers will, says the Argus, no doubt be appreciated by the parties concerned. The Spectator says : — The answer of Mr M'Culloch to Mr Levey, regarding the imprison ment of Mr George, may serve to illustrate at once the magnanimity, the candour, and the justice, of our illustrious ex-Chief _ Secretary. On the night of Mr George's punishment, it was pleaded ou behalf of Mr M'Culloch that he was not master of his reason-— that be was car ried away by passion— that if lie did a foolish thing, it was done in hot blood. But it appears that reflection has brought no change of spirit to Mr M'Culloch. He slept three nights over the affair, and in cold blood he still remains unsated of his vengeance. Somebody shall be shut up in a damp place, because the Argus dared to say that Mr M'Culloch's statement was false. That audacious journal, the Chief Secretary complains, still continues its irreverent practice of assailing the Ministry. It shows no signs of penitence, and therefore Mr George must remain in his cell. Here, then, we perceive that Mr M'Culloch actually imagined that he was going to silence the Argus by shutting up its publisher! — The absurdity of the thing is aggravated by the fact that Mr George is being punished for an offence which Mr George cannot possibly have anything to do with, being safe under the big padlock. Why does not the House persevere iu its noble revenge until every printer's boy in the Opposi tion press is locked up in the Parliamentary vaults? In a paragraph respecting the formation of a : aew Ministry, the Age of Thursday indulges, says' the Spectator, ;in a purely wanton and foolish piece of mendacity. Mr Fellows, it is; stated, asked the Government to permit him to; pay the public creditors by collusive judgments,; as his predecessors had done; and Mr Fellows; is taunted with inconsistency in doing so, after be had declared a similar course ou the part of j Mr M'Culloch to be illegal and revolutionary. ; It is perhaps needless to say that no such ideai ever entered--: Mr Fellows's mind, and that; the whole story is a pure fabrication from be ginning to end. IJiefjSpectator: say's : — We have - been ^posi tively' informed that a despatch has been re ceived by His Excellency, censuring in strong 'language the conduct of the Governor, and gene rally of such a nature as to lead to no other con clusion but that either His Excellency must be dismissed, or will " be called upou to resign. There is even a report to the effect that a tele gram was received by the Governor, fowarded after the departure of- the mail, informing him plainly that he must prepare -to-go, but for the truth of this we may not vouch. The following letter is addressed to Mr John Langlancls, Trade Assignee in the Estate of the Provident Institute, per favor of the Editor of the Herald Sir, — A great many depositors want to know the reason why you have not called a meeting to inform them how matters are proceeding ; also, to know when the next dividend will be paid and the estate wound up. Your obedient servant, Gal- lao Porter. The monster case of Cornish and Bruce v the Queen, has at length been committed to the jury. We learn from the Age that, in consideration of the extraordinary time for which their attendance has been required, they shall receive payment at the rate of £7 each per day. A very handsome case of stuffed animals, illus trative of the zoology of Central 'and Soiith "Asia and .the, Indian Archipelago,, - ba9% recentlys, been acided'to the fine collection at the National Museum in-Melbourne. The new attraction is in the north room of the gallery, and it has already received a great .deal of attention from visitors. The Argus says The case, or rather the apartment, for the animals occupies a room partitioned off with glass, is thirty feet long and fifteen feet broad. A new plan has been pursued iu the mounting, by which, a very interesting effect is produced. The walls of the apartment are painted so as to show the characteristic habitats of the quadrupeds grouped within it, and.- the imitation of mountains and w<iteiy with the introduction of crane brakes, &c.;, as a background, enhances the ;effect materially. . The" animals, which are about twenty in number, and vary in size.from.the yak and elephant to the 'smallest Cashmere goat,- are represented in a variety -o.f attitudes, strikingly; ; characteristic of their existence in .a;-vrild state, and the taxidermist has been'very successful in imparting to them a life-like "appearance. . v.. ; Tr-> „ We learn from a lelboui-ue coatempo'rary that a Mratnatic entef taihiment' iwks ' 'given on Thursday evening, at the Yarra Bend, by a number , of rthe employes of that establishment, in the ree'reatiou- room of; the-alomrXfiSre;'." T a large atten-2 tendauce of patieutsind.visitibfs ; indeed. tffe vhall;v considered- at theHime of its erection of no mean" capacity, is now daily becoming inconveniently, small' for the various' purposes for which it is used ; and on this occasion it- was evident that -want of ' space only, prevented many more of the 1,300 or so persons no w. located at the asylum from being seated comfortably for a pleasant evening's amuse ment. The ' pieces represented were "Handy Andy," aud "The Man who Follows the Ladies;" ' the former of which, in particular, afforded much enjoyment to the patients, who insisted on calling Andy (Mr George Eaton) before the curtain at the" close of the drama. The sceuery was painted at. the asylum, aud was excellent in its way. -Music, vvaS afforded by the baud, which, under the direc tion of Mr Eaheeu (late -of the band of the '40th Regiment), played various selections during the evening ' Vi :v4I A horrible; case, ris 4hu3 reported by the Kilmore Free Press : — A man named William Stewart was brought up qnthe lOtk- inst., at the Kilmore Police Court, charged with having, on the 17th day of Marcli, assaulted one John Farmer, with intent to do grievous bodily harm. From the evidence of the plaintiff it appeared that himself and prisoner left Melbourne together as mates to go up the country, and when they. had got as far as Broacl- ford some dispiite arose to where they should pro ceed, witness Wanting to go to Bennigo, and the prisoner insisting on going back to the metropolis. After some altercation witness sat upon a log for the purpose of filling bis pipe, and while doing so the prisoner came and kicked witness, and a scuffle haviug ensued, both fell together, ami while down prisoner bit the top of his (witness's) nose off. Stewart, who denied having bitten plaiutifl", was committed to take his trial at the general ses sions. The Argus mentions that Mr Fellows had suc ceeded in the task of forming an Administration, but that His Excelleucy the Governor declined to assent to the conditions on which the hon. gentle man ami his colleagues were prepared to accept office. The M'Culloch Ministry having resigned without making any provision for the public service, Mr. Fellows asked the Governor iu the event of the present Assembly refusing to vole supplies, to grant a dissolution, as the only constitutional mode by which a Government could be carried on. This His Excellency declined to do ; and the result is, therefore, how doubtful. Lord Chesterfield's physiciaus having informed him that he was " dying by inches," he thanked heaven that he was not " so tall" by a fo«t as Sir Thomas Robinson. 