THE DROUGHT IN QUEENSLAND. The following miserable picture of the con dition of the portion of Queensland to which it relates is . supplied to the Dalby Herald by a correspondent,' writing from Surat :— ' What in the world the Balonne and the surrounding district is coming to is at present a mystery, much doubt being expressed that we shall any. of us be alive next year. The so much wished for rain is like the grapes were to the fox, rather sour. .For tholast week, we have been tantalised by observing largo volumes of rain clouds passing over us, and with something like an approach to a thunderstorm ; but, alas ! only to dis appear to visit. some more favored spot. -.On Sunday afternoon, it blew almost a hurricane, r arid the rain came down for about an hour. Since then, wo have had nothing but scorching hot weather, and high winds during the night. The thermometer; last week, averaged 104 in the shade ; bo I leave you' to guess what it was outside. . . . Horses are in a moat miserable condition ; in' fact, you would look at them, and imagine they were, the ghosts of Rozinante. Those who ride them - are almost liable under Martin's Act. A' very little more of this weather, and you need not- expect any com munications from this district, for, we shall not be able to send it down for want; of Eorses.. As for beef or mutton, we have long . since, ceased to think of a good piece of meat, -but now content ourselves with carrion, or a Very near approach to, it. Un luclrily; we are not in the position the French are to. fall .back on horse flesh for food. We have a few goats browsing upon air, and when the abigail sallies .' forth to milk theni, too often finds them barren. Perhaps they might, do for a few days' food for us. Even tho'river'is'beginning to tell its ^^e^tale^fwantof rain^the.: water is stinking, and now is so low near the township that you may walk across. To add to our list of grievances Talavera station is about to bo abandoned for want of water. Already some of the sheep have left — some say for Clifton, others for Melbourne , but I am not able to say which is correct, for I don't think the manager knows himself.' 