THE INSTITUTE. TO THE KDITOB. Sir—As you appear to take a warm-interest in natters relating to the Kapnnda Institute, perfmpsyou will be kind enough to insert ia your reslly Yaluable journal the few following tematb. My object in troubling you on the .. subject ia simply to point oat what I consider asdefectire in the present mode of worim^ onr Inltitnte. " " -• la the first place, I do not think there should be so modi of the religious element among the first officers'; perhaps i had better explain my meaning a little, for fear lest bone mismtderatood l get into hot water: What I mean is, I think that such as ministers-of-the gospel and tiiese who take a leading part in -church matters should stand alo-jf from such subjects as the management of 'Mechanics Institutes. Why Ihold these views I will tell you; for instance, all of oar churches hare their ministers and leading members; well,.of course^ most of these are anx<ou$ tobeccipe officers In the,Institute, consequently there is zoom for jealousy. Some won'i have anything to de with the Institute because some minister of nhftfr"1 denomination than their .own aome&ing; to do with its management. l ean assure yqn, Sir, this is not all fancy; for I have often enquired of parties why they did npt become members, and those who were not members of'any Church would reply %IOh! there are too1 many white-choKers for me;" whilst those who were members of some church would tell you that " Mr So-a d«so has every thing td 'do withitjno thank joa, I don't care about it just now." Now, what I wantto say is, thatthe Kapanda Tmtjtnto ««linnW be a self- supporting Institute, im itniiml Apmmaffiia.1 prinniplea. If this cannot be done, take my word for it» it will' eww to g$& For we can ezpect littie elst than good yishas^from the. various ..members, of .our churches, tbeir bands seeing to be pretty.full in supporting w>im»tani and .building 'dup^s. So if we cannot make' it psy, w-» may as well drop It at ,onte, and hope that rising generations will be more fgrtnntte than the present iflM tututt oitMs WjndplMe.' My gtan £01;'a4fls ing the Institute self-supporting is thisIn addition to the usual rooms for an Institute, bpild a billiard roam for two tableB, with con venience for a chess-club if required, and with refreshment rooms—if preferred, upon tem perance principles—and tiro or three rooms that would be required for the parties who rented them, and there would be no difficulty in letting such a place. I believe that the rents from such a building would considerably more than pay the interest on the amount spent on the building. Of course there are many who will raise their voices, and their eyes too, against such a plan, but I can assure such gentlemen that it would not be the first Institute condacted upon such principles. A Mechanics Institute was started in my own native town, with reading and lecture rooms, and with a good stock of books. Well, it lingered for a veiy few yean, and was about giving up the ghost, when fortunately a few. liberal spirits took the matter ifi hand, got added to it billiard and refreshment rooms, with other innocent amusements; it at once nceived new life, and rapidly paid off its debts, and became a flourishing Institute. My advice to them who wish to see the Ka panda Institute prosper is. go and do likewise. ■ Ia®,&*joE hobbs. Xnpanda, July 5» *86®' 