A B3rnDI's Rui. P sREROoATIVE.-Somo years ago, a ludicrous incident happened at Vienna. The Emperor was intorsupted in the midst of a cabinet council by a message from the Empress, who it was said, wanted him immediately. On going to her Mnajesty's apartments, she throw horself before him in an imploring attitude, and bogged him that she might be allowed the extraordinary privilege of putting on her own stockings. The high dames of the court, it seems, whoso duty it was to per form that function, insisted upon discharging it, though, as their imperial mistress repre sented, "they tickled her" when doing so in a way she could not endure. The young Princess whom fortune had raised to be the partner of the Kaisor's throne, had boon brought up in a simple and sensible manner, and really could not soo why the hands God had given them should be loss useful to imperial and royal personages than to any other people. The Emperor yielded, doubt leoss to the consternation of the ladies of the bedchamber, who saw in this innovation a precedent fraught with danger to the most hallowed institutions of the monarchy. THE WEAKER SEX.-Physically less mus cular, and, generally speaking, less power fully built than man, we are accustomed to speak of women as belonging to the weaker sex. It is very easy so to speak of them, though not quite so easy to see how, except in the physical view of the question, they generally deserve the distinction. Pass in review before you a batch of your married friends, and ask yourself candidly:-Are the wives in the majority of the cases to be looked upon as weaker than their husbands? If you want a weak thing done, an unprofit able but pleasant thing, to which would you go for assistance in the carrying out of your scheme; to the husband or the wife? Which of the two would be more capable of saying "no ? " a monosyllable often requir ing for its utterance, at the proper moment, the very greatest amount of moral force. That expression "weaker sex" seems to me, just now, to be more than ever inappropri ate when applied to young ladies dancing in our ball-rooms, promenading at our flower shows, endangering our lives when we would cross Rotten-row, or bidding us "stand and deliver," in the bazaar-room or tents in which they hold their fancy fair. Of what over else we may accuse those fair exemplary creatures, we must by no means charge them with undue timidity or irrational shyness and reserve.-Chesterfield, junior, in All the Year Round. A Csc:EscE Axclromrre.-At the upper most temple they saw a priest who had neither spoken nor had his hair cut for thirty years, having made a vow against both. Hlo eats also only once a day, namely, at noon. He was dirty in his person, and his hair hung. down beyond his heels in a tangled mass, that looked like a quantity of matted black tow. Whon lie walked, lie rolled it round his neck in two large coils. HIe appeared to be in the full possession of his faculties, and alive to all that was being said, which was proved by his every now and then writing replies to queries. Ho put no written questions himself, but carefully examined their clothing, spurs, riding-whips, ec. He was asked. if he would allow his portrait to be taken. He immediately went and got a mat, on which ihe sat down cross legged. Ho kept his eyes closed while the siotch was being made, but his oars wore sharply open, because on the question being asked if there were any mosquitos thero, he jumped up and wrote the character for mosquito (ono-za) on the table with his finger, implying that there were. Those singular vows he had takon when he was quite a youth. He was attentive to the wants of others, and did the honours of the temple admirably, bringing the visitors chairs and toa.-Ronnio's Peking and the Pekingeso. OcOurATION or Ex-GENERALS. -T1eo American War Dopartment has boon for some time preparing an army register, which will contain the names of all the soldiers in the Federal armies. When completed, it will be composed of five volumes of 600 pages each. The present occupation of some of the Fedoral generals will, perhaps, be of some intorost. Burnsido is railroad agent in the Ponnsyl vania oil region; Butler is a Massachusotts manufacturer; Sclurz is the Washington correspondent of the " Now York Tribune ;" Siegel is the editor of a German paper in Baltimore ; Franklin is superintending Colt's armoury at Hartford; W. S. Smith, of the cavalry, is selling groceries at Chicago; lt. F. Patrick, provostmaster- gonoral of Grant's army, is a Now York farmer; Forroro is teaching dancing; Percy WVyndham is a fencing-master. Among the Confedorates, Bucknor is a Neow Orleans editor; Gardiner, of Port Hudson memory, is a local reporter; the general who drove off Franklin and his 15,000 troops at the famous attack upon Sabine Pass is a bar-keeper at Houston, Texas; G. F. Anderson was first a butcher, but now an auctioneer; D. M. Thomas is clerk on a Mississippi river steamboat; Forrost runs a saw-mill in Tennessee; and WVhoolor is a commission merchant at Augusta, Georgia.-The Times Philadelphia correspondent. A CooK- Fr?rlTIwo OLEnioIAmc.--TTh last sporting adventure at which I met Jack Musters was at a main of coclts fought by my brothers and myself against the late Sir George Dashwood, at COrnford. Never shall I forgot the intense amusement of my friend when I pointed out to him a tall dingy figuro, in a black coat and waistcoat, kcersoymores, and brown top-boots, all look ing as if they had seen much wear and tear, or had never boon brushed nor blackened. The elderly gentleman was very busy taking his gamecocks out of their bags, which le had sent to fight on our side. Musters waB intently watching him, and when the first cock was taken out of his bag, he asked, " what the devil is that parcel tied to one of the legs of the bird ?" "The battle-money of the individual who wears it at his foot," I replied. "lIy reverend friend always stands his own battle-money in preference to standing any share of our main, and generally by so doing loses, for his birds are not so good as ours." "Your reverond friend !" lihe remarked, eyeing me with that well-known clear glance of bantering inquiry, so good-natured, so funny, and yet so keeoon and handsome in its expression; " what do you call him your reverend friend for?" "because lie is a highly-rospootable and beneficed clergyman." Musters burst into such a fit of laughter that he set twenty-one cocks crowing and flapping their wings in the excitement of the sudden noise lihe made. \- .The Hon. Grantley Berlkeloy's Life and Recollections. "cVIT A SPIDan sEATsrs r . DIEtr.--Ta order to test what a spider could do in the way of eating, we arose about daybruneakoneo morning to supply his fine web with a fly. At first, however, the spider did not come from his retreat, so we peeped among tihe leaves, and there diseovorod that an earwig had beeoon caught, and was now being feasted on. The spider left the earwig, rolled up tihe fly, and at once returned to his first course. This was at 5.30 at.m. in September. At seven a.m. the earwig had boon do molislhed; and the spider, after resting a little while, and probably enjoying a nap, came down to the fly, which ho had finished by nine a.m. A little after nine we supplied hilnm with a daddy-long-logs, which wa:s eaton by noon. At one o'clock a blow-fly was greedily seized, and with an appetite apparently no worse for his previous indul gonco Ihe commenced on the blow-fly. During the day and towards the evening, a great many small green flies, or what are popularly termed midges, had boon caught in the web, of those we counted one hundred and twenty, all dead and fast prisoners in the spider's not. Soon after darkr, provided with a lantern, we wont to examine whether the spider was suffering at all from indiges tion, or in any other way from his previous meals; instead, however, of being affected, heo was employed in rolling up together the various little green midges, which Ito thon took to his retreat, and ato; this process heo repeated, carrying up the lot in little do tachlmonts, until the whole wob was oaten, for the web ,and its contonts wore bundled up togothor. A slight rest of about an hour was followed by the most industrious weob making process, and before daybreak, another web was ready to be used in the same way. Taking the relative size of the spider and of the creatures it ate, and supplying this to a man, it would be some what as follows :-At daybreak, a small alligator was oateni; at seven a.m., a lamb; at nine n.m., a young camoloopard; at one o'clock, a sheep; and during the night, one hundred and twenty larks. This, we be lieve, would be a very fair allowanco for one man during tweonty-four hours; and could we find one gifted with such an appetite and such digestion, we can readily comprehend how ho might spin five miles of web without killing himself, provided hlie possessed the necessary mnachinery.-Ohambors' Journal. Acts-Aros'rLus Px?rour.-Wo noticed in our impression of March 3, a strange name, which appeared in a legal advertise ment in the Canterbury papers, respecting claims upon the estate of Acts-Apostlos Poegdon. The circumstances are well known to the writer of this article. Mr. Pogdon had four older brothers, named "lMatthow, Mark, Luke, and John," in succession. When the happy parents wore presented with their fifth son, they doomed it a matter of religion to adhere to the order of the calendar; and so when the infant Pegdon was presented at the font, and the minister demanded "name this child" the good par son was startled with the response "Acts Apostles!" (The good folks did not include the connecting particles "of tho"-which, perhaps, to their untutored minds appeared a superfluity.) All romonstrance was in vain. The parents and sponsors wore stanch Kentish,. and "know no submission," and looked upon the proposal to substitute the name of "John" with a sort of sacroligious horror. And so Mr. "Acts-Apostles Peg den," who seems to have bettered his condi tion, has handed down a nameo memorable to postority.-Chatham News. Tr ANTicRitO orLooI Ar, SoocIEr.-Yostor day evening, the usual fortnightly meeting of this society was hold in their rooms in St. Martin's Place, thoe president, Dr. J. Hunt, in the chair. The Rov. Dunbar Heath read the first paper, " On the anthropoid origin of the Europoan races versus the theory of migration from the East." Mr. Hoath con tended that the diversities of languago among the present European nations are perfectly inexplicable except on the hypo thesis that the aboriginal inhabitants wore either apes or mutes ! According to his hy potheosis, the occupants of the parts of Europe where tihe "kitchen middens " are found wore mutes at the time of their con quest by small bands of speaking motn, com monly called Aryans, coming from tilhe East, and from whom the inhabitants acquired very imperfectly the languago spoken by their conquerors. The names of the com monest objects-as, fithor, mother, wasp, fish, and the numerals one, two, three, &e.; -would be taught by the Aryaus to their mute slaves, without caring for the manner in which they pronounced them; and the confusion and difference of sound thus occa sionod would, in Mr. Hoath's opinion, give rise to such a diversity of speech as might explain Grimm's law of language, and no other satisfactory attempt to explain the law had yet boon made. He adverted to the opinions expressed on the subject by Mr. Max Muller, who maintains that speech is the distinctive faculty of man, and hoe entered into a philological investigation for the pur pose of opposing that view and of supporting his own theory. Mr. Mlax Mullor observed that the explanation given by Mr. Heoath of the diversity of language in Europe did not appear sufficient. There was no necessity to assume the existence of races of mutes to account for one sound being mistaken for another. Heo looked on the language of a people as a collection of a variety of dialects, probably in a short time. In a much later ago that accidental change called writing was introduced, by which the fluctuating distinct languages became more fixed. Watchman. Ax IxPCIENc OF TriE PruNIo.-Ono incident of the panic deserves record, to the honour of all concerned. It is said that when one of tlhoso great employers of labour, the sus pension of whoso largo operations is one of the most universally regretted events of the crisis, was first known to be in jeopardy, a brother contractor --whose name may be readily surmised, for it has become through out Europe a household word for probity and straightforward conduct, as well as for enterprise and energy-called on him, ac companied by throoe other members of the same calling. The first had in his pocket £200,000, the other three £100,000 each. The half-million was freely placed at the disposal of the tottering firm, on the condi tion that its use would be sufficient to ensure its stability, and with a frankness and courage as honorable as was the generosity of the offer, was at once declined. If this account be true, and it is stated on no'slight authority, it is hard to say to which party it does most credit, to those who, on so noble a scale, did as they would be done by, or to those who could decline assistance to such a gigantic amount, lost it should not'bo fully adequato to supply thie wants of credit ar rarigoements suddenly and violently over tlthrown.-Buildor. Tus LATr Di. WIIEWELL.--A good story is told of thl .univertality 6f.tlio late Dr. Whwoll's lknowlodgo, which' runs on all-: fours with a similar one told of Lord Broughlam. We give thie story as we hlave hoard it told. Ono of Whowoll's friends, annoyed at finding that on every subject that was started le mot withl a knowledge superior to his own-Iho must hlavo boon as great a bore as Mr. Gladstone is said to be when he mounts his Homeric Pegasus resolved to road up on some subject which was most likely to lie outside of thie doctor's usualstudios. Turningover an oncycloprodia for that purpose, Mr. Brown (wo will sup pose) stumbled upon thie article on chess, in which roforonco was made to the way in which it is playod in China. This seemed to furnish him with thile very topic ho wannted; so Brown got it up, and took the very first opportunity of starting the subject. The doctor accepted the challango, aind disputed some of the alleged facts. " But," said Brown, "I assure you it is so stated in the oncyclolnmdia." "Oh, yes; I know that very well," rqjoined the doctbr, "and that was my opinion at the time I wrote the article you roefeor to; but I have some reason to think I was wrong." TiEn FASTErr ST'nAMEI IN TII r WVORLD. Tho Egyptian paddlo-whool steam yacht Malnhrolses, Captain Prodrigo Boy, built under the superintondenco of the Peninsular and Oriental Company, by Mlossrs. Samuda 13rothors, of London, for the Viceroy of Egypt, arrived hero on the 12th instant, having performed the voyage from South amlnpton in the unprecedentod short tinme of one hundred and fifty-sovon hours. Whon under full steam she consumes seven tons of coal an hour, and is, without excoption, the fastest vessel afloat. At the measured mile in Stokes Bay, her average speed was up wards of 18 4-10 knots an hour, which is equal, to about twenty and a half statute miles. After replenishing fuel sheo pro ceooded on the 16th for Constantinople, to moot the Viceroy, who, it is reported, in teonds paying a visit to England in her this summer. This splendid vessel is of one thousand oight hundred tons, and is fitted with machinery of 800-horso power. Her interior fittings are of oxtraordinary mag nificence. Her cost is said to have boon £166,000.-Malta Times. Mloor fDnvrLs.-I must add two or three short anecdotes about ghosts, got up in thoe devil-manner. They are not now,.but illus trato very handsomoly the state of mind in which a ghost should be mot. One is, that some one undertook to scaro COvior, the great naturalist, with a ghost having an ox's head. Cuvior woke, and found the fearful thing glaring and grinning at his bodside. " What do you want?" " To devour you!" growled the ghost. " Devour me ?" quoth the groat ]Frenchman-" Hoofs, horns, graminivorous! You can't do it-clear out!" And lie did clear out. A pious maiden lady, in one of our Now England villages, was known to possess threeoo pecu liarities. First, she was a very religious, honest, matter of fact woman. Second, she supposed everybody else was equally honest ; henco she was very credulous, always boliov ing everything she heard. And third, hav ing "a conscience void of offence," she saw no reason to be afraid of anything; conso quontly she feared nothing. On a darlr night, some boys, knowing that she would be returning home alone from prayor-moot ing through an unfrequonted stroot, doter mined to test two of her peculiarities-viz., her credulity and her courage. One of the boys was sewed up in a hugo shaggy beor s-kin and as the old lady's foot were heard pattering down the street, le throw himself directly in her path and commenced making a terrible noise. "'Meoroy ! " exclaimed the old lady; "who are you?" "I am the devil!" was the reply. " Well, you are a poor creatureo!" responded the antiquated virgin, as she stopped aside and passed by the strange animal, probably not for a moment doubting it was. his Satanic Al ajesty, but certainly not dreaming of being afraid of him. It is said that a Yankee tin pedlar, who had frequently cheated most of the people in the vicinity of a Now England village through which lie was passing, was induced by some of the acuto ones to join them in a drinking bout. He finally became stone drunk ; and in that condition those wags carried him to a dark rocky cave near the village, then, dressing themselves in raw-head-and-bloody-bones style, awaited his return to consciousness. As lie began rousing himself, they lighted some hugo torches, and also set fire to some bundles of straw and throoe or four rolls of brimstone, which they had placed in different parts of the cavern. The pedlar rubbed his eyes, and seeing and smelling all these evidences of Pandemonium, concluded he had died and was now partaking of his final doom. But he took it very philosophically, for lie complacently remarked to himself-" In holl just as I expected!" A story is told of a cool old sea captain, with a virago of a wife, who mot one of those artificial devils in a lonely place. As the ghost obstructed his path, the old follow romarkod-" If you are not the devil, get out! If you are, come along with me and got supper. I married your sistor." Barnum on Humbug. IMPORTANGCE OF CORRECTLY PLACING A CoarMA.-In the year 1810 the Liverpool 'Town commissioners advertised for tenders to supply oil and wicks for the street-lamps; gas not having been introduced there at the period mentioned. Part of the advertisement ran thus :-" Tile lamps at present are about 4050, and have in general two spouts eacb, composed of not less than twenty threads of cotton." The contractor proceeded to furnish each Inmp with the specified twenty threads, when the comnmissioners informed him that he was only supplying half the quantity men tioned. Ho appealed to tile advertisement; and as it was clear that the transposition of the comma, which ought to have been placed at the word spouts, had led to the misunder standing, it was mutually agreed to cancel the contract. A curious' notion for libel has been tried at tlheKitngston assizes. Dr. Strans, author of a novel in three volumes, called. the Old Ledger, sued tho proprietors of the Athenmum for damages for a criticism of the book, which" he alleged was libellous. A brief notice in the Athontaom denounced the work as the worst novel over perpetrated. It was styled inane, vulgar, indelicate, and profane. It was twitted as being full of bad French, German, Latin, English, and grammar. It was characterisod tas dull and olftnsive, and tihe publio were warned against attempting to road it. The plaintillff, German, laid the damages at £1000, but after the counsel for tihe defendant (Mr. lHawkins) had read several extracts from the book, Mr. Setjoatt Ballan tino (who appeared for the plaintitf) admitted that there was some juslification for the adverse criticism of the Athetonum, and a juror being withdrawn, the trial cantme to an abrupt conclusion. ''URtKOtMAN COtttQUEts.-'?'o-dat y our carn van was visited by crowds of the nomads dwelling on the spot. Some business was transacted, and bargains struck between the merchlants and catttledealers of our caravan, and upon credit, too. Theay applied to me to draw up in writing their cheques. I was surprised to find that the debtor, instead of handing over his 'signature to tranquiliso his creditor, put it into his own pocket ; and this was the 'l'urkoman way of arranging the whole business. When I questioned tihe cre ditor as to this remarkable manner of pro ceedure, his answer was, " what have I to do with the writing? The debtor must keep it by him as a reminder of his debt."-Travels in Ceotrid Asia. By A. Vambory. Tho late famous Rev. Dr. Macdonald, of Forrintosh was crossing at Kossock on one of his frequent journoys. The day was very stormy, and theor was difficulty' in getting tho boat across. An old woman, one of the passengers, quoted the saying that whoro tlhro were black coats thero was always bad weatheor, and asked the Doctor if ho could give any reason for it. HIo answered, with his usual quickness, that ministers woro at war with Satan, and that he supposed he, as the prince of the power of the air, was at the bottom of the matter. Coming back some time after, the day was fine. The old wonman was theoro again, and this time quietly remarked, rather to the discomfiture of the Doctor, "I see you have made your peace with the prince of the power of the air." The following anecdote shows Dr. Mlacdonald's love of music:-Once, in the course of a tour in Skyo, he fell in with an old piper, whom lie made play his favourite tunes. Whou done, the piper said, "I have a question to ask of you, Dr. lMacdon ald."-" 'Woll, what is it ? "-" Some minis tors say that we pipers are no better than the devil's servants; now, you have kept me playing hero for it long time, and I am sure if you thought there was harm in it you wouldn't have done it. What, then, should I answer to anyone after this who says I am. the devil's servant, and going to hell?" -"Tell them," said the Doctor, "that the Biblo says that there will be music in heaven; but that it says nothing of; musio in ]loll." The Wesloyan Methodists built a hall in Bishopsgato-stroot, a freeoohold, which cost them £85,000. They have boon recently offered £157,000 for the property. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Koan have arrived in England in good health, after their professional tour through Australia. They made their first public appearance at Liver pool. Mrs. Stophons wrote to the governor of Kinlmainham gaol, requesting that her husband's portmantoau might be given up to her. The reply was that it would be returned with pleasure to Mr. Stophons on his making a personal application. Mrs. Stophons smiled significantly and winked knowingly. The Prince of Wales dovelopes decided tastes for racing and for firo-onginos. Ilo goes with the Dulco of Suthorland, in firo man's uiform, to most -of the considerable fires. Ho gave great offence at the Royal Academy dinner, by intimating his wish flthat the distinguisheod speakers would "cout it shlort," as he wanted to got to his cigar. iHe wont away before the Earl of Derby spoke. A few Fonian arrests continue to be made. On the night of the 28th April, a policeman named O. O'Neill was murdered in Dublin by a man named Richard Kcarney, against whom a coroner's jury has found a verdict of wilful murder. The man was armed with a revolver of the pattern used by the Dublin Fonians. There are in tile City of London ,140 streets, and in only 70 of thlem is there room for more than two lines of vehicles to pass at a tieno for the entiro length, so that a vohicle may stand still in any part of the street, and not interforo with the progress of one line of traffic. In 111 of the streets, one line of vehicles only can pass; 101 have no exit, and aroe not thoroughfares at all. It seems that game cocks will attack children. A child of throoe years of ago was killed at Old Ford by an aggressive game cock, which attacked him as lhe stood at. the door, and sent him in with a pocked and blooeeding faco, from the iniuries to which leo died in about six days. Professional pugi lists among fle lower animals seem to be evon more dangerous and quarrelsome than among men. Prizofightors, bull dogs, and game cocks are the lowest characters in the animal world. An individual who opened a small tavern near the field of Waterloo, says an American, was froquently questioned as to wheother ho did or did not possess some relics of the bat tle, and he invariably and honestly answered in the negative. But he was very poor, and one day, while lamenting to a neighbor not only his poverty but the annoyance to which travellers subjected him, his friend cut him short with, " well, make one help the other -mako some relics." "But what can I do?" inquired the poor man. "Toll them that Napoleon or WVollington entered your shop during the battle, and sat down on that chair." Not long after an English tourist entered the. tavern, and, inquiring for relics, was told the chair story. The chair was bought at an incredible price. The next comer was informed that Welling ton had taken a drink;: and the Wellington tumbldir wel. accordingly sold. The third arrival gazed with 'breathless wonder at 'the nail on which Bonaparte had hung his hat ; thle fourth purchased the door-posts betweeon which le had ontored; the fifth became the happy purchaser of the floor on which he had trodden. At the last advices the fortu nato tavorn-keoper had not a roof to cover his head, and was sitting on a bag of gold at the corner of a deep pit formed by selling the earth on which the house had stood. M?Issns. CoUIrrs, the London bankers, have generously presented each of their oedployes with £100, on account of the high price of provisions. AN EccwNTRuc Lonn.-Among good dinner givers I must not omit to mention the eccentric Lord Dudley and Ward, who was so absent tlhat he uncconsciously uttered aloud his Ic'iv:te thoIghtlt. in ca rcnner, too, thcle wais alec enmbarlrassing to the object of them, who was of course reosent nll withlin hea lorilg. 'llThe hlost woeld 'eter the room, vwhere his guests weree assembleld, andl withoct addres sieg oitlhe?, -preoced to count tlheer over:in a stage whisper, mtteringb-" Onie, two, tlhreoe -Ahl there's thle colonel with hlis mulberry nce !--Four?, five:-'lat's Joces! donilc't sei;l muchl pet out aboutt his wif, "l Six, seven, eighlt-Oid Billy, the silly!--Nice, ten-I wondeler ifl thlat fielow h naspid Trueeit for hisl wig !" HIaving in this originrl manner ascer tained tht at il hlad arrivedl who hadl been invi ted, the too-coammunicativoe Ilost woell Ibreoki tholpeninfel silence by inoglins out some one for a v'ica roce welcome, invariably nccompaniedl by an asid thae t as mich con lise?l the friendl ho thls distingished hs it canused the rest. " IIow do, Iogers.? . GladL to seo yoa- very glad.' Devilish yellow aboet the gills! ' By Jove, his fisco looks as if it hlad bhooee niodelled in beesivtx'!"-Grintley Berkeley's Life and Rlecllecdiioin's. LIeocr LITmE'uILE' .-Theb books of a -gis company. The man who was hemmed in by a crowd has boon troubled by a stitch over slico. " 