§m ^UxvMdhw -i4 &K; IEISH TALE OP THE LAST ??.'-?????.?.? ? CENTURY. . *?''. Chapter XL , ?Jr' THE STORM CLEARS OFF. '^?When Frank O'Brien returned to Cork alter ' Miis last interview with Langton he strove to drive away the remembrance of his disappomt ' Inent by an unremitting application to business, £ %ut notwithstanding his utmost endeavours his -lfchou'lits used to wander back to the scene where ?*fche- brightest hopes of his life were dispelled. 'He was in one of these moody despondent reveries 'When his mother's letter informing him of the -marvellous revelations at Castle Desmond, came ,: .ntQ his hand. His grief, his astonishment, 11 i ? ji_j 4'km/i AiiviAiict Tsvr»r. iti P.nTITIfiO were unoounaea. ? ^'o umxun^ a.w* — — — rko'n with his feelings was that from the moment ?lie read the letter the idea of Langton s guilt ?-.iastened itself into his mind, and could not be Removed or disturbed. He looked too, upon .' ithe news as the culminating point of his mis fortunes. It had separated him totally from ''Jftina and in his desperation he fancied that rielentless fate could possibly have no worse 'stroke in store for him. .ij.ii. ' Giving his partners intimation simply that , tn^ent business summoned him to the West, he riei-t Cork about noon, and travelling all night ? eame into his native village at an early hour in 'dike morning. He turned towards the priests ? eottace where he knew his mother was staying, 'and perceiving that they were already astir ^Within, he knocked at the door. It was opened '''by his mother, who at beholding him all but ^Sopped to the ground, so pale and ghastly was .^he face she looked upon. The meeting was ?'ndeed, a trying one for both parties. The . -Mother wept long and bitterly on her sons ' 'jftosom, and he attempting to comfort and sup port her, could but with difficulty restrain his 'Vdwn tears. Of Langton they spoke but little, ' :rand the' little they did say was charitable and' ^forgiving. Of Nina they spoke a great deal. '* '.Thfs was -a subject on which Frank could either ??-talk or listen for any length of time, but there -?'?l^as very little that could afford any satisfaction I'jfco be' said. So far as the prosecution of the v-i case against the accused was concerned they ?.determined to take no vindictive part in it but \- jiet justice take its due course with as little in ????- . ?eerterence as possiuie. : When this conversation was at an end Frank ''diiscussed mentally the propriety of seeking an ; .' jinterview with Nina if it were only to inform J!lier of the determination he and his mother had -,edme to of abstaining from active interference in -? 'tithe coming trial, and the result of his cogitations ; -was that it was better not do so but permit *?' Wather O'Connell impart that intelligence to her. Mn the desire of keeping himself from public ^observation he stopped inside all day but yet it ^leaked out that he had arrived and many a one -%;who had no business whatever in that quarter /.-passed by the way and peered in through the \ tifiminwa +.r» ostMrih a alimnae of him as thousfh he ? -were some strange animal. Formerly no such intrusive honour had been paid him but morbid ' -jsuriosity is strongly developed in the human ' -(breast and now that his name had been connec \ fjfced with a great tragedy and with wonderful re velations Frank became an object of interest sue] ...as he had no acknowledged title to before. . Among those who heard of his arrival were /Laurence and the priest and both hastened to ,-aee him prompted by motives more commendable \ : than those of curiosity. The priest entered first and so engrossed was Frank with hip salutation 7 ihat he never noticed the other coming into the ? . a:oom and standing by his side. A.t last Father iQ'Connell drew his attention to him by saying ci that an old friend had unexpectedly come to j. .offer his sym]-j.thies and services. The young ' :iman turned round at once but did not upon the moment recognize M'Carthy. Father O'Connell vwas prepared to see Frank agreeably surprised, '3but he was by no means prepared to see Laurence ? shew symptoms of astonishment and yet of the $wo he exhibited by far the greatest tokens of -wonder. ' You don't seem to recognize your cousin, 5?rank,' said the priest gaily, ' here is the scape , jgrace actually back to life again that we all \ thought was gone to kingdom come.' ' 'Oh Laurence, Laurence, welcome here, my .-dear old play fellow and companion I am sorry I /can't give you a heartier and a happier welcome, 'shut I suppose you are aware of the terrible things ; that have come to pass since you left us. Oh T.aiirp.nnfi .' 'Dear Frank — Heaven only knows how I feel _.'by Jove it's surprising — these things are in the ', hand of God, Frank,— Oh Lord the eyes, the same hair — we must all be resigned to what ever trials come from on high— good heavens if ' it should be the case — I'll swear I'mtalking ?nonsense. Father O'Connell laughed outright. ' Why what in the name of common sense is the matter with you Laurence. You look as if you had aeen a ghost over night. I imagined it was Frank would be astonished at the return of the fprodigal and here you are converted into a ?4:n.llrinrY afr.n+.n o i\f VL'nnA w ^VTia+, cm Aarf.Vl ia Hhn ..-matter. Speak out and enlighten ua.' Laurence answered, ' I'll aay nothing to any f one just now, but I am wonderfully mistaken if VI don't turn out the mightiest miracle-maker ' - that ever Ballybofey saw. I acknowledge that % have been just the least bit imaginable ?'. ^astonished, but that couldn't be helped.' V 'I suppose,' said Frank, with an attempt at tslieerfulness, 'that you have wonderful tales -.: oi hair breadth escapes by flood and field to ? regale us with, and accordingly we will make a ?-? .bold effort to forget all our troubles that we -j/jnay properly enjoy them in the evening.' : 'Well, indeed,' answered the other, 'I *3aave seen some tough work in my time, and if . _you have any desire I'll gratify you during the ..^first spare hour we can find, but just now I have a little business on hands that I am anxious to get rid of.; so good by for the present.' . Laurence then withdrew from the room and taking his hat directed his steps towards Castle Desmond. Any one noticing him could not fail to perceive that he was deeply engrossed in serious thought as he walked along. An air of half uncertainty, curiously mingled with exulta tion seemed carved upon his features. He found Nina and Agnes in the same room he -had left them in the morning, and he seated himself by them. . ;, ' Did you see Mr. O'Brien ?' demanded Agnes well knowing that her eo-npanion was burning with anxiety to learn all about him, and was only restrained from beginning the enquiry herself by a feeling of delicacy, 'how was he looking.' 'Well to tell the truth he was not looking as strong as I could wish to see him, but then he had been travelling all night, and of course that would account for a great deal. He is not in very good spirits either — poor fellow he is sadly cut up,' as he was speaking he observed that Nina was silently weeping doing her best to conceal it, however. Laurence's heart smote him, and he continued in a more cheerful strain, 'still he was much better than one might expect, and as soon as he has recovered from his fatigue 1 dare say he'll look any number of times better. You should not give way to too much grief Miss Langton,' said he soothingly ' there may be happy days in store for you yet. Now I should not wonder if twelve months hence you looked upon all this trouble simply as a very rough and harsh beginning to happy times. ' Oh — thank you indeed Mr. M'Carthy for your good and kind wishes, but my happy days are gone, and gone for ever.' ' I do not think so, Miss Langton,. I- assure, you I do not, and I am not speaking merely to cheer you up.' ? . -: ? ' How can I survive hearing my father's name in the mouths of the lowest and most degraded and listen to him being branded as a murderer — and the murderer of — Oh Heaven , shield me and keep my poor brain from turning wild — what shall I do ? where shall I turn to in_ my despair and misery ?— was any one ever so miser able so wretched as I am. Oh papa— lost to me, lost to me!' ' Indeed you do wrong dear Miss Langton, in giving way to your feelings thus. Now what can be more likely than that Eawlins himself committed the deed — certainly he has the ap pearance of one that would do it and your father has not. Then, again, you should look to the probabilities of an acquittal, and every one says they are many. In fact there are great grounds for hope — you should always hope and never be cast down. Depend upon it all will turn out well, I feel confident of it, and I tell you so em phatically, and I should feel sorry to arouse hopes that I did not honestly and conscientiously think would be realized, T would not attempt to do so believe me.' ' I am sure, Sir, you know more about these things than I do — but oh if I could hope — if I could only dream that he and I were away from this dreadful place never to see it again, though I could not be happy I would be contented with him if he were only safe and free.' . ' Listen to your good friend Laurence, dearest Nina,' whispered Agnes, 'be said by him and be hopeful, he knows all surely.' ' One of my reasons for coming just now was to say that I have most important and urgent business which necessitates my setting out for France the instant 1 can, and I trust you will excuse my absense. I should like indeed to put my small services at your command, but you'll know that at all events it is no lack of inclina tion which prevents my staying, and yet perhaps I may be of — ' ' Going to France — back again Laurence, i what do you mean ; is it to desert us just when ? we most want you,' exclaimed Agnes ruefully, i half inclined to cry. 'You said nothing about - this in the morning — how suddenly you made up your mind. I'm sure you ought to think 'of others.' 'That's the identical reason I want to go' said he smilingly, ' the very reason I assure you. There are some arrangements which I must make.' ? ' Can't they wait a while, ' replied she panting, her heart telling her for what the preparations were in all likelihood,' you seem in such a hurry. I am sure we oughtn't let you go. What will Father O'Connell say to it when he hears about it. He will change your mind.' , 'I feel certain, Agnes, that if you knew what my business was you would tell me be off at once and make no delay. You w»uld pack me. off.' ' Oh indeed, how sure you are. I don't feel certain at all myself, I may as well inform you. But if you must go — why— why let it be so.' At another time Nina might feel amused at this little passage at arms between the lovers but the grief on her heart was too heavy to allow ought of joy or even cheerfulness entrance. Thinking that the pair might have some subject for confi dential talk, the discussion of which her presence might prevent, she rose and left the room. Laurence moved his chair nearer to his com panion and he began — 'Well Agnea vrill you make me a happy man when I return. We have been parted long enough, heaven knows, and now Unat God puts happiness within our reach I think we would be doing wrong if we rejected it. ' ' I wonder how you can talk of happiness, Laurence, while such a dreadful calamity ie hanging over one so rery dear to nae.' 'And I, also, am not I dear Agnes.' 'Oh,' ahe exclaimed pettishly, 'that'3 a dif ferent thing you know. I feel certain that I can never be happy while Nina ia so miserable.' ' But ahe won't always ba ao. Every trouble, no matter how great, comes to an end, it fades away, s« trill hers,' ' She told me she would go into a convent, she will find peace there surely. ' ;: 'I don't quite think she will,' replied hu enigmatically. i; ' What are you talking about— she wont find peac3 there. I can tell you it ia the happiest and most peaceable life a woman can lead, that it is.' 'But Agnes, like a little cunning thing that you are, you never answered my question.' ? ' What was it ? Oh I recollect — 1 don't know how to answer it — I won't answer it at all — I don't think I ought.' 'I differ with you very much, I think you ought.' 'Then I can't think of quitting Nina, it would be selfish, it would be cruel.' 'You needn't be either, I won't ask you to leave Nina until she is satisfied to let you go.' 'That's a dear good Laurence, always good and thoughtful,' said she brightening up, 'but then you know she won't be satisfied if she thinks I am waiting.' Laurence rose up and turning so as to conceal his face from his companion he said, ' Well I'm off and I'll settle that before 1 leave. Just you tell Miss Langton that 1 intend choosing a hus band for her and shall fix the wedding day, when I come back.' ' Oh Laurence for shame. You can't be jest ing, I know, tell me then'— but he had quitted the room without further parlance leaving her transfixed with astonishment When Laurence once determined on a thing he rarely left much time elapse before its achievement. On his return to the cottage he learned that a lugger was about to sail for Bor deaux within two days time and he resolved to take his passage in her and this necessitated his immediate departure. In the evening Father O'Connell came in full of news. Mr. Blake had told him when the Liverpool assizes at which Langton should be tried would com mence and informed him that probably the ac cused would be sent over to .England in a lew days. Laurence was a very attentive listener to 'all this and in the evening before jumping into the saddle he wrote a few lines in pencil which he told the servant get forwarded to Miss Mah ony as soon as she could. He clasped the priest's hand repeatedly, bade Frank be of good cheer and hope for brighter days, a command that was answered only by a mournful shake of the head, and he rode off. The next day the note reached Agne3. bhe opened and read. My own dear Agnes. I have resolved, having such affection for Frank, that he and I shall be married on the same day; I shall return to fix the date. If 1 don't, pray for my .soul, L. M'O. Her colour came and went repeatedly. Was Laurence trifling with her — if not, why did he so suddenly return to France — what did this note mean — it contained an evident impossibility — yet perhaps— perhaps he knew some secret, a secret that would bring happiness to Nina and to Frank ? This must be it surely. Would she show the note to Nina ? — what if it were only to raise false hopes, hopes that would be cruelly dashed to the ground. To Father O'Connell she resolved to show this puzzling epistle in the first place, then if he approved to Nina. In order to see the clergy man with as little delay as could be managed, and partly perhaps in the hopes of seeing Laurence before he had gone, for although the delivery of the note was the last thing he did in the village she was not aware of this, she drove to Ballybofey. There she learned that Laurence had really left, and that Father O'Connell had gone to Bantry, whither he had been summoned by a message from Langton. 'About an hour after Laurence had gone, the priest while sitting alone was interrupted by the receipt of a hastily-scrawled note from the unhappy prisoner earnestly requesting that he would come to see him immediately as he had something of the greatest importance to tell him. Ever ready like all his class to minister to the spiritual wants of rich or poor, the priest did not take long to get in readiness, and he used such haste that within an hour from the time the message had been read by him, he drew rein by the gate of Bantry Bridewell. One of the visiting justices happened to be within the building at the time, and he wrote the necessary order for admittance without demur, and soon the priest was standing in the accused man's cell. A single brief glance was sufficient to shew him that a great change had come over I Langton. The haughty look was gone, the J harsh stern lines had vanished from his face, and an expression of calmness and resignation, was so apparent as to be remarked at once. He received the priest very quietly, with little or no demonstration of welcome, and yet with ' 1 hope you are better in body and mind to day,' said Father O'Connell, 'than you were when last I saw you. I trust you are more hopeful and do not abaadon yourself ao much to despondency.' ' I am very much better indeed, both in mind and body, but I think that is because I have thrown away all hope. You can't imagine what a nuisance it was,' he. continued, looking with a half comic smile into his visitors face, ' you can't think what a nuisance it was to be hoping, wasting time, wearying body and soul thinking, and plotting, and devising until my brain seethed in my head, and what for — to escape that which should inevitably come of itself in a few years. Well — I have abandoned the strife. I have retreated from that harassing battle, and I feel the happier for it — oh ! so much the happier. I slept last night, what I have not done many a night before.' 'You don't mean to aay that you give your self up for lost, that you intend to abandon all defence,' said he with wonder. ' Well yes- I have seen death too often to be afraid of him now — death and I are old com panions, life long friends we'll meet as such. Oh I have Buffered so much, my life has been one of such, wretchedness that the relief from it will be most welcome.' . ' Am I to understand then that Rawlin's story is true ? -must I set you down as guilty ik what he charges ?' ] ' His story is partly true and partly false, bill what is false in it ia hardly worth the trouble of contradicting. I make so much of a sacrifice to this charitable world of oura — whether I con tradicted it or not, it would be the same in the end.' ' Where then are you to find consolation in all these afflictions, what is to support you, how can you bear them ?' 'I will tell you — you at least will not fancy that I have been broken down by my calamities, you will not think that superstitious terror of death of the grave has changed me, I seek my only my abiding consolation in religion.' ' I cannot tell you the comfort you give me by such an assurance. Do not think that I will set it down as cowardice — no — yours is true bravery— yours the heroism that the sneers and taunts of an unbelieving world cannot subdue. God will bless you, he will fortify you and give you every strength to bear against the worst ; and then if you come victorious — ' ' There you go again, upsetting all my peace of mind — I shall plead guilty, that's the deter-, mination that has given me what peace of mind I have. How to come off victorious was the very thing that was troubling me. I confess myself beaten. I fought against my conscience. I kept that secret for every day of five and twenty years, but I never was happy. Sorrow, shame, and remorse were alvvays mine, and now I'll keep them no longer. Father, ' he continued, looking enquiringly into the priest's face, and a peculiar bitterness crept into his voice making it harsh and unpleasant to the ear — 'tell me, father, whon a mm commits a murder and gains a rich booty by ifc, people say, and you'll find it in novels too, that God's curse pursues him, that his blood purchased treasure fades away and leaves him poorer than before, and the damning guilt heavy on his doomed soul. That's the way, isn't it ? I have read it in poetry and seen it in plays I assure you — but God's curse fell upon me in a different way. 1 wanted wealth, I had made my God of it -I worshipped it, but 1 never could embrace it. I had toiled long years. I had run ten thousand dangers, I had been parched by the tropical sun, and benumbed by arctic snow, and yet I was poor — miserably poor. When I had. done this deed the tide changed, I became a second Midas, everything I touched turned to gold. I bought land in Mexico, six months after purchase a valuable mine was dis covered on ifc. I insured a treasure ship that had been month after month overdue, every one thought she was lost — no one would give a crown for the chance of all the treasure she was bringing. I did, and within ten days she was in porfc, sickness and famine had decimated the crew, wind and wave had battered the ship, but the gold, the pure and holy gold for me came safe. The more hazardous, the more wild the speculation I engaged in, the more profitable it turned for me. ' ' But you couldn't have been happy, my son, you never could have had peace. Guilt never has peace, it doea not belong to it.' ' Quite a popular mistake, I maintain — I was happy enough, and I had peace enough— but I married, father. I wedded one who loved me with all her pure and guiless heart ; and I loved her, loved every jet-black fibre of her hair, loved the very soil she trod, the air she breathed, though I was rough and stern, and forbidding to most of my fellow- creatures. She was beau tiful as one of God's angels and as pure, and she gave me a daughter, — she that weeps over my misery to-day. Then only did I grow remorse ful, then only did the remembrance of my. guilt oppress me; I felt 1 was unworthy of her I called 'wife' ; I thought how she would turn from me in loathing if she only knew how the wealth I lavished around her was got. How I trem bled lest in my very dreams I should utter that fearful secret ! I was miserable at last. I never could kiss the infant brow of my daughter but I cf«i-i/1 in anm»af * THrna ia q w\'n ?¥»/?!***»£«? a iilnlrl ' . Sin you see, father, that what makes most men's happiness was made my punishment. But my wife died — thank God, ignorant to the last— she died with her arms around me — she wished to live for me, poor thing — I am glad she did not. I sold all my property — I left America and some strange fatality drove me hith(.r. I sought a wild secluded spot where I might regain peace and bring up my daughter, and — but you know the rest. Here I am to-day, and the gallows looms near. I deserve it, it must be acknow* ' ledged.' ' But your daughter — what of her.' ' She must suffer for the sins of her father, I suppose — well, I will leave her to God, and to you, father. Very likely you know about young 0 Bnen a attachment to her. I would not con sent to the match. It's well I did not. I had loftier projects in store. Ah, Carrington, Car* rington, I fancy that game is spoiled, and yet the fellow would marry a negress for money, still she won't have it ; a convent's her fate beyond queation. Well, if I trouble my unfortunate brain about all this I shall take leave of my sensea. I have done wrong and I must go through the punishment due to it ; and she must too, poor child.' 'I am glad to see you ao thoroughly repen tant. You said you would find your consolation in religion, and to help you I shall send you a few good books, from which you can derivo much pioua instruction. You know what, is always in store for the repentant sinners.' 'Of course, — though I suspect it's weariness and not repentance is the matter with me ; its so much more comfortable, you see, to get rid at a stroke of all worry, of all anxiety, of all un certainty, and voluntarily embrace the worst, the senso of repose, of indolent tranquility is positively delicious ; it's sweetness ineffable and accordingly I luxuriate in it. As a tired and jaded man would loll in a bath and enjoy the sweet relaxation of muscle it induces, so I relish my resignation. 'Aftor life's fitful fever he sleeps welL' that's a pretty epitaph — get it put over me. It's the identical thing I like, sleep, repose, or rather and better, annihilation.' . Father O'Coniiell spent some hours endea vouring to remove thia cynical and unchristian cind of resignation and no succeeded partially. Hie real business Langton wanted him for was to attend to some directions as to the disJJ posal of his property, for under the influence of ?f ? ' i _ 'ri ? ? -r— ? . ' ? ? his hew 'resignation'' he looked upon his death as inevitable. When the priest returned home it was draw ing near midnight and he found Frank sitting in the parlour in a state of utter despair and misery During his venerable friend's absence he had strolled out to distract his thoughts and had come across Nina when a scene that 'wrung the feelings both to the quick ensued. Yielding to the first impulse the young girl threw her self into his arms and gave vent to anguish stricken cries and sobs. Repeating vehemently that though they were parted for ever, she loved him more than ever, a thousand times more than life itself, she suffered him to imprint kiss after kiss upon her burning lips, aixd finally tore herself away and permitted Miss Mahoney to lead her home, This distressing interview had thoroughly unmanned Frank so that the priest did not feel secure against a serious attack of illness being the result. Within a month after the events narrated all those people of Ballybofey with whom we have been most concerned were in Liverpool whither Langton had been conveyed to stand his trial. .Nina, Agnes, and Father O'Connell staid at one hotel. Frank, his mother, and Mr. Esmonde at another. The authorities had been most active in their hunt after evidence and, though quarter of a century had elapsed, all the persons who had been examined at the inquest were at hand with the sole exception of the doctors who had ex amined the remains. Dr Gilham was there too in possession of the skull of him who had been buried in Ballybofey as Captain O'Brien which had been exhumed. The morning of the trial the priest bidding Nina trust in God and pass her time in prayer, went to the court-house with a sad heart. One advantage had been gained. At the repeated request of Mr. Esmonde Langfcou ??had consented to plead 'not guilty' but about the final result he seemed altogether indifferent. The trial went on. The barmaid of the Blue Anchor, now a stout matron and the mother of a large family, repeated the former evidence, she could not recognize the Captain's drinking companion in Langton, but to the best of her remembrance he was like him. Rawlins ?was then examined. Word for word, without a single variation, he retold what he stated to Mr. Blake and Colonel Brown. Dr. Gilham gave evidence— the skull he had examined was extensively fractured, could not tell why it had .not been noticed at the inquest, knew nothing as w wnetner it was tne same skull or notT Was present at its exhumation. It was taken , out of the grave where Captain O'Brien's remains were interred— thought that a fall from a height upon a large stone would produce the kind of fractures rather than two or three blows xi um- ct, ueavy narrow oar, winch would crush directly under it, and only crack all round .The; axull he saw resembled an egg that was struck with a heavy spoon. Mrs. O'Brien was examined. She recognized the coat, she had .sewn a small piece under the left arm. Her husband had complained that the match was bad. and that the piece would be noticed There could be no doubt it was the coat. She never- had any. Every thing looked bad for the prisoner. Father O'Connell, pale and anxious, fidgeted* on his seat, looking now and then at the iace of the counsel and judge to see if he could read any hope there. The counsel for the defendant had ceased speaking. He was asked were auy witnesses to produce when a tramnlmrr and confusion was heard in court. Order was criofi. repeatedly to no use, when Laurence with flushed face, and clothes disorded from pushing through the crowd, gained the counsels side ''Yes! yes!' he cried panting with intense excitement, 'we have a witness, and the best fchitt can be, here's the murdered man himself ' Tii e counsel turned round with an exclamation of -uprise. ' Here he is, ' continued Laurence, almost dragging our French friend La Brienne ionvnrd. «? My Lord,' said the counsel, 'by an almost miraculous chance we have got a wit ness that will quash this trial. We produce my Lord Captain. Edward O'Brien,' and here La .Evienne stepped on the witness table. Langton at tua word started. His face assumed a dozen differsut hues, he trembled and would have fallen had not the warders who stood beside him uphold him. La Brienne was sworn. He recol lected the day and occurrence right well he was very drunk and very quarrelsome. Recollected tailing out with Lumford a couple of times .A hen he got mto the boat he thinks he struck .uumord, at all events they had a fight Did not know the ins and outs of it, but did not behove that Lumford intended to kill him— could explain, the body that was found having Jus i;oat very readily. The drowned man must a — -?' --'*'«** va*w v«wn. xiiuuuuu, one oi iiis crew I to whom he had given the coat a day or two I berure. The man much resembled himself in I height and features, the colour of his hair was I the same to the best of his recollection. Said I to the man in joke as he was quitting the ship I not to pass himself off as the Captain; He had I no doubt that the body interred at Ballv | bo fay was that of Jack Trunnion. Never | since had any ill will against him. Wasn't | thrown into the river, thinks the boat upset al ii together ; floated down the river a bit, was I picked up by a Dutchman and carried to France I the war prevented his hearing from home He m inamed again in France and that too prevented I his making enquiries, knew that it was very wrong I and was sorry far doing so. His French wife I uied. ' Now my Loivl' said the counsel, 'we I ™g ?ee lf hls wife will recognise him.' Mrs 1 0-bnen was re-called and told to step upon the I w le, La Brienne, as we shall still call him H being there at the same time. . ' I I «i ' Now™'.am'' ***&&* l»wyer, twitching the I m sleeves of his gown, 'be good' enough to lift I I your eyes, and tell me if you recognise this gei - H looked at the French officers countenance A m momenta doubt— -then intense- agitation wa ll visible -then with a smothered exclamation of M f ^ husbai\d-™y husband, ' she .fell swoonino . — J -??'-'??—— '———IW ? ????MIM.MMMM, III | --ni feecution was abandoned on the instant, and the jury returned a verdict of acquittal without leaving their box. Father O'Connell was the first to think of IN ma. The jury had scarcely delivered their pronouncement ere he was elbowing his way out of the crowded room. As soon as he got clear he jumped into a cab and drove to the hotel. He hastened upstairs and found Nina kneeling by the side of a sofa, her hair hanging in disorder over her shoulders. When she looked up the priest could see thabshe had been crying bitterly for her features bore evident traces of it. ' Well my child have you prayed to God as I SciitL She faintly responded ' Yes father, I have in deed— piayed for strength and consolation.' Are you prepared then for whatever may 'If Godsends the ~ worst, father I bow my head to His judgments.' 'But God hears the prayers of the good and pure very often. What if He shews His mercy and does not send the worst.' 'Oh father— your words— they mean !— some- thing— acquitted ! Oh say it is so.' ' Your father is free my dearest child.' Nina threw herself on the sofa and tears, but tears of joy and thanksgiving and gratitude to God rolled down her face 'Tell me all. all me all. T am mlm and can bear it now. They did not believe that horrid man surely. Saved- saved— oh the rest of my life shall be consecrated to God— a con vent— ' 'You had better say nothing about that just yet— maybe you'd change your mind before 1U1«- -»? uuprecatmg snake ol the head was his only answer. ' - Then, ' she continued, 'tell me how it happened- when will he be here ?— when shall I see him, I am happy, father, I am happy indeed now.' '^ ? We had very good evidence indeed to get his acquittal; in fact Nina,' said he, seating him self by her side and taking her hand in his, ' I dont see how we could have better. It was little short of miraculous I assure you.' 'What was it, father — what was it ' w ' ISft *?5inJI ™?re *han % murdered man ««i«wi v^pucuu u .orien. a glance at his com panion showed the priest he had been too preci pitate in making this announcement. The hand he held grew cold as death, life and colour fled from Nina s cheeks and she fell by his side The alarmed priest rung the bell, assistants hurried to the place at once but it was a considerable time before the exhausted girl returned to con sciousness. Just then a tramping of many feet was heard on the stairs, the door opened and Langton appeared. The sight of him seemed to give miraculous strength and energy to his daughter. She flew to his arms and remained ?Itfr ? , ''*«!««« returning nis caresses with frenzied eagerness. At last he began ' M v own darling girl I have been making new plans for your happiness, for I have just heard that Carrmgton got married a few days ago, but r\ dlf,not succeed well the laat time I have taken this young gentleman into my councils and he will tell you what I have deter mined. So saying he drew Frank forward who had been standing behind him enjoying the happiness of father and daughter, as only the good and noble can enjoy the happiness of others. 'I think' ^nfi'mi^ i.~ «j.i__.l - doing this I am making dispositions that will be satisfactory to all parties, and securing the hap piness of those that are dearest to me.' Nina was deprived of utterance by this sudden flood of happiness that flowed upon her from all sides but her eyes beamed forth her delight, so that all could read it Nor was Frank less happy, with Nina's hand clasued in his witl, !,«.. ttul of tenderest loye and devotion beaming upon him, he felt that all he had suffered was a thou sand times cancelled by his present felicity In a few minutes the happy party was reinforced by the arrival of Captain O'Brien and his wife accompanied by Laurence. The latter scrutin ised the room m quest of Miss Mahonev, and discovering that young lad/in a secluded' corner enjoying the feminine luxury of a good cry, he made his way to that quarter and fpeedily put an end to the amusement. l But little remain to be said. Within a calen der month Nina and Prank, Laurence and Agnes wera duly licensed to go over the stream of life together, and that they did so with a happiness that few in this wretched werld experience I can safely vouch. Neither Rawlins nor his son ever made any further appearance in history that I am aware of, unless which is highly pro bable, their distinguished names may figure in the criminal records of Liverpool. I only knew that disappointment at not receiving any reward for his trouble in bringing Langton to justice drove Bill *« i^a „„„„„„,? and that Jemmy followed his example with filial alacrity. Captain O'Brien returned to France accompanied by his wife, while Langton remained with the. young couple. For many years after their union, when their children had grown around them an old man, whose erect figure still shewed signs of youthful power and vigour, and whose countenance bore a beautiful expression of inward peace and happiness might be seen walking to and fro with his hands clasped behind his back, and watching withev ! dent delight the playful gambols of a group of merry youngsters on the lawn before hini This was Stephen Langton, who recognizing the mercv and goodness of Heaven in the mildness of the Full Retribution which had been demanded of him, never opa^A to turn to Him with heart-felt payers of |ratf tude ; and love for Religion had triumphed over victor scePtlclsm and gained an eternal THB BKTD. ?ui^i WfHC-aptai?' ^edo7V' *'' Ju** committed -iucide at Quievram, in Belgium. He had ore noudy written a letter, stating that tin 'nU,anoy of the sun rendered life infupportable ,, 'M£mnhV TV* HtJle gM, 'can a doof ?pJdk* 'Certainly not, my love.' 'Then ^nxing V°U teU AUUa ? aM™- the *oor tl£ 