OPERATION OF THE LAND ACT. (FROM OUR SPECIAL REPORTER.) No. VIII. THE HAMILTON AREAS. The inquiries I made in Hamilton, in the best informed quarters, led me to the conclu- sion that a run through the agricultural areas would not be rewarded by the discovery of much real settlement of the kind of which I was in search. I was told that in the Mun- tham country I should probably find more bona-fide selectors at work than in any other of the areas, and therefore I went to Mun- tham, and to the areas around it, in which the best land was to be found. Between Hamilton and Coleraine there is not much to be seen. The scenery is of the usual kind, and the land has mostly gone into private hands. Passing the cemetery on our left and the racecourse on our right, we entered the area of Griffithstown, which ex- tends up to and beyond Coleraine. I have already stated that large as this area is, there were comparatively few allotments in it for selection. Some of these were near Hamilton. On two or three of these allotments there were the usual signs of settlement, but there was little more to see. A drive of twelve miles— the latter part through a sandy drift—brought us to the Wannon, over which a bridge of very primitive design is thrown. The Wannon Falls are in this locality. The upper fall, or rather series of rapids, is some two or three miles above the bridge. The lower fall is that best worth seeing, and it is only some two or three hundred yards down-stream. This fall is not unlike that of Foyers. The water pours in an unbroken mass over a sharp ledge of rock into the basin some ninety feet below ; and the moisture has so affected the soil which underlies the upper stratum of rock that it is possible to land at the foot of the fall and pass behind the brown tumbling waters. The basin is broad and deep, but almost des- titute of timber, and the river, gathering strength as it escapes from the dark, deep pool, rushes down and among huge boulders in a broken, winding, rocky chancel, much like that which forms the course of the Foyers from the fall to Loch Ness, but by no means so wild, so wooded, and impressive. I noticed abandance of brown iron ore about here, of very good quality. Approaching Coleraine (some twenty-two miles from Hamilton), we came to the brow of the Big-hill—one of those un- lucky names which, like those of Mount Misery, Mount Abrupt, Mount Useful, &c.;, however appropriate, are an abomination to enthnologists who endeavour to trace the his- tory of races through the native names of re- markable places. This particular "big hill" over- looks a splendid flat on the Koroite Creek, on which the township of Coleraine has been laid out in squares. The town is but a small one at present, though it will no doubt increase as settlement proceeds, for there is good land all about. It has a church and a bank, a post-office (in a private house), but no tele- graph-station, although the wires pass through the village. Here the tents of the first settlers were pitched some twenty-six or twenty- seven years ago, and the good land which lies to the westward may be said to begin at the creek. At the time spoken of the blacks were numerous and trouble- some, and the name of the Fighting Water- holes is still retained by a portion of the creek near which two of the earliest settlers encountered with fire-arms a numerous party of blacks, driving them into the water. At first, the tale of the battle sounded stirring and warlike, but the more I heard about it the more it became like the story of the three black crows. Painted warriors became women and children, the list of the killed and wounded gradually became smaller, and as it was certain that no bodies had been found on the scene of the battle, I began to suspect that after all it had been bloodless. Twenty six years, however, have sufficed almost to extinguish a race, and scarcely an aboriginal now hunts over this beautiful country, once his own. Along Koroite Creek some short distance above Coleraine—as I mentioned in my last letter—there are numerous settlers who took up their lands under the occupation licences, and they are still farming their hold- ings, finding a market in Coleraine and Hamil- ton for their product, or selling it to the squat- ters about. I could not find that any of these people had sold their possessions, or that they had failed to maintain themselves on the land in more or less comfort. On the Koonong- wootong Creek, a little further on towards Casterton, two brothers named Templeton— formerly well known in and about Melbourne as successful competitors in ploughing matches — took an allotment of the maximum size. It embraced a bottom or meadow of splendid deep black soil, and the higher ground beyond. On the latter they had placed sheep and cattle, and they cultivated the flats getting as much as fifty bushels of wheat per acre. They were at work ploughing a pad- dock as I passed, while the earlier sown crop had brairded well. Offers of a tempting cha- lacter had been made to them to sell out, but they preferred to hold by the excellent property they had won for themselves. Turning up the west bank of Koonongwootong Creek, and then keeping the crest of the hill, we crossed a very rich country, great part of which is now the private pro- perty of Mr. William Swan, having been secured under the Duffy Act. The country is undulating, richly grassed, thinly timbered, and well-watered. Its owner has to be con- gratulated on possessing a most desirable estate. Those who first settled here were plagued almost as much by the eaglehawks and native dogs as by the blacks, but poison in a very few years did its work. As many as seventy dead eaglehawks have been picked up in a morning, and a dingo is not now to be seen. From Mr. Swan's house snugly situated on the eastern slope of wooded hill, a magnificent view is obtained stretching over a wide expanse of country till the scene is shut in by the Victoria and Grampian ranges far in the distance. There had been some selections about here (areas of Clarke and Hentyhurst). One of these small squatters had taken up an allotment which contained a waterhole, long in dispute between Messrs. Henty and Swan ; but the selector is not there now, and there is no longer any quarrel over the waterhole. Most of the others had disappeared from the scene as completely as he did. Like so many of Pepper's ghosts, they had appeared, seemed real, and vanished, leaving no trace be- hind of where they had been—no trace, at least, visible to the public. The land is good enough to grow anything. Even the English oak thrives where it has been planted. I was told tbat before long it was probable its owners would have the land surveyed into farms, and let out for agricultural purposes, for which it would be readily taken up. A curious fact was mentioned to me here. The treading of cattle and sheep, it would appear, has had the effect of causing springs to break out where they were not known before. Small creeks, in consequence, have become of more importance than they were ; new ones have appeared ; and some that were dry in summer years ago are not so now. It is also stated that the character of the grasses has changed—a result pro- bably attributable to the manuring the land receives from the stock which feeds upon it. All through Clarke, Hentyhurst, and Ligarwood, the same rich soil and fine scenery continued. We came in one or two places only on evidences of the neighbour- hood of a selector, and it was apparent that whatever intentions the selectors might have had they did not point to putting the hand to the plough. In Ligarwood some of the stations had been all selected, but there were no bona fide people among the selectors ; and they disappeared. Disallowances in some cases were procured, fresh selections were made, and again the lucky mortals quietly withdrew themselves. There were no oats to be had here for love or money, so I concluded that absolute want of a market did not drive them away. I took a distant look at Tarrayoukyan, and then turn- ing southwards, down the valley of the Wando, fell in with a few settlers on Corea Creek, who had all the appearance of bona fide tillers of the soil. They had built houses, fenced paddocks, felled trees, and ploughed and sown. There were wives and children about, and I thought that, here at least, the wilder- ness had been invaded by some who aspired to create "homes and farms" for them- selves. I was not a little surprised after- wards to find that they were mere em- ployés, put there to occupy the land against the free selector. By dusk Cas- terton was reached. This is the farthest west township in Victoria on the Adelaide line of road, and is prettily situated on the River Glenelg. It is more numerously popu- lated than Coleraine. Here I ate some of the sweetest bread I ever tasted, made from flour grown in the neighbourhood ; the secret of its sweetness being that it would not pay to cart inferior or damaged sea-borne flour to mix with it. So remote at present from a market is Casterton district that wheat cannot be grown extensively at a profit, but the time will probably come when this will be one of the gardens of the colony. The soil is not inferior to that of Mount Gambier, from which wheat is now regularly exported, Port MacDonnell wheat being as well known in Melbourne market as that of Ade- laide. But then the South Australian Govern- ment has been judicious as well as liberal in its expenditure on roads, and the farmers of Mount Gambier can reach a shipping- port easily, from whence Melbourne or Adelaide can readily be supplied by steamer. Wherever English grasses have been sown in this neigh- bourhood they have thriven luxuriantly, and proved themselves better adapted for the soil and climate than the native grasses, bearing the heat of the summer well. Ten or fifteen miles north of Wando Dale, however, the land becomes light. It will neither grow wheat nor oats without irrigation, but it is excellently adapted for vines. Much of this light land has been taken up under certificate, and the bulk of that which is superior along the Glenelg and Wando has been purchased under the Duffy Act. Muntham lies north- east from Casterton, on the road to Coleraine. Crossing the Glenelg, an abrupt ascent, and a short drive through sand and heath, bring the traveller to the foot of a range of gentle hills, at Connell's Station (part of Mr. E. Henty's run), from the top of which a very fine view is enjoyed. The hills of Muntham lie before us, green to the top, and away to the right, lower down, are the Merino Downs —where, also, there is some of the very best land in the colony. As we passed on we come upon a few of the usual traces of the selector. The road keeps along the crown of a ridge for some miles, affording fine views on both sides. We passed several fenced paddocks, where the plough had been or was at work. We saw two or three houses, and smoke rising where other settlers were located. Six or seven miles from Coleraine is Muntham-house itself, in a hollow on the shoulder of the hill, facing eastwards. The gardens and cultivated ground round about it gave it a cozy appearance. All round the soil continued to be of the best quality, watered by numerous creeks, the banks of which showed the depth of the mould ; but the grass was still very short and the number of skeletons of dead cattle and sheep about, proved that the winter, even on this favoured land, had been a trying one for stock. The sheep were of poor quality and I was not surprised at their condition when I was informed that the station splendid as it is, is seldom free from scab. This is the more surprising when we know that the owner of the flocks is wealthy, and that he has a manager reputed to be the best in all the district. Mr. E. Henty, however has a nice box at Portland, where he amuses himself amongst his flowers, and probably he does not disturb himself much about an acarus more or less among his merinos. 