HEADS OF INTELLIGENCE. The English mail with newspaper dates to August 27 and telegraphic news to September 11 arrived on Tuesday, October 10. The news of the resumption of peace upon the Continent, the reduction of money rates, and the increase in the price of wool was received with great pleasure, and the intelligence has been a healthy influence upon the community generally. The scrutiny of the election for the Legisla- tive Council terminated on October 11, when Messrs. Hogarth, Mildred, Bagot, and Hodgkiss were declared to have been elected on the first writ, and Mr. Hogarth on the second writ. Owing to the double return of Mr. Hogarth a vacancy has been declared in the Council. Mr. G. W. Cole has resigned his seat for the Burra and Clare District, and Mr. A. McCulloch (the Attorney-General's father-in-law) has been returned without opposition in his stead. Messrs. B. A. Fiveash and Augustine Stow are the candidates for the representation of Flinders, vacant by the resignation of Mr. Alfred Watts. It is expected to be a close contest; but the result will not be known for some days. At present Mr. Stow has a bare majority. On October 12 the Hon. Mr. Reynolds moved in the Assembly—"That the present Ministry is not entitled to the confidence and support of this House." A lengthy discussion ensued, but the House did not seem prepared for the motion, which was characterised by lead- ing oppositionists as ill-timed, and which was negatived without a division. On Thursday, October 18, debates took place in both Houses on the following resolutions moved by the Government, viz. :— "1. That it is desirable to withdraw from the Northern Territory the present Government Resident and his party. "2. That it is not desirable at the preseut time to maintain a Government Resident and party at the Northern Territory. "3. That it is not expedient at the present time to make any further attempt to prosecute the survey of land at the Northern Territory. " 4. That, in order to maintain the credit of South Australia, it is desirable to refund to purchasers the money paid by them for land in the Northern Terri- tory." The Council passed the whole of the proposi- tions ; but the Assembly, after two days' debat- ing, agreed only to the first one. A good debate took place upon the motion for the second reading of the Constitution Act Amendment Bill, to which Mr. Strangways moved an amendment that the Bill be not enter- tained until the Government had laid on the table their amended Electoral Bill. A call of the House of Assembly was made on October 26, when the motion for the second reading of the Bill was negatived by a majority of 1. A discussion has taken place in the Assembly with reference to the unsatisfactory state of the insolvency laws in the colony, when an amend- ment providing that the Commissioner might order insolvents to pay their creditors out of their annual income after insolvency, was carried as desirable to be included in legislation. The Destitute Persons Relief Bill, which pro- vides for the establishment of Industrial and Reformatory Schools, &c.;, has passed through Committee in the Assembly. The Marriage Law Amendment Bill, which consolidates and amends the marriage laws of the colony, was read a second time and com- mitted on Thursday, October 25. The following resolutions have been unani- mously carried in the Council, on the motion of the Hon. J. H. Barrow : — " 1. That in the opinion of this Council the time has arrived for establishing a more complete system of communication throughout the province by means of iron roads. "2. That provision should be made forthwith for connecting the Burra and Clare with the Northern Railway; also for forming lines in the South-East, and from Port Augusta or Port Ferguson say 200 miles north." Mr. Barrow has since given notice of an address to His Excellency to direct trial surveys to be forthwith made. After a tedious debate the Assembly went into a Committee of Supply, and have passed a num- ber of items with and without amendment. The report of the Committee on the subject of improving Port Wakefield recommends the deepening of the harbor to the extent of four feet, and the construction of a tramway from Port Wakefield to Hoile's Plains—a distance of about 26 miles. The Government have invited tenders for a steamer or sailing vessel to proceed to Adam Bay and return again. Tenders have also been invited by the Govern- ment for the survey of 300,000 acres of land in the Northern Territory. Mr. B. T. Finniss and Mr. Moses Frith have written to the Government offering to survey the land in the Northern Territory. Lady Daly was taken so seriously ill on the night of Tuesday, October 9, that several guests invited to dine at Government House withdrew. Her Ladyship, we are glad to say, has now considerably improved in health. The Chamber of Commerce have petitioned Parliament to carry out the improvements to Port Adelaide, and to appoint a Harbor Trust. The half-yearly meeting of the South Aus- tralian Milling Association (the Burra Mine Company) was held on October 17. The report recommended that the reorganization of the Association, on the basis agreed to at the last meeting, should be postponed, owing to the present unfavorable state of the market. The Moonta Mining Company have declared a 17th dividend of £5 per share. Mr. B. H. Babbage has been appointed South Australian Commissioner at the Melbourne Ex- hibition, and Captain Hart has been chosen one of the Commissioners for the colony at the Paris Exhibition. Mr. H. A. Wood, the Accountant of the In- solvency Court, has been appointed Curator of Intestate Estates. Dr. Peel has been appointed Assistant- Colonial Surgeon for the South-Eastern District, and Dr. Corbin has been chosen House- Surgeon at the Hospital in his place. The municipal elections for the City of Ade- laide are exciting attention. Mr. Townsend and Mr. Fuller, and perhaps other gentlemen, are likely to contest the mayoralty. Captain Oldham and Lieutenant Oldham of the Kapunda Mine Rifles have been dismissed for insubordinate conduct, and Ensign Oldham has been permitted to resign. The disagree- ment was in consequence of Captain Oldham feeling aggrieved at being deprived of what he considered his order of precedence. A Naval Volunteer Brigade has been formed at Port Adelaide. A case—Macdonald v. Galbraith—recently came before His Honor Mr. Justice Boothby, who was presiding at the Civil Sittings. The suit was on a bill of exchange, and His Honor refused to receive the pleadings of the defen- dant, on the ground that they referred to part- nership accounts, and could therefore only be tried in a Court of Law. He directed the Jury to find for the plaintiff in law, but the Jury re- turned a verdict for the defendant. Meetings have taken place at Clare and other places on the subject of tramway extension in the Northern and North-Western Districts. During the last week or two the weather has been very unsettled. The lightning has been most vivid, and in several instances has struck houses and trees, although without doing serious damage. The crops promise to be exceedingly good. There are some local exceptions, but as a rule they are looking magnificent, and it is expected that the yield this year will be the largest known in the colony for a long time. Subscriptions are being collected for the sufferers by the Prusso-Austrian war. News from the Darling states that there is but little water in that river. It is reported that Mr. Strangways will shortly enter into partnership with Messrs. Cullen and Wigley, from whose firm Mr. Belt is about to retire. The Central Road Board have resolved to levy tolls on the Port-road—a resolution which has caused great dissatisfaction amongst the resi- dents along the road. The Real Property Act Assurance Fund now amounts to £11,039, and there has been only one small claim of £83 11s. 6d. upon it. The annual general meeting of the members of the South Australian Institute was held on October 9, and the report proved the affairs of the Institute to be in a highly satisfactory con- dition. A quantity of bismuth belonging to the Stanley and Daly Mining Company has been successfully smelted by that Company. The annual meeting of the Philosophical Society was held on October 23, when Sir D. Daly was chosen President, Messrs. C. Todd and F. G. Waterhouse Vice-Presidents, Mr. J. H. Clark Treasurer, and Mr. J. S. Lloyd Secretary. The Prince of Wales, with 384 Government immigrants, arrived on Wednesday, October 17. The annual cattle show was held on October 11, but for some circumstance or other it was rather a poor affair. The Southern Rifle Association mafeJwf took place at Willunga, ou October 18,19, and 20. Flower shows have been held during the month at Brighton and Gawler, when many of the exhibits were very superior. A new bridge at Belvidero, four miles from Strathalbyn, was opened with becoming ceremony on Octoiwr 22. The new jetty at Hiudmarsh Island was for mally opened on October 26 by Miss Price, when a picnic, dinner, and other festivities took place. An attempt to exhibit the Ghost illusion, after Professor Pepper's patent, by the AlwimW Brothers, was a failure. The Hon. Mr. Baker met with a severe accident whilst travelling from Wellington to Adelaide. The horses of the conveyance, in which he was riding, bolted, and he in jumping out broke his leg in two places above the ancle. Captain Burdge, of the ship Bosphorus, was drowned in Wallaroo Bay in attempting to return to his vessel at midnight, on October 17. John Grant, the carpenter of the Pekina, was drowned at Port Adelaide on the night of Thursday, October 26. A man named William Daddow was recently killed in the Moonta mines by the explosion of a blast hole. Mr. C. H. Barton, of Tanunda, who recently absconded, was arrested at Echuca, and has been charged before Mr. Beddome, P.M., with the misappropriation of moneys, but has been remanded. Several other cases of highway robbery have occurred in the city and suburbs. The most daring was committed on October 2, when a man stopped two youths just off Rundle-street and robbed them. He fired at one of them who tried to escape, and severely wounded him in the groin. A commercial traveller named Ramsay was robbed by three men, under arms, near Auburn, on October 4. The robbers have not yet been apprehended. Meetings in connection with the British and Foreign Bible Society have also been held in the suburban and country districts. The annual meeting of the South Australian Auxilliary of the Bible Society took place in the Adelaide Town Hall on Thursday evening, October 23 which was nearly filled on the occasion. The annual report was very satisfactory. The Rev Dr. Tucker, Rev. Mr. Slatyer (of Sydney), and other ministers and gentlemen addressed the meeting. The annual meetings in connection with the London Mission Society have been holding during the month. The annual district meeting in connection with the Wesleyan body has been holding during the month, when the various reports which were read indicated that a very satisfactory progress has been made during the year. The Rev. S. Ironside was appointed representative at the next Intercolonial Conference. The annual meeting of the Congregational Union and Home Missionary Society was held on October 23. The Rev. S. L. Harris, the Chair- man for the year, delivered the usual address, alluding more particularly to the Sabbath ques- tion and the duty of the State relating thereto. The Home Missionary Society and the Congre- gational Union have been amalgamated under the appellation of "The Home Missionary Society and the Congregational Union." The Rev. Morgan Williams was elected Chairman for the ensuing year. The annual meetings in connection with the South Australian Baptist Association took place on October 23, and the reports read on the occa- sion proved that that body was in a very satis- factory condition in the colony. The Right Rev. Dr. Shiel, Roman Catholic Bishop of Adelaide, has visited several of the country districts, and has opened new churches at Port Elliot and Salisbury. His L jrdship has been most cordially received by his flock. Four additional Moravian Missionaries, viz.— Rev. Messrs. Gosaung, Homan, Vogelsang, and Jacob, left Tanunda for Lake Hope on October 9, amid the cordial well wishes of the inhabitants, who accompanied them in procession out of the village. The Rev. Samuel Annear, an eloquent tem- perance advocate, has been lecturing in the city and country. The Markets.—At tho close of last month wheat ruled at 6s. and ss. Id. ; but it «*"^?'mhP slowly in price till October 18, when then wm a md.leu fall uf tid |«r Imshel, ««% to the large ahipaam^ of Catafonam«ni iUnn reported. At |i-l1 am paw iafc— fc. to to. Si Floaria fuMat Otto £ll,aa*f> vary daft. n.^pi.t-A. . fflif timii im ?, amounted to fiJn.SW; aa! the export. «f colonial prodaae to £K3J?. Exchange—The?ubmD t? daya' baa at 1| per oent. promhua, with the mamam «f the Bank of Adelaide, which aaaes paper <rf that date at one per coot. |n— Hay hay baa at <«c per cent, daeooat. Copper.—Barm and Wallaroo oappiaa lapted at£B4, bat the price is oaiywhial ; Mala having taken place. Month's Inaofomdes.—H. J. 8. %■«, «f Port Lincoln, storekeeper; C. H. Gray, of Stirling, near Port Aagaaa, knmr ; F. Bjnam, of Adelaide, Ikxaaod rietaaVr; JIM;, of Adelaide, grocer; J. Ndeo*, of Krartaa, far mer; HCHamJd aid CJedtias, of Adelaide, ironmongers aad ooanaaam amata; M. Iffinffnimri. of Urliiili. lniMiliaa>i— t>ay<a . C. Simeon, of Adelaide, iinmmiaana apa*; S. White, of Aiding*, nuUer aad ahipowaar; J. Woodman, of Efadley-atnet, mjaVamlar; J. fiymra, of Gawter River, farmer; 8. Meyen, «f Adelaide, dentiat; 6. W. ffTililwiaai. of Bferth Adelaide, dark; J. Canaek, of Bnartoa, general dealer; G. Reafeeafamig, «f ft iwaifa, out of business. Owing to lames in mating a|Hinailalii—, Mr. Wearing, the Crown So?eitor, haa hem com pelled to call a meeting of ha mditon. Ha liabilities were £18,000, bnt v* anaeiarf creditoM have handed bade ha amnijiiamiaa. mi received again the share* anas which he had given those acceptances. Mr. J. 8. faiiim hm also had a meeting of ha endaota. Us lahaaas being £10,500, mid ha aan fMH ; defi ciency, £4,946. He has oabmd Ca. fd. m at pound, which proposition k now mater coa ■ideratiou. "- ? "Twtr. nf Uhlasga, aw mnu failed, and been adjudicated maotvaat. Mr A. L FnUarton, merchant', efcrk, ha*, owm( to losses upon mining aharea, hem ■haflnd to seek an arrangement with his cradaom, bat his oner haa not yet been aooaptad. Arrivals.—^Thames, City of adHaiaV, Yataa, and Prince of Wales, from Load—; B. Bar man, bom Gottenbug; aad Sn Bhem, faaa Mauritius. Departeraa—British Lion, ferCaaao; Ana, for Calcutta; Jam Ba?, for MantM; aaa Caranjah, Cor Khanghai. 