fHE NMWS OF TE!Z-. BAT. We understand that, at his Excellency's levee on Thursday next, places will be specially reserved for the members of both Houses cMtarliamcnt ; and such of the members as arrive in, time will be intrc dncefiUo.his. Excellency prior t3-tbe commencement of tbo-general jiresentations. W'o have Sokiiika papers to ibe lGib, and Nelson to the llih insi. Burgess, ono» of the Maunogatapa murderers, lia, 3 made a confesoion, ac-rasing himself ant! SullivHn. »f having comraittod' the atrocious deode, but 20 faith was plaoedi ia his statement. Wo-elsewhers' publish tbe principal portions of his cecfession. There appears to bo somo-pronpe^l of an amicable arrangemoa/: between the iSblboorae and Colling ?wood Gas Companies. At tho, aJjourned meeting of sharehcidors, yesterday,, it was announced that j both boardo had agreed to-oa ar/augemeut, raiiin;; itbe pric& to lis per lOOCcfiet. from the 1st of Sej' I tember, ibis being preliminary to a permauaat : agreomoot. A report 0J1 the proceedings wilk bo : found sisewhere. A reijuisitiou, asking lir Learmonth to staai the Soutb-Western Pjawnco', was hawked abiut in Geolong, on Saturday, last, and obtained a few sigaatares, some of which were, howevo?,. umi»r a misapprehea&Lwi; as to Mr Leaaaontlia political views. Gr. Butters verjy guroperly brought radar tie notice of tho citv csancil, yesterday afterapon, tha desirability of imas-eiliately lighting coitain larops erected in contral portions of the city. He urged that Collins- s-trEot, near tbe Bank if Victoria, amongst other places, was one of the ino3t ill' lighted of y,ibHo thoroughfares^ and con tended that an efficient sap^p of lixht was essential ta tho prevention of burglaries and robberies, which, of late, had bee^of common oc currence. 31e moved ' That it ba, an instruction to, 11-.0 fina r.nmnnnv to immediatei* light all 'a',-rjP3 erected wilibin tho distance of tbaoe chains froir. any main pij», and not yot lightoiL'' On this an amfnil ment wsa proposed by Cr. Stoaj, ' That the matter be postponed for a week.' Tbe ame.P.amont was carried, ou a division, by tte- inayor''3 oa9ling vote. Thoaa that voted against sa reaso aablo a proposi tion must evidently wisb to giva the footpads an burglars another chancft. The city council have grant ed permission to f Edward Hook to cleanse ar.d sweep the street crossings of. the oity. _ A deputation, oomprising gentlemen intereste in field tporta and members 'of the council of the Act 1 matisation Society, was r atroduced to the Chief e cretary, yesterday, by Tjr Edwards, those present wero Messrs E . Frith, C. Skarra 1 L. Smith, N. G. B ashell, W. Grimwood, Clarson, J. C. Allay , J. Walton, J. Steavenson and ? Sprigg BCa F.laok. Tho object oi tho top™ tien, as announced by Mr Edwards, was to bring ? under tha Chi el Secretary's notice the proposed alteration in the close season for quail. Mr Clar son, after some preliminary remarks, said it had been announced that the council of the Acclimatisa tion Society intended to agitate for an alteration of the game laws, so far as regarded the close season dot quail. The close season at present extendod from the 1st of August to the 20th of September; but the Acclimatisation Society proposed that the season should ran from the 10th of Octdtoer to the 1st January. The deputation then present very fairly represented those gentlemen most deeply in terested in field sports, and, on their part, Mr Clai ?son stated that the proposed alteration would exclude many from sporting altogether, the habits of the birds being so migratory that there was no calculating when they might be had. This being the case, he apprehended that the proposal would render the society very unpopular. No doubt, ihe object they had in viow was the protection of the game ; but there was good reason to believe that this object would not be accomplished by the altera tion. Dr. Black observed that the main object of the council of the Acclimatisation Seciety wad tc promote the interests of sportsmen, and of the general community, so fur as they had an interest in the matter. They had at first intended propos ing an extension of the close season to the 20th ?January, so that the farmers might hare less to complain of in tho way of injury to their crops ; but the council had given way to the representations made, and were satisfied with proposing the modifica tion referred to. Dr. L. L. Smith said he had taken a great interest in tho question ; and from the in quiries made before a parliamentary committee, of which he was a member, and lettors received from sporting friends in tho country, ho was of opinion that the act ought to be put iu force a month in ? advance of the present time. He added that the Acclimatisation Society appeared desirous of putting an end to sporting altogether. Dr. Black and Mr Sprigg warmly denied that tho socioty was ever animated by any such motive. Mr M'Culloch said that of course the objcct of all parties was, if possible, to protect the qutiil. Could they be protected, and if so, what Was tho best time for this close season 1 Mr Skar rett directed attention to the migratory character of the quail. They came and went irregularly at various periods of the year, and it was impossible for sportsmen to count upon when or where they could bo found. It was often difficult to find a single bird in tho month of January. Mr J. Stea venson remarked that, as yet, comparatively little was known as to the peculiar habits of the quail. There was, however, an ascertained difference be tween the habits of tho grey and tho brown quails. The former was essentially migratory, disappearing altogether at tho end of the year ; but the brown quail might be regarded as a native, and if it could be adequately protected, it would be very de sirable. Tho grey quail he did not think worth the trouble. Perhaps tho gentlemon present would agree with him that it might bo as well to let the matter rest as it was for the present. After some further desultory conversation, Mr M'Culloch said that there was evidently a considerable difference of opinion on the subject of tho best time for tho close season, as regarded quail ; and, under tho ciroumstflnces, ho did not think the Government would be justified in interfering. Messrs Harker, Mayne, Donovan and Hailos, were the magistrates who presided at the Fitzroy police court yesterday. A young man, nainad Joseph Andrews, was fined £10, with tho alternative of a month's imprisonment, for giving vent to obscene epithets in tho public streets. James Reed, charged with assaulting a constable whilst under the in fluence of drink, was fined 203, or, in default, to go to gaol for three days. Richard King, accused of damaging property when in a similar condition, was directed to pay 20a, with 10s damages. John Thompson, on the accusation of stealing 2s from the Tankervillo Arms bar till, was sent to prison for fourteen days ; and Margaret Lander, charged with stealing a rug, was cautioned and liberated. Several persons wore fined in small amounts for infringing the municipal bye-laws. Henry Androws was, at the city police court, yes terday, charged with having broken into the pre mises of Messrs Brush and Maadounell, jewellers, 99 Collins-street west, on the night of the 11th inst., and Henry Bryant was accused of being an accomplice. Tho only evidence taken was that of William E. Ellis, who is engaged at the establish ment in quostion. He explained the manner iu which an entrance to tho shop had boen effected, and identified Andrews as being one of two men whom he saw leaving the adjoining building, occu pied by Messrs White, shipping agents, at about ten o'clock on the morning of the 12th inst., imme diately after the burglary had been committed. Bryant, -.gainst whom there was not sufficient evidence, was discharged, but Andrews was further remanded till Friday, for the production of wit nesses. George Reynolds, who was arrested on Saturday evening on the charge of being concerned in tho extensivo burglary which took place at Mr Jones's shop, Flinders-street, a few days ago, when over £000 worth of watches and jewellery were Btoles, was also remanded till Friday. Tho question of the removal of the city manure depot from North Melbourne was again brought nnder discussion at the weekly meeting of the city council yosterday. The health committee's report Bet forth that that body had agreed with tho motion submitted by Aid. Smith, to the effect that the depot bo closed on the 1st October next, and recom mended that it be adopted. After the mattor had been discussed at some length, Cr. Walker ex plained that it was intended to close the manure depot about a week before the meeting of Parlia ment, when it was thought the Government would he induced to provide somo more convenient site than that where tbe depot was now situated. The recommendation of tho committee was ultimately ruled out of order, and it was decided that a call of the whole council should bo made for next meeting, to adopt an amended bye-law in lieu of bye-law No. 27, which provided for the deposit of manure at the present depot. We have received from the geological surveyor three quarter sheets of tho geological survey of Victoria. A special meeting of tho members of the Mel bourne Mechanics' Institution was held last evening, Mr Henri Hart, the president, occupying the chair. Tho advertisement stated that the members were convened for the purposo of considering, altering and amending the rules of the institution. The proposed new rules, which differ in vory few respects, and theso, for the most part, of a very trivial nature from the regulations formerly in force, havo for some time pa9t beon exhibited on the premises for the inspection of members. Upon their being brought forward, it was moved by Mr Burtt, M.L.A., and seconded by Mr Godfrey, that they be adopted ; but an amend ment was proposed by Dr. Greeves, and beconded by Mr Kilner, to the effect that the words to tho ' exclusion of nil controversial matters of religion or politics,' which had been omitted from the first rule, be restored. The amendment waB negatived, and the original motion carried. The remainder ot tho proceedings possessed no feature of interest, and the new rules were adopted without material alteration. Considerable excitement has been occasioned in Gipps Land by an attempt to obtain the with drawal of certain land applied fjr under tho 42nd clause of tho Land Act. The land is a portion of Batchart's run, and tho attempt referred to appears to have beeu successful. The Chronicle, referring to the affair, says : — ' The question as to whether or not the land selectors at the Top Plain will have ? - their applications granted has been decided by Mr r Grant in the negative. Capital appears to have I gained the day. Tho district surveyor, Mr Daw son, received a telegram yesterday evening, stating | that ' Mr Grant has excluded from the operations of the 42nd clause ihe land bordering ou tha ; Morass (Butcbart's), in the parish of Briagolong. Mr Butchart,- who states that the allotments are absolutely necessary for the working of his run, is to refund to all applicants the expenses they have incurred, together with £1 each for loss of time. Applications for the remainder of the parish will still, however, be received.' ' The M. A. Mail says ' On Saturday, we were shown a piece of wood found in the claim of the Pioneer Company, at a depth of 280 feet from tbe top ol the plain, and 120 feet from the mouth of the shaft. The relic, which is indicative of the geolo gicol changes tho locality has undergone, was vety light, although it had evidently been submerged in water. The grain of tho wood was perfect. From tho same ground wo were shown some curious com binations of quartz nnd white sand, having much tho appearance of boiling lava suddenly solidified.' Some differences which appear to have existed between a young lady, named Emily Knox, milliner and dressmaker, and Owen Callaghan, of Callaghan and Swan, grocers, Bourke-street, were again brought under the notice of Mr Hackett, P.M., at tho dis trict court, yesterday. It appeared that some time ago, Miss Knox was witness in the case of Glynn v. Callaghan, heard at the Supreme Court. Since that period, she, it was alleged, had been re- peatedly insulted by Callaghan, and on the night of the 15th inst., when she was about to proceed home in a cab, he remarked, " There she is ; there goes the — — ." Consequently, Miss Knox took out a summons against him for using abusive language. .In support of her case, she called Michael Foley, the driver of the car, who said he distinctly heard the defendant use the words complained of. Callaghan denied the accuracy of the information, and his solicitor, Mr M'Kean, urged that the affair had been con- cocted solely with a view of bringing his client's name before the public, through tbe medium of the press. A man named Robinson, a storekeeper at the Ovens, stated that he was in the company of the defendant on the night in question. He did not recollect hearing Callaghan make any offensive re- marks to the complainant. He, however, thought she accosted him in Collins-street, and that he told her he would give her in custody if she did not move on. Mr Stephen, who appeared for Miss Knox, cross-examined Robinson on several matters connectod with the case, but as he did not appear to retain a very lively recollection of what had transpired, he was at length told to leave the box. The defendant was then ordered to pay a fine of 20s, with 23s 6d costs. With regard to tho entranca to the Gipps Land Likes, the Chronicle of Saturday last supplies tho following : — ' We havo been favored by Captain King with a Bketch of tho lato soundings taken by him at the Lakes entrance. When he was ont last week for this purpose, as reported by us, the sea was too rough to allow him to ascertain tho depth with a sufficient degree of accuracy, the boat in which be was sailing having touched the bottom twice ; but iu the early part of the present week the weather became calm and afforded an opportunity of taking correct soundings. The chaunel is wider, not nearly so intricate, and tho lowest depth at fall tide was six feet, so that there would be no diffi culty in bringing in steamers of tho draught of the Murray or Charles Edward, but the danger would bo in getting them out again. The current of UeeveB's River is fully four miles an hour, ond in the way out. there would not be time to turn tho vessel at the narrow entrance before she wonld rnn herBelf on tho left hand sand spit. Until tho point of one or other of these sand-spits becomes worn out further and the channel made wider, he would not venture to take the steamer out unless there was a flood on at the time.' Warrenheip still olings to its ghost. The cor respondent of the Star says : — ' Tho Fahey ghost story is not yet dead, and, strange to say, a large portion of the people — of coarse those of the Fahey typo only — beliove it to be quite true. The BtorieB that are now told are quite ridiculous. After a great deal of persuasion, I visited the house, on Thursday evening, and found some ten or twelve persons Bitting round the reception room in truly Irish fashion, amongst whom was a traveller from tho adjacent brewery, who, probably taking a lesson from ' Sam Slick ' was nursing the baby, much to the gratification of the delighted mother. Fahey narrated some of tho wonders of the candles, and one wonder in particular, that of a candle which was lyiag on the table, which gradually orocted itself on end, was lightod without human aid, and moved slowly to the edge of the table, droppod on to the floor still on end, thence travelled to the fire place, which Fahey classically termed the hob, and back with a flying leap to tha table, for the truth of which one or two of those pre^nt vouched. Some of those present were then invited to adjourn to the Phoenix Hotel, whore a ' shout ' all round being disposed of and Fahey having quaffed bis pint of M'Gill and Coglilan's last brew, which from the smack of his lips I imagine he enjoyed, I ven tured to request that I might bo allowed to witneEB the wonderful candle performances. This request was not granted, for I was told — rather drily — to come to-morrow, as I should see better in day light. With a hearty laugh at finding myself so 'dead sold,' I wished Daniel good night, and ventured to make my way along that standing monument of misspent money, tho North Mel bourne-road.' Al the Flemington police court, yesterday, before Messrs J. T. Smith, P. M'Cracken, J. Davies, and R. M'Cracken, the only caso ou the charge sheet was that of Robert A. Kenny and James Allen, who wore summoned for not paying a fino of £5 each, and £3 costs, ordered by the bench in July last. The bench adjourned the case to next Monday, owing to a writ of prohibition having been issued by tbe Supreme Court. On Wednesday last, at a numerous meeting of tbe Ancient Order of Druids, at the Bull and Mouth Hotel, Past Grand Arch Brother A. Barnard was presented with a richly ornamented silver inkstand, of colonial manufacture, executed in a most exqui site manner by Brother Royal Arch Cramer ; bear ine the following inscription: — ' Presented to P. G. A. Bro. A. Barnnrd, by tho brothers of the Grand Lodge of A. O. Druids, as a mark of their esteem. — August 15th, 1S6G.' We were in error in stating, yesterday, that the foot- ball match on Saturday last, between the Mel bourne and Carlton Clubs, resulted in a drawn game. It appears that tbe metropolitans obtained two goals in less than an hour, and of course won the match. At the Sandridge police court yesterday, Ben jamin Baker, a Beaman on board the British Ship Golden Empire, was charged with stealing a purse costaining £15, the property of Mrs Lucy Sigmontb, matron on board that vessel. It appeared that last Thursday the matron missed a box containing the purse from her cabin, and that shortly after the box was found broken open in another part of the ship. On Saturday the prisoner changed a £5 Bank of Euglard note at the Freemasons' Hotol, Sand ridge, and asked tho bar girl to keep £4 of it for him. The prisoner was afterwards arrested, and on the note being shown the prosecutrix, it was found ta correspond with the number of tho one Bhe had lost. Further inquiries were made, and it was discovered that on Thursday afternoon the prisoner had gone down into the cabins for the purpose of searching the passengers' bunks, and on return ing to the deck he told two of the crew that he had found a purse containing £6, which he divided with them. Tho magistrates, i finding that the matron waa about to leavo the : colony, decided to deal with the case summarilj and sentenced the prisoner to Bix months' imprison ment, with hard labor. The two sailors to wbon the prisoner had given £2 each requested the cap tain to pay the matron the amount, and deduct i from their wages. Mary Crawford was fined 10s and 2a 61 coats, for using abusive language Messrs Call and Thomas were upon the bench. In the case of Prowse v. M'Ewan, heard at th- county court, yesterday, before his Honor J adge Pohlman, the defendant was sued for £1G, being the value of a horse killed in n collision which tool place recently in Elizabeth-street, between vehicles belonging to the plaintiff and defendant respectively. His Honor, judging that the fault lay with tbe latter, gave a verdict for £11, with £3 3s costs. Mi Newton appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr F. L. Smyth for the defendant. Tbo only other case ol importance was that of Jacotnb (official assignee) v M'Anley, which was an action brought to recover £35, the value of a horso and car unlawfully taken from the premises of one Peacock, nn insolvent, by the defendant, who claimed to have a bill of sale over the property so taken away. The bill ol sale was for £45, bat it was stated on tho plaintiff's part that only £20 had been due by the insolvent to M'Auley, and that the bill of sale was given for £45 in order to prevent the other creditors seizing the property. His Honor gave a verdict for the plaintiff for the full amount claimed. Dr. Mackay appeared for tha plaintiff, and Mr G. P. Smith for the defendant. The case revealed some rather strange proceedings, which will no doubt be further investigated. The sitting at the insolveat court, yesterday, only occupied a few minutes. A first and only meeting was held in the estate of Thomas Sexton, of Ironbark, miner. One or two debts were proved, and the moeting closed. The court then rose. At the Prahran police court, yesterday, Christina Gallagher summoned her husband, Peter Gallagher, for an assault. It appeared that the assault arose out of an accusation tho plaintiff had made against her husband of criminally assaulting his grandchild, aged five years. The child had been medically examined, and. the result had been such as to entirely clear tho defendant of the serious charge that had beon brought against him. The assault upon the plaintiff was proved, and tho bench, taking into consideration the provocation given to the defendant, fined him 10s, and 23i G1 costs. Wil liam Leo was fined 5s for being drunk. John Parker was fined 5s for being drunk aud disorderly, and Ss for assaulting the police. Messrs Templeton and Crews were upon the bench. A deputation from tho Whittlesea district was in troduced to the Minister of Lands, yesterday, by Mr M'Caw, M.L.A., aud Mr Walkins, M.L.A. Tho object of the deputation was to request tbe with drawal from salo of an allotment forming a portion of the Whittlesea farmers' common, ou tho ground tbnt the managers had made considerable improve ments thereupon. . Having heard the arguments of the deputation at some length, Mr Grant said that he was unable to comply with their request, as the improvements in question had been already valued, and an ample allowance made on thtir account. The proceedings in the Kew Lunatic Asylum ar j titration case were to have been continued yester day, bnt they wero unavoidably postponed. Mr James J. Brennan delivered the fourth lec ture of the session in connection with the Mel bourne Catholic Young Men's Society, last oven ing. The subject, ' Tho Life and Times of Father Mathew,' was ably treated, and received the warmest approbation from the large audience assembled. Tbe president of the society announced that a leoture on the ' Life of Wolfe Tone' would be delivered in a fortnight by Brother James O'Leary. In the juries of twelve court, yosterday, tho pro tracted trial of Crooks v. Ormerod was at length concluded. The verdict was for the plaintiffs, damages £2800, tbe highest sum recoverable nnder the Merchant Shipping Act. In the juries of four court, the only action tried was Adams v. Wilson, an action by a Bquatter, residing near Tallarook, against a . ' free selector ' occupying land in the same district, for alleged illegal impoundings of sheep. The jury found for the defen dant. In the equity court, piobate of the will of William Kelly was refused, on the ground that the document had been Bjgned before (in order of time) the signature of the tostator him self was affixed to it. Probate of tho will of Thos. Fulton, a joint will of testator and his wife, was granted as of tho will of the testator only, he being dead, but the wife being still living. Au order was granted to tho curator of intestate estates lo ad minister the real estate of Thomas Qaayle. Argu ments in the suit of Parlo v. the Harp of Erin Gold Mining Company were partly heard, and will bo resumed on the sitting of the court to-day. The monthly meeting of the Victorian Horticul tural Improvement Society was held, yesterday evening, at the mechanics' institute ; the president, Mr J. T. Smith) M.L.A., in the chair. A statement of the funds of the society was submitted, showing a balance of £G8 19s lid. The reading of a paper by Mr Ferguson, on forests and their influence on the climate, was posfpoued to tho next monthly moeting. Some exhibits consisting of vegetables and flowors were adjudicated upon, and received a second class certificata of merit. Tho fifth of a series of penny readings took place in the ball of the mechanics' institute, Emerald-hill, last evening. Thero was a very largo attendance, and Mr Fawssett took the chair. The selections included the usual variety of serious and comic pieces, alternated at intervals with songs. The entertainment seemed to give un mixed satisfaction lo tho audience, who w;re very demonstrative in expressing their approval at the termination of each piece. Tho amenities of civilised life seem to be but little understood at Wood's Peint, judging from the following, which we take from Saturday's Times : — ' In the caso of Hayes v. Walsh, hoard at the police court yesterday, the defendant was fined £5, or fourteen days' imprisonment, for assaulting Mr Hayes during tho late municipal election. Mr Ake hurst, who was the only magistrate on the bench, stated that he was determined to put down, as far as he could, the assaults which wore from time to time being committed in tho public Btroets, and wonld punish, as far as tho law would allow him, any thing of the kind that camo under his juris diction. It ia with much pleasure that wo record Mr Akehnrst's determined action of severity in all such matters. Wood's Point i3 becoming a word of reproach in consequence of tho quarrels and street fights which are so fre quently occurring. One man can scarcely say to another, ' Good morning,' without being told that he is a liar, a thief, a scoundrel, a loafer, or some auch polite remark. Were these vulgar terms used by bullock drivers of by-gone days, they would sim ply bo looked upon as the language of a class of men who knew no better, and might form the sub ject of an amusing story over a glass of grog; but when men in position say such things, then society has become demoralised, and it is time that the dignity and supremacy of the law was asserted. We would be very sorry to see the revolver and bowie knife introduced into our community, but unless some stringent measures are adopted to protect the peaceably dioposed against the pugilistic ruf fianism whioh has become so prevalent in onr township, then every man will bo com pelled to carry about with him his own protector;' From the same journal wa extract the following : — ' We need not attempt to shut our eyos to the fact that tha valuo of property in Wood's Point is no longer what it has kioen. AV^out twelve monthi ago tbe preaQMt proprietor of the American Hotel refused £900 Jor hia premises ; yeatarday the estab lisbment wai offered to the public by auction, and \- bought in at £215, showing a reduction in value of a something like seventy-fivo per cent. We are not \- prepared to say that all property in our township t has fallen in the same ratio, but we may safely na sert that there has been a depreciation of at least fifty per cent, on all properties within the munici pality during tbe past year. We have always en 2 deavored to look at the bright side of passing events, ) bnt we are obliged to confess that ' hope deferred r maketh the heart sick.' ' Bulwer Lytton's fine play, ' Money,' was brought ont at the Theatre Royal, last evening, in a Btyle I which reflected considerable credit upon the manage ment. There was a capital cast of the characters, and it would bo difficult to take any reasonable exception to the manner iu which the performers, one and all, sustained the interest of a piece which, from tha peculiar nature of its merits, many competent critics havo pronounced more suitable to the study than the stage. Mr Hoskins was a capital Evelyn, displaying a dignity of demeanor and enun ciation which may have surprised those accustomed to see him only iu comic parts, the' only improve i ment we might suggest being tho infusion , of a little more passiou into some of the . love scenes. Mr J. C. Lambert found ad , mirablo Bcopa for his humorous powers in the character of bluff, artful, old Sir John Vesey. Mr C. Hall was something more than amusing as the conceited fop Lord Glossmore. Mr E. Stewart was , a capital Graves ; and Mr Vincent would be entitled , to similar praise as Sir Frederick Blount, bat that his action seemed occasionally a little too demon strative. Miss Cleveland represented Clara with her usual grace and pathos, an admirable set off to tier somewhat lachrymose role being tho vivacity of Mrs Alfred Phillips as Lady Franklyn. As Georgina, Miss A. M. Qainn also acted very creditably, especially as the character is anything but an amiable ono. There was a good audience ; and as the same performance is announced for this evening, we presume the managers have re solved upon furnishing the public, in futnro, with a class of entertainment superior to that which has for some time appeared on tha boards of the Riyat. At the Princess's, last evening, the performances were unusually varied, and all good of their kind. ^ Tho chief attraction was ' The R ig Picker of Paris.' — a drama of the 'sensational' school, of course, since this seems to be indispensable to the tasto of those who ' most do cojgregate ' in thisjtheatro ; but it is positively mild in comparison with rooent entertainments, anu it i3 decidedly enjoyable — after the manner of melodramas. The chief interest centred in Jacques Didier, the Rag Picker, and Marie Didier, his daughter, and these parts wero ably supported by Mr Stanley and Miss Louise Arnot. After this followed Professor Ste vens's ' unique entertainment,' decidedly a mor vellons display of jugglery aud acrobatism. Mr Walter Airey's Dutch melody aud election speech excited considerable merriment, as did ' The Spit fire,' a nautical farce, which wound up the night. Tho Bime performanco is to bo repeated this evening. There was an extremely good attendance at tho Haymarket Theatre last evening, to witness the se cond psrformanco of Foley's Californian Circus Company. No company of the kind has exhibited such wonderful feats of horsemanship and acrobat ism in Melbourne — the performance of Mons. Bird on the corde volante alone displaying almost super human agility. The Christy's Minstrels are as great favorites as over, judging from the large and respectable audience at the Polytechnic last evening. The performance of the Minstrels themselves is now too well known to need special notice. Miss Geraldine Warden is an extremely valuable acquisition to the company. She was in capital voice last night, and tbo enthusiastic applause of the audience was well deserved by her combination of taste and artistio skill. 