GENERAL NEWS. COLLISION WITH THE BLACKS AT LAKE HOPE. —Hitherto it has been thought that the worst our settlers in the Far North had to fear from the blacks was petty, thefts of mutton or the occasional murder of a shepherd; but something has just happened at Lake Hope which seriously shakes our confidence in the traditional theory. It appears there is a tribe at Perigundee with a dash of Maori blood in them —"fine powerful fellows," they are called —who can handle spears and waddies to some purpose. Near to them is a squatt ing settlement —that of the Hon. Thomas Elder —composed, no doubt, also of a "fine powerful fellows" who can hold their own against all and sundry. One of the latter, Mr. Henry Dean, writing from Lake Hope some time ago an extract of which communica tion appeared in our columns — stated his intention of going out shortly to let the natives know he was come back to the neighbourhood. Since then he had been out it seems, and the, results have proved somewhat serious. In justice to him, however, we must observe that his real reason for going was much more important than might be inferred from his own words. Feed was growing scarce at Lake Hope, and as he knew that at a short distance further north abundance of it was obtainable, he thought that his duty to his employers required him to attempt to reach it. There was only one obstacle in the way —these Perigundee natives who occupy the country. No doubt Mr. Dean had done all he could to effect a peaceable removal, but from some cause as yet unknown he came into collision with the Perigundeeans; perhaps they had taken the opportunity to do a little in the plundering line, or they may have offered opposition simply from patriotic motives. At all events a collision ensued, and Mr. Dean seems to have thought it necessary to adopt severe measures. He burnt down three of the native camps, and sent out a party of four men to clear the country northward. For a time these tactics succeeded well enough, and Mr. Dean got settleed down in his new quarters at Perigundee, about thirty miles north of Lake Hope. His party was nine in number —all well armed. One moonlight night, about 9 o'clock, they were assembled in their camp, when a band of natives fell upon them suddenly with spears and waddies. Judging from its issue the conflict must have been sharp and decisive. Six out ot the nine whites were wounded —one very seriously (Chas. Newmau), three slightly (Reynolds, Herbert James, and Archy McKinnon), while the other two (Mr. Dean and Rooke) sustained considerable damage from waddies. The three who escaped unhurt were Frank James, William Edmunds, and T Adams. In short the party saved them selves with difficulty. All their horses they lost, the natives having driven, them away. On the side of the latter the only casualty reported is one killed; he is said to have been shot by Rooke, but no doubt many of his brethren had carried away ugly marks with them. They afterwards encamped in the neigh bourhood to the number of 200, so that the handful of whites must still be in a very pre carious situation. The ominous news detailed above was brought to town yesterday by Mr. Hack. We believe that Mr. John Jaoob, of Parallane, communi cated by letter also to the Hon. T. Elder. It was brought to Parallians, or rather to Hamilton Creek, the new Police Station in that district, by Police-trooper Gason, who had been North apprehending a native sup posed to have been impliciated in the murder of Mr Jacob's shepherd. Immedi ately after its receipt in town the Hons. T. Elder and Jno. Baker had an interview with the Commissioner of Police, the result of which was the dispatch of a telegram to In spector Roe, at Port Augusta, to collect as many troopers as he could get, and proceed direct to Lake Hope. It is said Mr Elder intends supplementing this relief party by one on his own account, to be sent up under the direction of Mr. Hack. Few among us but will join in the hope that the Maori element at Perigundee will be promptly checked. If it manifests itself further it will have to be dealt with on a large and ex pensive scale; then would appear the not very creditable anomaly of Englishmen fighting for a country which they consider hardly worth holding on any terms. EXTRAORDINARY YIELD OF WOOL. - Mr R. G.. Yeomans has fovoured us with the sight of a letter from Mr Joshua Rose, Manager of Pallal station, Gwydir River, giving the weight of two remarkably heavy fleeces just shorn there. Mr. rose had observed in the Mercury a paragraph recently published stating two sheep of Mr. G. T. Loder's had yielded 20 lb and 10½ lb of wool, the first being, however, a two years clip. Mr. Rose says he obtained from a fat ewe, two years old, sixteen pounds of wool, one years fleece, and from a fat ram of the same age fifteen pounds of wool, also one year's fleece. The Pallal sheep are, Mr. Yeomans informs us, the usual fine woolled merino sheep, bred solely from rams and ewes obtained from Mr. W. J. Dangar's station, Myall Creek. These extraordinary yields of wool are now doubt principally an accidental circumstance, confined to one or two animals out of several flocks.; but it is partly owing, we are told to the fact that Mr. Loder's two sheep were part of a small lot allowed to roam at pleasure about the homestead, eating and lying down as they pleased, never shepherded or driven about, and always having abun dance of good food. And the two Pallal sheep were also part of a small special lot similarly treated. - Maitland Mercury, Dec. 2. THE FIRST TRAVELLERS IN SOUTH AUS TRALIA. - At the 120th weary mile the cliffs broke for the first time, and there was a ravine to the sea. The blacks had told them of water hereabouts, to be got by digging, but their ideas of distance were as vague as those of Melville's South Sea Islander. " How ole l is? Berry ole. Thousand year? More." The question was, " Was that the place?" It is as useless to speculate what would have become of the expedition had there not hap pened a lucky accident, as it was for Mrs Wilfer to calculate on what would have happened to her daughter Lavinia, if she, Mrs Wilfer, never got married. " With all due respect, Ma, 1 don't think you know either." A lucky accident did occur, how ever. Eyre passed this, the wrong valley in the dark, and at daybreak found himself so far beyond it that he halted in an agony of doubt as to whether he should go back or not. He saw, however, miles ahead, that the cliff had receded from the sea, and that there was more promise of some drain of underground water ahead. He decided to go on, and at the 135th mile, came upon sandhills, with a few holes which the natives had dug for water. Try to realize this for yoarselves. Fancy being alone in London, with the depopulated ruins of it all around, and having to lead a horse to the nearest available water at Glou cester, in burning weather, through deep sand. Who would do it for a bet ? And this with a knowledge that there was worse to come. But why enlarge on it ? This Eyre expedition is entirely without parallel; and so comfortably forgotten too! They scraped away about five feet of sand that night and watered the horses, now five days without drink, and unabIe to feed on such miserable grass as there was, for sheer choking drought. Please to notice this fact, you readers who are interested about horses. It strikes .one as being curious and somewhat new. There is no much insatiable drunkard as your horse, but see what he can do if he is pushed.- Henry Kingley in Macmillan's Magazine for October. WBBTBBifAITSTEAUA.-^-tAs *. the squafc ters of South-Australia--.seem doomed,.to' annihilation^ having <to choose, between -a spegdy death - at the hamda. of Messrs. Giyde and Strangways on the one hand, ana a more lingering, though not less certain fate under a somewhat.milder-measured Cabinet on the otherrit;may"be well to jioint out one place of refuge whei^ our working bees may yet gather honey fara more wisely governed colony. Western Australia offers ber Sastoral lands in blocks of 10,000 acres for lie term of eight years at. an annual rental of £5 per each block of 10,000 acres,. with;a pre-emptive right to purchase at iOs. per acre any quantity '- not exceeding two acres . for eaclL-huudred acres of the run. Tha action of this Government have utterly des troyed all confidence on the part of the tenants of the Crown, some of our enter prising squatters have already availed them selves or the above; liberal regulations, and are now preparing" to remove from South Australia.; Several . blocks have been lately selected , by sgttlew - who have examined for themselves/' arid consider the dreaded poison ous weed to be much overrdte.d, and to be confined to a certain distance from the sea line. After driving out several of dur most energetic settlers with, their capital- and establishments, it will be well for Adelaide to ask how far she is likely to realise the j promises of cheap meat and increased Centals made by the political Quixotes and stump orators, whilst it seems ccrtain that the loss | of our bees must necessarily involve the loss i of her honey.-Register. , I . SNAKS BITES ANP AN ANIDOTB.-Our Olen Innes correspondent Says:-" It may not be out of place and may bo useful to mention a singular encounter I had with a snake and how I was cured. Some few j months back I was leading my saddle and | pack horses through a thick scrub, when I heard the hiss of a snake, and before I could j avoid the danger I was bitten,on the hand, j I despatched the reptile with aoy whip before ! he reached my horses. Having done so I scarified the wound jvith my_ knife and sucked it. I generally carry ipecacuanha powder and strong liquid ammonia in my valise. I rubbed some of the powder into the wound, and then applied some of the ammonia. I fortunately had a flask of brandy in my pouch; of it I took a good draught. As soon as I got out of the scrub I made all haste on my road. After riding some 15 or 20 minutes I came to a creek; I dismounted and washed the wound, applied some more powder ammonia, finished what remained in my flask, mounted, and rode the the last eight miles of my journey at a good pace; arrived at my inn I ordered dinner, which' I enjoyed; on going to bed I applied a bread and water poultice. That nigiit I slept well, and the next morning without feeling any inconvenience beyond having to plaster the wound."-Clarence and Richmond Examiner. Lotus NAPOLEON AND MR. HOME.--When Spirit-rapping became fashionable, it found a protectress in the Countess Engenie de Montijo. Even at the early date she had an eye on Louis Napoleon, and took every op portunity of confirming herself in her lover's favour. She won over the red-haired ghost seer, Home, and induced him to perform a hociispOcus before the President, which could not fail in its effects, owing to his fatalistic tendencies. Louis Napoleon once sent for Home, and asked him whether be could evoke the spirit of the Kmperor? Home set his instrument in motion, and soon said that the Emperor's spirit was ready to answer. Louis Napoleon invited it to tell him something about his future. Home twirled the psy chograph, and the disk sent forth letters, out of which Home composed the two words " Je monte." This had been Louis Napoleon's mottoo in earlier years. But the psyctiograph produced two additional letters- an "i' and an " o.1 This apparently was nonsense; for ! u montio" had no meaning. Louis Napoleon, I however, arranged the letters in his way, and they produced the word " Montijo*'-and that j was the name of his lady love. _ The fatalist had sufficient matter for reflection, and felt j more attached than ever to Eugenie ; for ^ it seemed to him an omen that her family name contained his motto of " Je monte." ' Napoleon the Third and his Court. By a Retired Diplomatist. : THE CHINESE TALLOW CANDLE.-My attention was called to-day to the in^^-*y , with which thp ^*inese tailow candle is ' I constructed, so as fQ prevg^ guttering-the j outer coat being a thin envelope of wax, which I dissolving more slowly than the tallow forms j a ledge about a fourth of an inch round the tallow in solution, and thus its running down I the sides is completely prevented. Whilstour candle is placed in the candlestick, the Chinese candle-stick is placed in the candle on the principle of a , "saveall," an improvement which, in combination with the wax envelope to the tallow candle, an inch round might be introduced f.;r the benefit of the poorer classes in our own country.-British Arms in China and Japan. ENGLISH AND AMERICAN ELOQUENCE. " In patriotic eloquence," says a contempo rary. " our American stump-speakers beat the world. They don't stand up and prose away so as to put an audience to sleep, after the lazy, genteel, aristocratic style of British Parliamentary speech-making." We are fi lly satisfied of the justice of this boast. T. e:e is a vigor about the popular patriotic style of American oratory, that we are suro lias never been equalled in the British Par liament. An interior paper (which we quote at second hand), in paying a glowing tribute to the eloquence of the Fourth of July orator, who officiated in the town where said journal is published, says:-"Although he had a p'at form ten feet square to ' orate' upon, he got so fir id up with patriotism that it wasn't half b:g enough' to hold him; his fist collided three times with the President of the day, besides ' bunging the eye of the reader of the Declaration, and every person on the stage left it limping.'" That is a style of oratory calculated to leave durable impres sions, and to be felt as well as heard.-San Francisco Newsletter. A VOLUNTEER VIVAKDIERE.-The Leeds Intelligencer says a vivandiere appeared for the first time.in that town at the inspection, a . few days ago, of the Leeds Volunteer Engineer- " She marched in front of the regiment escorted by a sergeant on each side. One of the officers of the Leeds Engi neers being in France a short time ago, and seeing «. regiment of the line on the march with a. vivandiere in full uniform marching at the head of the regiment behind the band, was so much pleased with the evident use fulness of such an officer, that he volun teered to supply the dress and accoutre ments for one. A young lady undertook the office. Her dress was a copy front the uniform of the French vivandiere, but with the colours of the Engineers. The jacket is scarlet with three rows of silver buttons; petticoat, Oxford grey, with three stripes of garter Blue and scarlet; trousers, garter lue, with outside broad soarlet stripe; white shirt-collar, with blue tie; French white apron, with pockets, and trimmed with blue and scarlet; white gannlets and kid gloves ; straw hat covered with black oiled silk, and scarlet and blue cockade with streamers ; a regulation pouch belt, to which was strung a barrel. containing a quart of fine old cognac brandy; laced boots of black patent leather and- red ;morocco. When the regiment marched past Colonel Wombwell, the in ? sp'ecting; officer, in review order, she marched alone - in jfront of Lieutenant-Colonel Child and Major Smith, and was much admired by all who saw Ker.*' MARRIAGE NOTICES.--A Western paper gives tb'e following notice'?' All notices of marriage wher6 no bridecake is sent will be set- up : in..-small type; and poked into some outtendishj corner of the paper. Where a handsome' ?jpifece of. cake is sent it will be put conspicuously in large letters; when gloves or. other bride'favors are added a piece ofjllys trative poetry will be given''in addition. When, however, the editor attends the cere mony in propria persona, and kigses! the bride. it will have especial notice, very large type, and the most appropriate poetry that can be begged, borrowed, stolen, or coined from the brain editorial."-The American Joe Miller. DOMESTIC MAGAZINES.--Wives who are always blowing up their husbands. The ladies are so vain of their hair that they are proud of getting it into papers. THERE are six or eight regular female physicians in Philadelphia, whose daily practice is equal to that of the average of uiale physicians. * One of them keeps tbreo horses in constant use. THE MkMBEB roft " S^E^P."-Eloquence his not entirely died out. The following.is given as a Verbatim report- m tlie: Illinois House of Assembly-:-tk Mr. Speaker, :I think sheep is paramount to- dogs, Mid our laws hadn't oiighter be so that dogs can commit ravages on sheep." (Laughter, and cries of "That's so,") " Up where I live, sheep is more account than dogs, and although you may tell me that dogs is useful, still I say, on the other hand, that sheep is usefuller; and show me the man that represents dogs on the floor, and that dogs are more important than sheep, and I will show you a man that is tantamount to know; nothing. Mr. Speaker, I am through." NATIONAL PECULIARITIES.-Abet was once made in London, that, by a single question proposed to an Englishman, a Scotchman, and an Irishman, a characteristic reply would be elicited from each of them. Three representative laborers were accordingly called in, and .^separately asked-" What will -you take to run round Russell-square stripped to the shir?" While the Englishman un hesitating answered, "a pint of porter," the humorous response of the Irishman was, " A mighty great cold!" The man of the North, however, instead of condescending upon any definite " consideration," caustically replied with an eye to a good bargain, " What will your honor gie me ?" A lady, playfully condemning the wearing of whiskers and moustaches, declared:-"It is one of the fashions I invariably set my face against.''' When the celebrated Beau Nash was ill, Dr Cheyne wrote a prescription for him. The next day the doctor coming to see his patient, enquired if he had followed his pres cription. "No truly, doctor," said Nash; "If I had I should have broken my neck, for I threw it out of a two-pair-of-stairs window." ~At Saratoga races, a lady told me that she had.28,000 dollars' worth of diamonds in her hair; that she: felt perfectly safe, as no pick pockets were admitted within the gates, and her husband had put a policeman behind her, with nothing else to do but see that her dia mond head suffered no violation.-American Paper. A FOOLISH SUPEHSTITION.-There is a curious superstition entertained by many men in regard to will-making. They imagine that their death will quickly follow the disposition of their property. A nobleman who died many years ago was possessed of great estates entirely in his own power, which he always expressed his intention of leaving to his wife's two nephews, to whom he was warmly attached, and whose eldest son he had desired to be named after him. But he al ways procrastinated about his will. When he was in London he said it should be made when he got to W castle: when at the latter place it was postponed until his return to London. So the will was never made; the property passed to a sister to whom he had not spoken for years, and in regard to whom he had been.heard to say, with an oath, that if she entered the room at one door he would go out at the other; and one of his wife's nephews had considerable difficulty in re covering the sum of L3,000, which he had lent his uncle when he happened to be short of ready money.-Fraser's Magazine. " Sam, why am members of Parliament like | de fishes?" '' I don't meddle wid the subjec,' | Pomp." "Why, don't ye see nigga, because ! dey am so fond ob debate," A person's character Spends a good deal j upon his bringing up. For inst^,: s man whQ l,as "been brought up by the police seldom tarns out respectable. A country schoolmaster thus describes a money-lender:-" Reserves you in the present tense-lends you in the conditional mood keeps you in the subjunctive- and ruins you in the "future." A quarrelsome, fashionable, fighting bully was reported to.a convivial company as being dead, having been shot in a duel. " Shot," exclaimed one rf the party; " then upon my work he has died a natural death." TheCarih,-wbo being asked If he-remembered a certain benevolent missionary, calmly re plied, " lie was a good man. I ate part of him." 