R EC EPTIO N AND PRO FES­ SIO N OF SISTERS OF M ERCY AT M ELBOURNE. The religious ceremonies of reception and profession were performed yesterday, with the impressive solemnity peculiar to the Roman Catholic Church, in the chapel of the Nicholson-street convent. The Right Rev. Bishop Goold, was the celebrant, and the clergy in attendance were the Rev. Fathers Lentaigne, S.J., Barry, Finn, O’Driscoll, England, Corbett, and O’M eara. There were two candidates for admission, the one for reception receiving the white veil, and the other for profession, after a two years’s novitiate, the black veiL The services commenced a t ten o’clock, by which hour the chapel was crowded w ith visitors, present by invitation from the mother superior ana community. The ceremony of reception w as first performed. A t the appointed hour a procession Was formed, the members bearing lighted tapers, aud the novice elect having received the superioress’s blessing and the name she was to receive in religion, was conducted to the sanctuary steps, the choir singing the hymn, “ O Gleriosa.” Prayers set apart for the purpose were then read, and the bishop blessed the wax candle, The novice elect was next conducted to th e altar, where kneeling she re - ceived the candle from the bishop as an emblem of the inward light to dispel all the darkness of ignorance or error. Having answered the queries as to her voluntary acceptance of the holy habit, fitness for the office, and determination to persevere in it to her life’s end, according to the formula, her secular dress was removed during the singing of psalms and devotional motetts. The bishop blessed the new habit, sprinkling the veil with holy water, and further prayers were recited for the cleansing of the postulant. The novice received the cincture from the bishop at the altar, aud was girded with it by the superioress. The celebrant then placed the blessed veil on her head, as the emblem of inward purity, and it was fastened on by the superioress, who also habited her in the church cloak. The novice then uttered a formal renunciation of the world, and a t the end of the Quern Vidi, chanted by the choir, prostated herself before the altar, remaining prone until the conclusion of the services, when the bishop sprinkled her with holy water, and she arose aud embraced the other members of the order present. The black veil and ring were blessed at the altar by the bishop. The second novice was interrogated according to the appointed form, and solemn mass was said. The novice then received from the mother assistant the act of profession, which she pronounced, while the bishop elevated the sacrament,and then signed, receivingafterwardsthe Holy Communion. The intervening prayers and psalms having been read and sung, the newly professed received the black veil, the emblem of chastity and modesty, and kneeled to the bishop, who placed the blessed ring on the third finger of her left hand, saying, “ May Jesus hrist, the son of the living God, ho has now espoused the, protect he from all danger. Receive then he ring of faith, the seal of the Holy Ghost, that thou mayest be called the spouse of Christ, and if thou art faithful, be crowned with him for ever.” The newly professed responded, " I am espoused to Him whom the angels serve, and at whose beanty the sun and moon stand in wonder.” The ceremony terminated w ith observances similar to those incident to the right of reception. A brief sermon on the celebration was preached by the Rev. Father Lentaigne, and tho benediction being pronounced, all retired processionally, as they entered. The whole of the music was performed by the convent choir, and under the direction of Proffessor Hughes, and a Gregorian mass was very efficiently sung. After the religious services were over, the visitors partook of an excellent dejeuner, served in the convent, about 160 persons sitting down to the repast.— ‘Argus,’ 19th October. 