MONDAY, AUGUST 13, 1866. Trra important news brought by tba Ellora, and telegraphed from Adelaide, will be found fully detailed in another part of tbis paper. As usual, .the telegrams aro somewhat con- fused, but they are sufficiently explicit to enablé us to arrive at general conclusions. Tho attempts at negotiation having failed, a simultaneous movement appears.to bavo been made by Italy and Prussia, the troops of tho former having marohod upon Verona, and the army of the latter having invaded Saxony, Bohemia, and Hanover, assuming, in faot, tho mastership of tho German States, as we had suggested would be the case if tho outbreak of war could not bo averted. The enormous military power of Prussia had, overrun the whole of - Germany, and all the smaller digni- taries of those States had been driven into Bubmission or rotreat. Great losses appear to have ;. been . sustained on both sides ; but while thus tho aggressive policy of Prussia was successful on ' one hand, on the other, it increased 'tho military resources of Austria-the, Gorman States being compelled, in self-defonoe. to array themselves with that power. Prussia, it will be seen, finding it impossible to carry on her designs by other means, had renounced her connection with the Germania Confederation, and thus cast the issue upon the question of dominion in all Germany. In tho meantime the Italians in- vaded the Austrian provínoos, and appear to have at first sustained a defeat- GARIBALDI and ono of the sins of tho Italian King being wounded; but subsequently they rallied, and another corps of tho army, under General OIALDINI, turned the soale so much in favour of tho invaders that Austria, engaged at the same time in resisting Prussia, appears at ? last to have accepted the mediation of France, and surrendered Venetia to that power. Acoording to our telegrams, this cession had causod some discontent in Italy; but we aro inclined to believe that it is merely preliminary to the ter- ritory being handed over to tho Italians, leaving Franco to aot as mediator in tho fur- ther matter of territorial compensation. It is easy to see that in this way Austria leaves her hands free to cope with Prussia, Aided by all tho German States, and leaving France to deal with any further invasion of Venetia by the . Italian forces, Austria will, in all proba- bility, succeed in crushing tho aggressive spirit of Prussia, and establish herself as the leading power in Germany. The presence of a Fronoh fleet in the Adriatic sea doeB not mean war against Italy, but must operate as a ohcok for the present upon the warlike pro- ceedings of that country. It is stated'that tho cession of Venetia has given great dissa- tisfaction, but it may be found hereafter that the Italians have no cause for discontent! The surrender to a third power in some dogreo saves the pride of Austria, although it may wound tho vanity of the Italians that they were not permitted to conquer the province for themselves. In view of this state of affairs, the reported reply of the Emperor of tho French to tho British Ambassador, on the subjeot of united inter- vention, loses muehof its unfriendly character. Tho Emperor is reported to have said, in effect, that as England had formerly refused his proposals for a Congress, ho oould not now assume the responsibility of events. Even on the supposition - that this report is not an exaggeration, it is fully consistent with the maintenance of the most amicable relations between England and France. It must be remembered that when the Emperor made his proposals for a Congress all the other great powers of Europe, with the exception of Great Britain, gave their assent, and it is not surprising that some feelings of mortification should cause tho rebuff to be retorted. But tho actual intervention of Franco betwoon Italy and Austria, is a fact of greater signifi- cance. It would bo absurd to suppose that the Government of France has any idea of retaining possession of Venetia. The whole course of events leads to tho conclusion that the Rhino provinces are what France is aiming at, and it is very reasonable to suppose that she will succeed. Without actually making war upon Prussia, she leaves that Power to the meroy of all tho rest of Germany ; and if, in reward for this, tho Emperor asks for the territory on the French sido of tho Rhine, it is not very likely, that ho will meet with any violent opposition. This is mere speculation, but it seems a very reasonable oonolusion from the information at present before us. The defeat of tho Ministry of Earl RUSSELL will not oause muoh surprise. Tho course of events had led to an anticipation of such a result; but it was also supposed that it would bo followed by a dissolution of Parliament. A little reflection, however, even in the absonco of fuller intelligence, may servo to explain this. Tho Reform Bill introduced into the House of Commons by tho Ministry was extremely moderato, and caloulatod to con- ciliate all but the most obstinate opponents of popular rights ; .but as this was not aooopted, tho consequence must be, as is' usnal in all suoh cases, that a moro sweeping reform will be insisted upon. Tho late Ministry, there- fore, have acted judiciously in leaving it( to a tory .government to deal with tho . popular tempest that scorns to bo gathering. It has boen currently roportod for a long timo past that Earl RUSSELL would not again seek office if ob- liged to rotiro from tho Ministry. Ho is now sovonty-four yoara old, and needs repose after his long and activo publie lifo. His suc- cessor, Earl DKUBY, lias readied tho ripe age of soventy-sovon, and, even in tho case of comparative private lifo for 'tub last fourteen years, has not onjoyod good hoalth. Tho timo is ovidontly at hand ,whon tho two earls must rotiro from tho parliamentary arena, and leave tho holm of State to moro vigorous hands-to tho hands of men of the day, who aro oquti to its necessities. There can hardly be .a doubt that, excepting acoidonts, Mr. GLADSOWNH will bo tho next Primo [.Minister of England, nod «111 have associated with, /. liim'T^mon, ' '.who W¡J] carry through a measure of electoral reform'" oomparod "'with'- whioh1'' tho last will bo regarded as conservative. ' It, is quite impossible that tho present Cabinet can endure. The troubled state of Europe has no doubt had considerable influence in preventing tho late Ministry from appealing'to tho country ; and, so far as foreign policy ÍB concerned, tho Derby Government may bo equal to tho situation ; but in Matters of domestic polioy it is out of tho question for thom so expeotthe confidence of tho people Mr. DISRAELI, notwithstand- ing his brilliant talents, is tho devoted slave of old and worn- out Toryism, and all the other members of tho Cabinet aro to match. As to our own share in it-tho Earl of CARNARVON, Secretary for tho Colonies-if his lord- ship is not distinguished for tho same kind of mischievous interference which has characterised his . predecessor, Mr. CARDWELL, ho has yet , pnlyl made himself known to Australians in a verypeurilo capacity. Ho will bo remembered as the in- ventor of tho uniform, or livery, which dis- tinguished Australian statesmen might be per- mitted to wear on application, and which, if wo mistake not, one or two applied for allow- ance to wear accordingly. Tho chango of Ministry, taken altogether, seems to indicato' a coming chango of much greater importance in the political government of tho United Kingdom. We observe that tho case of Mrs. RYVES and her extraordinary claim is alluded to in the telegrams. Very full particulars of this case, including copies of many of the docu- ments which that lady produced in assorted proof of hor descent from King. GEORGE the Second, wcro published in the Empiro of Friday last. It was not at all likoly that her suit could be successful. We havo only a few days later news from America, and the very slight notice taken of the lata Fenian irruption in to Canada shows that it had not created any great sensation. From Spain, however, there is intelligence of another military revolt, suppressed no doubt remorselessly enough, by General NARVAEZ. Tho Jamaica inquiry has ended very unsatis- factorily. Governor EYRE is applauded for his vigour and promptitude in originating tho butcheries and torture that ocourrcd, but it is deolarcd that tho hangings and tho floggings were exoossivo and - that Mr. EYRE cannot be permitted to resume tho Government of jamaica. Ko wonder that this most impotent conclusion has given risc to an outcry for tho trial of tho late Governor for tho murder of Mr. GORDON. The commercial nows, taking all circum- stances into consideration, is much more favourable than might havo been exp ectcd. A great European war, coupled with other de- pressing circumstances, might havo led to an anticipation of much more disastrous intelli- gence. A telegram, indeed, reached Sydney on Saturday night to tho effect that the price of wool had declined twenty per cent. ; but it will bo seen that this was a great exaggeration, and that, with the exception of Fort Phillip clips, the staplo had maintained a fair rate. The funds, also, are more buoyant than might have bcon supposed ; and; on the whole, tho news, warlike as it is, gives no confirmation to the more gloomy forebodings that had pro ceded it. Girr Council»-Tho usual fortnightly mooting; of tho City Municipal Council will bo hold nt 8 o'clock this afternoon, at tho Town Hall, Wynyard-square. LATE-MATSOH AT THE INFIRMARY/.-A large num- ber of friends will loam with regret tho announcement of Mrs. Ghost's death, which toole placo nt tho Infirmary yesterday forenoon. Mrs. Ghost was matron at this institution for about fifteen years, and six years previously as nurse. Bbc had been ailing for two or three wooks previously to hor death. CENTRAL CRIMINAL CODRT.-Tho following names have boon nddod to tho calendar i -James Camoron, murder of Dr. Greenup ; William Green, burglary ; John Wiso, assault with intent- John Bellamy, re- ceiving stolen proporty; Thomas Cooney, horse stealing; and Froderiok Goodwin, larceny. Mr.'Butler will prosoouto to- day. VOWNTEBB PAIIADH.-A. parade of tho Yoluntoer Artillory and Rifles was held on Saturday afternoon, in honour of tho eighth anniversary ot tho formation of the force. Tho Artillery and Rifles wera brigaded to- gether in the Inner Domain, and tho whola wera in- spected by Colonel Richardson. Ammunition was' tuen served oat, and tho force marched off to tho Outer Domain. Here they were divided into two battalions, and a sham fight took placo in tho direction of Mrs. Macquarie's chair. Tho enemy's boats wore supposed to have attomptod a land inf; there, and skirmishers wore thrown out to cover tho advanots of the battalion, whilst tho other noted as a reserve. The Artillery took up a good position, opened fire, repollod tho boats, and followed thom along tho margin of tho Bay. Tho force then retired, formed in line on the heights'over- ! looking Woolloomooloo Bay, and fired BO vorn 1 volleys ol' sparo ammunition. The total number present was 513\. It was expected that, according to the advertise- ment, tho badges won by tho first-class marksmen would havo bcon presented on parade ; but, from some unexplained cause, those expecting them woro disap- pointed. FniartTFOL ACCIDENT.-On Thursday ovoning, Mr. Ellis, station master at Ashfield, and Mr. Owens, traQlo managorat tho Syd noy railway station, mot with an aocidont, which is likely ta tcrminato in tho doath of the formor gentleman. It appears that Mr. Ellis went over to tho rosidoncoof Mr. Owens, at Five Dook, with nmossago. Whan returning from Fivo Dock, Mr. Ellis and Mr. Owens, ncosmpaniod by a third parson, named Donaldson, obtained ahorse and dog cart from Mr. Vidlor, of tho Five Dook Ina. As tho party wera ap- proaching tho junction of tho Five Dock with tho Pammatta-rond, at about ll o'olock, tho horso boltod down tho hill, and at tho junotion of tho two roads the cart was capsizod, tho three gontlomen being dashed.on tho ground with groat violence As soon as tho acci- dent boenmo known, tho neighbours iu tho locality woro prompt in having tho sufTorsrs removed to thoir respec- tive residences, and sending for Dr. Aylock, of Vivo Dook, who was equally prompt in attendance. Mr. Donaldson appears to havo escaped with least injurios ; Mr. Owons is sadly bruised and Bhaken by tho concus- sion, but it is said that no bones aro broken ; Mr. Ellis, however, yesterday nftornoon, was in a very precarious stato, several of his ribs having boon broken, and his head severely out. FOUND DROWNED. -The City Coroner hold an inquest on Saturday, on the body of a woman named Elizabeth Dark, aged about 53 years. Police-sergeant M'Keogh deposed that, from information received on Friday morning, he proceeded to the bottom of King- street, and there saw the body of deceased floating in the water, face downwards; he had the body removed to the dead-house, Circular Quay; on searching de- ceased, he found upon her a bottle of Worcester sauce, a charitable recommendation, signed "Jane Laidley," and two papers purporting to be charitable petition; saw no marks of violence on the body. Hannah Brown, a widow, residing in Albion-street, Surry Hills, identified the body as that of her mother. Deceased used to go out working, and sometimes she drank a little. She had been in a desponding state lately. She was in the habit of remaining away from home for a week at a time. She was sometimes seized with gid- diness after coughing severely. Dr. Hamilton, who examined the body, gave it as hisa opinion, from the history of the case. that death resulted from asphyxian, by being drowned. A verdict to this effect was re- turned, but there was no evidence to show how she got into the water. (Tun I'Aitia JCxiiiuiTioM.T-Tliu Päd».iCorruaponJont.' oí (bo Cologno Goï'olto writes.as.follo'ws relative! to the extraordinary interest evinced by half, civilised nations .with regard, to tho-Farls Universal Hxhlbltlon'of 1807,:, \--" Tho Orient will ho,very fully represented.'' Persia, . has already sont a dologato to Patio, and tho Shah ha's'; brdorcd his troasnror to havo a sum of £12,000 ready ". ' for tho purposo of procuring a complote collection of tho most beautiful products of his empire. Tho Shah ' hlmsolf superintends tho solectlon of objoots, and a caravan is already aqulppod nnd will soon leavo Te- heran. At tho samo timo Persian workmen'will ba- sent to Paris to decorate tho ¡-paco allotted to Porsin in their . nativo tasto, and thov will also ereot a number of specially Persian buildings;,' ' such as kiosks, , manufactories of opium, ar* cados, te, In tho park surrounding tho exhibition, ' building. It is tho intention to produce on exact copy ' of the throno-room, nt Teheran, in ono particular ' pavilion, that will contain fso similes of all tho splondid* carpets, paintings,' furniture, and fountains, for which, tho original throne-room is fo famous. Tho Sultan' o£" Turkey, on tho other hand, ls not going to bo distanced by his cousin tho Shah, and the allotted Bpaco has afroady bean found too small for tho largo numbor o£ oxhibits. Tho Turks will, therefore, also havo recourse to tho park, whore thoy in tond to build a genuino mina* rat, a mausoleum in tho purest Arabian stylo, and a ' completo Turkish house with divans and baths, The, ' Viceroy of Egypt has oidorod ono million francs tobo' spent for tho exhibition. All Egyptian products and exhibits will bo transported to France at tho oxpense of" tho Viceroy in tho Uno Egyptian frigs to Mahomet Ali, and-'. Nabar Pasha has boon appointed commissioner, which, ' no doubt, also implies that ho must find ways and means to provide tho above mentioned million of francs. Tho King of Slam has already despatched his first, shipload of oxhibits to Franco, and ho has requested ,"! hts resident representativo to talia caro that suificlont. j space has boon granted to Slam. Tho Japanose Govorn mont bas opened a credit for 200,000 francs with a.* Paru banking firm, nnd it has already announced that a large cargo ÍB preparing and that neighbouring vassals . havo promised their co-oporntivo assistance. Last, but not least, tho Emperor of Morocco, who at present is . vory ill, has informed tho commission that ho intends ta display nil tho richos of his empire, provided that liboral space be allowed him,'.', THE Caora--Tho wonthor lately has been nil that could bo desired by tho agriculturist, and tho crops- ? both look hoalthy and not too forward. Tho whoat gonorally, is littlo moro than stooled out, and has an., excollont oolour. In ono crop- of barley we obsorvod, tho othor day, signs of rust, which probably arose from thick sowing. Tho lato rain bas frcshonod up the: gordons, ana vegetables look promising Food in tho- , outlying districts is still vary short,.but looks, gonorally speaking, veidant, and taken ns a wholo, stock aro in fair condition for tho season of tho year, A few, days'*' heavy rain would, howevor, bo a boon to many graviore, whoso dame aro not yet full.-Western Post. ..-. HIGHLY COMMMDAHL*.-As soon as tho nows reached Sydney that many porsons on tho Manning were severe sufferers by tho flood, Mr. Robort Campboll wrote to a gentleman on this river saying that ho had ?' sont a ton of flour by tho Wast Hartley for sale, bub ' thal all that remained undisposodof when his lotter carno-' to hand should bo distributed among tho destitute. By 1 Sunday's post two or throe gontlemon had letters from tho Floods Kelief Committee, offering assistance Wo had ono ourselves from tba' secretary, and wo have ¡' another from Mr. Henry Prince, promising a liberal' ' subscription to any local fund that may be raised. All ' these things reflect great crediton the gentlemen who-' thus exhibited their liberality - btit wa aro glad to know, ' that there ara few (if any) of our settlors who will' con seht to bs assisted.-Manning Nows. SUDDEN DEATII.-A magisterial inquiry was held on Tuesday morning last, before F, W. Vyner, Esq., P.M., as to the cause of death of Mr. Lawrence Hyland, off Gilmore. It appeared from the evidence that deceased had been suffering at times for the last two years from pain in his heart and chest, which had latterly increased, very much, particularly the last few weeks, otherwise the deceased had bcon in good health and abla to attend, to his farm duties, and had been at church the dey bo fore bis doath. On Monday morning ho wont out after breakfast to catch a horse to rido into Tumut, but whoa, only a short diatanco from his door ho foll down, and , before assistance could reach him was speechless, and ia , a short timo breathed .his last. Or. ¿argo, who was.! exam ¡ned at tho inquest, was of opinion that death waa caused by long standing discaso of tho heart. Deceased, who was about fifty years of age, was an old and' respected resident in the district. Ho has left a widow (but no family) to mourn his loss.-Tumut Times. PRESENTATION TO Mn. EOWAHO VEOESACK.-OB Friday laet. Captain Allen, harbour master nt New- castle, presented Mr. Edward Vegesack, mato of the Royal Exchango, with a sextant, a pair of opera glasses, ana a gold watch. Tho ceremony took placo m tho Harbour Master's office, in tho presence of many who fully appreciated Mr, Vogesack's gallant conduct when,, on the 17th March last, ho swam off to tho brig Victor, and was tho moans of saving tho lives and craw of that' veesol, ton in nuraW. Mr. Vogesack's intrepidity at tho timo was much applauded ; but it was only within tho last two or tkreo months : that publie attention waa invited to reward Mr. Vega sack's noblo conduct by som o momento of tho occasion. Captain Vine Hall, of tho Panama,. New Zealand, and Australian lioynl Mail Company,, took tho initlotivo in this movement, and was heartily joinod by Captain Allen. Tho articles were purchased out of the subscriptions raised, amounting to noarly £00, and forwardod by Captain Vino Halt to Captain Allon, as soon os it was ascertained that Hr. Vegesack had returned to Nowcastlo. "Tho gontlomcn present, bavins inspected tho articles," says tho Newcastle: Chronicle, " Coptain Allon roso, and formally presented, thom to Mr. Vegesack, alluding, nt tho ea too time, in- appropriate terms, to tho dorins: and disinterested con- duct of Vegesack in swimming off to tho brig Viotor on the 17tn March last. Ho also read tho various? totters he lind received from Captain Halton thosubjootv Tho artlclos presented to Mr. Vegesack, vic, the scitant and tho pair of opera glasea, aro both of a vory superior kind, and their inspection elicited many expressions of approval from tho subscribers. Tho sextant boro the following inscription upon it : - " Presented to Edward Vegesack, by a few admirers of his daring oonduct ia swimming; on board itho brig Viator, on tbo 17th oC March, 1800, wrecked near Nowcastlo, and saving the crow." On the top of the samo instrument ls neatly oneraved tho following Latin inscription :-" Pal mam. qui meruit feret," tho translation of whioh is-" Let: him who has won it wear tbo palm." Tho gold watch,, whioh cost JE82, iseip:otcd out in Dccorabor noxt. It waa ordored from the celebrated firm of Crisp and Co,,. 81, SL John-street Hoad, London. Tn« LATE MUODBROCS ASSAULT AT RALIIOH'S STATION.-Tho dying depositions of the man named Latham, who was BO brutally assaulted at his hut on Mr.. Raleigh's station, near Raywood, wera taken on Thurs- day night, at tho hospital, by Mr. M'Lnohlan, P.M From those it appears that Latham was at ono time a druggist in Livorpool, and ho has à son in that trade thoro at present Ho wa« ongaged by Mr. Raleigh as a shophord, and tho hut ho inhabited is known as tho " Thunder Hut," and is situated two and a half miles from tho homo station. On Saturday Inst, Latham was in his hut, whon anotbor shepherd, who resided with him, carno in, accompanied by a '"tramp." Supper was provided by ; Latham, and the travollor was invited to " stay for tho night ». A conversation aroso about ' tho Fenians, who ap- peared to bo greatly admired by tho tramp, but were no favourites of Latham, willoh resulted in th» tromp assaulting tho latter, who was ' knocked down amt brutally kicked. All thia timo tho-other'shepherd' looked on with tho utmost indifference, novor making, tho slightest attempt to assist hi« mato. 'Latham manngod to orawl away to a neighbour's houso, half a< milo off, whore ha rem..'ned all night. On Puadny he wont bnok to his hut, abd found both'tho' traveller oni shophord still thora. Tho former again sot on hint,, knocked him down, and kicked him until ho was Inson slblo, whllo tho shepherd, aa before, did not'interfere, Whllo Lathnm was on tho ground ho cried, "For God'» sako stop kicking mo, you havo finished mo now," but to his cries far ' marcy tramp replied, cursing and swoarlng, " If I had a knifo 1" "would rip you up." Booing that Latham was apparently dead, - both tho cowardly scoundrels mada off, nnd tho all but murdered man lay helpless in tho hut until Tuosday ,whona traveller happonlng to bo passing, looked In, and found him sensible but his body covered with wounds and bruises. Information was given'nb tho homo station, and measures wore tnkou to havo Latham removed to> tho Bendigo hospital, where ho waa received on Thurs- day. Belora ho was takon from tho1 hut, tho tramp, nnd the shophord wera about returning, but whllo some distance off, thoy observed that poo ni o woro thoro, and tho tramp ran off. Tho shophord, ' liowavor, carno on* but would hot ir Ivo nny information ns to who tho tramp was. On malting inquiries at tho hospital last night, lt was asoertaimid that Latham was in » vor? dangerous state, and but sltitht llorína aro ontorUined of lill rocoTOrr, -Aurertlsor,' August i." ' : ??." 