DAILY ISSUE. TUESDAY, 15TII MAY, 1866, NEWS AND NOTES. In tho supplement to, this day's iesoo will be found the news by the mail irom Europe. Wo hold over our leading article and a number of letters. A melancholy accident occurred on Monday after noon at the Albion Company's claim, Sebastopol, to a workman employed there named Campbell. It appears that ho was working on the top of tho poppet heads, and some of the gearing becoming disarranged, he was precipitated to the ground. He fell on his hands and knees, and such was the violence with which ho fell, that he sustained a compound comminuted fracture of each of the legs and arms, lie was conveyed to the hospital shortly afterwards on a stretcher, and received every attention at the hands of the resident surgeon, but he gradually sank, and died about half past seven o'clock in the evening. He was quite sensible until half au hour before his death. He leaves a widow and several children. The cabman, named John Hedges, who was injured on the 10th instant by accidentally falling from Ilia cab in Sebastopol, when ono of the wheels passed over his loins, died at the hospital on the 12th instant from the effects of the injuries received. It appears that ho w.is standing in front of his cab, looking over tho top, when he accidentally fell. On being picked up he could not stand, and ho was thenj.taken to tho hospital. On arriving there ho wag in a state of collapse, but he shortly rallied. He, however, after wards gradually sank and died. The resident surgeon had no hopes of tho case from the first, and on making a post mortem examination cf the body, he . found tho abdomen full of dark blood and tho peritoneum very much inflamed; tho blood had flowed from the spleen, which was torn right through. Heath had resulted from seTere peritonitis following rupture of the spleen, and at the inqueBt, hold on Monday, a verdict was returned accordingly. An advertisement in our columns on Saturday, in vited those ladiea who sympathised with Fenian sufferers in Ireland to meet at No. 2 T, on the 15th inst., (this day). We presume from the tenor of the advertisement, that it is addressed to those who are in the secret of the somewhat enigmatical Ianguago employed. In the Eastern Police Court, on Monday, the business extended until nearly the close of the day, owing to the large number of cases before the bench. There were the usual number of drunkards for a Monday, and in the caseB for vagrancy, disor derly conduct, and such like, there appeared to be but little diminution from the usual lengthy list generally to be seen on the charge sheet at tho beginning of the week. Several cases of lunacy added to the list, and likewise a case for violent assault, wherein the prosecutor had sustained a fracture of the jaw from a kick by ofie Howard, who was charged with the offence. This case alone oc cupied a considerable time, and as it appeared pro bable that the accused might be committed for trial, evidence was gone into at considerable length. The bench, however, dealt with the case summarily and lined the accused £10, or in default two months' imprisonment. A long examination into certain Chinese gambling cases, together with a lengthy cause list, concluded the day's proceedings. Tho Chinese gambling cases brought before the Eastern Police Court on Monday, occupied a consi derable time in investigation, and tended to lengthen a very heavy day's business until-aftcr Ave o'clock. The evidence of detectives EaBon and Ilyland, to gether with that of Ah Konn, the Chinese interpreter, was taken, and the interpreter explained the "ins and outs" of the game, which seemed to be somewhat complicated in its details. A quantity of articles seized at the Chinese banks, as they weru called, or rather otfieeB of the principals in the lotteries, wa6 exhibited in court, and among the articles were a number of dangerous-looking large butcher's knives, the edges of which were in fine order, and which, it appeared, were kept as a sort of protection by the bankers. Mr Kya'.l stated that the Chinese frequently parted with everything they possessed to take shares in these lotteries, and afterwards, being in poverty, were obliged to resort to thieving for a living. Lie pressed for a severe sentence; but tho defendants in all the cases having pleaded guilty, tho bench accepted their offer of £1 each to the poor box, and discharged them. All the articles seized belonging to the game were ordered to be confis cated, together with several pounds in money taken at the banks. The Borough Council of Sebastopol, at its meeting on Monday, discussed the necessity of urging the settlement of the question of water supply, and the fact that the Ballarat commission had not replied to the application made to tlmt body on the part of the borough. The council decided to apply again to the Water Commission. A correspondent, writing from the locality, informs us that Mr King, who executed the cork-framed pic ture of the Crucifixion, id a schoolmaster residing at Cambrian hill. We perceive that the Western Borough Council has erected a lamp at the Kedaii bridge, whereby traliic at that place will be rendered safer after dark than heretofore. As that thoroughfare is now so busy, it is desirable that as soon as possible the bridge be widened to the full width of the road for the accommodation both of vehicles and foot pas sengers. The town surveyor of Sebastopol has been in structed to report on a site for a cemetery for that borough. The mayor suggests a site near the Round Water Holes. A deplorable instance of the tragic effects of drun kenness occurred yesterday (Monday) morning, at Cobblers. Mr -J. Davies, the late licensee of the Prince of Wales hotel, Cobblers, had sold the house to a Mr James Leonard, but had not lc-ft the loca lity. On Suuday night, Davies was drinking at the hotel, a disturbance arose, and he wan turned out of the house. Next morning hid dead body was found in the water channel, a few yardB from the hotel, the channel having water in it some four inches deep. The deceased was a widower, and leaveB five or six children behind him. The following is published in Monday's Argus-. " Sir,-Referriug to a paragraph appearing in to-day's Argus in -which my name is used, I beg leave to in form you that no application was made by any mem ber of the Government for the boats of the Curagoa, that I have not been on board the Curasoa for two years, and that I have not seen Sir William Wiseman since I met him at Sydney in the month of April, 1S05. You will, perhaps, permit mo to add, that I find upon enquiry that the practice of woaring the ensign at the fore, as you describo it, is unknown in her Majesty's navy, but that by the pilot and harbor regulations of this colony it is inado a signal for a pilot. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, GEO. Vebdon. 12th ilay."3 The English advices received by this month's mail afford us the information that the Governor ship of Victoria had been offered to Mr Manners Sutton, the present Governor of Trinidad. The hon. John Henry Manners-Sutton is the second son of the late Viscount Canterbury, who was Speaker of the House of Commons from 1817 to 1834, and was raised to the peerage upon his retirement from that high, office in 1835. The late Viscount was twice married, and Mr Manners- Sutton is the second son by his first wife, the daughter of John Denison, Esq., and was bom in 1814, educated at Eton and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he took hiB degree in 1835. He entered Parliament in 1839 as M.P. for Cumbridge, and held the post of Under Secretary of State for the home department in Sir IlobertPeersadministrationinl841-40. MrManners Sutton, who holds the valuable sinecure of Registrar of the Faculty Court, was appointed Governor of New Brunswick in 185i, and was afterwards trans ferred to the Island of Trinidad, where the Governor's salary is £3500 per annum. Mr Manners Sutton, who is heir presumptive to the Viscouutcy of Canterbury, in succession to his brother the present Peer, is descended irom a common ancestor, with Lord Manners and the Duke of Rutland. The father of the first Viscount (the Speaker of the House of Commons) was Archbishop of Canterbury, from which arose the selection of the title; and Lord Manners, the brother of the Speaker, was raised to the peerage as Lord Chancellor of Ireland. Mr Manners- Sutton married in 1838, Georgiana, the daughter of the lato C. Thompson, Esq. From Mr MannerB-Sutton's political career and experi ence, with his social standing and position, there is every reason to believe that he would soon render himself popular as Governor of Victoria, Bhould he decide upon accepting the position which has been offered to him. Members of the Bowling Club are invited to com pete for a pair of bowls to be presented by the eecre: tary of the club. The match is to come off on the Queen's Birthday, and to be finished that day. The only caBe heard at the Warden's Court on Mondey was an encroachment complaint by the United Extended Band of Hope Company against Beckman and others. Some technical objections to the jurisdiction of the court were taken by the de ! fendants' counsel, and the warden held over bis decision till Wednesday. It is reported that Mr Verdon will shortly leave 1 for England-probably by tbo noxC mail-for {he purpose of bringing under the notice of the Imperial Government the state of our colonial defences. Old Ballaratians will remember Mr Hasleham, who, in tho early days of Ballarat, was correspon dent for the Melbourne Herald, and a writer for other ] colonial journals, and who, during the Eureka Stockade affair, received a wound in the arm from a stray bullet at that encounter. It will be remem bered, also, that it was reported here (and if we mistake not, as from an English paper), that Mr Hasleham had died shortly after his return to England, after undergoing an operation for the ex- , traction of the bail from his arm. The subjoined extract from a letter just received from Manchester, by a member of tire Star staff, will, however, show that Mr Hasleham is, probably, still living. We should premise that the writer of the letter had, in : a previous letter, stated that he bad seen Mr j Hasleham, and in reply to that statement the mem ber of our staff referred to had said his correspondent | must have seen Mr Hasleham's ghost, aa that: gen- I tleman was dead. The extract is as follows: I was so convinced that I was right, that I resolved to speak to his ghostship the first opportunity. My ! courage failed me on several occasions. At length (I believe it was in August, 1864) I met it coming j out of the Examiner and Times' office. Recovering i my breath, I touched it on the arm. It turned round, and I said, ' I think I have seen you before!' Ghost < 'Very likely.' I-' Were you ever at Ballarat?' j Ghost 'Yes.' I-'Your name is Hasleham ' Ghost-' Yes.' I-'I don't know that I ever spoke to you before, but I knew you through being with Mr Levey, of tho Herald.' Ghcst-' Ob yes, I ' know Mr Levey; he is now on the Argus (?)' Ij then told it how often I had seen it; that I had written to you. Did he know you ?' Ghost-' Oh yes, a* * on the Star'. I related your answer, and when l mentioned that.in undergoing the operation, he ! sank under it, the ghost looked rather grave, but said, 'No, not quite so bad as.that.' A few common- places ended our interview, and it vanished round [ one corner, and I round another. Now, what must I think? Is it all an illusion, or is the laugh against you instead of against me? At any rate, here Hasleham is alive, and, apparently, well, I saw him yesterday going from town, book in hand, with that j peculiar twist in his walk." The familiars of Mr Hasleham will not be at a loss to recognise the des- cription of '"book in hand" and the " peculiar twist in his walk." It is hardly necessary for us to add that we are glad to hear of his survival, both of the operation and of the ugly report, and trust he may live a long while to refute so very unwelcome a | rumor. The Eerald says;-"A remarkable omission appears to have occurred when the Act for the j Abolition of Imprisonment for Debt was passed, ! Under the old Act, wheu a debtor left a particular district, the creditors could take out a summons against him, which would bo forwarded to his new residence and served upon him by the police in the district where he resided. The constable serving the summons then made affidavit before the magistrate of the service, and notice of the same was forwarded to the court where the summonB was taken out, when, if tho debtor did not appear, judgment would lie against him. The Kichmond Bench decided a short time ago, and again on Saturday last, that the new Act gives them no authority to take tho affidavit of service by a constable. On the first oocasioa men tioned tho constable was obliged to travel all tho way to Wood's Point to prove the service, entailing a cost on tho country of about £18, besides the loss of his time, for a debt which amounted to only between £5 and £6. In the instance which occurred on Satur day, the amount sued for was only a little over £2, and to provo the service of this summons a Bimilar expense will be entailed on the State, the debt, like the former, having been contracted in the Wood's Point district.'' The Times of the 16th March, in giving its Mel bourne correspondent's letter, omits all the political portion of it, and publishes the non-political matter with the following introduction:-"Our correspondent at Melbourne, whose letter is dated the 26th of Jan uary, and is chiefly occupied by speculations as to the opinion which would be formed at home of Governor Darling's conduct, of which our readers are already sufficiently informed, thus writes of more local topics." The Commissioner of Roads and Bridges has appointed one o'clock on Thursday, the 17th inBt. as the time when he will receive a deputation Irom the Borough of Sebastopol, in opposition to the erection of a toll-gate by tho Grcnvilleshire Council, at the llound Waterbole, near Sebastopol. Mr Ferguson has betn appointed rate collector for the Borough of Sebastopol for the current year. Mr A. V. Smith, photographic artist, took two views oi the Ballarat Fire Brigade engine-house and tower, on Monday afternoon. Tho members of the brigade turned out in force, and were arranged in various positions on the fire-ladders and in a body when the views were taken. In the course of the day Mr Smith likewise took a view of the Corner, and aa a large number of the habitues of this well known place of mining speculation were present, the picture will no doubt give a good idea of that basy place. At the western lock-up veBterday morning, Catherine Denny, in custody for having been drunk, was fined live shillings; William Lyons, another tippler, was discharged; a vagrant, named Jackson, was remanded until to-day; and another of the Bame class, named Robert Ilotham, was remanded lor a week, The numbering of the houses in Ballarat West has been for some time going on, and a large part of the town is now furnished with the little labels which the borough council obtained from the makers in Sydney. The numbering of the streets running east and west begins at tho east end of the borough, and of those running north and south the numbers begin at Sturt street, and reckon from both sides of thas central thoroughfare. Thua the Bank of Aus tralasia is No. 1 Lydiard street north, and Cobb's office is No. 1 Lydiard street south, and so on with all the streets that run across Sturt street. It will also be observed that tho excellent plan has been adopted of having the even numbers on one side of the streets and the odd numbers on the other. See ing that tho borough is so large, it might have been a good plan to have made Drummond street a di viding line as well as Sturt street, and to have num bered cast and west from that line as well as north and south from Sturt street. This would have materially aided letter-carriers and others in identi fying the locality of addresses. The manner in which the creek at the lower end of Fraser street, Clunes, iB choked up -with tailings j so as in many instances to be on a level with the floors of the houses in the vicinity, augurs ill either for the comfort o£ the residents or the Bafety of their property should a thunderstorm at Creswick or Bullarook cause a sudden flood. Should such a calamity occur at night, loss of life would be almost 1 inevitable, as the flood, for want of an outlet, must sweep right through numbers of houses. Of the three mining companies, the tailings from which run into the creek at the lower end of Fraser street, the Port Phillip Company alone employs men in wet weather to remove the sand and keep clear an out let for the water. It is certainly difficult for the uninitiated to understand the particular induce ments which cause people to insist on living in a locality where the stench arising from the creek is, on a still night, almost insupportable, and where in winter they have the pleasant chance of having their property destroyed and themselves drowned in their beds. During the week ending the 8th instant twenty caseB of horse and cattle stealing were reported to the police." Eight of the cases occurred in this dis trict. A total change of entertainments is announced for this evening at the Theatro Koyal, The first piece will be an American drama, entitled " Metamora," the afterpiece being "My Brother Bill and Me." We perceive that another performance is to bo given in aid of the Brooke Memorial Fund, and on this occa sion the Melbourne amateurs will appear. 