DESPOERATE FIGloT WITH A DEER.-A renmarkable es-aye fromu death in a struggle with a deer occurred at Leytonstone, on Saturday last. It appears that a fino deer with very large antlers broke through from Mr. Hart's property into tlhat of Mr. Stephens, his ntext neighbour, and on Mr. Stephens opening his door the deer sprang at him fromn a distance of eight or nine feet, knocking himi down and attacking him in the miost ferocious manner. The struggle between Mr. Stephens and the deer lusted for at least five minutes before any of his men arrived to his assist once. Fortunately Mr. Stephens had the presence of mind to lay hold of the antlers, and being a powerful man he was enabled to retain his grasp, although ha was thrownn fire times with great force to the ground. After being gored and having lhad his clothes torn to ribbons, he was rescuedjust.as he was quite exhausted and in inmminent danger of his life. The animal be came more furious when assistance was rendered, and it required four men effectually to secure him. A few days ago, a girl aged 14, residing at Diliso rande, near Caen, was cutting a slice of bread for her father, holding the loaf pressed against her chest, lwhen the knife slipped througlh it, and, penetrating her heart, caused instant death. Cassn sA in CRcTE?cR.--Julius Casar, the Surrey cricketer, accidentally shlot a man named Foster, waho was beating for gamue at Mr. Murray Marshall's Miunsteadliheacth, on Wednesdayafternoon,andwounded him so severely that hlie died on Thursday. The poor man's wife and eldest child a-were with himi as he weas dyinig, snid being still sensible he took his farewell in a manner whichl all who witnessed can never forget. Julius Cesar is also much to be pitied, for although the circumstances were so purely accidental, his peace of mind is wreckcd.-Liverpool Aldion. TH? 1)EFEDr oaas OF GnrA.-A deputation of the German nobility has presented to the ex-King and Queen of Naples a buckler, offered by them to the royal pair us a homage of devotion. It is of beautiful workmanship in silver, chased with gold. In the middle of it are seen Francois II. and Maria-Soplhie, and all round are represented the principal events of the siege of Gaetn. The offering is aecompanied by an album containing 40,000 signatures of the German aristocracy. the Lunatic Asylum at WVarseaw-a Sovernmect institution, of course--hns recently been visited by the police. On this ocmasion some fifty out of the 144 patients were discovered to be political offenders who had fled for refuge to the abode of madness, and spent already a couple of years within its terrible walls. The physicians have been- nrrested, together with the delinquents. SEIZURE OF A RAftuWAY TR.uIN OR DEBT.-The singular circumstance of a passenger train being seized for debt occurred some days since on the Nortll of Spain Railway, at the station of Hendaye, near Bayonne. It appears that M3f. Ernest, Geuin and Co. lately obtained a judgment, with immediate execution, against the raiuway in question for the sum of 100,000 franes. As the representatives of the com pany in Paris refused payment, and there were no effects that could be attached at the seat of adminis tration, it was resolved to effect a seizure of a train belonging to the company as soon as it passed the French frontier. A locomotive and tender, with sit passenger carriages, were accordingly taken in exeeu tion at Hedayer, and lshunted into a siding, where they were kept under legal guard. The next day tihe companay's agents in Paris paid thie money, and the train was allowed to return to Spain.--Galgnani. TuE DUlK Or A A.h-.--The brother- in-law of nspo leon III. is a short, little man, who has something icy about his whole manner. Small and weak, his face displays anc alabaster hue, wh-lich gives 1im a ghost like aespect. In Spain the story is current, that the duke was buried before he wnas born. When his mothler was enciente with him, she was taken so des permtely ill, that all the attempts to restore hlier re I uined fruitless. The duchless died far from Madrid, at a chateau which had alwars been her fiOvourite residence. She was buried in the familyv vault; and, as is the custom of the Spanishl nobilityp, several vldu ables, among othlers hlerrings, were put into the coffin. The treasures which had been left to oblivion with the dluchless, aroused the cupidity of some rutfians; tcry broke into the vault on the nighlt following the funeral, robbed tihe dead wnoman, and would not leave the coffin till they lhad plucked a flashing diamond from the fainger of the corpse. 'The dianuond was onthe little finger, and would not come off. This gave the body sncatcers the truly cannuibhl idea of cutting the finger. The pain aroused the apparently dead woman; sie camne to her senses, sat up in the coflin, and, by her unexpected aia-kenuing, put the robbers to flight. When they deparlted, they forgot to close the vault. The duchess found oullicientstrength to quit her ,oflin, and return to the chalteau, where shle was at first taken for a ghost, ansd a priest was called to exorcise it. But us hlie was unable to baiisth the spectre, the people ill the chateau gradually began to believe in her corporal existence. The duchess recovered, and gave birth to a boy, who has never lost the deadly pallor wlich he brought into the world with him. nhpoleon the Tird aul iis Cour-l. By a Reliredc Diplomatist. (This must be fromi Punch.) LORD PaMUFSaTO" ISD " HO.NsT JOn.."--Old Jolhn Day was an immense favourite withL his lordshlip, as he was with numbers of other noblemeni; in short, hie nwas a privileged character, who could say asiything to anybody. Wanting to see his lordship about s appointment foi a sou, hIe wesit down to the House of Commons, found his way into the corridor, and was proceeding to pass the door, when he was stopped by a policeman, whlo asked wlhant he wanted. He replied, "I sant to see Lord Paclerston; I am .Tohn Day!" The policeman, doubtless taking Jlohn,, with his awhie neckcloth ind eternal umbrcll, for an elderly curate in searlch of a Crown living, refused Icim admitlancee, snayiig that his lordship could not be disturbed. This terribly put out John, who had a very dignified llnller; and ihe was the miore anuoyed because a crowd of people gathered round him. However, the present Lord Strafford (then Lord Enfield) coming up, took conipassion on him, passed him throughl au inner door, to thie great astonishment of thle police men, and returning shortly atnr, said that ]Lord Pal merstonl would come in a few iinutes. He did so, to Jolhn's greatl deligltc; sud, after shaking helids most kiudly, asked whul. hle lhad come to see Ieim for. "Why, my lord, I bave got a sneon I hravo brought up as a doct,r, aicd he wacnts a t aploiutment to a poor law union in lfertefordstire; 1 hace had him 'tried verye high,' ci hte thas 'won his trial esy,' so 1 sm sore you will give it to hliol." "Certainly, Jolhn," acid the kind-henrled Premier, who then entered into a discussion on tihe Derby, which promised to be of such duentinn tlhit John thought it thuC to hiut that " he w?as afraid he i'as detaining his lordalship, lwho hce hinw hoad plenty to do." Again shaking hism by the halnd, Lord l'almecrsto bade his trainer good-bye, cndc was turning a'cny, when Jodel amused himi beyond measure by cauling out, " Miuid, my lord, you write to the right mans this time; thie last timce, you remember, you wrotec to the -wroig one."-"Argus" in the M'accie, Post. 