CURRENT TOPICS. : I The date fixed for. the coming into 'operation of the new Postal Bill is the 1st day of August next-, on. and after; which day the rates on inland letters will be reduced one-half. J We hare been requested by* Mr" Bunce 'to inform the public that from a small portion of a fine kind of tobacco, ob tained from a plantation in Havanna, and received by him- through the Board of Agriculture four years ago, lie has saved a.-sufficiency of seed to supply applicants from any part of the colony. The species of tobacco has a large leaf and is different apparently from other kinds hitherto shown here. We would advise early ap plications. . ' A site for the permamcnt erection of the Industrial Schools in Geelong is under, consideration. The spot considered the most "eligible, and the least likely to be objected to is the undulating rise to the eastward of the -Horticultural and Agricultural Reserve, which was some time ago selected for the site of a plough ing match, and afterwards surveyed for suburban building sites. The selection is not yet definitely decided upon. Mr Henry Buckingham, butcher, of Great Byrie street, was received into the Hospital last night, suffering from a severe thigh wound inflicted by a bullock. Mr Buckingham was " horned " whilst on a cattle fence at Fyfe and McKenzie's yards at West Geelong. The injury is severe, but the "gore " presents favorable aspects which preclude serious apprehen sions. - Two men were arrested yesterday, on warrant, by Detective Bailey, on a charge of stealing a cheque for £5 and and one pound in silver, from the Grasshopper Hotel, Ballarat. The stolen property be longed to Anne Mansfield, the proprietress of the hotel. The names of the. accused are Charles Wilson and Charles Everett, who_ represent themselves as travelling musicians. After the close of the football match on Saturday a meeting of the club was con vened and the minutes of former proceed ings read and confimed. Mr Lennon was elected president, and Mr A. Slater vice president. Messrs Nicholls, S. Adams, Robertson, and Hehicar formed the executive. Mr Nicholls resigned as sec retary and treasurer, and a vote of thanks was given to him for his past services. Mr F. Groom was elected secretary and treasurer. A letter from Mr Harrison, stating that the Athletic Sports Committee had 1000 copies of the Victorian rules of football, agreed to at a meeting of the delegates held at the Freemason's Hotel, Melbourne, on the 8th May, was read, and it was proposed that the Geelong Club should supply themselves from them. The rules were then read, put to the meeting, and carried, as the rules of the Geelong Football Club. Subscrip tions were fixed at 5s. The challenge of the Ballarat club for the Queen's birthday was accepted, and the secretary was authorised to procure 100 copies of the rules for the use of the club. In connec tion with the Ballarat acceptance of the challenge, a letter was received yester day, advising that the Ballarat team could not meet the Geelong players until the 9th of June. The immediate match is therefore off. The malting establishment of Mr Powell is now fairly in operation. The results are pronounced to be beyond expectation. The appearance of the grain is not distinguishable from that imported, whilst its quality is best tested by the flavor of the brew made from it. The barley was grown on the banks of the Moorabool. No little attention is directed this addition to local resources, which will afford an outlet to native industrial product. Yesterday, Whit Monday, was ob served as a holiday at the Governmeni offices. The Supreme Court, Melbourne, wa: again occupied with the trial of Dr Beam yesterday, when the medical evidence wa: commenced, the examination of Dr: Pugh and Budall taking up the entin day. The latter gentleman stated thai death jyas cpjised through ruptures whic! he found in the womb, which both be anc Dr Pugh agreed was in a healthy state neither of these gentlemen, however could swear positively that the deceaset: was pregnant, although appearances tended to that conclusion. The case will be resumed to-day. ■ Yesterday's' Argus lias the following notice of the recent changes made in con nexion with? the local branch of the Peninsular and Oriental Company's service,-which- were so freely discussed on'Saturday last. "It appears that on , the arrival of Captain Black, who is on » geueral-visit of inspection, he discovered certain irregularities in the books, and rdiscrepancies iu the accounts of the company, which could not have occurred if the affairs of the company had been conducted- carefully and systematically. . This led to the immediate resignation of | Mr John Sparkes, who has been for many years the agent of the company at this port, and he has been replaced by Mr W. C. Clifton. Humour has it that there is considerable deficiency to be made good." Sabbath-breaking seems to be very prevalent at 13a 11arat. According to the Star :—•" Officers of police were yester day again to be seen visiting the various , claims implicated in the late charges of Sabbath desecration. From the matter f of course manner in which the various) companies would seem to have arranged | to pay the 5s fine exacted by the law, it : would seem necessary that: the old-! fashioned alternative of the stocks should be resorted to before compliance with the law can'be enforced." The farmers of Hortb Gipps Land -are arousing themselves to the consideration of the question of protection to the native producer. The Gipps Land Times notices tho fact of "a movement being afloat amongst a number of the farmers to organise a combination of those interested, to effect an import duty being placed on foreign flour and grain, something after the principle of Sir Hobert Peel's sliding scale. It is long since we asserted our selves to. be Free- traders, but most'cer tainly if there is to be Protection the farmers of Victoria have as much right to demand it as any other industry. Boots and shoes are just about as much necessaries amongst civilised communi ties as flour and grain; and if any are retarded through the operations of Free trade, agriculture is quite as much so as boots aiid shoes." . On the question of separation or annex ation for Biverina the Albury Banner writes:—"We know that the natural boundary is not the present one; we kuow that an intercolonial tariff and a federation of the-,colonies is really the true heal-alb for our disease; but, as we are not likely to get this just yet,-we desire to take the opportunity of hinting to the Colonial Secretary, who will be with us: next: week, that while, we do not seek separa tion, care must be taken that we are not driven to seek .annexation. It must be remembered that' the Constitution Act actually provides for such a contingency and necessity, but a little discretion, and a little paiustaking, may still keep us in the wake of the old ship, while the oppo site may compel us to hail under another flag." The Ballarat Star again notices the Brew case " Last week we mentioned a rumor that Brew, the post-office clerk, who had been sentenced to five years im prisonment for larceny in his office, had been set at liberty by order of the Attor ney-General, before one year of his term had expired. We have made further enquiry, and find that the rpmor seems well founded. There is another thing to be mentioned now, and that is, that not a single member of Parliament has asked a question about this case, which, while unexplained, looks like a monstrous con tempt- of the public interests aud a degra dation"'of the course of justice. The public has a right to be informed on what , ground tbe Attorney-General has dared to reverse a judicial sentence solemnly passed, after confession of guilt by the prisoner, and we are at a-loss to know 'why tbe liberation- of a- prisoner ! exceptionally, like "this should not be enquired into by either the patriots who :sit on the Attorney-General's side of the House, or by the Opposition, who are supposed to sit in the seat of the censor. Mr Higinbotham may be perfectly justified in what he has done, but the public bas the right to know that, and to know it at once. Why should not such cases as this" be gazetted with the grounds of liberation, if- the law is still to be held in reverence and its penalties to be still a terror to the evil doer. Mr Higinbotham is so great a moralist that he can possibly give a satisfactory reply." The Mulwata correspondent of the Pastoral Times writes :—"Mr Shelley the Victorian Government manager of the snagging parties arrived here on Satur day last. It appears that Mr Ori's re marks on the operations of these parties in clearing the river have had the effect of producing greater activity. Mr Shelley proceeded to Wahgunyah to order five small punts to despatch parties to cut down the projecting snags to the pre sent low level of the river, this is an alteration in the right direction. The river has not been so low for many years, and if this movement is not too late there will be little obstruction with the river at its ordinary height." The police force stationed at Hamilton have not yet received their arrears of pay. The Spectator of Saturday says:—"It has been stated that the Hamilton police have not-been paid their salaries for March. On enquiry, we find the statement correct, but the police feel annoyed that notice has been taken of the matter, as they are not in straits for want of their pay." The Western Times understands " that the Government, officers in Portland qre not -all paid yet, several not having re ceived amounts due to them daring the Last four months." As a proof: of the great scarcity and high price of hay in Portland (says the Western Times of yesterday)-we may refer our readers to an advertisement in another column, which says that Mr H. Smith's livery stables in Perry-street will be closed in consequence. Mr Smith has such a difficulty in obtaining good hay, and when he does get it it is so dear, that he finds it a loss to keep those well known stables open. Hay is now worth the enormous price of between LS and L9 per ton. The Maryborough and Dunolly Ad- vertlser of yesterday reports a sad case death from intoxication :—" The legs of a man with boots on, were yesterday found between Avoca- and Amphitheatre under a tree. The trunk, head, and upper por- tions were completely consumed by fire. Senior Constable Larkin rode into Avoca yesterday, shortly after mid-day, to give the necessary information. There is, so far as we can learn, no conjecture as to who the unfortuhate may have beer ; but, no doubt, further enquiry will bring the facts to light. It is supposed deceased had lit a fire and, while under the in- fluence of drink and stupidity, had been burnt to death." Saturday's Spectator reports of the weather at Hamilton The cold on Wednesday and Thursday mornings was very marked, the reading of the thermo- meter at breakfast being 52 degrees. On Thursday morning, about noon", the rain set in in earnest, and continued to fall uninterruptedly until an early hour yester- day morniug. Yesterday the wind was from the southward, and occasionally gentle showers fell." The Launceston Examiner notices that a beautiful specimen of phosphorescent fungi has been obtained in the neigbbour- hood of Prospect Village.—" In shape is something like an umbrella that has been inverted by the wind ; the gills a thus on the outside, as is the case agaricus virgineus, to which indeed it bears a strong resemblance. It is of an irregular figure, but on its longest side it is about four inches and a half, with a circumference which, if perfect, would be as large as the top of a tumbler. The whole of this plant with the exception of about an inch of the stem, is remarkably luminous, so much so as to enable printed matter to be distinguished when brought into close contact with it." Messrs W. F. Ducker and Co, yesterday sold the Clare Hotel and Pivot Brewery, for the sum of seven hundred pounds. The New York Tribune of the 16th of February has the following " Waddell, the commander of the rebel pirate ship Shenandoah, has written a letter from his place of exile in England to a friend in Mobile, in which, besides giving , an account of his raid on the American whalemen in the Arctic, and calling Secretary of the Navy, Welles, a wilful liar, he devotes a portion of his spleen to an invective against the South, for which he says he has now very little respect, as she was false to her cause, and he believes was not in earnest. He gives us to un derstaud that he did not fail to put money in his purse by his piratical operations, since he tells us that, though in exile, he is far from being a ruined man." The following is the return of births, and deaths registered in the district of, Geelong during the week ending May 19th, 1866 :—Births, males, 6 ; females, 4 ; total 10\. Deaths, males, 5 ; females, 4 ; total, 9\. Excess of births, 1. 