LITERARY, SCIENTIFIC, AND SOCIAL. A social gathering took place at the Telegraph Hotel, on the 29;h u't, consisting of the pasiengera and officers of the ship King of Trumps, which recently put into this port in a oissMlM state from encountering a hurricane. There waa also present several friends of the passengers and other gentlemen. A very sumptuous supper was provided by mine “host” of the Telegraph Hotel, One of the passengers was Mr Prosser, brother of Mr Prosser, of Okitiki, and formerly a member of the Provincial Council, who occupied tiie chair. Several toasts were proposed and responded to. Charles S, Cansdell.Esq.tf.H, A,, delivered lecture on the 3rd inst, at the Chamber of ommerce, Maequarie- street, before members °f tbe Articled Cferks Association. The ies president, Mr W. R. Giblin, in the chair, n “ The language and constroction of Legs! nstruments.” A lecture was delivered on 6th inst at St George’s school room, Battery Point, hy Mr W. Johnston, on the Iifc|of,the renowned navigator “ Sir John Franklin.’’ , The Rov I. Wilke» Simmons delivered an instructive and eloquent lecture “ On Parties about to marry” in the Theatre Royal, on Sunday afternoon, the 9th inst, to one of lhe greatest audiences that ever assembled within the walls of that Btrncture. The hon the Speaker of, the House of Assembly presided. J r The members of the Working Men’s Club, there families, and many visitors attended n t the Berea Chapel on the loth inst, to hear •Mr B. Dear « lecture on “ The story of m r Macintosh.” J Mr James Allen delivered a lecture lately, at the Mechanics’ Institute, the the subject being “a few Ghost Storie»” which the lecturer viewed in their relation to modern spiritoalisni and to the highest forms of spiritual 'existence. „ £ ,leotu™ ®nder ‘be facetious title of . w*B delivered by the Rev J . Wilkes Susmoxs a t the Theatre Royai on Sunday afternoon, 15th inst, Hon J . M M-L.C, in the chair. The rev lecturer turned hn theme to excellent moral ACCQQOt, • The Rev H. Bromby delivered ■ highly intoreeting lecture on tbe 18th inst, on “ The BDd o i the late John Keble, •hfborof the * Christian Year.” The Rev Mr Simmons gave another of bis after°oon lectures on the 22nd inst, S? .The world we live in.” The hon P .O . « s c r o lle d * p“ U ° occWlion- The theatre d J .ho T W*/!,*5'a festival Of the Indepen M te w i!!7 of Rrobubites, JunevileTent, was celebrated on too evening ofthe 10th iost in the Alliance Rooms. Brother J . Witt, jnnr, was in the chair/ J ’ 