ENTHRONISATION OF ARCHBISHOP MANNING. (From the Sun.) On Monday, November 6, the solemn recep tion and enthronisation of his Grace the Arch bishop Manning took place at the Roman Catholic pro-Cathedral at Moorfields, with the greatest splendour. The interior of the church presented an ap pearance of unusual grandeur, as, in addition to the brilliant decorations, the ten Corinthian columns SUDBOrtino1 t.hp. rnni wprp PTi+.wiTiprl a/nrl connected by festoons of laurel, and the six pillars of the great altar were draped in crimson and wreathed with white roses. The throne of his Grace was placed on the Gospel side of the sanctuary, and the canopy that rose over it was foraied of crimson velvet, richly embroidered with the arms of his Grace and deep gold fringe. Six large and massively-ornamented candle sticks were placed in the sanctuary, and the altar was richly adorned with a profusion of wax lights in silver candlesticks, white lilies and laurel being used for decorative purposes with the most beautiful effect. The side altars of St. Joseph and Our Lady were also decorated with white flowers and wax lights. Between the congregation and the sanctuary seats were reserved for the clergy, who attended in great numbers, nearly every priest in the diocese being present. The Fathers of the white-robed Dominicans were represented, so also were the Augustinians, the Carmelites, the Jesuits, the Fathers of Charity, the Fathers Oblate of St. Charles Borromeo, and other Religious Orders. Lady Londonderry, Lady Herbert of Lea, Le Marquese de Molines, the Envoy Extraordi nary and Minister Plenipotentiary to H.M.C. Majesty ; Monsignor Howard, Domestic Chap lain to the Pope ; and the Rev. Dr. Anderdon, late of the Catholic Uni ^ersity of Dublin, were also present. . Shortly after eleven the whole of the clergy in the cathedral proceeded in procession to the principal entrance of the edifice. Then after wards, ranging themselves in line on either side of the nave — the entire length of the cathedral his Grace entered preceeded by the cross bearer, Canons Oakeley, Searle, H\mt, the Provost of the Diocese, Last, and Morris, wear ing the pallium, with a vestment of archiems copal dignity, of white ermine and violet silk, which his Grace had during his stay in Rome placed on his shoulders by the Pope at a Con sistory held in the Eternal City in presence of a large number of the dignitaries of the Church. His Grace was conducted to his throne, on either side of which Canon Hunt and Canon Last, in full canonicals, took up theirpositions.. and immediately, afterwards the solemn and splendid tones of the organ gave intimation of the commencement of the service by pealing forth the magnificent Sancte Spiritus, which sung by the great body of the clergy and con gregation, produced a grand and solemn effect. During this his Grace was robed with a magni ficent vestment of white satin, ornamented in the richest manner with embroidery in gold and precious stones. The mitre was placed on the Archbishop's head by Canon Hunt. His Grace, after re taining his seat for some time, then, supported by the attendant clergy, advanced to the front of the great altar, where he made his obeisance. Resuming his seat on the throne, Canon Oakely then celebrated High Mass. The Kyrie Eleison Gloria in Excelsis, and the Credo were majesti cally sung, and then followed the Sancta Maria, by Novello, during which the ceremony of ct/tl flvn mItt i n f»£\T\ cm rt ?4*T» n A n/ilim cr\ r\f\ Tim a v\r\\-rtTs\t* med. His Grace then left the throne during the singing of the Sanctus, and kneeling in front of the altar remained in that position 'luring the consecration. Then broke forth the swelling tones of the Benedietus, and Agnus Dei, which as it pealed through the Cathedral, produced an effect of the utmost grandeur and sublimity. The Mass having been concluded the ' Te Deum Laudamus' was sung, the Archbishop standing at the throne, the officiating priests, in their gold vestments, occupying their positions in the front of the high altar, and'the whole of the con gation standing. The singing of the ''Te Deum' concluded the religious portion of the ceremony, and the Canons advanced to the foot of the throne and presented an address to his Grace, after which the clergy, of the diocese pre sented another eongratulary address. The Archbishop replied as follows : — 'Very1 Reverend, Reverend, and dear Brethren, — I did not look for this public expres sion 01 your auection ana attachment, .out it is ; for that reason all the more grateful to me. If 1 were to 'say that I see in it nothing personal I should ill respond to the words of personal confi dence and kindness which you have addressed to me. But if I say that I see in it chiefly a re cognition of the person of the Holy Father, and the spiritual jurisdiction with which he has been pleased to invest me, 1 shall interpret your kind . ness and give an exact utterance to your inten tion. The pallium which was worn by St. Augus tine, St. Theodore,' St. Elphege, St. Anselm, St. Thomas, St. Edmund, after a lapse of 30Q years, was laid by the same undying hands upon the shoulders of the first Archbishop of Westminster. England is no.t further from the faith and unity of the Church now than when St. Gregory sent the pallium to St. Augustine. And St. Augus tine could little foresee the glories of the Saxon Church, or the perilous and majestic greatness of the Norman. What may be our future God only knows. But we are bound in faith to hope great things, and in fidelity to endeavour them. We should fail in our . duty to our Divine Master if we were to aim at anything less than the conversion of England, the re demption of all our brethren from heresy and from schisms, the reconciliation of our country, dear to me next after the Church of God, to the kingdom of Jesus Christ. It is a paltry service and an. earthly prudence which aims at anything less than the- whole breadth of our Divine commission. ' If you have faith as a grain of mustard saod you shall say to thi; mountain, remove from hence hither, and it shall remove ; and nothing shall be impossible to you.' Two things are certain — the one that Protestantism', after running like other heresies its course of three hundred years, is dissolving and vanishing away ; the other, that the Catho lic faith is irresistibly expanding on every side. These two operations never rest. Everything which bears the semblance of a theology or of a church out of the unity of the only true fold, is visibly changing and passing out of sight. In a generation or two the Anglican religion will be like Donatism or Arianism— a page in history. The immutable and imperishable Church, in the midst of a world- wide conflict which is rising higher and higher every day, will be all the more visible to the nations as the sole ark of salvation moving upon the face of the waters. For this we will labour on in perfect confidence that God will accomplish His own work when and as he wills. When the other day, I had the happiness of kneeling at the feet of the Vicar of our Lord, I venture to say that the thoughts which arose in my mind were neither of the honours or promotion which were laid upon me, but the paternal love and confidence which the Sovereign Pontiff had manifested towards me. I could not then and I cannot now look upon what has fallen upon me, except as a heavy and formidable trust. I believe, very reverend and dear brethren, that it is in that spirit we meet to-day. I am confident that in your minds the first thought and the last is neither of honour nor dignity, but of the labour and responsibility which rest upon you all and with you and for you first of all upon myself. It gives me, therefore, a true and heartfelt con solation to meet you as I do to-day, and to receive from you this spontaneous and unlooked for assurance of the unity of heart and will in which we are bound together. We are not strangers to each other. In these last fourteen years and more it has been my happiness to live and to labour among you. There is not a mis sion in London in which your invitation has not given me year after year a share in your work There is hardly a mission in the diocese, the details of which I have not learned from your selves. And these close ties of common labour, and, I may say, of friendship and affection, have by the Sovereign Pontiff been knit together by a bond which nothing can dissolve. To live among you and to work with you in the intimate confidence and mutual love of pastors and brethren, who are spending and being spent for the flock ; in God's good time to be laid by you in the midst of those faithful servants who, after toil was over, have already fallen asleep ; and with them to be remembered by you at the altar this is all I desire and ask. You act to-day, with the help of the Holy Spirit of God, will give me courage for anything, In fulfilment of the promise I made you in June last, I did not forget you when I received from the Vicar of our Lori his parting blessing. I asked for you a plenary indulgence and a pontifical bene diction, which I will now convey to you and to all the faithful here gathered together, with the prayer that they may be powerfully assisted by the Holy Ghost to save the souls for whom Jesus shed His blood, over whom He has set us that we may give account to Him at the day of His coming.' The archbishop then retired from the church, attended by the clergy, and the proceedings ter minated. The whole of the arrangements, which were under the control of the Rev. Dr. Gilbert, were '- admirable, not the slightest confusion or over crowding in any part of the church occured during the whole of the imposing ceremony. 