SYDNEY SHIPPING. Abridged from the S. ti. Herald. ) _ ABRTVAU. Aug. 11.-Kiama (s.), wootons, Captain Houslar, from Mer- imbula 10th instant, with 12 passengers. 11.-Clutha, schooner, leo tons, Captain Bruce, from Circular Head 29th ultimo. 11.-City of Brisbane ft.), SOi tons, Captain Knight, from Melbourne 8th instant, with 38 passengers. 11.-Kembla (t.), 326 tons, Captain Mailler, from Clyde Uiver and Wollongong, with 11 passengers. 12."-You Yangs (e.), 474 tons, Captain Hcsclton, from Mel- bourne Oth instant, with 38 passengere. 13.-Claud Hamilton, 800 tons, Captain Henry Harris, R.N.R., from Auckland 2nd instant, with 44 passengers. 12.-E. K. Bateson, brig, l63 tons, Captain Castle, from Fort Victor 2nd instant. 12.-Octavian, ship, 950 tons, Captain Bristow, from Adelaide 1st instant. l8.-Florenoe Irving (s.), £00 tons, Captain Milman, from Brisbane 11th instant, with 71 passengers. 13.-Saxonia(B.), 500 tons, Captain Harley, from Rockhamp- ton the oth, and Keppel Bay tho'10th instant, with 32 passengers. DEPARTURES. Aug. 11.-Shelburne, for Shanghai. 11.-David and Jessie, for Newcastle, 11.-John Bellamy, for Shanghai. 11.-City of Melbourne (a.), for Melbourne. l8.-Tyra, for South Sea Islands. 13.-City of Hobart (s.), for Hobart Town. ARRIVALS OF COASTERS. Aug. 11.-Heatherbell, Jessie, Agnes, Lurline, from New- castle, with 020 tons ooal ; Paterson (s.), from Newoastle, with 55 bales hay, Stil bags maize, IS bags potatoes, 22 packages tobacco, 3G oases oranges, s hides, 11 bundles brooms -, Collaroy (s.), from the Hunter, with 70 bales hay, 19 bags maize, 2 bales skins, 17 hides, 1 case eggs, and sundries. 13.-Euroka, from Macleay Uiver, with 700 bags make ; Com- merce. Octoroon, from Klohmond Uiver, with 84 casks tallow, 760 hides, 1460 horns, 190 bags corn, 31,000 feet timber; Martha, Leonidas, Spunkle, Raven, Hannah Broomfield, from New- oastle, with 126 tons ooal; Barwon, from Richmond River, with 32,000 leet timber; Missenger, from Fort Stephens, with 19,060 feet timber, 20 bags oysters, 6 hides ; Morning Star, from Macleay Uiver, with 1340 bushels maize ; Coonanbara (s.), from the Hunter Hiver, with 1C0 trusses hay, 20 bales wool, 24 bags maize, I bog cotton, 100 hides, 1 cask tallow, 1 bale skins, 4 cases eggs, 1 coops poultry, 2 horses, leo sheep, and sundries. The Bungabee.-The Herald's Nowcastle correspondent .writes :-" Mr. Scott, having completed all his arrangements, made an attempt to raise tue Bungaree yesterday afternoon, but, It is to be regretted, was unsuccessful, in consequence of the supporting beams giving way. Mr. Scott, with a large number of meolmnlcs and labourers, bos been aotively employed on the vessel during the whole of the week, aud it is needless to say the work to be performed was one of muoh danger, very difficult, and tedious ; both Mr. Scott and lils son being in the water for six and seven hours at a time, flying the canvas lining inside the fore and aft compartments. The means em- ployed to rai<e the vessel it was generally expected would have been successful. Four large lighters were placed alongside the Bungaree ; two on each side. These were made securely fast by six heavy ironbark bcamB-three forward and three aft reaching across the steamer's deck to the outer eponson of the lighters, whioh were well shored up ; the beams were fastened down to the steamer by means of heavy chains passed under the lrou deck beams, and partially round the stern and fore part ; from the position of the vessel, the ohain could not be passed underneath the centre. The whole of the various com- partments were lined with oauvass, and fastened to the sides by means of a kind of double woodwork frame. This arrange- ment fully answered the purposes intended -, pumps were fixed in the fore and after part, the engine-room was Ulled with empty casks, and casks were also placed in the fore and after compartments ; the centrifugal pump was placed aft, gangs of men were told off to their respective positions, and shortly after two o'clock the actual work of commencing to raise the vessel may be said to have commenced. It was dead low water, the weather was beautiful, the sea perfectly calm, and everything promised a complete success. The lighters were in the position, and the arrangements complete, with the excep- tion of knocking In a wedge here and there, and other trilling matters. . About threo o clock all the pumps were sot in motion, with the exception of the centrifugal. In a very short time the fore compartment whb,nearly free from water, and the fore hold was hall empty ; the pumps also gained considerably in the alterpart, and it soon became ovldent that the forepart of the steamer was afloat. Tho tide was now making fast, causing a slight roll of sea to come in, whioh somewhat interfered with tho arrangements, causing the barges occasionally to become unsteady. About 4.30 the oentrlfugal pump was set to work, throwing up an Immense quantity of water. At this time the water managed to break over the canvas lining in the forccom partment, and llndlng all attempts to keep the vessel free wero useless, the men were ordered to desist pumping. The oreaklng and cracking of the Immense Ironbark beams gave evidence ol the immense strain upon them, and it soon became evident that tho aucsra* of ralston the vessel deneudodupon the strength of these beams, in a very Bhort time the whole of the beams bent considerably ; one or two of them split light up lrom the enormous pressure. Shortly afterwards the iirst beam broke short off, causing extra strain on theothcrs; but, notwithstand- ing, it was evident the vessel was lifting lrom the raotlou and occasional bumping, but it soon became evident the beams must give way -, every sudden jerk caused by the ewell of the sea made the beam crack and split. Seeing any further attempt that evening was useless, Mr. Scott ordered the mea to knock away the blocks and release the lighters -, the Prince Alfred tug and the Cyclops were in attendance, in case their assistance should bo required. There was also a large number of people down to witness the operations. There oannotbea doubt tho'attempt was not successful in consequence of iron bark beams being too weak for the purposes intended. This difficulty Mr. Scott can easily overcome ; and It Is to bo hoped his next attempt will bo crowned with success, ne has been to considerable expense in the extensive preparations. The lighters alone cost £80 per day when in use. not to say anything of the large number of men, appliances, &o;, &o; -Herald, Aug. 13. The City of Adelaide,' A. S. N. Co.'fl s., was taken on the Pyrmont Slip yesterday for the purpose of being cleaned and painted. As a proof of the great Improvement that has been effeoted in the working of the slip by the application of the hydraullo thrust by Mr. Jaffrey, the Company's superintendent engineer, we may state that this large steamer was taken up within two hours and a half with the greatest ease.-August 14. Weather Tables.-We have received a copy of a ohart published in Melbourne by G. W. G., containing weather pre- dictions, based upon the magnetlo theory, the information being similar to that given In Saxby's tables The present chart is compiled from July 180C to January 1807, and In reference to the predictions for July we find them very correct. For the present month the following dates arc set down as likely to prove stormy :-1st, Blrong breeze; Otb, strong gale; 7th and 8th, strong breeze, probably rain ; 10th and I2tu, strong breeze ; 14th, strong breeze, probably rain ; 17tb, strong gale -, 21st, 23rd, 24th, 28th, strcng breeze, probably ram. An application to the Postmaster-General for a seoond letter-carrier for the town of Bathurst has not been acoeded to by tbat functionary, on the ground that he has no funds at his disposal for suoh a purpose at present. Late Matbon at thb Infirmaut -A large number of friends will learn with regret the announcement of Mrs. Ghost's death, wbioh took place at the Infirmary yesterday forenoon. Mrs. Ghost was matron at this institution for about fifteen years, and six years pre- viously as nurse, bhe had bim ailing for.two or three weeks previously to her death.-Empire, Aug. 13, It is staled that the fortune of Míbs Fletcher, the fiancée of the lion. Mr. Cotton, varies from twenty-three to forty-seven thousand per annum, thus rivalling that of Miss Tempest, tbe late Dowager Marchioness ot Lon- donderry, who derived it from the Bime source, namely, coal. The bride elect may be deemed a black diamond of the purest walor. 