THE NEWS OF THE DAY. The suggested conference was agreed to by both Houses, -last night, without much discussion, and without aiiy opposition. The Assembly adjourned at once, during pleasure, when it knew that the Conncil was considering the qnestion. Meantime, ill spite of several rather violent speeches) no serious opposition was offered to Mr Fraser's pro posal, and seven members of the Upper Honse were chosen to confer with a like numDer trom tue Assembly. A message was sent to inform the Assembly of this fact ; and that Honse having at once agreed to join in the conference, and chosen its representatives, adjourned till eight o'clock, till which hour the Council also had adjourned. On re assembling the Council was iuforaied, by message from the Assembly, of its resolutions, and the con ference will meet at one p.m., this day. The Council then adjonrned till Tuesday, at four p.m. ; and the Assembly till four p.m. to-day. A summary of the English news by the mail, re ceived by telegram from Adelaide, appears elsewhere. The Bombay, with the Victorian mails, may be ex pected to arrive in the coarse of the afternoon. It is most pitiful that, at a great national crisis, when hours are precious, a man should delay busi ness, simply that he may indulge in his peculiar ec centricities ; yet it is difficult to doubt that Mr Fitz gerald exhibited that spectacle in the Council yester day. The hon. member is rather fond of saying ho is tho most insignificant member of the House. It is a pity that his conduct always' leads people to believe that he thinks very much the contrary. That he spoke for the sake of speaking must have been evident to every one present. He went on repeating, over and over again, remarks which might have been clearly and fully stated in five minutes. It was, in fact, a fair specimen of a stump-oration, and had all the worst qua lities of that style of declamation. Instead of addressing tho President, Mr Fitzgerald was re volving on his heels towards all parts of tho House, and especially to that part whero members of the other chamber were sitting ; and his use of such terms as ' under Heaven,' ' his last and dying breath,' ' walking over the crumbled rains of a con flagration,' and many of the same kind, together with his absurd assumptions of humility, excited considerable laughter amongst the auditors. As to his breath, they Beemed to think he oxpended a mast superfluous quantity. Indeed, the general verdict on the speech seems to have been Vox et praterea nihil. No, we are wrong, it was also ' knocks,' for the hon. member banged his own hands and tho table abont in a most persistent and sonorons way. By-the-bye, what does Mr Fitz gerald mean by ' a particle of obstacle,' or ' the essential of utility ?' His powers of endurance must be great if he was able to anathematise idle chatter without a blush. On the strength of a telegram, said to have been eceived yesterday by Renter's agents, it was stated that 'Sir Charles Darling had been dismissed.' The telegram was said to be dated London, 20th March. We imagine that this report is entitled to the same amount of credence as others of a similar character which have preceded it. It is not often that the venerable member for the 'Central Province, Mr Hall, is amusing, but he, last night, fairly succeeded in bringing down the House. The Council was actually boisterous in its hilarity. The hon. member was determined to make a sensation, and had apparently undergone ?a severe course of ' reading up' in the history of Frankenstein. Unfortnnately, however, he was anything bnt clear as to facts. Ho confused Frankenstein with the monster, and the monster with Frankenstein, until he became utterly unable to tell which was which. At last, excited apparently at a playful taunt from tho hon. Captain Cole, he gravely informed the House that Fraukenstein was ?a horrible monster which destroyed tho man that made him. This, of course, produced another roar of laughter, evidently to the astonishment of the ancient senator, who could not imagine what it was all about. Mr Hull apparently knows as much about Frankenstein as he does about the Constitution ; he bungles both. We wonld give ?him a bit of friendly advice. Let him leave poli tics alone, or he may find that he and others as loolish as himself will raise a monster they cannot control, and that they will meet the fate of Mr Hull's friend, Frankenstein. A board of inquiry, consisting of Mr Call, P.M., Mr Templeton, P.M., and the Sheriff, sat yester day, to investigate the charges preferred against Mr Connor, schoolmaster of the Prince's-bridge industrial school. Only three witnesses were ex amined. The proceedings were conducted privately. Mr Connor was allowed a solicitor to offer sug gestions, on the understanding that the evidence (Should not be divulged without the consent ef the ?Government. The inquiry is conducted on oath, and is likely to occupy several days, from the cumber of witnesses to be examined. A large number' of the Government railway em ployes met at the Western Hotel, Spencer-street, . . last evening, to take steps to represent to the Go vernment the inconveniences they labored nnder consequent upon the stoppage of their salaries. Mr J. lams presided, and it was ultimately agreed the chairman should wait upou the engineer in-chief with a view of ascertaining when the hon. the Commissioner of Railways wonld receive a deputation appointed by that meeting. It was also suggested by several gentlemen that the meeting ought not to press the Government to pay the salaries due, if, by doing so, they would be com pelled to forego any resolution they might have ar rived at in order to secure to the people their rights and privileges. Further particulars appear elsewhere. A deputation from the Connoisseurs' Club, con sisting of the Rev. Dr. Bleasdale and Mr J. Knight, the secretary, waited upon the hon. the Commissioner of Trade and Customs on Wednesday, to bring under his notice the claims of the club, on public grounds, to certain privileges of remission of duties afforded by the customs regulations with regard to the importation of wines. The deputation enlarged upon the extreme desirability of collecting samples of the best vintages, from the oldest vineyards in South Australia and New South Wales, so as to be able to institute comparisons between them and the younger vintages of Victoria ; and also to pursue the same course with regard to the wines of Europe. The deputation pointed out that all samples of wine received by the club would be carefully classified, and, when sufficiently matured, the va rious qualities would be scientifically investigated and reported on. As the labors of the club were entered upon without any consideration of a pecu niary nature, but wholly for the object of supplying the general public with authentic information re garding colonial wines, the gentlemen composing the deputation urged upon the Commissioner that it was reasonable for the club to apply for every facility towards enabling them to carry out their object. In that light they, therefore, submitted that samples of wine sent as bona fide contributions to the club from the other colonies or from Europe should be admitted duty free, the committee pledging themselves to see to the furnishing of a periodical statement of the distribution and applica tion of the samples. The Commissioner received the statements with much attention, and promised that, so far as the regulations of the department would permit of his promoting the objects of the club, his doing so might be relied on. With this assurance, the deputation withdrew. At the Fitzroy police court, yesterday, before Messrs Thomas and Born, Robert Hoolahan and John Tew, two cahdrivers, were fined 5s each, with 2s Gd costs, for driving rapidly past the Methodist Chapel, Napier-street, during divine service, on Snnday last. An habitual drunkard uamed Eliza beth Pearce, was sent to gaol for one month ; and Jessie Turner, a well-known vagrant, was ordered to be imprisoned for half that time. Michael M'Mahon, charged with having attempted to drown himself near the Johnston-street-bridge, was re manded till to-day to the East Collingwood police court. At the Sandridge police court, yesterday, Henry Dregmore was charged, on remand, with stealing a watch, the property of Frederick Waggner, and thirty pairs of boots, the property of Patrick Ward. The case has been before tho court several times, and yesterday, as the pawnbrokers could not identify the prisoner, he was ordered to be discharged. Carl Johnson, Franz Cortio and Andrew Keefer, sailors belonging to the Dutch barque General de Steurs, were each sentenced to six weeks' imprisonment for disobeying orders on board that vessel. Henry Johnson, on remand, charged with deserting his wife and child, was ordered to be discharged, as be had found two sureties for the payment of a weekly sum towards their maintenance. Charles R. Bourne was charged, on remaud, with deserting his wife and child. From the evidence of the wife it appeared that the prisoner married her about ten years ago, and co habited with her for seven years, when in conse quence of some misunderstanding with Dr. Crooke, in whose service ho was as dispensing assistant, he turned her out of the house, but agreed to allow her 25s per week towards her maintenance. This he continued to pay for twelve months, when he stopped doing so, and she became daring the next three months reduced to a state ef uttor destitution. She then applied to the Fitzroy magistrates, and Mr Duigan interested himself in her behalf, and ob tained for her a renewal of the allowance, which was paid to her for some time, when, without any cause being assigned, it was reduced to 10s. She then went to reside in Sandridge, and continued to receive at irregular intervals the pitiful sum sent her by her husband. When the remittance failed the wife was' obliged to take shelter in any place she could find, sleeping in stables and hovels, and leading a life of utter destitution, during which time she had a child at her breast. The prisoner asked her several questions, and she stated, in reply, that she had been imprisoned for fourteen days by the Melbourne magistrates as a rogue and vaga bond in consequence of her having bought some necessaries of life by his permission, and he after wards refusing. to pay for them, he at the time being in a good situation, and neglecting to allow her anything for her support. The prisoner, in defence, stated that the rea son of his separating from his wife was because he thought her mad, and Dr. Crooke had refused to allow him to remain there if she con tinued to live with him. He had been obliged to leave Mr Wragge's employ in consequenco of her conduct, and give up other good situations. Ho requested permission to read a history of his matri monial relations, which was contained in a volumi nous manuscript, but the magistrates, evidently frightened at the time such a proceeding would occupy, stated there was no occasion for him to do so. He then entered into a long disjointed state ment of his affairs. The bench, in consideration of the prisoner having lost his sitnation by being arrested, made an order against him for the pay ment of 10s a week for three months, the order to be renewed at the end of that time ; and if he had obtained a sitnation on order for a larger , amount would be made. Messrs Thomas an11 Plnmmer were upon the bench. We have received from the composer, Mons. N. La Feuillade, of Christy's Minstrels, a copy of a piece of music entitled ' Belle Brandon Schot tische.' A deputation from Melton, consisting of Mr Stanghton and others, was introduced to the hon. Mr Grant, yesterday, by Mr M. L. King, M.L.A., and asked that the Melton Farmers' Common, which contained a permanent water reserve, should be withdrawn from the operation of the twenty-acre leases. Mr Grant promised it should be doue. There was very little business disposed of at the city police court, yesterday. Thos. Fitzgerald was accused of stealing a bottle of wine from a case in the goods sheds of the Victorian Railway. Tho prisoner pleaded guilty, and he was sent to gaol for three days. A woman of questionable character, named Mary A. Wilson, who had been remanded on the charge of attempting to pick the pockets of John Gale, a private in the Royal Artillery, waB liberated, there not being sufficient evidence against her. In the county court, yesterday, Mr Otto Ber liner, of the Private Detective Office, appeared as defendant in a case in which Mr Bowmen demanded the return of certain moneys which he had paid to him for having a Mr Brand's movements watched It appeared that this Mr Brand had made an assign ment for the benefit of his creditors, and that Mr Bowman was free of the deed. Before the assign ment some of the up-conntry oreditors had em ployed Berliner to watch Brand, as it was believed that he was secreting property. Mr Bowman con firmed the arrangement, and it was for moneys paid in advance that the present proceedings were brought. The ground on which the demand was made was that there had beon an agreement that information of the absconder's intended departure should be ? given in time to prevent his departnre. The information, though given, was, it was stated, not given in time. The defence was that all duo precaution had been taken by the defendant. A man had taken lodgings exactly opposite Brand's place of lodging, at St. Kilda. Had constantly followed him, going in the train with him to and from Melbourne, and keep ing, in short, an incessant watch over his move ments. On one day he followed him to Sandridge, and saw him step on board the Sydney steamer. The intelligence was immediately commnnicated to Mr M'Kean (Mr Bowman's solicitor), and. having proenred a judge's summons, Mr Bowman proceeded to Sandridge, only to find the bird flown two hours before. This Mr Bindon urged for the defendant was not his fault, and farther, that the delay in procuring the necessary summons was entirely the plaintiff's fault. Eventually, the plaintiff was nonsuited on the ground that no special agreement was proved. There were no important cases at the Hotham police court yesterday. The magistrates were the mayor and Messrs Lloyd and Moore. Thomas Robinson, who was brought up on warrant for threatening the life of his wife, was bonnd over, himself in £20 and two sureties in £20 each, to keep the peace for six months. As he could find no sureties, he was placed in safe keeping. John Hughes was fined 10s for using obscene language, and his wife, Jane Hughes, was sent to gaol for a month for the same offence. Thomas Coleman, Vale-street, was fined 5s, with costs amounting to 2s Gd, for having his chimney on fire. David Florant, baker, of Howard-street, was fined £5 and costs for not keeping the yard attached to hiB premises clean ; and Patrick Mooney, in the same street, for the same offence, had to pay a fine of £2, with costs, this being his first offence. Patrick Ricrdan, for a like offence, was fined 10s and costs. Onr files from Tasmania are to the 11th inst. The H. T. Mercury says : — ' The customs revenue rallied again a little during the past month, and stands at £11,-135 13s lOd for March, against £8G71 7s Id for February. Of this £11,135 13s lOd we have to set down £7319 7s 5d to Hobart Town, and £1116 63 5d to Lannceston. But we have now the first quarter's receipts for tho year, and they stand thus Customs re venue, January, £12,200 9s 8d ; do, Febru ary, £8671 7s Id ; do, March, £11,135 13s lOd. Total for quarter, £32,310 10s lOd. That would come very close on the Treasurer's estimate, less the £10,000 he afterwards added to it, supposing it conld be sustained, of which there is not the ghost of a chance. To have come up to tho Treasurer's full estimate, it should have been £35,500 for the quarter, instead of £32,310 10s, and that would leave him with a deficiency of up wards of £12,000 on the year, supposing the next three quarters to be no better than the first. In the event of their being worse, the deficiency will, of course, be rateably increased.' Wo observe that active steps are being taken to wards the establishment of an asylum for tho blind. Contributions will be gratefully received by the treasurer, Jaines Moore, Esq., Eldon Chambers, Temple-conrt. In the Chess Tournament, last night, the parties were between the following players: — Ellis v Hammond, Burns v Burriugton, Tullidge v Lul man, and Cross v Uumack ; the first named in each pair being the winner of one garno, except in the last case, where the game was drawn. Messrs M'Cartby and Fawsett's game on the previous evening resulted in the victory of the fcrlner player. Mr George Coppin has initiated a company for the prosecution of deep nea fisheries. It is to con sist of 100 shares of £10 each. The management is to bo entrusted to the captain of the cutter which lately went round the coast prospecting at tho Government expense. He is of opinion that, on capital Bnfficient to pay for tho outfit of a vessel and gear, he would be able to return a very hand some profit, as be believes there aro several banks in close proximity to the coast, and fearer Port Phillip Heads. With the present demand for fish, Mr Cop pin's latest idea can hardly fail of bring forth golden fruit. A deputation from Clunes, consisting of Mr Jones, of the Ballaarat mining board ; Mr Maurice, of the Clones United Company ; and Mr Wakefield, of the Criterion Company, had an interview with the hon. Mr Grant, yesterday, respecting the with drawal of certain lots in Fraser-street, Clunes, which had been surveyed and advertised for sale. They urged that if the allotments were sold, they would be united and a lease granted to a company to mine the ground, and thereby come iuto conflict with their claims. Mr Grant said he would permit the survey to proceed, but promised that the allot ments should not be sold until the objections raised by the mining board and the mining companies in terested bad been got rid of ; and which a former deputation from tho same district bad led him to understand had been withdrawn. We take the following interesting paragraph from the Riverine Herald : — ' In the year 1815 Captain Sturt, on his return to the Darling from the desert interior, launched hi3 sea boat on the waters of tho Depot Glen, in the Grey Ranges, for the pnrpose of lightening his equipment. After the lnpse of more than twenty years she was lately discovered by the Commissioner of Crown Lauds for tho Albert dis trict in an entire state, not a plank having started, nor a nail or bolt been drawn. It was generally thought the blacks would have knocked ber to pieces for the sake of the ironwork. Her sound condition proves that she must have been afloat during the whole of the long interval botween her abandonment and discovery.' The Geelong Advertiser reports the following amnsiog incident, which occurred at the county court, on Tuesday, as illustrative of the inconve nience occasioned by the 'dead lock': — 'At a quarter-past six o'clock, when the case of Matthews v. Davidson was about to be proceeded with, Mr Gny, one of the solicitors engaged in the case, stated that as there were several witnesses to be examined, the case would perhaps occupy a consi derable time, npon which the following conversa tion ensued : — His Honor : If the case will take some time I Bhall be compelled to postpone it, as wo have no candles ; in fact, we have not received any stores for a long time. Mr Harwood : And are unable to get credit? Mr Gay: As there are several wit nesses who have been in attendance all the day, they would feel obliged if the case could be pro ceeded with. His Honor : What, without candles? Why we Bhould be snuffed out altogether in a few minifies. (Laughter.) Mr Guy : And we should then be as much in the dark as ever. The court was (hen adjourned.' The Emerald-hill Philaarmonic Society gave their grand Easter concert, at the Mechanics' Institute, last evening, when Handel's oratorio, ' The Mes siah,' was performed. The principal vocalists were Mrs J. C. Ellis, Miss Ross, Miss M. A. Liddell, and Messrs E. Exon, E. Amery and T. J. Trowell, with a hand and chorus of one hundred and twenty performers. The choruses were exceedingly well rendered ; and the air, ' He was despised,' by Miss Liddell, was very beautifully sung, the fine tones of her contralto voice suiting the music admirably well. The rest of the performers exerted themselves to their utmost to make the concert what it undoubtedly was, a complete success. There was very little business, for a Thursday, transacted in the equity court yesterday, and that little was of slighter interest than even the average of the hebdomadal proceedings of this not over lively tribunal. In the matter of Stephen Maher, deceased, an order was made authorising the curator of intestate estates to administer the freehold pro perty of the deceased. In re Thomas Walters, in solvent, his Honor delivered judgment, confirming the decision of tho Commissioner, allowing the certificate. Iu Stanway v. Stanway, Mr Thomas Brown was appointed guardian ad litem. In the insolvency of William Wood a settlement was set aside. In the matter of an application to set aside a sequestration of the estate of John Brown, deceased, judgment was reserved. Finally, in the Colonial Bank v. Corcoran, deceased, an order wast granted calling upon the widow of tho deceased to deliver up certain land to a person by whom it had been purchased from the deceased ; in default thereof a writ to issue to tho sheriff to put the pur cbnserin possession of tho land in question. Miss Bowering appeared at the Royal, last even ing, as Pauline, in Bulwer's play of ' The Lady of Lyons.' Her acting more than confirmed the opinion we havo already expressed of this lady — : that she is one of the most pleasing and intelligent , actresses tho colonial stage has seen. Mr Steele was the Claude Melnotte, and, though his im personation of the character lacks something of polish, it was very careful and well-conBidered, and proves indubitably that he is quite competent to fill the position -of a supporter to a star of the status of the late Mr G. V. Brooke. Mr Fuller's wonderful performance on the parlor skates seems to grow in public favor nightly. His imitation of a beginner is a most irrisistibly comic effort. ' Love's Sacrifice ' will be repeated at this theatre this evening, and to-morrow the tragedy of ' Romeo and Juliet,' from the original text of Shakspeare, will be played. Miss Cleveland will appear as Borneo and Miss Bowering as Juliet. A medley entertainment was given at the Poly technic Hall, by the Messrs Spillor, last evening. There was not a large audience. The same per formers will continue at the Polytechnic through the week. 