ttetf* 'opolifcan Spring? Vtocl MeetinlT (From the Hera Id J) Thf. Derby Day SATliRDA Y, SliPTEXIBF.il 1 Vfron : His Excell'-ncy Sir John Young, i «K. C, ]} ( G. C. M. G., &o.; President : the II «?,. B. Deas Thompson. 0. B. VicePreti «fe»t : mirci Cbceke, Esq. Judge and H.mdi ®air,p cr v -John Lackey. Ttrcafurer : llr Jo,|n I :'.Wt7...Latab. Starter : Hr W. G. Hen fr*y- Stewards ; Tho TIoo. E. Bona Thomson, the }f »n. -3ir 'W. M. Manning, Mr Richard Jones, Mr J- E.iD )wnc3, Mr W. M. Buabhy. Hon. Se cretar; ; nand Olork of.the Course ; Mr Buchan * ,|n'a. fail. 'ifci icpsning day of tbe Metropolitan Spring liliioe Mfr.tting nt Piandwiek waa rin every sense a suei jem: The unsettled weather . of the . two previ' . ®£' days, ,, and the gloomy overcast sky of Satur fe; :morniBg, oaused much .auxicty to the proim Ham of thy mooting ; but 83 -the forenoon of the Sii'Miy day aJujnceJ, tho sun broke through the cl . and 3 becnitiful afternoon was the re BVilf. ^Tlw Sf tendancisi on tho courao was larpe, Tnuch fargerthaa wns anticipated, the dull times and e Curoity of incaieyv boing considered. It was o?ft^ifiiy nofi so iai»rre , as upon tlio greal Cliatap piOb race day of; the past, or on one or ^ two other great occ; 8310133:; Lut it was fully aa large as it usinTly is upoip ac orrlinary race day. The road to -the course, too, va3 in a better condition than it V,as beon for stiv.sicil meetings past. It has Wen repaired in seT'prsil places, nnd, with tbe c-xoeplions of two or three short patches-of rough ground, the road 5s -all that oould be desired. The raiu that fell out Thursday was sufficient to thoroughly lay tho Oust, but not sufficient to liquify it into mud ; there was thsreforv but little matter for complaint ia regard to the road, either with respect to vehicles or pedestrians. IIi3 Excellency the Governor and Lady Youtig, accompanied by Miss Balton and Lord John Taylour, arrived at Ranilwick early in the after noon, and were received by the officials of the Jockey Club ; and npon malting their appearance .oirtbat part of tho Grand Stand set apart for the Governor and suite, the bund struck up the National Anthem, and tho whole of the people on ?tbe.s and rose and remained uncovered until the Viceregal party bad taken their Beats. That portion of the stand devoted to the members of ithe Jockey' C'lub and' their friends was occupied by a hrge number of the elite of Sydney, the gay toilets of the fair vistors imparting a gay and chcerful aspect to the sceno. Uefreshments wore supplied, as usual to thtS visitors to the Grand Stand, by W. J. O'iSrien, the enterprising proprietor of Tattetsall'a Hotel, who sIbo provided an excellent luncheon for tbe members of the Jockey Club and their friends, and another for the general publio. We must not omit to mention another little matter which contributed materially to the con venience of the visitors, namely tho race cards, or rather raco books. A.U the necessary infor mation respecting the namea of the horses, the colors of tho jockeys, weights to be carried, and the general conditions of each raco is compiled and printed in a convenient pamphlet form that oould be carried in tho waistcoat pocket. Opposite the printed conditions of each raco a blank page is loft for memoranda ; and four blauk leaves are perforated in linos, crossing each other at right angles, thus dividing oach leaf into eighteen sweepstake tickets, tho sizo of a penny btamp, Bsveuty-two ia all. It only remuins for us to state that the main feature of the amusements waa of the same char acter as tho concomitants — almost unexceptiona bly gool. Thoro were seven starters for the Trial Stakes, six for the Derby St.' Leger Handicap, six for tho Derby, four for the Innkeepers' Stakes, and ton for the Epsom Handicap. Warwick, Tbe s Gift, and Bulgirabar, wero the only horses backed for the Trial Stakes Warwick being tho most fancied. The raco was a good otio, but just before tho finish Ashworth let out his horno and took tho ' yellow and black' npon Warwick to tho front and thus accorded vietory No. 1 to Mr. Tail, .' The nextraooon tho card, the Derby St. Leger Handicap, was net rogardod as a certainty either for Tim WhifBar or Vurrovill, as Gulnare was reported to havo gone wrong, and it was pretty generally believed that nothing else in the raoe could pace with Tim Whiffler cxcept Varroville who waa as yet untried. Gulnare, however, ap pears to havo recovered in a most surprising ^manner, as she went to tho front on tho full of tho kept iu front to tho finish, aud was, in fact, -new?V' as&ed; to race. Al tho end of the first mile nnd aAjjua/ter Gulnare, with Tim Whiffler about -two loB.yths' in her rear, ran clear away from the iSemainjp^' h-iraos, aud at tho finish there could laotiUave ,'{i sen loss than thirty lengths between tfhe.floeondiCi'd horses, ? The result of this 'Bc&'Jtook oIkc. st everyone by surprise, not exeop.' ting ttie owner of *'1Q winner, who believed that .ho liad.no cha?i.V for it, seoing that tho filly had ?rf»ona lame audi Iheeo a week iu tho stablo, with *mly onocauteiy .and that on Friday morning. 'Tim Wifflor ran , a; &'ame horso in this race, and \--fjut for tho cruslscr' that he had on his back — 8st. I31bs. to Gu.Iuare'3 7 at. 51hs. — he must lliave won it. WitV-. 7s t. 41bs. iu the ' Metropolitan Stakes Ivil'dioap on Thursday next, ; ho may he in a different .position, aud certainly the fliers will havo to trA7«l fast, or tho cheque for the big prize will go tc Mr De fllestre. The next event was tho great .race of the day, the ? Derby, for which Fishhook, and The Barb havo ? been first, and second favourites ever since tbe ' last Autumn meeting. Of the performances of Fiflhhook and Budelight at the lnat Autuuin moot ing not ono word need be said hero, as it is in tho reoollection of all who take an interest in racing that, with equal weights, they ran right away from all the horses of tho same yoar that thoy met and that Fishhook was then made first favorite for tbo Dorby at an absurdly short prioo. This po&iop; ho maintained up to the start, tho odds then being on him instead of nguinst 1 iw ; but while tho majority thought that Fishhook u.ust win. not 11 few triioted their money to The Unrb, ? nnd waited in confidence the result. Thoy were | not disappointed, for the little' horse pulled ( fftiic j ''Blue Ribbon' cleverly, and the thunder of applause that, burst from the crowd us The Barb passod the post expressed more foroioly than words could do tbe goodwill which the patrons of the Turf entertain for Mr Tait. The colt waB well ridden by young Stanley — the rider of Volun teer when he won the Mayor's Cup twelve months ago— but I10 was never called upon to race The loy left his spurs ut home and he might have left h is whip also tor, The Hook never pushed hi u at any part of the race and as fur Badelight he was Am nil .1 tin.,1 l.- ? I ? C ? .1. . .1 /I imwue™ irorn me unie tne U9g was dropped until the enthusiastic cheers from the people on tbostaad and the thousands that lined the courao told of the-»victory of Tho Barb, Another round of cheers was given for The Barb as he returned to the enclosure, and another as lie left the weighing yard after weighing in. A blue ribbon — the insignia of the great race he j had won — was tied round the colt's neck, and he was led in triumph round the yard. Doubtless, a ?considerable majority of the people who witnessed ll-e-raO0 wete gratified at seeing a Now South Ualea horse win, but had Mr. Filgato been suc cessful he would have been most warmly congratu lated; and even now not a few attribute tho ' favourite's rfefeat to want of condition. To ap pearance lie waB the perfection of form, but when he returned to the saddling paddock after tho race it was very evident that his trainer had not suc ceeded in getting him into tho highest state ol which he is capable. We should not bo giving credit to whom credit'is due if we omitted to direct special attention to the running o! Bylong. His owner deserves all tho credit that springs from the fact of his having defeated the son of tho great Fisherman ; and Mr Lee, the breeder of bo'h The Barb and Bylong, ought to feel-proud of his sucsess in breeding such colts. It is somewhat noticeable that the winners of tho three first races wero all by Sir Hercules. The Innkeopers' Stakes was a gift to old Birmingham, who led all tho way from start to finish. The termination of tho last race of tho day was by far the best of tho five. Hulf-a-dozen of tho horses were all in a clustor, and it was impossiblo to see fr»m tbo stand in what positions tho first four stood. Braoelet and Ripidan finished with a dead heat, while Dundeo and Orphan, less than half a length from the heads of tho first pair, were almost neck and neck for third place. It was evident that Bra?e let could have won the race if he had Leen pressed, but hi3 jockey, believing that he had the raoe in hand, at least so far as the favorite — Dundee- was ooncerned, allowed Itupidau to come lip on the inside and so finish with a dead heat, whereas if ho had given his horso a cut with the whip three or four strides from the post ho must have won it at least by a neok, or perhaps by half a length. Raroly is a handicapper ao fortunate as Mr Lackey waa on thia occasion, in bringing the horses home almost within a head of each other. There was another good raco in running of! the dead heat, and a second dead heat was narrowly escaped. Braoelet was slightly in front when the flag was lowered, but ho allowed Rapidan to cut out the rnuning, with the hope, evidently, of col laring him in tho run in. 'this, however, was not to be, and Mr. De Mostre's horso pulled off the prize by a head. We have only to add that the officials performed their duties to the satisfaction of all concerned* and that there were no accidents, dispntes, or pro tests to mar the enjoyment of the day. A moro detailed account of the racing is ap pended. First Race. — The Trial Stakes of 4 sovereigns each, with 40 sovereigns added ; for 3 yrs. and upwards, which have uot won a prize exceeding 50 sovereigns in value up to time of entranco ; 1 \ inilo. Mr J. Tail's ch, g. Warwick, 6 yrs, ; 9 st. 5 lbs. (Ashworth) ? ? I A. Mackellai-'a b h Bulgimbar, 4 yrs; 8 st 12 lbs ( Holmes) ? ? _. 2 A. Bowman's d. gr. f. Maritana, 4 yrs. j 8st. 7 lbs. (Bishop) ? 3 Thomas Ivory's b g Wild Dayrell, 4 yrs ; 8st 9 lbs. Stoonson's br g C^oramin, 6 yrs 9 st 5 lbs, W. Winch's hi f Olga, 3 yrs ; 6 ft 12 lbs. J. Do Clouett's b g Tha Gift, 6 yrs ; 9 st 5Ihs Betting : — Even money on Warwick ; 2 to 1 against The Gift ; 5 to 2 against Bulgimbat ; 10 to 1 against any other. A very good start was effected, Cooramin and The Gift going to the front immediately upon the fall of tho flag, whi^e Bulgimbar was the last to get away. At the Rooks turn Cooramin was leading with Tho Gift about a length in his rear, and two lengths behind Tlio Gift was the favour itei with ' Wild Dayrell and Maritaua in olose at I tendanoe, and Olga hopelessly in tho rear. At tho back of tho course The Gift wont up to Coora miii and passod him, and immediately afterwards Warwiok olso collared and passed Cooramin. Just before reaching the Derby corner Bulgimbar was taken alongside of Warwick, and for a hundred yards the three wero all together. Warwick, however, went to the front as they were entering tbe straight running, and came up the course at a spanking pace, hard held. Bulgimbar was two lengths behind Warwick at the finish, and Mari tana, four or five longths behind him, defeating Tho Gift for third placa. Timq, 2 minutes 18J see. Second Race — Tho Derby St. Leger Handi cap of 200 sovereigns (from tho fund), added to a sweepstakes of 1 0 sovereigns each for accoptors ; h ft ; for horses nominated in eithor the Austra lian Derby of 1S65, or St. Legor of 1866 ; 2 miles ; second horse 40 eovoreigns from the prize 29 subscribers. Jtlr G. --Loo's ch f (Jalnoro, 7st Clbs (W. Gaorgo) 1 E.°Do Mostre's b c Tim Whiffler, 8st 13lbs (Stor.o) ? ? ? 2 W. Town's b f Ludia. 8st 2!bs (Cavauagh) ... 8 B. Itichards' b fj Littlo Robin, 8*t 5lba Judgo Olieeko'a b f Varroville, 7st 51bn John Loe's bl c Bnccanuor, 7st 71bs Bettine : 6 to 4 against Tim Whiffler, 2 to 1 against Varroville, 5 to 1 sgaiuat any other. Wlwn the horsi'N drew up for the start Tim : Whifll'jr'bt'camo very restless, and broke away j from tlio reet, causing soiue delny. At length j a tolerable line. was formed, the flag fell, and the j lot dabbed oil, Ludia and Varovillo getting- the i worst of it. Before a hundred yards had boen travelled over, Gulnare was in tho front, with Little Robin second, tho favorito third, Buccaneer fourth, and the two fillies fifth anil sixth. This order was maintained up to tho Derby .corner, and into the straight running. In passing the stand Gulnare had a strong lead, Tim Whiffler lying second, Little Robin third, Varroville fourth, Buccanecr fifth, and Ludia last. After passing the Rocks turn the favorito shook off tho horses that had up to that point beon in closo attendance, aud at the back of the courso the gap between him and the ruck widened at every stride. I Ho now essaj'od to reach Gulnare, whom he was overhauling fast ; he reached her girths aa thoy passod tho the traiaors' stand, but oould not get iu front as the filly was well in hand and had lots of i mining left. At the distance post Stone pulled out his whip and plied it vigorously in vain ; the 22 lbs difference in the weigiits told its tale, and the little mare came home an easy winner by two lengths, untouched by whip or spur. Ludia was botwoon twenty and thirty lengths behind Tim Whiffler Bucoancer was fourth, Little Robin fifth, and Varroville last. Time, 3 minutes 45 seconds. Thied Race. — The (Australian) Derby Stakes of 30 sovereigns each ; h. ft. ; for 3 years; colts, 8 st. 10 lbs. ; fillies, S st. 5 lbs. The second to receive 60 sovereigns out of the stakes ; miles — 35 subs Mr J. Tait's bl c The Barb, 8 st 10 lbs (Stanley)... 1 John Lee's c-h o Bvlong, 8 st 10 lbs (Cano) ... is II. Fisher's b c Fishhook, 8 at 10 lbs (Morri son) ? ? 3 T. Ivory's br o lllair Atliol, 8 st 10 lbB Judge Olieeko'a br c Sir John, 8 st 10 lbs H. Fisher's bo Budelight, S st 10 lbs Betting : Even on Fishhook, 5 to 4 against Tho Barb, 5 to 1 against Bylong, 10 to 1 against any other. The Sag fell to an excellent start aud so closo were they for the first hundred yards that it was impossible to see what was leading. When they passed tbo distance- post tho first time they had settled -dewn into their places, and in passing thu stind The Barb was leading, with Blair Atbol seoond Sir John third, Bylong fourth, the favor ite fifth, add Budelight last. In this order they passed tho Rooks turn, and raoed towards the Denison turn, where Bylong rau into third place, Sir John falling off. Fishhook now began tO J9!-ke plnj', he 73; y soon improved hi3 positidn, havitig passed Sir John, and imme diately afterwards Bylong. When opposite the new stand, and approaching the Dorby corner The Barb had a lead of a length, Blair Atliol still lying second) and the Hook closo tip. So they came oil mid tho stroight running, when the favorite made a futile effort to reach Mr. 1 Tait's oolt; He passed Blair Athol, however, but was immediately afterwards collared by Bylong, who beat him by a length for second place, Tho Barb being about three lengths in front of Bylong. Blair Athol was foiirthj Bude light fifth, and Sir John la9t. The Barb pulled off the great prizo withoiit being asked to raco from start to finish — indeed, the mile and a half spiti Was but a dantet fos him. Timo, 2 minutes 48^ seconds. Fouitra Race. — Tho, Innkeepers' Stakos of 7 sovereigns each, with 7.0 sovereigns added ; for til roe yeato and upward, which havo not won a prize exceeding 100 sovereigns ia tf&lUe; lip to the time of entranco ; a winner of such a priste there after to carry 31bs extra ; maidens at starting allowed 5lbs ; If mile ; seoond horse to reoeive 14 sovereigns out of the prize. Mr. Geo. Waldron's b g Birmingham, aged, 9it lOlbs (Donnelly) ? 1 E. De Mostre's gr g Jamboioo, G ' years, 9st 101 bs (J. Stone) ? 2 L. Flannery's b g Quadrant, 6 years, 9st lOlbs (Flanoery) ? ? ? ? 3 John Kennedy's bl h Don Juan, 6 years, 9st 13ibs. Betting even on Birmingham, 2 to 1 against any othor. This race is easily described. The favourite jumped off with a strong lead, was never caught, and won the raoe bard held. Jumberoo ran second and Quadrant third throughout, the latter being about six lengths behind Jamberoo at the finish, who was four lengths in rear of tho winner. Don Juan bad not tho ghost of a chance from tho start. Time, 3 minutes 21i seconds. Fifth Raoe, — The Epsom Handicap of 5 sover igns each ; h. ft. ; tvith 50 sovereigns added ; for 8 yrs. and upwards ;1 miloj sccond. horse 10 sovereigns from tho prizo : Mr E. Do Mastre's b g Rapidan, 6 yrs ; 7 st 10') lbs (Macallstor) ? ? ? ? t I John Seath'H, jun., br g Bracelet, aged, 8st. f 2 (Cane) ? ? ? J Ohaafe's na ch c Dundeo 5yrS;9st. 2 lbs (Driscill) ? ? ? 8 Georgo Waldron's ch g Orphan, 5 yrs j 7st 4 lbs. Mr Marsden'a gr h Albert, 6 yrs j 6 St. 7 lbs. W Parnell's b f Flour do Lis 5 yrs ; G st 7 lbs, E. Leo's oh g Hamlet, aged ; 8 st. F M Doyle's ch g Marcus aged ; 7st. G lbs. W Winch's b g Satellite, agod ; 7at 5 lbs. A Bowman's gr f Maritana. 4 yrs ; 7st. Betting 2 to 1 against Dundee, 2 to 1 against Bracelet, 3 to 1 against Albert, &\- to 1 against any other. Thoro was a good deal of difficulty in getting tho horses togother for tbo start in this race. At the first uttompt Marcua and Hamlot broke away and the formor ran a considerable di&tauoe; before he could be induoed to take his placo at tbe starting point. At length something like a lino was formed, and the horses were sent away, hut tho start was a vory bad ono.' leading horses wero longths away before tho remainder started. Albert, who was supposed to havo a good chance for it, being tho most unfortunate of all. We aro informed, however, that his bad start was owing in a great measure to tha man who hold him holding liiui after tho flag was I lowered. Hamlet got the best of it at tho start, and ho made tbo moBt of it for the first couj^lo of hundred yards, Bracelet was . seoond, Dundee | third, and tho .ruok immediately in the rear. Braoelet gradually overhauled Hainiet, nnd Dun dee cW.oil up aleo, bo that in passing the Derby Correr »be three were altogether. Bracelet eventually showed in front, and ho came up the straight running with a load of a head ; at the distance, post a rush was rnnde by the wholo of the. horses immediately behind, and before Cane could put on the steam, being evidently under the impression that he bad the raco in band, Rapidan, Dundee, and several others wero upon him, tho former and Bracelet finishing with a dead heat. Dundeo was third by half a length, aud Orphan was so close upon him that it was impossible to see from the Stand which had the advantage. It was the fiuest finish that we have seen at Rand, wick for many a day, and it may be long before we look upon its like again, Tho heat was run off about half-an-hour after wards. . Rapidan led all the way from tho post, ahd won by a head, both jockeys using tho whip from the distance post. This terminated the day's sports, and imme diately afterwards there was a rush made home wards. 