! ? TUESDAY, AUGUST 21, 1866. ' THE relations between' the Chinese people and this colony, and the duties incumbent on us in respect to Chinese immigration,, involve several important questions. We yesterday presented what we believe will be found to be conclusive considerations on the economy ' of the subject | and proved the inexpediency of allowing the unrestricted access of the Chinese. On the ground that our chief duty ss a com-, munity is to occupy and use this territory in the way best calculated to render the colony prosperous, and to advance the interests of the British nation, it is quite enough to prove the, tendency of any course to pro mote these ends, in order to justify its adoption. 'And as all who have found a home and a sphere of enterprise in Australia have done so under the auspices of Britain, it might be deemed a sound rule of duty that whatever policy is best for the good of the colonists and of the 'mother country ought to be maintained. And in showing that Chi- nese immigration, instead of advancing any of tho legitimate aims of colo- nisation, tends to impoverish the coun- try, we have furnished sufficient reasons to justify tho policy, of restricting that immigration. But a previous question has been moved. It has been alleged that we have no right to regard this territory as the pro- perty of the people now living in it, or of the British nation ; but- must' leave it open to all mankind without any restriction whatever. It has been said " that this country has no prerogative to exclude the Chinese, natural, moral, or constitutional." But surely the discovery and occupation of new territory con- stitute a title to the possession of ,the soil. Whatever disregarded claims may be asserted on behalf- of the Aborigines, as against all the rest of the world. England has obtained, through the successful enterprise of her discoverers- and settlers, a natural, moral, and constitutional right to tho possession of Australia. No nation, of Europe or Asia, at all events, can present so good a title. And on what ground can a claim he put forth for the Chinese to supersede the in- habitants of the British Isles in reaping the benefits of COOK'S discoveries, and PHILLIP'S great pioneering enterprise, and of all thc re- sources of intellect, labour, and money which England has dedicated to the colonisation of Australia? Property, private and public, has its duties as well as its rights. And those who have a rightful consti- tutional power over this territory are bound to use that power to the best of their ability for the fulfilment of the momentous trust com- mitted to their hands by Divine Providence. The great duty which the possession of Australia has entailed 'on Britain is the colonisation of this vast territory. Doubtless great benefits are to be ultimately derived by the populous nations of Eastern Asia, and the islands of tho Pacific, 'from the settlement in Australia of a people endowed with the energy and trained iu the civilisation of Western Europe. And our great duty towards the Chinese and Indian branches of mankind is to secure the maintenance of British insti- tutions, and the advancement of British enterprise in this continent, so that Australia may be,hereafter in a position to fulfil that parkin the regeneration of Asia which/as far as man can decipher .the purposes in process of development under the Divine government .of the world, is one of the chief glories of her destined career. To throw open the mineral wealth of the territory, which may under wise management be made to serve the highest objects of true colonisation, to a people who come not to colo- nise but. merely to carry off the riches of this land without contributing any- thing in return ; to admit in unlimited numbers a race whose presence has already provoked serious collisions in this land, and who have in Manila, Singapore, and Borneo, exhibited à. dangerous tendency as their numbers give them a preponderance .to-seek the extermination of their former matters ; to expose to an unrestricted influx of pagans, the morality of a community whose Christian principles are feeble enough to need vigilance and constant care for their preserva- tion and development, weuld be a suicidal abandonment of the . capacity for accomplish- ing the high aims to which patriotism and philanthropy summon the Australians. The right of self . preservation', is one of the . most incontestable. Even Christian missionaries, who. bave proved their love for the. heathen, by . going ' to spend their lives among, them, do not expose their children to the moral dan gera , that would encompass them m - -the midst " of heathen' society, but commit them to the care sf friends in a Christian country. Parents submit to be deprived of their children's' presence,, and tai leave them as orphans to the guardianship of others, rather than expose them,to the risk of association with the heathen. And in the ful- filment of its duty to posterity in this land, the Legislature cannot without guilt ignore the neceesity of providing that the children, and children's children of those who now inhabit the colony, and more especially those who are destitute of the means of voluntary seclusion which wealth gives to its possessors, shall, not. be doomed to such hazardous exposure, - . lt is not, as some endeavour to represent'' it, that- the opponents of_unrestricted Chinese immigra-' tion pride themselves on their own Christian virtue ; but that, because they regard the moral state of the colony as needing all avoid- able protection andj stimulus, they seek to avert a temptation the colony is not prepared to endure. A community-- thoroughly interested -with Christian ., sentiments; and habits ' might be .v able to bear without much injury a very- large influx of pagans?" ¡But'no one can pretend to believe that the inhabitants of New South Wales have' attáined any such security. So far then,from , our having no natural or moral right to,' re-., striot the immigration of .the. Chinese,, the exercise of the most indefeasible natural right; and the fulfilment of'the highest moral obli- gations resting on us,as a people, demand the. maintenance of some restriction. , The Sydney . Morning Herald has, in two ar- ticles, on Thursday and yesterday, attemp ted to meet the current objections to the unrestricted, admission of the Chinese. They ridicule ; the apprehension that the Chinese might flood the colony, because they have1 not overwhelmed New Zealand-from which the climate drives them away-or Queensland, which has been but a very- few years known as a ifield for,ex- tensive immigration. All the world' knows that China' is still in the ferment of civil war,' and nothing is] more, likely 'than ¡that the vic- torious party, among a.people so oircumstanced should drive their oppononts into exile. It is hot: ihat any,'wide-spread impulse towards emigration hui.,.yet...'gained'''the* 1,mind .pf the ? Chinese ; ;;but -Ithát "'. among ¡ a nation of three hundred millions whenever such an impulse does; come, it .vnll be formidable to any who lie in its "path. Those who deny that the, Chinese, .whatever their numbers, would ever become dangerous in this country," allege that they'Would-be;:'a'i servile race with only a permissive existence here.,, Either alternative would;be a calamity. J A race powerful enough to be dangerous to tlie peace of-tho community,-or-> submistive enough to be content with a .degraded p<8 tion, would be , the bane' "of the, çouutfy. But ". the . most remarkable - arguments used by ou^ contemporary in sup- port of the proposition to. ' admit the Chinese,"without restriction, .' aré tho com- parisons instituted between them and the writer's own race. - Are they ignorant ? Dr: LANG, for once /appealed to asr tl« Herald's chief .witnes's,>ays.that the English and.Irish brides of .some of them are still, more 'so. Are they unmarried ? So are many European emigrants; as if the untoward fact that f there is .not an ' Australian colony wherein the male population does not largely .exceed the female,"; were a valid- reason for increasing the evil.. 'Are they dirty? So are many, people in Sydney. These. com- parisons may excite a smile; but, who,'thai knows anything of the British Isles and colonies can-read without indignation the fowl libel on our race contained in these words: "Our people put their children down water closets; the people of China put theirs into a river« Our people.turn out on the highway and commit cold- blooded murders ; the people ¡ of China are given to strangulation for petty theft," If this representation were true, it would tollow . that Christianity has not raised tho nations of Europe to a moral state one remove from that of the heathens of Asia. If this be a fair comparison, the erection of a baby tower in the neighbour- hood of Sydney to be filled up day by day with the bodies of murdered infants would be no additional disgrace to this community. When such abominable comparisons are ap- pealed to in support of any social theory, it is manifest that the course so recommended ought-to be regarded with intense suspicion. We do not wish to blacken the character of the Chinese, but we cannot admit that Chris- tianity has done nothing to elevate the morality of Europe. We are no advocates for a poll tax on any immigrants'; but we maintain the necessity.of some restriction on their admission into this oolony. THE purpose for which' the State provides common . schools , is greatly misunderstood, especially by those politicians who are usually against the traditions of State policy. Whigs, liberals, radicals,, democrats, all. seem to think that State education is intended to enlighten people, and, immediately or remotely, to make them respectable members of the community. But these gentlemen are quite mistaken. Perhaps .the. State, should strive to disseminate intelligence so far, at least, as to prevent the evils which ignorance engenders ; but there is often great difference between what is done and what should be done; No European State has ever sought to culti- vate or enlighten the general populace otherwise than is of was considered proper for keeping the .populace in subjection, or, as it is commonly expressed, "to cultivate that degree of subordination which is so beneficial to the various orders of society." If the object had been to enlighten people, tho teachers would have been different, and the lessons would have been different. Very much surprised, and greatly disappointed European State authorities would be, if they found their scholars getting sense enough to understand anything but' their ' duty to their superiors. It is true, that in this country, and in some others,'the State provides a kind of educa- tion which is beneficial to the scholars so far as it goes. A good, or at least fair, elementary education is obtainable in most State sup- ported schools. But the Church, or rather the authorities' in the Church have for the most part been dead against any kind of education not under their control. Did they fear that tho multitude would be made too wise to be dutifully obedient and servile to their supe- riors ? They resisted it as long as they could, and gave way, only when they found their own favourite system in danger of suspension or extinction. Hereditary rulers, tories, their representatives; their tools and dupes, have' everywhere and invariably been in favour of the "Church and State" education.- Not till democrats became dangerous was the National system permitted.' Whatever be the nature or extent of intelligence devel- oped or promoted ' by these schools, is due, not to the State, but to demo- crats or' liberals; who are usually regarded as the national enemies of the State, although in truth they are enemies of nothing but State craft. But .for the presence of these gentlemen the State would go much further than it does in restraining and' repressing' the means by which the multitude are naturally enlightened, and with good reason. An intelligent people are always troublesome to bad rulers, and many rulers cannot be good, even if they were willing, which few are. When people' have sense enough to know that they are imposed upon, they are sure to make some noise about it, and perhaps stir up a tumult. This is highly inconvenient, especially when government is worse than ordinary. Now and then a government may be as good- as it well can' be under exist- ing circumstances; 'but no government is ever so true to the community as it should be ; and the worse it is, the more need it has to take care that the people shall not get too wise to submit to it. Whenever the multitude seem to be getting too enlightened for the peace or the prosperity of rulers, then it is the duty, or rather the custom, of rulers nearly all over tho world, to encounter the evil, and, if possible, to stamp it out, root it out, or starve it out. Formerly, they hanged, burned, or otherwise made away with the most emi- nent offenders ; and, when it was found that neither burning nor hanging prevented people from learning too' much, other means were tried. Then it was that authorities in Church and State addressed the' multitude in a language they could not understand,' which not only kept people in the dark, but taught them lessons of humility, for who can dispute that which is wholly unintelligible? When printing was invented the books were at first printed in a language' known to none but the nobility and clergy, so that they had it all to themselves, if there was anything in them worth knowing, which is very doubtful.' When, or soon after, books were printed in the vernacular language, the State appointed a censor, whose duty it was to examine every book and paper before publication, and to burn it or mutilate it; if it contained anything which he thought the authorities would not want the public to learn. When books or paptrs became numerous, their numbers were reduced, or their multiplication checked by' placing printers and publishers under vexatious regu- lations. When it was found that numbers of com- mon people were learning to read and write, the State tried, and with some success, to make their learning unavailable to them. They made paper and books so dear, that only the rich could buy them.' The .paper was taxed when it was made, taxed again when printed, and taxed once more when it was to be read by the populace. All these taxes could not be imposed without some hardship to 'rulers 'themselves, andjof course, they,gpt"aómé relief. The State Church! got its 'paper and., printing tax free., Booksellers, paper-makers, mer- chants, all-whe were wealthy enough' to risk something in foreign ' speculation,1' got the taxation returned to them, when they sent their -wares out of tho country. Quite recently the House of Commons, in a fit of unwonted liberality, took the taxes off paper: and tho House of Lords set their noble and reverend, faces against a proceeding so- mon- strous, so unprecedented, ' so, uncalled for, 'so certain to open the 'floodgates, to break down the, bulwarks,' and to undermine the Constitú- tion. The most noble of the nobility, and the most" reverend .of"the right-reverend in all England, absolutely refused to release the readers and writers of England from taxes which up to that time had prevented millions of the population from reading one half of all that was written for them, and prevented thou- sands of writers from telling the public much that would have enlightened them. The history of letters and of literature, in every State of Europe, and in most of the colonies, shows that the nobles and the clergy have always been striving to keep books and papers beyond the means, or beyond the understand- ing, of the multitude, and especially that portion of the multitude which works for wages; In the whole of the literate world, there is no places in which letters and litera- ture are made equally accessible to tho whole' population, except in the Northern States of the American Union ; and by all accounts, the people of these States, taken altogether, are the most enlightened, the most righteous, and the most free of any on earth, although they have not one State preacher nor one State noble among them. TUE SYDNBT INFI omar.-With reference to a paragraph in last Saturday's issue, on the Sydney Infir- mary, to the effect that a deputation from the Board had been appointed, consisting of Kr. Raphael, Ur. Coveney, Mr. Manning, and another gentlemui, to whit upon tho Colonial Secretary to make certain complaints of the management of the Infirmary-it appears that tba gentlemen above named were not deputed by the Board, but waited on the Colonial Secretary on their own responsibility. APPOINTUIKT.-We understand that Hr. Richard Milford, Associate of tho late Mr. Justice Milford, hss been appointed Associate to his Honor Mr. Justice Hargrave. VOLOMTZIB ABTTLLERT BALI.-Thia ball comos ail at tho Masonic- Hall this evening. We underatsnd that a large number of tickets have been issued, and for the convenience of those who have not yet been ablo to procaro them, tho committee will bo in attendance at the Haeonio Hall, from 0 to 8.SO p.m.. All volunteers intending to be present are requested.to appear in full uniform. * ' , Br. BBKESICT'B HUTCAI. Iur-Bovsuinr FOOIETT. Last evening, Mr. W. D. Cavsnough delivered a lecture ia St. Benedict's school-room, in connection with tho above society, the subject being, "The - young men of Australia.*' There was a tolerably good audience. The chair was occupied by Kr. Curran. . The lecture wai listened to with much attention by the audience, who showed their appreciation of tho lecture by frequent applause. After a vote of thanks to the lecturer the -audience dispersad. DKLAT IK TUB SurnBvre COOBT.-Yesterday morn- ing, after the jury had been sworn in the case of Day'v. Mortimer, a delay of considerably more then an hour occurred ia 'consequence of the absence of the counsol engaged for the defence. It was Only by the kindness of Kr. Balley, who came at a moment's notice, that tho business of the Court was enabled to be proceeded with. The Attorney-General and Kr. Darley wera tho counsel engaged by the defendant's attorney,. tho former bf whom was engaged on urgent public business at Darlinghurst, and Kr. Darley wai engaged in. another civil cause then being tried béfóro Mr. Justice Faucett, in the Jury Court Kr. Stephen, who was engaged as counsel for tho plaintiff, complained of the delay, more especially as ho Had at tho fast sittings in' Banco, been refused ten minutes' indulgence, in' a case which the Judges had placed upon the list after'tho usual notice, and: by which ho was taken by surprise, -and unprepared to.'do justice to his client. Kr. Stephen, after waiting so long, insisted upon tho plaintiff's right to go on with thë casé. Ho felt personally somewhat sore that more, indulgence Bhould be'extended to ona member of the bar than to another.:' It must hare been perfectly wo'l known to the gentlemen: engaged in the'case that both Courts would bo sitting ' at the same time, and that the Attorney-General would bo required at tho Criminal Court, at Darlinghurst. Under those circumstances some arrangement ought to have been made, by which such a delay might'havo been obviated. His Honor, Kr. Justice Oheeke, acknowledged ' that Mr... Btephen had acted with considerable forbearance in waiting so long, .and al the samo time told Kr..Levy, the. defendant's attorney,' that' unless some- counsel appearod for his prove his case-which would be merely by tho produc- tion of a bill of exchange accepted by the defendant-? and direct a verdict for the plaintiff. On this notice .being given, Kr. Lovy left the- court, and in a few minutes Mr. Dalley entered, and proceeded with tho case until - the arrival of tho Attoraey- Qeaeral from Darlinghurst Temporalice' Hall, Pitt-stroet, m furthsrance of the causo Of total abstinence. ' Tuero was a very large attendance; who partook of a substantial tea, which WOB presided over by several lady patronesses of the society. After the social meal had boen discusiod, and the tablea cleared, Kr. J. Carruthers took tho chair, and briefly addressod the meeting on tho advantages and objects of the association. The following roversnd gentlemen-then spoke of tho vice' of intemperance, and of tho train of evils which inevitably followed indul- gence in intoxicating'drinks :-The Rev. WV Kely nack, the Venerable Archdeacon M'Encroo, the Rev. Dr. Beg, ic After the numerous speeches, a varied pro- gramme of recitations and music was gone through in a most creditable manner, and the mooting broko up about 10 o'clock, every one appearing much pleased with tho evening's proceedings. \- RECEIPTS OT TITS EELIOIOCS SOCIETIES, LONDON. Tho holding of the "Kay meetings" at Exeter Hall, London, furnished occasion for a publication of tba re- ceipts: of the soclolies for tho year 18C5-6. From '(.Evangelical Christendom." . for June, wo tako the, following figures, which represent only tho contribu- tions of private voluntary benevolence ic eosnection with the societies which hold their, annual meetings in London :-British and Foreign Bible Society, exclusivo of £81,303 received from the sale of Bibles, £00,072;' Foreign Missions, by nine societies, £580,851; Colonial, Jewish, and Continental Hissions, - by oight societies, £101,001 ; Home Missions, . including the Bishop of London's Fund, tho London City Mission, the Irish, Church Missions, and . nineteen '. other undertaking,. £276,665 ; eleven Religious Educational. Sociotiea, I £01,451 ; Religious Tract Society, Protestant' Alliance, ic, exclusive .of £107,526,. received for.traols and book»,, £20,955. , Total, £1,070,558. , Thus the religious beoevolónos, which, yearly utters,:Us voioo in Exeter, Hall gives us a substantial proof of its elnoerisy J by contributing. over a million .of . money : for. the j prosecution of various missions. . . AMÍBAGULOus EscjU'E - On Sunday,aftornoon, a little girl named Louisa Stringer, eleven years af age . was .returning with her brother, about seven years of age; from the -Ohuroh of -England . Sabbath, school, Eaglehawk, to her residonco.in Jackass Flat,.; and on crossing the Agnew Reef, oppoiito tho polica station, ,ahe, in ai risky mood, ran upa heap of mullock round an old shaft, but when on the top the loose play elf so by the edge gave , way, and she fell down the shaft - a perpendicular ono for eighty feet, and then rolled down oaths underlie of the reef thirty feet farther. Her brother, hearing her cry, and ? seeing her ? disappear screamed with all his. might, and soon attracted the attention of tho police and other, perrons residing in the neighbourhood, who hurried ovor, and a ropo being obtained, two miners were lowered to tho underlie, down, which one of thom went and . found tho girl lying insensible,, and paleas a ghost, with the reticule; in which were her Sabbath-school books,. grasped tightly in her hand.. Bho was brought to tko surface,' and her hands and. face laved with water. It .was thought sho was dead; but atiera while consciousness, returned, and.the first words she uttered were, "Oh my mother ; my mother. She'll wonder what's keeping me out.",. Tho only injuries she appeared to have received wera a scalp wound oo tho back of tho head, and a slight abrasion of th« right, temple,-. Bendigo Advertiser, August 14. . CDIUOBITT.--Fossilised romains are common, mum- mified specimens not rare, but wo. have been handed a curiosity in the shapo of a grub, measuring three and a half inches in .length, so completely turned into wood, that it appears to bavo formod part of .the tree.from which it was taken, which deserves notice, The form is so completely preserved as to dispel. any. doubt that m¡«ht exist as to its originality, or as to its. being a freak of, nature In. the formation of a particular patt of the tree' .This ligiiified specimen may be seen at : thc office of this journal,-Western ttxamioer, : r ANOTHER SUDDEN DEATH-An inquest was held yesterday afternoon, at the residence of Dr. Bowker, on the body of Catherine Minehan, aged thirty years, who was found dead in her bed that morning by her fellow servant, Anne Trowbridge. It appeared from the evi- dence, that the deceased had only been in the service of Dr. Bowker for about six weeks, during the whole of which time she had complained more or less of pains, in her head and side. On Wednesday and Thursday/ the deceased was confined to her bed, but on the evening of the latter day she said she was better. She had spoken to Dr. Bowker about feeling; unwell, and had taken medicine which he prescribed. Some time during Thursday night, the deceased awoke and asked for a light, which was obtained. The next morning she was found dead. Anne Trowbridge, who slept in the same room, heard no noise in the night of any kind. When discovered to be dead the body was warm, but the limbs were getting rigid. - A post mortem ex- amination was mede, which satisfied Dr. Richards that the deceased died of apoplexy, produced by an unusu- ally large quantity of serum in the brain. The jury re- turned a verdict in accordance with the medical evidence. -Newcastle Chronicle. TUB MiaroBTDifs 07 A SFORTSMAN ' AHD ITS Cox SSQUEXCEB.-One of our sporting fellow-townsmen faa» got into a scrapo which will make him the first offender against tho provisions of tho Game Law, which came into opiration on the first of this month. Being pas» sionately fond of shooting, he went cut the other night: to indulge in the pastime, tho new law notwithstand- ing, fully (quipped on horsoback. Getting to av favourite spot, he left his horse, and, as fortune favoured him, returned to it occasionally. When seek» ing his horso for the last time tbs animal could not bo found, and aa it was very dark ho was obliged to> abandon tho search and go homo without it. In ths morning tho police, finding tho horse wandering abouts took charge of it. and,' upn inspecting "the saddle-bags^ . discovered two plump black ducks which had been> recently shot A short while! utter, the sportsman mader hil appearance, and claimed the horso'as hia property. Tba animal was handed over to him, minus tito ducks, and he is to appear before the Bench, on Monday morning, to answer for the feathered contents of tbe saddle-bags. Thus, misfortunes nover come singly. He began by losing his horse, and in recovering that lott his ducks ; and as the clauses of the new Act ar»! very stringent, he is pretty certain to suffer a loss in the shape of a fine.-Bathurst Timos. TUB CA WABBA.-Yesterday afternoon Captain Allen,, the harbour master, paid a visit to the spot where the* Cawarra was wrecked, for the purposo of ascertaining-" - whether any portion of the vessel could bo seen, other 'han that discovered by the diver who accompanied? . Captain Munroe on his recent visit to Newcastle. The-' weather waa beautifully fine, and the sea calm andfc clear, and as the boat passed over tho scone of the-' disaster, Captain Allen states that a short d¡atanco fron» ' ?he floating wreck in the direction of tho channel, he» , could plainly discern about eight feet from tho surface, ' tho engines, main shaft, and both paddle wheols. It will be recollected: that at the time the diver went down, and for some days previously, thora had been av . very heavy fieih in the barbour, and this may probably ' account for his being unable to perceive tho portions referred to, and which sro now plainly distinguishable- - with the naked oye. ?? Captain Allen immediately sent' intelligence of his discovery to Sydney, and at the some- time requesting that agoo'd-Eiiod buoy might bo sent7 here, and until the latter arrives, he has placed a floater to mark the locality.-Nowcaatlo Standard. THE OCCOPATIOX or CEOWK LAMES.-It Is now beyond all doubt tbattheGovernment -intend to do their ' bett to emasculate the Crown Lands Occupation Act: By this movement .they will - be enabled to command ' i the general support of the squatting interest, which is> vory powerful in the House. Their first step will be to-' : give the Crown tenants an. indefeasible right to th* i renewal of, their leases, which right will, in point of fact, qonfer the advantages of freehold without; the1 i inconvenient condition , of. purchasing. : The vast ' ; domains of the qolony will thus be handed over to the- .* rapacious equatter, who -in-return, will most willingly koop Mr. Karlin and his needy, colleague, Kr. John* 'Bowie Wilson, in office. Mr. .Martiire circumstance* of.life place him beyond tho temptations of pandering? to any section of the', community for his daily bread r ; bnt Kr. Wilson'* hydropathic practice is not'sufficiently- ?"' remunerative- to .remove him beyond : suspicion of truokling for the loarra, of office. Wo can scarcely i bring ourselves to believe that Mr. Parkes, tho " tribune ef the people," would consent to such gross spoliation. I of the pnblio property as that contemplated. . Tbe> ! liberal porty in . the House shauld organise a firm ' ! opposition, whilst out of doors tho people themselves j should bo up and stirring.-Yass Courier. I ' Tns MIBISTBY AMS THE : LAMD LAWS.--There are not wanting eigns that a storm is brewing in référença» j to the mal- adminiatration of the land laws by the pre» ! sent Government or by the Land .Minister, or whoevor else may have the felicity of assuming the responsi- bility of the matter. Th«.Government aro about to» proposo an amendment of the Act, and then tho political 1 pot will boil over with a fury which will surpass the-'. kindling beneath, it of any other fuel. It ia a significant circumstance that in the present dissatisfaction with the-. Lands Minister, the old discarded favourite should be again returning to take part in. poli.¡cs to redeem his-. past offences, mayhap by his able assistance in tho fresh, hour of dançor.The , people; who are generally ex«. tremely sensitive in respect to the management of th» publia estate, and who have never,been- induced to trust implicitly, in tbs prcsont Government aa a wholo,..-. and certainly not in that individual member' of it Kr. - John Bowie. Wilson, oro fully alivo to th* necessity of - check-mating his cunningly projected manipulation of. the publia lands, ' It is currently rumoured that the» . Government intend in their land law amendments tO> subvert al nott entirelythe purposes of the present Act,, to hand over io tho squattera their prosont leases upont soma tenure which shall asswer all the purposes of * freehold occupation unfettered with tho irksome ne-. oeui'y of handing .over tho cash for it - It is possible oertainly that thea« alarms may bo groundless-that the> whole of the present Ministry and the Honorable John Bowlo Wilson . in particular, may - : scorn to> compromisè tho ie publio interests -which they are sworn to guard, at the instigation of any class ia the- 8tato, however dominant and powerful. But the bytho aasumpÜona of. men who bave shuffled into high places to (iva them the .benefit of any doubts a» I to such' av contingency,. and, they, would be dreadfully : ! recreant to-.their , interests, in every way if they per- mitted aey. eet bf political .rats to insidiously, undermine the whole structure before they took 'notion to. drive? thom out , It behoves the liberal representatives of th», people to scrutinise* tbs - conduct of tho Miaiatry with. the utmost watchfulaess, for these iniquitous .compacts., by which a country is sold aro.effected under the most subtle disguises, and the most thorough tricksters are those who. palter! with, us, aa Shakapearo says, ? in av double sense, by holding out iba "word of promise to the ear and breaking it to the hopo.-Braidwood Dis-, patch. . . ; i ?? -.. ; , tan Diaowos.-Wo boar that the whole of Araluen* from tho Plains down.to Mudmelong, is likely to bo worked o vor agata! A great many, now piecos of ground, havo been discovered which wero passed by the! digger», who first worked the ground. : W* hear also that a ru» of gold has been discovered'at Lower Araluen' which, was lost aomojoar* ego, It is,projected starting!, two* or. . three ' more"compa'nios for ' "working the-, oreek at and bolow_ Orown_Flat,."and"wj"hear.', that th*"""whole';"of the-ground'-on tho creek iu this vicinity is being rapidly. taken; up , On tho othor diggings' matters ore. _nlso." very much improving, »nd th« present plentiful supply of water !a> leading to tho taking up bf many frosh pieces,of ground in difieren) places, and a considerable number, of parties possessing water races are now doing exceedingly. wojL There ba» been a large increase in tho number of ground!. ; sluicing chima of Jato, and if tho now Gold Fields.Bill, ?asses, ontérpriis in this direction wijl receive, a very . great impetus. We hear that, some new ground ha» been opened at another place , oh the Littlo. Rivor beside» those mentioned in ..our loBt ¡eátíe,'viz., at: .Sawpit Gully, a very.profitable.diggings, some.ycsrat-. back. , Wo have the pleasure of recording very favour«,, .ably respecting tho formation of. the new-Braidwood., Prospecting and 'Vining Company. . Since tho last meeting on .Monday nearly threo, hundred additional , ?bares: hare been, taken up, and the committee are: determined' to instituto" a thorough canvass of .the; wholo' district, omitting . no corner of ! it It is. the duty of our farmers, tradespeople, and diggers,,ono and all, to join this company, and assist in a proper research., for now gold- flolds, ona wo ore happy, to find'thot'.the -. general community exhibit no desire to shirk thoir res- ponsibility in .this matter, but generally como forward, liberally to put down their namoa on tho ahare list Alto-; gcther things in the digging world are improving, »nd this,important industry will, not, it is. satisfactory to, find, be allowed to.dwindle, away amongst us for tho sako of a little'co operation tb' put things on a bettet footing.-Braidwood Dispatch. -,,!. !¡4,v-¡. 