O.U-BMXXT-ÜJfvl.- JMl I Elf-Dr- 1 , BT CHABLII SICCKRI. ' - », Day wai breaking et P¡a»«water Weir Mill Lock Stan vere yet visible, but th«re was duli light itt th east thst .ai not the light of night, The moon ha< -gone down, anda mist crept along the bank a of th river, seen through which tho trees were the ghosts o trees, and the water waa the ghost of water. Tbi earth looked spectral, and so did the pale stars ; whit the cold «astern glare, expressionless as to heat o colour, with the eve of the firmament quenched, migh have been likened to the stare of the dead. Perhaps it was BO likened bj the lor ely Bargeman standing on the brink of the lock. For oerta n, Brad ley Headstone looked that way, wheo a obill air cam np, and when it paased on murmuring as if it whisperei come thing 'that made the phantom trees and wate trfmbler-or threaten-for fanoy might have made i either. He .turned away, and tried the Look-bouse door. I was fastened.on the inside. - "JU be afraid of moî" he mattered, knocking. Rogue Riderhood waa soon roused, and soon undrei the bolt' and let bim in. , " Why, Totborest, I thought yon had been and go lost I Two . nights awav ! I a'most believed as you'i giv'.me, the slip, and I bad as good as half a mind fe to advertise yon in tbs newspapers to oome for*ard." Bradley'B. faoe torned so dark on this bint, tba Biderhood deemed it expedient to soften it into a oom pl laen r. ' , . ."But not..yon, governor, not yon," be went on stolidly shaking bis head. ''For what did Issy tr myself arter having amused myself with that then «treob of : a comio idea, asa sort of a playful (tame! Why, I saya to myself, 'be's aman o'honor.' Thafi what I .says to myself. ' lie's a man o' doubb honor.'.". Very remarkably, Riderhocd put no question to bim He baa, looked at bim on opening the door, end hi now .looked at bim again (s'jealthily at the time), anc tho result of bis looking was, that he asked bira nc ?question.' . . " You'll be fer another forty on 'em, governor, as 1 judges, afore yon tarns your mind te breakfast," sale Riderhood, when his visitor sit down, resting his chir -on bis band,, with his eyes on the ground. And verj remarkably again: Ritterhood feigned to set the scant} furniture in order, while he spoke, to have a show ol «eason for not looking at him. " Tes. I bad better sleep, I think," said Bradley, without changing his position. ? "I myself should recommend it, go remo-," assen tee Riderhood. " Might you be anyways dry ?" " Tea. I should like a drink," said Bradley ; bal without appearing to attend much. ? Mr. Biderhood got ont bis bottle, and fetched his jog full of water, and administered a potation. Then, ht shook tbo coverlet of his bed and spread it smooth, and "Bradley stretched himself opon it In the clothes be wore. Mr.. Ride hood poetically . remarking that ht would p'ck tbe bones of bis night's rest, in bis weeder ?chair,;sst in the window.a« berore, but, as before watobed the sleeper narrowly until be was very sounc .sleep. :. Then, ho rose and looked at him dose, in the bright daylight, on every, aide, with great minute- ness. ; He went ont to his Lock to sum up what he bar] ?sen. ; ' Ono of his sleeves is tore right away below thi »Iber, and fothers lad a good rip at the shoulder, He's been bong on to, pretty . tight, for bis Bhirt's al! tore oat of the ? neok-gatbars. He's b:en in the gravi and ho's boen in the water. And he's spotted, and J know with whit, and with whose. Hooroarl" Bradley slept long. Early in the afternoon a barg« -came down, tither barges bad passed through, both wsys, before it ; but the Look-keeper hailea only this partienlar'barge, for.news, aa if ne had made a time calculation with some nicety. 'he men on board told bira à piece of news, and there was a lingering cn their part to enlarge npon Itv. Twelve boors had intervened sinoe Bradley's lying down, when he. got up. " Not that I swallow it," said Biderhood, ¡squinting at his Lick, wren be saw Bradley -coming oat of tbs bouse, ''as you've been a sleeping all the time, old boy 1'' Bradley came to him, sitting on bis wooden levor, asked what o'clock it waa ? Riderhood told him it was 'between two and three. " When are you relieved Î'' asVed Bradley. "Day arter to-morrow, governor." "Not Booner-?'1 "Kot a inoh sooner, governor," On loth sides importance seemed attached lo this -question of relief. Riderhood quito petted bis reply; Baying a second timo, and prolonging a negative roll of hi» bead, "n-n-not a inoh sooner govaruor.** "Did i tell yon I was going on to-night?" asked Bradlty. " No governor," returned Riderhood, in a cheerful, .affable, and conversational manner, " you did nat tell me so. Bat most like you meant to it and forgot to it. How, otherwajs, could a doubt have come into yoar . head about it governor I" " Aa tbe sua goes down, I intend to go on," said Bradley. , " So much the more necessarily ls a Peck," returned Biderhood. . " Come in and bate it T'otherest." The formality of spreading a tsblcc'o'.h not being observed in Mr. Riderhood's establishment, the serving of the/' peck" was the affair of a moment i it merely ?consisting in tbe handing down of a capaoions baking disb with: three- fourths of an immensa meat pie in it, .nd the production of two pooket knives, an earthen- ware mug, and a large brown bottle'of beer. Both ate and drank, bot Riderhood ranch the more abundantly. In lien of plates, that honest man cut two triangular pieces from the tbiok ernst of the pie, and laid them,-inside uppermiat, npoa tho table ; the one before himself, and the other , before bis guest. Upon these platters he placed two goodly portions of the con-: tent» of the pie, thus imparting the unusual interest to the entertainment that each partaker scooped out tba ioaide of his plate, andoonsumcd it with bis other fare, besides having the sport of puranii g theolots of con- gealed gravy over the plain of the table, and suecess "f ally taking them into his mouth at last from the blade of bis knife, in oase of their not first sliding off it. Bradley Headstone was BJ remarkably awkward at these exercises, (bat the Rogue observed it. " Liok out, T'otherest I" '. you'll out your hand I" Bat tl e caution carno too late, for Bradley gashed it at the instant. And, what was mora unlucky, in ask- ing Riderhood' to tie it up,.and io. standing close to bim for the purpose, ho shook his hand under tnesmartof \- the wound,' and shook blood over Riderhood's dnias. When einnor was done, and when what remained -of the , platters ? and .what remained of . the congealed gravy had been put back into what remained of the pie, whiob served as an. economical investment for all mis- cellaneous savings, Riderhood filled the mag with beer and took a long drink. And now he did look at Brad > ley, ar.d with an evil eye. T'otherest 1'* be said, hoarsely, as he bent across the table to touch his arm. "Tho nows has gone down the river afore you. '. " What aews ?" "Who.doyon,think,'' said Riderhood, withahitoh \- of his bead, as if he disdainfully jerked the feint away, " pioked np .the body ? Guess." "I am not good at guessing anything." ?"She did.i Hooroarl Yon had bini there agin.' The convulsive twitching of Bradley Headstone's faoe, and the sudden hot humour tba', broke out npon it, showed bow grimly the intelligence touobed bim. But be said; not a single word, good or bsd. He only -amiledin . lowering manner, and got up and stood leaning at tba window,' looking through It, Riderhood followed bim with, his eyes. Riderhoud osst down his eyes on his own bCBpiinkled clothes. Riderhood began to have an air ' of being bettvr at a guess than Bradley -owned to being. "lhave been so long in wast of rest," said the schoolmaster, "that with your leave ill lie down ? again." . "And wo'ooroo, T'otherest!?' was tho hospitablo answer of his host. He had laid himself down without walting for lt, and ho remained upon the bod until the sun was low. When ho arose and carno out to resume hi» journey, bo found his host waiting for him on the grass by the towing-ptth outside the door. " Wbonevor it may bo necesiary that^ycu and I should have any further communication together," said Bradley, " I will come back. Good night I" " Well, since no better caa. be,", said Riderlood, -taming on Iiis bee), " Good night f But he torned again as the other sot for-fa, and added unJer bis breath, looking aftor bim with a ltcr : '? You wouldn't bo lot to go like that, if my Kolief warn't as good as oort e. I'll cotoh you up in a mile," In a word, his real time of relief being that evening at sunset, lis mate came lounging io, within a quarter of an hour,' Not staying to fill up tho utmost margin offals time, bat borrowing sn hour or so, to be re- paid again when be should relievo bis reliever. Rider- hood straightway followed on tho traok ot Bradley Headstone. He was a bettor follower than Brad loy. It Ind been the calling ol' his lifo to slink and skulk and dog and waylay, and ho know his calling noll, Ho effected \- wak »CareW auroa oa >«a*4««r -la» Loch Ho- tka». de- valólos* ap »iib him-that U to say, aa cl OM ap «ita him al ha doomed it convenient to be-belora another Look wai passed Hie man looked b«ok pretty often as) he went, but (rot no hint of bim. He knew ho« to take advantage of the ground, and where to pat the hedge between them, and where the wall,_and when to duck, and when to drop, and bad a thousand arts b'vond tba doomed Bradley's s'ow conception. "But all his arts were brought to a standstill, like himself, when Bradley, turning1 into a green lane or riding by the river sido-a solitary spot overrun with nett'es, briar*, and brambles, and encumbered with the scathed ti unk» of a whole hedgerow of felled trie', on the outs li iris of a little wood-began stepping on their t'unks and dropping down among them »nd stepping on them again, apparently as a feb, olboy might nave done, bnt assuredly with no schoolboy purpose, or want of purpose. "What are yon np to?" mattered Bidorhood, down in the ditch, and holding the hedge a little open with both hands. ' And soon his notions made a most ex* traordinary reply. '.'By George and the Draggin,' cried Riderbood, ''if he ain't going to bathe !" I He had passed bick OB and among the franks of trees again, and had passed on to the water-tide and had begun undressing on the grass. For a moment it bad a suspicious look of suicide, arranged to counter- feit accident. " But yon wouldn't have fetohed a bundle nader your arm, from, among that timber, if such was your garnet'' said Biderhood. Nevertheless it was n relief to him when the bather after a plunge and a few strokes came out. "For I shouldn t,'* he said in a feeling manner, " have liked to lose you Uti I had made more money out of you neither." Prone in another ditch (ho had changed bia ditch as his man had changed his position), and holding spart so small a patch of the hedge that ths sharpest eyes could not bave detected him Rogue Bidorhood watched tho bather dressing. And now gradually carno the wonder that he stood up, completely clothed, another man, and not the Bargeman. ''Aha!" said Riderbood. " Much as you was dressed that tight I Bee ., You're a taking me with you, now. You're deep: But I knows a deeper." ' When the bather had finished dressing he kne't on the grass, doing something with, his hands, and again stood up with his bundle under'his arm, - Looking all around him with great ott ntion, be then went to the river's edge, and flung it in as far, and yet as lightly as he coold. lt was not until bo was so decidedly upon his way again as to be boyond a bend of the river and for the time oat of view, that Biderhood scrambled from the ditch.. "Now," was his'debate with ' himself, "shall I follow you on, or shall I let you loose for this enos, and go a fishing?" The debate continuing, he fol- lowed, as a precautionary measure in any case, and got him again in sight. "If I was to lot you. loose this once," said Kiuerhood then, still following, " I could make you come to me agin, or I oould find yon out in one way or another. If I wasn't to go a fi-hing, others might. 1 ll let you loese this once, and go a fishing !" . With ' that, be soddenly dropped the pursuit and turned. The -, miserable man whom. he had released for tho time, bat not for long, went on towards London. Brad- ley waa suspicious of every soondhe heard, and of every face he saw, but was undera spoil whioh' very com- monly falls upon theshedder ol blood, and had no sus pioion of tba real danger thit larked in his life, : and ' would have it .»et. Riderbood was much in his thou ah ta -had never been oat of his thoughts sinne tho night adventure of their first ' meeting ; but Riderbood oc- cupied a very different place there, from the place of pursuer ; and Bradley bad been at the pains of devisi-g 'so many mean« of Atting that place to him, and of wedging him into it, that his mind contd not compass the possibility of his occupying any other.. And this ls another spell against whioh the shedder of blood for ever at rives'in vam, ! There are fifty doors by which discovery may .enter. With infinite pains and cunning, he double locks and bars forty-sine of them, and can- not see the fiftieth standing wide open: Now, too, was he cursed with a state of mind more wearing and more we irisóme than remorse. . He bad no remorse ; but the evil-doer who can bold teat avenger at bay, cannot escape the Blower torture of inoeisantly doing the evil deed again and doing it more efficiently. In tbs defensive declaration* and pretended confessions of murderers, the pursuing shadow of this torture may be traced through every lie thoy tell. If I bad done it as alleged, ¡s it conceivable tnat l would have made this and this''mistake? If I bad done lt aa alleged, ' should I have left that unguarded place' which that false and wicked witness against me so infamously deposed to? The state of that wretch who continually finds the weak spots in his own orimo, and. strives to strengthen them when it is anchangeable, is a state that aggravates the offence by dpiog the deed a thousand times instead of once; but if' is a state,' too, that tauntingly visits the offence upon a sullen unrepentant nature with its heaviest punishment every time. Brailey toiled on, chained heavily to the ¡doa of his hatred and vengeance, and thinking bow he might bave satiated both in'many better ways than tbe way be bad tal en.' The instrument might have been better, the spot and the hour might bave been better chosen. To batter a man down fra m behind in the dark, on tte brink of a river, wax well enough, bat he ought to have been instantly disabled, whereas he had turned and seized his assailant ; and so, to end it before ohanee-helpoime, and tobo rid of him, he had been hurriedly thrown backward into the river before the life was' fully beaten ont of him. Now if it oould be done again, it must not beso done. Supposing bis bead bad boen helddown under water for a while. Sup- posing tba first blow had been truer. Supposing ne bad been shot. Supposing he bad been strangled. Sup- pose this way, that way, the other way. Suppose any- thing but getting unobainod from the one idea, for that was inexorably impossible' The school re-opened next day. The scholars saw little or no ohaoge in their m aster's face, for it always wore its slowly labouring expression. But, as he beard b's daises, he was alw.ys doing the deed and doing it better, As be paused with hispiese of ohalkatthe blackboard, before writing on lt, he was thinking of the spot,'and' whether the water was not deeper and the fall straighter, a little higher np, or a little lower down. He had half a mind to draw a lino or two upon tho board, and show himself what bo meant. He was doing lt again and improving on the manner, at pray- ers, in hiB mental arithmetic, all through his question- ing, all through the day. Obarley Hexham was a master now, in another Bohool, under another head, lt waa evening, and Bradley wis Wilting in' his garden observed from behind a blind by gentle little Miss Peeober, who con- templated offering him a loan of ber smelling salta for headache, when Mary Anne, in faithful attendance, held up ber sra. "Ves, Mary Aime?" " Yoong Mr. Hexam, if you please, ma'am, coming to see Mr. Headstone." " Very good, Mary Anne," Again Mary Ann held up her arm. " You may speak. Mary Anne? . " Mr, Headstone has beckoned yoong Mr. Hexam into bis house, ma'am,' and' ho bas gone in himself without waiting for young Mr. Hexam to come np, and now he hoB gone in too, ma am, and baa shut tbe door," " With all roy heart. Msry Anne." Again Mary Anne's télégraphie arm worked. "What more; Mary Anne?" "They must find-it-rather dull and-dark, Miss Beecher, for the parlour's -blind down, and neither of them pulls it up." '?' There is no aooountwg,". said good Miss Peecher «Ith a little sad sigh whioh aha repressed by laying her band on her heat methodical boddloe, " there ii no accounting for tastos. Mary Anne." Charley, entering the daik room, stopped short when he saw his bid friend in its yellow shade, " Como io, Hexam, come In." Charley advanced to take tho hand that was beld out to him ; bat stopped again, short of it. Tbe heavy bloodshot oves of tbe schoolmaster, rising to bis face with an effort, met bis look of scrutiny. " Mr. Headstone, what's the matter ?' «. Matter t Where?" " Mr. Boadstono,. have you heard tho nows? This news aboat the fellow, Mr. Eugene Wrayburn ? Tbat be ia killed?" " He lt dead, then !" exolaimed Bradley. Young Hexam standing looking at h m, he moistened bis lips with his tongue, looked about the room, glanced at his former pupil, and looked down. " I beard of the outrage," said Bradley, trying to con- strain his working mooth, " but 1 had not board the .nd of it." " Whero were yon," »aid the hoy, advanoinz a ftep as bo lowered his voice, " whon it was dono ? Stop I I don't esk that. Don't tell me. If you force your oonfidenoe on me, Mr. Headstone, I'll givo up every word of it. Mindi Tuke notice. I'll give up it, and PU givo up jon. I will I" The wrctohed orcature seemed to suffer aoutely under this renonciation. A desolate air of utior nnd com plo'.o loneliness foll upon bim, like a visible «bade. ' (To bo oontlnuod.) 