bEulep _30ott(ings. P'no1 ovn owx connesPoaNreer.] Sydney, August 13, 1866. A RIGlHTFUL accident occurred near Ashfield on Thursday night last. Mr. Owens the traffio manager at the Sydney Railway Station, Mr,? Ellis, the station master at Ashfleld, and a gentle. man named Donaldson, were driving in a dog- cart on their return from Five Dock, when thoeorse bolted near the junction of the Five Dock with the Parramatta road, and the dog-cdrt cspsizing these gentlemen were dashed out with great violence. Mr. Donaldson escaped with but very slight in juries, Mr. Owens, though very much cut and hruised, is not m any way seriously hurt, but Mr. Ellis is ferfully injured and lies in a very pre carious tate. Several of his ribsmrebrekeu,his head fearfully gashed, and one ear being nearly cut off, and a deep gash across the forehead from which most danger is anticipated. Mrs. Ghost, the matron of the Sydney Infirrinry died yesterday morning. The Government has sent home for four new nurses for this establish ment from the great Nightingalo school, and their arrival here will not be before their services are required, for Mrs. Ghost will be much missed in the establishment. She had been fifteen years matron, and six previously a nurse at this institu tion. James Cameron the criminal Inunrtic who stabbed . Dr. Greenup at Parramatta o short time since, iato t~ke his trial on the charge of wilful murder at the Criminal Court Assize now sitting. I believe that Mirn; Martin, the Attorney-General, depends upon receiving by the mail now coming the decision of the Privy Council in Bertrand's case. The Central Criminal Court commenced its sit tings yesterday (Monday). The cases set down for trial this assize are exceedingly few in number. The trial of Smith and Daniels for the robbery of the gold on board the (s.s.) Barwon on her last trip from Greymouth, has commenced, and witnesses both from Melbourne and New Zealand are in at tendance. It is reported that the Government intend to ap. point a commission of five gentlemen to enquire into the working of the customs department. The names mentioned are IMessrs. Stewart, King, Mon tifiore, and two others, and it is to be hoped that this action on their part so nmch needed, will bring to light the extraordinary proceedings that have been going on with reference to this depart ment. Sydney presented a most unusual appearance on Saturday night, on the arrival of the mail at Ade laide being telegraphed, the news spread like wild fire that war lad commenced in Europe, and the anxiety felt by business men to ascertain tlhe stale ofaffaiss (commercial) in England, brought an un usual number of people into to 'n. The Herald published an extraordinary at 11.30 p.m., but it did not contain a single line of commercial news, and great dissatisfaction was caused thereby. The only real news of importance that could be obtained was by the medium of the Empire office. It is high time that some change took place in the management of the Telegraph Department which is -at present very indifferently condvcted. At tlhe time the mail arrives the line is sure to be working badly, or a thunder storm has commenced, or some thing in wrong. On Saturday night there was no alteration to the usual story, in fact although the :superintendent was wallking about smoking his cigar all the evening, matters were not so expe ditiously arranged as they were when he was away on leave of absence, is it that his presence awes the officials into a muddled state of brains ? Mr. Goggin of the Caxton Advertiser, Pitt-strcet "has secured the contract for three years forprints Slag the race-books for the Pandwick Jockey Club, and tihe elegant style in which they were issued last races augurs well for .their future Sexistence. A novelty worthy of notice has been hltrodluced into them in the shape of Swccpstake Tickets, each book containing several perforated sheets whichl make cards about the size of a postage stasup, and as sweetstake tickets they answer admirably. The otward anppear.ace of the books is also very elegant, the covers being neatly printed in gilt. 