OPENING OF THE EXHIBITION. The third Melbourne Exhibition of natural products and works of art was formally opened by His Excellency the Governor at noon on the 24th instant, in the presence of a large concourse of ladies and gentlemen. The first of these now familiar gatherings took place in 1854, anticipatory of the Paris Exhibition held in the following year. It was a creditable display for the period ; and the fact of a light and presentable structure of wood and glass having been erected for the purpose added to the enthusiasm which the occasion evoked. The collection of articles consti- tuted, however, rather a bazaar than an exhibition, in the modern sense of the term, moBt of them having been supplied by fancy goods men and general importers. Native produce was but poorly represented, and out of the entire list of exbibitors only thirty six were in a position] to contribute to the Australian conrt at the Paris international gathering. The Exhibition held In 1861 was a great improvement on its predecessor, the articles exhibited of local growth and manufacture being numerous and interest- ing. The building constructed in 1854, with the addition of an annexe nearly as large as itself, waa used for housing this collection. The affair was an undoubted success here, and resulted in the Victorian court achieving a position of proud pro eminence at tho Lon- don gathering of 1862. It was declared by the compiler of the Illustrated Catalogue for that exposition that " a more extensivo and varied collection had never before boon sent from any British colony to Europo." Theso two events, however, though notable in Melbourne annals, sink into insignifi- cance when compared with the magnificent undertaking which was inaugurated on the 24tb. Both in conception and execution our third Exhibition stands out as a grand and peculiar one. For tho first time, the various colonies of Australasia meet in friendly com- petition at an independent gathering. It has been many months in preparation, and the interest attaching to it has gradually increased, as exhibition after exhibition, in preparation for the central one, has beeu held in the large provincial towns of Victoria and the capitals of tho neighbouring colonies. The response to tho invitation issued by the Victorian Commission, though for a timo in some quarters doubtful, ha3 boen a satisfac- tory one, and Melbourne may well foel gra- tified at the triumphant result. Whoever may havo originated the idea of holding an intercolonial exhibition, to Go- vernment and Parliament bolong the credit of having promptly adopted it, and takon stops to inBure its realisation. The Commis- sion nominated for tho purpose- was appointed a year ago-viz, on tho 27th October, 1865 and consisted, in the first instance, of the following gentlemen:-Sir Redmond Barry, Hon. George Harker, Hon. G. F. Verdon, Hon. J. F. Sullivan, Sir James Palmer, Hon. 0. J. Jenner, M.L.O. ; Hon. Wm. Degraves, M.L Q.; Sir Francis Murphy, Messrs. S. H. Bindon, ML.A.; J. O. Riddell, MLA.;J.T. Smith, M.LA.; Edward Cope, M.L.A.; Rev. J, J. Bleasdale, D.D.; Thomas Black, Ferdinand Mueller, F.R.S.; Professor M'Coy, Phipps Turnbull, Charles E. Bright, T. J. Sumner, and Robert M'Dougoll. Mr. J G. Knight, who from his previousoxperioncein connexion with tho Victorian Exhibition of 1861, tho London Exhibition of 1862, and the Dublin Exhibi- tion of 18G5, WOB generally regarded as tho fittest for the work, was made secretary to tho cnmmlRBinn to which tho following names Count de Castolnuu, Hon. J. Macgregor, Hon. W.M. K. Valo, Messrs. Wm. Bayles, M.L.A., James Harrison, and William AVilliams. It was Bpeedily perceived that the structure which had served for tho proviouB exhibitions would be utterly inadequate to accommodato tho collection which the various colonies might be expected to bring together; and ono of the first important acts of the commission waa to deolde on uniting with the trustees of the Public Library in orect ing an edifice worthy of the occasion, and BUitnblo for the requirements of a museum after the temporary purpose had been served As a consequence of this resolution, wo havo ?tho building which has now boon opened to the public. Excepting in so far as the plan of this structure is concerned, Mr. Reed, tho architect, has enjoyed but little opportunity of displaying his toBte. Only tho foundations and lower walls of the great hall and octagon aro permanent ; the superstructura ÍB of wood, which though capable of sus- taining its position for many years, ad- mits of no elaborate architectural embellish raont. The result ÍB that tho exterior of tho pile is as ugly as waB the monster shed which Captain Fowkcs constructed for the last London BIIOW, and the beauty of the interior is solely owing to its Jorge size and to the elegant decorativo colouring which has boon laid upon it. The naroo of the gentleman Mr. E. T. Bateman-who has accomplished this portion of tho work deserves to bo re- membered wherever any interest ia the suc- cess of this Exhibition is felt. Even fillod with all the rich exhibits which the colonios could contributo, the large room and octa- gonal hall owo one half their charm to the delicate and harmoniously-blended tints upon which the oyo roBts when lifted to tho upper part of the walls and to the roof. The buildings ocouplod by the Exhibition consist of tho great hall in which the mayor's fancy-dress ball was hold, a spacious octagon loading to it from tho Public Library, two opon-uir courts on each sido of this octagon, a northern wing containing tho machines, a Fouthern wing dovotod to the pictures, and a largo iron annoxo, entered from the central hall by a short covered way, and loading direct into Russell street. In addition to these, there aro the unoccupied portion of the garden in th< rear of the building, which will speodilj wear a more ornamental aspect than St now presents, and the basement under neath the picture-gallery set apart chleflj as dining-hall and refreshment-rooms hut also with cellars devoted to the exhibí tion of preserved meats, wines, beers, &c;, o which there is a fine collootlon. Whon it Ii remembered that tho central hall is 22C feot long and 82 foot in breadth, and thal the rest of the structure ÍB bullt on no limited scale, the amount of space at the disposal oi the commission is sein to be considerable, Largo as it ÍB, howover, if has boen found insufficient, and in many in- stances the goods have hod to be crowded together in a way that scarcely doee justice to thoir handsome appearanco. But this has boen unavoidable. AB is too fro quontly the case in enterprises of this kind, the exhibits havo been crowdod in at tho last moment, rendering tho process of arrange- ment pxtremely difliculfc. At the dat< originally fixed by tho commission as the limit for the receipt of applications for Bpace very few had come In ; it therefore becami jnccoEsary to extend it from time to time until at length applicants became almosi nora numerous than wolcome, and the do elded saccesB of tho undertaking was assured This latenesB of entry, however, has lod ti some confusión, both as regardB position in the rooms ^and accuracy in the cata- logues. These Matter have been very neatly printed by Messrs. 'Blundell and Ford. \ Before proceeding to give a detailed ac- count of tho opening, and euch description of the exhibits as a first inspection renders possible, we would briefly refer to the brilliant scene which Bet off Thursday's ceremonial. To those who had seen the hall on the previous evening, the aspect it presented produced a surprise which can only be fit- tingly characterised by tho use of Dominie Sampson's favourite word, " Prodigious." j Notwithfltanding that the mea under Mr. j Knight's charge had been working for the ¡ preceding two weeks with a vigour nntirlng, Tuesday witnessed a spectacle of confusion which seemed hopeless. One night, without tho aid of fairies, had accomplished wonders. A golden pyramid reared ita crest to the roof, whero before had been vacancy; ugly half finished trophies had grown into things of beauty ; banners,before huddled togethorout of sight, bung in proper order, eyeaoreBof parti- tions had disappeared, discovering long unen- cumbered vistae, empty cases had become full ones-in short, a vast lnmber-room had been turned into a splendidly-appointed bazaar. By half-past ten all this was complotod. At eleven, tbo Eeason ticket-holders began to stream into the building ; and at twelve, when Hi3 Excellency the Governor, accompanied by Lady and the Misses Manners Sutton, entered, and the excellent orohestra in the gallery struck up the National Anthem, the room was orowded. It is not too muoh to say that a finer sight has never been witnessed in Australia. The centre of the building, occupied by the decorated dais and its approaches, and filled with the well dressed throng, to whom the privilege of entree had been accorded, the rest of the floor of the room yet more densely packed, tho prettily arranged courts, each with ita distinotlve banner ¡ the elegant trophies and crystal orna- menta, and the fine expanse of lofty roof, made up a scene which we venture to asaert few colonies have ever behold, and the effeot of which to thoso present waB heightened by the grand muBic of the " Hallelujah Chorus," pealing through the hall. THE INAUGURAL CEREMONY. The ceremony of inauguration waB carried through felicitously from first to last. The lowering sky reduced the crowd of on-lookers at the chief entrance to tbo loweBt point public curiosity would permit, but then the several hundreds who wero there were enough to give the street the cheerful air so mnch required on occasions of the sort. A sufficient body of police wore by, to secure order, and they did their work efficiently. By eleven o'clock there was a press at tbo doors to obtain admission, but it was never very violent, thanks to the excellent arrange monts. Drawn up at the entrance by which the Governor was to cater waa a guard of honour, composed of about 120 volunteer?, belonging* to the East Melbourne, Emerald hill, St. Kilda, and Metropolitan Artillery Corps, and the Melbourne and North Mel- bourne, Carlton, Collingwood, East Colling- wood, Bichmond, and Southern Pifies, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Mair. Inside the building the spectacle waa splendid. Tile hall was divided by portable barriora into three compartments. Tbo centre waa for the inaugural ceremony, and only thoso who had special cords of entree were admitted to it. Other ticket holders had ingress to the spaces on either side, which were quite filled, and about 1,500 persons were witnesses of the proceedings. In this central area bad arisen duriog-tho night tho pyramid of gold repre- senting the amount of the precious metal trA¿ol\\-Vmd»heiuxobJwiierl.ÍTjs3íirJK)'ia.uííUÍ,i}iír7 Opposite, on tho western side, waa tho dais, on which wcreBeatB forHlsExcellencyandfamily, and it was surmounted by the elegantly paintedbanneroftheBrunswickMunioipality, on which the Royal nrmB ia pourtrayed. Bound about floated other similar banners, wboEe general beauty threw into most dis- agreeable contrast one of those conreo imita- tions of tbo Royal standard which are gene- rally to be found on Government buildings on etate occasions. Towards noon, the ap- pointed hour, tho groups grew larger and closer, and among those present were the fol- lowing commissioners, whoae lpte president, Sir Redmond Barry, was absent:-Sir Francis Murphy, the lion. Minister of Justice, the Hon. George Harker, the Hon. C. J. Jonnor, M.L.C., the Hon. W. Degraves, M.L.O., the Rev. Dr. Bleaedale. Dr. T. Black, Dr. Mueller, Pro- fessor M'Coy, the Count de Castelnau (consul for France), the Hon. Minister of Mines, the Hou. CommiBsIoner of Public Works, Mr. W. Bayles, M.L.A. (mayor of Melbourne), Mr. 0. E. Bright, Mr. W. Williams (mayor of Mel- bourne elect), Mr. R. M'Dougall, Mr. J. T. Smith. MU,, Mr. P. Turnbull, Mr. J. O. Riddell, M.L.A., Mr. James Harrison, and Mr. E. Cope, ML.A. Besides, there- were Brigadier-General Oaroy. commondor of the forces, and his staff officers, Colonel Tupper and Mojor Buchanan; the Hon. Chief Secretary, the Hon. Minister of Lands, tbe Hon. Commissioner of Customs, also commissioner for Southland. His Honour Mr. Justice Williams, the Bishop of Mel- bourne, the Rev. W. R. Fletcher, M.A., and the Rev. J. Ornstion and the Rev. M. Rintel, bia Honour Judge Pohlman; Dr. Brownless, vice-chancellor of the Mel- bourne University; Mr. J. W. Plooa Van Amstel, consul-goneral for tbo Nether- lands; Chevalier GiuBoppe Biogi, consul for Italy ; M. Adalbert Kruge, consul for Prussia ; Mr Cooper, consul for Portugal; Mr. J. B. Wero, consul for Denmark, Chili, Brazil, Sweden, and Lubeck ; Mr. Sill Clevo, acting consul for Hamburg, Bremen, and Hanover ; Mr. H. Follet, vice-consul forFrauce; Mr. J. Dainyon, vice-consul for Russia; Mr. G. Russell and Mr. J. Wilkie, representatives of Now South Wolee, and Mr. Dyer, secretary to tbo commission ; Mr. B. Herschel Babbage, . representative of the South Australian Com- mission ; Mr. R. Walker, mayor of Hobart. Town, Mr. Lewis, M.H.A., and Mr. B. B. Nicholson, representativos of the Tasmanian commission; M. Mathieu, Colonial Secre- tary of Now Calodonia, and M. Bou tnn, representatives of that colony; Mr. B. II. Bland, who, with Mr. J. B. Wore, was repreBontati ve of West Australia ; Mr. G. Dun- can (mayor of Ballarat West), who together with tho Rev. J. J. Holley, Mr. Cutter, Mr. T. B. Mathews, Mr. St. John, Mr. Levor. Mr. Lotimor, Mr. JameB, and Mr. Chaa. D Outh beit (bon. secretary), represented the Ballarat CommieBlonors. Mr. M'Intyro (mayor of Sandhurst), who with Mr. HolmoB, Mr. Bur raws, and Mr. Groy (bon. secretary), repre- sented tho Bendigo commissioners. Colonel Anderson, Commandant of Volunteers Captain Norman, of H.M.C.S.S. Victoria ; Lieutenant-Colonel Mair, R N. ; and a large number of members of both branchoB of the Legislature, There waa also present a large and brilliant assemblage of ladles. A few minutes before twelve, BO complete woro the preparations, Mr. J. G. Knight, the secretary to the commissioners, appeared with bound copies of the Exhibition Catalogue, wet from the printers and binders, for the moro distinguished of those present. As noon struck the vice-regal party ar- rived. Hia Excellency, Lady Manners Sutton, and family appeared at the entrance commu- nicating with the Public Library, and pro- ceeded to the dais. On tho moment tho band and chorus of 300 performers, with Mr. O. E. HorBley conducting, commenced tho National Anthem, with thrilling effect. It was ar- ranged in harmony and nnison, and ombßl lished with miginal instrumental accompani- ments by the conductor, and it pealed grandly through tho vast hall. As it concluded Sir Francia Murphy, the acting president of tho commissioners (the latter surrounding tho dm?), stepped forward and read the following address : "To His Excolloncy tbo Honourable Sir John Henry Thomas Manner* Suttoo, Kuight Commander of the Most Honour- able Order of the Bath, Governor and Commauderin-Chief in and over the Colony of Victoria, &c.; "We, the loyal and faithful subjocts of Hor MoBt Gracious Majesty, being the commis- sioners appointed by Her Mojesty for ma naging and conducting all matters relating to ana concerning the Intercolonial Exhibi- tion of Industries and Art, now about to be , opened, desire to welcome your Excellenoy on this auspicious occasion, with all dutiful roBpect, and to convey to you, as the repre- sentative of our Most Gracious Majesty, the "renewed expressions of our loyalty. " We beg to state to your Excellency that, by the munificence of Parliament, we are now assembled within a hall unequalled in the Southern hemisphere; and which, for extent and accommodation, as well as ex- cellency of workmanship, will, when finished, be a lasting monument of the public spirit of our Parliament and the enterprise of our people. " A report in detail of our proceedings will be laid before you, together with essays illus- trative of our great natural resources and of the social condition of the country, freely contributed by some of the most eminent men In our community. " It is also our duty to inform your Excel- lency of the cordial manner in which this Ex- hibition has been supported by all classes In this country, and of the intelligent help which wa have receivod from the manufac- turers and workmen of every kind, to whose ¡ practical and generous efforts we are indebted for much of our success; wo desire also to acknowledge the services of our late president, Sir Redmond Barry, in promoting the objects of this Exhibition. " Wo congratulate your Excellency on the arrival among us of representatives from New Caledonia, beiDg part of the dominions of His Imperial Majesty the Emperor of the French ; and also of tho important city of Batavia, part of the dominions of His Majesty tho King of the Netherlands, bringing to us the products and manufactures of their respec- tive countries, and pledging themselves to a friendship and brotherhood in the objects of this undertaking. " We further show to your Excellency that hythe public spirit, intelligence, and industry of our sister colonies, we have gathered within these walls a collection of natural products proving the richness of their industrial re- sources, and a collection of works of art, manufactures, and machinery exhibiting the genius of their artists and the enterprise and the skill of their workmen, contrasting in friendly competition with our own-all being suggestive of a future time when the Aus- tralian colonies will be great and prosperous states, rivalling European kingdoms in all that ie worthy of rivalry, and bound together by a united and loyal affection towards the British crown, as well as by the blessings of industry and peace. "We earnestly hope that thiB Exhibition may bo as productive of increased inter- course, of friendly relations, aud of all tho industrial advantages among these southern colonies, as exhibitions of a similar kind have been among European nations ; being an additional proof, even in these southam BOOB, of the forethought and sagacity of the good and illustrious Trinco Albert, whose memory will be ever revered, and associated with exhibitions of industry and art. " We now ask your Excellency to declaro this Exhibition open, and wo fervently pray that under the blessing of Divine Providence it may help our industries, promoto our prosperity, and be a bond of Btrength and union among the Australian colonies, and the friendly peoples associated with us on the present occasion." He also handed to His Excellency the follow ing: BEP0BT Ol' THE OBOANISATION COMMITTEE. . " On the 27th October, 1865, a Royal Com- mission was issued by His Excellency Sir Charles Darling, appointing certain gentío mon to act as commissioners for carrying out the arrangements for an Intercolonial Exhi- bition ; they have now the honour to furnish your Excellenoy with the following report of their proceedings : " The first matter that claimed their atten- tion was to find suitable accommodation for the proposed undertaking ; and it was decided at one of the earliest meetings of the com miEsioners that it would be inadvisable to expend funds upon additions to the old Exhi- bition-building in William-streot, but that proposals should be made to the trustees of the Public Library for collectively employing those placed by Parliament at the disposal of each for the erection of buildings which, alter the close of the Exhibition, would form an addition to and be made available for purposes in connexion with the Public Library. "The architect, Mr. Joseph Reed, formod the design, which resulted in the construc- tion of tnis magnificent hall; and the com- missioners were fortunate in obtaining the services of Mr. E. T. Bateman to superintend the work of decoration, which he haB per- formed so ably. «u*snJMnJiw:idi*crjL.-«ojaj _ittu_d3?/»orl **ß flnrm "The great hall, in whioh there is so large an assemblage, is 220 feet in length and eighty-two in breadth, containing 17,200 su peí ficial feet; the rotunda, 3,000; the north and south wings, 4,250 superficial feet each, "Owing to the numerous applications for space by Intending exhibitors, the buildings were found inadequate to meet the demand, and it was therefore deemed advisable by the commissioners to erect the eastern annexa, containing 7,800 superficial feet ; and even subsequently to increase its size by 3,000 superficial feet, extending tho roof to the entrance-gate pt RuRsell-Btreot, giving a grand total of 80,600 superficial feet. " It was thought desirable to divide the objects for exhibition into BÍX great classes : Mineral products, animal products, agricul- tural with horticultural and indigenous vegetable products, manufactures and the useful arts, the ornamental arts, and ma- chinery, "A committee of gontlemen was appointed to tilka Bpecial charge of each class, and cordial thauks are duo to those gentlemen, who have devoted much of their valuable time and attention in the successful carrying out of tho project. "Sub-committees wore then formed for arranging the details, and the duties which hove fiithorto devolved upon them have been cheerfully undertaken, and we have no doubt they will still use their utmost exertions for the eventual success of the undertaking. " The great hall and adjoining rotunda ara devoted to the purpose of displaying many and various articles of the greatest interest. To enumerate them all here is impossible, but Bpecial notice should be taken of the collec- tion of minerals, comprising a great variety of tho most valuable description, " Tho specimens of precious stones will be doubtless viewed with much interest, col- lected through the energy of the Rev. Dr. Blcasdalo. Gold and silver, in their natural state and refined, will be found in a COBB con- structed of various colonial woods. The banks in Melbourne have kindly placed at the dißpoeal of tho commissioners valuable spool mcnB, whilBt from the various mining dis- tricts beautiful collections of quaitz inter- mixed with gold have been foi warded. " A pyramid is shown, constructed by the energetic secretary of the commission, Mr. Knight, illustrative of tho quantity of gold, tho production of Victoria, from the year 1851 till a recent date. This structure is intended for transmission to'Paris, to bo placed in tho Exhibition-building there. "That the great reputation Victoria has earned in the production of wool is well descrvod 1B evinced by tho samples now in this building. "The local exhibitions held since last harvest, assisted by the agricultural societies of Victoria, havo affordod tho commissioners an opportunity of obtaining the best and most variod samples of grain. From their excellent quality they will compare favour- ably with the production of any other country. "Wines made in Viotorio are much used throughout the colony, being peculiarly suited for theso climates; tho character of Austra- lian wine is well represented in thiB Exhi- bition. " The specimens of indigenous woods, and their products, collected by Dr. Mueller, de- serve particular attention; time alone is required to ascertain the commercial value of the products of our forests, and if adapted for ornamental or othor purposes. " Models of fruits and vegetables, from tho beauty of their size and colour, the exact re- presentation of nature, point to the excel- lence of our climate and soil. "The organisation of various local ex- hibitions throughout the colony has been of much service and assistance, for to the un- wearied exertions of the local committees the commissioners are greatly indebted. "Products from the exhibitions hold at Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Beech- worth, &c;, have separate courts allotted to thom in thiB hall ; and complete collections linve been presented from the districts of Wangaratta, Dunolly, Clunes, St. Arnaud, and others. Our sister colonies, New S'iuth Wales, Queensland, South Australia, Western Australia, Tasmania, and New Zealand aro worthily represented by moat completo collections of tho various products and manufactures, an evidence of the richness of their resources and the enterprise of their populations. Special commissioners, as repre- sentatives, have been sent to attend this Exhibition, and have been for some weeks past actively engaged in arranging tho various exhibits collected either through tho liberality of their respective Governments or private means. " The north wing haa been sat apart for the arrangement of various kinds of machinery ; and in order that nothing may be wanting to make this important department perfect, throe engines, of twenty, sixteen, and four horse power each, are erected in the adjacent court, to afford the necessary motive power. " The south wing is intended for the exhi- bition of paintingB ; in it will be found many of excellent execution and of much value, comprising amongBt otbers the valuable col- lection belonging to the colony hitherto ex- hibited in the Public Library. " In the open courts will be observed foun- tains of the most beautiful and novel de- scriptions, which will add much to the success of the flower ahowa intended to be held from time to time, and arrangements for which have been made with the Horticultural Society of Victoria. " Pipes from the Yan Yean Water Reservoir bave been laid all over the buildings, so as to allay all apprehension of accident from fire : and an abundant supply of water will be forthcoming for all purposes. " In the eastern annexe will be found car- riages of all descriptions manufactured in Victoria, and it is believed they will contrast favourably with those of any other country in the world, both with respect to workman- ship and durability. In this portion of the building will bo fouud aleo many other arti- cles of themoBt interesting nature; and atten- tion is directed to the collection of war mate- rial courteously placed at the disposal of the commissioners-one interesting exception to the general colonial character of the Exhibi- tion. Much information, in the form of essays, has been provided by gentlemen in public departments, and ordered for publica- tion ; and it is intended that theeo works shall also bo published in the French language. "Mr. Brough Smyth, of the Mining depart- ment, bas kindly furnished a lengthened de- scription of the mineral resources of the colony. Professor M'Coy, professor of natural ECience in the University of Melbourne, makes a loomed report upon recent and fossil zoology. Mr. Selwyn, Government geologist, has presented a full and elaborate treatise upon the physical geography, geology, and mineralogy of Victoria. Dr. Mueller, our scientific botanist, a varied essay upon botany and the general vegetation of the Australian continent. Mr. Ellery, the Go- vernment astronomer and director of the meteorological department, gives a most interesting description respecting the atmos- pheric changes of our climate and other observations made at the Melbourne Ob- servatory. Mr. Archer full and elaborate statistics of the colony. " Lists of jurors are now in course of pre- paration, and ere long the perhaps most difficult and laborious work will be com- menced, namely-awarding to those who merit it a distinction earnestly hoped for by all exhibitors. "A medallion baa been designed by Mr, Summe», both chaste and simple, which it is intended to attach to a handsome decorated card to be presented to thoso considered worthy by the jurors of this distinction. " IthoB been the object of the commissioners BO to classify and arrange the various exhibits that each article may be distinctly shown. "The catalogue baa been complied with the [ greatest care, and contains the fullest infor-. mation. " Rejoiced indeed are all in affording a hearty welcome to the commissioners who visit us witb exhibits from the French co- lony of New Caledonia-a happy proof that the amicable arrangements existing between the mother countries extend to these remote colonies in the southern hemisphere. " The Dutch colony of Java honours Vic- toria in having accepted the invitation, and is present in this Exhibition ; and from the varied BampleB of produce it ia to be hoped material commercial advantages will accrue to botb. "The commissioners have to notrce with profound regret tho absence of their late pre- sident, Sir Redmond Barry, to whoso zeal, support, and untiring activity much of the success of this great undertaking is attribut- able. " In conclusion, they hope that the Inter- colonial Exhibition, in some degree prepara- tory to the arrangements for forwarding cer- tain productions to Paris for the Exhibition to bo held there in 1807, may in its resulta prove beneficial, not only to Victorio, hut the whole of Australasia, and bear a favourable comparison with the Exhibition of 1861, which wa3 held for the purpose of showing in Lon- don, in 1862, the various industries and pro- ductions of this country ; and may become a new starting point, from which more intimate social and commercial relations may arise. " By order of the committee, " CHAULES EDWAKD BEIGHT, Chairman." nuT'vDrc'e" To~DëniêMÏ throughout the greater part of the building) : " Sir Francis Murphy and Gentlemen of the Commission, " It is in the first instance my pleasing duty to offer to you my acknowledgements for the expression of your loyalty to our Queen, and in thanking you for the welcomo which you have on this auspicious occasion tendered to me asHer MojeBty'a representative I wish to assure you that I am very sonsiblo of the un- wearied energy and zeal which you and your late president, Sir Redmond Barry, have dia played in the performance of the duties entrusted to the commission, and that it is most gratifying to me to take part in a cere- mony which announcea the successful com- pletion of your preparatory labours. "This Exhibition, gentlemen, ia intended for the instruction as well as the amusement and gratification of those who visit it. It will, I trust, confer material advantages as well as honour on those who have contributed to the treasures which it displays, and it will, I um confident, promote increased intercourse and feelings of friendly sympathy between the communities and individuals who have united in this combined effort to obtain ex- cellence for themselves, and improvement for all by a frank and free competition here with their neighbours, and subsequently in Paris with the industry and skill of tbo world. "Such, gentlemen, are, I conceive, the primary objects of the promoters and con- tributors to thiB Intercolonial Exhibition. I rejoice to learn that New Caledonia and Batavia have associated themselves with us for the attainment of these objects ; and I unite with yon in offering to their représen- tatives, as well as'to thoso of our Bister colo nies, a cordial and hearty welcome. "It is no part of my duty on this occasion to endeavour to designate or select from omong the exhibits any particular article, or collection of articlea, tor special approval or attention. But I should do inj ustice to you, aB well as to my own feelings, if I did not avail myself of this opportunity of expreBBing to you, and through you to the architects, my high appreciation of the beauty of tbe design for thiB magnificent hall, and of its remark- able excellence in an architectural point of view as well as for the extent of the accom- modation which it provides. " And I may observe that the fact that this Exhibition-hall and the Public Library form parts of the same building alfords, as it appears to mo, a peculiarly apt illustration of the closeness of the connexion between in- dustrial progress and scientific research. "If, gentlemen, wo turn to the gold-fields of this colony, where the introduction of im- proved machinery and now chemical appli- ances has in a very limited period produced such marked results, we shall probably dis- cover there the most conclusive proof afforded in this part of the world of the truth and practical importance of this maxim. " But it ia in reality applicable to all in- dustrial pursuits, here as elaewhere ; and I truBt that this Exhibition will be, as each of those which have preceded it has been, the prelude, aa well aB an incentive, to an in- creased knowledge and appreciation of those laws of science and art by which industry is taught to select the paths leading directly to euccets, as regarda the extent and remune- rative character as well as the beauty of its productions. "We may, guntlomen, well feel gratified at being enabled, by the blessing of Pro' vidtnee, to display on thiB occasion new piools of the unsurpassed, if not unequalled, richness of our natural resources, and te point to the past as a period of rapid indus- trial progresa and improvement. " But it should bo romemberod that it is only in connexion witb and OB it bears upon the future that the true and full, value of the past can be ascertained and tested ; and while we aro entitled, with feelings of humble gratitude to the source from whom all real Buccess ia derived, to regard thia Exhibition as a trophy commemorating industrial vic- tories already achieved, and an industrial position already attained, I invita you to regard it also as affording tho starting-point from which wo should direct our exertions for the future. And In this invitation I bring before your notice, almost in his own words, the teaching of that illustrious Prince whose gonius, no lees benevolent and practical than comprehensive and philosophical, originated and elaborated the idea from which thiB and all other similar exhibitions have sprung, and to wboBo pro eminent services in the cause of scientific and artistic industry you buve already, in your addreüs, offered youi tribute of well- merited venoratlon and grati- tude. . " Gentlemen,-I unite with you in the fer- vent prayer that, by the blessing of the Almighty, this Exhibition may conduce'to the material prosperity of each of tho commu- nities whoBe industries are represented in it, and promote friendly sympathy and mutual co-operation between all. And, in accordance with your request, I now declare it to be open, 24th October, 1866." Mr. Macgregor, the Minister of Mines, then presented His Excellenoy with handsomely bound copies of tho catalogue of minerals exhibited by the Department of Mines. Tho musical part of the ceremony, which wasl mostly of a religious character, now began. First was sung, by *v-o performers before-mentioned, the Old Hundredth Psalm, also arranged for the occasion by Mr. Horsley, which was given with great steadiness, and listened to with reverenco mixed with plea- sure. Handel's Hallelujah Chorus followed, and was heard with evident interest and delight, as it set forth in triumphant tones the joyous and thankful feeling that naturally prevailed. The performance concluded with a grand march composod by the condaotor for the occasion. In describing it we cannot now go into detail, but believe it will be ad- mitted by the initiated to rank with the best compositions of our time. It was performed by the band with care and zeal, and elicited loud applause at its conclusion. It will not be out of place to state hero that Mr. D, Lee ably presided at the new organ, and Mr. E. King took the principal violin with his usual judgment and precision. The organ was built by Mr. Fincham, of Richmond, and when completed will be the largest instrument in the colony. At present, however, only the "swell" organ has been constructed, the great organ and choir organ being wanting. In its existing state it has only one key-board, but it has been built so as to allow the introduction of a second and third, when the other ranks of pipes are added. The swell, as finished, possesses the following stops :-Open diapason, stopt diapa- son, dulciana, principal, clarlbella, flute, twelfth, fifteenth, and sesquialtera, the last acting upon three ranks of plpe. There is, in addition a very powerful pedal diapason (16ft.) It may be mentioned that all the materials used in the work, including the "spotted metal" for the smaller pipes, have been manufactured by Mr. Fincham, who has every reason to be proud of the work. The .inauguration was now over. Ohoors were heartily given for the Exhibition, the Queen, and the Governor, and in a few minutes the barriers were removed, and tho company spread all over the building. Up to the latter part of the afternoon, 1,737 persons holding season tickets had passed at the doora. _ THE VICTORIAN COURTS MAIN HALL. The centre and left sida of the main hall are occupied entirely by Victorian products. The display in these courts is extensive and varied. It is natural that tho wealthiest and most populous of the colonies should be the largest contributor to the exhibition ; and besides, the circumstance-that the under- taking has its seat in Melbourne, affords facilities to a class of exhibitors who could not afford to reach a more distant scene. With all the advantages which Victorian exhibitors possess, the display in the hall indicates a great amount of energy and public spirit. Many of the exhibitors have gone to an almost lavish expense in fitting up oases for the ex- hibition, and the extent and variety of the industries represented prove how much, within the last few years, the resources of the colony have developed. On entering the hall ono of the most strik- ing objects which presents itself is the magni- ficent case of furs, exhibited by Mr. Gardner, of Collins- street. The case Itself, which is one of large size, and constructed with great taste, is made of Australian pine. Surmouut ing it at both ondB aro the Australian arms, composed of the eagle, tho emu, and the kan- garoo. The sides of the casa are coated over with kangaroo skins, with a tiger skin in the centre on one side and a leopard on the other. Tho display of furs is very rich and complete, embracing rugs, ladies' furs, boas, &c;, made from kangaroos, wallabies, opossums, native cats, flying squirrels, &o.; The different arti- cles are made up with great elegance and finiBb, and form an admirable rejiertoire ol this interesting department of native produc- tiques,1?.?-PA-116, r.uf>ÎLa_â v.____!__ "2aJ opossum; and so rare is the animal that if has taken about six years to collect the skins of which the piece is made. Anothei very fine rug is made of the skin of the native cat, bordered with that of the tiger cat o: Tasmania ; and another one is composée), in alternate squares, of the Tasmanian grey and Victorian black opossum. The Bhow o! ladies' furs is also very extensive. . A verj curious article in tills collection is a stand mode of kangaroo claws. It begins with the large claws of the " old man," aud ascendí with claws of gradually diminishing size till it reaches that of the "Bmall Joey," and the finishing point is made of teeth. There is another stand, made in tho same way, sup porting a number of Victorian blrdB. Per- haps, however, the most remarkable article in this collection is a table cover, manufactured in a manner whicb, we venture to Bay, is de- cidedly original. On a surface of green clotb is laid out the plumage of between seventy and eighty birdß, embracing representatives of the most gorgeous members of the feathered tribes that frequent the Australian woods, The beauty and effect of the table cover may therefore be easily imagined,; though no doubt it IB an articlo more ornamental than useful. Mr. Gardner also exhibits two seal skins, one dressed and the other un- dressed; the dreesed Bkin is as soft and velvety BB the finest down. The process ol dressing the skin is a somewhat long and laborious ono, nil the hairs being pulled oui of tho Bkin and the fur left. The ladies muffe, cushions, &c;, made of the down of the I black Bwan are extremoiy good, and the same may be said of the casings for ladies' feef when travelling. Mr. Gardner also shows very good specimens of stuffed kangaroos, I wallabies, birds, &o.; Mr. Honry Hart, of Colllns-Btreet, also exhibits a case of furs, which, though not nearly so large as the one we have juBt noticed, contains a very good display of articles of its class. The Bhov, made by Mr, Green, of Gerlrude-Btreet, in the samo class is very creditable. A horn ol plenty, mado out of a kangaroo's tail, at traded attention. Mr. Green also exhibitod foot-warmers of an original character, in [ which tho water can bo heated to210deg. maintaining its heat for a very long numbei of hours. i Immediately on entering the hall, on th< 1 left side, is the mediicval court, nearly all th< contributions to which are famished by Mr John Young, contractor. The great majority of the articles are made of wrought iron, al Mr. Young's establishment in Bourke-street and aro remarkable for the lightness anc finish of their workmanship. The object ha! been, as far as possible, to represent th< different ornaments of the interior of t medimval church. On the altar is a richly decorated tabernacle, surrounded with highly finished candlesticks. On each side are i number of figures in statuary, represents the Virgin and Child, St. John and Sr TbomoB and St Theresa. On the roof an several of the carved figures intended foi St. Patrick's Cathedral. The fonts aro verj good specimens of workmanship. One, fron a design by Mr. Wardell, is surrounded witl a rich tracery of flowers, and ia remarkabli for the mingled simplicity and elegance o its design. The communion railing is madi of wrought-iron standards, with brassspindlee and the processional torches are exceedingly tasteful. In the court is a number of alma boxes, sable croBBes, chandeliers, and othe: articles made on the medimval typo. Th wrought-iron flower-work, executed by Mi Samuel Arch, foreman to Mr. Young, i wrought out with great taste. At the interior side of the medioval dr partaient, MeSBrs. Ferguson, Urie, and liygo,1, class stainers, North Melbourne, exhibit fa early-English chancel, docorated in a higty artistic style. In the centre of the ceillnr is tbo Agnus Dei, surrounded with inscripton iirid Gothio clouds. Radiating from thisire twelve panels, each containing an emblen of tho twelve npostles. The walls are notly diapered. Over the altar-table is an.tllu minated oil painting of the " LaBt Super," on each side of which aro illuminated tbluts of the Commandments, Creed, and jord's Prayer. The windows, five in nambc, are of Btaiued glass, and illustrate the Nitivity, Passion, Crucifixion, Resurrection, andAscen sion, intended for the Episcopalian Chirch at Casterton. Over the windows is the eriptnre text, " Blessed bo the Lord God of Irael, for he hath visited and redeemed Hif people." In tbo medioval court, tho same tiru exhibit a variety of Btaiued gloBS windows, the prin- cipal of which are a ¡salvator Mund, a memo- rial, and a heraldic device, besides numerous samples of stained and embossei glass. ID emboeaed plate, they exhibit two samples ono with Btalned borders, and snttod for a hall window ; the other a large plate, nine' feet by four, for the staircase of Mr. W. J. Greig, of Toorak. In the fine-nits court, they exhibit numerouB coloured designs of win- dows tbey have executed during the past five years. The whole of the articles shown by this firm are mado on their own pre- mises, and show a very satisfactory state of art in this department. On the right side of the hall, at entrance, there is a magnificent display of Australian woods, the groat majority of which have been collected and named by Dr. Ferdinand Mueller. Dr. Mueller alao sends a number of contributions from the Botanical-gardens, including the medicinal bark of Victorian sassafras, Bamples of raw material for the manufacture of paper, samples of Chinese tea, wood, vinegar, and tar, prepared from ten different binda of wood ; a colleotlon of medicinal herbs, ink made of native sub- stances, &c.; The Contrai Board for tho Pro- tection of the Aborigines exhibit a very large assortment of native weapons, and also specimens of baskets, bags, nets, bonnets, pincushion?, &c;" the work of native handa. The collection is an unusually complete one, and illuatratea not morely what tho natives were able to make themaelvea, but also what they have been able to do under European direction. The principal part of the articlea cxbibited in this department have been for- warded from the different mission stations on the Australian continent. The show of upholstery and furniture is very extensive, and, indeed, contributes one of the very best departments in the exhibition. It proves tbat in this branch of trade, at least' the colonial manufacturer haa learned to v» with the most finished productions of tb home producer. Messrs. Beauchamp ard Rocke exhibit a very fine auite of bedroon furniture, mado of Huon pino. It compris« wardrobe, cheat of drawera, toilet-table, basia sland, mirror, and chairs to match. Tue pao ÍB ornamented with blackwood after a chiste and elegant design, and altogether the workmanship and polish of the articles aq of a very buperior character. The contrai ¿or in the wardrobe ia compoaed of plate-¡¡las8 j silvered in the colony. At each sid»1 of the drawers thore are email closets, and in the centre a clock, with a jewelcase behind, and a secret drawer opining witb a spring, The waBhhand stan/ and toilet-table have marble Blabs. Mpssra. Beauchamp and Rocke also exhibit emeral mirrorB, one of which is of great si¡¿ and encaeed in a gilt frame of unusual mssive nees and richneES. The same firm contlibute a chess chair of a Bomowhat novel resign. It ÍB mado nearly in the form of tbe later S, with a seat at each end of the letter and a chess table in the centre. It ia olgantly finished, and certainly forms a lu:urious seat with which to practice the mostabsorb ing of games. The suite of furniUro was designed by Mr. Rickards, foreman te Messrs. Beauchamp and Rooke. Mr. Wlitehead, Collins- street, exhibits a magnifient mir- ror, supported on a side table wit) marble slab. Tue design of the table ia vry elabo- rate, and it ÍB richly gilt. MessrsSolomon and Co. bave a fine anito of draringroom furniture, in walnut and green coth. Mr. E. Eftey also exhibits a gorgeas assort- ment ot drawingroom furniture, li red and gilt, of very elegant and finished workman- ship. The furniture supplied by Mr. D.M. Crowley, Mesera. Donaldson an/ Co., and the wardrobes of Mr. R. J. Roterts, made of Huon pino richly ornamenld, deaerve special mention. The wicker-worl chaira and basketa, manufactured by AuguatWiegmann, are tasteful, and, we believe, nivel of their kind. There is a very elegant creen, with flowers worked in silk on satn, by Misa Neighbour. Among the billiarrtables, there is a very magnificent one, in thicentre of the hall, mads by Paser Brothers, it ia made of blackwood, with pinewood iarvinga and ornaments, and altogether ia avery finished piece of workmanship. Twobllliard tables aro exhibited by Alcock andPo. The beds are made of colonial Blate, proured from the Castlemaine quarries in the /ougb, and ma- nufactured into billiard bed/ on their pre- mises in Rnssell-Btreet, wherethey have fitted up extensive machinery io/the purpose of planing, sawing, rubbing, dilling, and level- ling the slate to the greawt nicety. The frames and cushions of tb first table are made of handsome figuredblackwood, this being the moEt suitable titber for tho pur- pose, in consequence of ita solidity and density. The frame ia fornp of raised panels, and o twiBt moulding of Bon pine ia intro- duced along the centren the panel The same design is carriedout in the panel of tbe cushion, thua inning a pleasing contrast. The legs hob a very massive appearance, being lichly/arved, and aro fitted with adjusting screws, P that the table con hn Walled with the greteßt precision. The eeCOnCl tuUlC eAIllUltcu ¡J Uiuu. lo ut a ylntncc description, although /f handsome design. Over the tables are supended two hilliard lamps of elaborate maa designed and manu- factured by Alcock ancCo. ; and the marking boards for scoring the ^mes are really hand- some epecimeuB of colctial art. In the centre panel are two dials limbered, so that the game can be scored ujto one thousand. Out- side the dials, to fill u the panel, is fretwork of Huon pine, giving/he whole a very pretty effect. The cue rack' Rre fitted up on hand- some carved standainade to revolve, and capable of holding tfenty-one cuca. In all departmeta of apparel, bsth for ladies and gentlemo, there is a vory ex- tensive display. iloBars. Sargood, King, and Sargood exhiit a very haudBomely finisbed case, cotaining a rich assort- ment of gentleien'a wearing apparel. Among these maybe mentioned tho riding habiliments, whip ate of superior quality and workmanshir Tbey embrace a pair of white doe pots, toffod with silk and embroidery ; sevijal paira made of Bedford and Bliss cord, / superior cut and finish ; and alao moloskl ana sorgo panta, suitable for stockdrivers,pry strongly made. There aro several sam/eB of moleskin trousers, of the kind require! for bush and mining life, which seem to/ombine the great elements of strength fid durability. The suita of boys' knioerbockera are very elegant; the trimming/are tasteful, and the work- manship of tl/most finished charactor. Tho display of sa/ coate, trousers and vesta, is very varied, pey embrace every variety of material andstyle, and the workmanship would do cidit to any establishment in the world./Tho samples of military, police, and/volunteer trousers, made of material socially imported for the pur poso, are ^scellent. The overcoats are very obserable for the general character of their stie and worlimunBhip. They in- clude theCambrldge, Palmerston, and the Albert co/a ; and one light overcoat, made of Silesia;doe, Í8 admirable initsbtyle, and particular suitable for the climate. The under Afínela embrace Bomo materials of Buperiornuality. They aro trimmed with great t/te, and have double breasts, so ÜB to foai cliest-prcservors as well. The dis- play ofCrimeon shirts is very large, and em bracesJBigbteen different styles, the moat noticeMe of which ia one made at the neck and fbe\es exactly aa a coat; and another cut orthe model of- Ford'a Eureka shirt, with a poket in the side. The linen shirts are also ft very excellent character, and for work nmniVip and dressing could not be surpassed. 'Ihe/hole of theao articles have been made at Sfrgood, King, and Sargood's own eBta bliepent, under the superintendence of Mr. Ancrson. The firm has at work between twety and thirty sewing machines, and gira employment to about 100 hands. A hadsome case of gentlemen's clothing is aln exhibited by Messrs. Solcberg and Son, ofLittle Collins-street, who employ about 150 bads indoors, and about ninety out of doors. Messrs. L. Robinson and Co. exhibit a case o mantlea and millinery, embracing mauy sticleB richly and elaborately wrought. The ollcction includea white satin opera Talma, Vith deep trellis- work of braid and poaris, trimmed with handsome silk and pear fringe and ornaments ; black velvet paletot, richly embroiderod in white silk and crystals ; scarlet velvet opera jacket, trimmed with lappols of Honiton ; black silk palotots, one trimmed with white lace and satin rolio, the other with black Maltese flounce, headed with satin quilting; bluo velvet Zouave bodice, ornamented with white fro3tedvine leaves, silver tendrils, and bunches of grapes formed with pearla; and a very rich Cashmere jacket, trimmed with gold braiding. The case alao containa "the imperial bridal bonnet," made on a novel and elegant design. Flowing from the bonnet is a long veil, richly ornamented with Honi- ton lace and pearls, mounted with feathers and bridal flowers. The design of this bon- net is, we believe, quite a novelty, and is used in place of a wreath, BO that, on removing the veil, the bonnot is left quite perfect. The millinery department also includea chapeau Catalina, of delicate blonde lace, witb flowers, feathers, and silver arrows; Pom- padour bat, of blonde and flowers ; chapeau Bergère, shepberdeaa hat, of chip, trimmed, feathers: page's bat, of green velvet, with white plume; and'a few choice wreaths and bouquets. An elegant cane is oxhlbited by Bright and Hitchcock, drapers, Geelong. It embraces a great variety of dresBee, man- tles, opera cloaks, head dresses, and bounets. The trimmiiiga and embroidery on Borne of tho mantles are very tasteful and elaborate. Mr. E. Geach has an extensive caso of gentle- men's ticB ; and Messrs. Grover and Baker have a couple of sewing machines, and also a case containing children's dresBeB, monties, &c;, worked by the sewingmaohluo. Mr. Carter, Emfrold-hill, shows a case containing a nunber of stamped muslins, including pat- tens of great-variety for crochet work. He alsrj shows a design of his own invention for crothet patterns. In tho case there is a box containing 2,000 cases of Btampcd muslins. MCPBTS. Long and Co. have a CBBB, contahe.r ins a number of samples of work done i / Wilson and Wheeler's sowing machines. Mrs. Mealy and daughter, Elizabeth- street, show a number of hats made of straw. They are the first, we believe, who have introduced this kind of work into the colony, and it's execution seems to be wonderfully good. A v^ry handsome case of emu feathers is ex- hibited by Mr. John Robertson. They are eyed in every variety of colour, as are also a lumber of ostrich feathers shown by tho lame exhibitor. Mrs. Hill, of Bourke-street, aas a handsomely fitted-up case of ladies and children's underclothing, &c.; It includes, among other thingB, a Grecian shirt contain- ing 2,639 tucks, a tastefully quilted night- dress, and a diamond skirt containing 1,005 tucks. Mrs, Robinson, of Brunswick-street, haB also a case ofladieB'underclothing worthy of notice. Madame Decourtot exhibits seve- ral good specimens of stays, and also a was figure of the Empress of the French in opera dress. Mr. T. Henderson, of the Melbourne crinoline manufactory, Spring- street, ex- hibits a case containing three crinolines of a most elegant description. There is a very good display of hats; conspicuous among which is the case of Mr. John Galvin, con- taining every variety of " head gear," and exhibiting generally great excellence in the workmanship. McBBrs. Wallworth and Fletcher have aleo very, good casos of hats, &c.; There are some remarkably good collections of colonial-made leather. The moBt extensive exhibitors in this department are Messrs. John Clark and Sons, Elizabeth-stroet. On their stand there are about forty-four different kindsofleathor.includingalmost every variety from the strongest harness leather to the fineet morocco. Messrs. Clark employ up wurds of thirty men at their tan-works, and export leather in large quantities to all tho neighbouring colonies and to England. They havo distinguished themselves at former exhibitions, having received a silver cup at the Exhibition in Melbourno of 1854, a first class certificate in 1861, and a first-class medal at tho London Exhibition in 1862. Messrs. Brearley Brothers, of Geelong, oleo exhibit an extensivo assortment of all kinds of leather. Some elegant travelling cases and portmanteaus are sent by Pansauker and Evans, Queen- street. There ÍB a very good display of saddlery, and tbo workmanship is generally finished and elegant. The principal exhibitors in this department ara Messrs. Thomas Loader, Kerr, Charles Blanchard, M'Farlond and Sons, Melbourne, and Kill miaeter aud Pardue, Ballarat. Tho Bhow in shoemaking is somewhat ex- tensive, and includes, we wore glad to observe, a great many articles made from, colonial leather. The case exhibited by Mr. J. McGuigan, 19 Collins-street, contains boots and shoes of every variety of style, got up with great taste and variety. Cases of boots and shoes aro shown by tho Collingwood boot factory (made by apprentices, the eldest of whom has only been two years and four months at the business), and Charles Mould and Co,, Melbourne. There ÍB a good display of colonial made tobacco and cigars. The most con- spicuous case in this department is that of Owen, Dudgeon, and Arnell, Elizabeth-street. It embraces sixty-three different brands of tobacco, made from every variety of leaf, both imported and colonial-grown. It would be impossible to particularise all the various kinds, but we may mention that there is a very good specimen of aromatic, made from leaf grown at Nunnawaddeo. Messrs. Moss, White, and Co. exhibit a case of cigars manufactured in the colony, and made, wo believe, from a very superior leaf. Mr. B. Benjamin shows a handsome case of cigars. There ÍB an extensive assortmentof colonial made soap. Among the most successful ex- hibitors in thia claSB may be mentioned Messrs. T. Kitchen and Sons, Sandridge, and Tilley and Clack, South Yarra, One of the most conspicuous objects in tho centn) of the hall is the magnificent collec- tion of pianos shown by Wilkie, Kilner, and Co., Queen- street. The stand on which the instruments are exhibited is surmounted by a tasteful canopy, with curtains suspended. The collection ot pianos embraces almost every variety, from the 100-guinea instru- ment to the twenty-guinea article " for the use of schools." They are made of black- wood, muBk, pine, and walnut. The work »uouBiiip uuil decoration on some of the in- struments are of the richest character. One of the beBt ÍB made of blackwood highly polished, with a représentation of the Aus- tralian arms in front, carved in wood. There are also instruments of somewhat plainer character, and one of small size intended for the use of travelling professionals, and constructed chiefly with a view to stand wear and tear. It has been tho object of the exhibitors to have in the collection pianos embracing the different novelties of tone possessed by instruments manufactured in England, France, and Germany. There are some fine specimens of binding an d bookwork. Messrs. Sands and M'DougaU have a case containing a completo set of mercantile account books, consisting of ledger, journal, cash-book, invoice-book, ac- count sales book, private ledger, accounts rendered book-all made of the best hand- made papers, and uniformly bound in white vellum, with donblo rusBia bands, well finished. The case also contains a set of bankers' account books, strongly and elabo- rately bound. Mr. Detmold albo contributes some good specimens of account books, sta- tionery, and bookbinding. The samples ot printing Bhown by MesBrs. Blundell and Ford include newspaper, book work, colour, ornamental, and plain printing, and aregeneially well executed. The Bible Society send a case containing copies of the Bible or of the New Testament in forty-one diflerent languages, and alto an embossed Testament used tor the blind. The chemists of Melbourne contribute some handsome cases to the exhibition. Messrs. Hood and Co. havo a large case con- taining a variety of chemical preparations, spirits, _c, ; and Messrs. Bosiato and Co., of Richmond, exhibit a caBe containing var- nishes, polish, &c;, from colonial resinB. There are some extensive cases of liqueurs, cordials, bitters, &c;, of colonial manufac- ture, the principal exhibitors being Fliutoff and Co. ; F. and J. Hemmons, A. Felton, E. J. PrevOt and Co., B. J. Dixon, and James Dickson. A case of pickles, sauces, &c;, is shown by Frank Fowler, Melbourno. MeBerd. Tronson and Hill, Lygon-street, have a case containing a number of woollen flocks made from rags. They are of every variety of colour, and are UBed chiefly for stuffing. The Acclimatisation Society show some specimens of clothes made fiom the wool of the Angora goat. There is a lurge case from Harper and Co., of Flinders-street, containing Oeylon coffee, pimento, ginger, nutmeg, cinnamon, mace, pepper, rice, The samples seemed to be gene- rally very pure. A magnificent case of preserved and crys talised fruits, chocolate, and homoopnthio cocoa, French and English confectionery, was exhibited by Mesura. Giraud, Leonard, and Co. MeBsrs. Dillon and Burrows also exhi- bitod a handsome case of confectionery. Among the cases sent by the hairdrcssors and perfumers, there ia a handsome one from Campbell and Graham, containing, among other things, an elegant figure In wax of " Littlo Red Riding Hood," tho hair of which is most artistically worked into the skin. Mebsrs. Prevot and Bessieres and Mr. Eve have also CUBCS. Mr. Ohoiles Fitts, of the Sandridge Glue works, exhibits a case of glaa, containing some very good specimens. An imposing article in the centre of the hall is a larne pyramid of biscuits, exhibited bj Swallow and Ariel, Sandridge. It is sixteen feet high, and contains twenty-eight diflerent kinds of biscuit. The sugar, flour, and every ingredient contained in the blB cuits are colonial growth. The firm export a large quantity to the neighbouring colonies, and about fifty-four nando are employed in the manufactory. Messrs. Smith and Sou aluo show a large assortment of biscuits. Mr. W. O. Morton exhibits a model of a bridge constructed by the Victorian Engineer CorpB at the Sunbury encampment in 1860. The bridge can be erected in thirty minutes, and can carry with sofety artillery and catalry, and may be floated by rafts on rivers of moderate size. An important feature in the Victorian de- partment are the courts of our leading dis- tricts-Ballarat, Sandhurst. Castlemaine, and the Ovens. The Ballarat exhibits ore not all comprised in one court, but aro scattered throughout the gonurol Victorian products, and it is therefore the more difficult to select objects worthy of special notice. Mr. J. G. Sayler exhibits a magnificent blackwood btokcase, manufactured from timber grown at Warrenheip. It is very elaborately carved. and embellished with a variety of ornaments. There are also some very good rags, ladies' muffs, &c.;, manufactured from native skins by Mr. J. Stephens. Mr. Thomas Bladget has a very good show of colonial made hams. In the Sandhurst court, Messrs. Joseph and Co. exhibit a silver model of a quartz crushing machine. The model, which is very complete, and made with great taste, is the work of Mr. R E. Joseph, and is driven by electro-magnetic power. The leather exhi- bited by Messrs. Goudge and Sibley em- braces? a great variety of kinds, and speaks much for the enterprise of the district in this branch of industry. The collection of pottery sent by Mr. Guthrie, of the Bendigo Potters, Epsom, is extensive, and includes jars, filters, wine barrels, flower-pots. &c.; There ia a very good display from the Ovenii district, embracing a full representation of the different products of that part of the colony. There is a large case of dried fruits, grown in the district ; it includes Zante currants, grown by Mr. Lyndesey Watson, near the Murray ; raisins, apricots, peaches, and nectarines, exhibited by Mr. Pooley and Mr. Chafer, Bar- nawartha. There are jams, ketchups, and sauces prepared by H. Dunn, Beechworth. Tobacco, both manufactured and in leaf, is shown by Mr. James Henley, Oxley Plains ; yeast-powdor, by Mr. Lloyd, of Growler's Creek ; and Boda and aerated waters, by Allesley and Ruseom. Beechworth. There are a good many samples of the different woods of the district, Buch aa Murray pine, maple, &c;, the principal exhibitors being Alossrs. Slater, Stepbens, and Reid. Mr. Edwards, Beechworth, exhibits some caska made from messmate timber. It is only within the last year or two that this wood baa been applied to this particular purpose, and experience has proved that it btands well and dooB not (Shrink. The specimens of grain from the district are considerable in number, and look very well in quality. A Bomewhot curious exhibit is a horseshoe made by Mr. S, Taylor, Beecbworth, which purports to be made on a novel principle. One side of the shoe ia moveable, so as to give the foot of the horse ita natural elasticity. As it yields at every step made by the animal, it ia described as of great advantage especially when the boree is leaping. Mr. Macaba, of Chiltern, oxhibits a model of a safety hook, which the more weight that is brought to bear on it presses the moro tightly. Ho also sends a stirrup, with a moveable foot-rest, the object of which ia to give a greater facility of withdrawing the foot fiom the stirrup. There aro some sampleB of indigenous silk exhi- bited by Mr. Ford, and some good specimens of soap by Mr. Hewitt, Beechworth. There is a very large caso of reptileB, collected and ex- hibited by Mr. E. J. Dunn. It comprises between sixty aud auveuty specimens of rep- tile!1, including ouo Australian python. A Bomewbat curious nrticlo in this depart- ment is a very fair specimen of crochet work, made by a half-caste girl named Elizabeth Benalla Ganfield. There aro very good Btuffed Bpecimens of the white crane and pelican, sent respectively by Mr. Peter Ramsay aud the Rutherglon Bo- rough Council. The exhibits from the Wan- garatta district are also included in the Ovens department. The display of grain in this section is very large, and some of the Bpecimens, we understand, aro of very superior quality. There aro samples of wheat weigh- ing as high SR G81b. The principal exhibitors are Messrs. D. H. Evans, John Moore, R. B. Vincent, Allan and Baldy, Spink, Chandler, and Chambers. The show of wool and tim- ber is also considerable, and provea the extent and value of the reEources of the district. THE OCTAGON. This division of the building, from the naturo of tho articles displayed in it, has proved one of the most attractive portions of the Exhibition. On entering, the visitor's at- tention is at once arrested by a large and handsome clock, exhibited by Messrs. Levy Brothers. The case, which is manufactured of ebony, polished so as to imitate black marble, is about four foot in height, and displays in front a handsome dial plate. Resting on the summit of the caso is a female figure in bronze, from the right hand of which is suspended the pendulum, which works with what is known aa the circular action. This timepiece, together with a largo ebony musical box, was manufactured in London especially for this Exhibition, and both secured during the day a considerable amount of attention. The musical box differs from those of ordinary manufac- ture, in having reed notes, which sustain a melody, while the metal vibrators furnish an accompaniment, supplemented by a num- ber cf bells, drums, and castanets. The same firm exhibits another clock, which affords much amusement to the younger visitors. The turning of the wheels seta In motion a mimic orchestra, and causes a number of puppet dancers to whirl rapidly round, music ¡being at the samo time furnished by the in- terior mechanism. Mr. J. Stephenson ia also the exhibitor of a musical clock, tho sound in this instance being produced by a number of small bells. In another portion of the apartment, Messrs. Levy Brothers ex bibit an exquisitely finished lady's dressing casc, which contains a very novel and beautiful mechanical contrivance. On touch- ing a spring, a tiny humming bird makes its appearance, and flutters about, singing all the time in a moat natural manner- so natural, Indeed, that any one merely hearing the cound would be satisfied that ho was listening to the noteB of a real bird. After fiinginglora while tbo artificial songster makes a dive into the casket, the lid of which closea with a snap, and nothing ia visible but tho interior of a very elegant dressing-cage. As a matter of course, this exhibit attracted much notice, and duriDg the day it was surrounded ' by ciowds of spectators. This novelty is the production of a continental mechanic, and it created quite a sensation when exhibited at tho London Exhibition of 1802, It was placed in the S »viss Court there, and it was computed that as many aa 00,000 visi- tors baw it in ono day. The Invontion, when exhibited in England, served a very good purpobe, for through it a considerable sum was raised for the relief of the sutlerers by the Hartley colliery explosion; and, adopting the idea acted upon in London, the exhibitors on the present occasion pro- vides a money-box for the reception of con- tribution for the Melbourne Hospital. In an- other respect, Messrs. Levy Brothors follow the example set by a London exhibitor. Opposite the entronco is displayed an ex- tensive assortment of Kimmell's perfumes, and in the centre of the collection a fountain, containing ton gallons of perfumed spirit, discharges a continuous and fragrant stream, in which visitors aro allowed to dip their handkerchiefs. The object most attractive to the eye in this department of the Exhibi- tion, is a magnificent pyramid of artificial flowers, cut from paper by Mrs. Staff. Nearly every known gordon flower ia Introduced, beeides aeveral rare speoimons from the Botanical-gardens, Including the dendrobium Of Queensland, and the brilliant mass is very prettily festooned with poBsion-flower and honeysuckle, so admirably executed that it ia difficult to realise the fact that tboy oro artificial. The whole is surmounted by a cupola Of roses, and for tho centre of the hall, where it is placed, a more ornamental object could not have been selected. Tho case, which ia in keep- ing with its contents, was manufactured by Messrs. Cooke and Richards. Mrs. Bur soiue, of Richmond, exhibits a largo and fine collection of wax flowers. There are always admiring spectators of the two ebimneypieces exhibited by Messrs. Huxley, ¿Parker, and Co, They are manufactured of whito Carrara marble, and carved in a f""ïlo much abovo the average. One in par \\-.ular is exquisitely done, and ia equal, '¡j?, point of execution, to many works of much «.igher pretensions. Mr. L. Veroli, of the Jarrara Marble Works, Latrobu-Btreet, ex- hibited some finely-cut figures in marble, the subjects being principally classical. One of the most striking objects in this portion of the building is an elaborate piece of wood «arving, about six feet long by three wide, thework of a Chinese resident in Melbourne. As it is almost impossible for " barbarians " to understand Chinese art, the subjeot of the carving can only be guessed at; but it seems to represent the enactment of several scenes of festivity, and a mock battle. The faces are cut with great vigour and are full of expression, the prevailing characteristic being extreme joviality. As a piece of art, the pro- duction is quite wonderful. Interesting as con- nected with one of our future manufactures, is a line collection of raw silk, in skeins and in the cocoon ; but the exhibit is not ticketed, Mr. D. Livingstone exhibits some excellent antique bronze work, suitable for balconies, staircases, &c.;, together with some zinc mouldings for cellings. Mr. C. H. Mende is also the exhibitor of a quantity of bronze work, consisting principally of models of animals. Some very pretty boots and shoes of white kid, tastefully ornamented, are exhibited by Mr. J. Sanders, of Sand- ridge, tbe whole of tho materials boing of local production and manufacture. Messrs. J. Jones and Clubb are the exhibitors of cases of surgical appliances, no doubt of great value. A fine collection of myall wood pipes is shown by Mr. F. A, Schinnerllng, and the collection is accompanied by a splendid block of myall wood, cut crossways to display the beauty of the grain, and highly polished. For tho admirers of a new and popular in- doors amusement, a casa of Coppin'« patent roller skates, exhibited by Mr. E. H. Frost, must possess a good deal of interest. Tho articles are very nicely got up, and are Shown in Bach a way as to bring each portion of the mechanism under the eyo of the visi- tor. The collection of jewellery exhibited by Mr. Goo. Crisp is interesting, chiefly on account of a fine diamond, discovered by a minor at Beechworth, and a beautiful nugget of Bilvor, obtained from the Excelsior mine, St, Arnaud. Meesrs. Kilpatrick and Co. also exhi- bit a caso of jewellery, including a large silver . cup, intended as a trophy of the turf. All who take an interest in nautical matters will enjoy a visit to this part of the building, as they will see here about a dozen yachts ex- hibited by the membera of the Victorian Model Yacht Club, besides several models of railing vessels and steamors. These include uodols of the Alabama nnd Jeddo, the former Ixhlblte.d by Mr. G. K. Collins, and the latter ly Mr. E, F. Cooke. A model of a lifeboat is exhibited by Mr. H. A. Severn : and Mr. R, VilBon, architect, exhibits hero his model of a fbating battery suitable for coast defences, ntticed in the columns of this journal some wteks ago. It is shown, in fact, twice over, thi complete vessel being exhibited in tho ona case, while in the other a section only is gl%n to explain the manner of working the, guns in action. Close by is a model of j stem-rudder, by Mr. R. D. BanniBtor, of geelong. The inventor states that an incitase of speed will be obtained by neil); this rudder, and he recommends its enployment for river steamers especially, as ti» steersman being at the bows instead of at thi the stern of tho vessel, will be better able to avoid the dangers incidental to navi- gation of this sort. In connexion with this class tf exhibits may be mentioned Messrs. Charlesworth and Sharp's patent composition for praervlng ships' bottoms from the action of theoa-water. The freshly-prepared compo- sition s shown together with an iron plate, which.irotected by a layer of the composi- tion, his been subjected to the action of salt water fir eleven months, and of fresh wator for six tionths. It yvould be an omisaion to leave utooticed the medallion portraits and figureBahibited by Mr. James Scurry. They are parioularly well executed, especially a figure presenting "Francesca,"the heroine of Byron's! Siege of Corinth." Mr. J. S. Maoken nal exbilits some very ornamental castings ol fern leaveand flowers, headings of Corinthian columns, &c.; ; and Mr. A. Stombucco has sent in al excellent collection of busts and plaster figtree. Several lifo-slzed deer, &c;, have boenfor warded by the Hon. W. Degraves. There is aoretty good display of wax flowers, the chief "hibitor being Mrs. Gaskell. Mr, T. A. Dum haB sent for exhibition a laige aseortmentof cb im ney pieces, &c;, and Mr. Marshalya xuantity of cricketing materials. A collection of coral and sea shells, all of great beautj and obtained at Malden Island ; an importait guan o-producing coral forma- tion in tho Siuth Pacific, haB been sent by Mr S. do Beer ; aid Mr. Thos, Reid, of Hotham, is the cxhihtor of two splendid masses ol white coral. A vast amount of labour musl haye been exfended on an exhibit forwarded by Mr. Wood: It is a model, on a tolerably largo scale, of an English church, and is con structed enthly of seo Bhells, carefullj joined togethel Two figuros of Australiar natives-a blakfellow nud his lubra-carvoc outofwood.arexhibitedbyMr.C.Forster.anc furnish anotheiproof of the adaptability o colonial timber or such purposes. A consi derable quantlt; of leather and needleworl is exhibited, solo good descriptions of thi latter sort being bown by Mrs. Claridge. Mrs Lasher, of Fitzry, has contributed a larg VDBO in potichomoie, besides some specimen of décalcomanie -, -h ile Miss Oates, of EasfrOol lingwood, exhibit! a vory fino anti-macassai the pattern being ; combination of roses am carnations. Not tfe least noticeable object ii the Octagon is a linlature billiard-table c cabriole pattern, tanufactured of figurée blackwood, and sitable for the drawing room. The maker, are Messrs. Alcock am Co., who exhibit ajo marking boards, cuei &c;, to match. Mution muBt also be mad of a pyramid erectedjy tho United Extends Band of Hope Comtiny, Ballarat, to repre sent the amount ofgold taken out of tb compony's claim fror tho date when tb lead WOB first struck-ho 25th May, 1864-u to the 21st SeptemberJ866. The amount c the precious metal thureprosented is 01,6c ounces, and a memoril on the trophy state that up to the 28th Anpst last the compan hod paid in dividends^ its shareholders n lesB a Bum than £228,80\ THE ANÏEXE. Without the extra spie furnished by ti iron annexe, it is pnzz'ng to think whi would hove been dono wi\ a large number i bulky exhibits which ha^ now had spai allotted to them. In tis portion of ti building have been groupetbll the carriage agricultural implements, Wool and wir presses, &c.-articles; which Wd have looke out of place almost anywhee else. Takir the most conspicuous object first, the ca riagea will be selected for tho bliest examin tion. Proceeding up thobnilaig, the vlsitoi attention is quickly attracts by a magni cent barouche, the manufacire of Messi Stevenson and Elliot ; tecriically, it termed a O spring barouche, W account the peculiar shape of the Wings, or we are informed that at me presei time it ÍB the most faBhionablt carriage use in England. The body arl shafts a painted a deep chocolate colour, 'Mckod ou with vermillion, and the brass orWenta ai to use a trade term, of " gun mouting." TI springs Bre delightfully easy and eWic, ar altogether the carriage moy be dicribod a highly-finished and perfect piecepf wor manship. It is furnished with paWt se1 acting steps, which let down and drW up the door is opened or Bhut. In anoler pc tion of the annexe the exhibitors kvo e view a section of the door and steps, spwii the manner in which the invention Wli Messrs. Stevenson and Co. also exlfoifc brougham, a waggonette, and a sociabV i fino specimens of the coachbuilder's Vi There is a peculiarity about the ornameV tion of the latter which should be mentios Inasmuch as until lately it was beyond power of colonial coachbailders to prod it. It consists of a belt of imitât canework running round tho body of carriage, und is known in the trade as tv painting, because the thin strips of wl lead resembling cane aro pressed by the wc men out of a small metal tube. Mes Miller Brothers exhibit, amongst other i riagos, a very handsome sociable, with run behind. Meesrs. Cutler and Lever, of 1 larat, bave sent several uara pies of their mi factures, including waggonettes, bugp and the small sulky which attracted so m notico at the local exhibition. Owing, h ever, to the necessity of economising sp the last-named exhibit is not pic in a position calculated to display it advantage. Mr. Hackett, of Bourke-stt is the exhibitor of a "canopy-head barouche, a buggy fitted with a ti over seat so as to adapt the vehicle two or four passengers, and a patent st car similar to those which have lately c menced plying on the Collingwood Emerald-hill roads. Tho car is a very pieco of workmanship, and it is easy to from the character of the springs and novel method of attaching the shafts, the vehicle is botb comfortable and safe. Crutch, of Melbourne, oxhibits a brougl with a ventilating raof; and Messrs. Pre and Co., of Ballarat, a novelty in the si of a double car, on four wheels, intendei use OB a public vehicle. In appearanc looks exactly like two ordinary street joined together, and, of course, there are wheels instead of two. Mr. Parrott exh: a nice little queen phaeton ; Mr. Williat barouche and buggy ; and Messrs. Macgr and Agnew, a barouoho, waggonette, buggy. It would be impossible to particul; all these exhibits, but it may be eafely of all the carriages that they are exce Barn plea of colonial manufacture, and i credit both to the makers and to the col A buggy exhibited by Messrs, Macgregor Agnew, and patented here by them worthy, however, of special mention account of a novelty in the construí of its springs, which are of indiaru instead of leather or steel. By the of a regulating screw the spring can be ali to suit a different weight, so that the ve can be made to ride easily, whether only one person or four or five occupy it. The'principle" ia a now one, and we are given to understand that no similar vehicle baa been constructed previously, either in this colony or elsewhere. There is a very good display of colonial ovens and kitchen ranges, the principal ex- hibitors of these articles being Messrs. S. Earnshaw, T. Neleon, F. Wallis, and McCal- lum Brotbers. Mr. W. Hutchinson exhibits an extensive assortment of grates, stoves, umbrella stands, and other samples of iron-work ; and several fine safes, from the establishment of Messrs. Reaney and Roberts, are also to be seen. A large quantity of Japan and tinware is shown, chiefly by two exhibitors, Messrs. Hughes and Harvey, and Messrs. Rowden Brothers. Both of these firms are Melbourne manufacturers. To any- one desirous of comparing the many oarth closets lately patented an oxcellent oppor- tunity is afforded, as no less than five different inventions have been sent for exhi- bition. The Earth- Closet Company have forwarded several specimens of Moule's patent, and the inventions of Mr. J. Brown, Mr. G. H. Stanesby, Messrs. Draper and Sons, and Messrs. W. T. McGill and Co. are also repre- sented. Messrs. John Perry and Co. exhibit a very large collection of colonial-bent timber, including shafts, frames for waggon tilts, naves, spokes, axe handles, &c.; These articles are of a very varied character, and afford a good illustration of the progress which colonial manufacturers have made in this direction of late years. Amongst the inventions shown in tbis department is a patent stove, intended to be used for the purpose of mulling or heat- ing colonial wine and other liquors, and the apparatus, no doubt, will prove useful to vendors of tbe productions of our vineyards. Messrs. Sparey and Bryant and Mr. Jas. Coop are both exhibitors of corrugated iron, &c.; ; and Mr. S. Sitch has sent for inspection some patent gas reflectors. Mr. Miller, of the Steam Ropeworks, has forwarded some splendid sam- ples of locally-manufactured rope, varying in thickness from a quarter of an inch to three inches, and got up in a style highly creditable to the exhibitor. Mr. Donaghay, of Geelong, is also an exhibitor of steam-made rope. An exhibit of an interesting character is to be seen in this portion of the building, It is a model, constructed by Mr. H. A. Severn, of a new projectile, which ia intended to be propelled through the ^water on the same principle as a rocket is projected through 1 the air. This proposed new agent of deatruc tion, which ia constructed of wood with a steel head, will float on the water and receive itB motivo power from the explosion of gunpowder in the shaft, as in the cose of on ordinary rocket, attaining in this way, it is expected, a momentum of two miles a minute. The projectile, when it reaches the vessel at which it is fired, will strike it just on the water line, and it ia considered that the crushing effect which will be thus pro- duced will be moro effective than the pene- tration of ordinary shot. An invention of some value is submitted for inspection by Mr. Thos, Evana. It consists of canvas hoaing, similar, it ia stated, to a quantity supplied to several New Zealand fire brigades, and itB strength has been tested by the pressure of tbe Yan Yean water. The same oxhibitor shows also a number of canvus wator bags, &c.; Venetian blinds, of various patterns, and apparently of excellent workmanship, aro ex- hibited by Messrs. Sterry and Son, and Messrs. Carr and Son. A number of perambulotors, the only ones in the annexe, bear the label of Mr. W. G. Houghton, and were manufactured by him at Richmond. A lifeboat, on a new principle, is exhibited by the inventor, Mr. J. E. Bates, and will be an interest- ing object for those who attach the proper amount of importance to inventions of this character. Another exhibit, which will probably attract the notice of many of the visitors, is a small outrigger gig of cedar, exhibited by Mr. J. Edwards. Portions of the grain sent for exhibition are to be found in the annexe. The samples are not all pro- perly ticketed, but amongst them could be ditcovered the wheat for which Mr. Brisbane, of Berwick, obtained his priz¡j at the last grain show beld in Melbourne; the prize tarley, oats, and malt of Messrs. J. Gough and Co., and some samples of the barley used in the distillery of the 'Warrenheip Company. There are several exhibitors of artificial manures. Messrs. Jas. M'Meikan and Co. have prepared a very handsome case, decorated with bones of different sizes and shapes, in which they display samples of hone-dust, bone-meal, and feuperphoBphate of bme. Tbo Victoria Ma- nure Company, Mr. J. Woodward, Mr. J. Cockbill, and Meesrs. J. Collier and Co. are all exhibitors of guano of different varieties, but the Eampies, unfortunately, aro not displayed so as to bo readily examined. Al- most at the for end of the annexe is a very fine collection of Tasmanian timber, exhibited by Mr. G. Boyd, which should, if possible, bave been placed in a more conspicuous spot. Near the outlet of the building are some guns, tent by tho Local Military Depart- ment ; they comprise one twelve-pounder Armstrong, one Bix-pounder Armstrong, and a three- poundor Whitworth, besides a forty pounder Armstrong, tbe latter erected on a platform on the promenade outside the build- ing. The exhibits of this department include also samples of every projectile in use in the colony, with shells of different kinds, out into sections in order to show the Interior of the missiles. In addition to these, thore is a case of fuses, a stand of all descriptions of Email arms employed in the colony, together with about 150 photographs in frames, civing Fcenea from the different arsenals of Great Britain. In the passage from the great ball to the annexe is a very interesting collection of native weapons and other curiosities, exhi- bited by the Central Aboriginal Board, and some spnee ia also occupied here by a collec- tion of bruBhware, from the manufactory of Messrs. Stone and Zevenboom. Considering tbe burry in which this part of the building was erected, and the late period at which rome of the exhibits were sent in, things have been got into capital order; and although the annexe may not be so attractive to tbo general public as the other portions of the exhibition, it will well repay examination. MACHINERY AND IMPLEMENTS. The departments of machinery and imple- ments are, porhope, the most important in this splendid Exhibition, for in a country where manual labour is exceptionally high priced, contrivances hy which it 'moy be eco- nomised aro exceptionally valuable. Neither are these departments the lenBt interesting. There is a kind of interest in moving and working apparatus that the most beautiful and curious of altogether inanimate objecta cannot boast, and we expect to find the north wing and tho annoxe become the favourite resort, at least formale visitors, while the show continues, and that much useful in- i formation will be acquired from observation of the machinery at work there. I In noticing tho machines and implements exhibited, it will bo the most convenient ar- rangement to begin with tho engines which drive the machinery shown in motion. The3e aro two of Clayton and Shuttleworth'a port- able engines, lodged under sheds in the north quadrangle. One ia of 16-borse power, and ita only task ia to work a centrifugal pump, which throws into the air a stream of water said to be equal to fifteon tons in a minute, which, falling into a basin in tbo centre of the Uadrangle, ia ogain thrown up by the pump, b long as the engine is kept in motion. This tamping apparatus is exhibited by Mr. Wright, o Little Bourka street. Only five or six flrse power is required to work the pump, so tilt the engine bos au easy time of it. The ot>er engine ia of 20-horso powor ; and by mtns of a diiving belt carried through the wal and driving shafts and drumB carried alob the roof of the north wing, it gives motpn to the several machines to be de- fer i fcd. The two engines are shown by Messa. Wilkie, Welch, and Co.; and the conations were fitted by the artificers of the RuilvW department and Mr. Wright. Entring the north wing a fine collection of itnfrments exhibited by Mr. F. 0. Christy, loconitive superintendent of the Victorian RuilwaV commands attention. First, there IB a loVn for weaving lubricating pads for axle bois of carriages and waggons, both the machindand itB product being objects of con siderablánterost. The loom, which is hand- some inViesign and highly finished, was planned fed constructed in tho railway B1)ops, WfUamBtown, and it ia in operation before the fces of the visitor, making a kind of pluBh WK something like Brussels carpet In texture,V)f cotton and woollen warp and cotton weft.\The loom, its product, and the use to whirl the latter is applied, ore all worthy of exVndcd notice, but for that they must wait. Next in order of the railway exhibits is a seven-inch self-acting screw cutting lathe by Whitworth and Co., which was yesterday been in the act of cutting the spiral upon a male screw. The cutting tool s not held irijhe hand of the attendant, but applied hi the machine itself. A \ twolve-lnch universal shaping machine, by tho samo makers, is used for cleaning up castings which are "to be used in machinery, and which must be wrought with the utmost precision, This is a beautiful implement. It can operate on either flat or curved surfaces, and indeed no casting, whatever its shape, comes amiss to it. Besido it is a hydraulic apparatus for testing steam gauges up to 1801b., 130 being the highest presBure allowed on the Government railways. Attached to it is a gaugo with colonial improvements, being a tell- tale index hand, which records the highest pressure to which the boiler has been subjected, and which nota as a check upon drivers. A machine for bending steel rings, by means of a long and strong lever, rather puzzles visitors, as few could tell by its look what tbo UEO of it is. Tho rings so bout retain some elasticity, and being placed round the piatons of locomotive engines prevent tho escape of Bteam by pressing against the Bides of the cylinder in their effort to uncoil themselves. An important colonial improvement in those rings, and in tboir application, is exhibited. Also clack and Bude valves, in gun metal ; a patent self acting lubricator, which comes into use when trains are on descending gradients, and thcro is no escape of steam to keep the piston rod moist; and an ingenious patent injector. But we cannot now spare room to describa them at length. We may mention, however, that the collection is highly creditable to the skill of the mechanics in the Railway depart- ment. A nail-making machine, exhibited by Mr. Hart, Queen-street, we shall describe when we have seen it in motion. Next to it is a ma- chino, perhaps the moat curious of uny in the Exhibition. It is a latho, exhibited by Mr. Williams, for turning axe-handles, on the American pattern, and everybody knows what unlikely subjects these are for a turning lathe. Still, the thing is done quite simply, and was done yesterday to the great delight of many observers. The process ia very like that by which pictures are copied in outlino, where one point describes the: lines to be transferred, and a marking point, connected with the firet, follows ite overy motion at some little distance, and so inscribes the desired lines. The oddly-shaped axe-handles are turned in something Uko the same way. The lathe has two sets of chucks, and be- tween tho upper set a model handle is fixed. Beneath, a piece of wood of tho proper size is placed, between the second pair of chucks, and OB the shaped handle revolves, it BO acts upon tho cuttlng'.instrnments, ia contact with the pleco of unformed wood, as to produce, out of the second au exact copy of the first. Even the square part of the bandle, which fits into the head of tho axe, is thus turned into its proper shape. This is an American machine ; and after seeing it at work it is easy to understand how in that country shoemukera' lasts and wooden dolla are turnod in latbts. Mr. Farrell, of Richmond, shows a Bkln-splltting machine, which performed yesterday with great Bucoess. The Bkin is dragged and pressed against a formidable cutting knife, and being kept in its place by a revolving cylinder the two surfaces are cutapait. We saw a tannod (but still wet) hide so split yesterday, and one half again split, with apparent caso and succese. It seems one advantage., of this process is that the piece usually shaved off by the currier and lost, is by its moans saved for use, in the form of a second sheet of leather from one hide. A knitting machino by Long and Co., Bourke-stroet, and a frame knitting machine by Bowley and Dean, of Latrobe-street, come next in order, and the latter attracted a good deal of notice ; it ÍB a BtockiDg-making-machine, improved by the exhibitors on an American model, ana in general appearance much more resem- bles a sewing machine than au old-faBhioned stocking-frame. A stocking was being made by it yesterday, the cotton being drawn from six reds, three containing white and three coloured yarn. So far as it goes, the instrument Beems to work speedily and well, but it.can only make stocking legs, or rotbor tubes of cotton, like large lamp wicks. Length enough for two stock- ings is knitted, and then the web cut in two and feet made out of the leg material- with what BucceBS we had no opportunity to judge. Water engines next claim our attention, of which five are exhibitod, in motion, First there is a disc engine, exhibited by the patentee and manufacturer, Mr. Wordsworth, of Swanston-street. With as much Yan Yean fluid as an inch and a half pipe can supply it with, it is said tobo of about three horsepower. It was yesterday engaged in driving a printing machine, and seemed to work pleasantly and well. Mr. M'Kay, of I Collins street, exhibits a hydraulic reaction turbine, with patent reflectors; and a email horizontal engine (three and a half inch cylinder) capable of being easily turned into a stenm from a water englno. Mr. Hender- son, of Little Collins-Btreet, Bhows a highly ornamental ond even elegant turbine wheel, which with water supplied through a half inch pipe will have something like ono horse power. This turbino haB three re- volving arms, while Mr. M'Kay's has but two. Mr. George Dunn, of Emerald-hill, is tho inventor and exhibitor of a rotary water engine, which with a ljin. water supply could, he informs ua, be of tour-horse power. It has a reversing motion, and was at work yesterday liko the others. Of printing machines and presses there is a tolerable collection, and the old wooden eDglne with which Mr. Fawkner printed tho Patriot in the early days of Port Phillip settle- ment, looks like a ghost among them. A more remarkable contrast there could hardly be than between this rude and primitive im- plement and the clockwork-looking machines of tho present day, which almost seem as ii they could produce newspapers complete with no other holp than the turning of a crank handle. Messrs. Olarson and Massena ex- hibit a double demy machino by Whorfdale, which waB seen in motion yesterday, and much admired. Mr. F. B. Franklyn shows piesses and other material in some variety, Messrs, E. Purton and Co. are the owuerE of an excellent little machine by Woods (an English maker), by which one man can print 1,600 foolscap sheets in an hour (tho work of about six men and six boys with a hand press). The machine is worked with a pedal, Mr. Calvert alBo Bupplies Bomo presses and other materials. But the gem of this collec- tion is Messrs. Sandsand M'Dougall's railway ticket-printing machine. It IBU really baau tiful instrument, and seems to be as good as it is pretty. It prints 10,000 tickets in an hour, numbering them in arithmetical senes, and printing numbers on both ends if re- quired. A very pretty spiral screw arrange- ment gives lateral motion to one inking roller, by which meanB the ink Is equally and evenly spread over tho roller which comes into contact with the type. It is self-acting, both as regards feeding and flying, and if any irrt gulority occurs in the supply of unprinted tickets, the machine invites tbo attention ol the attendant operator by ringing a boll. The numbering apparatus is simple and effective, There aro four revolving wheels, each of which has the numeral types from 0 to ! arranged in succession on its outer rim, und every time a ticket io printed one of thest wheelB makes a tenth part of its whole revo- lution, and BO prepares a new number for the succeeding card. This machine was much admired. An imported machine, callod " a devil," il exhibited by Messre. TronBou and Hill, ol Lygou-Btreet. It is used for grinding wooller rugB for Hock. The rags are fed to the ma chino between fluted rollers revolving towardf each other under strong pressure. Beyond is a 3ft. Gin. wooden cylinder, in which are 10,000 steel pins of about three-quarters of at inch long, by which tho rags aro caught aui torn asundor, tho cylinder rovolving at the rate of 1,000 revolutions a minute. A fan, re volving at the rate of 1,800 revolutions i minute, drives off the duBt. Very considerabli power is required to drive this machine, anc it cun dispose of four tons of rags a week A small hand comb- making machine wil be noticed at a futaro time. Mr. Selle of Canning street, Carlton, exhibits a frami for malling mould candles, capable o making niuety- six at a time. Mr. Mathesoi has Borne excellent mason's and other took among which the most noticeable is i hammer for dressing bluestone, with cigh faces, like a bunch of chisels. Marsden ant Dean show a case of well-finished tools fo modellers mid ornamental plasterers. Johi Grayson exhibits a case of tools and knive for gardener's, butcher's, saddler'B, &c;, work which appear to bo of excellent quality am finish. Mr. Lugton, of Little Lonsdale street, haB two machines which might vor; well have been done without, namely, a blow pipe for inflating meat, and a squirt fo injecting melted tat under the Bkin. It is t bo hoped ho will be disappointed in his OJ pectutions as to their sale. Mr. Diermisse exhibits several specimens of cork and indio rubber engine-packing. The constrnctioi seem« very Ingenious, and we should not h surprisidif this now packing were to prov tighter and moro lasting than hemp, and easie on the pisten rods than metallic packing. ] consists of cork or indiarubber, wire gauz> cotton and grease. Wo have been iuforme that it is already extensively in use. M Henson shows a bullet compressing machín and a collection of gun- making implement aud materials. A very highly finiahe threshing machine, belonging to Messrs. Robinson and Co., attracts attention by the high" polish to wbich its wood and metal have been brought. It is a peg machine, without anything novel in its construction. A wooden model of an olectro-magnetio I engine and some washing and amalgamating ] apparatus are also in this department, as * well as a useful- looking hand apparatus for sawing timber, oxbibited by the Hon. Mc. Anderson. A machine for dressing New Zealand flax, by Mr. J. Reed, ia, we presume, an experiment. On the table in tho centre of this wing are many articles not yet noticed; among others, several working models of steam-engines, which would no doubt prove highly amuBlng to the public, and particularly to tho young, If the exhi- bitors could obtain a supply of steam and start them. Some of these little engines aro highly meritorious produotionB. There nre also several tobacco cutters, which, though ex- cellent, do not seem to possess any novel features. Leaving tho machinery wing, in which no doubt there are many useful objecta which wo have omitted to notice, we pass to the annexe, and there we again lind a fine col- lection of objects highly important in tho industrial arts. MeBsrs. Dunks, of Bourke otreet, exhibit a fine glass-case foil of their own brass castings, chiefly suitable for gas and water fittings, and apparently extremely well executed. Mr. M'llwroith, of the Melbourne Lead Works, shows samples of lead piping and sheet lead of varioua thick- nesses. Mr. Coop, of Little Collins-street, shows a fine collection of lead piping, from six inches down to the smallest (composition) gas pipe used ; also lead wire. Mr. Fletcher, of Bonrko-strect, has several samples of wire work on Bhow ; and it ia highly orodltable to colonial Bkill tbat in the last three named de- partments of industry the examples shown aro considered by competent judges to bu as good as could be made. The stills exhibited are only three in number, and all are constructed to receive a charge of about fifty gallons of wine or wash. Tho first is by Mr. Mltschke, of Adelaide, a very elaborate affair, wbich scarcely explained itself, and which the owner was not near yesterday to interpret. It has a great many vessels and connexions, and is in what is called by coppersmiths "duli work." Tho next ia by Mr. Goby, of Lons dale- street, in half-polished copper, and has the distilling and refrigerating apparatus in separate compartments. This seems a useful still. The third ia hy Mesera. M'Kay and Co., Collins-street, ia of polished copper, and has two connected departments-the still bolow, and a rectifying and condensing apparatus above. By this still the spirits can be brought up to any required strength. All three stills wo presume to bo chiefly intended for vine- yard use. The most prominent objects ia this part of the Exhibition are the wool presses. Messrs. Fulton and Shaw and Messrs. J. Robinson and Co. show some really splendid ones, towering up into the roof and puzzling unin etructed obeorvers. As strong as wood and iron can make thom, and as gay as paint and gilt can mako thom, they form quite a feature in the annexo, but wo do not observe any- thing novel in their construction, except in the case of one of Measra. Fulton and Shaw'e, wbich wo shall describe on a future occasion. Mr. Home, of A'JBeckett- street, and Moasrs. Robinson and Co. exhibit some fine wine- presses and grapo mjlls ; and tbe first named Bhows a really formidable- looking four-horse power bone-mill. Mr. Lugton, of Lonsdale-Btreet, exhibits aevoral use- ful articles, among which may be here enumerated a patent sausage machine, with revolving block of Huon pine, and a lever by which tbe machino may be immediately stopped when that is required. Also, a road scraping machine of very light draught, its wheelB being twenty inches. A sawing, plan- ing, boring, and morticing machine, by Briscoe, for the use of joiners, is a compact and elegant machine. In cooper's work, there are some very meritorious exhibits, among wbich some immense oaken wine casks are not the least noteworthy. Churns, English, American, and Victorian, are exhibitod in abundance, but we Bhall now only mention one. It is a barrel churn, with fixed dashers inside, but Blung diagonally-that is, as if the axle passed from the top of one ond to the bottom of the other. No doubt this engine would agitate the oream entrusted to it in a very violent manner, for beaides the ordinary rotary motion, it would be violently flung from end to end of the churn at every revo- lution. There aro many other useful and elegant farm implements, which we can scarcely hope to describe at length to-day. Ploughs, harrows, reaping and threshing machines, grain crushers, chaff cutters, &c;, ore plentifully exhibited. A drill by Robert- son and Co. may bo just mentioned. It ia for sowing artificial grasses upon virgin soil (without cultivation) ; whioh it accomplishes by a row of tines, wbich make scores in tbo ground, into which the seeds afterwarda fall, through tubes. To savo troublö to future visitors, however, wo must not omit to ex- plain the nature and use of a very Btrange looking and bulky object in the annexo, wbich everybody Beems greatly puzzled with. It ia an improved silk flour-dresser, manu- factured and exhibited by Robt. Doddlngton, of Queensberry-Btrcet, and though it looks out sido like a twenty foot long moat-safe of eccentric shape, it Is a highly-finished article. In a shed beyond the annexe there is one of Mr. E. Chambers' stone- breaking machines, a very handsome Bpring-dray by Mr, Stewart, of King-street, and a few other articles. Out Bide there is another of Clayton and Shuttle worth's engines, anda large windpowerercc ted by Messre. Robinson and Co. This account of tho machinery and implements in the Exhi- bition is necessarily imperfect, but omissions will be supplied in future notices. MINERALS. It was not an unreasonable expectation that in an exhibition, one of the main ob- jects of which was to afford evidence of the natural resources of the Australasian colo- nies, the department of Mineralogy would bo one of the most attractive of all to tho student of the future. Unfortunately, i the plan of tho Exhibition has not per- mitted the grouping togotbor of all the specimens of rocks, ores, earths, clays, &c;, which the varioua colonies have for- warded to prove their mineral wealth; nor have we been able to gather together in one court the minoralB of our own colony. The arrangement obsorved in the first London Exhibition boa been followed here, and thua it is necessary to traverse tho great hall, catalogue in hand, to obtain the evidence which the Exhibition offers of the real natural wealth of Australia. That evidence is of the most satisfactory character as to the luture of this great island continent. Some of the colonies of tho group possess in them solves mineral reaourcea of the greatest im- portance to a manufacturing and self-re- liant commnnlty ; and what thoy lack otuors bave to offer in abundance. Gold, as we know, is freely dispersed over the eastern colonies. All of the group, including New Caledonia, are able to show ores of copper of more or less value; the rarer metala and minerals ore well represented ; and if Vic- toria. South Australia, and Weet Australia are able to make but a poor display of coals and shales, their comparative or absoluto po- verty in this respect is amply made up by the splendid display Which New South Wales ditcloses, and by the evidence Tasmania produces of the extent and importance of her deposits of coal. Iron abounds everywhere, limestone ÍB not scarce, and if building Btone is scarce and of indifferent quality in some members of the group, all of them possess clays of the best class and of every variety. Glancing round tho Exhibition, the eyo is instincttvoly attractod to the pyramid of gold in the centre of tbo groat hall. It points at once to the distinguishing fact, that Victoria 1B the great gold-producing colony ef the Australian family. The number and pro- ductiveness of our gold-fields have hitherto presented attractions to tho minor which have almost withdrawn bia attention from other kindred pursuits, and the magnitude of the golden pile, as compared with that shown in 1862, ia a proof that since the Exhibition in that year the mines have well maintained thoir productiveness. It informs us that from 1861 till the 30tii of June last, not leBa than 31,731,314 ounces of gold bad been raised, equal to a Bum of ¿£12G,926,37G. Large as these figurcB ore, they aro not astonishing when we find in the octagon another pyramid of gold, which tolls us that one mino alone on Ballarat-the band of Hopo-which only commeuced to give gold somo two or three years ago, haB up to the Gth tilt, yielded gold which was sold for ¿£887,138. Not far from the pyramid is a case of auriferous quartz, exhibitod by MeEsrs. Latham and Watson, of Hustlers Reef, Bendigo, which affords satisfactory evi- dence of the productiveness of the reefs of the colony, and of what they are yet likely to do in supplement of the yields from the alluvial mines. It contains a series of fine specimens, from the cap downwards so for as tho reef has been traced, and cakes of gold obtained from tho mine of the value of £10,000. There is a particular interest attached to this display, from the circumstance that the theory at one time -propounded, that quartz reefs wero not likely to bo found rich in gold in the deep ground, carno upon the quartz miners of Sandhurst at a period of de- pression. Messrs. Latham and Watson, however, were not discouraged; they per- severed, and the result of their labours has beon fortunate for the firm, and a very strong encouragement to quart» miners every- where. A cairn of specimens from the various reefs in the district around Tarnagulla ; a large and magnificent specimen from Shew ring's Reef, St. Arnaud (which gave fifty eight ounces to the ton) ; a splondid case from the Whip Reef, Sandhurst; and a block of a strange block quartz from the Euglo Com- pany, Specimen-hill, Eaglehawk (which gives eight ounccB to the ton), supply some evi- dence of where tho gold represented by the pyramid came from, and that tho lodes uro still far from being exhausted. St. Arnaud contributes quartz containing both silver and gold ; and the mining department exhibits a remarkably fine sample of silver from tho Friburg mine, prepared by Mr. Mastors, OBeayiBt, St. Arnaud. An oro of lead, con- taining gold and silver, cornea from tho Cbrysolitohill, In the Bnmo locality. The Mining department contributes in a series of cases a collection of all tho minerals in tho colony, so far aB they aro known. To it is added a choice collection of foreign minerals, catalogued and indexed. For this collection the publia are mainly indebted to Mr. Brough Smyth, secretary of the Mining Department, to whom also we owo tho mining and mineral statistics by which they aro accompanied. Extremely interesting now, this collection will be very useful hereafter, furnishing, as it will do, a ready means hy which tho pros- pector can ascertain something of the true character of the discoveries which he may make. A private collection, by Mr. Sydney Gibbons, is also valuable, exhibitiug every known mineral. Of tho antimony found in the colony, and the uses to which it may be applied, wo have illustrations In the collec- tion exhibited by Messrs. Clarke and Co., of the Chemical and Paint Factory, Yarra- bank. They exhibit tho ore of antimony as it is found in MTvor and other districts, the pure regulus to which they reduce it for the market, the white oxide of antimony, the white paint of commerce now made from it in placo of lead, and the red sulphate of antimony, or vermilion of the painter. A black paint can also be obtained from this material, but it bus not as yet been produced hero. While Bpeaking of this case we may also notice the splendid soda crystals It contains, mado ut the samo works. A much later discovery in this colony than that of antimony has been that of the oreB of copper. These are found on tho Thomson River, and a case of specimens has been contributed by Mr. W. Pearson, on tho part of the Gipps Land Copper Company, which should asBiBt in removing from Mr. Selwyn's mind tho impression ho somewhat hastily formed that there ÍB not a copper mino where they wero found. They were taken about a month ago from a lode eighteen feet wide ; there ure nina or ten varieties-black and red oxides, blue and green carbonates, yellow and groy ores, sulphurets, and native copper. Some of the samples are of good size, and tho dis- play warrants the hope that copper ore, or copper, will at no distant day form a consider- able portion of the exports of Victoriu. A few samples of tin and tin-gaud have come down from the Ovens. Ores of iron are exhibited, with eome specimens of the smith's work, made of iron from nativo ores, These, we regret to say, do not illustrate a living industry, no attempt having yet gone beyond experiment to work the numerous and rich iron ores of the colony. Of Victorian coal, the Exhibition contains no sample worthy of the name. A specimen from a 3ft. 6ln. vein of coal-of tho full thickness of the Beam-Iles in the Mining department ; but, from want of a tramway and shipping-port, tho Capo Patterson coal- field is unrepresented here, though smoll and stray samples have found their way in from out-cropping veins in the Capo Otway district, the value of which may hereafter be ascertained. Of fire clays and pottery clays there aro numerous samples, and some excellent Chesterfield ware. Pigmont clays from the Beechworth district aro the only clays of this CIBSB we noted in tho Exhibition, and though the colours obtained from tiiem by merely wetting them are rather coarse, it is possible that in this small exhibit there is the germ of a future " nativa industry." Of roofing slates we have specimens almost equal in finenoss to those of North Wales from Gisborne, aud from the Penrhyn slate-quarries near Smeaton. From the latter there are also exhibited a good spe- cimen of tesselated pavoment, a well-cut chim- ney piece, with brown marble inlaid. Camp- bell's Creok also contributes slates of a good and useful class. Of building Btoues, the Vic- torian display is small and inferior. Magnesite is exhibited lrom Strangways. Turning to a lees useful, but very interesting feature of the Exhibition, we must nolico Dr. Bleasdalo'e fine collection of colonial gems (in which specimens of the diamond aro included) ; the collection of Mr. Turner, of Beechworth which ombraces a splendid Barklyite (or opaque ruby), some handsome) cut cairngorms, a variety of the strange yellow hollow crystals containing water or oil, which havo boon found in ono or two places only in tho drill overlying the granite near Beechworth ; anc Mr. Denis's, Mr. Berry's, and Mr. Hedley's col lections of Ovens jaspers and other into resting stonos. Beechworth alone has fur nisbca samples of theso peculiar jaspers ; auc the whole of the collections from that distriol decotve attention. Giving the right of first place among oui neighbours to our French f rionds of New Calo douia, wa were gratified to find in their col lection somo excellent, though peculiar, spe- cimens of copper ore, copper in quartz, chrome iron (which may compete with that of Nevi Zealand), hydraulic and other limestones and building-stones of good quality. Then is also hero a good specimen of greenstone or jade-not so dark as that of New Zealand ana not so pale as a stone of the same familj which hBS been found on Diamond Creek New South Wales has made a fine display ol her largo mineral reBourcee. A trophy of coal bns been exhibited, showing, a section of c 12ft. seum, but veins of 30ft. thick aro beinf worked in the neighbouring colony. BeBlde this trophy (in the annexe) are other section! of seams, varying from aft. lOIn. upwards The highly bituminous character of the coa is apparent. We may remark that though this coal now bears a higher character in Cali- fornian portB than British coal tor steam purposes, and sells for mora money, the mines wore scarcely knowu abroad tor yeorB ago. At that period samples of New castlo coal wero Bhown in Wales by cool rnaeters there, and as everything in Aus tralia is supposed to have opposite charoo toristics from tho British artlole, it was whiti in colour. Black swans ia place of white cherrieB with tbo stones outside, animal that hopped, but did not run, it was only in keeping that the coal should bo white ! Thej know hotter now in Wales, Near theso tro phies are two of kerosene shale. The shale o the Western Hartley Compauy now turns ou 0,000 gallons of oil per week; while tho work of the Wollongong Company produce 1,501 gallons per week of naphtha. There are alBi exhibits of kerosene shale from Butrangoni near Picton, and from Liverpool Plains showing that a very widespread deposit exist of this valuable material. Jet coal, not quit so good OB that of Whitby, ÍB brought trot Port Macquarie. The copper ores exhibite are very'rich. They aro obiefly from tb neighbourhood of Bathurst, and from til Cadiangullong Company. .ThoreisBilver or from the Moruya mines, whoro some rich dil coverles have lately beon made, the presenc of mundic in tbo stone having previous! interfered with the profitable working of tb mine- The iron ore (brown hematite) fror the Fitzroy mineB, ÍB a fine sample; tb presence of other minerals in the oi acting as a flux, and rendering limeston unnecessary for tbat purpose. Pig iron, fin cabtingB (Including a pretty Royal con of arms), and a bell, show tbo uses t which the produce of tho Fitzroy fui naces may be turned. Firo-clay, soapstone meerschaum, sulphuret of antimony, pot tery clay, silicate of magnesium, and red-iroi ore from Brisbane water, assist in givin, interest and variety to this departmont Having been nuable to discovor the locality of Queensland in the great hall, we pass oi to South Australia, where wo find a vor; pplondld collection of coppor oros-as migh be expected from a colony where coppor mining has boon so long and so profitiibl; followed. Those aro of oil kinds, and i purple ore is placed amongst thom, which I stated to yield sixty per cent, of coppoi There ÍB nlBO o sample of silver-lead oro, bu nonoof bismuth, which has lately boen foun thero. Western Australia comes out ver strong in copper, Bomc of tho samples bein really good. There appears to be a fine fiol for industry in this branch of mining in thi remote colony. Iron ore, silver-lead, pip clay, jaspera, oiudstone, gypsum, bitume (from Nicol Bay), and a Bmall specimen < coal are also among tho exhibits. The To manían collection OB a whole is varia though not remarkable. There are gold from' Fingal, topazee from Fiinder'a Island (of which Mr. Crouch, Hobart Towu, shows a bandeóme case), black 'sand, serpentine, light-coloured variegated morblos, and lime- stones that take a fino poliah. Of coal and shale there are numerous speci- mens, but all of them small. There are specimens of the iron oro BO abun- dant in the ' island, and solitary speci- mens _ of copper ore and lead ore from the River Leven. Fire- clays are shown in great quantity, and the imill-stones are a unique exhibit. Tbe New Zealand compart- ments are Btill BO incomplete tbat we shall defer a notice of their mineral contents till another occasion. We Bhall only add onco more, that tho collection-taking the colonies together-affords a variety which is highly satisfactory, and which must powerfully affect in the future the prosperity of tbe Australian group. THE COURTS OF TUE NEIGH- BOURING COLONIES. Theee occupy almost the whole of tbo western Bido of tho great hall, beginning with that of New Caledonia, which is close to the northern cntranco, and after which come in order the courts of Queensland, Now South Wales, South Australia, West Australia, Tas- mania, and Now Zealand. The last is under the orchestra. We have in our following, description ranked our neighbours rather ac- cording to their relative importance- than in, the order in which we find thom : THE NEW SOUTH WALES COURT. That the colony of New South Wales, the oldeBt as well OB tho moat advancod of all our neighbours-wboBo territory was.firet ex» plored by Captain Cook in 1770, and firafc settled undor Govornor Phillip in 1788, and whoEe population oxceeda that of any of tha Australian coloniea but our own-should have the beat of the intercolonial courts waa only to bo expected, and boneo wo are entitled to begin our description here. The apace occupied .teems not only with natural curiosities, but to a remarkable degree with evidences of the strenuous efforts mado to establish Buitoble manufacturing industries within her borders. The colony is repreaented here by Mr. G. Russell, Mr. Dyer boing secre- tary, and their arrangements are excellent. First comes that moBt ancient industry, the production of wool. Tha exhibit« of this OTO very few, comprising only fonr specimens, of the wool of some imported ramB; but when this yoar'a clip is in, tho show will bo plentifully enriched by samplea of tho various woola grown m the extensivo regiona of this colony. Wool brings ua to the woollen tweeds manufactured in Sydney ; and there ia a fiao display of thom. The manufacturers are two -Mr. 0. B Ebsworth, of Sussex-street, Syd ney, who is the largest, and employs aeventy hands; and Messrs. Fronch and Son, of Bowenfels, on tho Bathurst-road. The former exhibits eighteeu, and the latter two webs-i.e., pieces, and the tweeds of both are of excellent colour, soft to tho foul, said to be very durable, and to be entirely composed of wool. No difference between them and the best English or Scotch tweeds ia perceptible save ia favour of the coloniul article The leather trade seems to havo been very proaperoualy and energetically carried on in Sydney. Here ara several samples of ita products. Alderaon and Sons, large tanners and leather manu- facturers, exhibit a long Beries of Bidna manu- factured in different waya, and turned into lcatbera japanned, enamelled, Bolo, or kip, or mill-belting. This firm shows also a series of machinery-made boots, trom tho navvie's lace- ups to dress kid boots. This onamelled leather seems to bo a now manufaoturo. Hitherto Victoria has obtained its aupplios thereof from Europe, and tho epectaole of a colonial artlclo oqually good has proved very attractive, particularly to the coachmakers. Mr. J. Vickery also shows Bome fine samples of riveted boots of different kinds : and Mr. John Lobb, who gained the first prize for boots at the Lon- don Exhibition of 1862, and who waa thereupon constituted maker to H.R.H. Prince of WaleB, has a easeful of specimenB of tho higher kinds of workmanship in boots. Tho Glenmore Tannei.v and Messrs. Saddington and Sous bavo Bout some hides of solo leather, which could hardly bo improved upon. Whilo on the subject of leather, we cannot pasa over tho saddlery, of which Messrs. Aldorson and Sons and Mr. J. Brush bave a fiao collection. The latter has evidently talton enormous pains with tbo workmanship of his exhibits ; and one aide-saddle, the seat of doeskin and the rest inlaid with leathers dyed violet and brown, is to ho presented to the Princesa of Wales. A fow portmanteaus of solid leather, by Mr. LancaBhiro, deserve notice. New South Wales timbers are displayed in great style. Thirty- nine different descriptions, in Blabs of various sizes, aro ranged round tbe court, the grain exposed and varnishod, BO that the quality of tboBO Buited for furni- ture or building purposes may be Bhown. The slabs of pino, Moreton Bay ohoBnut or bean tree-ouo three feet acroBä-yellow- wood, rosewood, silky oak, colonial beocb, -also threo feet acrosB-ahlnglo oak, &c;, are worthy of close inspection, becauso of their exquisite grain. They, together with a series of tbo ordinary building timbers in tho rough, and sent in by the colonial architect, were obtained at the instance of tho New South Wales Commissioners. Whilo on the subject of New South Wolca timbers, tbo visitor must turn to the timber dopartmont, under the management of Dr. Mueller, curator of our Melbourne Botanic Gardens, who has erected there a splendid slab of cedar, about two inches thick, twelvo feet long, and four feet fonr inohoB broad. It was grown in Now Bouth Wales, but Bown in Melbourne, Re- turning to tho court, an onormous fund of information ia to bo found in a caso Bhown by Mr. J. Cuthbort, ahip-builder of Sydney, which contains thirty miniature beams, which can be taken out aud handled, of blao gum, red gum, water gum, spotted gum, ironbark, black-butt, blood-wood Bangalley, mangrove, beech, pinea, native mahogany and cedar, swamp mahogany, swamp oak, mountain oak, bean-treo, tea-tree, tulip, poar-treu, myall, and white honeysuckle. The scented hard- wood case, containing ton different colonial perfumes, manufactured by Mr. E. H. O'Neill, a number of tahlee and other furniture, made of native woods, and an inlaid colonial wooden case of confectionery, exhibited by Mr. T. O'Neill, show to what artistic purposes these timbers can be applied. From wood to iron is an easy transition, and from Russell and Co.'s foundry, of Sydney, comes some ironwork which could not easily be surpassed. One specimen is the royal arms in very high relief, and we were informed that it is a first casting, without trimming. Another is some balcony balustrades of elaborate patterns, and a steel church bell of 7cwt., and unde- niably good tone. Among other ironwork is a case of horse-shoes made by Mr. J. Gribben, to suit almost every kind of horse's foot. They are well finished, and of colonial iron, of which wo Bhall hove more to say by and by. Included in the show ia a largo collec- tion of agricultural products, mostly from the Hunter River, Bent in by private growers, and whoBe quality tho jury must decido. Of minerals tho display is bo wilderingly largo. A oaae of assorted mi- nórala demands CIOBO attention. It ia sent by Mr. Keane, Government examiner of coal- fields, and itB spucimenu are intended to dis- play the fauna and flora overlying the coal seamB, BO as to otford means for deciding tho dispute betweon Professor M'Coy, of the Mot bourne University, and tho Rov. W. Clarke, of Sydney, as to the age of tho New South Wales coal-boda. The latter geutloman is preparing, and will shortly Bend on, a caBO of lOBsils, for the some purpoao. Hero, too, aro morbles from Bathurst and Goulburn, so hard as to bo unprofitnbo to work in Sydney. A local firm ia, however. Bonding alaba homo to England to bo worked, and MeBars. Huxley and Parker, of Melbourne, aw going to tiy their hands at it. Many an old house in Sydney has excellent mantelpioceB of this morblo, worked by tbo convicts in the ancient times. A huge lump of silicate of magnesia, aud said to bo identical with meerschaum, ia also shown, with a to- bacco-pipe made therefrom. A serlcB of build- ing stones, iu foot cakoa, aro also exhibitod by tbo colonial architect. The Fitzroy. Iron Company sends a completo Borles of minerals from its mines-Uro clay, limestone, anthra- cite coal, bituminous coal, iron oro, aud pig iron. Raro spocimon» aro Bent by Mr. J Mitchell, from the new coal mlnoB at Bloom- field, East Maitland ; but Now South Wales coals aro bettor displayed in tho iron annexe, wbtro there is every sort, together w.tli onor mouB miiBaea of kerosene abalo. The fineBt is a column of coal from the Lampton Colliery, Newcastle, exhibited by Mr. J. Patoraon, of Melbourne, showing a thickness of seam of «ft. 8in. The colleriea aro thusdescribed :-£t?ny Creek, Enst Maitland, seam dft. lOin. thick. ; Rix's Creek, near Singleton, Beam Oft. (¡In. thick; Anvil Crook, Brankstou. se»rn ßft Oin. thick; Diilewood Crook, iirank Bton Boam Oft. Gin. thick; and Four- mile' Crook, East Maitland, Boam 9ft. Oin. thick. 20,000 tonB of coal aro said to j be raised weekly In New South Wales. Re' turning from this short visit to the annexe, the eye is struck with a series of handsome slabB, marbled In colour to different patterns, displayed obove the court. They are the woik of Mr. O. Williams, of Sydney, who gained a prize for similar work at the Great Exhibi- tion of 1861 in London. In more homely industries thero are signs of equal prosperity. A few cases of tallow, from Mr. H, Bell and Mr. York, look very well ; as also the neate foot oil and bone-duBt exhibited by the former. Samples of negrohead tobacco, made variously from the native and imported leaf, we may pass over, for they will be classed by the jury. The only exhibitors of that article are Messrs. J. Church, Penfold, and M'Encroo. Dairy produce is not plentiful; but there is some capital malt from Messrs. R. and F. Tooth, brewerB. Mr. T. S, Mort has an interest- ing case of maizena .nour, in its various stages. The maize shown is said to yield 421b. of fine flour to the bushel of 601b., grinding very freely. Cluse by are specimens of the products of the two kerosene companies in New South WaloB, viz., the Hartley Kero- sene Oil and Paraffino Company, who exhibit illuminating, lubricating, and crude oils ; and the Pioneer Company (J. Graham and Co.), of Wollongong, whose works are not BO largo, but whose samples appear good enough. A olook*tower, - composed of Bilvor and gold work surrounding an emu's egg, made by Veyret and Delarne, cannot be overlooked ; but though the workmanship is good the design is poor. A vaBe and drinking cups of similar material, by Mr. ' Quist, are better, and tho Australian snake lormfng a handle to the vase ÍB a superior affair. There is a fair show of wines from Mr. J.Windham, of Bukkulla; Mr. James and Sir W. Mac- arthur, of Camden, some twenty-two years -old; Mr.-Lnndiman, of Hunter River; Mr. .¿Doyle, of - Kaludah ; and Mr. Fallon, of .Albury; but of their quality wo can Bay nothing. Mr. FaUon's wines can scarcely be called a New South Wales exhibit. -As in Melbourne, there has boen an attempt to -establish the manufacture of chemicals in Sydney, and Messrs. Elliott Brothers have a -case containing large specimens of super- phosphate of lime, bUulphate of soda, granu- lated sulphato of iron, nitiio acid, hydro- chloric acid, and sulphuric add. In arc the display is not largo, --but some of it is good. Mr. T. Price's portrait of His Excellency Sir John Young is perhaps the bust. The re- mainder, including a number of water-colour BketcheB, should havo been placed in the art gallery. They will be examiued at another opportunity. We cannot, however, pass by without admiring the panorama of Sydney and its harbour photographed by M. Deco tardi, and a series of Sydney street views done for the commissioners by Mr. Milligan. Another new industry is shown in a case of articles in tortoise-shell, manufactured by Mr. M'Mahon from shell brought from the South Seas. Tbo germs of other indus- tries are to ba fouud in a case of forty different medicinal plants, grown and exhibited by Mr. Paterson, an herbalist; and a series of bottles of Italian stores, notably olives, olive oil, and Cayenne poppBr, from Mr. James and Sir W. Macirthur's esta- blishment, at Camden. Other olives from the Sydney Botanic-gardens are also exhibited. A few cases of biscuits, from Hu rd io and Mit- chell, show that this branch of manufacture is not forgotten ; and some bundles of millet brooms of different qualities, Bald to be equally good and much cheaper than the common Yankee brooms, which they re- semble, constitute a rather startling fact. The Government printing-office Bends a few copies of statutes, and two volumes of a work which might well be published in Victoria, viz., the registration of inventions, after the English style ; and Mr. A. Wright, of the Australian letter foundry ia Yarong-street, shows a case of his types, borders, furniture, &c;, which seem equal to English. There is a large col- lection of pottery ; and huge field draining pipes, from Mr. Field, of Georga-street, are indicative of the progress made ia that branch of manufacture. We cannot conclude without mention of two exhibits-one is of fruit-models, especially oranges, accompanied by the photograph of an orange tree, thirty fivo feet high, and producing 1,000 oranges ia a season; and the other comprises several samples of sugar, made from tho cane und from sorghum, but on no extended scale. The Clarence River district, north of Sydney, aud whose capital is Grafton, is so large a contributor to this oourt that its exhibition, which is very creditable, is best treated separately. Eight years ago the dis- trict was unsettled and unsarveyed for any purposes but squatting; now Grafton is a municipality, containing 1,800 persons and 400 buildings, whoso annual rental ia £10,191. It has churches, newspapers, stores, mills, ' manufactories, and wharves. Steamers trade regularly and frequently from the port, and the surrounding country supplies enormous quantities of agricultural produce and cattle, which are brought to Sydney, Melbourne, and Brisbane, Its commissioner in Melbourne Is Mr. J. F. Wilcox, whose exertions have been indefatigable. The exhibits may bo ex- amined with great interest. Its minerals in- clude specimens of antimony, iron pyrites coal (three Beams), Bilicate of magnesia, ex collent fresh-water sandstone, suitable foi building, and another kind of sandstone now used for making the breakwater al the Clarence River Haads. Except ir respect to the stones, none of the mi serais are. we believe, being worked. Thi zoology of tho district is, perhaps, the besl displayed of all in the collection, by Mr Wilcox and Mr. M'Gillivray, of mammalB birds, insects, fishes, shells, all of a strict!; local character. Among the more remarkabli is a huge cod, originally of 601b. waight, ane identical with our Murray cod, and a speer mon of the IJalmaturus Wilcoxi, a kaugaroo, si named by Professor M'Coy. after Mr. Wilcox , its discoverer. A few nets, dilly-bags, ane hatchets denote the character of the aborl ' ginal tribes of this locality, and OB opposed ti thom aro a whole range of the products whicl Europeans obtain. The maize of Olarenci River ÍB celebrated all over Australia, ane splendid samples of seven different kinds ari shown. - Of cotton there aro six samples American and Hindostanee ; and of wini eleven. 'Vineyords havo beon established ii this district only six years. Mr. J. Bawden mayor of Grafton, exhibits manufactura Starch, made economically from the bean tree, and several specimens of arrow root and Mauritius sugar-cane prove o what the place ÍB capable. Some tins o preserved meat are sent by a new compan; just started, and whoso operations promise ti bo very extensive. The other natural pre ducts worth mention are- fibre from th sycamore done into hats, for whloh the semi translucent filamente are eminently fit maize-corn husk, for hats or paper; and box of quassia, not the real American quasaii but an allied genus, viz., the Alstonia coi atrida. It seems worthy of au analysis, whic Bhould determine the alkaloid. THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN COURT. This colony, though not next to New Sout Wales dn tho date of its establishment, : second in Tank among our neighbours lnpopi latlon and advancement. Established in 18c she made rapid strides in colonisation, and t tho arrangements of her social and commerci systems, as well as the steady and soli character of her progress, havo always cor manded high respect. Although thero h boen considerable apathy displayed in respe to this exhibition, the South Australian Cou presents a fair'show, not so various, perhai as some of its neighbours, but in mai ways far richer. The representative coi misBionor hero is Mr. B. Herschel Babba;, an old colonist, and son of the eminent ci culator. He has beon unsparing in 1 exertions to got tho court in order. Soul Australia cannot be called a manufacture country. Its great sources of wealth are i copper, wool, and wheat. Wo may dispo of tho .question of wool by slating at on that thiB not being the soason for wool nor is sent. The display of copper in ita crae and purer states is very fine, and an entire tab Is occupied with samples sent from the Mooni and Wallaroo mlneB at Yorke's Peninsul the Burra mlnoB>t Burra Burro, the Al Nations mino at Kooringa, and Mr. F. ( Singleton's section near Mount Barker. Ti Moonta is the richest of all, and the spec mens include oroB yielding from thlrty-fiv» I forty-Beven and sixty per cent. The Wa laroo proprietors send a display oven su parie In interest and variety. Here aro thirtee «peoimens of ores, taken from different lovel and varying In richness from twi-nty per coo to a natural coarso copper yielding 08 67 p cont. The clay slate of the country In whic the lodes run lo also shown, and a compte serios of the processes hy which tho ore is i duced to tho ingot. The proprietors of ti Burra Burra send nothing, but the Jlon. ] Ayers, M.L.C., sends a cabinet full oí sim specimens. Round about will be four bags of wheat, flour, and oats, mott the grain selectod by the genoral committ In Adelaide, and tho flour from som» of ti best millers in South Australia. Mr. J. Dawso of Uawler: Mr. L, Bevilaqua, of Lyudocl Messrs. Magarey and Co., of Adelaide ; Mr. ] W. Colman, of Strathalbyn: and Mr. W. Allen, of Nuriootpa. A capital feature of tbe exhibition is a large number of specimens of jars and pots of fruits, &c;, prepared for culinary purposes. A trade of thiB kind is springing up in Adelaide, and it is the more suitable becanse while the colony la back- ward in producing the strawberries, goose- berries, taBpberriea, and currants of a colder climate, she is very prolific in tbe matter of peaches, citrons, apricots, and other produc- tions of a warmer atmosphere, including vegetables for pickling. By far the largest number-of exhibits of this sort come from Mra. L. A. Chance, of Parkside, whose goods are all neatly packed and labelled. Mr. Thomas Hardy, of Bankable, has sent in some fair raisins, ready for market. Half a cwt. of soap shows how that manufacture ia carried on, J. Tidmareh and Co., of Adelaide, being the only exhibitors. Coming to agricultural implements, the visitor begins to investígate a subject full of interest, for the colony has always been among the foremost to im- prove in a manufacture so important to her agricultural population. Mr. J. Gt. Ramsay, who ¡B not the largest manufac- turer of this -kind, bas, perhaps, the most in- teresting collection, which, with tho others, will, we are informed, be found in one of the annexes of the 'Exhibition-building. It In- cludes the latest improvement of Ridley's reaping machine. Mr. Ridley, then of South Australia, but now of London, invented this machine in Adelaide twenty years ago, and it li OB proved the fruitful parent of many more of a similar kind. Altogether, fully 200 of tbese machines are made in the colony every year. Mr. RamBay also shows some ploughs of his own invention. Mr. J. Mellor, who, we are told, employs ninety men in his factory, shows a whole series of agricultural imple- ments of excellent make, but whoso peculiar qualities are only known to the initiated. In wines there are nolesB than 610 samples, some ten or fourteen yeara old, from a large variety ofvineyardB. These will moBtly be stowed away in the cellars for the judges to taste. A collection of liqueurs from Seppelt'a distillery, and a case of bitters, illustrate the care taken to follow up the manufactures suited to the place. Two exhibits by Meaars. A. Simp ¡on and Son, deserve particular notice;-one is a patent fireproof safe, which would challenge competition in appearance with any English imported one ; and the other is some tin cases of small size for gooda requiring to be herme- tically sealed, auch as many kinds of oilmen's stores and preserved meats. They are made according to a Scotch invention, and, besides being sounder and stronger than others, have thiB remarkable element of cheapness, that they do not require skilled labour in their manufacture. Practically, here ends the Hat of manufactures; but we must include one which seems to thrive in this oolony, viz., gold and Bilver work. There are soveral exhibits of no particular merit, but one larger than all, by Mr. J. M. Wondt, is by far the finest of its kind in the whole Exhibition. The goods shown, are mostly silver ware, and the two moat remarkable articles are a candelabrum made in the exact shape of a fern tree, whilo a gum-tree, also ol very perfect configuration, forms an epergne, At tho foot of the candelabrum are four tiny landscapes in silver, representing snoop and cattle, hunters, and wild scenory. At the bottom of an epergne are some beautiful grast trees, a hunter on horseback, kangaroos, and emuB, all modelled with exquisite correctness The whole case is a picture. This particular industry seems to be favoured by the genita loci, for another exhibitor, Mr. W. Nitschke, exhibits some curious manufactures in cop- per, viz., a vase, a crucifix, and a pipe ham- mered out of the metal, two silver cups ham- mered out of silver coins, the rim inecriptione being left intact to aerve as a border, and a set of miniature tea things hammered from small coins, such as threepenny pieces. Among the remaining exhibits are specimens -far too small- of colonial «eos, including honeysuckle, peppermint, white, gum, red gum, mallee, pine, common wattle, silver wattle, blackwood, native cherry, almond, teatree, sandalwood, sheoak, marbled gum, and swamp gum, and, what must be of great in- terest to many, twenty-nine cabinet specimens of woods from the Northern Territory. TVc glass cases of wax models of fruits, apples pears, quincos, shaddocks, citrons, figs plums, medlars, lemons, pomegranates; oranges, walnuts, and chestnuts show the success of the cultivation of those fruits Mr. B. H. Babbage, the representative commissioner, exhibits a drawing of a por tion of his father's calulatlng-macbine and a book of sketches made by htrasell during his exploring trip to the interior ir 1848, when he discovered lakes Gregory anc Eyre. It seems that we have omitted to men tion in the right place six very respeetiibh sides of kip leather, sent by Mr. Wehla, fron the tannery at Mount Gambier. THE TASMANIAN COURT. The lovely \iBland of Tasmania, in which i established the second oldest of the Australia) colonies-for it WOB explored by Captain Cool in 1777, and first settled in 1801-occupies prominent position among the intercolonia courts. Its space is nearly as crowded a that of New South WaleB, and though it ca exhibit no such fruits of enterprise an industry, its display comprises objects o even greater beauty. This ia not inapprc priato in the caBe of a community whic! lias never exhibited the energy in tb establishment of manufactures characterise its neighbours, but has novertheleaa eminent! cultivated tho more graceful arts, so com pletely in accordance with the exquisit Ecenery on every aide. Tasmania has bee: well represented in Victoria in the matter c this exhibition. Tho indefatigable exertion of Mr. B. B. Nicholson, of Melbourne, ovo: came all the preliminary difficulties, ant moro lately, the work was mainly taken u by Mr. R. Walker, mayor of Hobart Towi and Mr. D. lewis, M.P., the représentatif commissioners who bave come over. Tb first glance at the court displaya the chii glory of the island, its magnificent timbe splendid specimens of which, Fronch-polishe to show the grain, aro built up into a admirable trophy, and also surround tt department. They aro of all sizes, ona plan of blaokwood measuring twelve feet in longt by nearly three feot wide. Some woods ai shown in loge, othors in knee-shaped pioct or in blocks, just as the grain serve Their qualities are astonishingly various. Tb blackwood, which is best known in Victori because of its uso for furniture purposes, i also valuable for cask-staves, and when washe with lime water becomes as dark as America rosewood and equally as heavy. The chii exhibitor ÍB Mr. J. Boyd, of Port Arthu where is the convict establishment of tb island. He also shows figured blue gum, sal to be equal to oak for ship building, and t be obtained in plank or log 200 feet long, i the form of plank, log, trenails, and floorinf boards. Some scented woods, oxhibited b Mr. Ronald C.Gunu, of Launceaton, and M O. Gould, Government geologist, aro curiou but of little value. Far more interesting ar specimens of tho celery top pine, a n markobly tough and heavy wood, whic abounds on the western sido of the Islam The best pieces are sent by Mr. J. I Scott, of Launceston, and they como froi Ringarooma, where there are largo beds of ti timber, but tbo place ia inaccessible for wai of roads-a common state of things in Va Diomen's Land. Cherrytree and dogwoc root, from Port Arthur, are shown as sampli of a beautifully veined cabinet wood, bardi cverbeard of. Sixteen specimens of muskwoc from different sources, but mainly the soutl western part of the island, represent a ti nab with a strong musky flavour, suitable fi turnery, finely veined and marked, and o' tainable in large quantities. Sheoak and b oak are displayed in size and compactness < grain rarely to be found in similar timber i Victoria. Among the other woods show: and the principal specimens of which a: eent here by Mr. Boyd, of Port Arthur, a íosowood veneer from Marlborough, myrtl Huon pino, Gordon River pino-which is r markablo for its lightness and toughncsa, ar is unsurpassed in suitableneas for oars, a pa of which aro exhibited by Mr, R. B. Dyer, Hobart Town ; pink wood, silver wattle, em nently well adapted for cask staves ; aassafre strings bark, peppermint, native pepper woo whitewood, ironwood, pear, box, yoi I o wood, honeysuckle, whitogum, and Oyster Bi pine, and almost every piece isa wonder of iii grain. Some furniture, not at all extraord narily well made, is Bent, to show how great a tho resources of tho colony in thia respect. writing-desk, made by J. Wood, of Liunce ton, is composed of 1,470 pieces of twent, two different sorts of wood, inlaid accordic to patterns, ono star containing GIO piece A lady's work-table, by W. Hamilton, i Hobart Town, ia also remarkable in tho aan way. Then there are vaaeB of fern-troo woo pretty enough for drawingroom ornament turned candlesticks of musk-wood and tra; and tablea of tho same material, the prn cipal manufacture« being W. i'owell as T. Dowling, of Hobart Town. A table of Huon-pine IB surprising, as ft illustrates a now style of ornamentation, viz., the gum mint: of ferns, flowers, and leavos upon the BurfBce, tho whole being Frenoh-ppliahed ovor. It is the work of Miss Collins, of Hobart Town. The visitor will do well to examine a row of veneers cut from different woods, whose names are marked, and are so glowing with colour, softly shaded, or else shot Into lines and waves and ciroles, as to be like pictures. Thoy were sent by Mr. Boyd, of Port Arthur. Leaving timber, the visitor is naturally attracted to the next best thing the island can-produce, viz., cereals, of which there is a splendid show, the best of the grain being placed in small glass-covered compartments. There are sixty exhibits of wheat, barley, oats, &c;, and no less than thirty- one different sorts of peas, The best wheat, grown by Mr. G. W. Lindley, of Jericho, ia -stated to weigh 671b. t'o the bushel. A sample of barley, grown by W. M. Dean, of Launceston, is said to weigh 681b. loz. per bushel ; and some oats, grown at Bishop bourne in 1864, are stated to have formed part of a crop whose average height was seven feet, and the produce 10Ö bushels to the acre. As a sort of curiosity connected with this brauch of the subject, is exhibited a huge mass of what is called hore as well as across the Straits native bread, being a lungus growing liko a truffle underground, and a favourite food of the aborigines. It tastes like cold boiled sour rice. Another of the chief resources «f the island are its fruits, and here great painB have been taken to make a sufficient display. Unable to Bend the fruit itself, the commissioners selected specimens, which were modelled in wax by Mrs. Jhonson, of Hobart Town, and thus eight specimens of pears, and thirty- one of apples, prove what has been done in this branch of cultivation. Other varioties and other fruits are also presented ; and a large number of cases of jams, principally from the manufacturing establishments of Dickenson and Co., of Hobart Town, and E. Lipscomb, of Sandy Bay, 'bear testimony to the attention paid to thiB industry. Treacle and jam, made from parsnips, carrots, and mangold wurtzel, are also sent by Dr. Huston, of the New Norfolk Lunatic Asylum, his patients bei-g the producers. There are several ex- hibits of wines and cider, but they represent minor industries, and are not to be com- pared in importance with the casks of Tas- manian ale from the rivol breweries of Mr. R. Wolker and the Hon. J. Wilson, which are beginning to be heard of and patronised in Victoria, especially as Tasmanian hops, of which-there are exhibits, are now so success- fully cultivated. A few samples of fine flour exhaust the list of natural pioducts, except minerals, which last make but a poor show, except in building stones. The Royal Society Buow a few specimens of gold from different parts of Tasmania ; but the only gold work- ings in the colony are at Fingal, and they nre neither extensive nor particu- larly successful. The hematite, exhibited by the Government geologist, Mr. Gould, tells a very different tale of promise. It is found in deposits of various sizes in dif- ferent parts of the island ; and at Ilfracombe, on the Tamar, seven miles from the beach, Mr. Gould assumes that there aro 350 tous of ore, averaging ssveuty-two per cent, of iron, lying above the water level, and presenting every facility for working. Pieces of the anthracite coal, found in thin seams at New Town, and uBod in Hobart Town for fuel, as woll as the coal taken from tho Seymour mines and other parts of the colony, are dis- played in their relative positions. The richest portion of the mineral department are the vaiieties of building stone, of which there are numerous specimens, in foot cubes. The beautiful grain and durability of some of these stones are but little known, although it 1B said of one freestone, found at Mona v ale, near Rees, that one bed contains euough to build every city in Australia. When Tas- mania was a convict settlement it was largely worked, though in the centre of tho island ; now, howevei, the quarries are almost de- serted. Five grindstones show how hard some of this Btone with closer grit is ; and the existence of good marbles, granite, ser- pentine fireclays, ochres, pipeclays, and other valuable deposits is proved by samples of each. The animal products are interesting, but not so profitable. They Include some fine silk in skeins, the best baing that ob- tained by the Misses Callow, of Hobart Town ; and a number of rugs and mats, com- posed of the skins of kangaroo and opossum, which are finer here and softer than inViotoria, tiger, wallaby, and buck, and two collec- tions of stuffed birds, by Mr. W.Notmau, an amateur, of Launceston, and Mr. W. Hissey, of Hobart Town. Of preserved meats there are several samples. One is of beef that has been two whaling voyages in the barque Emma ; and thero are tins of kangaroo pre- served in six wajs, by Mrs. Crouch, of Hobart Town, how successfully we havu no means of judging. The specimens of manufactures and the useful arts are, with few exceptions, very unimportant, The great exceptions are in some splendidly tanned skins of horse, calf, kid, kangaroo, and buck,, from G. H. Elliott's tannery, ¡n Hobart Town. Seve- ral Bamples of whale oil, which is now again becoming an export, and soap. We must not leave out some valuablo chemical preparations from the grass-tree and essential oils diBtilled from the leavea of the blue, white, and peppermint gums, sassafras, and Oyster Bay pine, by Weaver and Co., of Hobart Town. The ornamental arts are by no means unrepresented. The most notice- able picture is tho " BaptiBm of Christ," an oil painting by Mr. Dowling, lato of Laun- ceston, but now Btudying in England, where bo produced this work. A fino portrait of Bishop Nixon, by the Rev. John Dixon, of Windermere, is sure to attract notice ; and there is a largo display of water-colour draw- ings, the best by Mrs. Meredith, of Hobart Town, who has also sent a series of botanical drawings, ono representing a "cool debate" between some frogs sheltered under river flags, pleasantly reminding the on-looker of tho authoress of " Our Bush Friends." There aro also a vast number of photographs of great merit, not only because of tho exquisite scenery tbey represent, but ou account of their exquisite finish. They are mostly done by amateurs, and some of the best were taken by Mr. Morton Allport, the acolimatiser. THE NEW ZEALAND COURT. This important colony occupies a not very prominent placo in this Exhibition, mainly from the .paucity of exhibits, but also because no one appeared to represent tho northern provinces, and their goods wero only partially arranged by the secretary to the commis- sioners at the last moment, whon it was im- possible to make an advantageous display. Thus our description will be confined to a few observations, which will ba enlarged when opportunity offers. This remark does not refer to Southland, whose representative here was the Hon. J. G. Francis. Mr. Francis, unable to attend to the affair himself, gave instructions which procured an excellent place and arrangement for the few matters that were sent in from Invercargill. The urticles from tho northern provinces are moBtly still in case, the moBt prominent of those visible- being some water-colour draw- ings, many of excellence, a fine samplo of Taranaki steel sand, accompanied by a dagger made of the same material, and somo samples of New Zealand flax (Phormium lenax), ridded of ita gummy matter, and dyed. A large wooden case, full of coal, is erected to show the seam found at West Wanganui, Nelson, as it appears at the outcrop. The upper coal is one foot thick, and thoa come eight inches of shale, succeeding which is the lower coal, four feet thick. The dip is stated to ba N. 66° W., the anglo of inclination, 120°, and the probablo yield 4,600 tous per aero, The Southland exhibits are mostly wool, minerals, and dressed native flax. The wools are the produco of Leicester, Lincoln, and merino sheep, and appear to have a staple folly equal, if not superior, to that of the average wool of these varions sorts. The minerals consist of a block of syenite, some limestone, specimens of platinum, some Tare cryBtaliEod limestone, and a quantity of tlta niferous iron-sand, from Point William, Stewart Island, forwarded by Mr. J. H. Baker, chief Govornmeut surveyor of South- land ; lumps of coal from Mount Beaumont, and gold from tho Paki gold-field, sont hy Mr. J, Dalgleish, of the Bank of Otago. A few samples of pottery show that something is being done iu this direction, and several varieties of coreáis and agricultural,"product3 prove that agriculture is progressing in Southland. A few woods, white, red, and black pines, totara, rata, broad-leaf, manuknu, and goa, which exhibit the characteristic:) belonging to New Zealand timber, aro sont by Mr, J. Smith, of Invercargill, By far tho moBt interesting exhibit is a series of manu- facturas, by Mr. J. Scott, of Invercargill, of New Zealand flax, which by various processes IB made into wool lashing*, spuuyara, thatch- ing, dooimats, and twines of various thick nets. In »ppenrance the various articles ara oí the best class. THE QUEENSLAND COURT. This court, which nearly shared the fate of that of New Zealand, bas been saved from an ignominious position byDr. Mueller, curator to our Botanic- gardens, who has been, partly by accident, but marrfly through his public spirit, its best friend. TliehlBtory of the Bharo which Queensland has in the Exhibition muBt in fairness be told. When the idea was started by Victoria, and assistance asked for, the Queensland Government voted a sum of money in aid of the affair, and two local exhibitions wero decided upon, one at Brisbane, and one at Rockhampton. That at tho capital was duly held, and in the end a small quota of the exhibits was sent on to Melbourne. Tho packages were placed in the Queensland Court, and thara tbey remained, no one being appointed to look after them, or, if appointed, not coring to do BO, till the afternoon before the Exhi- bition was to open, In the meantime, the North Queeneland Exhibition waa duly opened at Rockhampton, a goodly ehare of exhibits was sent to Melbourno, and M. Thozet, a large contributor, asked his friend, Dr. Mueller, to Bee them fairly displayed. The doctor undertook the task, and the work was done by Tuesday morning. The question of opening the Brisbane exhibits was then brought before the commissioners, who askod Dr. Mueller to complete the arrangement of the court, which also he has done as well as he could. Consequently the opening day found the place iu order, though tbe effects of the neglect of the Queensland Government were plain. This wasthe more to ba regretted as tbere wero in Melbourne Beveral Queensland gentlemen who would gladly have attended to the duty. Nevertheless, there was much that was interesting to be noticod. ItBeems that the woods of each colony form nearly its chlof exhibit, and Queensland Bbowed no departure from tho rule, especially in the case of the more northern province. The collection from Brisbane was sent by Mr. Walter Hill, director of the local botanic gardens, and it comprised about 120 pieces of indifferently varnished woods, so imperfectly labelled that one could only guess the cha- racter of euch specimen. There was also a Belies of handsome blocks, but they had to bt> placed where they could be seen but little. One of the beat of the exhibits consisted of aeveral samples of cotton of different Borts. Some pure looking Sea Island cotton waa sent by Captain Towns, of Townsvale, the largeBt cultivator of cotton in Queensland, and who has imported a number of Kanakas from the South Seas in order to get the best aid in reaiing the plants. Some New Orleans cotton is Bent by the Rev. Marmaduke Bell and Dr. Chulloner, two cultivators ; and two other samples of the Seo Island product are exhi- bited by Mr. E. H. Booth, late of Booth and Bailallie, a Melbourne firm, and Mr. W. G>. Bailey, of Maryborough. Silk seems to have received much attention, and no lesa than twelve cases of cocoons were displayed, but wa had no means of obtaining any infor- mation respecting them, in time for publica- tion now. Some dried beef, which was, we are informed, extremely well spoken of In Brisbane, is exhibited, but only in case, so that the spectator's curiosity is not gratified. The inventor of the drying process is said to perform it on a tolorably extensive scale, slaughtering his bullocks where ho meets tbem, and drying tbeir flesh then ond there. Sugar cane, mostly West Indian, bas of late years been cultivated in Queensland with considerable success, but much difficulty is experienced in crushing. The samples of augar shown were made by order of the com- missioner, and do not illustrate a trade actually in existence. The sugars are of a coarse kind, and were grown by Messrs. Warren and Ham, from canes Beven monthB old, and Waldron and Co. Tbe samples are packed in beautiful little kegs, made ot tho wood of the silky oak. A case of colonial perfumes, made by Mr. L. Carmichael, of Brisbane, shows how largely our perfumers are relying upon native products. Several ehelves are full ot bottled fruits and pickles, which were well spoken of by the Brisbane presa at'the time ot the ex- hibition, but at present there is little known respecting them. A few native armB and nets, pictures of birds, and small matters, make up the rest of the Brisbane depart- ment. Northern Queensland, which has been settled only very lately. Rockhampton itself not having nearly reached its teens yet, mokea a very creditable ahow, tho mora re maikable as the Brisbane commissioners not only granted no subsidy to Rockhampton, but, with singular discourtesy, did not even reply to the letter containing the 'application. Ita main feature ia its timbers, which form the collection of M. Thozet, an enthuaiastic colonist ; but they have unfortunately been too recently cut to obtain the necossary season- ing. They have, however, the advantage of Dr. Mnellei 'sarrangement, and aredoubly interest- ing aa tbey illustrate the products of northern and tropical Australia, many of which have only very recently become known, Some of the woods are highly poisonous, and the blacks out off chips and throw them into the lagoona to stupify and catch tbe fish, after the manner of English gipsy poachers. Among others are Leichardt's-tree, which grows to a heigbt oi 100ft., and the native mulberry, which fur- nishes fibre for the strongest fishing and kangaroo nets made by tho natives. M. Thozet also exhibita the various roots and plants which are ueed as food hy the abori- gines, and a small pamphlet with a minute description of tboi-o productions accompanies the collection. Ile has also a collection oí gutta percha wood, gums and reain from the graBB-tree, and barks, some highly medicinal, That of the Alstonia constricta is a powerful bitter, said to have all the properties ol quinine, and tho Severn-tree bark ia used for the Fame purpose throughout the colony. Others aro lound to possess dyinp properties. Wool, tho chief export of the colony, ia only represented by four fleecea, of course but half grown, from Mr, H. St. George, of Rannes ; but nothing ia aenl from the sugar plantations, which are steadily progressing ia the north, and from presen! appearances are destined shortly to become c largo Bource of wealth. Although the country is rich in minerals, so little has been done te make tbem avouable that the Peak Downs Copper-mining Company have alone sonl any, but the richness of tbo specimens art very promising." They include some fini malachite. Auriferous quartz is also dis played, to indicate the fact of its discovery Coal is said to be abundant, but aa no miuei north of Maryborough are worked we hav< only Borne pieces taken from the surface anc forwarded by Mr. M'Kay, of Cooroora! Station, Mackenzie River. Two exhibita o Soi» Island cotton and tree ootton show thal that source of wealth has already beer thought of in this remote region. Manufac tures North Queensland does not possess ; anc a few photographs, native utensils ant weapons, and other curiosities, complete thi collection. THE WEST AUSTRALIAN COURT. The colony of West Australia, whict though established as far back aa 1829, is yoi tho most thinly populated of any of the Aus trolianBettlements.hosnotwitbstandingitsfeH (10,000) inhabitants, furnished a very credit able court, not abounding in evidences o prosperous industries, but somewhat rich ir resources of wealth which might be turned ti enormous profit. The commissioners ben oro Messrs. J. B, Were and R. H. Bland, wht have published a special catalogue of the exhibits in the court, prefaced by a sorlos o valuable remarks upon the colony audits pro ductions. Chief among the latter aro the woods of which West Australia may be juBtly proud for they comprise some of the moat valuable in the world. The specimens furnished are splendid, and come mainly from the Centra Committee at Perth, and Mesara. B. Masor and H. Saw, of the same city. The principal timber trees are of the eucalyptua or myrtl< family, and the most useful of all ia that called jarrah by the natives, and commonly known as mahogany, which it closely resem bles. The visitor to see spécimens in thi rough must travol to the annexo, where ii exhibited a mahogany pile, which has stood twenty-five years under water, and is polished to show the small effect of wear and toar. Thii mahogany, of which there are ampio exhibit! in tbo court, is said to be one of the inosl enduring of all woods, and if cut when thi Bap is down defies decay, timo, weather water, the white ant and sea worm, oven the terrible Uredo navalis. Thus copper sheathing vessels of this wood is found to ba uuueces Baiy. Tooart, a variety of whitegum, and c distinct variety of bluegum of excollonl quality, are also exhibited, ta show their close gruin, Tbey grow in immense forests to tin southward of Gape Leuwln, and attain a vast height and size. Wost Australian sandal- wood Is well known na a large export to Singa poreandOhina. Theyareall displayed inmany ways, toilluBtrate their Buitablllty for use and ornament. The former quality is exhibited as far as possible in tho case of the mahogany, which.fromits durability and power of defying insects, is Bald to bo unusually suitable for dock-gates, piles, keel pieces, kelsonB, »nd othor heavy timber in Bhip-bullding. It has already been largely UBod in India fortele graph-poBts and raliway sleepers, which have to Ho in sand, where the white ant is so destructive. The tooart is shown to be desirable for the engine-rooms of steam vesBeis, and any place where there is groat heat, to which It is not susceptible. The ornamental woods aro shown in a serlos of splendid individual specimens, and a table, made to the order of the Central Committee of Perth, and inlaid with mahogany, rasp- berry-jam wood, toourt, banksia, sheoak, pear, sandalwood, cypres*, satiuwood, wando, tooart root, and peppermint. Some buoys aud boat-models are also displayed, and a series of shafts, felloes, naves, spokes, &c;, manufactured by Mr. J. Summers aud Mr. H. Saw, of Perth. Mr. H. Saw also exhibits the best specimens of mahogany, one bring a huge slab, polished, 6ft. long, 2ft. Oin. wide, and liln. thick. Turning to minerals, we find but a few speci- mens, but they are varied ; and after pipe- clays, a few hone-stones, and ochres, BOtne iron orof, of which it is ßaid there is an inex- haustible quantity In the province. West Australian iron was'tried some time since as against the iron of commerce and Swedish iron, ond the colonial article was found to be by far tho best. It detracts from the value of this result to find that the iron was what is called magnetic iron, and merely taken from the surface. Some respectable hematite is shown. The specimens of copper are more numorous, and ora brought from vorious parts ; but though the names of miniug com- panies are given, there is nothing leading to the supposition that mining operations are carried on to any extent. Want of capital is the alleged reason, The animal products con8Í8t of a few COCOOUB of silk, and some ambergris, which ia plentiful on the West Coast» The agricultural products are fow, and comprise a little grain and flour. In manu- factures the only important exhibits aro a quantity of leathor of different qualities, tanned and dressed by Mr. B. B. Ranford, of Perth. Some wine and olive oil show that this branch of industry has not boen over- looked ; but no ono visiting the court can fail to bo struck by the specimens of raisinB, which are apparently of a very fine quality indeed. There are two BompleB of theso-one from Mr. 0\. Ferguson, of Swan, and the other from Mr. Joseph Hardey, of Peninsular Farm, near Perth; and on his caBois inscribed the state- ment that he has made three tons of raisins this BeaBon, and two of his neighbours bave made two and a half tons each. Surmount- ing the court, is au elegunt trophy of native ormB, arranged by Mr. E. Howitt, tho late secretary to the commissioners, and in front is a table covered with natural curiosities, including valuable ewes of native birds, from Mr, F. F. Armstrong, of Perth, and the Rev, G. J. Bostock, of Fremantle ; tho latter gentleman sending a case of beetles. Mr. A, Shenton, of Perth, has forwarded a fine collec- tion of shells, corals, and sponges. THE NEW CALEDONIAN COURT. The Interesting exhibition from Now Cale donia, though a welcome earnest of friendship from the chief French depot in the Soutl Seas, is scarcely Australian in its character It is none the less an evidence of tho class o productions we may expect from our nevi neighbour, and as such we may he thankfu for the action taken by M, Guillain, Governo: of the island, in procuring for us so valuable an addition to our exhibition. New Oaledouit is represented here by M. Mathieu, colonial secretary, and M. Boutan, director of the Government model farm-an establishment o enormous importance, for to it the convicts are sent in the first instance, there to learn ti practice the industries required by the settler to whom they will be assigned. It i: expected that New Caledonia will havi in the course of time large sugar ane coffee plantations; and the first objeel that strikes the eye in the court ii a row of canes of tho native sugar, which after cultivation, is found to be very produc tlvo OB well as remarkably prolific. They ar sent hy MM. Hoff and Marie, of Naku Takoin and some sugar in a manufactured state i exhibited by M. Joubert, of Kor Noumea Next year this gentleman oxpects to mak 300 tons. Some rum made from the colonia BUgor is also shown. The Government i taking great pains to get sugar cultivate freely throughout the colony, and a shoi time since sent a steamer round the coast ii order to supply the settlers with knots cut oi the cane, which take root quickly. Som magnificent maize ÍB only a sample of th agricultural produce of the island, and th best specimens are sent by Jame Song, CbinoBO colonist. M, Boutan haB brough with him from the Government farm Bample of various plants notably coffees of tho St. Le and Ceylon varieties, castor-oil soods, acaci and Lamanon woods, and manion. Coffe grows well in New Caledonia, and only take three years instead of four to como to porfei tion. Trees only two and a-half years old wei found to yield each two pounds of bean Thoro is some tobacco in the court, but it : very poor. It growa nearly wild, and ti Government are manufacturing it for tt uso of the convicts, MM. Pio:& et Albaret, e Ktinala, exhibit excellent specimens of rie grown in dry high soil. Some swamp-grow rice, even bettev in quality, comes from A Fullol, of Nakèty, near Kanala. Beans i the haricot varieties appear to pruspt amazingly, as also, ground pistachios (pi taelies de terre), in tho South Seas, 'i'h manioc, mentioned just above, is a Bort < tapioca, and has been reduced to glutei which promises to be valuable, by Ä Pancher, Government botanist. A larr, number of native plants, yielding dye essential oils, illuminating oils, perfume &c;, are exhibited iu their natural an manufactured stateB by M. Bavery, th Rev. MM. Maristea, of Noumea, and othi gentlemen, and an enormous heap of Se Island cotton, from Lifoa, one of ti Royalty Islands, shows how plentifully grows there. The minerals include iron an copper ores ; limestone, of which a Bhiploa was lately sent to Sydney ; and a huge spec mon of jade, closely resembling tho famot green-stone of New Zealand. Somo photi graphs will be found interesting, on accoar of the scenes they represent ; and from ti Colonial Secretary'sdepartmentcomesatropb of native weapons, which is to be presente fo the National MuBeum of Vlotoria when ti Exhibition is over. There is a large numbe of articles we bavo not noticed, which wi on examination, throw no little light on ti futuro of New Caledonia. BATAVIA (NEDEBLANDSCHE INDIE) A few specimens of Bataviau produce ar manufactures aro exhibited in a part of ti South Australian court. They were only p there at the laBt moment, and bavo not y been catalogued or labellad.' They incitai tea, pepper, indigo, tobacco, coffee, a voriti of Bpices, silk, hemp, and a number of otei tropical productions. THE FINE ARTS GALLER'. The first thing which BtrikeB the isito to the department appropriated to thfFim Arts is the exclusivo preference showryy ou principal artists for landscape paiatim1 Th best pictures exhibited are those wich re present the scenery of Australia ad Nev Zealand; and in oach instance tb treat ment of tho subject IB special and haractei istic, bearing the cachet of the indiviual. M von Guerard offers us a literal interpretation idiomatic but mannered ; M. Cavalier, ai agreeable paraphraso ; M. Buvelot?« free trans lation, with somothing of a forigu accent and Mr. Gully a {poetical verein. M. voi Guerard sees things as they are ;M. Chevalie as they might be ; M, Bavelot is they wouli look under foreign conditions 'f atmosphere and Mr. Gully heightens the 'eauty of wha he sees by the power of his icagination. M von Guerard's style is distlguished by it fidelity ; M. Chevalier's by its vivacity ; R! Buvelot's by its sobriety; aid Mr. Gully's bi its dash and vigour, The first appears t work in obedience to hi conscionco ; th second to be guided by coeiderations of wha will please ; the third to be governed by canons of ort acquired in Europe, and ac- cepted BB authoritative*hore; and the fourth to be influenced by a determination to pro Bent nature under those aspects in which it may be said that aho undorgoea transfigura- tion. M. von Guerard has the more delicate touch, combined with a fine perception of local form and ?colour; M. Chevalier great facility of execetion and a certain, careless grace of composition; M. Buvelot paints solidly, and 'the tone of his pioturea ia har- monious; while Mr. Gully's pencil is directed by a baud which is almost audacious in ita boldness. Each of these artists is woll repre- sented in the Exhibition. M. von Guerard by a fine picture of Mount Kosciusko, aa aeon from the Victorian aide of the Murray ; M. Chevalier by his sketches of New Zoaland scenery ; M. Buvelot, by some landecapos near Melbourne; and Mr. Gully by two lorge water- colour drawings, which »re among tho most attractive pictures in the gallery, ino, first of these represents the weBtern tier, of mountains in the Middle Island, New Zealand. The foreground is lightly timi bered with trees, rich in foliage, brigbJ in colour, and graceful in form; thi middle distance is occupied by a lak), dark with the reflected shadows of a deno forest, receding to the foot of o graud moui tain chain, admirably painted; the genenl structure being indicated with aufkeimt force, while the faint and aerial outlines of the summits almost blend with the attio pphoro of the horizon, and their soft eujos have that filmineBS and transparency wnch always characterise the lofty ridges of mtun tains rising to a very great altitude, and encruated with ice and snow. In ,fact. nothing con be truer to nature than the opoleecenco which the ortist has succeed« in imparting to these snowy heights. An «free tive contrast to thiB picture, both in subject and treatment, is presented by its compjnlon, representing a storm on the Dividing tange, between Nelson and Marlborough. Tb phy- siognomy of the scene ia wild, masstß, and irregular, and the prevailing sentiment« ono of loneliness and desolation, unrelievet by the presence of any living creature, eicept a white-ninged bird driven across thelaidBcapo by the violence of the gale. A thunderstorm is expending its force upon therugged ant impas- sive shoulders of the mouçtaine, and tlegloom is both heightened and rolleved ly casual glinta of sunshine from a break in the sky on the spectator's left; one ray of light striking upon a glacier, anotha falling through a mountain rift, and a tHrd flash- ing upon the moist sward in the fieground, and BO investing it with a burnialed lustre. Both these picturea moy be decribad aa poems, ond we may be grateful to ue circum- stance which has made the artisl known to tho people of Victoria ; while it lïo be honed that Boroo generous benofactor .o the Vic- torian Gallery may purchase tbm for pre sen lotion to it. M. von Guerard's principal corfcributlon to the collection coDSiats of a viw of Mount Kosciusko from the Mount HopfRangaa. The timber in the foreground is treated with greater freedom than he usuily employs, although he still continues toirowd au im- mense deal of not always neceBfiry detail into a limited space, which someimea tendB to break up the attention of thoibsorver. But hi8 scale of colour is so harmöious and woll graduated os to give a foellng'f unity to each of his works; and inthatuider notice, the eye 1B led on from the mourtain buttresses, enveloped in a purple ha:/, to the jogged summitB,standing out sharp pdclear from the rarer atmoaphere which eurranda them, by im- perceptible stages, until the ¿ind receives that impression of altitude and emotenoBs which the artist has designed to prduce. Besides the picture we have named, K von Guerard ex- hibits a view from the topf the same moun- tain-to our thinking tboiaet satisfactory of his productions ; a beoutifl Rroup of cabbage-, treeB-near the Shoalhaven River, N.S.W.; a clump of tea-trees near Opo Schanck ; a view of the Western Tier, near longford, Tasmania ; and others, of most of with we have had occa- sion to epeak in termsof praise when they were firßt painted. M. also attached to some iceresting tinted litho- graphs of colonial scenic engraved and ex- hibited by Messrs. Hand and Ferguson, upon whom they reflect.greacredit. Mr. N. Chevalier's tor in New Zealand has resulted in tbe produdon of nearly a hun- dred sketches of the rmantic and diversified scenery of that coatry, from brief and rapidly-oxecuted merorauda up to finished drawiDgä in water-olour; and depicting some of its most striing features-its moun- tain ranges crested iith snow ; its lakes lying in the bollow of its ,1113 ; ita forests, in which the gigantic trees se matted together with creepeiB and under'ood ; its gloomy ravines and bleak passes its broad plains aud Binuoua rivers ; b foaming cataracts and long Btretches of iandy sea shore or rocky cliff. All these kve been depicted under 1 their various aspfts of storm and Bunsbino, morning and evejlng, by a ready penoil and a skilful hand. Sme of the smaller drawings are particularlyiappy, and will, no doubt, furnish the artie with subjects for effeotive i pictures. Of the fro oil-paintings exhibited by M. Chevalier, thf WannonFalla"and a " Pine ForeBt in Italy we hove little difficulty in awarding our reference to the latter, which ' represents the/ito of the villa of Pliny the i Younger, near/tetia in Italy ; where the rank ! luxuriance of/iature appears to have oblite- rated all trace'f human habitation ; and the k pool of water the clump of trees, the under ' growth of veefation, and the general loneli i ness of tbo apt, recall some of the descriptive passagCB in Bod's Haunted House. Some notle of M. Buvolot'a pictures has 1 already appsred in The Afgus, and the collec . tlon of oil-pintings and water-colour draw , inga now admitted to public inspection, con- firms ua ir'the opinion we then expreased. 1 They ore a' marked by breadth of handling i and purit; of tone, though deficient in that warmth oPolour which belongs to an Auatra > lian landfipe, and which an artist fresh from Europe, ad accustomed to the cool greys, the half-light and semitones proper to the less transparût atmosphere of Great Britain, tbo Netherláds, and the North of France, would hesitata'o use-would look upon, indeed, as < gaudy, iutrageous, and bizarre. Such a soft ' veil as fats upon the landscape there, rarely obscun it here ; but wo seem to look through it rathrthan through the transparent atmos phere/f Australia in surveying M. Buvelot's views n the environs of Melbourne. Wo aro not are that the picture does not gain in beaut' what it loaea in literal accuracy; whilSwo might point to this gentleman's treatnent of our unmanageable foliage as an i illu/ration of what moy bo done by judicious i mating, .to ¡conceal the ugliness which it BO I ofua presents in detail. It is by delineating the foliage of the gum and peppermint trees, leaf by leaf, with pre Raffeallitsh palnstaking and perspicuity, that M. Gritten mars the effect of his clever pictures of Australian scenery, in which there is so much promise and such a visible desire to give a faithful statement of what he sees in nature, that we should be glad for his own sake to see him correct this tendency towards; minute manipulation, by a re- ference to the example of U. Buvelot, whose practice conforms to that of some of the best landscape painters In Europe. Mr. T. Clarke's copy of Murillo's " Spanish BoyB," in the Dulwich Gallery, denotes a care fal Btudy of the original aa well as a complete command of the technical resources of bia art. An original painting, entitled the " Last Effort," represents two shipwrecked marinera on a raft-one dying in the mingled agonies of thirst and exhaustion, and the other feebly waving some article of clothing to attract the attention of a vessel in tbe offing. The sun ÍB setting luridly in the west, and throws into relief the figure of the ship which, in a few minutes, may drop beneath the horizon and carry with it the last hone of the two sufferers. The picture ÍB poetically conceived, but is somewhat eccentric in colour. Mr Clarke also exhibits the Horses of Rhesus, and the Fern- tree Gully at Dandenong. Mr. 0. D. Barraud's watercolonr drawinga of New Zealand scenery ore bold in drawing, but crude in colour and deficient in atino Bpbore ; from whence it results that their outline is hard, aud the objects detach thom selves from tbe different planes of the plcturo with unueuul abruptness. Tbe interest they poseoEsls topographical, therefore, rather thau arfistic. Mr. S. T. Gill exhibits a number of water colour drawings, illustrative of bush life, dashed off with great spirit, and executed with a dexterity and rapidity not alwayB favourable to correct drawing or careful finish. Mr. Summers, tho sculptor, exhibits a marble buBt of Sir Henry Barkly, and various medallionB, in all of which his talent for portraiture ia strikingly displayed ; and his pupil, Misa ThomaB, likewise contributes o group in plaster, a portrait bust, and some medallions, which denoto progress while they maintain promise. The pen-and-ink drawings of Mr. Monte- fiore challenge admiration on many accounts, and his copy of a sketch of the site of Mel- bourne, made on the occasion of ita founda- tion thirty-one yours ago, suggests mucli matter for reflection in connexion with the Exhibition-building, ita contents, and ita surroundings. Acollection of drawings, models and plaster casts, prosented to the Board of Education by the Government of Italy, is not the least in. terffltine feature of the display in the Gallen/ of the line Arte ; to which also Mr. Burrowa ha« sent eight oil paintings collected hi Europe, and bearing the nomes of dlstln gufehed masters. A large water-colour draw- ing by Mr. H. Davis must not bo overlook^ in this department; and it ia to bo regreti i$ that most of tho works of art Bent in froj_, the other colonies do not find a place in the' gallery, but ara arranged with the rest of the« exhibits in the great hall, and mostly in, Boen a bad light as to preclude a satisfactory inspection of them. As might be expected, Photography, which constitutes an intermediate link between art and industry, gravitating towards the one or the other according to the artistic feeling and capacity of tho operator and the colourist is. largely represented in this Exhibition. The various borough councils of the colony have sent photographs of the chief public buildings in their respective distriots, and these fur* nish very impressive evidences of the material progress achiovcd. The other colonies have likewise sent similar views, and the whole form a moBt valuable: pictorial record. To enumerate all the photographers in thlo c1 y andI suburbs who have availed them selves of this opportunity of obtaiuing-publi- city would far exceed our space, but we will mention some of the more prominent Messrs. Batchelder and Co. exhibit a highly finished half-length life-siz«, portrait ot Sir Redmond Barry; a portrait of Sir Henry Manners Sutton, coloured with the delicaov pf a miniature ; a child upon a couch, charm- ingly painted ; portraits of Mr. J. 0. Lambert »£ vi3ÍSr' in n ?umJ°« of his best parts, in r^J« tibe ?^mtol has succeeded iii seizW and fixing tho moBt evanescent traits of cha raoter and expressions of countenance ; nearly a hundred visitors to the Fancy Dress Bail given by the Mayor of Melbourne, portrayed in the cabinet size; some exquisite photo- graphs in imitation of miniatures on ivory and portraits of all the governors of Victoria' from Mr. Charles J. La Trobe downwardBr rÄJt"?1 h?Va SX1 tho «PPearance of original watercolour drawings. Messrs. Johnstone and O'Shannessy display a/*°«CB collection of PorfcroitB, including ono of His Exce ¡ency the Governor; the large sized medalhonB being especially entitled to praise, on account of their Boftness and deli °acy, closely resembling a sepia drawine Mr. Perry's exhibits in this department arc very numerous, and include portraits of Sir Charles Darling and most of the members-oft his family, coloured with great nicety, white the general tone of Mr. Perry's pictures ia harmonious and pleasing, teures is rJ^l' M'D°nnld " has a striking portrait; (among others) of the Due de PontWovre and Messrs. Paterson Brothers' views of sub-' ÏÏB» residences help to prove the peculiar adaptation of the photographic process for tures r °f arohiteot"-l struc Eight views of Melbourne from the clock tower of the General Post Office, exhibited by Mr F. W. Robinson, will offer to strangers a capital and comprehensive idea of the extent, the topography, and the principal features of the city. Messrs. W. Davies and Co. contribute a great variety of photographs, plain and coloured, many of thom enlarged to llfe-sizo. and easily recognisable in the case of public characters, by their vraisemblance. In this notice, it haa been found im possible to do more than offer an out- line of tbo contents of tho Fine Arte Department of tho Exhibition, passing over much that may be reserved for future comment, and omitting many things that elude attention on a fir»t visit. Op to a late hour yesterday many of the exhibits were not placed ; others were only tem- porarily orranged ; and the crowd of visitors attracted by tho opening ceremonial prevented anythiDg like a leisurely and critical suivey, while the meagre entries in the catalogua furnish but slight assistance to thoBe who3a nW lfc ÏTÎ.0 re.porfc on the contents of the Gallery of Fino Arts. THE CONCERT. The second grand concort in connexion with the Intercolonial Exhibition came off on Wednesday evening with decided success. The National Anthem was given, as in the former part of the day, with the conductor's harmonies, and including the melody as a solo, sweetly sung by Miss Watson. The first part of the concert consisted of the " South Sea Sisters," a lyric masque of unquestion- able merit, hy Mr. R. H. Horne, the "in- cidental music" of which was composed by the conductor, Mr. C. E. Horsley. The symphony intended to convey the idea of the primeval wilderness reminded us of Haydn's Chorus, but without the appropria- tion of a single phrase. The sombre cha- racter of the music was sustained by striking and original passages in the first chorus, "Deep in the stony silence of the earth the wealth of nations liea ;" and then came the rich tone of Mr. Angus, in the recita- tive, " The deep hoarse mirth quells." Part 2 began with chorus, " The rolling ships and the rolling soa," displaying ingenuity, if 5T, 5VeTldlD,B much pleasure. Then The March of All Nations," illustrated by their national airs, in which the composer managed to introduce and combine with sur- prising ingenuity several popular airs, which appeal to tho sympathies of all Britons. Tho firBt verse ran thus ; " Old England's sons sail forth wtih throo clioo-s 1- or roast beef, Juck Tar», and tho Grenadiers. And Erin comes « 1th her nativa harp And tho warlike pipe of tho Scot IB shrilling. And Bhenkin of ' noble race' aosms willing." The chorus " Alas, for tho loved ones wo Ieavo bohlnd, who sieh as thoy gozo on tho vacant ten-" should have been marked P.P. ; its effect was somewhat marred by being too loud. The chorus is intended musically to imitate the native corroboree, and Bhows wonderfal versatility in the composer. The following words were so rendered by the chorus as to electrify the audience, and bring down thunders of applause : Chorus. From Creek of Woroobooml-boo ! And shocp-run Woolagoola-goo ! Como Dlbblo follow dancing In fog ! All over Mount Woolooln-ysh I And earth-holes of Worondi-wah ! lill bo vanish in tho yellow Wog-wog. Old chief of Woolon»ra-nab, From the groat river banks, far-far, Hasten horo with spear and boomommr, Thon to snowy Woologoomerang, For whito fellow comes to maka war. The trio, " A heavy purso I proffer theo," was a pleasant change. MIBB Watson, Mr, Donaldson, and Mr. Angus, have seldom been heard to such advantage as in this little gem. Mr. Donaldson gave the tenor solo, " I stand upon the listening shore," in his best ?.tv,le.« .?nd waa deservedly applauded. An, "Exhibition March," by Mr. J. Summers, M.B., was then given by the band. The overture to " Robert lo Diable" had been jounced in the bills, but Mendelssohn's Midsummer Night's Dream" was happily substituted for it ; and considering that this celebrated overture tasks the powers of the best orchestras in Europe, the effect was striking, and afforded a high treat to the lovers of the highest class of music. We wero strongly reminded of the evening concerts of the English festivals. The Trium- phal March and Chorus, by Signor Cutolo, was most cordially received, and deservedly so. The words were written by Dr. Neild, and will repay perusal as a poetic descr! /. tion of our adopted land. The point, energy, and_ exquiBite rhythm of this march made its impression. The overture to the opera, '* The Gentleman in Black," by Mr. S. H. Marsh, a musician of a high class long re- sident in these colonies, was next performed, and fully sustained the reputation achieved many years ai nea hy him us a composer. This was followed by " Farewell to the Forest," by Mendelssohn, which, as a specimen of unaccompanied part music, gave unmingled pleasure. The fusion of voices and the light and shade were such as we seldom hear. The " Exhibition March," by the conductor, given in the former part of the day, WBB repeated, by desire, and. with increased effect. The band evidently appreciates this composition, which, if we mistako not, will find its way to Europe be- fore long. In conclusion, it may be safely affirmed that this concert has rarely, if ever, been equalled in the colony. Added to which, it must be remembered that, with a few excep- tions, the poetry and music rehearsed were the productions of resident authors and artists. Printed and published by Huon GKOR.SK, »t TnB AHGÜB OIIIco, Collin8-Btroet, Holbourne, for WILSO* and H-CB_tt>0lt, proprietors. 