THE NEWS BY THE AVOOA. (Isom ousr correzsodient.) PAnss, October 26. TnsEn is at present a lull in political matters in Europe, for the rising in the Island of Candia, which at first created some sensation is now entirely disregarded, the more espe cially as France and England are determined to oppose the intrigues of the IKing of Greece and the Czar of Russia, who, it is now vOry evident, have since the beginning of the outbreak been sending aid to the Candiotos. The conduct of the King of the Hellenes has been the cause of great dissatisfaction at Constantinople, and the majority of the cabinet have been urging Abdul Azis to break off all diplomatic relations with Greece. Considerable agitation still prevails in the Epirus, and the government of King George still continues to wink at the departure of the Greek volunteers from L.-2Ia, notwithstanding the severe admoni tions of Mons. de Moustier, who will not hear of the oriental question being agitated just at present. There is a great desire on the part of England and France to postpone as long as possible the inevitable catastrophe of tIhe Ottoman empire; but the oriental crash must come sooner or later. There was a report current a few days ago that the young Empress of Mexico's reason had given way under the shock caused by the disappointment of so many hopes. It was at first thought that this was a canard (humbug). However later telegrams confirmed the sad intelligence that tile Empress of Mexico had given evident proofs of derangement in her mental faculties. Latest intelligence from Miramar assures us that the state of the Empress of Mexico has very much improved, and as soon as she is better she will proceed to Brussels, where a reconciliation between herself and the young King of the Belgians will take place. Approaching Events in Spain.-The go vernment of Narvaez is perplexed; it fears new risings and new peron'snlocanelotos. Wholesale shootings, garrottings, and de portations leave behind them no salutary examples, only more enemies to the present regime. Mlinisters care much more for their portfolios than for the commonwealth, and the helm of public affairs is the prize contended for by Marshals Narvaez and O'Donnell. The Queen and the court are the objects of general hatred; and the progressists are only waiting for a favorable opportunity to overthrow the dynasty of the Bourbons. Austria and Italy at Peace.-It was at Turin that King Victor Emmanuel signed the treaty of peace. It was the King's wish that from the city which gave the first im pulse to the great national work of unifica tion, thle last document which completed that solemn undertaking should be dated. All the Italian journals approve of the graceful act. Public opinion in Florence received the news of the peace with manifest signs of great satisfaction. Venice is given up to Victor Emmanuel, tile nation is almost completed, and the miltary power of the country is considerably increased, thanks to the acquisition of the Quadrilateral and the fortresses of the Lagoons. A great position amongst the civilised nations is now assured to the Italians. Italy Free from the Alps to the Adriatic. Napoleon's words have at last come true. Italyis now free from the hated white coats; and thle Venetians, who have so long been suffering in captivity, can now breathe again. The City of the Sea is tile scene of much joy at its deliverance. As all the Italian cities sent congratulations to Venice, Rome could not remain out of the general event, and accordingly communications have passed between the two cities. That from Rome is thus worded:-" The Reomans send their sincere congratulations to their brethren, the Venetians, and hail the happy day which unites them to their Italian brethren, as anticipating that which is to work the wished-for deliverance of Rome." The Bishop of Padua has issued a circular letter, in which he invites tile populations to vote in favor of the complete union of the Italian kingdom. The cure of Lorando has exhorted from the pulpit every man to vote, and promised to pav the day's wages and all the expenses of those who were too poor to lose the time in fulfilling that civic duty. The Italian journals state that, in antici pation of a marriage between the eldest son of Victor Emmanuel and the daughter of Archduke Albert, the city of Turin has ordered from Valenciennes a rich bed cover in the finest lace, to be presented to the bride. Now that the Italians have got Venice, they will have no rest until the Eternal City becomes the capital of tile new kingdom of United Italy. Everything leads us to believe that the papal line is about to expire. Our latest intelligence informs us that the legion of Antibes is looked upon with great aversion by the Pope's subjects. Things are settling down in Germany. The annexed countries are making a virtue of necessity, and King George V of Hanover has released the civil functionaries from their oath of fidelity, and allowed them to serve their new master, William of Hohenzollern, under the reservation that on the day when he should once more enter on the exercise of his right, the permission should be by that fact withdrawn, and the former oath be again obligatory. Theose unfortunate functionaries are therefore in the most singular position, we may say the most cruel, for men of honour. As to the officers of the Hanoverian army, it appears that King George refuses to relieve them from their oath of fidelity. The Prince Elector of Hesse has just put pride in his pocket, and hlas accepted the terms offered him by the King of Prussia. He will retire to Hanau, where he will take up his residence for the future. Although he arrived in Ilanau during the night and unannounced, an immense crowd assembled at the railway station, and the cheers he re ceived on malking hIis appearance were perhaps more hearty and siucero than any that ever before wore granted to him. The assistants could not help feeling an invol untary pity, for thely saw in him one whom destiny had stricken down. Obstinacy of the Frankforters.-Tlho in habitants of the late free town of Frankfort on-the-Maine, which has now become a Prussian town, still show much aversion for the Prussians; and no coaxing can make them forget that they have lost their freedom. The inhabitants of the city of thee lothschilds are now enacting the part of the Venotiane before the cession of Venetia by the Austrians to Italy. The rumours which have of lato been prevalent relative to the project of the amalgamation of the Greek OChurch of the Enst with the Latin one, receives increased importance from news just arrived from Constantinople on the situation of afhiirs in the Ottoman empire. The conciliatory nets by which the Turkish government, on the advice of England and France, has met the agitation of the Christian provinces of the empire, is said to have exalted tothe higlhest degree the religious and patriotic passions of the Ottomans. They are said to be the first at present to pioclaim the incompatibility of lifo of the two races on thes same land with a common government, and the Sultan, as well as his principal ministers, is said to be not far fromn sharing those sentimenst. The Emperor of the French, tmhe Empress, and the Prince Imperial, left Biarritz on Sunday morning amidst the warm acclama tions of an immense crowd. Their M[ajesties arrived at St. Cloud the same evening, and intend to remain there a fortnight and then proceed to Compiegne. The rumour that the government had the intention of sup pressing the discussion on tihe ndidress, will certainly be contradicted. There is no doubt but that the French government would lose more than it would gain by preventing a fuill expression of opinion on the subjects touched on in the speech from the throne. The late Mlons. Thouvenel.-Anothler of the statesmen who have played a conspicuous part in European history in tlhe present eventful epoch, has passed away from the scene. Thie above named gentleman has died at a comnparatively early ago, and at tile time when tile policy, whlich the last days of hIis life were devoted to car rying out, was beginning to bear fruit. It was in November, 1818, that' Mr. Thouvenel was horn, and at the age of twenty-one Ie commenced hIis diplomatical career in the foreign department of France. lie had previously travelled in tihe East where he had acquired considerable know ledge of thle diplomatic interests and relations of tile countries he visited. At twenty-six years of age he was appointed attachle to tihe French embassy in Belgium, and in thle next year, 1845, hle was promoted to be secretary of the legation of Athens. WVhen the revolu tion of 1848 broke out and thle republic was inaugurated, M. Thouvenel was continued at his post in the Greek capital as clhargd d'a?f;fies. After hIaving represented France at several European courts during several years, he filled in 1859 the office of foreign minister, a post which he held until 1864, whlen lIe retired. France and Italy will long hold the name of M. Thouvenel in gratoful remembrance. Our principal rivers- the Seine, the Loire, the Garonne, and the Saone--have this year overflowed tlheir banks. The lRhone, how over, contrary to custom, has caused no anxiety to those inhabitants living on its banks. In Paris, notwithstanding the height to which the Seine has risen, we cannot figure to ouselves the misery which has been occasioned in various parts of France by thei late inundations. An immense subsdription has been set on foot in the whole empire, headed by tile Emperor, the Empress, and the Prince Imperial togethler with the sum of 135,000 francs. The good people of Paris were for many days attracted to the banks of the Seine to see the swelling of the waters. The Coafd Oharitant under thePont Nouf, was entirely submerged. WVe are assured that General Castelnau, now in Mexico, is about to negotiate for the suppression of article 2 of the convention concluded between France and Mexico, stipulating that the withldrawal of our troops is to take place by degrees. It is the wish of our government not to expose isolated weak corps to the overpowering republican. troops. The news we receive from Mexico more and more prove the necessity of leaving that country as soon as possible. The arrival of General de Castelnau in Mexico will he the signal for the Emperor Maxi milian to declare his intentions as regards the Mexican empire. Mlexican bohd-holders in France are very impatient to know what is to be their fate. French papers state that the young prince Iturbede, heir presumptive to thle Mexican throne, at present studying at the school of St. Barbe, in Paris, has just received a letter from the Empress of Mexico, in which she tells him that she has got over the temporary nervous illness with which she was a short time afflicted. The French Bishops and the Press.-The Bishop of Orleans has just issued a pastoral in which he says that the wickedness of the times has been tlhe cause of the inundations. The Bishop of Poitiers follows in the way of Mgr. Dupanloup, calling for subscriptions in aid of the sufferers from the inundationis in the central departments of France. The pastoral of the Bishop of Poitiers, like that of the Bishop of Orleans, is'chliefly directed against those impious and insensate renl ists who blaspheme against the Divine Providence and proclaim that tile human race has nothing to look for except from its own exertions, at the very time when all the calculations of science have been overthrown and every effort of human labour overcome by a superior force. A Falling Star. - Theoresa, of whom we spoke to you much during last win ter, and who is the star of tile Cafg Chautant in the Rue du Faubourg Paisson nidro, will for a time be obliged to cease hier warbling and retire to the south of France, in order to breathe the mild atmosphere at Cannes, on the Mediterranean. This will be a great loss for many of the pleasure seeking public of Paris accustomed to repair to the Aleazar. Winter Fashlions.-Our ladies' fashions have now attained the height of the gro tesque, and it is difficult to distinguishl a private lady from a ballet- dancer. The Parisionnes, one and all, look as if. they belonged to the theatres. A lamp mat stuokl on tile top of a nest of hair takes thle place of thie bonnet, now never to be seen; short petticoats and Hessian boots. You would fancy that every lady you met was about to go through the C'racovienno or some other Polishipas. Jeot beads and bugles are worn to profusion on the bonnet, on the jacket, slirt, and often on the boots with gilt heels. Falso heir is in great demand, and chignons or waterfalls getting longer every daParis Theatres.-Dullness and stagnation in general. Thie Bouffes Porisions, under the management of Mad. Ugaldo, opened its doors about a week ago. It is pleasant to find this nice little boolnniereo opened again. It carries us back to those days when Bathe, (the irresistibly droll John Styx, used to glide about us like a ghost with a balai slo pluoies. Alas! Ihow many of those who used to maklte s slaugh have consigned their remains to the 'matrimoniall couch or have fillon into yet more fital obeosity! The beautiful 1ardeclhal, where lhasn sho fled? Sho came and wont like a rainsbow, and too many of her comrades have followed in her wake. They had good lulck who hlapponed to sojourn in this city during thle palmy dnys of 1849. In addition to the excitoment of being fired at once or twice every morning, they had the gratification of seeing such fun at the theatres in the evening as was never seen before, and we shall never look upon its like again. Who can forget the soreaom ing extravaganza of La Propridito Surloval, and also Daphlnis ot Cllod, with Crio as Daplnis and Octave as Chloo. The former part is noiv being poiformed at the Bouffeos Parisiens by the fai~r lesseeoo herself. pACTS AND SoRAPS. We possess in France celebrities of oevery. kind. Thus, for the space of three months, the exploits of a certain person were every wheore talked of. Thisperson' was Maurice Roux, who accused his master of attempting to assassinate him. Since the peribd of the trial nothing was heard of him; but we have now just received the news that Maurico Roux has lately died in a hospital in one of the towns in the south of France. A statistician has calculated the number of lince which an' orator can furnish per minute to the shorthanrid writers. M. Thiers delivers twenty-two lines per minute; Rouher, twenty; ~Jules Favro, fifteen. The late 17f. Dupin was, however,. the speaker who most taxed the efforts of tihe steno graphers; h]is volubility of spench was so great that he uttered more than eighty-four lines per minute. It is well known that when the tomb of tihe great statesman Richelieu was profianed during tlhe great revolution of 1792 hIis head was carried off by one of the assistants, and, after having been in tlhe possession of several persons, at last came into that of a gentleman living in Brotagne--Ml. Virnoez. This gentleman Ieas lately sent the precious relic as a present to his Majesty the Em peror, expressing at tlhe same time a wish that it should be placed in the museum at the Sorbonno. The history of the preservation of the head of Richleliou is a curious one. At the time of the breaking open of the tomb the body of the great minister was cut to pieces, and Isis hIead rolled to the feet of one of the' assistants (a mercer by trade), who hid it under his cloak and carried it home. Some time after, fearing the head might be discovered in his house,, and wishling to hide it more, securely, the mercer had the singular idea to saw the head in two, so as to preserve tlhe 'fite. It is this part whlich now lone exists. Tihe face is mahogany coloured, the nose slightly flattened at the extremity, the mouth hIalf open reveals the teeoothlwhich aro regular and very white. The moustacho and pointed beard, though a little destroyed by time, still preserve the form as they are.represented in the portrait: of Iicholieu by Philippe do. ObChampaigne. A few evenings ago a thleatrical reprosen tation was announced at Cinsiedlen, (Caston of Schwytz).: The places were takeno, the house well filled, and the spectators were prepared for an evening's pleasant amuse mont;' the curtain rose, but only for a sad announcement-the director had disappeared withl the receipts. ' A Belginn, M. Huremans, says the Muoni tour 'du Lbire, has produced a waist-belt for soldiers Wihlich seems as if it would be of great utility if worn generally in' the army. After an engagement or a battle the position of the wounded should be considered, Iwho, for want of proper attention or dressing to their wounds, often lie without assistance exposed to the heateor cold in a state likely to produce gangrene. This belt buckles on like an ordinary one; it is about four feet long, and thirteen inches wide. It is foldled outside so as.to receive a bandage of the same length a' the belt. Near the buckle are two pockets made of indiarubber, en closing a second bandage, lint-plaister, pins, &c.; The soldier wears it over his trousers, and. the whole weighs only about three ounces. .This belt of infinitesimal weight, and which..costs only one franc, can, in nowise hinder the movements of the soldier,' but berather a support to him. The following official report shows the number of animals imported into England during the first seven months of 1866. They consist of 11,705 oxen, 564 cows, '1590 calves, 31,141 sheep, 457 lambs, and 9363 pigs. 