j Fkek trade is defunct. Better by far had tho importers accepted quietly the tariff they have for the moment succeeded in shelving. Their successful opposition, like their suc cessful verdicts, ia a dear experiment. At infinite cost to themselves, they have- creatod a feeding of antagonism which vriU not speedily subside. At first, tlie tariS* was purely a financial matter ; now, tho further discussiwn ot tho subject has become em bittered1 .fey personal enmities. Had the im porters aoid their friends not bsen bliittled by self-iivSerest, they would havo shrunk from ar* encounter in which they must eventually, from the very natisre of the case-. be beaten. In their supercilious way, they sit the Supreme Court against the Legislature. They prov&ked; an antagonism flattering to- their vanity, but very dangerous to the liberties of the country. There aro. under tho British Constitution, and under all Constitutions- derived from it, rights which exist only whilst they slumber — fictions, which may be referred to, but not acted upon — card houses, which look very well at a distance, but which tumble- about the ears of those who scekshelter within them. To make the Judges participate in the political action against the Government was a paltry trick. It was thought that the old sore still rankled, and that their Honors might be got to es pouse tho causofof the importers, out of re venge for supposed personal afFronts. Gross and scandalous as is the iia-putation on the integrity of tha- Judges, tho belief was a comforting assurance to the minds spitefully disposed. Between tho Legislature and the Judiciary conflicts will perpetually arise. They have arisen in England, arid will here.. Seldom, if ever, can a satisfactory solution bo arrived at. Each sets up and maintains its pretensions. Tho difficulty is Jma'ly escaped from rather than overcome, either by a rotreat 011 both sides or by the original cause of dispute dis appearing. Tho- course taken by their Honors, on more- than one occasion, assured; the soft goods men that they had partisans 011 the bench. Tho judgment of tho Supreme Court was trumpeted forth almost before it was got, and certainly without any com* prehension of its exact value iu reference to tho issue. It wa3 not until the adveuse decision in Stevenso.v v. Tylkr that the confidence of the soft goods men in the Judges was shaken. It was only then that the dull headed litigants began to understand the grounds on which tho Judges had go»e. Whilst they were merely fulminating agaiast the rights and privileges of tho Legislative Assembly, aad snubbing and curbing the Government, the Judges wore quito willing to go to great lengths. They were asserting their own personal and official pre-eminence, and endeavoring to establish the supremacy of the Judiciary over the Legislature. Up to that point, there was a conflict as to rights between two ruling estates, oach of which claimod powers incompatible, or deemed to bo so, with the iudependenco of tho other. And all tho while thero was a knowledge pressing both parties that there was no real grievance to be redressed. Tho Judges knew that if tho tariff passed, the bill, as is customary, would be retro active, and that, if it wero not, the duties would be returned as a matter of course. Consequently, they could have their fling without hurting anybody. And, to do them justice, they made the most of tho oppor tunity within those limits. But, after six mouths of litigation, what havo the soft goods men obtained by tho aid of the Supreme Court ? Having allowed themselves to bo befooled by attorneys, what have they gained 1 They have had enormous bills of costs to pay, and now havo before them the alternative of setting aside their own proceed ings, paying theco3ts, and of applying to the Government for a return of the duties as an act of grac«, or of carrying on further litiga tion, expensive, protracted and doubtful. Wo ask these impetuous, and not remarkably clear-headed, geutlemOT what they* have ac corapJished bj' tlic-ir appeal to the Judges against the action of the Legislature? A3 far as can bo ascertained at this moment, they have merely succeeded in locking up, pending a final decision on a constitutional question in which they have littl9 or 110 interest, large sums of money, which every one admits they aro legally entitled to. To return to tho purely pnlitical aspect of j the case. W hat have the freo trade party gained in that direction ? They have cs tablished beyond all dispute the fact that the colony, throughout its length and breadth, is unanimous in favor of protection. Even the nominees of tho Freo Trado League have been compelled to bow before the universal opinion. They declaro themselves ready to give even more protec tion than tho Ministry. There is no i« cidenktlism about tlieir method of encourag ing native industry. They would impose taxes specific and prohibitory; they would set themselves tho t.sk of distinguishing to a nicety what productions aro suitable to the country, and what particular trades deserve encouragement Is this not a capitulation without the honors of war ? Far better if the freo traders had honestly and manfullv nail d their colors to the mast, and stoutly battled, even with defeat certain, for the principles they believe to bo sound. Having injured the colony abroad by gross perver t-ions of tho truth ; having raised au un seemly strife between the Cabinet and the Judges ; having embarked in a cowardly personal attack upon hor Majesty's represen tative ; having embarrassed useful legislation, and caused infinite political turmoil — we ask these gt ntleineu what they have gained ? Let them look at the result of the elections and answer. Wl-at liavo they accomplished by the dis3olution they wcio a few montlis ago so eager for 1 The most enthusiastic Ministerialist would not, a month ago, have ventured to predict a triumph so complete. Before the dissolution, tho Opposition could muster twenty-three on a division ; its strength in tho new House will be woftilly diminished. But this is not all. Previously, the tariff was but a secondary item in the Government programme. It was thrown in at the last general election in an indistinct sort of way, without any clear understanding as to tho amount of protection it was to afford. It was objected to because ifc was 'the thin end of the wedge.' Free traders themselves having abandoned free trade, nnd having declared from tho platform that tbey will concede protection if tho country wishes it, tho party has fairly given up the ghost. In parliamentary parlance, the principle is conceded, and it only remains to settle tho details in committee. But the most significant feature of the contest is tho utter eradication ot tho once [ dominant O'Shanabsy party. In the last House it was weak, in the next it will be still weaker. As a power in tho State it is gono for ever. A second tiiao defeated, Mr Wood sighs over blighted aspirations, and learns too-late that the insolence which springs from prematura success ia selfde structive. Mr Ireland is relegated back to tho easo and affluence which his former achievements havo gained for him ; and the Legislature is Felieved from tho prese-nco of tho intolerable Nathaniel Lir-o, whom oven the Argus denounced as a nuisance. Virtually, the conflict is over. 1 1 the Liberal party were as insolent and disrega/nlful of ' law and order' as the defeated facbieii, there might be reason to fear the consequcaces of its triumph. But it will use its victory with a duo regard to Mie interests of tho- country, and in that respect will stand oni in bold relief fom those who have, for personal ends, created a crisis which, wo are glad to say, has ended iao3t disastrously to themselves. The freo trado organ lui3 advancod a eliaracteristic, although' not very novel arjs ment, in favor of pernaitting tho colonial market to bo glutted with foreign importa tions. From the experience wo have had of ovsrstocked markets during the past decad e or so, wo might havo imagined that '? gluts' we-re anything but desirable ; yet, according too our contemporary, tho- public havo a posi- bive interest in this species of commercial phenomena, and tho markets are never in co pleasant a condition as- when they are pro perly swamped. Ib is contended that', although a glut iiii any particular, iu-ticle may reduce- its price belov* its ordinary value, and thereby ruin tha local producers, this io- of no account what ever, because tho public can procure the articlo at a cheaper rate ; and- thus, tho loss of tho fovv is a gain to tho oat ire community. As .'an illustration of this, our contemporary sup ' po3es the case of a lunatic^ who might imperii fa cargo of sovereigns, and circulate them at , fifteou shillings a pioao-; aud triumphant!# I asks, would anybody object to such a bar gain, on tho groundi that the proceeding, had a tendency to depreciate tho curreni coin of tho realm ? An illustration more f felicitous could scarcely be selected, in order to recommend the logic of lunacy ; and if we could only soctiro a continuous im portation of cheap sovereigns as well as of shoddy inaniif.ictun-ea, there would certainly be less to say iu favor of native productions. Even if we were selfish enough to regard with equanimity the naLn &F; a local industry, in. the hope of benefiting tho public at large, is. it sound policy to do this when we recolleci that the general public is an aggregate of pro ducers as well as consumers 1 The fallacy lies in representing it as a question between particular industries and tho general community, whereas it is a questi n be tween a community made up of local industries, and a system which keep.s us at the mercy of tho importers, whoso monopoly of tho markets enables them to control not only tho quality but tho prico of every article wo consume. Should this monopoly bo permitted to continue, because such won ? derful advantages aro said to be derivable from an occasional glut ; or ought native pro ducers to be encouraged, so as to extend tho area of tho market 1 Protectionists claim nothing but fair play for the native producer ; and, apart from the fact that nativo producers form the bulk of every civilised community, it is manifestly the public interest to have the field of pro duction as extensive as possible. Motives of insane philanthropy, like those of our con temporary's lunatic, are not likely to animate tho soft-goods men in producing a glut. Over-importation is frequently resorted to for tho specific purpose of swamping native manufacturos, tho monopolists accepting a temporary loss for tho subsequent privilege of charging whatever they please. What ia th? effect pf &!) glut in. case ? A pas ticular section of the community i3 ru'tned altogether ; and, although the general public may enjoy a brief interval of low I prices, they are afterwards obliged to accept infer'or goods at exorbitant rates, from which there is no appeal. It is noticeable that this, like almost every ether argument of the freo trado oracles, is an appeal to the selfishness of tho people, as if economic considerations alono should determine tho present controversy. They appear to be utterly incapable of com prehending any but pecuniary motives. What is the worth of anything Bat so much money 03 'twill bring ? And this is tho real ground of difference, not only between them and the advocates of 'pro- tection to iiative industry, but between them and tho most illustrious exponents of free trade. It is they who bring the principles of political economy into disrepute by insisting upon their acceptance as the solo inexorable code which ought to regulate human pro gross, instead of pernf tting them to take their proper place iu the scheme of civilisa tion. 'This is what Macaulay so aptly de signated ' free trade run mad.' Speakin' on tho subject of the Corn Laws, in Edin burgh, in i.S-15, Macaulay thus reftrred to tho preposterous assumptions sot up by tho extremo school of freo traders : — ' lb ' is not a singlo causo that makes nations ' either prosperous or miserable. No friend ' of free trade is such an idiot as to say that ' free trade is the only valuable thing in tho ' world — that religion, government, polico, ' education, tlio administration of justice, ' public expenditure, foreign relations, havo 'nothing whatever to do with tho ' well-being of nations.' In tho samo mminer, l'rofessor Fawcett points out that, although tho system 0f compulsory edu cation introduced by the Factory Act might, entail a pecuniary loss upon the country, ifc would be abundantly compensated by the increased intelligence of the people. But, according to the theories of the so-called Iree traders m tins country, every tiling should be regarded from the merely utilitarian point of view, and moral or intellectual results be left to accident. Even upon purely economical grounds,' tlio advocates of protection can well afford to meet their antagonists; but we havo re peatedly indicated that such considerations are with them of only secondary importance, New industries, abundant, varied, and lucrative employment, are not only desirablo in order to increase the means of the popula tion, but in order to develop© tlio intellect and moral sense of the country, and to lead tho way into a higher rangtt of civilisation, Ws aro far from being iiv:)if ferent to the material advantages of industrial development ; without native manufacturis , we can never hope to establish per manent and prosperous relations with other countries. But civilised men do» not- live for material enjoyment audi: prosperity alone. A community which has only one or two sources of industry is in n. state of moral, social and intellectual stagna tion, a-3 well as indigence. According to the Timet, tho great difference between Irelaud and England is that Ireland has only ona staple, industry,, whilo J&igland; has hun dreds. And this is also the difference! between Victoria, as she is at present, and whoi she ought to be if an oppor tunity were afforded for the development of her own natural resources,- and of tho genius and enterprise of the people. With s^r pre sent limited range of industrial occupations, mining, agriculture, squatting and ' the ' handicrafts,' as they are so elegantly termed, thero are certainly fewer opportu nities for exertion than aro- required by ail intelligent and energetic community ; assi tha effect of this may be more perceptible irp tha next than the present generation. St i« impossible to- over-estimate Hie-innuentra ot varied, regular, and lucrativo- occupation int educating and- civilising tha- masses. Uliejr learn to regard'' their industrial ? pursuits- not merely as tho means of procuring the Holes saries of life, but as among tile most pleasant, because the most rational, of* enjoyments- of life itself ; audi the perseverance in honest hard work invigorates tho mind as welly iia the body, satisfying the haalthy desires of human nature,, and suppressing tho grosser appetites which'Spririg up through idleness, poverty and dissipation. Gan wo expect to advance a step beyond our prcaonb -.condition under a system which limits nativo industry and enterprise to- a few ordinaiy employments, secures tho homo market; to foreign manufacturers, and defends this monopoly upon, economic grounds, as if pro gress wero a more question, of pounds, ' shil lings and penso ? Unjust as these selfish .and grovelling, theories tire- to the working classes, whose material intsj'ests they delibe rately ignore, tkeyaro still more indefensiblei ;when we consider thoir sinister effect upon the moral ami intellectual condition of -the people, and thoir incompatibility witls tha industrial or political development of' tha country. 