' TIE BLACK MAN : A LEGEND OF B'AYSWATER. CHAPTER I. My husband and I were married at the cathe dral in Calcutta, in the month of May. Not long after his health became delicate, and he was com pelled to apply for leave of absence, so that the following February found us iu our native coun try. George laughingly said that ho was much obliged to his liver for giving him the opportu nity of exhibiting his newly-wedded wife before his friends and relatives iu the pride id her youth. But 1 did not sit down to write about myself, nor indeed about George either, although, if I once begin to speak about him, I can't leave off, he . is such a dear good fellow. My sisters had the impudence to call him plain, but they don't understand the expression that lights up his face when lie is uuimated. But enough of this. I took up my pen to tell you a Story — a rather curious affair that happened when I was staying iu London. We were on a visit to my maternal uncle, Sir Peter Peckover, the great railway di rector, who lives at No. 9, Turtle Gardens, Gor- moudy-square — that is to say, I was ou a visit there, fur George very soou got tired of the long, wearisome dinuer-parties, aud indeed I am sure they were very bad for his darling stomach ; so he went twenty miles into the country to see an old schoolfellow, a clergyman, who has some ex cellent fishing, and left poor me all alone with his grand relations. I did not like it much, for Sir Peter is very stiff and pompous ; Lady Peckover ever so kind, but very fond of keeping everybody in order, and as for Julia, with whom George was so anxious. that I should cultivate an in timacy — well, we have not an idea in common, except on the Bubject of Venetian poiiit-lace, which we both adore. One reason why I don't like Julia is that she has such a dreadfully bad opinion of her fellow- creatures. She tliiuks de ception is the rule, and sincerity the exception, and refuses to believe anything except on what she calls the evidence of her senses. This, how ever, does not prevent her believing in spirit- rapping. I will give you an instance of her in credulity ; it appears trifling, but it leads natu rally up to the story I wish to tell. One day Julia and I had been to the London Crystul Palace to buy some useless little ornament or other, and were returning on foot. Just as we entered Gormandy-square, I cried out,' " 0 Julia, there's a native of India sweeping a crossing. Poor man ! I should so like to Speak Hindustani to him, aind give hiin sixpence. How cold he must be, this bitiiig March day !" " My dear child," returned Julia, with an air of superior wisdom, " you were brought up in the country, were you not, before you went out to India ?" " Entirely," I answered. " Well, then, take the benefit of my metropoli tan experience, and don't waste your sixpence on so unworthy object. If your sixpence is burn ing in your pocket, give it to mamma for her " Laundresses' Mutual Benefit Club." " But It would be such fun talking Hindustani to a native in London," I pleaded. " You would only be encouraging laziness and vice," said Julia severely. " This man, if really a native of India, must be a Lascar, and ought to have returned home with his ship. But I don't believe ho is an Indian at all. He is pro bably an Irishman." "Irishman! my dear Julia ; look at his dress and his complexion." " The effects of walnut-juice," replied Miss Peckover sternly. " If you were to coine behind mm unawares and run a pin iutd him" (Julia said ' this with quite a relish, as if she would really like to do it), " the bad language which be would infal libly make use of would be in the Irish dialect." Julia had dragged we along while we were talk ing, so that by the time she had spoken this last sentence, we had reached home. Two gentlemen called that afternoon — one was Mr. Fishplate Gage, who is said to be a very clever person, biit I don't care the least about him, for lie talks of nothing but railway matters; the other, Mr. Arthur Long Bowman, a barrister in the Temple, who never gets any briefs, but lives partly on his ( father, and partly on his contributions to the magazines. He is very amusing, and we had a most agreeable conversation together while Juliu aud Mr.. Gage were solemnly discussing the pro spects of the bill which the Great Extension Railway had brought before Parliament for a line between Pedliugtoh Pa'rva and Stoke Pogis. , Apropos of the number of foreign nation alities settled in London, Mr. Bowman," I said, " d.yu believe there are any Hindu crossing- sweepers? My cousin Julitt declares they are all Irishmen." " Miss Peckover must be extra-sceptical, then, even in this sceptical age," replied Mr. Bowman. " Why, tliere is an Unmistakable Hindu who sweeps a crossing within two hundred yards of this house." " The very man whom I noticed as my cousin and I Were coming home 1 In Gormandy-square, is lie not ?" " Yes. Now, I diu not skilled in oriental lan guages, but I have not the least doubt he is a genuine native. Besides, I have studied the crossing- sweeper, as an interesting variety of the human species, in all his phases. I have watched 'him slink homewards with bis broom under his arm ; I have seen him, having deposited that valuable tool in his bumble garret, re-emerge in a pea-jacket, with an independent b'earing, for the purpose of purchasing the tripe, or the sleep's head, or the saveloy, which forms his savory ev'ening meal. As for the Hindu iu London, my dear Mrs. Miles, he is a wonderful creature — wonderful for the tenacity with which he clings to the customs of his fatherland. I could take you, if it were a fit place for a lady to Visit, to an oriental colony in the far east of London, where, but for the difference of buildings and climate, you might fancy yourself in Calcutta. No. 11 in that street (I like to be exact), to outward ap pearance an ordinary house, is in reality a heathen temple, chock-full of idols, where, re gardless of the clergymen of the parish, the ex patriated Hindu does solemn pbojdii; while in the back yard, aided by the poles and lines of a conniving washerwoman, the dread ceremonies of the churritck are inaugurated. You know what I mean ?" " Of course : swinging with hooks fastened in their flesh." - \- . " Y'recisely. Nay, I have heard,, but will not vouch for the (act," continued Mr. Bowman gravely, that on one occasion, a worn-out Black- wall omnibus was purchasedt- at Aldridge's Repository by a number of Hindus. Can you gusss their object, Mrs. Miles ?" " I can," I answefvd with a shudder ; " for a Juggernaut-car." -'"Just so," said Mr. Bowman. "The massive figure-head of a condemned East Indiaman served . for the god ; while the omnibus, crammed with yelling devotees, was driven up and down the -confined space of the back yard. To depict such a scene, with its combined elements of grotes- ijitorie and liorror, would require the pencil of a Fusili." Compared With this exciting converaatibn, how tame and prosaic sounded our neighbours' dialogue I " The only real opposition prooeeds from Jack son," I heard Mr. Gage say. " Everybody else has been bought off. We've offered him a station close to bis park gates, if he likes, but he won't listen to it." I " His ideas must be very old-fashioned," ob served Julia quietly. I forgot to say that Mr. Gage and J ulia were lovers, aiid that this was their way of courting. When I think of. my dear George, and remember his romantic sentiments, bis cbivalric enthusiasm, so accordant with ray own feelings, I cannot be too thankful that — but I will say no more on that subject. For a wonder, there was uo dinner-party that uigbt, and we passed a very pleasuut and quiet evening ; that is to say, Sir Peter dozed comfortably in au armchair by the fire, with an unti-macassar over his head ; Lady Peckover ex amined a formidable pile of red covered trades men's books; Julia practised choice tnorceaux from Mirella on the pianaforte ; and I composed a delightfully long letter (four sides of close writing and crossed) for dear George, in exchange for bis shabby littleepistle of ten lines, which was all occu pied with the description of a gigantic pike which he had captured. About eleven o'clock, we ail went up stairs ; hut I sat up to twelve brushing my hair, and reading over a! choice packet of George's love- letters — models of manly devotion and— but I for bear. My fire had begun to burn low, as a hint that I had better go to bed ; and I had just foldod up the lust ol these beloved letters, when suddenly I recollected that I hud left my work-box down stairs. I did not like to leave it there till the morning, for it contained a bracelet which was George's first preseut, and I could not have slept quietly if it had not been in my own keeping. It was very provoking, for at the Pe'ckovers' house there is uothing hut gus burned ; gas in the kitchen, in the sitting-rooms, und iu the bedrooms. If there had been a wax taper in the room I should have lighted it, of course ; and if tliere bad been a box of lucifers I should have taken them ivith me ; but there was no taper, and not a single match in the ornamental box placed on my dressing-table. I did not care <to carry d lighted alliuhetie in my hand, for fear of setting fire to Sir Peter's beauti ful carpets, so I determined to go down iu the dark. I remembered exactly where I had left the workbox ; it was on the 'left-hand corner of the L'uuis-Quatoize table in the breakfast parlour. I fell that I could lay my hand on it at once. My heart beat a little quicker than usual as I descend ed the stairs, everything seemed so preternaturally quiet; but I reached the breakfast- parlour in safety, felt about for the Luuis-Quartorze table, discovered it, and found iny workbox. I was just about to quit the room, wbeu I heard a slight noise outside, which startled me terribly ; it was as if somebody had dropped two or three spoons and forks. I felt half inclined to faint, and open- , ed the door as noiselessly as possible. My atten tion was immediately attracted by a light which streamed out from uuder a closed door in the pas sage. " Perhaps, after all," I said 'to myself, " have alarmed myself needlessly. I remetnbei now that it is the pantry-door ; and no doubl Mr. Jeiikes, the butler, has sat up late to-nighl gossipping, aud is now counting his plate." Tht thought had scarcely passed through my mind, when the door opened slowly, aud a figure appear ed, bearing iu one baud a kitchen- candlestick, in the other a plate-basket full of silver. Was it the figure of any person belonging to the house? II it nau ueen, my Knees would not have trembled uudtr me, nor should. I- liuvo sunk down npon tire 1 floor iu a semi-conscious swoon. At length, by a strong mental effort, I recovered sufficient strength to raise myself up ; and nervously clutching my < work-box, I made my way slowly up stairs. As i soon as I entered my room, I locked and bolted ' the door, and then sat down in a chair to reflect. Tire fire bad gone out, but the gas, which I bad turned up to its highest poiut, made the room look bright and cheerful. I looked at the clock — it I was past one. I must havb lain for upwards of i an hour in the half-faiuting state. It was too late" now to alarm the house. The mischief was ' done ; and the perpetrator of the deed had doubt less long siuce departed with hie spoil. Besides, to tell the truth, I did hot dare venture out into those long dark passages again ; so I crept into bed. CHAPTER II. " This is a most extraordinary story, my dear Isabella," said Lady Peckover to nie, as she slowly and majestically descended the stairs on tire fol lowing morning. " Neither Sir Peter nor I heard anything, and I am the very lightest of sleepers. Nor did Buuce (this was the lady's maid) report anything wrong when she came in with the hot water. However, here Is Jeakes ; we will ques tion him." Mr. Jeakes was a portly person, with a bald head, a reddish nose, and a most formal style of address; in fact, the very beau- ideal of a butler. " 'Jeakes," said Lady Peckover, " were the doors all properly fastened this morning ? " " I've heard no complaint to the contrary, my " None of the plate missing ?" " Dear me ; no, my lady," answered Mr. Jeakes with almost an injured air. " I count it overnight, and again every morning regular at eight o'clock." "Th'ere, Isabella 1" says Lady Peckover, turn ing to toe ; " yoq see, iny dear, you must have been mistaken. It was most likely an attack of nightmare." " I assure you," I began. But Lady Peckover gaVe me a meaning glance, as touch as to say : " Speak no more about it in the presence of the servants." When breakfast whs over, knd Sir Peter had gone to the city, and the servants had left the room, Julia said : " Mother, what is this mystery between you and Isabella? I beard yon talking about it as I was coming down stairs." " Merely, my dear, that your cousin dreamed she saw a thief last night steuling the plate." " Dreamed 1 auut?" I ekclaimed. " The $roof that it Was only a dream, my dear Isabella," answered Lady Peckover, " is, that the plate is in perfect order. As soou as I had liearil your account, I felt it would e satisfactory to Jeakes that he should count over the Spoons and forks in my presence. He did so, and none were missing." " But what was your dream, Isabella ?" asked Julia. " It was no dream at all," i said, quite pet tishly, " but a real occurrence. I went down stairs about twelve o'clock to fetch my work-box, and saw a man come out of tbe pantry with a plate basket in bis hand " " The curious thiug, Julia," interrupted Lady- Peckover, " is that Isabella persists in saying be was a black man1 with a turban on his bead." " I can ekplain it all," exclaimed Julia/triumph- : ' antly. " He Was like the drossin'g-svveeper in Gormandy-square, wasn't he ?" " Yes, very like," I replied. " An excellent illustration of the theory of dreams P' dried Julia. " Yen1 were talking to' me about tfie crossing-sweeper, yesterday, and 1 heard that silly Mr. BoWtoan telling youf a" nnmttor, of apocryphal anecdoteb on' the same' subject. You possess d vivid imagination my dear Isabella— I envy you the gift — and the result! is that your ' waking thoughts form the subject of your dreams." " Really, cousin, you are very provoking," I said vehemently. " I suppose you won't believe , that I came down stairs at all lust night." " Of course I don't," she answered. " I believe your dream visited you when you were snugly in bed. At these words I rang the bell. " Why are you ringing, my dear ?" asked Lady Peckover. " Because I want Mrs. Bunce's evidence to sup port mine." " I am particularly anxious not to make a fuss about this," said Lady Peckover. " Wo sliafl end in making all the women servants so nervous that they will bo giving me warning." " But, my dear aunt," I replied, " I want to clear my character. I cannot bear to be looked upon as a silly school-girl, magnifying a mere dream into a real occurrence. Now, Julia, you don't believe that I ever weut down stairs at all last night — I say I did ; and as a proof of it I could only find one of my slippers wheu I got up this morning. I then retoembered that when I swooned one of them came off, and as I was in too great a fright on coming to my senses to look for it, I hobbled upstairs without it. Ob ! here is Mr. Buoce." " ' " Bunce," said Lady Peckover, " where did you find one of Mrs. Miles's bedroom slippers this morning?" " The housemaid found it, my lady, the first thing this morning in the breakfast-p rlour ?" " Now, Julia," I exclaimed, " will you believe that I went down stairs ?" " I begin to think there is more in this than a mere dream," said my cousin thoughtfully. " I am doubting whether it may not be u case of spiritual manifestation." " Fiddlestick !" cried Lady Peckover. " Isabella," pursued my cousin, " possesses just that susceptible sort of organisation to which the spirits love to render themselves visible." " Nonsense, Julia," said Lady Peckover, sternly. You are frightening Bunce ; she is growing quite pale. What's tbe matter Bunce ?" " Nothing, my lady," answered Mrs. Buuce, submissively; only I hope Mrs. Miles baveu't seen the ghost." "The ghost 1" exclaimed my aunt angrily. " What nonsense is this, Bunce ?" " The ghost of the Black Man, my lady," said Bunce, rather unwillingly. The lady's-maid's words took us all aback. , Nobody had disclosed to any of the servants the ; nature of the appearance which I had seen, yet i Mrs. Buuce had at once guessed it correctly. Even i Lady Peckover looked rather uneasy, while Julia seemed pleased, as if she expected some confirm- ation of her spiritual theories, i " What is this story, Bunce ?" she asked. " Well Miss, I've never seen anything my- self, and Mr. Jeake3 and John Thomas, the foot- \- man, told us women-servants to say uothing about ; it, for fear of frightening the family ; but as Mrs. Miles has seen Something, I don't mind men- > trailing what Mr. Jeakes told me. He says : , ' Mrs. Bunce, ' he says. I should advise you as a friend, being a lady of delicate nerves, not to go ' down to. the basement room, nor, indeed, on the i ground -floor, aftor the family's a bed.' ' Wiiy < not, Mr. Jeakes ?' I says. ' Because,' he says, s 1 the Black Man is reputed to walk !' And then | he to\d no this Btory r "'IMic first tonunb thut-ocou- < pied this house was a Colonel Culpepper, a terri- ' ble passionate gentleman, as I have heard is the ; case with most Indian gentlemen, always except ing Major Miles, who is the sweetest-tempered of " "Never mind my husband," Mrs. Buuce, I said. " Go on with your story." " Well miss — ma'am, I should say — the colonel had a black servant whom lie treated very cruel indeed. Nothing came amiss to throw tit liitn when the colonel was vexed. Paper-weights, dish covers, hooks from the circulating library — anything. One day lie threw the clothes-brush at him. The poor Black man took to his bed and died. An inquest was held, miss, which was oiily right arid proper; biit the colonel, who was rolling in money, bribed the parisli beadle, and he summoned a packed jury, composed eutirely of retired civilians, who returned a verdict of sunstroke, caused by the peculiar effect of the British sun in January on the Hindu constitu tion. And now, as Mr. Jeakes says, his spirit goes perambulating about, demanding justice." " \Vbat became of Colouel Culpepper ? " asked Lady Peckover. "Took ill directly after, my lady," replied Mrs. Bunce in an awful voice, " and died in a state of raving madness in the Charing Cross Hospital, with a strait- waistcoat on, and two medical students holding a feather-bed underneath the window perpetually for fear he should leap out." As soon as Mrs. Bunce had concluded her atory, and retired to her own domain, Lady Peckover fcaid : " It is extraordinary how superstitious un educated people still are 1 Bunce evideutly believes this absurd tale." " I am inclined to believe it also, mother," ob served Julia. "These phenomena, singular as they may seem, are in strict accordance with natural laws, if we could but ascertain what these laws are. I am only surprised that the colonel's spirit does not manifest itself as well as that of the Hindu." " I should be very much surpised, Julia," I commenced quietly, " if it did, considering that Colonel Culpepper is still living." " Still living?" exclaimed my cousin. " Yes — at Cheltenham. He is an old friend of my mother's family, and though a little impatient in temper, one of the kindest of men. I believe Mrs. Bunce's story to be a cruel libel, aud for the sake of Colonel Culpepper's reputation, I am de termined to find out the truth of this affair. You cannot help allowing, my dear aunt," I said, " without agreeing in Julia's supernatural view, that there is something more iu it tliau a mere drsam ? " " There is," answered Lady Peckover ; " and I assure you, my dear, it makes me feel thoroughly uncomfortable." ' " Then I shall insist," I Aaid, " on George's coming back to town at once, and assisting tod to ferret it olit." CHAPTER III. George was. a little unwilling to leave his pike- fishing and bis clergyman (I confess I felt rather jeulous of that clergymen), hut lie is such an excel lent self-denying creature, that he was as amiable as possible when he returned. He had been away for nearly three weeks, and it was so pleasant to feel my hand once more resting on his arm when we went out sight- seeing, instead of being depen dent 'On- Julia, Who really wears such preposterous skirts (although I try to impress upon her that the fashion is changing), that it is difficult to get within a yard of her. George listened most pa tiently to my account of the.ghost story, and I could perceive a clever1 sort of twinkle in his eyes when I had' finished' it, as much' as to say, " Trust me for Unravelling tfie matter." Then my dear husband spoke thus : " Write a letter to Colonel Culpepper,- detailing , the lady's maid's story, and ask him' for an im mediate reply. Don't let tfie servants- see tfie letter, but drop it Into the pillar-box at tfie street corner. I did as my husband hade me ; and three days afterwards received the following reply, brought by a commissionaire from the Oriental Club: " My dear Isabella, — I certainly did not expect that the first letter written to me by you siuce yciir marriage would contain an accusation of aggravated manslaughter ; hut so it is, and you will perhaps be surprised to learn that I think the charge sufficiently grave to require my presence in London for the purpose of rebutting it ; so I have come up from Cheltenham ; and if your hus band (whose acquaintance I wish to make — I knew his father during the first Burmese war) will give me a call at the club this evening, I think our two wise heads may devise a scheme which will effectually absolve me from having to sign myself ' the conscience-stricken murderer,' Ferdinand Culpepper." When George came home that night he whispered to me : " Don't suy a word to uncle, aunt, or Julia, about Culpepper's arrival. And now, Belle, would you like to see the ghost again ?" I shuddered slightly, and answered : " Dear George, I think I would rather not." ' Because I have a notion," he continued, " that it tuny walk to- night. Culpepper is coming here to try and get a sight of it. I am to let him in quietly at the front-door about half-past eleven." " Do you know, George," I said gravely, " Colonel Culpepper's conduct makes me feel very uneasy. I cannot hear to think it of such a nice old gentleman, and yet I can't help fancying tliere is some foundation for that dreadful story of Mrs. Bunce's." George's reply to this was a burst of laughter, which lie checked suddenly, und then said in a hollow voice : " In good truth, there is a very serious foundation for that story." " 0, George," I exclaimed, " you make me feel as if you had put a cold key down my back 1 I am getting quite nervous." "Then you had better not stop to see the ghost, dear Bella. Go up .stairs, and get ready for bed." But don't make yourself thoroughly cleshabillee — I may have occasion to summon you and the rest of the family between this and morning." After imploring George to be careful, I crept unwillingly up stairs, waving iny hand over the banisters at each successive lauding, until the dear fellow was no longer visible. I then entered my bedroom, and, sitting down in the easy chuir by the fire, pretended to read a hook.' It was of no use; I could net read, so instead of reading I set my door ajar, and listeueo intently. The Peck- overs are early people when they have no com pany, and by half- past eleven the house was perfectly quiet. The French clock on my mantel piece had just chimed the half hour, when I heard the front door opened in a very stealthy manner. My female curiosity could resist no longer, and I stole down stairs, hiding myseif in au especially nuru ungie near uiu oru» ing-ruoiu. x ueurn Colonel Culpepper's well remembered voice; I also heard George whisper to him, " Better take off your hoots, colonel. Here are a pair of list slippers." From the smothered merriment which proceeded from the two gentlemen, I judged that tho culoucl- lmd-ocatcd hirasull iu "ouc cif'tlie hull chairs, and t hut my husband was acting as boot jack iu ordinary. There was a long pause after this, during which I had gradually descended still nearer to the unconscious ghost watchers. Pre sently George whispered, " Colonel, u'ye see that light over tire kitchen stairs ? He's come !" At these terrifying words I fled up stairs, throe steps at a time, with a horrible dread that some skeleton form was clutching at my skirts. I did not feel safe till I had put a double locked door between myself and the supernatural world outside. More than a quarter of an hour had elapsed, when a series of rapid footfalls were heard iu the passage ; and something began to twist the handle of iny door ; my heart died within me, and £ had only strength to murmur : " Who's there ?" when my husband's voice suid : " Why, Bella, are you asleep ? Open — quick." I believe I said, " Why didn't you knock, ducky ? " and almost fainted on his shoulder. " We've managed matters capitally down below,' said George ; " and now I've roused up uncle and aunt, and Julia, and Jeakes, and Mrs. Bunce, in fact the whole household. Put a shawl round your shoulders, and come down to the breakfast- parlour as Boon as you see Sir Peter and my aunt march forth. I've told everybody that they can make themselves look as elegant us they please." At length we were all assembled. " George," said Sir Peteb, rather surlily, as he suppressed a yawn, " I hope this is not intended for a practical joke ?" , " 0, no, sir ; nothing of the sort," replied my husband. " I have invited you all down stairs iu order to show you the celebrated Black Man." I glanced round the room at these words, and observed with some surprise that while the coun tenances of all the others expressed merely curi osity or astonishment, there was a look of guilty apprehension in the face of Mr. Jeakes, the butler, and of his' subordinate, John Thomas, the foot man. " Before proceeding further," continued my hus band, " you must allow mo to call an important witness into court — Colonel Culpepper." At these last two words, pronounced in a loud tone, the door was opened, aud Colonel Culpepper entered, bowing gravely and ceremoniously to Sir Peter and Lady Peckover. " Sir Peter," said the colonel, " you mustpardon my intrusion into your house at this unseasonable hour : hut 1 wish to clear my character from a stigma that has been cast upon it. I iiave been accused by your butler yonder of having died in a state of insanity, after murdering my Bengalee man-servant, Ramchuuder. The story of iny death is manifestly untrue. If you, Sir Peter, will have the kindness to unlock the pantry door, you will be able to decide on the remainder of the allegation." At these words, we all crowded into the pas sage, where George had turned the gas on bril liantly. Sir Peter unlocked the door, and dis closed to view the'treihbling figure of the crossing- sweeper of Gormandy-square 1 " Now, ladies and gentlemen,' said Colonel Cul pepper, " that is Ramchunder, whom I was forced to dismiss from my service for making too free with my Spiriti-c 'est, as well as for other irregu larities. Speak English, Ramchunder, aud say if that be not true." " Iss, Sahib," answered Ramchunder, joining his bands together, after the imploring fashion of Asiatics. " And now, uncle," interposed my husband, " I will tell you what we found this worthy coloured gentleman doing : we foutad-h'ita doing the foot- man's work — cleaning the plate and brushing your clothes." , "lathis true?" demanded Sir Peter magis terially. " IsS, sahib," said Ramchunder. " Mas'r Jeako, ho say he very much tire ; Mas'r Thomas he say he' very much tire too. Ho say: 'You n'gger> g'v0 you- two' shilling a week do my work.' What would poor Ramchunder do ? He very had off nowrsinct leavo good Colonel Sahib : sweeper's trade bad now, plenty March wind Gentlefolks say : ' No dirt uow — no copper sweeper give," " " Well, Jeakes, what have you to say to this ?" asked the master of the house. " I don't deny it, Sir Peter," said Mr. Jeakes with dignified snavity of manner, " but I cannot 'elp asserting, Sir Peter, that you brought it on yourself by the non-providing of a boy iu buttons. Me and John Thoma3 will not demean ourselves by vulgar work, such as plate- cleaning, knives, and clothes ; and we thought we was doing a had of charity by employing this pore benighted heathen for such hinferior occupations." It is not necessary for me to state who was dis missed and who was not ; it is enougli to say that' the house was never afterwards haunted by the Black Man. 