THE FESTIVAL OF SNOBS. ( From the London Review .) Thubsday last, October 25, is a day marked ia our calendar with the name of Crispin. Its anniversary, four and a half centuries ago, was celebrated by 30,000 Englishmen in the famous ?victory of Agincourt that was fought ' upon St. Crispin's day,' which will ever be remem bered in connection with ' Crispin Crispian,' if it were only for that stirring speech that Shakes peare puts into the mouth of Henry V. The festival of Crispin is also observed by that numerous class of our community — estimated at the last census at 280,000— who have taken him for their tutelary saint. Not only in the Northamptonshire seats of the boot and shoe manufacture, but at Sheffield, Stirling, and throughout the length and breadth of England and Scotland, Crispin Clubs and Crispin Societies flourish and abound, whose members j keep their annual festival, occasionally with out- j door precessions, but always with that feasting j and drinking to which the degeneracy ofthe times has sunk the holy- day into the holiday. An old adage, of Scotch parentage, says, ' On twenty- ( fifth October, ne'er a souter's sober.' The j word ' souter ' takes us to Tam O'Shanter's j bosom friend, Souter Johnny, who was really John Lauchlin, a shoemaker at Ayr; it is Scotch for cobbler, and is equivalent to tlie Latin sutor, and, in fact, is similarly spelt by Sir 'Walter Scott, when, in the ' Lay of the Last Minstrel,' he speaks of Watt Tinlinn, sutor and archer. Another Scotch word for shoemaker is '-cordiner,' which they borrowed in the olden days of ' Quentin Durward,' from the French cordinnier, afterwards cordonnier; and, in Paris, there were two shoemakers' societies, called thr. Frcres Cordonniers, who re spectively enrolled themselves under the pro tection of Crispin and hie brother Crispinian. Our own English word cordwainer is merely the vulgar pronunciation of corduainier, from Cor dua, or Cerdova, in Spain, from whence was im- . ' ported the leather that was most prized for shoes, and which is referred to in the Hudi brastic couplet that chronicles some remarkable ) connoisseurs in suffering : — ' Some have been j kicked, till they know whether a shoe's of Spanish or neat's leather.' Not but what shoes have been made of many other materials, from the prunello of Pope to the golden slippers of 'VVolsey and Julius Ccesar ; aud wood, iron, silver, cloth, flax, silk, paper, and rushes have all been pressed into tlieir manufacture. Five years before the victory of Agincourt, in 1410, the English followers of Crispin had been in corporated by letters patent of Henry VI., under the title of ' The Cordwainers and Cobblers' Company ; ' and they have a fine Hall in Great Distaff-lane, St. Paul's, London ; although they have long since dropped froni their designation the word Cobbler, and only retain the more ancient term, as it is set forth in ' The Art and Mystery of a Cordwainer,' by Frederick Rees, published in 1813. The word Cobbler has passed into contempt, yet it is capped in opprobrium by that oilier word Snob, the vulgar epithet of a shoemaker : and as so many thousands of them have just been cele brating the Festival of Snobs, we may not. be considered out of place by devoting a brief con sideration to the subject. We naturally ask, at the very outset, the reason — why is a Shoemaker called a Snob ? but it is sometimes easier to raise a ghost than to lay one ; to ask a question than to return a satis factory reply. There are various epithets for shoe makers : they who vamp up old shoes and pass them for new ones are pleasantly termed ' translators ; ' and there are welters, repairers, clobberers, clickers, blockers, runners, closers, and cleaners, whose vocations are explained by their titles with tolerable clearness. We can even comprehend what is meant by ' women's men ' and ' man's men,' and those who ' un derstand their trade,' like Lord FoppingtoiAs bootmaker in Vanbrugli's play. But ' Snobs ! ' why are St. Crispin's sons branded with this nicname? Invention has already been ex pended on the meaning of the word Snob. When a nobleman's son is entered at a univer sity, he is put down in the college books, in. abbreviated Latin, as ' 61. nob.' and, fimilarly, his companion without a handle to his name, might be written down as 's. nob.' — the s standing for sine ; and hence the Snob was simply the man who was not a Nob. This is certainly a more ingenious derivation than that which takes ns to sine obolo, and makes the poor Snob to be a man ' not worth ?a rap;' but, clearly, aU this has nothing to do with Crispin's craft, but pertains to the class that Thackeray so vigorously handled in his famous history of the race. The word Snob is evidently not restricted in. meaning to a non university man, although so defined by the ?Gradus ad Cantalrigiam , by Bristed's ' Five Years in an English University,' and by Hall's ' College Words nor even to ' a mean, vulgar person,' as by Halliwell and Webster; nor ?even to a stranger hunting in the ' swell coun tries,' as in Nimrod's ' Chace,' and Alken:o picture, where 'Snob takes the lead' ofthe hunting-field. And, although the latest edition of Hotten's ' Slang Dictionary ' gives us a resume of some of these meanings, and says that tbe word is ' the nickname usually applied to Crispin, a maker of shoes,' it does not -attempt to enlighten ourignerance as to the why and the wherefore of the epithet. Our useful contemporary, Notes and Queries, would seem to be the most likely source in which to make an inquiry of this nature, and to receive its solu tion if there were any to be given ; but alt hough the question was asked in one of its earliest numbers, and although sixteen years have since passed, no one of its many correspondents is a sufficient (Edipus to solve the enigma — Why is a Shoemaker called a Snob? At the time leferred to, Dr. Gatty considered the word not to be an archaism, and thought that it could not Ie found in any book printed before the present century; and that, thoughshoemakerswere called Snobs in the North of England, the word wa* not to be feund in Brockett's ' Glossary of North Country Words.' It so happens that we can bring forward an example that the sons of Crispin retained their, peculiar nickname up to the month of the celebration of the recent Festival of Snobs ; for at the Birmingham Quarter Sessions, last Mon day fortnight (October 8th), an old offender, who was found guilty of housebreaking, and .sentenced to eight years' penal servitude, made an imaginative defence, in which he sought to lay the blame on 6ome shoemakers with whom he had been drinking ; and, throughout the whole of bis rambling speech, he referred to these men as ' snobs,' and to the implements of their trade as ' snobs' tools and lie briefly described their habits by remarking that they are ' men for fuddling when they go on the spree.' Here, then, we have a clcar proof that, Hp to the present year, the 25th of October i6 still observed as a Festival of Snobs. Probably the word i« not older than the Tom-and- Jerry days of the Prince Regent, when Snip was the name for a tailor, from his snipping the cloth ; and its two first letters would fall trippingly from the tongue for an alliterative title for his brother craftsman, the thormakcr ; while the other two letters, ot), might possibly be taken from the humble cob bler tr 'the great Hoby. This, however, is nidely a random conjecture ; but we hie compelled to limit the use of tlie word to the present century, as we aic umible to discover it in the pre-Hoby period. There is no trace of it in that rare and valuable little volume, ' The History of the Gentle Craft,' nor in similar treatises, includ ing even the liypodemania, or the History ofthe Passion of Shoebuying ; the Scytotomical Decameron, or Ten joyous Days in a Shoe warehouse ; the Sutriim Hobeana Soleary Sys tem, Ars Calecaria, and those other wonderful works mentioned in a certain prospectus of a book, entitled ' The Street Companion; or the Young Man's Guide and the Old Man's Com fort, in the Choice of Shoes,' supposed to be written ' by the Be v. Tom. Foggy Dribble,' and to which a most erudite article was devoted in the London Magazine of 1825. Of course it was lioihingmore than a witty burlesque, by Charles Lamb, on the antiquarian and bibliomatic lanes of the Rev. Thomas Frognail Dibdin, and was a companion article to those apocryphal nu moirs of Liston and Munden, the former of wliitli was quoted as veritable information by tlie wiiter of tbe article ' Modern Eccentrics,' in Tmiple Bar for last July. And equally as irjf Ovtiuiil as were those projected classics of t.'harles Lamb's brain in yielding a counterpart to the epithet ' Snob,' must have been the Baron of Bradwardine's Glossarium, with its leu) ntd distinctions between the caligcc and socci. Hut this Baron was a true gentleman, and, although not a member of the gentle craft, was pel milted to add to his paternal coatof arms the 'budget or boot-jack, disposed salted wise,' in consideration of his knightly service to bis royal master in undoing the latchet of his brogue. Although the boot-jack is not mentioned as a heraldic quartering by Randall Holmes in his ' Academie of Armorie,' yet that venerable master in coat-armour speaks of sandals, buckles, tyes, lachets, and wedges borne in heraldry. And Granger tells us of one Thomas Knight, of Oxford, who was greatly skilled in heraldry, and who might have been a king-&t-arms;, but who ' sunk, in a few years, bom a shoemaker to a cobbler.' Here the cob bler is evidently ranked as a person much below the shoemaker ; but in Flanders the Company of Cobblers not only take precedence df the Company of Shoemakers, but bear for tbeir arms a boot with an imperial crown upon it. Thty ascribe this honour to the Emperor Charles V., who was fond of wandering incog nito. and on a certain night strolled into a cob bler's stall to get his boot mended. He found the cobbler making merry with his friends ; and, when he preferred his request, was told that they were keeping the festival of Crispin, and that no work could be done ©n that day for any man, even though he were Charles himself; but that he was welcome to come and join them in drinking to St. Cris pin, for they were as merry as the Emperor himself could be. As this invitation jumped with the Emperor's humour, he accepted it, and joined them in their drinking. 'Here's Charles Y.'s health ! ' said the cobbler. ' Do you love him?' asked the Emperor. 'Love him ? ' said the cobbler, ' ay, I love his long-no6hip well enough ; but I should love him more if he would tax us less.' They finished St. Crispin's day very pleasantly ; and on the morrow the Emperor sent for the cobbler to the palace, and mightily surprised him by thanking him for his hospitality on the previous evening, asking him to name what reward he would like best. The amazed cobbler took the night to think of it, and. on the next day appeared before the Emperor, and requested that the cobblers of Flanders might bear for tlieir coat-of-arms a boot with a crown upon it. It was such a moderate request that tbe Emperor told him he would not only grant that but another also; whereupon the son of Crispin nslicd that the Cobblers might take precedence ol the Shoemakers; a request which was also granted to him. Cobblers are generally of a contemplative disposition. The bulk is a brown study, in which, from the condition of the boot, they can diagnose the other cha racteristics of Hercules. Bluchers and Hes sians indicate certain proclivities, high lows are representative, and brogues are suggestive. The shoemakers have never been described in contemptuous and fractional terms as tailors have been. A cobbler has been told to slick io his last, but his last is never held up in the severe way in which a goose is always drefcsed at the expense of poor snip. In fact, we have a proverb recognising the superiority of the material with which the shoemaker works over everything else. It is not easy to settle the nice distinction that appears to exist between a cobbler and a shoemaker. The Cobbler was evidently a man whose sphere of ambition was limited ; and was as happy as tbat cobbler who lived in a stall that t-erved him for kitchen and parlour and hall, to whom Henry VIII. paid a visit in dis pui.-e. But as Lackington, the shoemaker, poet, and bookseller, said : — ' Cobblers, from Crispin boast their public spirit, and all are up right, downright men of spirit ; ' or, as 1'ope wrote of ' the aproned cobbler and the parson gown'd,' when ' cobbler-like tlie parson got drunk — ' Worth makes the man, and want of it the fellow, the rest is all but leather or prunello.' And if there is any moral that can be drawn from these anecdotes, il would seem to be this: — Don't expect to have jour boots mended on the 25th of October, for Hi. Crispin's-day is the Festival of Snobs. 