[?] L ' otrir:b'wcoBBEsioxDEXT\\)AlL-i: _ «77 ' ./ 1 r ' l ' : j Vaiiuarv-28. \ i Vhe politiear hfiris' has culminated'- kt last, and now the Secretary and -Ministers must prepare to meet the consequences- :of -the- policy 'which has lateiv been adopted. - Ever : since the1 arrival of the mail, rumors :havd been curreut- as-to; the recal 01 Sir Charles Darling, the supersessibn of Mr Bram- welj, nuu a- very decisive i-ebuke to. the.'Ministiy, The rumors were "variously received, - -.but all doubt- oa the manner is now -at! an e n d , i for the> following paragraph appeartd-imder the . leader in the Argus of this morning. we are in' a position/to state that the rtcal1 of hU ' Excellency the Governor! was de- tei-mir.ed:uppn .bj:- the ' Home' Government,; pfeyijSu" to the despatch of- .the November 'of .cours " there is 116 intimation as to the caifse oT this ' step7 hut pone is needed, . and it now remaius .for us rt see the effect of it7, Sir C. Darling will not "of course' dismiss his Ministers, .whose policy .has just been avouched by the operation of . universal suffrage, but he cannot longer confiune to abet them with out disobeying. his instructions from borne. 'The ''confession of judgment" scheme r is therefore at an end; and 'instruetiohs have been sent to heads of Government departments, to pass no more accounts for payment relying upon the same. . I have it also from an authentic source that Mr Bramwell lias rer cerved positive instructions from, home, ..oh uo account to allow the system to be. proceeded with without the Governors signature, and that can no. longer be obtained. ' Of course all paj'ment-s for the , public service are at an end. There is no AppVo- priation Bill. "Parliament is. not even' constituted, and until it has met, we must endure a most niis"- chievous dead- lock. Ministers cannot either pro- cede- of recede ; resignation is useless, aud unless, ikey adoptT-ke "hajqy despatch" as practised in Japuu by officials in difficulties, there seems no w-ay out of the imbroglio ekcept to obtain a loan for the public sendee pro tern,, and then obtain from a sub servient Assembly bill of indemnity. This should have been their policy at first. — "Thorough" should havc,been ikeir motto, aud had they got' a hand some- Sum they might have carried on to the meeting of Pahament. N 0 w they can ouly urge that Down- iug-ivreA has 110 control over their policy, although" it inayhave over the Governor. A significant inti mation that tbis.will t-e the line of defence was given by Mr Francis, at an election meeting ' held- last night at Richmond. "After admitting that the last de spatches from home condemn the proceedings of the Ministry, liecondeiimstlietoueoftheSecretary of State for the Colonies, as precipitate, and by implication argues that home interests are more regarded than those of the colony ; when the protective policy is adverted-to,- Mr Fraucis finally makes this vemark- ble statement- which savors something of a threat, and enunciates a determination, which if persisted- in, may have very serious consequences. ' " What ever view Dovniiig-street niay take of this question/ it is tbe intention of the Ministry,— I may say at' least, as a member of the Government, it is my in tention— to introduce, and support measures which- are primarily necessary for the prosperity of the country.';. ; Mr Francis, however, doe's not- seem to contemplate the possibility of Sir Gl DarHng'slsnc-i cession -being armed with a policy and instructions which .- will prevent -illegal and - uncoustitutionah meaus'bciug adopted to carrj- out the vishes of the: country, -and; from the -tone and temper of the pre- T- sent Ministry it is impossible that they can long contiiuie-iuioffige, lmdtira Governor "prepared .tolas- serr his own power in checking iikadvised counsels. The matter is .bjeifig bageily discussed here in all its bearings, -anj .there is a general opinion thatoPar-- liameniTfil-edilyrtje ATAsrt-nib'e'd/ and that the chahcirisiqifilipn b"ety«'een'th'e 'Wo .Chambers," in : refereiite lo protection is iyery StroUg." 'Sbbuld this" be the case serious results \\\uU arise. . I hear thaFcur old friend; Mr R. Hi Horne (better known, p-. rliaps, 1 here as '.'Orion Horne,") is - about to publish :au A'tfstrafiau Edition of bis sacces$fi»I work (orlgiaallvpUbjisiieddn Edinburgh), entitled, " Prouietbeus the Firebringer. MrH.;;T. Dwight, of Bourke-street, will, publish the book; and I feel suie it will be welcomed" by ali.'loyetV qf true poetry. Toe English editiom-liSs.elwI'/oe'ij very favorably reviewed by the Londoli.prSs."' ' The press of Melbourne -has a£dreeoguise'd"tlie author's merit?. . - " , . j . , , j .AY ednesday,- January. MR: v Who will bd returned in the third batch .ef", elections ? That .is, .just- .now the all-absorbing quesiiqn. —.Speculation already runs high, .and, excitement; i-w-ill :tuu ; still, hig her; , o,n Slonday ; . Let ms glance db'5\n- 'the list hnd-detail the pro babiliries Eyte and .Levi areiregarded as the " coming men' for East, Melbourne tbua giving one Ministerialist and one Opposition. Black wood and Donovan seem to be in fardt with the men of the Western portion of IhoHity. Burlt and Harbison, both Mifiisterialists, are safe for North Melbourne! The Richniohditeg' are :c'Qn-- fident of returning their twoold members/Francis ' and TV ardrop y Air Francis is, in fact, safe ; "but TVardfo'p is not so secure— Mr Lang will take away many votes', and Mr Griffiths will assist in. the operation.. Collingwood has six candidates for three seals. I venture to. predict that they will be 'placed somewhat as follows Dn the poll : — Dr. Emblingj' Reeves, Edwards, Harker, JobsonJMr- Berry. Js virtually " out of the- race,"ai he is a'fcaudidatdT ..J'or the Murray Roroifgbs/./vhere lie; stands Afar better chance than rt Co 1 i 0 g v>' 0 o'd). Th'p" "contest-.for third place wiil lie a very close one,, and it is just pos- sffil,e hat'AIr Barker, although a Free-trader, will be reTurnedj his high personal'" character and cjaims, will-secure hiuv a very many votes, apart jfrbnf his political views. At ". Emerald Hill theMinist"erial -candidate, Mr Mason, is regarded; as safe.-.-' AtiSandridge the contest be tween 'Messrs B'. Moore and AY: H.. Gresham uijl be';::hot the -Same remark applies to illiijiuatdR'n, but the impression there is that YerdOn will" be victor." At St. Hilda the opposing -dhmps- are-, each' alike confident of victoryhdt the-friends of 'the-Opposition can- didateSi (Messrs Bunny and 'Snowball)"' appear to- have done all they can to "(deserve success" by energetjc jud systematic wpVlr.' It is almost a: certainty that the Ministry .will lose one seat here, Bndpprobablv, that will'lie the one recently' held-by the"Honr"A. Michie. The - Hon. Aorne3r- General will probably defeat TYilber- wce Stephen at Brighton, and Cope w.ill defeat Callaghan (a Free-trader) for the East Bourke Boroughs. Messrs Foott and-Heath will most likely win qt— West Geelong, and Dy te and Jones at Ballaarat East. Yale and Cooper will Pr.hahly win-, in' Ballaarat West, nnd DunCian Gihies, one of the. most rising and useful men who has sat in the House"" for several sessions, vijl be ousted ; these are the probabilities, but in Ihis case I hope I may be mistaken. Air Ireland will succeed Mr O'Shanassy in' the. representation -of Hilmore. At Kyneton, that learned young Irishman, Myles Garrett Byrne, i«oes not stafid the ghost of a chance against R. B. Tuckerthe- old and tried representative of the constituency. For Sandhurst the ch: nces ar.e lhat- Air Howard will be defeated ; he de clines to canvas, the. district ; having issued his address and mt the ejectors at two public meet- ings, he leaves the result in the hands of "the "free and independent," and that result1 will probably be that he will be at the bottom of the poll. Mr Graham Berry will, it is believed, de feat Mr. P. Hanna for the Murray Boroughs. Punch facetiously announces that Mr Berry " has disturbed the harmony of the electors by opposing their P.-Hanna (piano) ! " The chances of Mr J. D. Wood at Warrnambool are not equal to those of his opponent, Mr TV. Plutnmer. Air Aspinall will, ic is almost certain, defeat the Rev. David Blair at Portland. I believe there is no good ground for the rumor that Mr J. T- Smith, M.L.A., will be nominated as Speaker of the new Assembly. ; .-The Hon. Mr Haines, AI.L.C., is still, in ,Ta dangerous state. The health of the Hon. J. O'Shanassy has considerably improved. It is understood that the alleged conspiracy case at Daylesford will be re-investigated.. Strong representations have been made to the" Hon. Minister of Justice on the subject. It"- must be remembered, however, that one of the accused, Mr J. H. Wheeler, ALL. A , is a Min isterial supporter. The fact that auy man ., is. such is supposed to cover (in Ministerial eyes) ai multitude of sins. . 7 ; /Mary Chaice, a respectable- looking young, woman, was charged at the Melbourne. City! Court with attempting to commit suicide by. throwing herself off Queen's wharf into the Yarra. The accused was seen on the previous evening to throw herself from the wharf, and a yoting man jumped in and succeeded in bringing, her to the side, whence she was drawn up. She was quite sober at the time. The prisoner, when asked what she had to say, replied—" I am guilty." She refused to state her reasons for the act-. A woman at whose house she had re sided at different times, gave her a respectable character. .... . She :.had recently returned from New Zealand, where_ she-had . been in service. She " kept- company "> with a respectable young man/ but there did not appear to have been any : quarrel : between them. She did not; drink, and' the; witness could not conjecture .the; cause of the! ! attempt. . The Bench, after, some consultation decided- :on liberating , the prisoner on her own recognisance ;o'f ! £20 not to- repeat t-he offence ; -'an.d' M"r: "Stiirt directed- the ' police" toffiring thbgirl td' his office ihi!ordef that; he might endeavour to discover the cause of her conduct-Laud; get her admission into / some, insti tution.. . The manner of the girl seemed to indi cate anythiug but ail, intention of not repeating the? offence — being moody, sullen and self con ceited,- while her features expressed great deter mination. Under such circumstances it seems rather strange to accept the girl's own recogni- . sance for her own safety. Air Alfred Dickens, son of Charles Dickens, the celebrtted writer, arrived inf the colony some months ago. It was then rumored that he was to have the appointment" of associate to Air Justice Barry . This turned, out to be unfounded, and Mr Dickins accepted a temporary appoint ment in tbe Argus office. Mr Dickens' has now, from choice,- accepted an engagement on a station in New South Wales. The contrast between the early lives of the father, and son is'.striking— Mr Dickens, senior, reporting the midnight councils, of the greatest nation on earth, and the son living in the enormous wilds of the antipodes, in a new climate, and . surrounded by animals and vegetation which are only read of at home ; and possibly -in riding costume which would be con sidered; to say the least of it, rather singular iii Rotten Row. - - - 7 The ' Age to-day attempts, in a;very cleyer ; manner, to throw ridicule -and- discredit on the- positive statement made in yesterday's Argus concerning the Governor's inevitable reeal. The Age may gnash its teeth, and may try to raise a" cry to arouse a mob, "but, the fact remains un altered that the "Imperial Government, the rBritish press, and, sagacious English statesmen, ;condemn, in the strongest terms, the conduct of both the Governor and his advisers. 