A GRAVE QUESTION TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. I SIB, Very little has been heard of the Cemetery Commission recently. Can you inform me what has become of that highly respectable body? Have they departed this life without providing for themselves a comfortable mural resting-place ? If so, I pity them for can assure you that my present quarters are particularly damp and cold, and even Lena feel sympathy. Perhaps the absence in Melbourne of R. Ballantine, Esquire, a member of the Commission, has something to do with the silence still as death which enshrouds the actions of these crave commissioners. lam, Sire's, GHOST. "THE KING AND PEOPLE OF Fire-The Rev. Joseph Waterhouse, the author of this " the latest work on Fiji and Fijians," is well-known, and highly respected in Hobart Town. This of itself would be sufficient to ensure a large sale for his book in Hobart Town and Launceston, of which an account will be found in our advertising columns. But "The King and People of Fiji" has claims on the reading public of Tasmania distinct and apart from all personal considerations. It is written by a gentleman whose long residence in Fiji makes him perfect master of the customs, manners, and superstitions of the people whom he undertakes to describe, and whose deep christian spirit pre- eminently qualifies him for an account of the wonderful change that has lately been wrought in their condition. The Rev. Mr. Waterhouse's book is written with a purpose and an arm. Some of its narratives are full of thrilling interest, and few will take it up without reading right through to the end. The author has the happy knack of saying just so much as he ought to say on every topic he introduces, and no more. The descriptive parts of the book are admirable. They charm us with their simplicity. " The King and People of Fiji" ought to be in the hands of every christian family. Apart from its details of missionary labor, it forms a valuable addition to our knowledge of a long neglected, but deeply interesting race of people. THE TASMANIAN POSCH.-The first number of the Tasmanian Punch was issued on Saturday last, and met, no doubt, with a large circle of admiring readers, as most productions of the sort generally do. It would not be fair to criticise a first effort of this kind, but we can hardly do less, than give an echo to the general public sentiment, which is, that there is room for improvement, if it is to become an institution among us. But whilst saying this, we ought to caution the public against expecting it to be equal to its illustrious London congener, which forms a vehicle for all the latest social and political "hits" the wit and talent of England can produce THE WEATHER.- Another change occurred in the weather on Friday, when the frost was again followed by rain, which commenced in the afternoon, continuing intermittently during the night, and until noon on Saturday, when it cleared up, and the remainder of the day until the evening was fine, with a comparatively , mild temperature, and partial sunshine. The frost while it lasted was unusually severe, but we have not heard that the young vegetation has suffered in consequence. With respect to the gardens there are few crops in progress at present, as the ground has been too moist for sewing or planting, the seeds and roots being liable to rot if exposed to too much wet, while one material benefit has accrued from the frost in the destruction of slugs and other grubs ; enough of these, however, remain to render necessary the watchful attention of the gardeners, and this would be a very good time to destroy them. Yesterday was fine, but the morning and evening were very foggy. ANOTHER NOVEL DER. Our tradesmen just now seem bent upon working novel ideas, and what with Christmas dinner clubs, clothing clubs, tangible, and other queer notions the public are becoming perplexed as to which speculation is likely to prove most advantageous A new idea, which promises to work well, was started by Messrs. Overell and McMillan on Saturday, to wit, "A wheel of fortune in which every customer to the extent of a pound became entitled to a draw. We were shown a list of the prizes which range from dresses and articles of jewellery of the value of £5, down to bars of soap of the value of one shilling. There were 1000 tickets in the box, and on Saturday some good prizes were drawn. No doubt the Promethean gift enterprise will prove an attraction. THEATRE ROYAL. Yesterday afternoon the Rev J. Wilkes Simmons delivered his usual lecture at the Theatre Royal, when there was a very crowded attendance. The chair was taken by the Hon. P. O. Fysh, Esq., M.L.C., who introduced the lecturer in a few well timed remarbs.The Rev. Mr. Simmons lectured upon " The World we live in," giving a very comprehensive, interesting and moral discourse which was listened to with great attention. A reference to the obituary of the past week was made by the reverend lecturer in generous and feeling terms, and we are sure touched a responsive chord in the hearts of his hearers. At the close of the lecture Mr. Simmons said that the course would be brought to a close on Sunday next, when he will lecture on " Past, present, and future." At the close of the lecture the Committee met in the box office of the Theatre, and presented to Sub-Inspector John Dorsett a very handsome family Bible, and a copy of " Scenes in the life of St. Peter," in recognition of the services he has rendered to the committeee by supervising; the front of the house during the recent course of lectures. Mr. Dorsett replied in a few appropriate words, stating it as a fact that while the lectures have been going on the Sunday charge sheet at the Police Office has been almost a blank. Our Monday's police court reports have certainly supported this assertion. MUNIFICENT GIFT. Mr. Peter Panda fall, of 5, Connaught place west, Hyde Park, the eminent Greek merchant, has just presented to the committee of King's College Hospital, through Dr Priestly, the munificent sum of £6,000, for the purpose of establishing a ward for poor sick children in that institution. The ward is to be called the " Pantia Ralli" ward, in memory of the late Mr. Pantia Ralli, the father of the generous donor. It will contain about a dozen beds, and, besides the great benefits it will confer upon the sick children of the poor neighborhood in which the hospital is situated, it will give in creased opportunities to students to gain experience in the treatment of infantile diseases, and afford facilities to the ladies of the St. John's House Training Institution (who have conducted the nursing of the hospital for the last ten years) to train nurses especially to attend to sick children. The new ward will be a most valuable addition to the usefulness of this excellent charity which, being unendowed, and entirely dependent upon voluntary subscriptions, could not have undertaken the additional cost of a children's ward but for the liberal assistance of Mr. Ralli. The whole of this liberal donation is invested in order to form the nucleus of a permanent income for the sick children's ward, and it is proposed to increase the number of beds as soon as additional subscriptions will permit. In the meantime the committee will gradually receive donations towards the furnishing and other preliminary expenses of the ward. Timbs. THE ALHAMBRA PALACE. The statement of Mr. F. Strange, of the Alhambra Palace, now laid before Parliament, sums up the claims of the institution to be relieved from its equivocal position under the present law. A according to this statement, the Alhambra represents a capital of £100,000, and employs 320 persons of both sexes, paying ward at the rate of nearly £450 per week. It has increased the wages of ballet girls at least 20 per cent. It receives on an average 3,000 visitors every night at an average admission price of 1s. per head, and the expenditure of each person in drink, eatables, and cigars averages about 7d. The working classes, for whom an upper gallery capable of holding 1,000 persons is provided, attend in large numbers while the known social evils" only amount to 3 per cent, of the visitors. The establishment is worked under four licences-two granted respectively by magistrates for music and dancing and the safe of liquors, one by the Excise for the sale of cigars and tobacco, and one by the Lord Chamberlain for morning performances. The item in the statement relative to the average consumption of refreshments is of great importance, inasmuch as according to common belief the money expended by the visitors on eating and drinking (or rather on the latter alone is more than double the sum received in the shape of admission fees, whereas, it Mr. Strange's allegation be substantiated, it amounts to little more than half. Under the present state of the law, Mr. Strange can only give concerts, acrobatic entertainments, and ballets, his legal right to perform the last being so dubious as to involve the Alhambra in a perpetual series of conflicts. What he seems to desire by an altera- tion of the law is a right to perform light comic operas in a dramatic shape. These, no doubt, would be much more effective than the non dramatic choruses; which, according to the state meat, at present cost about £3,000 a year. 