ENGLISH SPORTING NE NS. .?? [EnojI.OUR.OWNCOIillESroNDEKT.]' vl:.:i ' :n-Jh'U. .? i -: London, 26tlieMarch; ?; _ Marbh is i commonly said to ''come , in like a' lion'initlijs country, .tout so fnras'tliehcur rent year, o£ grace isi concerned, it loameint much- more 'like a Polaribear,' for we. havo had more frost and snow since .'.'?' the i ides o£ March have come' than during the. whole of the preceding winter ; and the old distich,-; :. (??' ''As the (lays crct longer :'.?;-? ., The dold gets stronger,' 'i .-..-.? oas tins yearibeen verified to the letter. ? , The Stoekingers at Nottingham' wore the first to suffer by the -long-delayed 'arrival of Jack Frostv which, although it had threatened, had nevertheless 'been good-natured enough to spare Lincoln and Birmingham.' ?? Helving upon iv continuanceof this run of luck agoodly muster of turf men mustered in' the great city of the stocking makers -on-the 27th of last month to inaugurate, the. opening of the Spring Meeting, wnich rariks'iiext in import ance after Lincoln among- our early gathpr. ings, Tn the first raco Troublesomb was- at once spotted 'to best'. Old Warden (and Longboat, and 4 tol was laid freely on him, - the backers drawing 'first blood,' as the: favourite won cleverly. The players threw in next time, i however, as Lytham j and The Clown 'iwere backed : for.: 'pounds, shilv lings,' and pence' to win the Innkeepers' - Plate. -:??! Lord' . Westmoreland's Echo, . very nicely 'ridden by /Kenyon,- who promises, to become a 'bright particular star' amongst the light-weight jookoys,: upsetting this very extensive pot. In the Park Stakes, King- . maker, enteredto.be Bold for. 40 bovs, bfcflt El Ole and Queen Bee, and then was bought in for 310;guineas. : Under the , new, law of; racing (which, by the way, should be adopted in Victoria) the owner of El Ole, who was se cond,' received £142 5s.,1 being a moiety. of the surplus obtained over and above - the selling price. The ground for this alteration in the law: was the extent to which the prac tice ;\vas growing: of -entering high-class horses in-'Selling Baces for sums absurdly, below, their value; in order to. make a cer tainty of winning bets, the amount of, which: rendered it very immaterial whether the owner, had to give a . few- hundreds ? morcor ? less to. recover his horse. This was a very pretty' 'little ;rgamo' for the race funds, which:: received the surplusage ovcr:tho: sellmg price, and was accordingly : en couraged by lessees and clerks of courses, but the lynx-eyed old Admiral- saw- the hardship endured by- the owner of the second horse,, who was by this dodge . shut out from any possibility of winning the prize for which he was fairly entered, and has remedied it by. the new enactment,, which, gives one-half the Bum realised .over the sellmg, price to the owner of the second horse. .. ; The everlasting old Juliet, -who— carried -Mr. Hughe3*s colours, was a hot favourite forthe big Han dicap, and in the f ace of there being a dozen starters, no more than 9 to 4 was laid against her. ''At.oneTtime, it looked as if the good thing.Svas coming off, but the four- yr-old, Aline, byStockwell, who was most patiently, ridden by'little'Mprdan, Bhowed that breed ing will, 'tell, '.'arid' earned her Cat 101b in triumphantly '; .-'. Dulcimer; , .' also four ' yrs^ and tiaving'only Gst Gib up, was second ; , the' favourite, aged, who, with Gat '. 121b up, finished a; length from Dulcimer. Lord Bateman's old mare, Queen of Trumps, showed .her fine form and speed again Dy ?winning the Stand Plate, half a mile, as she liked,, though with nothing very tip-top in her wake. A race for nunters finished the performances of the day and of the meeting, for on the morrow the f roat was so hard that racing .was. an' impossibility, and Derby Races, which should have followed. Hotting: ham, 'wore postponed nine die from the same causeV; , '-, ''.'.''' ... ? -: ' '' ' ?''.' Great ^fears !were naturally, entertained lest !th'e '! Liverpool Meeting should, meet with ; Bimilar ':ill-fortune, .and tlie_ dread' was the,' more intense, as the excitement abouf the Grand National Steeplechase was probably keener than ever ; the stimulus afforded by. the adoption of the new rules and the raising of the scale of weights being most marked. The weather, indeed, on the opening day, Tuesday, 6th' March, was' any thing but inviting— so' bad, in fact, that in many parts of England it would have been impossible ? to race, but.. Liverpool was fa-. voured, and business accordingly, commenced punctually'with theTyro.' Stakes,' for two yr-olds, which Sycee, by Marsyas,; one of. Mr. Blenkiron's breeding, placed to the credit, of her. 'owner, Mr. Mackenzie, the efforts'of the quartette that opposed her to the contrary notwithstanding. Plying Jib, ? by Gunboat, won the Plying Stakes from seven opponents, o£ which only one, how ever,' is, in the Derby of '67. Next in order came the Hurdle Hade, for which eight wont to thb'v post, Clairvoyanto and Queen of Trumps' (not Lord Bateman's . half-miler) being ' the favourites. It was won easily enough by Dave Hughes, on Real Jam, , who jumps '. beautifully, and can . manage two miles j the favourite, Clairvoyante, was a bad second, and there wore six behind this pair. 'Real Jam being in the Grand National, it wasexpected that her victory would have given! her a great lift in the betting, but at first it had no effect, more especially when it was announced that she was ' ' for sale' at £600. ' The Mersey Cup only brought out five runners, Echo— from bis Nottingham running— being most fancied. The winner, tinwflvnr. f.n rn nri un in Exceller. . bv Nowmin ator, with Elastic second, and the favourite third. A Hunters' Bace woundup the day's sport'.;.',, .',' -..'..-','' The' great attraction of Wednesday was, ol course, 'the Liverpool,' that Derby of Btooplechasiug. so much coveted, but which takes so much bringing off. It was under stood that the starters would number :30. or' thereabouts, and of this lot fully one-half woro backed freely by their respective par- . tizans.' Alcibiade, tho.winner last year, was decidedly tlio favourito till the morning of the race, when ho had to give place in tho quotations to the French' champion, ';Laura, and Lord Poulett's' representative, Cortol vin, whild'Eeal Jam, who was now understood to bo ' mcantj' trod closo upon his heels ; then came' ' the ' much-dreaded L'Af ricain, who. could- — so.it was said — win with a house upon' his back. Tho Doctor, Ibex, Mistake,' Morrimac, Hall Court, and King-of Hearts, were also backed by their respective parties at varying odds. 40 to 1 wos kid freely up to the moment of starting againstMr. Studd's Salamander, the layers -seeming to think it was '! finding money' to lay against him at any price.. -The field numbered exactly 30, the largest -that ever .went to the post for this , race, except in 1850, when 32 faced, the, starter, and Abd-el-Kodor won: for the first timo. But neither then, nor' .at any other time, was there, the amount. of, money betted this tune as was piled upon tho event ; and neither then, nor at any other time, was thero such a chapter of accidents to be recorded of this year s race. Jfrom the largenumber of starters,' a good deal of timo was consumed in the weighing out, but when one* ,tho splendid phalanx reached the starter, , very few minutes elapsed ; before they. ? were off. 'Lord Poulett's Ace of Hearts, whose' office' it was to secure a strong paco for Cor tolvin, was the first to bIiow in advance, and. he lo& the, way over the first fence a dooker ; - not so, however, at tho second, which he refused, and jumping round put out tho chances of nearly lialf the field, Laura and L'Africain, two prominent favourites, cannot be said over to have been in the raco from 1 this point. L'Africain was cannoned against by something and knocked right into tho ditch in the next field on his back, and though George Holuiau, his jockey, was re markably cool, and lost as littlo time as possible in getting to work again, this grind torso's chanco was irretrievably out. Ibex twos tho next to come to grief, and shortly » Afterwards West End, Reporter, Kim; of ''?-rtg, Philosopher, and Stella wero settled He... 'VeoJii continuing to lead, with Hall byfttHmK,.- Akfol-A- irrAU!c, Morrimac, f SEftam Sa lamandcr.Cortolvin, Light Heart. lew' hiBtof Ha.lcourtfel. heavily !£ Valentine's brook, but jumped up and con touedthe raco ou his own hook, minus a jockey, koopinE the course all the.wayiround,, andj actually; finishing second, !ii!- Bcocher's brook = was . fatal to tho.hops ; of Mr.. Angell 'and|his friends,':asiAlcibiado thereigavo Ben Land! aih'eavy- purler,' and Thom'astown,. the 'pride orthelrish division, and who had been ?gdirig splendidly, gotian unlucky icropper, and was noniorb seen. ?-.'The Lincolnshire horse,' Cr'eblo,' was' still in- the: i van,, the field .being Tednced;toi Merrimaci Salamander, (Jortolvin, , Real- Jam, .Light,,' JIeatt,v Frank,. and, Tho. ,Doctor,;aud it. was .very shortly afterwards snil turcner uiminisnett.uyltau Jam hanging, out signals of distress. Before1 reaching tho road the last time Salamandor ,; took :;np his position next to Creole, who was still, in front. 'Coming, --up ' the; ?, meadows Mr.. Goodman brought Salamander, to the fore, and going on by himself, won as he liked by ton lengths. Cortolviu,, who. was disappointed,: and had to run round hia horses at tho, last turn, was second, but without , having had' the slightest chance.; of, winning, even ifhd had not; been: disappointed., .Creole, who ran a, good game horse ^throughout, was- third, Light Heart fourth^ Merriraac fifth,,, Tho ..Doctor sixth, and, Frank. seventh,,, not one 'of [?? the !tliree;and-twenty others passing tho post. Tho race was run in (11 mip. and 5 sec.,.nnd the value of the Btakes, was £1600, indepen dently of which Mr. Stuild, the owner 'of Salamander, is said to have netted £30,000 in bets as his owniudiyidual share, besides wliat some.of his friorids won, and one or. two of the prof essionals who could see a little farther^ into a milestone, than their neighbours..., It is, said that Mr. Studd won more over; thjs race than any one man evor.,won on a steeplechase before. - Salamander is.\\\ ell- named, being by; 'Fire^eater.j and there's; no mistake -about his^ having made it hoi for some of the ring-men.; Nobody,- 1 think, regretted that.the German Baron Van Grootven should have ,beeu dis appointed after trying to awindlo the ? BritisU. public as. ho, did about Mistake, which the German Baron- did in this wise :— Krst, he sent a telegram to Morris, the ' great betting man, to back Mistake, which ? Mr. . M. did, then the Baron tolegraplidd to ' ' back' no more, Mistake' out of work','t; and next, meeting Morris at, Tattorsall's, told him to ,'|save, what ho could.;' The supposed fact;that the ho'rse'had brqk'en.dovfn got iiito the sporting ' coon,' but -in the.meantime thejWily: Baron sends a heavy commission to Messrs. Fisher ami Reynolds to back Mistake. ',. As' luck would have it Morris and Reynolds trayelleid down to Lincoln in, .the same carriage; and ere route both began to operate , upon . Van Grootyen's orders,- till at last Morris had laid i Reynolds '£22, 500, to, £700, and,£100 even on :hia (Re'ynplds's) o\vri account, that Mistake ?did not start for the Liverpool 1 The German, and'his rival commissioners werd extricated from the 'mes'a, by' Admiral . Rdus^'iwith Messrs. Hill and Hargreaves, declaring the bets off.' jTbreyort,' however, to the racei.Of course every' inan whose horse falls in, a, steeplechase ° thinks that he would have won if he had stood .upon his legs, but in this case, I'feeljvery confident that all such excuses; may be put down as 'leather and.prunella,' arid that .the best horse at the weights won. He is » 'fine wqight-carrying' hunter, plain' ?t and rather coarsa-looking, but very fast arid, a magnificent fencer. From the , trial 'they had. with, L6rd; George, Mr. Studd andhui friends felt pretty sure that they had a great chance, arid they never left off Uking all the 50's and 40's to 1 that -were going begging, while the bookmakers ' stood it lilco lambs, from sdoirig no commission employed, but only a private gentleman or. two backing' their fancy 'for the outsider. It 'was done very cleverly, but very quietly. On1 the Thursday the sport was 'but ; indif- ferent, 'Reporter beating Stormcock 'arid;' Frank for theMolyneux Cup, whioh only at:' tracted these three starters,. after which Mr.' Studd throw in again in bringing off the 100 so vs Handicap Plate; bv the aid of'L'ord George, just as eaaily as lie had ' The Liver pool ,' on the previous day. ; Nino horses' of fair calibre and. tolerable condition, for the time of year came to tho post for the Spring Cup, one mile and a half on the fiat. Jezebel; from. Wadlow's stable, who was not.much fancied in the ring, won with tolerable ease from Welbeck, Caithness, a' great favourite : before atarting, finishing' third. Mr. Good man,' the '.rider' of Salamauder,:and '. Lord George at thls'meeting 'crowned the edifice' by winning tho last event to-day, the Craven Cup Steepleohaso, on Sno\vdon. ^ The remainder of the Liverpool week was occupied by steeplechases at Chertsey and Leighton Buzzard, but at neither place, did they command much morffthan local interest. Owing to Easter falling so imusually early this year it was impossible to avoid some of tho spring fixtures clashing one with the other, and when it came to be a matter for Mr. Merry to decide whether he would f run Northampton, he naturally . and very wisely determined to avoid tho latter at all risks. -The consequence of the arrange-, ment was that neither, 'Warwick . ' nor Doncaster was as great a success as they generally are, though the \vinterly character of the spring must also bear its share of this untoward consummation. ? ' The' sport at \Vai wick commenced on Tues- : ? day, the 13th inst., with the Racine Stakes, for two rand thrce-yr-olds. Lord West moreland's filly, by Promised Land out of Grenada, and Lord Coventry's grey, filly, Cortillon, wero spotted by tho talent,' but the -Peers ' couldn't stand against . ?'. tho -Commons, and had to strike their colours to Mr. Saxon's three-yr-dld, Stilton, by Idle Boy, who, entered to be sold for 50 sovs, was knocked down to Mr. George 'Payne for 110 guineas. The Trial Stakes,one mile, which stood next upon the card, was certainly the most' interesting race wo have had this season, comprising as it did; amongst its entries the Marquis of Hastings's £12,000 purchase, Kangaroo, as well as Archimedes, Attache,' Sacoharomdter, Moulsey, etc., in fact, a field of clippers for this particular dis tance,: the only drawback being that some of, the candidates wero decidedly short of con dition— especially Archimedes and Kangaroo. The consequence was that old Saccharomptor, who .looked as lively as a cricket, and as hard', as a ; cricket-ball, won- easily 'by LWU lUllKuUBy xxuvuviiu uiiiauiii£ ovuuuu) on sufferance probably by Kangaroo; Archi medes, dreadfully diatreased, rolled in fourth, a long way from ? Kangaroo, and th'o rest of the field was fairly spread-eagled. ' Mr. Edwards,' in Mr. Payne's atripea, landed Tho Beadle an eaay winner of tho Willoughby Handicap, for which Flying Horae, Cutaway, Tartar,andAntoinettooppoaedhim. Prodigal, one of tho Danobury. string, was made tho favourite' for the, Two- yr-pld Sweepstakes, but the 600 guinea sister! to Chattanooga, , trained for Sir. Padwiok by Alfred Day,' upset the good thing. , This maro is named Misfortune, not owing to her relationship' to ;the' unfortunate ' Chatter-and- no-go,' but because' very Bhortly- after sho wo3 sent to; Alfred Day she fell ~ down and out her knees' so badly that she had to stand with her head-tied up for several weeks. 'Tho knees are still big, but happilyit does not interfere ,- with; her' action. Greenland, formerly in ' Drewitt'a stable, . was . most - fancied for tho .Hurdle Race, and next to him Acolyte ; but Ace of Hearts landed it for Lord Poulett, nfter a good race with Acolyte. -, ' ' On tho ' Wednesday Pantaloon, ' with the aasistance of Jemmy ; Grimshaw, chopped down four very middling ones in tho Walton Handicap, after which fourteen weighed for tho Two-yr-old Stakes, including master Jemmy Grimahaw for Prodigal. Having mounted the colt, who was a littlo fractious, and givon him his preliminary canter, in which he did not ao verv kindlv. Jemmv rodo him back to the saddling paddock, and jump ing off declined tho mount, saying ho ' was dangeroiiB.' In consequence of this the colt did not start. Now seeing that Fordham, who happened to havo sprained his wrist, rode the colt on tho previous day with one hand, there would seem to have been no suf ficient cause for Jemmy Gritnshaw'a audden and very unusual fit of nervousness,' and wo cannot wonder that at Northampton the Marquis of Hastings should havo sent to John Day to tell him that he 'was no longer hifl servant,' and to require the return of uia cap andjjacket That Grimshaw, who in only about Bovcriteen or eighteen years of ? age, was trifling ; with- a- good position you will be' liove when' I tell you that the Marquis of Hastings'gave him £600 per annum for Hie '.'first call1'' for his services, that ho paid 'all his travelling 'expenses,- and in addition gave him £6'for'iovcry winning arid £3 for every losing -mount.'- Tho fact is :the boys are spoilt by; their employers; who then grumble that thoy cannot keep them intheir places. ?To ; return, ' however, far -the' : Two-yr-old Stakes. ?: : Princess 'Thyra, by Newcastle, from Joseph Dawaott'a' atable, was selected to do the trick] 'but tho filly belied her good looks, and Misfortune, in spite of a 41b penalty, 'won ? cleverly; ? Mr. Ten Broeck's Goodfellow : second. Thd 'Great Warwick- ? shiro- Handicap. brought out nine runners,1 the majority of whorii couldn't movo in -the deep ground, !and- this good stake fell to Mr. Bray ley's. Polios, who scorned to- delight in tho mudlarking task that was! Set ? him; Jezebel was second, Cambuscan thirds andNu fourth. Thursday was devoted to cross country work ? princii)ally, ' ten owners of horses (or rather nine, for Lord Poulett^ran two) being plucky enough to iaco the Liver- : pool winner again, his weight on this occa sion being only list, including 14lb ponaltyi Six of the starters had hot, it is true, run in the ! Liverpool — viz., Penarth, Joe Maley, ? Portland, Globule, Overton, andlvanhoff— - but. none; of these '- looked good enough' on^ paper to'effoct tho overthrow- of such a horso as. Salamander, against whom' only 2 . to- 1 wasriow laid; Cortolvin was at 4 :to; -l^'and' Penarth arid Ivanhoff each' found backers . at ,6,to I;--! iTho race requires little: description,;, for Mr. i Goodman; royersing his: Liverpool tactics,' took Salamander at once to the front, whore he lay -throughout, and won without ever being fairly extended. Cortolvin, -n-ho, as at Aintree, alone was' near, him at -last, fell heavilyrat the final flight of hurdles! an accident i. which1 enabled ibex ito^ comei in a; bad;second,LLight Heart finishing third, ten : lengths ? from Ibex, i and Globule fourth,: :as' far from. Light: Heart. -Portland ? was fifth, Penarth iixth, arid no other one passed ?' the ' post ...Creole; who had .been^expreaslyi'ro-: served fori it, won tho Hunt' Steeplechase,' .but | only, in consequence ibf- the rider of: Acrobat going the wrong -coursci In -trying to repeat the Liveniodl ' little game'.' of win ning a second iteeplechaad with lord George, ? Messrs. Studd and Goodman were this ' time unlucky, - his lordship breaking - his - thigh; and- having to be destroyed ;: the ? raco being thus left to Oscar,- with- Sir i Bobby se cond. ?:, .,.: -i- .-.'n! ;n', ?:...,;,: .'?? .i ? '(.?!?? Kt Ddncastor, Mr.. ,T;- Parr's Lochiel;iwho had been talked about as an. outsider for tho Derby, won the Trial Stakes, with which the , 'proceedings-: opened, .: beating -Mr.' Sayille's Eakririg and tnreo others1; - but later in the: daylLochiel' was made such an example of i in the, Spring .Handicap by ; MiBS Haworth, . rwhcl wdn it, and:Eakring; who, turning the. tables.on Parr^spolt,. ran- second, that .tho Derbynwill certainly.nbt i go , to!. Wantage . if ? they hare- nothing: better than.Lochiel.!to carry tho'puco.and white jacket. Sycee, carrying a 71b penalty, . and six moro had to succumb to Montaguard, one of .Count La-, grange's 'long string of . two- yr-olda, but ! the , ToUpwing day,, when ho and Sycee bothi had '.to dairy; 71b;. extra, Mr. Mackenzie's mare won. very ,-. easily/ so that there's nothing very gaiidy about tho Frenchman after all. -The fields were small in almost every instance. at: Doncaster, and the Steeplechase proved no exception, ' i f or i 'ont ? of '27 Bubacribers only ' r three— Meanw'ood, Pigeon, and Foresight^ ' went to the poBt ? The struggle,' however, between .the ? two former was ono of the: olosest arid most interesting that ' has been witnessed over a country for a very long time, [ the Il81b difference in weight telling its tale in tho long run, and giving the race to Mean wood after a tremendous Btruggle. ,- ' ? Croxton Park is not what it was in tho memory of some of your readers,' and' with the falhng-off in . the number and calibre of the Visitors' has tlio interest in tho events do oided at the mooting declined in like manner. Proyisor won1 the Granby Handicap for1 Mr. Craven, beating Miss . Harriette, ? Ackworth; Moulsey, -andjHistorian,' whioh was hot a : bad; performance,' and afterwards 'Miss Har rietto polished off Ackworth and Dean Swift in the Cup..-/ ?'?? ? ? '? ? ? ? '? - ? Northampton, where, as the 'old school will- still have it, tho racing season commences (Heaven save' the -mark 1), produced some' most interesting contests, and has abtually contributed one new ' name to the outside division of tho Derby list— I mean Vespasian, who carried off Lord Spencer's Plato in such form with 7at41b on Ins back, that he was at once nibbled at for 'the Derby, and he is quoted now at 45 - to 1. But perhaps the most interesting raco of the lot was tho Trial ' Stakes on the-first -day;, wherein Sacoha rom'eter, The Duke,' and Regalia met, as well as four others of inferior grade. ' The pubho would have' Old Sao' arid nothing else, _ro lying on the fine form he has-been displaying this season, but-John Day expressed the greatest confidence as to being able to 'do ' him with the 'Duke; and though ' he accom plished this the latter colt had no chance whatever with Mr. Graham's splendid - Oaks yictrix of last season, Regalia. The Northamp tonshire Stakes brought out sixteen runners, Mail Train being an immense favourite as 7st 121b, on a fi vo-yr-old having any format all, j us tiBod his being. Still the game little John Dayia, who was giving the favourite 161b, though both are of an age, galloped him and the rest of the field to death, and won as he liked — a great performance. Mr, Pitt won tho Whittlebury and the Racing Stakes', in, such stylo as strengthened the position of Rustic in the,Dorby betting, but Lord.Lydri also j continued' firm; I'-The'Danobury stablo likewise won tho Pytchley with'-tho Duko of Beaufort's Lord Itoimld, arid tho Lamport Plato with the Marquis of Hastinga's Pro fessor Anderson, while Joe Dawson won the Althorp Park Stakes for Mr. Pryor with a rattling colt called The Rake, and the St. Liz Plato with old Raglaw. Mr. Chaplin, too, was lucky, as in addition to the Spencer Plate, abovo alluded to. he nulled off a couple of good stakes, so . that ho had a very fair, innings, and altogether the' meeting passed off most successfully, r ? , Tho sensatio'nal event of the week was the knocking out of ' Student for the Derby,- for although his name is still mentioned in the quotations, ho is generally regarded as inevit ably gone. . ? Nobody seems to know for cei tain what is the matter,, but the general' im pression is that the colt is so dolioato they can't train him, and from private information I am inclined to believe that the public view of tho case is not far from .correct. ' For iny own part, I don't think Student ;wouldi have a chance ol winning the Derby if -brought to thelpost ever so fit, as 'his'pubh'dterm is very littlo,'if any, better than Mr.- Pitt's, who is known to bo pounds worse than Rustic. .' My fanoy is.-however; Janitor, who ' will, I/ex-. pect,'win both'Two' Thpusarid and'. Derby. He has, beaten Rustic once,' | and will,: if 'ho ^eepsright,1 do it^gaini ''V'1 ' ''?'', 'r'',',/-' ' , ^Tndgrcat 'tJniversity bdat-raco 'ciirao: off on* Satiirday1 morning, between BovcriVand /eight' a,'ni,:ito.the:great disgust of tho Lon^qners,' who, ;for the most'narti'aro in their firstsleep ab'oui that time.'1 Notwithstanding 'the nn seasonabloness of tho hour, the orowds in at tendance wero greater than ever, , but the. steamers behaved much bettor :than thoy havo of late years, and as yet only one fatal accident is recorded from among tho shoal of small craft with which the river was crowded. A few weeks ago the match was regarded as a foregono conclusion ; Cambridge, so it was said, not having a ghost of a chance, and all sorta of liberal odds wero laid on tho dark blue. As the timo advanced all this changed, many good judges maintaining that they pro ferredj tho form, displayed by the Cam bridge crew.althoughit was not to bo gainsayed that Oxford wero the heavier and moro powerful men. The consequenco was that at last 5 and 6 to 4 wore the longest odds obtain ablo from the backers of Oxford. Tho utart was extremely even, both crews rowing so exactly at the Bamo pace, that for a certain distance both boats wero level, but going a desperate pace. Tho Cambridge stroke then put on a spurt, and the light blue boat forged Blightly nhead, and although tho Oxford put on spurt after spurt to endeavour to regain their lost advantage, it was for some time in vain, Cambridge gaining oonatantly on , her opponent?, till, their boat was a length and, a half behind. Iii Corney Roach, howovor, the water was rough, and tho strength and weight of the dark blues began to toll, and hero too fortune came to their aid, as a sail ing barge got right in the way of .the Cam bridge boat, and all but ran them down, owing to faulty steering on the part of their coxswain. This enabled the dark-bluca to get1 such a load iis they could never afterwards bo de prived pf, and for thdsixth year in.BUCce8siou' Oxford was hailed the, winner of tho great aquatic contest. The time, was 25 mm. 28: sec. , and the race was won by 15 sec. Con sidering tho state of tho wind and the water this is-first-rate time, indeed it is said to have been the severest race ever rowed. ?;??? Nothing new in tho P.Ry Tho ; match; for the Championship between , Mace and Goss goes on, and, the deposits. aromado regularly.-: 1 There is 'some ^k ,of; tho,two,;big fuhs,- Baldwiri and Marsdcri, coining togetheri but, I doubt it, as I fancy tho latter knows a' trick worthvtwo of itn.,..:i.:'. ' : * ?;??..? ???'-? ??? -??? r ? Mrs. -Fdrdham''-' has '! presented ' .',' Mr.1 ?George' with' ''a{-b'eimtifnl boy,'.-whd, for his age, is anythirig'but1' a' light-Weighfj ! ' ''1 enclose thy latest betting :— ? ? ? '' -? I' :,I,ATKST LONDON KETTING. ,' .- ? i il I . ,'? :; CITV AND,SU1IUHI1AN. ... ... \- , ,. ! ', 100 W 8 liiget llcplilstopholca (tk). .,,,;, i. - ? t ' . i,; : TWO THOUSAND. : .'-i-iv I ( '', .'i (i- Jto;4ngallorilLyon(tk).i .-,,.'?,..?;.'; ?I'J : I, ,:', '. ' CHEHTEitCUP. l ?? ' -. r,.li - 100 to 8 agst Satndln (tk j 26 to lngstSundnl (tk) ,;?': :? ,. niid bfT)' ,11000 to,30 ,,. .TrcnBuro - 100'to'e,;,, ,Jt»r8gali(ofT|.. :.'.: ; . , Trovc(tk) ?;aB|tol|-.,,,.'Sariiey(tk) I,; ,,',?, ,., ...... ,,;,v:v ? ; ; 6 to ion tho flbld (oil) ' ) ?; 35 to 1 agst rfnnitor (tk) '?'?'-. LiTEbT BErnNGrAT MANCHESTER.'! : u{, '?!?'? J : ,(pY.;ELKCTni$jELEtiiiAi-ii.) ';?„.:, ,., ':-' : ''' ' ' '''' TWO THOUSAND. ; i ? -! ',; ?u',1 to 4 agst Lord Lyonl -ob, tfi 8 ngst'Studen^... 'i'sto2 „ Janitor (tk) I ;' ?'''':' '.' , ' ';''.'.',','/: '*! [''' i . CHBSTEB'COP.' , ' -' '??'?'? flOO :o B agst Saladln (tkf*6 to 1 agsfDalby (tk).' .. lOOtoB „ Barogali (tk 28 to I ,', Harry Brails-, '.; I , .,Jr) ?'?-'??.??' ford (tk)- ?' J20 to 11;, .'Sandal (tk)i- 33 tol' ;,' Tronsure SOtol „ ;Gohg.i(tk) r, .? : n.';:)!,.L Trbvo Jil :i :.20tol „ Surney (tk) 40 to I „ BucWopt ., , , : iooto li on t'lfd'nc'ld (off) 120 tdi'ags't Student (tic) ''?' \--20 to 1 ajjst Augusto (tk)|45 to 1 „ Vespasian (tk) 