TO CORRESPONDENTS. £Cci\\\\-il:i nvrespundents requiring answers to their questions arc In I ho habit of enclosing a postage atninp for « co;-y or Hell's Life containing our reply. Such persons aro Informed that wo never ? nil r t!ic iinnu' of n new subscriber unless he ?cml at leant one quarter's subscription In advance. All elutllenges must be sent to our oil!:* before Wlnesday evening, and wo cannot insert any (unU-4» I lie party challenging U known {ruitr.mtuc of good faith. Questions submitted icrnnswers nuiM bavesomcdistiuctivcslguaturc. *'CoiiKt:int Suburrlbera,' etc., aro so numerous tha: tliey only produce confusion. We cannot Answer '.ueBtinns on the following Saturday uulM s limy are i';it before Wednesday night.} 'OUl Victorian' and ' Melville's Ghost.' — . Jhcr.hfiU with thinks. TV. V, C. — The first number hoisted. was jVb. I with some writing. in cluitk, which we took to I: tlin worth 'dead heat.' Strathnlbyu, S. A. — So long as the starter -'!?[ not ttarl the horses before the lime net thmi for the race, his act cannot be over ?ri'.te'J. Jjoiigstop. — We. think the match should be con tinned to the time fixed for the drawing of the s'.utiiji'. ' lt)l) Brunswick Street. — Persons arriving /;.'. tliii colony on passage warrants can | 7isn.v thcsliiu an soon asshearrives in Hohson's liny. . . ISnocli'ii Point — Aro- ttoo queens. Victorian Hotel. — Afr. Finher's Stockowner liin voi yet arrived in this colony. Fisher mir.i'K bail time t'.ir three miles was for the Jl mot Chieen's Plate, 5 min. 30 sec, weight its' 12 !-, but the caurseis a few yards short niOi' dininucf. An OM Subscriber. — You do not encloseyour V.'i-. — The bells qff. Souvix street nail York 'v. York. — Jllarlow ml: The Hying Dutchman for the St. 7/51(1)', the Doncaster Cup, and t/ie JUateli at Sandhurst. — We amnol tell you. the lest rnnniny jump in England during the lout s'u itcarn. 'W. 15. — A wins. 3\. H.— Both bets are won, and must be paid. 8ile:i.— The bet is oj. Chaucnry Lime. — The fieiyht of the hurdles v.'. t-'tnnol tell yon, the distance was 120 j;unl-, and Harrison's time v.as 19 sec. and 20 «'.c. H. V.— Tlit. fastest time for 100 yards in Vic toria is Olf'see. by J. O. Harris. T. '\V.— We cannot tell you. 3\. ft. — Tim Champion racewas started at about fix minutes to three. Moyaton nnd W. J.~ A Iiorse must start and hi beaten to qualify him for Me Consolation KttllXi. ' . ?Williaractown. — Volunteer started in the in Aqimtics. — Ilicke;/, who is matched with ' OreM for the Championship, defeated him KOme time back. The same Green that routed for the Vliaiupionship of .the T/iames. JL. B. C. — The only persons to whom the title of 'esquire' is dw. are — Noblemen's 2,w;y«' sons and tfwir eldest sons ; the eldest KOiiSff Kn'ujhts aud their eldest sons; the officer* of the Queen's Courts and her house iio'd ; Councillors at Law, Justices of the Pence, etc., though the latter are only es -/»/;?£.- in reputation; besides a justice of the jKC.ce hokh A to title no longer than he is in -:o)iunission, in case he is not otherwise qualified to bear it;, but a sherHfofa county xvho h a mptrior ojjlca,; retains the title of esquire during lire, i:i consequence of the triial ones rpcosed in him. X. S., Pleasant Creole. — Hobble Noble was /citrt/ifor tha.Derby in 1852. JLF.— Thc same. Siibscriba. — The two horses are distanced, and aiv, tlie.refore, out of the race. J. 1). — lit fore measuring tlie height of a horse 1th plates or ,shoen mail be removed. 