THE " ANGELUS." 2!? the Mayor of the Herald. Small willingly furnish your correspondent, "AnEcleclie and Inquiring Parent " with the information he requires. I take his questions seriatim - What is the .' Angelus > " In i ply, I quote from the " Garden of the Soul " (a Caine a prayer-book in common see). THE ANGELS DOMIM. " In Catholic countries, and in some parts again of England (are being discontinued for JOO years) the church bell is solemnly rung three times every day morning, noon, and night-end each time, in memory of our Saviour's becoming man, is said " 1 the Angel of the Lord declared unto Mary and she conceived of the Holy Ghost. "Hail Mary" full of grace, the Lord is with the. Blessed art thou amongst women, and blessed is the Fruit of thy womb, Jesus. Holy Mary ! Mother of God ' Pray for us, sinners, now, and at the hour of our death. " 2 Behold the handmaid of the Lord be it done unto me according to Thy word. "HailMary, So. " 3 And the Word was made flesh and dwelt among 119. " Hail Mary, to. " Let us pray. ' Tour forth, we beseech Thee. Ü Lord, Thy grace into our hearts, that we, to whom the incarnation of Christ, Thy Son was made known by thoEiessa«o of on Angel, may, by His Passion and Cross, be brought to the glory of His Insurrection through the same Christ our Lord," Is it in Latin 5 It is recited in the vernacular by the laity , but I believe that priests and religious living in community still sometimes see the Latin language, in which, as the universal language of the Roman Empire, when Christianity began in Europe, the liturgy of the Church was of course written. Those votion takes its name from the two first words of the ancient formula the " Angelus Dominicans for brevity is now known simply as the " Angelus " Do the children understand it when recited ? I presume so They understand the English language. Moreover, it is the duty surely of a teacher in a Christian school, to explain what he undertakes to teach. A large portion of this devotion is taken verbatim from Holy Scnp true and if Protestant children may be supposed to understand the Bible when used as a class book, as it often is, it is not expecting too much from Catholic children that they shall comprehend extracts from the same sacred volume is. the recital ordered by any ecclesiastical authority ? I am not aware of its being so enjoined RB that its omission would be a son. But the ecclesiastical authorities recommend it generally, as is evident from the parish church bell being tolled to remit of the people in all Catholic countries. It is at least as binding upon Catholics as the " Grace" before and after meals is upon pious Protestants M cover, the Pope has published spiritual indulgences " for the punctual fervent performance of the devotion It is unusual in the Catholic schools of all countries ' It is usual in Catholic schools everywhere AY by should it be recited at 12 o'clock, and would not or other hour do ' It should be recited at 12 o'clock, because that is the hour at which all Catholics are engaged to unite in performing it. It is surely not necessary to remind your correspondent of therapists promised to Christians on their gathering together to worship What are the good results that flow from the recital, and vi ed would be the evil consequences of its omission? I the punctual recital of the Angelus," (he mind of the Catholic is periodically recalled from the distractions of the world to a remembrance of the one thing needful " The devotion, II v ') be run, comprises a brief notice of the principal mysteries of our holy religion, from the incar- nation to the passion, death, and resurrection of Our Bltmd I odd WtRover, This devotion particularly directs the mind to a perception of the omnibuses benefits conferred upon the human race by Mary's consenting to give of her own body the humanity that was to be hypostaticalJy smiled with the Divine Word God graciously ordered it that is Live, for the gratification of her senses, made the commencement of the disobedience of the human race, which I was afterwards conxuiiiroatcd in the first Adam, BO MI TV, by her obedience and consent to the proposal of the ni pd humbling b< reply to the risk of reproach for the act, of should a little too Redemption And Catholics salute her in the ' Hail Mary," n negation of what they thus owe to her and in fulfilment of her own inspired prophesy, "1 um henceforth all nations of the earth shall call me I BltfFid " The learning], the gh also the contrast, between Eve and Marj a perfect Eve Is the mother of all who are born into this world of all who are born of the flash Mary, by larg the mother of the Gml-mnn-tho second Airmail their the of all who are here again the I rrj-tnerntc-ihosp whose spiritual life is from JOBUB 1 think what I have written will show good reasons for his ' (trial Press" which Catholics lay upon the due tents) of the Angelus, and will furnish sufficient grounds for their untiring it both a duty and a privilege to peril and it 1 protestants are the only Christians, I believe, who do not practice his devotion I am sorry In terrier that another correspondent, calling himself a failure, has and, with reference to this put ject that he does not understand the Angelus He cannot have been properly instructed The best excuse I can i (sir for him is, that he tells us that he is a " laboral" Catholic I am Sir I ARCHDEACffiN"M'ÉÑcnOB'S FRIEND. I 