BUSHMAN'S AUSTRALIAN TALES. THE DEMON OF DUNTROON; Or, The Winged Spectre of the Red Hill. A LOCAL GHOST STORY, (Written expressly for the Queanbeyan Age.) ONE Saturday evening in Autumn, about four years ago, four jovial sons of the Green Isle, whom for form's sake we will designate, Pat Haggerty, Martin Sweeny, Thade O'Toole, and Bryan O'Lynn, after partaking of the Doch na Dorish with a few convi- vial townsfolk at the St Patrick's, on their way out of Queanbeyan, started for Canberra, where each of them rented a snug little farm. Business matters had brought them to Queanbeyan on the day in question, and as they were near neighbours, and friendly ones too, they had enjoyed a merry bout of it together during their stay in town. Dreamy twi- light shadows were hovering over the pretty little forest-fringed town of Queanbeyan when they reached the brow of the woody ridge overlooking the town, and not far distant from the Oaks, and the evening lamps already shone through the casements of the villagers' cottages; the deep blue eastern sky, too, was fast becoming luminous with the starry host; for, ever and anon, a pale, scintillating light would appear for an instant on the distant firmament, as if some angel's hand was applying a silver taper; and then would flash forth the shooting rays of some far- off star. But little cared the Celtic quartette for the twilight shadows or the silvery starlight as they were more influenced by "potheen" than poesy just then, so on they trudged with reeling gait towards Can- berra, the shades of evening, meanwhile, assuming a deeper tint as the dense foliage of the forest-land shut out the eastern starlight. Now there are very few lonesome reads but have their ghost legend attached to them—lone, wayside spots where troubled spirits love to stalk at midnight and scare the trembling peasantry on their homeward way from market—some broiling creek or quiet glen where the blood of the suicide, the slain, or the im- potent inebriate, has flowed in the dusky shadows of the gathering night ; and Canberra-road is no ex- ception to the general rule, for every lonely hollow and sloping hillock, from the broad white bridge in Queanbeyan to the quaint old windmill on fair Dun- troon has its ghost legend associated with it, and manifold are the stories afloat among the settlers of Yarralumla and Canberra of the midnight meetings between the settlers on their way home from market, and the grim visitants from the other world. But Haggerty, Sweeny, and Company, being under the influence of a more potent spirit—an evil one, too— gave but little heed to either ghost or goblin, as they journeyed towards home, now noisily conversing on political topics which had agitated the public mind half a century ago on the "ould sod," and then gliding with an easy transition from politics into the numbers of some ribald party-song that for years had helped to keep alive a feeling of bitter enmity among men of the same nation—men who, instead of enemies, should be as sworn brothers—a fine, brave, noble race, whose naturally warm open hearts too long have been perverted by the evil machinations of a set of base agitators, who for a century and more have been busily inculcating sentiments of hate and rancour where all should have been love and unity. "Ah !" said Martin Sweeny, as a curve in the road was reached where a neighbour of theirs had been killed a few years before—"Ah I here's the sphot where poor Freney—Lord rest his soul—was killt." "Yes, the very sphot !" said Thade O'Toole; "and well I knew it, boys; for I was wid him the very night he got the fall. He was thrown close by the butt of yonder apple tree, and never sthirred a limb after he got the fall. But let us move on boys, for shure don't they say the place is haunted? for the the old Scotch woman at Limestone, Mrs M'Sthira- bout, saw Freney's ghost the last time she was coming home from Queanbeyan." "Shah ! don't be talking nonsens, Thade," cried Bryan O'Lynn. "Shure, man, there is no such things as ghosths in the world; the ould woman must have been drinking potsheen and misthook yonder black stump over there foreninst, or perhaps some night-hopping ould vagabond of a kangaroo, for a ghosth." "And bad scran to ye, ye unbelieven Turk of a Jew ! and do ye mane to say there is no ghosths in the world?" 'cried O'Toole, in great ire. "Psha, I'm ashamed of ye, Bryan : for I always tuck ye to be a man of sinse until now. But jest listen awhile and I will tell ye a story that will soon convince ye: "One night, about thirty years ago, my father and I was sthopping at an ould leather-mill in a lonely glin about four or five miles from Cork. It was winter time, boys, and the wind howled and moaned round the ould mill as if the churchyard at the head of the glin bad given up its dead and the ghosths were stalking about in search of warm lodgings out of the wintry blast. My father and I sat by the fire for a long time withouit sphakin; for, to tell the truth, boys, I was too frightened to open my lips; and all the ghosth sthories I had ever heard were chasing each other through my brain like race- horses. I don't know whether my father felt frigh- tened or not: but I am quite certarin he must have felt very thirsthy, as the whiskey-bottle had run dry about two hours previous, and the night was too sthormy for me to go the nearest shebeen, which was about two miles off, to have it refilled. Bedtime came at last, and my father, after knocking the ashes out of his pipe and drawing a deep sigh, for his spirits were as low as those in the bottle, prepared to turn in. I soon fell asleep after going to bed, for somehow or other the humming beat of the sthorm and the rain always mates me drowsy when I lie down. But although I slept soundly sthill I had had dhrames, for all the ghosth sthories that had been running through my brain in my waking mo- ments sthill kept haunting me through my slumbers. We must have been asleep several hours when all at once we were aroused by a heavy crash, as if the ould mill was falling in on top of us. We listhened for awhile, afther being aroused, but could hear no other sound than the ticking of an ould eight-day clock and the rolling sound of the disthant thunder. The fire had gone out, and the mill room was dark as a black cow's belly, and I could hear my father muttering to himself, as if in prayer. We were just falling off to sleep again, when, all at once, boys, the ould devil of a clock began sthricking, and had scran to her, but a fine sthrike she made of it, for, good- ness betune us and harm, if the ould divil didn't sthrike thirteen insthead of twelve. There could be no misthake about tt, for my father counted the sthrokes, as well as myself, and thin, jusht as if the ghosths had been waiting for the clock to strike be fore they comminced their capers, something or the other comminced kicking up the divil's own bobbery. The chairs were capsized, and the ould table knocked about as bad as it would have been in a hurrah scrimmage at Donnybrook; whilst a choking noise issued from our little dog as if some person was dragging him across the flure and trying to sthrangle him. My father and I sat up in the bed with our teeth chattering in our head like castenels from fear. Neither of us could sphake, and my father was too much frightened to strhike a light. Well, boys, the infernal row continued for about ten minutes, when all at once, we saw the hot embers that were smouldering under the ashes thrown about as if the ghosth was making his escape up the chimney ; at the same time our little dog gave a sharp painful yelp, accompanied with the sound of breaking delf, and all was still again. The ghosth had tried to carry the dog up the chimney with him, but having burnt his feet was compelled to let him fall again. There was no more row during the night, but still we slept but little until daylight. The first thing that met our view in the morning was our little dog Thyny limping about with his paws burnt, the two ricketty ould chairs were capsized on the flure, and a large earthenware pitcher, containing tallow for the stuffing of the leather, was broken on the fire-place. My father went into Cork the same day and told the owner of the mill of what had oc- curred on the previous night, at the same time he requested Mr Wise, his employer, to settle with him, as he said he would not sleep another night in the mill for all the money in the Bank of Ireland. Mr Wise attempted to laugh the matter over, and said that the dog must have got his head fastened in the neck of the pitcher and could not get it out again until he broke the pitcher against the fire-place. But, shure, boys, my father and I knew better than that, and from that day until this neither my father nor I have slept in the ould haunted mill in the glin." "And now, Bryan, I hope you are convinced that there are such things as ghosths in the world," said O'Toole, turning towards O'Lynn. "The divil a bit convinced I am, thin, Thade," answered Bryan; "for I am of the same opinion as Mr Wise, and you and your ould dad must have been two omadhawns or you would not have mish- thook a live dog for a dead ghosth." "By the bogs! thin, Bryan," cried O'Toole, in high dudgeon, "if you sphake in that disresphecful way of my father and me again, I will break every bane in your skhin." "Bedad i thin, Thade, I never ate my words," cried Bryan,—"so fire away, ma bouchal, as sown as you like." Upon this a fight would certainly have ensued if Heggarty and Sweeney had not interfered between the two fiery Celts. Peace, however, was soon con- cluded and ratified between all parties by a hearty shake of the hand and lusty swig at a bottle of rum they had brought with them from Queanbeyan to cheer them on the way. On they trudged until they came to the Red Hill at the edge of the forest land and near where a curve in the Queanbeyan river sweeps round by the Canberra road. The moon, in her third quarter, was rising, and her slanting rays cast the shadows of the tall trees far out on to the plain; the night wind was rising, too, and was be- ginning to moan among the tree-tops with a rushing sound like the wall of distant falling waters. Martin Sweeney was deeply immersed in the doggerel num- bers of the Shan van Vaugh, whilst every now and then, his three roisy cronies joined in chorus with the voices of Stentor. - "Oh ! Jack Sweeney had an ass," sang Sweeney,— "And he'd let no one pass, Unless they would go to mass, Says Shan Van Vaugh. And he'd let no one pass Unless they would go to — "Och! murtherl Och! murther! what's that on the hill beyant?" whined Sweeney, pulling up sud- dunly in the middle of his song. "What thing? Martin alannab," whispered O'Toole, whose teeth were already beginning to chatter. "Och! thin; And don't you see the woman wid the great white wings sthanding on the middle of the Red Hill beyant ?" answered Sweeney, whose courage was fast oozing out at his finger ends. The dreadful apparition soon became apparent to the whole of the party, and then ensued a droll scene. O'Toole and Sweeney began appealing to all the saints from Pialigo to Skibbereen for aid, and as they were too drunk and too frightened also, to sup- port themselves unaided in a kneeling posture, they sank down by the side of a horse that Heggarty had brought with him from home. Sweeney clasped the horse round one of his hind legs, whilst O'Toole possessed.hlmself of a fore leg, and in this ludicrous position, although, in fact, they were invoking the protection of the saints, a passer by would have thought that they were addressing their pious peti- tions to Heggarty's old horse. While Sweeney and O'Toole were seeking spiritual assistance Heggarty and O'Lynn were addressing themselves to the spirituous potency of the rum- bottle; thus, as it were, matching one spirit against the others. Now, it seems, that there is a supersti- tion existing in Ireland to the effect that, if a person is placed in a reversed position on a horse's back,— that is, with the person's face turned towards the horse's tail,—they will be enabled to distinguish a ghost more clearly. Heggarty had heard of this superstition and begged of O'Lynn, as being the least fearful of the party, to test the matter in this way. After several ineffectual attempts to mount Bryan, with Hegarty's assistance, managed to scramble an the old horse's back. "Och! Bryan, asthore; and what do you see ?" whined O'Toole, as he looked up from his devout posture at the foot of the old horse. "Shure tell us, alannab, whether its a raal live ghosth you see?" "Och ! murther, murther ! but it is, boys," cried Bryan, in great trepidation, as he hastily endeavoured to dismount; but missing his hold of the horse he fell heavily on Sweeney, who was still clinging to the horse'se hind leg, and in failing he struck out as with one of his legs and knocked poor O'Toole over also. O'Toole and Sweeney soon scrambled to their legs again and took after Heggarty, who was making tracks for Queanbeyan as fast as his legs could carry him. Bryan O'Lynn lay in the middle of the road, where he had fallen, until morning; for what with his heavy potations and his severe fall he was com- pletely stunned, and the sun was glinting through the trees when he regained consciousness again. The news of the ghost adventure soon spread round about Canberra and the adjoining neighbour- hood, which gave rise to another ludicrous feature in the affair. A young woman, it would seem, whose parents were residing at Canberra, was in service at Quean- beyan, and had received permission from her mis- tress to spend the Sunday with her parents at Can- berra. She, too, had left Queanbeyan late in the evening, and was ascending the Red Hill just as Hegarty and his friends came in sight. The wind, we have said, was rising with the moon, and the girl had lifted the skirt of her dress over her head ; and she, being a stalwart wench, as she stood statue-like on the hill with the skirt expanded by the wind, gave rise to Sweeney's idea of the "woman with the great white wings." The young woman remained an amused spectator of the actions of the farmers, until O'Lynn's fall from the horse and the ludicrous flight of the other trio, and then laughingly proceeded on her way home. Sweeney and his three companions are sometimes asked by the more waggish of their friends to give an account of their nieeting with the "Winged Spectre of the Red Hill:" but I fancy they would rather their friends would allow the matter to drop; and such being the case, I think we, too, reader, ought to comply with their wishes and say no more about the fair sprite of bonny Duntroon. 