THE FAST DAY. The proclamation of his Excellency tho Gover uor, inviting ministers of all denominations, with their congregations, to bumble themselves before tho Giver of all sood gifts, ami beseech Him iu His wisdom to relievo tho colony from tho dread ful consequences likely to result from a continuance of tho present drought, and to pray Him to send us ruin, to gladden the heart of man and rejoice the earth, was very generally ra spouded to in tho city and suburbs yetterday. All business was suspended, and the quietude of the Subbuth prevailed. Aloug tho lines of rail way, trafiii was stopped daring divine service. The churches anil oh-ipels were thrown open, and the exhortations of tho ministers wero listened to with devout attoution. The* oalu initous results to bo apprehended from tho absence of rain were very forcibly pictured, and the experience of other countries was brought to bear in ordor to show how fortunate tho colony has been in having escuped visitations which have befullcn others from similar causes. In South Australia prayers have been daily off-;r»d up for some timo past, lor tbo relief of tbe oonntry in the Pur North, where last j ear 235,152 sheep and 28,850 head of cattle perished j and if no ruiu is obtained tho destruction during the present summer will bo fourfold. Tho pastoral tenants in this colony are experienc ing similar Iosbos, whilst the agricul tural and mining population aro almost un ablo to continue their ordinary pursuits. Following the exnmplo of South Australia, special Bervices for rain wero held about a mouth ago by tbe Wesleyan body in this colony at the desire of the .President of the Australian Wesleyan Conference, and in tho Church of Eugland and tho Roman Catholic Church, collects huvo during the past mouth been read every Sabbath, of a similar purport. Whatever viewa may bis entertained of the results likely to follotv these appeals, it is highly creditable to the good sense of tho commu nity to huve to record tho decorum manifested during the day. Tho services at the various ohurohes aud chapels in tho city und suburbs are appended. MELBOURNE. ST. JASIEB'S OBDROn. At this church, whioh wub orowded, tho Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Melbourne preached. He took for his text tho 20th and 21st verses of the 26th chapter of the Prophet Isaiah, as follows : — ' Come, my people, enter thou into thy chambers, ftudt Bhut thy doors about thee ; bide tbjseH as it were for a little moment, until the indignation be ovflt past. For, behold, the Lord coraoth out of his plaea to punish the inhabitants of the earth for their ini quitj.' His lordship addressed himself to the snbjeci of tho drought, characterising it as a visitation of the Lord's for the sins of the people. He referred to the practice uf tbo Legislative Ai-sembly in com mencing tbeir proceedings without prayer, and to the habit which prevailed of running pleasure trains on the Subbatbs, as sins of a national character. A special service wus prepared for this and all tbe other Episcopalian churcheB, whioh, besides tho selections from the Psalms aud Lamentations, Com prised the two followiug collects : — Almighty nnd most merciful God, at whose bidding tho hcaveu is shut up, iind them is no raiu, hnyfl com passion upon us, wo beseech theo, in this time of our necessity. Wo acknowledge, that by our forgetfoJneiis of thee and ingratitude for the bounties of thy provi dence, by our misuse of thy gifts, and bj our strifes and divisions nmong ourselves, wo have deserved thy righteous punishment : yet, O Lord our Uo-l, in jaW ment remember mercy. Though our iniquities testify against u-i, spare us for thy Name's snko. Deliver us from the evils under which we ure suffering ; and pre serve us fi-om those greater evils of which wo aro ap prehonsive. Give unto us tbe rain now so groayy needed, both for keeping alivo tbo flocks and herds and for carrying on the mining operations throughout the land. Grant unto us also thy grace, that, as wo now call upon thee for succor under the pressure of our distress, so hereafter, when thou shall have heard oar cry, nnd removed from us thy chastisement, we mny show onr thnukful remembranco of U17 gtodness by our godliness nnd righteousness, our lempuraoco and sobriety, our Chris iun union and concord, Onr liberal distribution of thy niuuifold gifts, our zonl for thy glory, and our charity toward ail men. Grant this, O heavenly Father, for tho sake of thino onjy bfRotten Son, and our only Mediator and Advocate) with theo, the Lord Jesus Uhrist. Amen. O most gracious God, who art kind to tho unthank ful anil tho evil, we humbly acknowledge that wo hitvo not manifested n due sense of tho manifold hloMiogs which we have received nt thy hands. Through o'ur neglect of thine ordinances, nnd niUuso of thy bounties, offences have been multiplied, and thy holy mime p6-- faned in the land. Yet, O Lord our God, forsake^us not utterly ; but continue to us thy loviugkiudness; ns unto thy servants iu the days of old. Pour forth upon nil orders of men amongst us the enlightening and sanctifying influonco of thy Holy Spirit. Tnko »*ay all ungodliness and iniquity, all infidelity and super stition, and establish among us true religion and piety; tlint we may be a people fearing tbee und wojk ing righteousness. Give us grace seriously to lny jto heart tho great dangers we are in by our unhappy dlyi sions ; find grant unto us that we may henceforth bo all of one heart and oue soul, united in one holy bond of truth and peace, of faith mid charity, an I may with ono mind nnd ouo mouth glorify theo ; through our Lord Jesus Christ, to whom with theo, O Fa-.her, anH with the Holy Ghost, bo all honor and glory for over. Ainen. st. p.vut.'s cnuncii. The Rev. S. L. Cbaso conducted the services at St. Paul's. Here, too, there was a very large at tendance, Much larger, indeed, than ou ordinary Sunday rocMuings. He chnse for liis text part bf tho 14th verse of the 7th chapter of Eoclesiiistea — ? ' In tho day of prosperity bo joyful, but iu the day of adversity consider.' The before mentioned extraordinary services preceded tho seimou, whioh wns nn eloquent and appropriate one. At the olose of tho service a collection was made on behnlf of the Benevolent Asylum, aud was liberally responded io. : I'Hri Hr.V. I. IIKTHEMNGTOX'S CHUHCH, CGIJUNS STttKET. At this church there was aliovo an average 8undtiy '. utfen-l,ir.ee. Tho pastor, who himsolf officiated, preached from tho 1st verso of tho 97th Psulm: — ' The Lord reigncth, let tbe earth njoioe.' Tho sermon was eminently applicable to tho occasion. A speciul prayer for rain was offerod up iu tho earlier part of the service. HT. ENOCH'S UNITED rilEKUYTERIAN CHURCH. The Rev. A. M. Rumsay, the puBtor, who con- : ducted tho services at this church, after praise, und special prayer for rain, read Daniel, 9th chanter, with accompanying remarks. He then preuch'ea shortly from Isaiah, 9lh chapter aud 13th verso-: — ' J'Yir rlio people turuul.li not unto Him that smiteth them ; neither do they seek the Lord of Hosts.' Mr Ramsay had improved tho dinpensa t'en of tho drought the previous evening at the) weekly prayer meeting. The attendauco yeBterday was remarkably good, considering that in conse- - ouence of tho arrangement for the duy not having ? been lenown to tho pastor, tho services wero only resolved on tbo night beforo. st. rETEn's cnujicn. The Rev. Mr Huudfield preached to a largo CQK givgation in the morning, taking for his text tho 18th verse of tho 1st Book of Kings, obap. xvii-: — ' Art thon como unto mo to call my sina to remem brance and to slay my son.' He said — The na tural instinct that associated Buffering with sio waa io itself a righteous and justlone ; and it bore wit u'ss against a materialism which was crushing to the spirit, but it needed itself to be guurded from ' being iguornntly aud Buperstitionsly interpreted. Tbe holy scriptures, both in tbe Old und New Tes taments, justified the feeling, and guarded us against its abuse. While wo did right in bumbling our selves hefore God on account of tho drought, wo wero not snperBtitiously to atlributo it to causes with which it had 110 connection. Some maintained that the absence of rain was- caused by the operation of lawa which wero perfectly independent of the con dnov. of men. But while this was truo, it. beeomea tbe duty ')f men to study tho laws of the universe ; ? ? ? aud so they would learn bow those laws wero bene ficial to man. Tho colony would not have Builired from drought if men had sufficient forethought an3 patienca to Btoro water in the countiy. 1 he first work thnt we wore called upon to do wan to set nbont making such provision, and to repent of tho onrelessness which bnd neglected it. If that work wns retarded by jealousies and equabbleB, by private selfishness that grudged tbo outlay, wo rauet repent of those divisions and that private sel lishnesH. Wo bud no right to cburgo upon God's providence evils which, by our own forethonght, wo might nvoid nnd remedy. And, as a somewhat kindro:! subject, if wo ure content to ullow Melbourne) to continuo undrnincd, tho |.es;ilenco tlmt may ensno wonld bo God's judgment upni our negleot of cleanliness and sanitary reform. But, pnblic neglect was but, after nil, the expansion aud aggregate of private selfishness. Every man w;if cnllcd, by this jndgment, to find out tbc plague of hia owu henrt. The drought and the fr.st break in upon cur summer brightness nud our Cnristmas rejoicings ; it wns to tench ns to break in upon the ordinary tenor of our lives, and ejcaraino ourselves, whether wo had not beon living too mffoh according to routine, too little in trtio communion with tho Father of our spirits; following a low standard of conventional lightenusiii'SR, instead bf tuking the perfect life of tho Lord Jesus as our pattern, nnd seeking to be iufomidl with His spirit and followthe steps of His life. And iu 0110 particular did this fust day specially cull ns to bo followers of Him, by preaching glad tidings in woids acd in uoerta to tnu poor. Let thin be our fast, day, to deal our bread to tl.e hungry, and bring tbo poor thataro cast out to our house. So shall the Lord satisfy our Ho'nl in drought, and ruuko us to be like springs df water whose waters fail not. In tho evoning the rev. gentleman took for liia text Joel, 2nd cbnpter, verses 12 to 19, being portion of the morning's epistle. There was a fuir attend ance, nnd the morni.g and evening offertory for tho Mel bourn 0 Ladies' Benevolout Society amounted to £18 3j. wksley ciiup.ch, lonsdale-stneet. ; Prayers were offered np in this church at an early hour in tbo morning, Tno congregation assembled ah tbo nsnal h inr of morning service, whon tho Rev. Sir Egglestoue road tho 14th chapter of Je remiah, relating to the drought, for which Judah mourned and tbo cry of Jerusalem went up. Ho pointed out that there wns n striking ^itniliirity bo t,«-een our own cuse a-ul the dearth which Jererciah prayed might be removed, und contended that theso judgments were for onr discipline. Tho diaooni'so ?vas upon tho first and second vorses of the f-7th Psalm, ' Tho Lord reignoth, let. the enrth rpjoice; let tha multitude of isles bo glad ther./of. Cloudo and darkness are round nbont him, righteoiisin sa nnd judgment are tbo habitation of bis throne, ' nnd ho dwelt briefly upon the universality, obscurity nnd righteousness of Divine Providence, which ordained ail things for tho best, how«ve.r thoy nii«ht bu oon eiilered by fallible creatures sore' afflictions' (hat hail befallen them. Tho services were extemporised, . as it was not intended to have done more than hold . morning and evening prayer mpetiiifiH, special servioe3 having a month previously been held by the denomination throughout tho colony, for reliof from tho protrao'ed dron^ht. Finding the congregation disposed to asaemblo for a moriiin\; service the minister improved the opportunity. A prayer moot in;; waa held iu tbe evening. BAPTIST CHArEL, ALBEllT-BTREET. The congregation of the Rev. Isaac Now'* chape v trembled for morning devotion; and.the luijajnl ' elders 'united together in offering op prayer to the Throne of Grace that the earth might be refreshed with rain, and the thirety land he gladdenedwith water. No service was held uu»il the evening, when the Rov. Isaac Now delivered a discourse upon the 18th verse of the fifth chapter of James:— ' Afli he prayed again avid the Heavens Rave rain, nnd_ the earth brought forth fruit.' Tho rev. gentleman defended tho belief that the prayera of the righteous wero not without avail f There was a largo congregation. KT. FIUSCIS'S CHUr.CH, UWSDALESTT.r.r.T. Tho ordinary services of the day wero held at this church, and there was a large attendance of worship pers. BEyI'mR TAYI.On'S OOMIXS-STItnET HAl'TIST CHURCH, There was co service at this church in the morn ing A prajcr meeting wa3 held in the evening, at which there was a very large attendance, a:id special prayers were offered up for rain. Tim sYNAQoaunt Xliis place of worship was moro densely tbrongod than on any previous occasion since its erection, by a mixed assemblage of followers of the Hebrew and Christian faiths, the latter constituting a very considerable) proportion of tho audience. Tho servico was performed by the Rov. A. B. Davies, of Sydney, who delivered ru elaborate disconrse in vinjlication of tho custom of offering np prayors for rain in seasons of .'rought. The practice- is one of frequent recurrence amongst tho Jewish people, and it has always been tho rule on euch occasions to present to the syuagoguo a money offering for the relief of the destitute ijovlion of the community, to bo distributed r-y tho governing body of tho synagogue. To provide this otfeiins a collection was made, yesterday, and a sum of ubout £200 was raised, ftuil duly handed over to tho authorised re cipients, in trust for those to whoso use it will ulti mately be applied. 