OPENING OF THE EXHIBITION. The third Melbourne Exhibition of natural products and works of art was formally opened by His Excellency the Governor at noon yesterday, in the presence of a large concourse of ladies and gentlemen. The first of these now familiar gatherings took place in 1854, anticipatory of the Paris Exhibition held in the following year. It was a creditable display for the period ; and the fact of a light and presentable structure of wood and glass having been erected for the purpose added to the enthusiasm which the occasion evoked. The collection of articles consti- tuted, however, rather a bazaar than an exhibition, in the modern sense of the term, most of them having been supplied by fancy goods men and general importers. Native produce was but poorly represented, and out of the entire list of exhibitors only thirty- six were in a position to contribute to the Australian court at the Paris international gathering. The Exhibition held In 1861 was a great improvement on its predecessor, the articles exhibited of local growth and manufacture being numerous and interest- ing. The building constructed in 1854, with the addition of an annexe nearly as large as itself, was used for housing this collection. The affair was an undoubted success here, and resulted in the Victorian court achieving a position of proud pre-eminence at the Lon- don gathering of 1862. It was declared by the compiler of the Illustrated Catalogue for that exposition that " a more extensive and varied collection had never before been sent from any British colony to Europe." These two events, however, though notable in Melbourne annals, sink into insignifi- cance when compared with the magnificent undertaking which was yesterday inaugu- rated. Both in conception and execution our third Exhibition stands out as a grand and peculiar one. For the first time, the various colonies of Australasia meet in friendly com- petition at an independent gathering. It has been many months in preparation, and the interest attaching to it has gradually increased, as exhibition after exhibition, in preparation for the central one, has been held in the large provincial towns of Victoria and the capitals of the neighbouring colonies. The response to the invitation issued by the Victorian Commission, though for a time in some quarters doubtful, has been a satisfac- tory one, and Melbourne may well feel gra- tified at the triumphant result. Whoever may have originated the idea of holding an intercolonial exhibition, to Go- vernment and Parliament belong the credit of having promptly adopted It, and taken steps to insure its realisation. The Commis- sion nominated for the purpose was appointed a year ago—viz., on the 27th October, 1865— and consisted, in the first instance, of the following gentlemen:—Sir Redmond Barry, Hon. George Harker, Hon. G. P. Verdon, Hon. J. F. Sullivan, Sir James Palmer, Hon. C. J. Jenner, M.L.C.; Hon. Wm. Degraves, M.L.C. ; Sir Francis Murphy, Messrs. S. H. Bindon, M.L.A.; J.C. Riddell, M.L.A.; J. T. Smith, M.L.A.; Edward Cope, M.L.A.; Rev. J. J. Bleasdale, D.D.; Thomas Black, Ferdinand Mueller, F.R.S.; Professor M'Coy, Phipps Turnbull, Charles E. Bright, T. J. hmner, and Robert M'DougalL Mr. J. G. Knight, who from his previous experience in connexion with the Victorian Exhibition of 1861, the London Exhibition of 1862, and the Dublin Exhibi- tion of 1865, was generally regarded as the fittest for the work, was made secretary to the commission, to which the following names were subsequently at various times aied :— Count de Castelnau, Hon. J. Macgregs. Hon. W. M. K. Vale, MeBßrs. Wm. Bayles, jt.L A., James Harrison, and William Williao. It was speedily perceived that the structure which had served for the previous exhibitions would be utterly inadequate to accommodate the collection which the various colonies might be expected to bring together and one of the first important acts of(?) the commission was to decide on uniting with the trustees of the Public Library in erect- ing an edifice worthy of the occasion and suitable for the requirements of a museum after the temporary purpose had been served(?) As a consequence of this resolution, (?) have the building which has now been opened to the public. Excepting in so far as the plan of this structure is concerned, Mr. Reed the architect, has enjoyed but little opportunity of displaying his taste. Only the foundations and lower walls of the great hall and octagon are permanent ; the superstructure of wood, which though capable of sus- taining its position for many years ad- mits of no elaborate architectural embelish ment. The result is that the exterior of the pile is as ugly as was the monster shed which Captain Fowkes constructed for the last London show, and the beauty of the interior is solely owing to its large size and the elegant decorative colouring which has been laid upon it. The name of the gentlemen - Mr. E. T. Bateman-who has accomplished this portion of the work deserves to be re- membered wherever any interest in the suc cess of this Exhibition is felt. Even if filled with all the rich exhibits which the colonies could contribute, the large room and octa- gonal hall owe one-half their charm to the delicate and harmoniously-blended colours upon which the eye rests when lifted to the upper part of the walls and to the roof. The buildings occupied by the Exhibition consist of the great hall in which the ma...(?) fancy-dress ball was held, a spacious octa(?) leading to it from the Public Library, (?) open-air courts on each side of the octagon, a northern wing contain the machines, a southern wing devoted to the pictures, and a large iron annexe entered from the central hall by a sh(?) covered way, and leading direct into Russell street. In addition to these, there are unoccupied portion of the garden in the rear of the building, which will speed... wear a more ornamental aspect that it now presents, and the basement under- neath the picture-gallery set apart chi(?) as dining-hall and refreshment-rooms but also with cellars devoted to the exhibi- tion of preserved meats, wines, beers, &c.; of which there is a fine collection. When it remembered that the central hall is 2 feet long and 82 feet in breadth, and th(?) the rest of the structure is built on no limit scale, the amount of space at the disposal the commission is seen to be considerably Large as it is, however, it has been found insufficient, and in many in- stances the goods have had to be crowded together in a way that scarcely deals justice to their handsome appearance. H(?) this has boen unavoidable. As is too fre- quently the case in enterprises of this kind the exhibits have been crowded in at the last moment, rendering the process of arrange- ment extremely difficult. At the da(?) originally fixed by the commission as (?) limit for the receipt of applications for space very few had come in ; it therefore became necessary to extend it from time to time until at length applicants became almost more numerous than welcome, and the de- cided success of the undertaking was assured. This lateness of entry, however, has led I some confusion, both as regards position in the rooms and accuracy ia the cata- logues. These latter havo been very neatly printed by Mesara. Blundell nnd Ford; but Inasmuch as the circumstance to which we have referred has caused entries to be made of goods which are not repre- sented, and gooda to be present which aie not catalogued, a corrected edition will have to be speedily issued. Before proceeding to give a detailed ac- count of the opening, and such description of the exhibits asa first inspection renders poBBible, we would briefly refer to the brilliant scene which set off yesterday's ceremonial. To those who had seen the hall on the previous evening, the aspect it presented produced a surprise which can only be fit- tingly characterised by tho use of Dominie Sampson's favourite word, " Prodigious." Notwithstanding that the men under Mr, Knight's charge had been working for the preceding two weeks with a vigour untiring, Tuesday witnessed a spectacle of confusion vhich seemed hopeless. One night, without (he aid of fairies, had accomplished wonders. I golden pyramid reared its' crest to the roof, v,here before had been vacancy; ugly half Hushed trophies had grown into things of biauty ; bannorB, before huddled together out of sifht, hung in proper order, eyesores of parti- tions had disappeared, discovering long unen- cumbered viBtas, empty cases had become full orna-in short, a vast lumber-room had been tunedintoasplendidly- appointedbazaar. By haltpast ten all this waa completed, At eleven, the season ticket-holders began to stream intothe building ; and at twelve, when His Excilency the Governor, accompanied hy Lad jand the Misses Manners Sutton, entered, and llie excellent orchestra in the gallery etruci np tho National Anthem, the roomlwas crowded. It is not too much to sa) that a finer sight has never been witnesed in Australia. The centre of the buildiig, occupied by the decorated dais and its apiroaches, and ulled with the well dresBedthrong, to whom the privilege of entra had beet accorded, the rest of tho floor of the room, ye'moro densely packed, the pruttilj arrangée courts, each with its distinctly« banner ; he elegant trophies and crystal oma ments, md the fine expanse of lofty roof made up \ scone which we venture to asseri lew colones have ever beheld, and the effeci of which o those present waa heightened bj the grand nusic of the " Hallelujah Choras,' pealing though the hall. THE INAUGURAL CEREMONY. The ceremony of inauguration WBB carried through fe}Í!Ítously from first to lost. The lowering slj reduced the crowd of on-lookera at the chlsf outrance to the lowest point public curiosity would permit, but then the several hupdreds who were there were enough to live the street the cheerful air BO much required on occasions of the sort. A sufficient buy of police were by, to secure order, and they did their work efficiently. By eleven dclock there was a press at the doors to obttin admission, but it was never very violent.^hanks to the excellent arrange monts. Drawi up at the entrance by which the GovernorjwaB to enter WBB a guard of honour, composed of about 120 volunteers, belonging to tie East Melbourne, Ernerald hill, St. Kildd and Metropolitan Artillery Corps, and th| Melbourne and North Mel- bourne, Carltoi, Collingwood, East Colling- wood, Richmore, and Southern Rifles, under the command ^f Lieutenant-Colonel Mair. Inside the building the spectacle wassplondid. The hall waa di\|ded by portable barriers into three compartments. The centre waa for tha inaugural ceremcpy, and only those who had special cardB of ynlrct were admitted to it. Other ticket- holders had ingress to the spaces on either side, which were quite filled, and about 1,500 persons were witnesses of the proceedings. In tils central area had arisen during the night tie pyramid of gold repre- senting the amouit of the precious metal which had been obtained in Victoria, and its dimensions since 1861 had greatly increased. Opposite, on the western side, was the dais, oa which were seats forHlsExcelienoy andfamily, and it was surmounted by tho elegantly painted banner of the Brunswick Munici pality, on which the Boyal arms is pourtrayed. Bound about floated other similar banners, whose general beauty threw into most dis- agreeable contrast ona of those coarse imita- tions of the Royal standard which are gene- rally to be found on Government buildings on Btate occasions. Towards noon, the ap- pointed hour, tho groups grew laiger and closer, and among those present were the fol- lowing commissioners, Whose late president, Sir Redmond Barry, wai absent:-Sir Francis Murphy, thellon.Minisier of Justice, the Hon. George Harker, the Eon. C. J. Jenner, M.L O. the Hon. TV. Degraves, M.L.O., the Rev. Dr. Eleaedale, Dr. T. Black, Dr. Mueller, Pro- fessor M'Coy, tho Count de Castelnau (consul for France), the Con. Minister of Mines, the Hon. Commissioner of Public Works, Mr. W Bayles, M.L.A. (mayor of Melbourne), Mr. C. E. Bright, Mr. W. Williams (mayor of Mel- bourne elect), Mr. R. M'Dougall, Mr. J. T Smith, M.L.A., Mr. P. Turnbull, Mr. J. O. Kiddell, M.Jj.A., Mr. James Harrison, and Mr. B. Cope, M LA. Besides, there were Brigadier-General Carey, commander of the forces, and his staff officers, Colonel Tupper and Major Buchanan; the Hon. Chief Secretary, the Hon. Minister of Lands, the Hon. Commissioner of Customs, also commissioner for Southland. His Honour Mr. JuBtice Williams, the Bishop of Mel- bourne, who represented the Church of Eng- land; the Rev. W. B. Fletchor, M.A., who represented the Independent Church: and the Rev. J. Omstien and the Rsv. M. Rintel, who represented the Hebrew body (neither the Presbyterian nor any other raligiouB body sent représentatives) ; his Hoaour Judge Pohlman; Dr. Brownies«, vice-chancellor of the Melbourne University ; Mr. J. VV. Ploos Van AmBtel, consul-general for the Nether- lands; Chevalier Giuseppe Biagi, consul for Italy ; M. Adalbert Krnge. consul forPruaaia ; Mr. Cooper, consul for Portugal; Mr. J. B. Were, conBul for Denmark, Oh;li, Brazil, Sweden, and Lubeck ; Mr. Sali Ohve, acting consul for Hamburg, Bremen, and llanover ; Mr. H. Follet, vice-consul for France: Mr. J. Damyon, vice- consul for BuBBia; Mr. .G. Russell and Mr. J. Wilkie, representatives of Now South Wales, and Mr. Dyer, secretary to the commission ; Mr. B. Herschel Babbage, representativo of the South Australian Com- mission ; Mr. R. Walker, mayor of Hobart Town, Mr. Lewis, M.H.A., and Mr, B. B. Nicholson, representatives of the Tasmanian commission ; M. Mathieu, Colonial Secre- tary of New Caledonia, and M. Bou tan, representatives of that colony; Mr. R. H. Bland, who, with Mr. J. B. VVere, waa representative of West Australia; Mt. G. Dun- can (mayor of Ballarat West), who together with the Rev. J. J. Halley, Mr. Cutter, Mr. T. B. Mathews, Mr. St John, Mr. Lçver. Mr. Lorimer, Mr. James, and Mr. ChaB. D. Cuth- bert (hon. secretary), represented the Ballarat Commissioners. Mr. M'Intyre (tntyor of Sandhurst), who with Mr. HoltneB, Mr. Bur- ra WB, and Mr. Groy (bon. secretary), repre- sented the Bendigo commissioners. Colonel Anderson, Commandant of Volunteers ; Captain Norman, of H.M.O.S.S, Victoria; Lieutenant-Colonel Mair, R.N. ; and a large number of members of both branches of the Legislature. It was remarked that only three members of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly were present, viz.-Mr. Macmahon, Mr. G. O. Levey, and Mr. Pearson ; and upon inquiry, it appeared that this nearly general ahsonce waa owing to the conduct of the Government, who had excluded {tom the list of commissioners every one of their poli- tical opponents in Parliament, and that of the commissioners, who had sent ladies' entrée tickets only to certain members of the Upper House and such members of the Assembly as were political fiiends of the Government. There was also preBeul a largo and brilliant assemblage of ladies. A few minutes before twelve, so complete were the preparations, Mr. J. G. Knight, the secretary to the commissioners, ippeared with bound copies of the Exhibition Uatatogue, wot from the printors and lindon, for the more distinguished of those present As noon struck the vice-regal party ar- rived, His Excellency, Lady Manners Sutton, and family appeared at the entrance commu- nicating with the Public Library, and pro- ceeded to the dais. On the moment the baod and choruB of 300 performers, with Mr. C. E. Horsley conducting, commenced the National Anthem, with thrilling effect. It was ar- ranged in harmony and unison, and embel- lished with original instrumental accompani- ments by the conductor, and it pealed grandly through the vast halL As it concluded Sir Francis Murphy, the acting president of the commissioners, who surrounded the dan, stepped forward and read the following address : "To His Excellency the Honourable Sir John Henry Thomas Manne« Sutton, Knight Commander of tbs Most Honour- able Order of the B-iti Governor and Commandor-in-Chief in and over the Colony of Victoria, &c.; " We, the loyal and faithful subjects of Hor Most Gracious Majesty, being the commis- sioners appointed by Her Majesty for ma- naging and conducting all matters relating to and concerning the Intercolonial Exhibi- tion of Industries and Art, now about to be opened, desire to welcome your Excellency on this auspicious occasion, with all dutlfal respect, and to convey to you, as the repre- sentative of our Most GraciouB Majesty, the renewed expressions of our lovalty. " AVe beg to state to your Excellency that, by the munificence of Parliament, we aro now assembled within a hall unequalled in the Southern hemisphere, and which, for extent and accommodation, as well as ex- cellency of workmanship, will, when finished, be a lasting monument of the public spirit of our Parliament and the enterprise of our people. " A repoit in detail of our proceedings will be laid before yon, together with essays illus- trative of our great natural resources and of the social condition of the country, freely contributed by some of the most eminent men in onr community. " It is also our duty to inform your Excel- lency of the cordial manner in which thiB Ex- hibition has been supported by ail classes in this country, and of the Intelligent help which we have received from tho manufac- turers and workmen of every kind, to whoso practical and generous efforts wo are indebted for much of our BUCCOSS ; we desire abo to acknowledge the sorvices of our lato president, Sir Redmond Barry, ia promoting the objects of this Exhibition. " We congratulate your Excollency on the arrival among us of representatives from New Caledonia, being part of the dominions of His Imperial MajeBty the Emperor of the French ; and also of the important city of Batavia, patt of tho dominions of His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, bringing to us the products and manufactures of their respec- tive countries, and pledging themselves to a friendship and brotherhood in the objects of this undertaking. " We further show to your Excellency that by the public spirit, intelligence, and industry of our sister colonies, we have gathered within these walls a collection of natural products proving the richness of their industrial re- sources, and a collection of works of art, manufactures, and machinery exhibiting the genius of their artists and the enterprise and the skill of their workmen, contrasting in friendly competition with our own-all being suggestive of a future time when the Aus- tralian colonies will be great and prosperous states, rivalling European kingdoms in all that la worthy of rivalry, and bound together by a united and loyal affection towards the British crown, as well BB by the blessings of industry and peace. * "We earnestly hope that this Exhibition may be as productive of increased inter- course, of friendly relations, and of all the industrial advantages among these southern coloniee, as exhibitions of a similar kind have been among European nations; being an additional proof, eveu in those southern seas, of the forethought and sagaoity of tire good and illustrious Princo Albert, whose memory will be ever revered, and associated with exhibitions of industry and art. " We now ask your Excellency to declare this Exhibition open, and we fervently pray that under the blessing of Divine Providence it may help oar industries, promote our prosperity, and be a bond of strength and union among the Australian colonies, and the friendly peoples associated with us on the present occasion." Ho olso handed to His Excellency the follow- ing: BBPORT OP THE ORGANISATION COMMITTEE. "On the 27th October, 1865, a Royal Com rnission was issued by His Excellency Sir Charles Darling, appointing certain gentle- men to act as commissioners for carrying out the arrangements for an Intercolonial Exhi- bition ; they have now the honour to furnish your Excellenoy with the following report of their proceedings : "The first matter that claimed their atten- tion was to find suitable accommodation for tho proposed undertaking ; and it was decided at one of the earliest meetings of the com- missioners that it would be inadvisable to expend funds upon additions to the old Exhi- bition-building in WiUiam-street, but that proposals Bhould be made to the trustees ol the Public Library for collectively employing those placed by Parliament at the disposal ol each for the erection of buildings which alter the close of the Exhibition, would form an addition to and be made available foi purposes in connexion with the Public Library. "The architect, Mr. Joseph Reed, formed the design, which resulted in the construe tion of tnis magnificent hall; and the com' mlstloners wore fortunate in obtaining the services of Mr. E. T. Bateman to superintend the work of decoration, which ho has per formed so ably. " The buildings ware commenced as soor as possible and speedily finished. " The great hall, in which there is so larg« an assemblage, is 220 feet in length a ne eigbty-two in breadth, containing 17,200 su purficial feet; the rotunda, 3,000; the nortt and south wings, 1,260 superficial feet each, "Owing to the numerous applications foi space by intending oxhibitora, tho buildingi were found inadequate to meet tho demand and it was therefore deemed advisable bj the commissioners to erect the eastern annexe containing 7,800 superficial foot ; and ever subsequently to Increase its size by 3,00( Buperficial feet, extending the roof to th< entrance-gate at Ruesell-strcet, giving a grane total of 39,500 superficial teet. " It WQB thought desirable to divide thi objects for exhibition into six great classes : Mineral products, animal products, agricul tu ral with horticultural and indigenoui vegetable products, manufactures and thi useful arts, the ornamental arts, and ma chinery. "A committee of gentlemen waB appointee to take special charge of each class, ant cordial thanks aro duo to those gentlemen who* have devoted much of their valuabli time and attention in the successful carryini out of the project. "Sub-committees were then formed foi arranging the details, and the dufcieB whicl have hitherto devolved upon them have beal cheerfully undertaken, and we have no doub they will still use their utmost exertions fo tho eventual succeBS of the undertaking. "The great hall and adjoining rotunda ar dovotcd to the purpose of displaying man; nnd various articles of the greatest interesl To enumerate them all here is impossible, bu special notice should be taken of the cottee tion of minerals, comprising a great variety c the most valuable description. " The specimens of precious stones will b doubtless viewed with much interest, cn] lected through the onergy of the Bev. Di Bleasdale. Gold and silver, in their natura B1 ato and refined, will be found in a case coe Btructod of various colonial woods. Th banks in Melbourne have kindly placed at th disposal of the commissioners valuable spec: mens, whilst from the various mining dil tricts beautiful collections of quartz intei mixed with gold have been foiwardad. "A pyramid is shown, constructed by th energotio secretary of the commission, M Knight, illustrative of the quantity of goh the production of Victoria, from tho year 185 till a recent date. This structure is intends for transmission to Paris, to be placed In tb Exhibition-building there. "That the great reputation Victoria ha earnod in the production of wool is we deserved is evinced by the samples now i this building. . , "The local exhibitions hold since lal harvest, asBÍBÍed by the agiicultural socletie of Victoria, havo afforded the commisslonei au opportunity of obtaining the best an most varied Raraples of grain. From the excellent quality thoy will comparo favou ably with the production of any othi country. "Wines made in Victoria aro much use throughout the colony, being peculiarly suit« for these climates; tho character of Austr lion wine is well represented In this Exh wti0u' - "The specimens of indigenous woods, at their products, collected by Dr. Mueller, d servo particular attention; time alone required to ascertain the commercial value the products of our forests, and if adapted f ornamental or other purposes. "Models of frulto and vegetables, from ti beauty of their size and colour, the exact i presentation of nature, point to the excel- lence of oar climate and soil. "The organisation of variouB local ex- hibitions throughout the colony has been of much service and assistance, for to the un- wearied exertions of the local committees the commissioners are greatly indebted. "Products from the exhibitions held at Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, Beech- worth, &c;, have separate courts allotted to tbem in this hall ; and complete collections have been presented from the districts of Wangaratta, Dunolly, Clunes, St. A»naud, and others. Our sister colonies, New South Wales, Queensland, South Australia, Western Australia, Tasmania, and New Zealand are worthily represented by most complete collections of the various products and manufactures, an evidence of the richness of their resources and the enterprise of tbeir populations. Special commissioners, as repre FontativeB, have been Bent to attend this Exhibition, and have been for some weeks past actively engaged in arranging the various exhibits collected either through the liberality of their respective Governments or private means. " The north wing has been sot apart for the arrangement of various kinds of machinery; and in order that nothing may he wanting to make this important department perfect, three engines, of twenty, sixteen, and four borse power each, are erected in the adjacent conrt, to afford the necessary motive power. " The Bonth wing is intended for the exhi- bition of paintings ; in it will be found many of excellent execution and of much value, comprising amongst others the valuable col- lection belonging to the colony hitherto ex- hibited in the Public Library. " In the open courts will bo observed foun- tains of the most beautiful and novel de- scriptions, which will add much to the success of the flower shows intended to be held from time to time, and arrangements for which have been made with tho Horticultural Society of Victoria. " Pipes from the Yan Yean Water Reservoir have been laid all over the buildings, so as to allay all apprehension of accident from fire ; and an abundant supply of water will be forthcoming for all purposes. . "In the eastern annexe will, be lound car- riages of all descriptions manufactured in Victoria, and it Is believed they will contrast favourably with those of any other, country in the world, both with respect to workman- ship and durability. In thiswortton of the building will bo found also maw other arti- cles of themoBt interesting naturi; andgtten tion ia directed to the coUectionjfcf war mate- rial courteously placed at the dsnosal of the commissioners-one interestlng^kceptlon to the general colonial character of tke Exhibi- tion. Much information, in the 'form of es.=ays, has been provided by gentlemen in public departments, and ordered for publica- tion ; and it is intended that these works shall aleo be published in the French language. "Mr. Brough Smyth, of the Mining depart- ment, has kindly furnished a lengthened de- scription of the mineral resources of the colony. Professor M'Coy, professor of natural science in the Universltjrof Melbourne, makes a learned report upon recent and fossil Eoology. Mr. Selwyn, Government geologist, has presented a full and elahorato treatise upon the physical geography, geology, and minoralogy of Victoria, Dr. Mueller, our scientific botaniBt, a varied essay upon botany and the general vegetation of the Australian continent. Mr. Ellery, the Go- vernment astronomer and director of the meteorological department, gives a most interesting description respecting the atmos- pheric changes of our climate and other observations made at the Melbourne Ob- servatory. Mr. Archer full and olaborate statistics of the colony. " Lists of jurors are now in course of pre- paration, and ere long the perhaps most difficult and laborious work will be com- menced, namely-awarding to those who merit it a distinction earnestly hoped for by all exhibitors. "A medallion ha3 been designed by Mr. Summers, both chaste and simple, which it ia intended to attach to a handsome decorated card to be presented to those considered worthy by the jurors of this distinction. " It has been tho object of the commissioners BO to classify and arrange the various exhibits that each article may be distinctly shown. " The cataloguo haB been compiled with the greatest care, and contains the fullest infor- mation. " Rejoiced indeed are all in affording a hearty welcome to the commissioners who visit us with exhibits from the French co- lony of New Caledonia-a happy proof thal the amicable arrangements existing between the mother countries extend to these remote colonies in the southern hemisphere. " The Dutch colony of Java honours Vic- toria in having accepted the invitation, ano is present in this Exhibition ; and from the varied sam pies of produce it ia to be hoped material commercial advantages will accrue to both. "The commissioners have to notice with profound regret the absence of their late pre- sident, Sir Redmond Barry, to whose zeal support, and untiring activity much of the success of this great undertaking is attribut- able. " In conclusion, they hope that the Inter colonial Exhibition, in some degree prepara tory to tho arrangements for forwarding cer- tain productions to Paris for the Exhibitior to be held there in 1867, may in its result prove beneficial, not only to Victoria, but thi whole of Australasia, and bear a favourabh comparison with the Exhibition of 18Cl,whicl was held for the purpose of showing in Lou don, in 1S62, the various industries and pro doctiona of this country ; and may become i new starting point, from which more intimât social and commercial relations may arise. " By order of the committee, " CHAULES EDWAUD BRIGHT, Chairman." His EXCELLENCE ropiied as follows (raisini his voice to be heard throughout the greate part of the building) : " Sir FranciB Murphy and Gentlemen of th Commission, " It is in the first instance my pleasing dut; to offer to you my acknowledgements for thi expression of your loyaity to our Queen, anc in thanking you for the welcome which yot have on this auspicious aatpaiop tendered ti me as Her Mojesty's representative I wish ti asBUre you that I am very sensible of the un wearied energy and zeal which you and you late president. Sir Redmond Barry, have dis played in the performance of tho dutie entrusted to the commission, and that it i most gratifying to mo to take part in a cere mouy which announces the successful com pletlon of your preparatory labours. " This Exhibition, gentlemen, is intendet for the instruction as well as tho atnusemen and gratification of those who visit it. I will, I trust, confer material advantages a well as honour on those who havo contribute! to the treasures which it displays, and it will I am confident, promote increased intorcours and feelings of friendly sympathy betweei the communities and individuals who hav united in this combined effort to obtain ex cellenca for themselves, and improvement fo ail by a frank and free competition here witl their neighbours, and subsequently in Pari with the industry and skill of the world. "Such, gentlemen, ore, I conceive, th primary objects of tho promoters and con tributara to this Intercolonial Exhibitior I rejoice to learn that New Caledonia ou Batavia have associated themselves with u for tho attainment of these objects ; and unite with you in offering to tbeir ropreser tatlvoB, as well as to those of our sister cole nies, a cordial and hearty welcome. " It is no part of my duty on this occasio to endeavour to designate or select fror among the exhibits any particular article, c collection of articles, for special approval o attention. But I should do injustice to yoe as woll as to my own feelings, if I did ne avail myself of this opportunity of exproBBin to you, and through you to the architects, m high appreciation of the beauty of tho desig for this magnificent hall, and of Its rumurl; able excellence iu an architectural point i viow as well as for the extent of the accon modation which it provides. " And I may observe that the fact that th Exhibition-hall and the Public Library fon partB of the same building affords, as appears to me, a peculiarly apt illustration > the closeness of the connexion between ii duBtrial progress and scientific research, "If, gentlemen, we turn to the gold-fieli of this colony, where the introduction of ic proved machinery and new chemical app' anees hos in a very limited period produci such marked results, wo shall probably di cover there the most conclusive proof all'ordi in this part of the world of the truth ai practical importance of this maxim. " But it is in reality applicable to all i dustrial pursuits, here as elsewhere ; and trust that this Exhibition will be, as each tboso which have preceded it has been, ti prelude, as well as au incentive, to an i creased knowledge and appreciation of the laws of science and nrt by which industry taught to select tho paths loading dlïbctly success, as regards the extent and lutnut rative character as well as thu beauty of productions. "Wo may, gentlemen, woll feel gratifi at being enabled, by the blessing of P vldeuce, to display on this occasion n proofs of the unsurpassed, if not unequal! richness of our natural resources, and to point to the past as a period of rapid indus- ; trial progress and improvement. " But it should bo remembered that it is only in connexion with and as it boars upon the futnre that tho true and full value of the past can be ascertained and tested ; and while we are entitled, with feelings of humble gratitude to the source from whom all real Buccess is derived, to regard this Exhibition as a trophy commemorating industrial vic- tories already achieved, and an industrial position already attained, I invite yon to regard it also as affording the Btartlng-point from which we should direct our exertions for the future. And in this invitation I bring before your notice, almost in his own wordß, the teaching of that Illustrious Prince who3o genius, no less benevolent and practical than comprehensive and philosophical, originated and elaborated the idea from which .this and all other Bimilar exhibitions have sprung, and to whose preeminent services in' the cauBO of scientific and artistic industry you have already, in your address, offered your tribute of well-merited veneration and grati- tude. " Gentlemen,-I unite with you in the fer- vent prayer that, by the blessing of the Almighty, this Exhibition may conduce to the material prosperity of each of the commu- nities whose industries are represented ia it, and promote friendly sympathy and mutual co-operation between all. And, in accordance with your request, I now declare It to be open, 2áth October, 18GG." The musical part of the ceremony, which was mostly of a religious character, then began. First was Bung, by the performers before-mentioned, the Old Hundredth Psalm, also arranged for tho occr.nion by Mr. Horsley, which was given with great steadiness, and listened to with reverence mixed with plea- sure. Handel's Hallelujah Chorus followed, and was heard with evident interest and delight, as it set forth in triumphant tones the joyous and thankful feeling that naturally prevailed. The performance concluded with a grand march composed by the conductor for the occasion. In describing it we cannot now go into detail, but believe it will be ad- mitted by the initiated to rank with the best compositions of our time. It was performed by the band with care and zeal, and elicited load applause at its conclusion. It will not be out of place to state here that Mr. D. Lee ably presided at the new organ, and Mr. E. King took the principal violin with his usual judgment and precision. The organ was built by Mr. Fincham, of Richmond, and when completed will be the largeBt instrument in the colony. At present, however, only the "swell" organ has been constructed, the great organ and choir organ being wanting. In its existing Btate it has only one key-board, but it has boen built so BB to allow the introduction of a second and third, when the other ranks of pipes are added. The swell, BB finished, possesses the following stops :-Opon diapason, stopt diapa- son, dnlciana, principal, claribell», flute, twelfth, fifteenth, and sesquiáltera, the last acting upon three ranks of pipes. There is, in addition a very powerful pedal diapason (16ft.) The commissioners, we understand, have only made arrangements to pay for the use of the organ in its present state for eight concerts, and it is probable that the instrument will not be completed until purchased. It may ba mentioned that all the materials used in tho work, including the " spotted metal " for the smaller pipes, have been manufactured by Mr. Fincham, who haB every reason to be proud of the work. The '.inauguration was now over. Oheers were heartily given for the Exhibition, the Queen, and the Governor, and in a few minutes the barriers were removed, and the company spread all over the building. Up to the latter part of the afternoon, 1,737.persons holding season tickets had passed at the doorB. THE VICTORIAN" COURTS MAIN HALL. The centre and left side of the main hall are occupied entirely by Victorian products. The display in those courts is extensive and varied. It is natural that the wealthiest and most populous of tho colonies should' he the largest contributor to the exhibition ; and besidee, the circumstance that the under- taking has its seat in Melbourne, affords facilities to a cla6S of exhibitors who could not afford to reach a more distant scene. With all the advantages which Victorian exhibitors possess, the display In the hall indicates a great amount of energy and public spirit. Many of tho exhibitors have gone to an almost lavish expense in fitting up cases for the ex- hibition, and the extent and variety of the industries represented prove how much, within the last few years, the resources of tho colony have developed. On entering the hall one of the most strik- ing objects which presents itself is the magni- ficent case of fare, exhibited by Mr. Gardner, of Collins-street. Tho caso itself, which is one of large size, and constructed with great taste, is made of Australian pine. Surmount- ing it at both ends are the Australian arms, composed of the eagle, the emu, and the kan- garoo. The sides of tho case are coated over with kangaroo skins, with a tiger skin in the contre on one Bide and a leopard on tUo other. The display of furs is very rich and completo, embracing rugs, ladies' furs, boas, &c;, made from kangarooB, wallabies, opossums, native cats, flying squirrels, &c;, The different arti- cles are made up with great elegance and finish, and form an admirable repertoire of this interesting department of native produc- tion. Some of the rugs are very fine. One is composed of the skin of the black and whito opossum; and BO rare ÍB the animal that it has taken about six years to collect the sklnB of which tho piece is made. Another very fine rug is made of the skin of the native cat, bordered with that of the tiger cat of Tasmania ; and another one is composed, in ni ter na to squares, of tho Tasmanian grey and Victorian black opossum. Tha show of ladies' fura is also very extensivo, A very curious article in this collection is a stand made of kangaroo claws. It begins with the largo claws of the " old man," aud ascendB with claws of gradually diminishing size till it reaches that of the "small Jooy," and the finishing point is made of tooth. Thura is another stand, made in tho same way, sup- porting a number of .Victorian birdB. Per napa, however, the most remarkable article in this collection is a table cover, manufactured in a manner which, wo venture to say, is de- cidedly original. On a surface of groon cloth is laid out the plumage of bet ween soventy and eighty birds, embracing representatives of the most gorgeous members of the feathered tribes that frequent the Australian woods. The beauty and effect of the table covor may therefore be easily imagined,,' though no doubt it ÍB an article moro ornamental than useful. Mr. Gardner also exhibits two seal skins, one dressed and the other un- dressed; the dressed ekln is as soft and velvety as the finest down. Tho procosa of dressing the skin is a somewhat long and laborious one, all the hairs being pulled out of the skin and the fur left. The ladies' muffs, cushions, &c;, made of tho down of the black swan aro extremely good, and tho same may bo said of the casings for ladleB' feet when travelling. Mr. Gardner also shows very good BpecimonB of Btuffed kangaroos, wallabies, birds, &c.; Mr. Henry Hart, of Collins-street, also exhibits a oaso of furs, which, though not nearly so large as the one we havo just noticed, contains a very good display of articles of its class. Tho show made by Mr. Green, of Gertrude-street, in the same class is very creditable. Immediately on entering the hall, on the left side, is the medieval court, nearly all the contributions to which are furnished by Mr. John Young, contractor. The great majority of the articles are made of wrought iron, at Mr. Young's establishment in Bourke-street, and are remarkable for the lightness and finish of their workmanship. The object has been, as far as possible, to represent the different ornaments of the interior of a mediæval church. On the altar is a richly decorated tabernacle, surrounded with highly finished candlesticks. On each side are a number of figures in statuary, representing the Virgin and Child, St. John and St. Thomas and St. Theresa. On the roof are several of the carved finures intended for St. Patrick's Cathedral. The fonts are very good specimens of workmanship. One, from a design by Mr. Wardell, is surrounded with a rich tracery of flowors, and is remarkable for the mingled simplicity and elegance of its design. The communion railing is made of wrought-iron standards, with brass spindles, and the processional torches are exceedingly tasteful. In the court is a number of alms- boxes, sable crosses, chandeliers, and other articles made on the mediæval type. The wrought-iron flower-work, executed by Mr. Samuel Arch, foreman to Mr. Young, is wrought out with great taste. At the interior side of the mediæval de- partment, Messrs. Ferguson, Urie, and Lygon, glass-stainers, North Melbourne, exhibit an early-English chancel, decorated in a highly artistic style. In the centre of the ceiling is the Agnus Dei, surrounded with inscription and Gothic clouds. Radiating from this are twelve panels, each containing an emblem of the twelve apostles. The walls are neatly dispered. Over the altar-table is an illu- minated oil painting of the " Last Supper," on each side of which are illuminated tablets of the Commandments, Creed, and Lord's Prayer. The windows, five in number, are of stained glass, and illustrate the Nativity, Passion, Crucifixion, Resurrection, and Ascen- sion, intended for the Episcopalian Church at Casterton. Over the windows ia the scripture text, " Blessed be the Lord God of Israel, for ho bath visited and redeemed His people." In the mediæval court, the same firm exhibit a variety of stained glass windows, the prin- cipal of which are a Salvator Mundi, a memo- rial, and a heraldic device, besides numerous samples of stained and embossed glass. In embossed plate, they exhibit two samples one with stained borders, and suited for a hall window ; the other a large plate, nine feet by four, for the staircase of Mr. W. J. Greig, of Toorak. In the fine-arts court, they exhibit numerous coloured designs of win- dows they have executed during the past five years. The whole of the articles shown by this firm are made on their own pre- mises, and show avery satisfactory state of art in this department. On the right side of the hall, at entrance, there is a magnificent display of Australian woods, the great majority of which have been collected and named by Dr. Ferdinand Mueller. Dr. Mueller aleo sends a number of contributions from the Botanical-gardens, including the medicinal bark of Victorian sassafras, samples of raw material for the manufacture of paper, samples of Chinese tea, wood, vinegar, and tar, prepared from ten different kinds of wood ; a collection of medicinal herbs, ink made of native sub- stances, &c.; The Central Board for the Pro- tection of the Aborigines exhibit a very large assortment of native weapons, and also specimens of baskets, bags, nets, bonnets, pincushions, &c.;, the work of native hands. The collection is an unusually complete one, and illustrates not merely what the natives were able to make themselves, but also what they have been able to do under European direction. The principal part of the articles exhibited in this department have been for- warded from the different mission stations on the Australian continent. The show of upholstery and furniture is very extensive, and, indeed, contributes one of the very best departments in the exhibition. It proves that in this branch of trade, at least, the colonial manufacturer has learned to vie with the most finished productions of the home producer. Messrs. Beauchamp and Rocke exhibit a very fine suite of bedroom furniture, made of Huon pine. It comprises wardrobe, chest of drawers, toilet-table, basin stand, mirror, and chairs to match. The pine is ornamented with blackwood after a chaste and elegant design, and altogether the workmanship and polish of the articles are of a very superior character. The central door in the wardrobe is composed of plate glass silvered in the colony. At each side of the drawers there are small closets, and in the centre a clock, with a jewel case behind, and a secret drawer opening with a spring. The washhand stand and toilet-table have marble slabs. Messrs. Beauchamp and Rocke also exhibit several mirrors, one of which is of great size and encased in a gilt frame of unusual massive- ness and richness. The same firm contribute a chess chair of a somewhat novel design. It is made nearly in the form of the letter S, with a seat at each end of the letter, and a chess table in the centre. It is elegantly finished, and certainly forms a luxurious seat with which to practice the most absorb- ing of games. Tha suite of furniture was designed by Mr. Rickards, foreman to Messrs. Beauchamp and Rocke. Mr. Whitehead, Collins-street, exhibits a magnificent mir- ror, supported on a side table with marble slab. The design of the table is very elabo- rate, and it is richly gilt. Messrs. Solomon and Co. have a fine suite of drawingroom furniture, in walnut and green cloth. Mr. E. Effey also exhibits a gorgeous assort- ment of drawingroom furniture, in red and gilt, of very elegant and finished workman- shlp. The furniture supplied by Mr. D. M. Crowley, Messrs. Donaldson and Co., and the wardrobes of Mr. R. J. Roberts, made of Huon pine richly ornamented, deserve special mention. The wicker-work chairs and baskets, manufactured by Auguste Wiegmann, are tasteful, and, we believe, novel of their kind. There is a very elegant screen, with flowers worked in silk on satin, by Miss Neighbour. Among the billiard tables, there is a very magnificent one, in the centre of the hall, made by Paser Brothers. It is made of blackwood, with pinewood carvings and ornaments, and altogether ia a very finished piece of workmanship. Two billiard tables are exhibited by Alcock and Co. The beds are made of colonial slate, procured from the Castlemaine quarries in the rough, and ma- nufactured into billiard beds on their pre- mises in Russell-street, where they have fitted up extensive machinery for the purpose of planing, sawing, rubbing, drilling, and level- ling the elate to the greatest nicety. The frames and cushions of the first table are made of handsome figured blackwood, this being the most suitable timber for the pur- pose, in consequence of its solidity and density. The frame is formed of raised panels, and a twist moulding of Huon pine is intro- duced along the centre of the panel. The same design is carried out in the panel of the cushion, thus forming a pleasing contrast. The legs have a very massive appearance, being richly carved, and are fitted with adjusting screws, so that the table can be levelled with the greatest precision. The second table exhibited by them is of a plainer description, although of handsome design. Over the tables are suspended two billliard lamps of elaborate make, designed and manu- factured by Alcock and Co. ; and the marking boards for scoring the games are really hand- some specimens of colonial art. In the centre panel are two dials numbered, so that the game can be scored up to one thousand. Out side the dials, to fill up the panel, is fretwork of Huon pine, giving the whole a very pretty effect. The cue racks are fitted up on hand- some carved stands made to revolve, and capable of holding twenty-one cues. In all departments of apparel, both for ladies and gentlemen, there is a very exten- sive display. King and Sargood exhibit a very handsomely-finished case, containing a rich assortment of gentlemen's wearing ap- parel. Among these may be mentioned the riding habiliments, which are of superior quality and workmanship. They embrace a pair of white doe pants, toffed with silk and embroidery ; several pairs made of Bedford and Bliss cord, of superior cut and finish and also moleskin and serge pants, suitable for stockdrivers, very strongly made. There are several samples of moleskin trousers, of the kind required for bush and mining life which seem to combine the great elements of strength and durability. Trousers of this material have, we believe, never before been made at any other house in town, and are very much in demand, both up the country and in the other colonies. The suits of boys* knickerbockers are very elegant ; the trimmings are tasteful, and the work- manship of the most finished character. The display of sac coats, trousers and vests, is very varied. They embrace every variety of material and style, and the workmanship would do credit to any establishment in the world. The samples of military police, and volunteer trousers, made of material specially imported for the pur- pose, are excellent. The overcoats are very observable for the general character of their style and workmanship. They in- clude the Cambridge Palmerston, and the Albert coats ; and one light overcoat, made of Silesian doe, is admirable in its style, and particularly suitable for the cllmate. The under flannels embrace some materials of superior quality. They are trimmed with great taste, and have double breasts, so as to form chest-preservers as well. The dis- play of Crimean shirts is very large, and em- braces eighteen different styles, the most noticeable of which is one made at the neck and sleeves exactly as a coat; and anothter cut on the model of Ford's Eureka shirt, with a pocket in the side. The linen shirts are also of very excellent character, and for work- manshlp and dressing could not be surpassed. The whole of these articles have been made at Sargood, King, and Sargood's own esta- blishment, under the superintendence of Mr. Anderson. The firm has at work between twenty and thirty sewing machines, and gives employment to about 100 hands. A handsome case of gentlemen's clothing also exhibited by Messrs. Solcberg and Son, of Little Collins-street. Messrs. L. Robinson and Co. exhibit a case of mantles and millinery, embracing many articles richly and elaborately wrought, it collection includeB white satin opera lal mi with deep trollla-work of braid and poarl trimmed with handsome Bilk and pot fringe and ornaments; black volvet paletî richly embroidered in whitei silk and crystal scariet velvet opora jacket, trimmed w11 lappolB of Hoiàton; black Bilk paleto a, 01 trimmed wltk whito lace and satin vSAo, ti otbor with black Maltese flonnco hoad with satin quilting; bluo volvôt Zoua bodice, prnomentod with white frosted vi: leaves, silver tendrils, and bunches grapes formed with pearls; and a very rich Cashmore jacket, trimmed with gold braiding. The case also contains "the imperial bridal bonnet," made on a novel and elegant design. Flowing from the bonnet is a long veil, richly ornamented with Honi- ton Ince and pearls, mounted with feathers and bridal flowers. The design of this bon- net is, we believe, quite a novelty, and is used: in place of a wreath, so that, on removing the veil, the bonnet is left quite perfect. Tho millinery department also includes chapeau Cataline, of delicate blondo lace, with flowers, feathers, and silver arrows; Pom- padour hat, of blonde and flowers ; chapeau Bergère, Bhepberdess hat, of chip, trimmed, feathers: page's hat, of groon velvet, with white plume ; and a few choice wreaths and bouquets. An elegant case is exhibited by Bright and Hitchcock, drapers, Geelong. It embraces a great variety of dresses, man- tles, opera clookB, head dresses, and bonnets. The trimmings and embroldory on some of the mantles are very tasteful and elaborate. Mr. E. Geach bas an extensivo case of gentle- men's ties ; and Messrs. Grover and Baker have a couple of sowing machines, and also a case containing children's drosseB, mantles, &c;, worked by the sewing-machine. Mr. Carter, Emerald-hill, shows a caso containing a number of stamped muslins, including pat- terns of great varioty for crochet work. He also shows a design of his own invention for crochet patterns. In tho case there is a box containing 2,000 cases of stamped muslins. MoEsrs. Long and Co. have a case, contain- ing a number of samples of work done by Wilson and Wheoler's sewing machines. Mrs. Mealy and daughter, Elizabeth-street, show a number of hats made of straw. They are the first, we believe, who havo introduced this kind of work into the colony, and ita execution seoma to bo wonderfully good. A very handsome case of emu feathers is ex- hibited by Mr. John Robertson. They are dyed in every variety of colour, as are also a number of oBtrioh feathers shown by tha same exhibitor. Mrs. Hill, of Bourke-street. has a handsomely fitted-up caso of ladies' and children's undorclothing, &c.; It includes, among other things, a Grecian shirt contain- ing 2,'639 tucks, a tastefully quilted night- dress, and a diamond skirt containing 1,005 tucks. Mrs, Robinson, of Brunswick-street, has also a case of ladies' underclothing worthy of notice. Madame Docourtet exhibits seve- ral good specimens of stays, and also a wax figure of the Empress of the French in opera dress. Mr. T. Henderson, of the Melbourne crinoline manufactory, Spring-Btreet, ex- hibits a case containing three crinollneB of a most elegant description. There is a very good display of hats ; conspicuous among which is the case of Mr. John Galvin, con- taining every variety of " head gear,"' and exhibiting generally great excellence in the workmanship. Messrs. Wallworth and Fletcher hare also very, good caseB of hat«. &c.; There are some remarkably good collections, of colonial-made leather. The most extensivo exhibitors in this department aro Messrs. John Clark and Sous, Ellzabeth-Btreot. On their stand there aro about forty-four different kindsofleather.including almost every variety from the strongest harness loathor to the finest morocco. Messrs. Clark employ up- wards of thirty men at their tan-works, and export leather in large quantities to all the neighbouring colonies and to England. They have distinguished themselvos at former exhibitions, having received a silver cup at the Exhibition in Melbourne of 185-1, a hrst class certificate in 18(11, and a first-class medal at tho London Exhibition in 18G2. Messrs. Brearley Brothers, of Geelong, also exhibit an extensive assortment of all kinds of leather. Somo elogant travelling cases and portmanteaus are sent by PanBacker and Evans, Queen-street. Thero is a very good display of saddlory, and the workmanship is generally finished and elegant. The principal exhibitors in this department are Messrs. Thomas Loader, Kerr, Charles Blanchard, KillminBter, and Pardue, Ballarat. The show in shoomaking Is somewhat ex- tensive, and includes, we wore glad to observe, a groat many articles made from colonial leather. The case oxhiblted by Mr. J. M'Ouigan, 19 Colllns-streot, contains boots and shoes of every variety of style, got up with great taste and variety. Cases of boots and shoes are bhown by the Collingwood boot factory, and Charles Mould and Co,, Melbourne. There is a good display of colonial mado tobacco and cigars. The moat con- spicuous case in this department is that of Owen, Dudgeon, and Arnell, Elizabeth-street It ombraces eixty-thrco different brands of tobacco, made from every variety of leaf, both imported and colonial-grown. It would be impossible to particularise all tho various kinds, but we may mention that there is a very good specimen of aromatic, made from leaf grown at Nunnawaddeo. Messrs. Moss, White, and Co. exhibit a caBo of cigars manufactured in the colony, and made, we believe, from a very superior leaf. Mr. B. Benjamin shows a handsomo case of cigars. Tuereis an extensive assortment of colonial made soap. Among the most successful ex- hibitors in this class may bo mentioned Messrs. T. Kitchen and Sons, Sandridge, and Tilley and Clack, South Yarra. One of the most conspicuous objects in the contre of the hall is the magnificent collec- tion of pianos shown by Wilkie, Kilner, and Co, Queen- street. The stand on which the instruments aro oxhibitcd is surmountod by a tasteful canopy, with curtains suspended. Tho collection ot pianos embraces almost every variety, from tho 100-gulnoa instru- ment to the twenty-guinea article " for the use of schools." Thoy are mado of black- wood, musk, ptno, and walnut. Tho work- manship and decoration on somo of the in- struments aro of the richost obaractor. Ono of the best is mado of blackwood highly polished, with a representation of the Aus- tralian armB in front, carved in wood. Thero aro alBO instruments of somewhat plainer character, und ono of small size intended for tho use of travelling professionals, and constructed chiefly with a view to stand wear and tear. It has been tho abject of the exhibitors to havo in the collection pianos embracing the different novoltios of tone possessed by Instruments manufactured in England, France, and Germany ; and wo aro informed that, in the opinion of competent judges, they have succeeded in achieving this result. There are some fine specimens of binding and bookwork. Messrs. Sands and M'Dougall have a case containing a complete set of mercantile account books, consisting of ledgor, journal, cash-book, invoico-book, ac- count sales book, private ledgor, accounts rendered book-all made of the best hand- made papers, and uniformly bound in wbite vellum, with double russia bands, well finished. The case also contains a set of bankers' account books, strongly and elabo- rately bound. Mr. Detmold als0 contributes some good specimens of account books, sta- tionery, and bookbinding. The samples of printing shown by Messrs. Blundell and Ford include newspaper, book- work, colour, ornamental, and plain printing, aud are generally well executed. The Bible Society send a case containing copies of the Bible or of the New Testament in forty-one different languages, and also an embossed Testament used for the blind. The chemists of Melbourne contribute some handsome cases to the exhibition. Messrs. Hood and Co. have a large case con- taining a variety of chemical preparations, spirits, &c.; ; and Messrs. Bosisto and Co., of Richmond, exhibit a case containing var- nishes, polish, &c.;, from colonial resins. There are some extensive cases of liqueurs, cordials, bitters, &c.;, of colonial manufac- ture, the principal exhibitors being Flintoff and Co. ; F. and J. Hemmons, A. Felton, E. J. Prevôt and Co., B. J. Dixon, and James Dickson. A case of pickles, sauces, &c.;, is shown by Frank Fowler, Melbourne. Messrs. Trouson and Hill, Lygon-street, have a case containing a number of woollen flocks made from rags. They are of every variety of colour, and are used chiefly for stuffing. The Acclimatisation Society show some specimens of clothes made from the wool of the Angora goat. There is a large case from Harper and Co., of Flinders-street, containing Ceylon coffee, pimento, ginger, nutmeg, cinnamon, mace, pepper, rice. The samples seemed to be gene- rally very pure. A magnificent case of preserved, and crys- talised fruits, chocolate, and homoeopathic cocoa, French and English confectionery, was exhibited by Messrs. Giraud, Leonard, and Co. Lady Manners Sutton, we believe, was pleased to accept the present of a smaller case, prepared by the same firm. Messrs. Dillon and Burrows also exhibited a handsome case of confectionery. Among the cases sent by the hairdressers and perfumers, there is a handsome one from Campbell and Graham, containing, among other things, an elegant figure of a flower girl. Messrs. Prevot and Bessléres and Mr. Eve have also cases. Mr. Charles Fitts, of the Sandridge Glue- works, exhibits a case of glue, containing some very good specimens. An imposing article in the centre of the hall is a large pyramid of biscuits, exhibited by Swallow and Ariel, Sandridge. It is sixteen feet high, and contains twenty-eight different kinds of biscuit. The sugar, flour, and every ingredient contained in the bis- cuits are colonial growth. The firm export a large quantity to the neighbouring colonies, and about fifty-four hands are employed in the manufactory. Messrs. Smith and Son also show a large assortment of biscuits. Mr. W. C. Morton exhibits a model of a bridge constructed by the Victorian Engineer Corps at the Sunbury encampment in 1866. The bridge can be erected in thirty minutes, and can carry with safety artillery and cavalry, and may be floated by rafts on rivers moderate size. An important feature in the Victorian de- partment are the courts of our leading dis- tricts-Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, and the Ovens. Most of the articles embraced in these collections were shown at the local ex- hibitions, which have already been describad ' in our columns ; bat to make our notice of the exhibition complete, it is necessary again to glance at the more remarkable of the ex- hibits. The Ballarat exhibits are not all comprised in one court, but are scattered throughout the general Victorian products, and it is therefore the moro difficult to select objects worthy of ppecial notice. Mr. J. G. Sayler exhibits a magnificent blackwood bookcase, manufactured from timber grown at Warrenheip. It ÍB very elaborately carved, and embellished with a variety of ornaments. There is a very fine case of saddlery ex- hibited by Messra. Kilminstcr and Pardue, and there are also some very good rugs, ladies' muffs, &c;, manufactured from native skins by Mr. J. Stephens. Mr. Thomas Bladget has a very good show of colonial made hams. In the Sandhurst court, Messrs. Joseph and Co. exhibit a silver model of a quarts crushing machine. The model, which is very complete, and made with great taste, is tho work of Mr. R. B. Joseph, and is driven by electro- magnetic power. To those who have never seen quartz-crushing, it will convey a good idea of that operation. The leather exhibited by Mossrs. Goudge and Sibley em- braces a great variety of kinds, and speaks much for the enterprise of the district in this branch of industry. The collection of pottery sent by, J. D. Guthrie, of the Bendigo Pottery, Epsom, is extensive, and includes jars, filters, wine barrel?, flower-pots, &c.; There is a very good display from the Ovens district, embracing a full representation of tho different products of that part of the colony. There is a large case of dried fruits, grown in the district; it includes Zante ourrants, grown by Mr. Lyndesey Watson, near the Murray ; raisins, apricots, peaches, and nectarines, exhibited by Mr. Pooley and Mr. Chafer, Bar- nawartha. There are jams, ketchups, and sauces prepared by H. Dunn, Beechworth. Tobacco, both manufactured and in leaf, is shown by Mr. James Honley, Oxley Plains ; yeast-powder, by Mr. Lloyd, of Growler's Creek ; and soda and aerated waters, by Allesley and Russom, Beechworth. There are à good many samples of the difierent woods of the district, Buch as Murray pine, maple, &c;, the principal exhibitors being Messrs. Slater, Stephens, and Reid. Mr. Edwards, Beechworth, exhibits some casks made from messmate timber. It is only within the last year or two that this wood bas been applied to this particular purpose, and experience has proved that it stands well and does not shrink. The specimens of grain from the district are considerable in number, and look very well in quality. A somewhat curious exhibit is n Horseshoe made by Mr. S. Taylor, Beechworth, which purports to be made on a novel principle. One sido of the shoe is moveable, BO as to give the foot of the horso its natural elasticity. As ityiolds at every step made by the animal, it is", doscrlbed as of great advantage, especially when the horso is leaping. Mr. Macaba, of Chiltern, exhibits a model of a safety hook, which the more weight that ÍB brought to bear on it presses the more tightly. Ho also sends a stirrup, with a moveable foot-rest, the object of which is to give a greater facility of withdrawing the foot from the stirrup. There are Eome Bamples of indigenous Bilk exhi- bited by Mr. Ford, and some good specimens of soap by Mr. Hewitt, Beechworth. There is a very large case of reptiles, collected and ex- hibited by Mr. E. J. Dunn. It comprises between sixty and seventy specimens of rep tiles, including one Australian python. A Bomewhat curious article in this department is a very fair specimen of crochot-work, made by a half-cBBto girl named Benalla Banaold. There are very good stuffed specimens of the white crane and pelican, sent respectively by Mr. Peter RarnBay and the Rutherglen Bo- rough Council. Tho exhibits from the "Wan- garatta district are also included in the Ovens department. The display of grain in this section is very large, and some of the specimens, we understand, are of very superior quality. Thoro are samples of wheat weigh- ing as high as 081b. The principal exhibitors aro Mesare. D. H. Evans, John Moore, R. B. Vincent, Allan and Baldy, Spink, Chandler, and Chambers. The show of wool and tim- ber ia also considerable, and proves the extent and value of tho resources of tho district. THE COURTS OF THE NEIGH- BOURING COLONIES^ These occupy almost the whole of the western side of tho great hall, beginning with that of New Caledonia, which is close to tho northern entrauce, and after which come in order the courts of Queensland, New South Wales, South Australia, West Australia, Tas- mania, and Now Zealand. The last is under tho orchestra. We have in our following description ranked our neighbours rather ac- cording to their relative importance than in the order in which we find them : THE NEW SOUTH WALES COURT. That the colony of New South Wales, the oldest as well as the most advanced of all our neighbours-whose territory was first ex« plored by Captain Cook in 1770, and first settled under Governor Phillip in 1788, and whose population exceeds that of any of the Australian colonies but our own-should have the best of the intercolonial courts was only to be expected, and hence we are entitled to begin our description here. The space occupied teems not only with natural curiosities, but to a remarkable degree with evidences of the strenuous efforts made to establish suitahle manufacturing industries within her borders. The colony is represented here by Mr. G. Russell, Mr. Dyer being secre- tary, and their arrangements are excellent. First comes that most ancient industry, the production of wool. The exhibits of this are very few, comprising only four specimens, of the wool of some imported rams; but when this year's clip is in, the show will be plentifully enriched by samples of the various wools grown in tho extensive regions of this colony. Wool brings us to tho woollen tweeds manufactured in Sydney ; and there is a fine display of them. The manufacturers aro two -Mr. O.B. Ebsworth, of Susaex-street.Sydney, who is the largest, and employs seventy hands ; and Messrs. French and Son, of Bowenbels, on the Bathurst-road. The former exhibits eighteen, and the latter two webs-i.e., pieces, and the tweeds of both, are of excellent colour, soft to the feel, said to be very durable, and to be entirely composed of wool. No difference between thom and tho host English or Scotch tweeds is porcoptiblo savo in favour of tho colonial article. The leather trado seems to have been very prosperously and energetically carried on in Sydnoy. Hore are Boveral samples of its products. Alderaou and Sons, large tannera and leather manu- facturers,-exhibit a long series of skinc manu- factured in different ways, and turned into leathers japanned, enamelled, sole, or kip. or mill-bolting. This firm shows also a series of machinery-made boots, from the navvie's , lace-ups to dress kid boots. This onaoelled leath«r seems to bo a new manufacturo. Hitherto Victoria has obtained its suppliée thereof from Europe, and the Bpectaole of a colonial article equally good has proved very attractive, particularly to the coaehmakers. Mr. J. Vickery also showa Bomo fine samples of riveted boots of different kindB: nnd Mr. John Lobb, who gained j ° ST8,'-,?1?28 for b°ots at tho Lon- don Exhibition of 1802, and who was thereupon constituted maker to H.B.H. Prince .of Wales, baa a easeful of specimens of the mçhor kinds of workmanship in boots. The Glenmoro Tannery and Mesa«. Saddlngton and Sons have sent some hides of sola leather whichcould hardly bo improved upon. While on tho subject of leather, we cannot pass over the -saddlery, of which Messrs. Aldorson and Sons and Mr. J. Brush have a line collection. The latter has evidently taken enormous pains with the workmanship of his exhibits . and one side-saddle, tho Beat of doeskin and jthe rest inlaid wjth feathers dyad yiojut, and brown, is to be presented to the Princess of "Wales. A few portmanteaus of solid leather, hy Mr. Lancashire, deserve notice. New South WaleB timbers ara displayed in groat style. Thirty-nine different descriptions, in slabs of various sizes, are ranged round the court, the grain exposed and varnished, so that the quality of those suited for furni- ture or building purposes may be shown. The slabs of pine, Moreton Bay chesnut or bean tree-one three feet across-yellow- wood, rosewood, silky oak, colonial beech, -also three feet across-shingle oak, &c;, are worthy of close inspection, because of their exquisite grain. They, together with a series of the ordinary building timbers in the rough, and sent in by the colonial architect, were obtained at the instance of the New South Wales Commissioners. While on the subjeot of New South Wales timbers, the visitor must turn to the timber department, under the management of Dr. Mueller, curator of our Melbourne Botanic Gardens, who has erected there a splendid slab of cedar, about two inches thick, twelve feet long, and four feet four inches broad. It was grown in New South Wales, but sawn in Melbourne, Re- turning to the court, an enormous fund of information is to be found in a case shown by Mr. J. Cuthbert, ship-builder of Sydney, which contains thirty miniature beams, which can be taken out and handled, of blue gum, red gum, water gum, spotted gum, ironbark, black-butt, blood-wood Bangalley, mangrove, beech, pines, native mahogany and cedar, swamp mahogany, swamp oak, mountain oak, bean-tree, tea-tree, tulip, pear-tree, myall, and white honeysuckle. The scented hard- wood case, containing ten different colonial perfumes, manufactured by Mr. E. H. O'Neill, a number of tables and other furniture, made of native woods, and an inlaid colonial wooden case of confectionery, exhibited by Mr. T. O'Neill, ahow to what artistic purposes these timbers can be applied. From wood to iron is an easy transition, and from Russell and Co.'s foundry, of Sydney, comes some ironwork which could not easily be surpassed. One specimen is the royal arms in very high relief, and we were informed that it is a first casting, without trimming. Another is some balcony balustrades of elaborate patterns, and a steel church bell of 7cwt., and unde- niably good tone. Among other ironwork is a case of horse-shoes made by Mr. J. Gribban, to suit almost every kind of horse's foot. They are well finished, and of colonial iron, of which we shall have more to say by and by. Included in the show is a large collec- tion of agricultural products, mostly from the Hunter River, sent in by private growers, and whose quality the jury must decide. Of minerals the display is be wilderingly large. A case of assorted mi- nerals demands close attention. It is sont by Mr. Keane, Government examiner of coal- fields, and its specimens aro intended to dis- play the fauna and flora ovetlying the coal seams, so as to afford means for deciding the dispute between Professor M'Coy, of the Mel- bourne University, and the Rev. W. Clarke, of Sydney, as to the age of the New South Wales coal-beds. The latter gentleman is preparing, and will shortly send on, a case of fossils, for the same purpose. Here, too, are marbles from Bathurst and Goulburn, so hard as to be unprofitabe to work in Sydney. A local firm is, however, sending slabs home to England to be worked, and Messrs. Huxley and Parker, of Melbourne, are going to try their hands at it. Many an old house in Sydney has excellent mantelpieces of this marble, worked by the convicts in the ancient times. A huge lump of silicate of magnesia, and said to be identical with meerschaum, is also shown, with a to- bacco-pipe made therefrom. A series of build- ing stones, in foot cakes, are also exhibited by the colonial architect. The Fitzroy Iron Company sends a complete series of minerals from its mines—fire clay, limestone, anthra- cite coal, bituminous coal, iron ore, and pig iron. Rare specimens are sent by Mr. J. Mitchell, from the new coal mines at Bloom- field, East Maitland ; but New South Wales coals are better displayed in the iron annexe, where there is every sort, together with enor- mous masses of kerosene shale. The finest is a column of coal from the Lampton Colliery, Newcastle, exhibited by Mr. J. Paterson, of Melbourne, showing a thickness of seam of 9ft. 8in. The colleries are thus described :— Stony Creek, East Maitland, seam 4ft. 10in. thick ; Rix's Creek, near Singleton, seam 6ft. 6in. thick; Anvil Creek, Brankston, seam 6ft. 6in. thick; Dalewood Creek, Brank- ston, seam 6ft. 6in. thick; and Four- mile Creek, East Maitland, seam 9ft. 6in. thick. 20,000 tons of coal are said to be raised weekly in New South Wales. Re- turning from this short visit to the annexe, the eye is struck with a series of handsome slabs, marbled in colour to different patterns, displayed above the court. They are the work of Mr. C. Williams, of Sydney, who gained a prize for similar work at the Great Exhibi- tion of 1851 in London. In more homely industries there are signs of equal prosperity. A few cases of tallow, from Mr. E. Bell and Mr. York, look very well ; as also the neats- foot oil and bone-dust exhibited by the former. Samples of negrohead tobacco, made variously from the native and imported leaf, we may pass over, for they will be classed by the jury. The only exhibitors of that article are Messrs. J. Church, Penfold, and M'Encroe. Dairy produce is not plentiful ; but there is some capital malt from Messrs. B. and F. Tooth, brewers. Mr. T. S. Mort has an interest- ing case of maizena flour, in its various stages. The maize shown is said to yield 42lb. of fine flour to the bushel of 60lb., glinding very freely. Close by are specimens of the products of the two kerosene companies in New South Wales, viz., the Hartley Kero- sene Oil and Paraffine Company, who exhibit illuminating, lubricating, and crude oils ; and the Pioneer Company (J. Graham and Co.), of Wollongong, whose works are not so large, but whose samples appear good enough. A clock-tower, composed of silver and gold work surrounding an emu's egg, made by Veyret and Delarne, cannot bo overlooked ; but though the workmanship is good the design is poor. A vase and drinking cups of similar material, by Mr. Quist, are better, and the Australian snake forming a handle to the vase is a superior affair. There is a fair show of wines from Mr. J. Windham, of Bukkulla ; Mr. James and Sir W. Mac- arthur, of Camden, some twenty-two years old ; Mr. Lundiman, of Hunter River ; Mr. Doyle, of Kaludah; and Mr. Fallon, of Albury ; but of their quality we can say nothing. Mr. Fallon's wines can scarcely be called a New South Wales exhibit. As in Melbourne, there has been an attempt to establish the manufacture of chemicals in Sydney, and Messrs. Elliott Brothers have a case containing large specimens of super- phosphate of lime, bisulphate of soda, granu- lated sulphate of iron, nitric acid, hydro- chloric acid, and sulphuric acid. In art the display is not large, but some of it is good. Mr. T. Price's portrait of His Excellency Sir John Young is perhaps the best. The re- mainder, including a number of water-colour sketches, should have been placed in the art gallery. They will be examined at another opportunity. We cannot, however, pass by without admiring the panorama of Sydney and its harbour photographed by M. Deco- tardi, and a series of Sydney street views done for the commissioners by Mr. Milligan. Another new industry is shown in a case of articles in tortoise-shell, manufactured by Mr. M'Mahon from shell brought from the South Seas. The germs of other indus- tries are to be found in a case of forty different medicinal plants, grown and exhibited by Mr. Paterson, an herbalist ; and a series of bottles of Italian stores, notably olives, olive oil, and Cayenne pepper, from Mr. James and Sir W. Macarthur's esta- blishment, at Camden. Other olives from the Sydney Botanic-gardens are also exhibited. A few cases of biscuits, from Hardie and Mit- chell, show that this branch of manufacture is not forgotten ; and some bundles of millet brooms of different qualities, said to be equally good and much cheaper than the common Yankee brooms, which they re- semble, constitute a rather startling fact. The Government printing-office sends a few copies of statutes, and two volumes of a work which might well bo published in Victoria, viz., the registration of In voûtions, after the English style ; and Mr. A. Wright, of the Australian letter foundry in Yaroag-street, shows a case of his types, borders, furniture, &c;, which seem equal to English. Thero is a large col- lection of pottery ; and huge field draining pipes, from Mr. Field, of George-streot, are indicative of the progress mado in that branch of manufacture. .We cannot ooncludo without mention of two exhibits-one is of fruit-models, especially oranges, accompanied I .by "rho photograph of an orange treo, thirty rfive foot hieb, and producing .1/100 oranges in & season; and the other comprises several samples of. sugar, made from tho cano and from eoighnm, but on no extended scalo. The Clarence Rives district, north of Sydney, aud whose capital is Grafton, is so large a contributor to this court that its exhibition, which is vory creditable, is best treated separately. Eight years ago,tho dis- trict was unsettled and nnstrrveyed for any purposes but squatting; now Grafton is a municipality, containing 1,800 porsons and d09 buildings, whose annual rental is £10,? 91. It has churches, newspapers, stores, tallis, manufactories, and wharves. Steamers trade regularly and frequently from the port, and too ßurrosnding country supplies enotmouc quantities of agricultural produce and cattle, which are brought to Sydney, Melbourne, and Brisbane. Ita commissioner in Melbourne is Mr. J. F. Wilcox, whose exertions have been indefatigable. The exhibits may be ex- amined with great interest. Its minerals in- clude specimens of antimony, iron pyiite?, coal (three seams), silicato of magnesia, ex- cellent fresh-water sandstone, suitable for building, and another kind of sandstone, now used for making the breakwater at the Clarence River Heads. Except in respect to the stones, none of the mi- nerals are. we believe, being worked. The zoology of the district is, perhaps, the best displayed of all in the collection, by Mr. Wilcox and Mr. M'Gillivray, of mammals, birds, insects, fishes, shells, all of a strictly local character. Among the more remarkable is a hngo cod, originally of 501b. weight, and identical with our Murray cod, and a speci- men of the Balmalurus Wikoxi, a. kangaroo, so named hy Professor M'Coy. after Mr. Wilcox, its discoverer. A few nets, dilly-bags, and hatchets denote the character of the abori- ginal trlbcB of this locality, and as opposed to them are a whole range of the products which Europeans obtain. The maizB of Clarence River is celebrated all over Australia, and splendid samples of seven different kinds aro shown. Of cotton thoro are six samples, American and Hindostanee; and of wine eleven. Vineyards have boen established in this district only six years. Mr. J. Bawden, mayor of Grafton, exhibits manufactured starch, made economically from the bean- tree, and Boveral specimens of arrow- root and Mauritius sugar cane prove of what the place ia capable. Some tins of preserved meat are sent by a new company just started, and whose operations promise to be very extensive. The other natnral pro- ducts worth mention are- fibre from the sycamore done into hats, for which the semi translucent filaments are ominently fit; maize-corn husk, for hats or paper; and a box of quassia, not the real American quassia, but an allied genus, viz., the Alstonia con ¡trida. It seems worthy of an analysis, which should determine the alkaloid. THE SOUTH AUSTRALIAN COURT. This colony, though not next to New S juth Wales in the date of ita establishment, is second in rank among our neighbours inpopu lation and advancement. Established in 1833 she mado rapid strides in colonisation, and hy the arrangements of her social and commercial ByBtems, as well as the steady and solid character of her progress, have always com- manded high respect. Although there has been considerable apathy displayed in respect to this exhibition, the South Australian Court presents a fair show, not BO various, perhaps, as some of its neighbours, but in many ways far richer. The representative com- missioner here is Mr. B. Horschel Babbage, an old colonist, and son of the eminent cal- culator. He has been unsparing in his exertions to get the court in order. South Australia cannot be called a manufacturing country. Its great sources of wealth are its copper, wool, and wheat. Wo may dispose of the question of wool by stating at once that this not being the season for wool none is sent. The display of copper in its crudo and purer states is very ii nu, and an entire table is occu pied with samples sent from the Moonta and Wallaroo mines at Yorko's Peninsula, the Burra mines >t Burra Burra, the All Nation B mine at Kooringa, and Mr. F. 0. Singleton's section near Mount Barker. The Moonta is the richest of all, and the speci- mens include ores yielding from thlrty-fivn to forty-seven and 6ixty per cent. The Wal- laroo proprietors Bend a display oven superior in interest and variety. Hore are thirteen specimens of ores, taken from different levels, and varying in rlchneBS from twenty per cent, to a natural coarse copper yielding 98 57 par cent. The clay slate of the country in which the lodes run Is also shown, and a complete series of the processes by which the ore is re- duced to tho ingot. The proprietor* of tho Burra Burra send nothing, but the non. H. Ayers, M.L.C., sends a cabinet full of sm'ill specimens. Round about will ba found bags of wheat, flour, and oats, moBt of the grain selected by the general committee in Adelaide, and the flour from some of the best millers in South Australia. Mr. J. Dawson, of Gawler; Mr. L. Beviloqua, of Lyndoch; Messrs. Magarey and Co., of Adelaide ; Mr. W. Colmau, ot Strathalbyn; and Mr. W. Allen, of Nuriootpa. A capital feature of the exhibition is a large numoer of specimens of jara and pots of fruits, &c;, prepared for culinary purposes. A trade of this kind is springing up in Adelaide, and it is the more suitable because while the colony is back- ward in producing the Btrawbarries, goose- berries, raBpberrieB, and currants of a coidor climate, ehe is very prolific in the matter of peaches, citrons, apricots, and other produc- tions of a warmer atmosphere, including vegetables for pickling. By far the largest number of exhibits ot this sort come from Mrs. L. A. Chance, of Parkside, whose goods are all neatly packed and labelled. Mr. Thomas Hardy, of Bankside, has sent in some fairraiains, ready for market, Hulf a ewe. of soap shows how that manufacture is carried on, J. Tidmarsh and Co., of Adelaide, being tho only exhibitor. Coming to agricultural implements, the visitor begins to investigate a subject full of interest, for the colony has always been among the foremost to im- prove in a manufacture so important to her agricultural population. Mr. J. Cf. Ramsay, who is not the largest manufac- turer of this kind, has, perhapä, the most in- teresting collection, which, with the others, will, we are informed, be found in one of the annexes of the Exhibition- building. It in- cludes the latest improvement of Ridley's reaping machine. Mr. Ridley, thon of South Australia, but now of London, invonted this machine in Adelaide twenty years ago, and it has proved the fruitful parent of many more of a similar kind. Altogether, fully 200 of these machines aro made m tho colony every year. Mr. Ramsay also shows Bomo ploughs of his own invention. Mr. J. Mellor, who, we aro told, employs ninety men in his factory, shows a whole series of agricultural imple- ments of excellent make, but whoso peculiar qualities ate only known to the initiated. In wines there are no less than 010 samples, some ten or fourteen years old, from a largo variety of vineyards. These will mostly be stowed away in the cellars for the judges to taste. A collection of liqueurs from Seppolt's distillery, and a case of bitters, illustrate the care taken to follow up the manufactures suited to the placo. Two exhibits by Messrs, À. Simpson and Son, deserve particular nottco;-one is a patent fireproof Bafo, which would challenge competition in appearance with any English imported one ; and the other is some tin cases of email size for goods requiring to be herme- tically sealed, such OB many kinds of oilmen's BtoreB and preserved meats. They are made according to a Scotch invention, and, besides being sounder and stronger than others, have this remarkable element of choapness, that thoy do not require skilled labour in their manufacture. Practically, here ends the list of manufactures; but we must include one which seems to thrive in this colony, viz,, gold and eilyer work. There aro several exhibits of no particular merit, but one larger than all, by Mr. J. M. Wandt, is by far tho finest of its kind in tho whole Exhibition. Tho goods shown are moätly silver ware, and the two most remarkable articles are a candelabrum made in the exact shape of a fern tree, while a gum-tree, also of very perfect configuration, forms an epergne. At the foot of the candelabrum are four tiny landscapes in Silver, representing sheep and cattle, hunters, and wild scenery. At the bottom of an epergne are some beautiful grass trees, a hunter on horseback, kangaroos, and emus, all modelled with exquisite correctness. The whole case is a picture. This particular industry seems to he favoured by the genius loci, for another exhibitor, Mr. W. Nitschke, exhibits some curious manufactures in cop- per, viz., a vase, a crucifix, and a pipe ham- mered out of the metal, two silver cups ham- mered out of silver coins, the rim inscriptions being left intact to serve as a border, and a set of miniature tea things hammered from small coins, such as threepenny pieces. Among the remaining exhibits are specimens -far too small-of colonial trees, including honeysuckle, peppermint, white, gum, red gum, mallee, pine, common wattle, silver wattie, blackwood, native cherry, almond, teatree, sandalwood, sheoak, marbled gum, and swamp gum, and, what must be of great in- terest to many, twenty-nine cabinet specimens of woods from the Northern Territory. Two glass cases of wax models of fruits, apples, pears, quinces, shaddocks, citrons, figs, plums, medlars, lemons, pomegranates, oranges, walnuts, and chestnuts show the success of the cultivation of those fruits. Mr. B. H. Babbage, the representative commMoncri exhibits a drawing of a por- tion Of his father's caluluting-machlne, and a book of sketches made by himself during his exploring trip to the interior in 1848, when he discovered lakes Gregory and Eyre. It seems that wo have omitted to men- tion in tho right place six very respectable sides of kip leather, Bent by Mr, Wohls, from the tannery at Mount Gambier. THE TASMANIAN COURT. The lovely tfsland of Tasmania, in which is established the second oldest of the Australian colonies-for it was explored by Captain Cook in 1777, and first settled in 1804-occupies a prominent position among the intercolonial courts. Its space is nearly as crowded as that of New South Wales, and though It eau exhibit no such fruits of enterprise and industry, its display comprises objects of even greater beauty. This is not inappro- priate in the case of a community which has never exhibited the energy in the establishment of manufactures characterising its neighbours, but has nevertheless eminently cultivated the more graceful arts, so com- pletely in accordanco with the exquisite scenery on every side. Tasmania has boon well represented in Victoria in the matter of this exhibition. The indefatigable exertionB of Mr. B, B. Nicholson, of Melbourne, over- came all the preliminary difficulties, and, more lately, the work was mainly taken up by Mr. R. Walker, mayor of Hobart Town, and Mr. D, Lewis, M.P., the representative commissioners who have come over. The first glance at the court displays the chief glory of the island, its magnificent timber, splendid specimens of whioh, French-polished to show the grain, are built up into au admirable trophy, and alco surround the department. They are of all sizes, one plank of blackwood measuring twelve feet in length by nearly three feet wide. Some woods are shown in logs, others in knee-shaped pieces or in blocks, just as the grain serves. Their qualities are astonishingly varions. Tho blackwood, which is best known in Victoiia becauBO of its use for furniture purposes, is also valuable for cask-staves, and when washed with lime water becomes as dark as American rosewood and equally OB heavy. Tho chief exhibitor is Mr. J. Boyd, of Port Arthur, where is the convict establishment of the island. He also shows figured blue gum, said to be equal to oak for ship building, and to be obtained in plank or log 2C3 feet long, in the form of plank, log, tronaile, and flooring boards. Some scented woods, exhibited by Mr. Ronald C. Gunn, of Launceston, and Mr. C. Gould, Government geologist, are curious, but of little value. Far more interesting aro specimens of the celory top pine, a re- markably tough and heavy wood, which abounds on the western sido of the island. The best pieces are sont by Mr. J. R. Scott, of Launceston, and they come from Ringarooma, where there ara large beds of tho timber, but the place is inaccossible for want of roads-a common state of things in Van Diemen's Land. Cherrytree and dogwood root, from Port Arthur, aro shown a9 samples of a beautifully veined cabinet wood, hardly ever beard of. Sixteen specimens of muskwood from different sources, hut mainly the south- western part of the island, represent a timber with a strong musky flavour, suitable for turnery, finely veined and marked, and ob- tainable in large quantities. Sheoak and he oak are displayed in size and compactness of grain rarely to bo found in similar timber in Victoria. Among the othor woods shown, and the principal spécimens of which aro sent here by Mr. Boyd, of Port Arthur, are rosewood veneer from Marlborough, myrtle, Huon pine, Gordon River pine-which is re- markable for its lightness and toughness, and is unsurpassed in suitableness for oars, a pair of which aro exhibited by Mr. R. B. Dyer, of Hobart Town ; pink wood, silver wattle, emi- nently well adapted for cask staves : sassafras, string j bark, peppermint, native pepper wood, whitewood, ironwood, pear, box, yellow wood, honeysuckle, whitegum, and Oyster Bay pine, and almost overy piece is a wonder of fine grain. Somo furniture, not at all extraordi- narily well made, Is sent, to show how great aro the resourccB of the colony ia this respect. A writing- deBk, made by J. Wood, of L »unces- I ton. is composed of 1,470 pieces of twenty two different sorts of wood, inlaid according to patterns, one star containing GIO pieces. A lady's work-table, by W. Hamilton, of Hobart Town, is also remarkable in the same way. Then there are vases of fern-tree wood, pretty enough for drawingroom ornaments, turned candlesticks of musk-wood aud trays and tables of the same material, the prin- cipal manufacturers being W. Powell and T. Dowling, of Hobart Town. A table of Huon-pine is surprising, as it illustrates a new style of ornamentation, viz., the gum ming ,of ferns, flowers, and leaves upon the surface, the whole being French-polished over. It Is lae work of Miss Collins, of Hobart Town. The visitor will do well to examine a row of veneers cut from different woods, whose names are marked, and are so glowing with colour, softly shaded, or else shot into lines and waves and circles, as to be like pictures. They were sent by Mr. Boyd, of Port Arthur. Leaving timber, the v'sitor is naturally attracted to the next best thing the island can produce, viz., cereals, of which there is a splendid show, tho best of the giain being placed in small glass-covered compartments. There are sixty exhibits of wheat, barley, oats, &c;, aud no less than thirty-one different sorts of peas. The best wheat, grown by Mr. G. W. Lindley, of Jericho, is stated to weigh 671b. to the bushel. -A sample- of barley, grown by W. M. Dean, of Launceston, is said to weigh 581b. loss, per bushel ; and some oats, grown at Bishop bourne in 1864, are stated to havo formed part of a crop whose average height was seven feet, and tho produce 100 bushels to the acre. As a Bort of curiosity connected with this branch of tho subject, is exhibited a huge mass of what, is called here as well as across the Straits native bread, being a lungus growing like a truffle underground, and a lavourite food of the aborigines. It tastes like cold boiled sour rice. Another of tho chief reconrccs of the island aro its fruits, and here great pains have been taken to make a sufficient display. Unable to send the fruit itself, the commissioners selected specimens, which were modelled in wax by Mrs. J hon SOD, of Hobart Town, and thus eight specimens of pears, and thirty-one of apples, prove what has been done ia this branch of cultivation. Other varieties and other fruits are also presented ; and a large number of cases of jams, principally from the manufacturing establishments of Dickenson and Co.. of Hobart Town, and E. Lipscomb, of Sandy Bay, bear testimony to the attention paid to this industry. Treacle and jam, made from parsnips, carrots, and mangold wurtzel, are also sent by Dr. Huston, ot tho New NorfoBi Lunatic Asylum, his patients being the producers. There are Beveral ex- hibits of wines and cider, but they represent minor industries, and are not to be com- pared in importance with the casks of Tas- manian ale from the rival breweries of Mr. R.Walker and tho Hon. J. Wilson, which are beginning to bo heard of and patronised in Victoria, especially as Tasmanian hops, of which there aro exhibits, are now so success- fully cultivated. A few samples of fine flour exhaust the list of natural products, except minerals, which last make but a poor show, except in building stones. The Royal Society show a few specimens of gold from different parts of Tasmania ; but the only gold work- ings in the colony are at Fingal, aud thoy are neither extensive nor particu- larly successful. The hematite, exhibited by the Government geologist, Mr. Gould, tulls a very different tale of promise. It is found in deposits of various sizes in dif- ferent parts of the island ; and at Ilfracombe, on the Tamar, Beven mileB from the beach, Mr. Gould assumes that there are 350 tons of oro, averaging Bovonty-two per cent of iron, lying above the water level, and presenting every facility for working. Pieces of the anthracite coal, found in thin seams at New Town, and used in Hobart Town for fuel, as woll ns the coal taken from tho Seymour mines and other parts of the colony, are dis- played in their relative positions. Tho richest poitlon of the minorai department are the vaiieties of building stone, of which there aro numerous specimens, in foot cubes. The beautiful grain and durability of some of these stones aro but little known, although it is said of one freestone, found at Mona Vale, near ROBS, that one bed contains enough to build every city in Australia. Whon Tas- mania was a convict settlement it was largely wotked, though in tho centre of the island ; now, however, the quarries are almost de- serted. Five grindstones show how hard some of the Btone with closer grit Is ; and the existence of good marbles, granite, ser- pentine fireclays, ochres, pipeclayB, and other valuable deposits ÍB proved by samples of each. The animal products ara interesting, but not so profitable. They include some fino silk in skeins, the best balng that ob- tained by the Misses Callow, of Hobart Town ; and a numbor of rugs and mats, com- posed of the skins of kangaroo and opossum, which are finer hero and softer than inVictoria, tiger, wallaby, and buck, and two collec- tions of stuffed birds, by Mr. W. Notinan, an amateur, of Launceston, and Mr. W. Hissey, of Hobart Town. Of preserved meats there are eovcrnl samples. One is of beef that has been two whaling voyages in the barque Emma; and there are tins of kangaroo pre- served in six ways, by Mrs. Crouch, of Hobart Town, how successfully wo have no means of judging. The specimens of manufactures and the uEeful arts are, with few exceptions, very unimportant, The great exceptions are in some splendidly tanned skins of horse, calf, kid, kangaroo, and buck, from G. H. Elliott's tannery, ia Hobart Town. Seve- ral samples of whale oil, which ÍB now again becoming an export, and soap. We must not leave out some valuable chemical preparations from the grass-tree and essential oils distilled from the loaves of the blue, white, and peppermint cams, sassafras, and Oyßter Bay pine, by Weaver and Oo., of Hobart Town. The ornamental arts aro by no means unrepresented. The most notice- able picture is the "Baptism of Christ," an oil painting by Mr. Dowling, late of Laun- ceston, but now Btudying in England, where he produced this work. A fine portrait of Bishop Nixon, by the Rev. John Dixon, of Windermere, is sure to attract notice ; and there is a large display of water- colour draw ingp, the best by Mrs. Moredith, of Hobart Town, who has also sent a series of hotanical drawings, one representing a "cool debato" between some frogB sheltered under river flags, pleasantly reminding the on-looker of the authoress of " Our Bush FriendB." There are also a vast number of photographs of great merit, not only because of the exquisite scenery they represent, hut on account of their exquisite finish. They are mostly done by amateurs, and some of the best were taken by Mr. Morton Allport, the acclimatiser. THE NEW ZEALAND COURT. This important colony occupies a not very prominent place in this Exhibition, mainly from the paucity of exhibits, but also because no one appeared to represent the northern provinces, and their gooda were only partially arranged by the secretary to the commis- sioners at the last moment, when it was im- possible to make an advantageous display. Thus our description will be confined to a few observations, which will ba enlarged when opportunity offers. This remark does not refer to Southland, whose representative here was the Hon. J. Q. Francis. Mr. Francis, unable to attend to the affair himself, gave instructions which procured an excellent place and arrangement for the few matters that were sent in from Invercargill. The articles from the northern provinces are mostly still in case, the most prominent of those visible being some water colour draw- ings, many of excellence, a fine sample of Taranaki steel sand, accompanied by a dagger made of the same material, and some samplos of New Zealand flax (Phormium tenax), ridded of its gummy matter, and dyed. A iarge wooden CBBO, full of coal, is emoted to show the Beam found at West Wanganui, Nelson, as it appears at the outcrop. The upper coal is one foot thick, and then come eight inches of shale, succeeding which is the lower coal, four feet thick. The dip is stated to b3 N. 66° W., the angle of inclination, 120°, and the probable yield 4,600 tons per acre. The Southland exhibits are mostly wool, minerals, and dressed native flax. Tho wools are the produce of LoiceBtor, Lincoln, and merino sheep, and appear to have a staple fully equal, if not superior, to that of tho average wool of those various sorts. The minerals consist of a block of syenite, soma limestone, specimens of platinum, some rare crystalised limestone, and a quantity of tita niferous iron-Band, from Point William, Stewart Island, forwarded by Mr. J. H. Baker, chief Government surveyor of South- land ; lumps of coal from Mount Beaumont, and gold from the Paki gold-field, sent by Mr. J. Dalgleish, of the Bank of Otago. A few samples of pottery show that something is being done in this direction, and several varieties of cereals and agriculturai;products > prove that agriculture is progressing in Southland. A few woods, white, red, and black pines, totara, rata, broad-leaf, manukau, and goa, which exhibit the characteristics belonging to New Zealand timber, are sent by Mr. J. Smith, of Invercargill. By far the i most interesting exhibit is a series of manu- factures, by Mr. J. Scott, of Invercargill, of Now Zealand flux, which by various processus is made into wool lashings, spuayarn, thatch- ing, doormats, and twines uf various thick- ness. In appearance the various articles aro of the best class. THE QUEENSLAND COURT. This court, which nearly shared the fate of that of New Zealand, has been saved from an ignominious position by Dr. Mueller, curator to our Botanic- gardons, who has been, partly by accident, but mainly through his public spirit, its beBt friend. The history of the share which Queensland has in the Exhibition must in fairness be told. When the idea was started by Victoria, and assistance asked for, the Queensland Government voted a sum of money in aid of tho affair, and two local exhibitions were decided upon, one at BiiBbane, and one at Rockhampton. That at the capital was duly held, and in the end a small quota of the exhibits was Bent on to Molbourno. The packages were placed in the Queensland Court, and there they remained, no ono being appointed to look after them, or, if appointed, not caring to do so, till tho afternoon before the Exhi- bition was to open. In tho meantime, tho North Queensland Exhibition was duly opened at Rockhampton, a goodly share of exhibits was Bent to Melbourne, and M. Thozet, a largo contributor, asked his friend, Dr. Mueller, to Boo them fairly displayed. The doctor undertook the task, and the work was done by Tuesday morning. The question of opening the Brisbane exhibits was then brought beforo the commissioners, who asked Dr. Mueller to complete the arrangement of the court, which alto he has done as well as he could. Consequently the opening day found the place iu order, though tbe effects of the neglect of the Queensland Governmont wereplain. This was elie more to be regretted as there were in Melbourne severul Queensland gentlemen who would gladly have attended to the duty. Nevertheless, there was much that was interesting to be noticed. It seems that the woods of each colony form nearly its chiof exhibit, and Queensland showed no departure from the rule, especially in the case of the more northern province. The collection from Brisbane was sent by Mr. Walter Hill, director of the local botanic pardens, and it comprised about 120 pieces of indifferently varuiBhed woods, BO imperfectly labelled that one could only guess the cha- racter of each specimen. There was also a Bedes of bandeóme blocke, but they had to bo placed where they could be seen but little. O ae of the best of the exhibits consisted of several samples of cotton of different sorts. Some puru looking Sea Island cotton was sent by Captain TOWUB, of Townavalo, tho largeBt cultivator of cotton in Queensland, and who has imported a number of Kanakas from the South Seas in order to get tho best aid in rearing the plants. Some New Orleans cotton 1B sent by the Rev. Marmaduke Bell and Dr. Chulloner, two cultivators ; and two other samples of tho Sea Maud product are exhi- bited by Mr. E. H, Booth, late of Booth and Balsillie, a Melbourne firm, and Mr. W. G. Bailey, of Maryborough. Silk seen» to have received much attention, and no less than twelve cases of cocoons were displayed, but we had no means of obtaining any infor- mation respecting them, in timo for publica- tion now. Some dried beef, which was, wo are informed, extremely well spoken of in Brisbane, is exhibited, but only in case, so that the spectator's curiosity la not gratified. The inventor of tho drying process ia said to perform it on a tolerably extensive scale, slaughtering his bullocks where he meets them, and drying their flesh then and there. Sugar cane, mostly West Indian, has of late years been cultivated in Queensland with considerable BUCCCBS, but much difficulty is experienced in crushing. The samples of eugar shown were made by order of the com- missioner, and do not illustrate a trade actually in existence. The sugars are of a coarse kind, and were grown by Messrs. Warren and Ham, from canes seven months old, and Waldron and Co. The samples are packed in beautiful little kegs, made ot the wood of the silky oak. A case of colonial perfumo!, made by Mr. L. Carmichael, of Brisbane, shows how largely our perfumers are relying upon native products. Several shelves are full ot bottled fruits and pickles, which were well spoken of by the Brio bane press at the time of the ex- hibition, but at present there is little known respecting them. A few native arms and netB, pictures of hirds, and small matters, make up the rest of the Brisbane depart- ment. Northern Queensland, which has been settled only very lately, Rockhampton itself not having nearly reached its teens yet, makcBii very creditable show, the" more re maikable as tbe Brisbane commissioners not only granted no subsidy to Rockhampton, but, with singular discourtesy, did not even reply to the letter containing the application. KB main feature ia its timbers, which form the collection of M, Thozet, au enthusiastic j colonÍBt ; but they hove unfortunately been too recently cut to obtain the necessary season- ing. They have, however, the advantage of Dr. Muellei 'aarrangoment, and are doubly intores t ing as they illustrate the products of northern and tropical Australia, many of which have only very recently becomo known. Somo of the woods are highly poisonous, and the blacks cut off chips and throw them into the lagoons to stupify and catch the fish, after the manner of English gipsy poachers. Among others are Leichardt's-tree, which grows to a height of 100ft,, and the native mulberry, which fur- nishes fibre for the strongest fishing and kangaroo nets made by tho natives. M. Thozet also exhibits tho varlonB roots and plants which are used as food by tho abori- gines, and a email pamphlet with a minute description of these productions accompanies the collection. He has also a collection of gutta percha wood, gums and resin from the grass-tree, and barks, some highly medicinal. That of the AUtonia contlricta ia a powerful bitter, said to havo all the properties of quinine, and tho Severn-tree bark is used for the fame purpose throughout the colony. Others aro found to possess dying properties. Wool, the chief export of the colony, is only represented by four fleeces, of course but half grown, from Mr. H. St. George, of Rannes ; but nothing Is sent from the sugar plantations, which are steadily progressing ia the north, and from presoat appearances are destined shortly to become a large aourco of wealth. Although the country is lich in minerals, so little has been doneto make them available that the Peak Doms Copper-mining Company have alone smt any, but the richness of the specimenBare very promising. They include some ano malachite. Auriferous quartz is also dis- played, to indicate the fact of its dtscowry. Coal is said to be abundant, but as no mines north of Maryborough are worked woiavo only somo pieces takon from the surface and forwarded by Mr. M'Kay, of Coorawah Station, Mackenzie River. Two exhihta of Sea Island cotton and tree cotton shoit'that that source of wealth has already been thought of in this remote region. Manufac- tures North Queensland does not possesr, and a few photographs, nativa utenaitó and weapons, and other curiosities, complite the collection. ( THE WEST AUSTRALIAN COIRT. The colony of West Australia, which though established a3 far back as 18jD, is yet the most thinly populated of any of jhe Aus- tralian Bottlements.hasnotwithstandligitsfew (10,000) inhabitants, furnished a vey credit- able court, not abounding in evidences of prosperous industries, but somewlnb rich in resources of wealth which might becurned to enormous profit. The commissioners hero are Messrs. J. B. Were and li. H. ïjand, who havo published a special catalojie of the exhibits in the court, prefacod b:a series of valuable remarks upon the colonykndits pro- ductions. Chief among tho latter a-i the woods, of which Weßfc Australia may be ;tstly proud, for they comprise some of the mfst valuable in the world. The specimens tarnished aro splendid, and come mainly from' the Central Committee at Perth, aud Mesté. B. Mason and H. Saw, of the same city. ihe principal timber trees are of the eucalyptus or myrtlo family, and the most uaeful it all is that called jarrah by the natives, arjd commonly known as mahogany, which itflosely resem- bles. The visitor to see apéameos in the rough must travel to the annexe, where is exhibited a mahogany pile, wlich has stood twenty-five years under water, ¡nd is polished, to show the Bmall effect of woarand tear. This mahogany, of which thero aro'ample exhibits in the' court, is said to be die of the most enduring of all woods, and I cut when the Bap is down defies decay, ,tlme, weather, water, the white ant and sea worm, even the terrible teredo navalis. Thus copper sheathing vessels of this wood is found to be unneces- sary. Tooart, a variety of vhitegum, and a distinct variety of bluegum of excellent quality, are also exhibited, to show their close grain. They grow in immense forests to the southward of Cape Leuwin,and attain a vast height and size. West Australian sandal- wood is well known as a large export to Singa- pore andChina. They are all displayed in many ways, to illustrate their suitability for use and ornament. The former quality is exhibited as far as possible in the case of the mahogany, which, from its durability and power of defying insects, is said to be unusually suitable for dock-gates, piles, keel pieces, kelsons, and other heavy timber in ship-building. It has already been largely usoi in India for tele- graph-posts and roilway sleepers, which have to lie in sand, where the white ant is so destructive. The tooart is shown to be desirable for the engine-rooms of steam vessels, and any place,where there is great heat, to which it is not susceptible. The ornamental woods are shown in a series of splendid individual specimens, and a table, made to the order of tho Central Committee of Perth, and inlaid with mahogany, rasp- berry-jam wood, tooart, banksia,sheoak, pear, sandal-wood, cypres', Botiuwood, wando, tooart-root, and peppermint. Some buoyaand boat-models are also displayed, and a series of Bhafte, felloes, naves, spokes, ko, manufactured by Mr. J. Summers and Mr. H. Saw, of Perth. Mr. li. Saw »leo exhibits the best specimens of mahogany, one being a hugo slab, polished, Oft. long, 2ft. Oin. wide, and ljin. thick. Turning to mineralf, we find but a few speci- mens, but thoy are variad; nnd after pipe- clays, a few hone-ttones, and ochres, some iron oref, of which it is eaid there is an inex- haustible quantity in the province. West Australian iron was tried some time sines as against the iron of commerce and Swedish iron, and the colonial article was found to bo by far the best. It detracta irom the value of this result to find that the iron was what ÍB called magnetic iron, and merely taken from the surface. Some respectable hematite is shown. The specimens of copper are more numerous, and are brought from various partB ; bnt though the names of mining com- panies are given, there is nothing leading to the supposition that mining operations are carried on to any extent. Want of capital is the alleged reason. The animal products consist of a few cocoons of silk, aud some ambergris, which is plentiful on the West Coast. The agricultural products are few, and comprise a little grain and flour. In manu- factures the only important exhibits are a quantity of leather of different qualities, tanned and dressed by Mr. B. B, Ranford, of Perth. Some wins and olive oil show that this branch of industry has not been over I looked ; but no one visiting the court can fail | to be struck by tho specimens of raisins, which ' are apparently of a very fine quality indeed. ' There are two samples of these-one from Mr.¡ O. Ferguson, of Swan, and the other from Mr., Joseph Hardey, of Peninsular Farm, near" Perth; and on his case is inscribed the state- ment that he has made three tons of raisins this season, and two of his neighbours have made tvo and a half tons each. Surmouut-' ing the court, is an elegant trophy of native arms, arranged by Mr. E. Howitt, the late secretary to the commissioners, and in front is a table covered with natural curiosities, including valuable cases of native birds, from Mr. F. F. Armstrong, of Perth, and the Rev. Q. J. Bostock, of Fremantle; the latter gentleman sending a case of beetles. Mr. A. Shenton, of Perth, has forwarded a fine collec- tion of shells, corals, and sponges. . THE NEW CALEDONIAN COTTRT. I TheJnterestlng exhibition from New Cale donla, though a welcome earnest of friendship, from the chief French depot In the Soutl Seas, is scarcely Australian in its charactei It is none the less an evidence of the class o productions wo may expect from our nei neighbour, and as such we may be thankfc forme action takonlby M. Guilláis, Governb of tie island, in procuring for us so valuabl an addition to our exhibition. New Oaledoni is represented here by M. Mathieu, colonü secretary, and M. Boutan, director of tk Government model farm-an establishment f enormous importance, for to it the convia are sent in the first Instance, thero to learn t> practice the industries required by the settles to wfcom thoy will be assigned. It s expected that Now Caledonia will has in tho course of time large sugar arl coffee plantations; and the first objet that strikes the eye iu the court« is a row of canes of the native sugar, whio, after cultivation, is found to be very prodc tlvoo8 well as remarkably prolific. They ce sent by MM. Hoff nnd Marie, of Naku Takoj, andlsome sugar in a manufactured stafola exhibited by M. Jonbert, of Kof Nouma. Next, year this gentleman expects to mue SOO tons. Some rum mnde from the colorul sugai is also shown. The Government is taking great paine to get sugar cultlvked freely throughout tho colony, and a shirt time ance sent a steamer round the coastin order to supply the settlers with knots cutoff the cane, which take root quickly. Seae magnificent maizo is only a sample of«Ihe Bgiicullural produce of the island, and tau best specimens arc sent by Jamo Sont a Chinese colonist. M. Bontau has brouht .with him from the Government farm samples of various plants notably coffoes of the St, Len and Ceylon varieties, castor-oil aoeds, aoacia and Lamanou woods, and manioc. Coffeo grows well in New Caledonia, and only takes threo years instead of four to come to perfec- tion. Trees only two and a-half years old were found to yield each two pounds of beans There is some tobacco' In the court, but it ia" very poor. It grows nearly wild, and the Government aro manufacturing it for the use of the convicts. MM. Pio» et Albarot, o£ Eanala, exhibit excellent specimens of rica grown in dry high soil. Some swamp grown rice, even bettei in quality, comes from M. Füllet, of Nakety, near Kanals. Beans of the haricot varieties appear to prosper amazingly, as also, ground pistachios toidk taches de terre), in the South Seas, fw manioc, mentioned just above, is a sort CH tapioca, and has been reduced to gluten, which promises to be valuable, by M, Pancher, Government botanist. A largo number of nativo plante, yielding dyes, essential oils, illuminating oils, perfumes, &c;, are exhibited in their natural and manufactured states by M. Bavery, the Rev. MM. Mariâtes, of Noumea, and other gentlemen, and an enormous heap of Sea Mund cotton, fiom Llfon, one of the Royalty Islands, shows how plentifully it grows there. The minerals include iron and copper ores ; limestone, of which a bhiplaad was lately sont to Sydney ; and a huge Bpeci men of jade, closely resembling the famous green-stone of New Zealaud. Some photo- graphs will b3 found interesting, on account of the scenes they represent ; and from the Colonial Secretary's departmen t comesa trophy of native weapons, which As to be presentad to the National Museum or Victoria when the Exhibition is over. There is a large number of articles we have not noticed, which will on examination, throw no little light on tho future of New Caledonia. BATAVIA (NEDERLANDSCHE INDIE). A fow specimens of Batavian produce and manufactures aro exhibited in a part of the South Australian court, They wera only put there at the last moment, and have not yet been catalogued or labelled. Thoy include tea, pepper, indigo, tobacco, coffee, a variety of spices, silk, hemp, and a number of other tropical productions. 'MAURITIUS. The Mauritius exhibits have not yet ar- rived. THE OCTAGON. This division of the bnilding, from the nature of the articles displayed in it, has proved ono of the most attractive portions of the Exhibition. On entering, the visitor's at- tention is at once arrested by a largo and handsome clock, exhibited by MesBrs. Levy Brothers, Tho case, which is manufactured of ebony, polished so as to imitate black marble, ÍB about four feet in height, and displays in front a haudsome dial plate. Resting on the summit of the case is a female figure in bronze, from the right hand of which is suspended the pendulum, which works with what is known as the circular action. ThiB timepiece, together with a large ebony musical box, was manufactured in London especially for this Exhibition, and both secured during tho day a considerable amount of attention. The musical box differs from thoae of ordinary manufoc ture, ia having reed notus, which sustain a melody, while the metal vibrators furaisb. an accimpaniment, supplemented by a num- ber of leila, drums, und ou6tonets. The samo firm ethibitB unothor clock, which affords lnuch.aniUBement to the younger visito«. The timing of the wheels set in motion a mimic orchestra, and cause a number of puppe dancers to whirl rapidly round, music beingitthe same time furnished by the in- terior mechanism. Mr. J. Stephenson is also tie exhibitor of a musical clock, thu souncin this Instance being produced by a numbr of small bells. In another portion of the oartment, Messrs. Levy Brothers ex- hibitor exquisitely finished lady's dressing case, which contains a very novel and beaa'ful mechanical contrivauce. On touch- ing spring, a tiny hummiug bird makes its apperance, and flutters about, singing all tho'ima in 'u most natural manner- so natual, indeed, that any one merely hearing the.ound would be satisfied that he was listeing to tho notes of a real bird. After singigtorawhiletbe artificial songster makes a d19 into the casket, the lid of which closes witta snap, and nothing is visible bat the inteor of a very elegant dressing-case. Asa mahr of course, this exhibit attracted much nott, and during the day it nus surrounded by tpwds of spectators. ThiB novelty is the proaction of a continental mechanic, and it crefsd quite a sensation when exhibited at the'iondon Exhibition of 1802. It was placed in oe Swiss Court there, and it was com pufcl that as many as 60,000 visitero saw it in üo day. On that occasion the invention, whn exhibited in England, Bervad a very gol purpose, for through It a considerable But was raised for the relief of the sufferers by the Hartley colliery explosion; and, aopting the idea acted upon ia London, th exhibitors on the present occasion pro vías a money-box for the reception of con triutions for thu Melbouruo Hospital. In an- otar respect, Messrs. Levy Brothers follow ti example sot by a London exhibitor. OpoBitu tbe entrance is displayed an ex tesive assortment of RimmeU's perfumes, ad in the centre of the collection a fountain, cataining ten gallons of perfumed spirit, d charges a continuous and flagrant stream, ii which visitors are allowed to dip their bndkerchitfs. The object most attractivo tthe eye in this department of the Exhibi- ts, is a magnificent pyiamid of artificial 'twere, cut from paper by Mrs. Staff. Nearly eery known garden flower is introduced, laides several rare specimens from the htanical-gardens, including the dendrobium i Queensland, and the brilliant mass is 3ry prettily feBtooned with passion-flower ;ad honeysuckle, so admirably executed :at it is difficult to realise the fact aat they are artificial. The whole is announced by a cupala of roses, and » the centre of the hall, where it is placed, . more ornamental object could not have leen selected. The case, which is in keep ug with its contents, was manutactured by Messrs. Cooke and Richards. There wera oiany admiring spectators of the two îhimney pieces exhibited by Messrs. Huxley, Parker, and Co. They are manufactured 3f white Carrara marble, and carved in a istyle much abovo tho average. One in par- ticular is exquisitely done, and is equal, in point of execution, to many works of much higher pretensions. Mr. L. Veroll, of the Carrara Marble Works, Latrobä-street, ex- hibited some finely-cut figures in marble, tbe subjects being principally classical. One of the most striking objects in this portion of tho building is an elaborate piece of wood carving, about six feet long by three wide, the work of a Chinese resident in Melbourne. As it is almost impossible for ''barbarians" to understand Chinese art, the Bubject of the carving can only be guessed at; but It seems to represent the enactment of several scenes of festivity, and a mock battle. The faces are cut with great vigour and are full of expression, the prevailing characteristic being extreme joviality. As a piece of art, the pro- duction is quite wonderful in ita way, and fow would havo givon a Chinoman credit for the amount of talent which the artist has displayed. Interesting B3 connected with one of our future manufactures, is a fine collection of raw silk, in skeins and in the cocoon ; but as the exhibit is not ticketed, visitors are in the dark as to the producer's name. There are plenty of other colonial productions in this department well worthy of inspection. Mr. D. Livingstone exhibits some excellent antique bronze work, suitable for balconies, staircases, &c.;, together with some zinc mouldings for ceilings. Mr. C. H. Mende is also the exhibitor of a quantity of bronze work, consisting principally of models of animals. Some very pretty boots and shoes of white kid, tastefully ornamented, are exhibited by Mr. J. Sandow, of Sand- ridge, the whole of the materials being of local production and manufacture. Messrs. G. Jones and Clubb are the exhibitors of cases of surgical appliances, no doubt of great value. A fine collection of myall wood pipes was sent by Mr. F. A. Schinnerling, and the collection is accompanied by a splendid block of myall wood, cut crossways to display the beauty of the grain, and highly polished. For the admirers of a new and popular in- doors amusement, a case of Coppin's patent roller skates, exhibited by Mr. E. H. Frost, must possess a good deal of interest. The articles are very nicely got up, and are shown in such a way as to bring each portion of tho mechanism under the eye of the visi- tor. The collection of jewellery exhibited by Mr. Geo. Crisp is interesting, chiefly on account of a fine diamond, discovered by a miner at Beechworth, and a beautiful nugget of silver, obtained from the Excelsior mine, St. Arnaud. Messrs. Kilpatrick and Co. also exhi- bit a case of jewellery, including a large silver cup, intended as a trophy of the turf. All who take an interest in nautical matters will enjoy a visit to this part of the building, as they will see here about a dozen yachts ex- hibited by the members of the Victorian Model Yacht Club, besides several modela of sailing vessels and steamers. These include module of the Alabama and Jeddo, the former exhibited by Mr. G. K. Collins, and the latter by Mr. E. F. Cooke. A model of a lifeboat is exhibited by Mr. H. A. Severn ; and Mr. R. Wilson, architect, exhibits here his model of a floating battery suitable for coast defences, noticed in the colnmns of this journal some weeks ago. It is shown, in fact, twice over, the complete vessel being exhibited in the ?e case, while in the other a section only is given to explain the manner of working guns in action. Close by is a model of a stem-rudder, by Mr. R. D. Bannister, of Geelong. The inventor states that an increase of speed will be obtained by using this rudder, and he recommends its employment for river steamers, especially as the steersman being at the bows instead of at the the stem of the vessel, will be better able to avoid the dangers incidental to navi- gation of this sort. In connexion with this class of exhibits may be mentioned Messrs. Charlesworth and Sharp's patent composition for preserving ships' bottoms from the action of the sea-water. The freshly-prepared compo- sition is shown together with an iron plate, which, protected by a layer of the composi- tion, has been subjected to the action of salt water for eleven months, and of fresh water for six months. The number of ornamental articles in this department is very large, but owing to the neglect of exhibitors to affix cards to their property, many of them cannot be detcribed. It would be an omission to leave unnoticed the medallion portraits and figures exhibited by Mr. James Scurry. They Etre particularly well executed, especially a figure representing "Francesca," the heroine of Byron's " Siege of Corinth." Mr. J. S. Mackin- nal exhibits some very ornamental castings of fern leaves and flowers, headings of Corinthian columns, &c; ; and Mr. A. Stombucco has sent in an excellent collection of busts and plaster figures. Several life-sized deers, &c.;, have been forwarded by the Hon. W. Degraves. There is a pretty good display of wax flowers,, t&o; cbiof exhibitor being Mrs. Gaskell. Mr. T. A. Dunn has sent for exhibition a large assortment of chimneypieces, &c;, and Mr. Marshall a quantity of cricketing materials. A collection of coral and sea shells, all of great beauty, and obtained at Maldon Island ; an important guano producing coral forma- tion in the South Pacific, has been sent by Mr. S. de Beer ; and Mr. Thos. Reid, of Hotham, is the exhibitor of two splendid masses of white coral. A vast amount of labour must haw beon expended on an exhibit forwarded by Mr. Wood. It is a model, on a tolerably large scale, of an English church, and is con- structed entirely of sea shells, carefully joined together. Two figures of Australian natives—a blackfellow and his lubra—carved out of wood, are exhibited by Mr. C. Forster,and furnish another proof of the adaptability of colonial timber for such purposes. A consi- derable quantity of leather and needlework is exhibited, soma good descriptions of the latter eort being Bhown by Mrs. Claridge. Mrs. Lusher, of Fitzroy, has contributed a large vase in polichomanie, besides some specimens of dccalcomonie ; while Miss Oates, of East Col- lingwood, exhibits a vary fine anti-macassar, the pattern being a combination of roses and carnations. Not the least noticeable object in the Octagon is a miniature hilliard table of cabriole pattern, manufactured of figured blackwood, and suitable for the drawing room. The makers are Messrs. Alcock aud Co., who exhibit also marking boards, cues, &c;, to match. Mention must also be made of a pyramid erected by the United Extended Band of Hope Company, Ballarat, to repre- sent the amount of gold taken out of the company's claim from the date when the leas was first struck—the 25th May, 1861—up to the 21nt September, 1866. The amount of the precious metal thus represented is 91,652 ounces, and a memorial on the trophy states that up to the 28th August last the company hod paid in dividends to its shareholders no lees a sum than £228,800. THE ANNEXE. Without the extra space furnished by the iron annexe, it is puzzling to think what would have been done with a large number of bulky exhibits which have now had space allotted to them. In this portion of the building have been grouped all the carriages, agricultural implements, wool and wine presses. &c.;—articles which would have looked out of place almost anywhere else. Some of the contents of the annexe are described else- where, so that it is only necessary to refer here to a poition of the exhibits. Taking the most conspicuous first, the carriages will be naturally selected for the earliest examiua- tion. Proceeding up the building, the visitor's attention is quickly attracted by a magnifi- cent barouche, the manufacture of Messrs. Stevenson and Elliot ; technically, it is termed a C spring barouche, on account of the peculiar shape of the springs, and we are informed that at the present time it is the most fashionable carriage in use in England. The body and shafts are painted a deep chocolate colour, " picked out" withvermillion, and the brass ornaments are, to use a trade term, of " gun mounting." The snringsare delightfully easy and elastic, and altogether the carriage may be described as a highly-finished and perfect piece of work- manship. It is furnished with patent self acting steps, which let down and draw up as the door is opened or shut. In another por- tion of the annexe the exhibitors have on view a section ot the door and steps, showing the manner in which the invention works. Messrs. Stevenson and Co. also exhibit a brougham, a waggonette, and a sociable, all fine specimens ot the coachbuilder's skill. There is a peculiarity about the ornamenta- tion of the latter which should be mentioned, inasmuch as until lately it was beyond the power of colonial coachbuilders to produce it. It consists of a belt of imitation canework running round the body of the carriage, and is known in the trade as tube pointing, because the thin stripes of white lead resambling cane are pressed by the work- men out of a small metal tube. Messrs. Miller Brothers exhibit, amongst other car- riages, a very hondeóme bociablu, with rumble behind. Messrs. Cutler and Lever, of Bal- larat, havesent several samples of their manu- factures, including waggonettes, buggies, and tho small Bulky which attracted so much notice at the local exhibition. Owing, how- ever, to the necessity of economising space, the last- named exhibit is not placed in a position calculated to display it to advantage. Mr. Hackett, of Bourke street, is the exhibitor of a " canopy- headed " barouche, a buggy fitted with a turn- over seat so as to adapt the vehicle for two or four passengers, and a patent street car similar to those which have lately com- nienced plying on the Collingwood and Emerald-hill roads. The car is a very nice piece of workmanship, and it is easy to see, from the character of the springs and the novel method of attaching the shafts, that the vehicle is botb comfortable and safe. Mr. Crutch, of Melbourne, exhibits a brougham with a ventilating roof ; and Messrs. Proctor and Co., of Ballarat, a novelty in the shape of a double car, on four wheels, intended for use as a public vehicle. In appearance it looks exactly like two ordinary street cars joined together, and, of course, there are four wheels instead of two. Mr. Parrott exhibits a nice little quean phaeton ; Mr. Williams, a barouche and buggy ; and Messrs. Macgregor and Agnew, a barouohe, waggonette, and buggy. It would be impossible to particularise all these exhibits, but it may be safely said of all the carriages that they are excellent samples of colonial manufacture, and are a credit both to the makers and to the colony. A buggy exhibited by Messrs. Macgregor and Agnew, in conjunction with a barouche and waggonette, is worthy, however, of special mention, on account of a novelty in the con- struction of its springs, which are of india- rubber, instead ot leather or steel. By the use of a regulatingscrew tho spring can be altered to suit a different weight, so that the vehicle cun be made to ride easily, whether only one person or four or five occupy it. The principle is a new one, and we aro given to understand that no simllar vehicle has been constructed previously, either in this colony or elsewhere. There is a very good display of colonial ovens and kitchen ranges, the principal ex- hibitors of these articles being Messrs. S. Earnshaw, T. Nelson, F. Wallis, and M'Cal- lum Brothers. Mr. W. Hutchinson exhibits an extensive assortment of grates, stoves, umbrella stands, and other samples of iron-work ; and several fine safes, from the establishment of Messrs. Rooney and Roberts, are also to be seen. A large quantity of Japan and tinware is shown, chiefly by two exhibitors, Messrs. Hughes and Harvey, and Messrs. Rowden Brothers. Both of these firms are Melbourne manufacturers. To any- one desirous of comparing the many earth closets lately patented an excellent oppor- tunity is afforded, as no less than five different inventions have been sent for exhi- bition. The Earth- Closet Company have forwarded several specimens of Moule's patent, and the inventions of Mr. J. Brown, Mr. G. H. Stanesby, Messrs. Draper and Sons, and Messrs. W. T. M'Gill and Co. are also repre- sented. Messrs. John Perry and Co. exhibit a very large collection of colonial-bent timber, including shafts, frames for waggon tilts, naves, spokes, axe handles, &c.; These articles are of a very varied character, and afford a good illustration of the progress which colonial manufacturers have made in this direction of late years. Amongst the inventions shown in this department is a patent stove, intended to be used for the purpose of mulling or heat- ing colonial wine and other liquors, and the apparatus, no doubt, will prove useful to vendors of the productions of our vineyards. Messrs. Sparey and Bryant and Mr. Jas. Coop are both exhibitors of corrugated iron, &c.; ; and Mr. S. Sitch has sent for inspection some patent gas reflectors. Mr. M. Donaghay, of Geelong, has forwarded some splendid samples of locally-manufactured rope, varying in thickness from a quarter of an inch to three inches in diameter, and got up in a style highly creditable to the exhibitor. An ex- hibit of an interesting character is to be seen in this portion of the building, It is a model, constructed by Mr. H. A. Severn, of a new projectile, which is intended to be propelled through the water on the same principle as a rocket is projected through the air. This proposed new agent of destruc- tion, which is constructed of wood with a steel head, will float on the water and receive its motive power from the explosion of gunpowder in the shaft, as in the case of an ordinary rocket, attaining in this way, it is expected, a momentum of two miles a minute. The projectile, when it reaches the vessel at which it is fired, will strike it just on the water line, and it is considered that the crushing effect which will be thus pro- duced will be more effective than the pene- tration of ordinary shot. An invention of some value is submitted for inspection by Mr. Thos. Evans. It consists of canvas hosing, similar, it is stated, to a quantity supplied to several New Zealand fire brigades, and its strength has been tested by the pressure of the Yan Yean water. The same exhibitor shows also a number of canvas water bags, &c.; Venetian blinds, of various patterns, and apparently of excellent workmanship, are ex- hibited by Messrs, Sterry and Son, and Messrs. Carr and Son. A number of perambulators, the only ones in the annexe, bear the label of Mr. W. G. Houghton, and were manufactured by him at Richmond. A lifeboat, on a new principle, is exhibited by the inventor, Mr. J. E. Bates, and will be an interest- ing object for those who attach the proper amount of importance to inventions of this character. Another exhibit, which will probably attract the notice of many of the visitors, is a small outrigger gig of cedar, exhibited by Mr. J. Edwards. Portions of the grain sent for exhibition are to be found in the annexe. The samples are not all pro- perly ticketed, but amongst them could be discovered the wheat for which Mr. Brisbane, of Berwick, obtained his prize at the last grain show held in Melbourne; the prize bailey, oats, and malt of Messrs. J. Gough and Co., and some samples of the barley used in the distillery of the Warrenheip Company. There are several exhibitors of artificial manures. Messrs. Jas. M'Meikan and Co. have prepared a very handsome case, decorated with bones of different sizes and shapes, in which they display samples of bone-dust, bone-meal, and superphosphate of lime. The Victoria Ma- nure Company, Mr. J. Woodward, Mr. J. Cockbill, and Messrs. J. Collier and Co, are all exhibitors of guano of different varieties, but the samples, unfortunately, are not displayed so as to be readily examined. Al- most, at the far end of the annexe is a very fine collection of Tasmanian timber, exhibited by Mr. G. Boyd, which should, if possible, have been placed in a more conspicuous spot. Near the outlet of the building are some guns, tent by the Local Military Depart- ment ; they comprise one twelve-pounder Armstrong, one six-pounder Armstrong, and a three- pounder Whitworth, besides a forty pounder Armstrong, the latter erected on a platform on the promenade outside the build- ing. The exhibits of this department include also samples of every projectile in use in the colony, with shells of different kinds, cut into sections in order to show the interior of the missiles. In addition to these, there is a case of fuses, a stand of all descriptions of small arms employed in the colony, together with about 150 photographs in frames, giving scenes horn the different arsenals of Great Britain. In the passage from the great hall to the annexe is a very interesting collection of native weapons and other curiosities, exhi- bited by the Centnl Aboriginal Board, and some space is also occupied hore by a collec- tion of brushware, from the manufactory of Messrs. Stone and Zevenboom. Considering the buiry in which this part of the building was erected, and thd late period at which como of the exhibits were sent in, things have been got into capital order ; and although the annexe may not be so attractive to the general public as the other portions of the exhibition, it will well repay examination. MACHINERY AND IMPLEMENTS. The departments of machinery and imple- ments are, perhaps, the most important in this splendid Exhibition, for in a country where manual labour is'exceptionally high priced, contrivances by which it may be eco- nomised aro exceptionallj valuable. Neither J are these departments th) least interesting. Thcro is a kind of interest in moving and working apparatus that tho moat beautiful and curious of altogother inanimate objects cannot boaBt, and we expect to find the north wing and the annexe bectmo the favourite resort, at least for male visitors, while the show continues, and that'much useful in- formation will be acquired from observation of the machinery at work thwe. In noticing the machines and implements exhibited, it will bo the moBt convenient ar- rangement to begin with th« ongincs which drive the machinery shown in motion. Theje are two of Clayton and ShuttJbworth's port- able engines, lodged under shedi in the north quadrangle. One ia of 10 hora power, and its only task is to work a centrifugal pump, which throws into the air a stre»m of water said to be equal to fifteen tons ki a minute, which, falling into a basin in the centro of the quadrangle, Is again thrown up b} the pump, so long as the engine is kept in motion. This pumping apparatus ia exhibited by ttr. Wright, of Little Bourke-Btreet. Only nye or Bix horse power is required to work tbs pump, BO that the engine has an easy time of it. The other engine is of 20-horse power; and by mt-ana of a driving belt carried tirough the wall, and driving shafts and drlms carried along the roof of the north win», it gives motion to the several machines to be de- scribed. The two engines are 'ihown by MesBrs, Wilkie, Welch, and Co.; and the connexions were fitted by tho artifi|ers of the Railway department and Mr. Wright. Entering the north wing a fine lollection of implements exhibltod by Mr.F. 0,Chri6ty. locomotivo superintendent of the "Victorian Railways, commands attention. Fist, there is a loom for weaving lubricating bads for BXIO boxeB ol'carriages and waggons, loth the machine and its product being objectiof con- siderable interest. The loom, which ii hand- some in design and highly finishjd, was planned and constructed in the hilway 6hops, Williamstown, and it is in operation before the eyes of the visitor making \ kind ot plush web, something like Brussels carpet in texture, of cotton and woollen wan and cotton weft. The loom, its product, au the use to which the latter is applied, ah all worthy of extended notice, but for tbatthey muBt wait. Next in ordor of tho rahvay exhibits is a seven-inch self-acting strew cutting lathe, by Whitworth and Co., wjioh was yesterday seen in the act of cuttmgthe spiral upon a male screw. The cutting tool is not held in the hand of the attendent, but applied by the machine itself. 1A twelve-inch universal shaping machine, by the sume makers, is used for cleaning up castings which are to be used in machinery! and which must be wrought with the utmost;, precision. This ia a beautiful implement. It can operate on either flat or curved surfaces, and indeed no casting, whatever iti shape, comes amiss to it. Beside it is a hydraulic apparatus for testing steam gauges up to 1801b., ISO being tho highest pressure allowed on the Government railways. Attached to it is a gaugo with colonial improvemcits, beiug J a tell-tale index hand, which records the highest pressure to which the boilerhas been subjected, and which acts as a chick upon i diiveis. A machine for bending steel rings, by means of a long and strong levsr, rather puzzles visitors, as few could tell br Its look I what the use of it is. The ringB so bent retain some elasticity, and being placed wund the piétons of locomotive engines prevent ' tbe escape of steam by pressinr against j the bides of the cylinder In their effort to uncoil themselves. An impottant | colonial improvement in those rings, and in their application, ÍB exhibited. Also clack J and ¡lido valves, in gun metal ; a p&tcut; Bou- nding lubricator, which comes into use j when trains oro on descending gradients, and there iu no escape of steam to keep the piston rod moist; and an ingénions patent injector. But we cannot now spare- room to describe them at length. We may meution, however, that tho collection is bighly creditable to the skill of the mechanics in tho Railway depart- ment. A noil-making machine, exhibited by Mr. Hart, Queun-street, we shall deacribe when we bave eccn It in motion. Next to it ¡S a ma- chino, perhaps tho most curious of any in the Exhibition. It is a lathe, exhibited by Mr. Williams, for turning axe-handles, on the Ameiican pattern, and everybody knows what unlikoly subjects these are for a turning lathe. Still, the thing is done quite simply, and was done yesterday to the great delight of many observe«. Tho process ia very like that by which pictures are copied iu outline, whero one point describes tho linos to be transferred, and a marking point, connected with the first, follows its every motion at some little distance, and so inscribes the desired lines. Tho oddly-shapod axc-bandlos are turned in something like the Bomo way. Tho lathe has two sets of chucks, and be- tween the upper seta model handle is fixed. Bf-neotb. a piece of wood of tho proper size Is placed, between the second pair of ohucks, and as the pimped handlo revolves, it so acts upon the cutting¡lnetrumeuts, in contact with the piece of unformed wood, as to produce out of the second an exact copy of tho first. Even the square part of the handle, which fits into the head of tho axe, is thus turned into its proper shape. This is an American machine ; nnd after seeing it at work it is easy to understand how in that country shoemakers' lasts and wooden dolls aro turned in lathes. Mr. Farrell, of Richmond, shows a skin-Bplitting machine, which performed yesterday with great success. The skin .is dragged ard pressed against a formidable cutting knife, and boing kept in its place by a revolving cylinder, the two surfaces are cut apart. We saw a tanned (but still wet) liido BO split yesterday, and one half again split, with apparenteaso and success. It seems one advantage] of this process is that the piece usually fhavod off by the currtor and lost, ia by its means saved for use, in the form of a second Bbeet of leather from one hide. A knitting machine hy Long and Co., Bonrke-street, and a frame knitting machine by Bowley and Dean, of Lntrobe-street, come next in order, and the latter attracted a good deal of notice ; it is a stocking-making-machine, improved by the exhibitors on an American model, and In general appearance much more resem bloB ti sewiDg- machlne than an old-fashioned stocking-frame. A stocking was being mado by it yesterday, the cotton being drawn from nix reels, three containing white and three coloured yarn. So far as it goes, the instrument seemB to work Bpeeilily and well, but it.'can ouly make stocking legs, or rather tubes of cotton, like larca lamp wicks. Length enough for two stock- ings is knitted, and then the wob cut in two and feet made out of the leg matoiial- with what SUCCLES we had no opportunity to judge. Water engines nfxt claim our attention, of which five are exhibited, in motion, First thora is a disc engine, exhibited by the patentee and manufacturer, Mr. Wordsworth, of SwBnBton-streot. With as much Yan Yean Huid as an inch and a half pipe can supply it with, it is Baid to be of about three horsepower. It was yeBterday engaged in driving a printing machine, and seemed to work pleasantly and well. Mr. M'Kay, of Collins-street, exhlbitB a hydraulic îoaction tuibinc, with patent reflectors; and a small horizontal engine (tbreo and a half inch cylinder) cnpablo of being easily turned into a steam from a wator engine. Mr. Hender- son, of TAttle Collins-street, shows a highly ornamental and even elegant turbine whocl, which with water supplied through a half inch pipe will havo something like one horse power. This turbine has three re- volving arms, while Mr. M'Kay'a has but two. Mr. George Dunn, of Emerald-hill, is the inventor and exhibitor of a rotary wator ongine, which with a ljiu. water supply could, he informB us, be of lour-horse power. It has a reversing motion, and was at work yesterday like the others. 01 printing machines and presses there is a tolerable collection, and the old wooden engine with which Mr. Fawkner printed the Patriot in the early dayB of Port Phillip settle- ment, looks like a ghost among thom. A more remarkable contrast there could hardly be than botwetn this rude and primitive im- plement and the clockwork-looking machines of the present day, which almost Hoem as if they could produce nowspapers complete with no other help than the turning of a crank handle. Messrs. Clarson and Massena ex- hibit a double demy machine by Whorfdale, which waB seen in motion yesterday, and much admired. Mr. F. B. Franklyn shows presses and other material in some variety. Messrs. E. Purton and Co. aro tho owners of an excellent little machine by Woods (an English maker), by which one man eau print 1,600 foolscap sheets in an hour (tho work of about six men and six boys with a hand press). The machine is worked with a pedal. Mr. Calvert alßo supplies some presses and other materials. But the gem of this collec- tion is Messrs. Sands and M'Dougall's railway ticket-printing machine. It is a really beau- tiful instrument, and seems to bo as good as it is pretty. It prints 10,000 tickets in an hour, numbering them in arithmetical series, and printing numbers on both ends if re- quired. A very pretty spiral screw arrange- ment gives lateral motion to one Inking roller, by which means thu ink is equally and evenly spread over tho roller whloh comes into contact with the type. It is self-acting, both as regards feeding and flying, and if any irregularity occurs in tho supply of unprinted tickets, the machine Invites the attention of the attendant operator by ringing a bell. The numbering apparatus is simple and effective. Thero are four revolving wheels, each of which has the numeral types from 0 to 9 arranged in succession on its outer rim, aud tvery time a ticket is printed ono of these wheels makes a tenth part of ita whole revo- lution, and so prepares a new number for the succeeding card. This machine was much admired. An Imported machine, called "a devil," is exhibited by Messrs. Tronsou and Hill, of Lygon street. It is used for grinding woollen lags for flock, The rags are fed to the ma- chine between fluted rollers ruvoiving towards each other under strong pressure. Beyond is a 3ft. Gin. wooden cylinder, in which aro 10,000 steel pins of about threo-quarters of an inch loug, by which the rags are oanght and torn asunder, the cylinder revolving at the rate of 1,000 revolutions a minuto. A fan, re- volving at tho rato of 1,800 revolutions a minute, drives off the dust. Very considerable power is required to drivo this machine, and it can dispoBO of four tons of rags a week. A small hand comb- making machine will i bo noticed at a futuro timo. Mr, Selle, ot Canning-Btreet, Carlton, exhibits a frame for making mould candles, capable of making ninety-six at a time. Mr. Matheson has some excellent mason's and other tools, among which the most noticeable is a hummer for dressing bluestone, with eight faces, like a bunch of chisels. Marsden and Dean show a casa of well-finished toola for modellers and ornamental plasterer?. John O my bon exhibits a COBO of tools and knives for gardener's, butcher's, saddler's, &c;, work, which appcur io bo of excellent quality and iiniöh, Mr. Lugton, of Little Lonsdale stieet, has two machines which might vary wellhave been dono without, namely, o blow- pipe for inflating meat, and a squirt for injecting melted fat under the skin. It is to be hoped ho will be disappointed in bia ex- pectations as to their sale. Mr, DiermiBSen exhibits several specimens of cork and India rubber engine-packing. The construction Beems very ingenious, and we Bhould not be surprised if tblB new packing were to prove tighter and more lasting than hemp, and easier on the pintan rods than metallic packing. It consietB of cork or indiarubber, wire gauze, cotton and grease. Wo have boen informed that it is already extensively in use. Mr. Henson shows a bullet compressing machine, and a collection of gun-making implements and materials. A very highly finished tbrcbbing inuchino, belonging to Messrs. Robinson and Co., attracts attention by tho high polish to which its wood and metul havo been brought. It is a peg machine, without anything' novel in its construction. A wooden model of au electro-magnetic engino and some washing and amalgamating apparatus are also in this department, as iwell as a UBeful- lookiug hand apparatus for sawing timber, exhibited by the Hon. Mr. Anderson. A machine for dressing New ncaland flax, by Mr. J. Reed, ia, we presume. in experiment. On the table in the contre or this wing are many articles not yet noticed; among others, several working models of steam-engines, which would no diubt prove highly amusing to the public, arid particulaily to tho young, if the exhi- bitors could obtain a supply of Btoam and Bfrirt them. Some of these little engines are highly meritorious productions. There are also several tobacco cutters, which, though ex- cellent, do not scorn to possess any novel features. Leaving the machinery wing, in which no doubt there are manyusoful objects which we\have omitted to notice, we pass to the annexe, and thero wo again find a fine col lection of objects highly important in the industrial arts. Messrs. Danks,,of Bonrke Btreet, exhibit a fine glass-caso full of their own brass castings, chiefly suitable for gas and water fittings, and apparently extremely well executed. Mr. M'llwraith, of the Molbourno Lead Works, chows samples of lead piping and sheet lead of various thick- nesses. Mr. Coop, of Little Collins- street, shows a fine collection of lead piping, from six inches down to the smallest (composition) gas pipe used ; also lead wire. Mr, Fletcher, of Bourke-fitreet, has several samples of wire work on show ; and it is highly oreditable to colonial skill that in the last three named de- partments of industry the examples shown are considered by competent judges to be as good as could be made. The Btills exhibited are only three in number, and all are constructed to receive a charge of about fifty gallonB of wine or wash. The first is by Mr. Mitschke, of Adelaide, a very elaborate affair, which scarcely explained itself, and which the owner was not near yesterday to interpret. It has ' a great many voseéis and connexions, and ia in what is called by coppersmiths "dull work." The next is by Mr. Goby, of Lons dale-street, in half-polished copper, and has the distilling and refrigerating apparatus in separate compartments. This Booms a useful still. The third is by Messrs. M'Kay and Co,, Collins-street, ia of polished copper, and has two connected departments-tho still below, and a rectifying and condensing apparatus above. By this still the spirits can be brought up to any required strength. All three stills we presume to be chiefly Intended for vine- yard use. The moBt prominent objects in this nart of the Exhibition are the wool presses. Messrs. Fulton and Shaw and Messrs. J. Robinson and Co. show some really splendid ones, towering up into the roof and puzzling unln stincted observers. As Etrorg ns wood and iron can mako them, and as gay as paint and gilt can make them, they form quite a feature in the annexe, but we do not observe any- thing novel in their construction, except in the case of one of Messrs. Feilton and Shaw's, which we shall describe on a future occasion. Mr. Home, of A'Beckett-street, and Mesáis. Robinson and Co. exhibit Borne fine wine presseB and grape mills ; and the first named shows a really formidable- looking four-horse power bone-mill, Mr. Lugton, of Lonsdale-street, exhibits Bovernl use- ful articles, among which may be hero enumerated a patent sausage machine, with revolving block of Huon pine, and a lever by which the machine may be immediately stopped when that is required. Also, a road ßcraping machine of very light draught, its wheels being twenty inches. A sawing, plan- ing, boring, and morticing machine1, by Briscoe, for the use of joinere, is a compact and elegant machine. In cooper's work, there are some very meritoiious exhibits, among which some immense oaken wine casks aro not the leaBt noteworthy. Ohurns, English, American, and Victorian, are exhibited in ubundance, but we shall now only mention one. It is a barrel churn, with fixed dashers inside, but elung diagonally-that is, as if the axle rassed from the top of one end to tho bottom of the other. No doubt this engine would agitato tho cream ontmetcd to it in a very violent mannor, for besides tho ordinary rotary motion, it would be violently flung from end to end of the churn at every revo- lution. There aro many other useful and elegant farm implements, which we can scarcely hope to describe at length to-day. I Ploughe, harrows, reaping and threshing machines, grain crushers, chaff cutters, &c;, are plentifully exhibited. A drill by Robert- son and Co, may bo just mentioned. It ia for sowing artificial grasses upon virgin soil (without cultivation) ; which it accomplishes by a row of tinec, which make scores in the ground, into which the seeds afterwards fall, through tubes, To save trouble to future visitors, however, we must not omit to ex- plain the nature and nae of a very strange looking and bulky object in tho annexe, which everybody seems greatly puzzled with. It is an improved silk flour-dresser, manu- factured and exhibited by Robt. Doddington, of Quecnsberry-strcet, and though it looks out Bido like a twenty foot long meat-safe of eccentric shape, it ÍB a highly-finished article. In a shed beyond the annexe there is one of Mr. E. Chambers' stone- breaking machines, a very handsome spring-dray by Mr. Stewart, of King-street, and a few other articles. Out Bido thtre is another of Clayton and Shuttle worth's engines, anda large windpowererected by Meeera. Robinson and Co. This account of the machinery and implements in the Exhi- bition is necessarily imperfect, but omissions will bo supplied in future notices. MINERALS. 5 It was not an unreasonable expectation that in an exhibition, one of the main ob- jects of which was to afford evidence of the natural resources of the Australasian colo- nies, the department of Mineralogy would be ono of the most attractive of all to the student of the future. Unfortunatoly, the plan of the Exhibition has not per- mitted the grouping together of all the specimens of rocks, ores, earths, clays, &c;, which the various colonies have for- warded to prove tbeir mineral wealth ; nor have we been ahlo to " gather together in one court the minerals of our own colony. The arrangement observed in the first London Exhibition has been followed here, and thus it ia neceseury to traverse the great hall, catalogue in hand, to obtain the evidence which the Exhibition offers of the real natural wealth of Australia. That evidonce is of the most satisfactory character as to the future of this great island continent. Some of the colonies of the group possess in them ECIVCB mineral resources of the greatest im- portance to a manufacturing and self-re- liant community ; and what they lack others have to offer in abundance. Gold, as we know, is freely dispersed over the eastern colonieB. All of the group, including New Caledonia, are able to show ores of,copper of moro or less value; the rarer metala and minerals are well represented ; ond if Vic- toria, South Australia, and West Australia, ore able to make but a poor display of coals and shales, their comparative or absolute po- verty in this respect is amply made up by the splendid display which New South Wales discloses, and by the evidence Tasmania produces of the extent and importance of her deposits of coal. Iron abounds everywhere, limestone is not Ecarce. and if building stone is scarce and of indifferent quality in some members of the group, all of them posBesB cloys of the best class and of eveiy variety. Glancing round the Exhibition, tho oye is instinctively attracted to the pyramid of gold in the centre of tho groat hall. It points at once to the distinguishing fact, that Victoria is the great gold-producing colony ef tho Australian family. The number and 'pro- ductiveness of our gold-fields have hitherto presented attractions to the miner which ha YO almost withdrawn his attention from other kindred pursuits, and tho magnitude of the golden pile, as compared with that shown in 18G2, ÍB a proof that sluce the Exhibition in that year the mines havo well maintained their productiveness. It informs us that from 1851 till the 30th of Juno last, not less than 31,731,314 ounces of gold bad been raised, equal to a sum of £120,925,370. Large as these figureB aro, they aro not astonishing when we find in the octagon another pyramid of gold, which tells us that ono mino alone on Ballarat-tho Band of Hope-which only commenced to give gold 6ome two or three years ago, has up to tho Cth ult. yielded gold which was sold for £387,138. Not far from tho pyramid is a CBEO of auriferous quartz, exhibited by Messrs. Latham nnd Watson, of Hustler's Reef, Bendigo, which affords satisfactory evi- dence of the pioductivenoss of the reefs of the colony, and of what they are yet likely to do in supplement of tho yields from the alluvial mines. It contains a series of fine spécimens, from the cap downwards so far as the reef has been traced, and calces of gold obtained from the mino of the value of £10,000. Th ero is a particular interest attached to this display, from tho circumstance that the theory at one time propounded, that quartz reefs were not likely to be found rich in gold in the deep ground, came upon tho quartz miners of Sandhurst at a period of de- pression. Messrs. Latham and Watson, however, were not discouraged; they per- severed, and tho result of their labours bas been fortunato for the firm, and a very strong encouragement to quarts minors every- where. A cairn of specimens from the various reefs in the district around Tarnagulla ; a largo ond magnificent specimen from Show ring's Reef, St. Arnaud (which gave fifty eight ounces to the ton) ; a splendid case from tho Whip Reef, Sandhurst ; and a block of a strongs Muck quartz from the Eagle Com- pany, Specimen-hill, Eaglehawk (which gives eight ounces to the ton), supply soma evi- dence of where the gold represented by the pyramid came from, and that the lodes are Btill far from being exhausted. St, Arnaud contributes quartz containing both silver and gold ; and the mining department exhibits a remarkably fine samplo of silver from the Fribuig mine, prepared by Mr. Masters, nssayist, St. Arnaud. An ore of lead, con- taining gold and Eilyer, comes from the Ohrysollte-hill, in the samo locality. The Mining department contributes in a series of enees a collection of all tho minerals in tho colony, so far as they are known. To it ia added a choice collection of foreign minorais, catalogued and indexed. For this collection the public aro mainly indebted to Mr. Brough Smyth, secretary of tho Mining Department, to whom also wo o wo the mining and minorai statistics by which they are accompanied. Extremely interesting now, this collection »ill be very useful hereafter, furnishing, as it will do, a ready means by which the pros- pector can ascertain something of the truo character of tho discoveries which ho may make. A privato collection, by Mr. Sydney Gibbons, is also valuable, exhibiting every known mineral. Of the antimony found in the colony, and the usos to which it may be applied, wo havo illustrations in the collec- tion exhibited by Messrs. Clarke and Co., of tho Chemical and Paint Factory, Yarra-bank. They exhibit tho ou of antimony as it is found in M'lvor and other districts, the pure regulun to which thay reduce it for the- market, the white oxido of antimony, tho white paint of commerce now made from it in place of lead, and the red sulphate of antimony, or vermilion of the painter. A black paint can also be obtained from this material, bat it has not as yet been produced here. While speaking of this case we may also notice the splendid soda crystals it contains, mado at tho same works. A much later discovery in this colony than that of antimony has been that of the ores of copper. Those are found on the Thomson River, and a cane of specimens has been contributed by Mr. \Y. PeaiBon, on the part of tho Gipps Land Copper Company, which should asBißt in removing from Mr. Selwyn's mind tho impression he somewhat hastily formed that thero is not a copper mino where they wera found. They were taken about a month ago nom a lode eighteen feet wide ; there aro nine or ten varieties-black and red oxides, blue and green carbonates, yellow and grey ores, sulphurate, and nativo copper. Some of the samples aro of good BIZO, and the dis- play warranta the hope that copper ore, or copper, will at no distant day form a consider- able portion of Iho exports ofViotorio. A few samples of tin and tin-sand havo come down from the Ovens. Ores of iron aro exhibited, with some specimens of tho smith's work, made of iron from native ores. These, we regrot to cay, do not illustrate a living industry, no attempt having yet gone beyond experiment to woik the numerous and rioh iron ores of the colony. Of Victorian coal, the Exhibition contains no sample worthy of the name. A specimen from n 3ft. Gin. vein of coal-of tho full thickness of the seam-lies in the Mining department; but, from obvious causes, .tho Cope Patterson coal-field is unrepresented here, though small and stray samples have found their way in from out-cropping veins in the Cape Otway district, the value of which may hereafter bo ascertained. Of fite clays and pottery clays theie are numerous samples, and Eome excellent Chesterfield ware from the pottery of Mr. Guthrie, of Epsom. Pigment clays from the Beechworth district aro tho only clays of this class wa noted in tho Exhibition, and though the colours obtained from thom by merely wetting them aro rather coarse, it is posBiblo that in this , small exhibit there is tho germ of a future "native industry." Of roofing slates we have specimens almost equal in fineness to those of North Wales from Gisborne, und from the Penrhyn slnte- quarrieâ near Smeaton. From (ha latter thero aro also exhibited a good spe- cimen of tesselated pavement, a wall-cut chim- ney piece, with brown marble Inlaid, Camp- bell's Creak also contiibutes slates of a good and UEeful class. Of building Btones. the Vic- torian display is small and inferior. Magnesite Is exhibited from Strangways. Turning to a less useful, but very interesting feature of tho Exhibition, wo must notico Dr. Bleasdale's fine collection of colonial gems (in which specimens of tho diamond aro included); tho collection of Mr. Turnor, of Beechworth, which embraces a splendid Barluyite (or opaque ruby), some handsome cut cairngorms, a variety of the Btronge yellow hollow crystals, containing wator or oil, which havo been found in ono or two places only in the drift overlying tho granite near Beechworth ; and Mr Denis's, Mr. Berry's, and Mr. Uedley's col- lections ot Ovous jaspers and other inte- resting Btones. Beechworth alono has fur- nished samples of these peculiar jaspers; and the whole of tho collections from that district deretve attention. Giving the right of first placo among our neigbbouis to our French friends of New Cale- donia, wo wcro gratified to find in their col- lection some excellent, though peculiar, spe- cimens of copper oro, copper in quartz, chromo iion (which may compete with that of New Zealand), hydraulic and otbor limestones, and building-stones of good quality. There is also here a good specimen of greenstone, or jade-not EO dark ns that of Now Zealand, aud not so pole as a stono of the some family which hue been found on Diamond Creek. New South Wales baa made a fino display of her large mineral resources. A trophy of coal has been exhibited, showing a section of a 12ft. seam, but veins of 30ft, thick are being worked in the neighbouring colony. Beside this trophy (in tho annexo) aro other sections of Beams, varying from 4ft. lOln. upwards. The highly bituminous charaotor of the coal is apparent. We may remark that though this coal now bears a higher character in Cali- fornian ports than British coal for steam purposes, and soils for moro money, the mines were scarcely known abroad ton vonis ago. At that period samples of New cattle coal woro shown in Walis by coal masters there, and as everything in Aus- tralia is supposed to have opposite charac- teristics from the British article, it was whito in colour. Black swanB in placo of white, cherries with tho fitone3 outside, animals that hopped, but did not run, it was only in ' keeping that tho coal should be white ! They know better now in Wales. Noar these tro- j phioB are two of kerosene shale. The shale of tho Western Hartley Company now turns out 6,000 gallons of oil per week; while the works of the Wollongong Company produce 1,500 gallons per week of naphtha. Thora are also exhibits of kerosene shale from Burrangong near Pictoa, and from Liverpool PlainB, showing that a very wide-spread doposit exists of this valuable material. Jet coal, not quite so good as that of Whitby, ÍB brought trom Port Macquarie. The copper ores exhibited aro very rieb. Thoy are chiefly from tbe neighbourhood of Bathurst, and from tho Cadiongnllong Company. There is silver oro from the Moruya minos, where some rich dis- coveries have lately been mado, the presence of mundic in tho stone having previously interfered with the profitable working of the mine. The iron oro (brown hematite) from tho Fitzroy mines, is a fine sample; the presence of other minerals in the ore acting as a flux, and rendering limestone unnecessary for that purpose. Pig iron, fine castings (including a pretty Royal coat of armB), and a bell, show the uses to which the produce of tho Fitzroy fur- naces may be turned. Fire-clay, soapstone, meerschaum, sulphurot of antimony, pot- tery clay, eilicate of magnesium, and red-iron ora from Brisbane water, assist in giving interest and variety to this department. Having been unable to discover the locality of Queensland in the great hall, we pass on to South Australia, where wo find a very i-plendid collection of copper ores-as might bo expected from a colony where copper mining has been so long and so profitably followed. Theo aro ot all kinds, and a puiplo ore is placed amongst them, which is stated to yield sixty per cont. of copper. There is also a sample of silvor-lcad ore, but nono of bismuth, which has lately been fdUnd there. Western Australia comes out vory strong in copper, somo of the samples being really good. There appears to bo a fine field for industry in this branch of mining in that remoto colony. Iron ore, silver-lead, pipe- clay, jaspers, mudstone, gypsum, bitumen (from Nicol Bay), and a small specimen of coul are alBO among the exhibits. The Tas- manian collection as a whole is varied, though not remarkable. There aro gold from Fingal, topazes from Flindor's Island (of which Mr. Crouch, Hobart Town, Bbows a handsome case), black sand, serpentino, ligbt-coloured variegated matblos, and lime- stones that toko a fine polÍBh. Of coal and shale thoro are numerous speci- mens, hut all of them small. There aro specimens of the iron oro so abun- dant in the ¡Bland, and solitary speci- mens of copper ore and lead ore from tho River Levon, Fire-clays are shown in great quantity, and the Imill-stonos are a unlquo exhibit. Tho New Zealand compart- ments are still BO incomplete that we shall defer a notico of tholr mineral contents till another occasion. We shall only add onco moro, that the collection-taking tho colonies togother- affords a variety which is highly satisfactory, and which muBt powerfully affect in the futuro the prospoiity of the Australian group. THE FINE ARTS GALLERY. The first thing which strikes the visitor to the department appropriated to the Fine ArtB is the exclusivo preference shown by our principal artists for landscape painting. The beut pictures exhibited are tboso which re- present the scenery of Australia and New Zealand; and in each instance the treat- ! ment of the subject is special and character istic, bearing the cachet of tho individual. M. von Gnerard offers us a literal interpretation, idiomatic but mannered ; M. Chevalier, an agreeable paraphrase; M.Buvelot a free trans- lation, with something of a foreign accent ; and Mr. Gully a (poetical version. M. von Guerard sees things as thoy are ; M. Chevalier | as they might bo ; M. Buvolot as they would look under foreign conditions of atmosphere; and Mr. Gully heightens tho beauty of what he sees by tha power of his imagination. M. von Goerard's stylo ÍB distinguished by its fidelity ; M. Chevalier's by ita vivacity ; M. Buvelot'eby its sobriety; and Mr. Gully'a hy its dash and vigour. The ûist appears to work in obedience to his conscience : the second to bo guided by considerations of what will please; the third to bo governed by canons of art acquired in Europe, and ac- cepted as authoritative here; and the fourth to be influenced by a determination to pre- sent nature under those nBpccts in which it may be said that she undergoes transfigura- tion. M. von Guerard has the moro delicate touch, combined with a fino perception of local form and colour; M. Ohovalier groat facility of execution and a certain careless grace of composition; M. Buvelot points solidly, and the tone of his pictures ÍB har- monious ; while Mr. Gully's pencil is diroctod by a hand which is almost audacious in its boldness. Each of these artists is well repre- sented in the Exhibition. M. von Guorard by a fine picture of Mount Kosciusko, as seen from the Victorian sido of the Murray ; M. Chevalier by his sketches of New Zealand fcenery ; M. Buvelot, by some landscapes near Melbourne; and Mr. Gully by two largo water-colour drawings, which are among the most attractivo pictures in the gallery. The firBfc of these represents tho western tier of mountains in the Middlo Island, New Zealand. The foreground is lightly tim- bered with treeB, rich in foliage, bright in colour, and graceful in form; tho middle distance is occupied by a lake, dark with the reflected shadows of a dense foreEt, receding to tho foot of a grand moun- tain chain, admirably painted ; the general structure being indicated with sufficient force, while the faint and aerial outlines of the summits almost blond with the atino f-phere of the horizon, and their soft edgos have that filminess and transparency which always characterise the lofty ridges of moun- tains rising to a very great altitude, and encrusted with ice and snow. In fact, nothing can bo truer to nature than tho opalescence which the artist has succeeded in imparting to theso snowy heights. An effec- tive contrast to this picturo, both in subject and treatment, is presented by its companion, representing a storm on the Dividing Range, between Nelson and Marlborough. The phy- siognomy of the sceno is wild, massive, and irregular, and tho prevailing sontiment is one of loneliness and desolation, unrelieved hythe presence of any living creature, except a white-winged bird driven across the landscape by the violence of the gale. A thunderstorm is expendingits force upon thoiugged and impas- sive shouldors of the mountains, and the gloom Is both heightened and relieved by casual glints of sunshino from a break in tho sky on the spectator's left; ona ray of light striking upon a glaciar, unother falling through a mountain rift, and a third Hash- ing upon tho moist sward in the foreground, and so investing it with a burnished lustre. Both these pictures may be described as pocme, and wo may be grateful to the circum- stance which has made the artist known to the people of Victoria ; while it is to be hoood that eome genorons bonofactor to the Vic- torian Gallery may purchase them for pre- sentation toit. M. von Guerard's principal contribution to the collection consists of a viow of Mount Kofciusko from the Mount Hope Ranges. Tho timber in the foreground is treatud with greater freedom than he usually employs, although he etill continues to crowd an im- mense deal of not always necessary detail into a limited space, which somotlmes tends to break up the attention of tbe observer; But his scale of colour is BO harmonious and well graduated ns to give a feeling of unity to oach of bia works; and in thntundor notice, tho eyo 1B led on from the mountain buttresses, enveloped in a purple haze, to the jagged Eummits.Etanding out sharp and clear from tho rarer atmosphore which surroundsthem.byim perceptible stugos, until tbe mind receives that impression of altitude and remoteness which the artist has designed to produce. Besides the picture wo have named, M. von Guerard ex- hibits a view from the top of the same moun- tain-to our thinking the leaBt satisfactory of his productions ;',a beautiful group of cabbago ttees near the Shoalhaven River, N.S.W. ; a clump of tea-trees near Capo Schanck ; a view of the Western Tier, near Longford, Tasmania ; and others, of moat of which wo have had occa- sion to Epeak in terms of praise when thoy were first painted. M. von Guerard's name is also attached to some interesting tinted litho- graphs of colonial scenery, engraved and ex- hibited by Messrs. Hamel and Ferguson, upon whom they reflect great credit. Mr. N. Chevalier's tour in New Zealand has resulted in the production of nearly a hun- dred sketches of the xomantio and diversified Bcenery of that country, from brief and rapidly-executed memoranda up to finished drawings in water-colour; and depicting some ot its most striking features-its moun- tain rangcB crested with snow; its lakes lying in tho hollow of its hills ; its forests, in which tho gigantic trees are matted together with creepers and underwood ; its gloomy ravines and bleak passes ; its broad plains and sinuous rivers; its foaming cataracts and long stretches of sandy sea shore or rocky cliff. All thceo havo been depicted undoi thoir various aspects of storm and sunshine, morning and ovenlng, by a ready pencil and a skilful hand. Some of tho smaller drawing; aro particularly happy, and will, no doubt, furnish the artist with subjects for effective pictures. Of tho two oil-paintingsexhibited by M. Ohevalier,the"WannonFalls"and a " Pine Forest in Italy," we have little difficulty in awarding our preference to tho lattir, which represents the Bite of the villa of Pliny the Younger, near Ostia in Italy; whoro the rank luxuriance of nature appears to havo oblite- rated all trace of human habitation ; and tho pool of water, tho clump of treos, tho undor I growth of vegetatlOD, and th« general loneli- ness of the spot, recall somo of the descriptive pnscages in Hood's Haunted Bouse. Some notico of M. Buvolot's pictures has already appeared in The Argus, and the collec- tion of oil-paintings and water-colour draw- ings now submitted to public Inspection, con- firms us in the opinion we thon expressed. Thoy are all marked by breadth of handling and purity of tone, though deficient in that warmth of colour which belongs to au Austra- lian landscape, and which an artist fresh from Europe, and accustomed to the cool greys, tho holf-lightB and semitones proper to the less transparent atmosphere of Great Britain, the Netherlands, and tho North of France, would hesitate to use-would look upon, indeed, as gaudy, outrageous, and bizarre. Such a soft veil as rests upon the landscape there, rarely obscures it hore; but we seem to look through it rather thnn through the transparent atmos- phere of Australia in surveying M. Buvolot's views in the environs of Melbourne. We aro not Euro thnt tho picture does not gain in beauty what it loses in literal accuracy; while we might point to this gnntluman's treatment of our unmanageable foliage as an illustration of what may be dono by judiciout massing, to conceal the ugliness which it se often presents in detail. It is by delineating the foliage of the gum and peppermint trees, leaf by leaf, with pro Baffaellitish painstaking aud perspicuity that M. Gritten mars the effect of his clove! pictures of Australian Boonery, in which thcro is so much promise and such a visihl desire to givo a faithful statement of what hi sees in nature, that we should be glad for hi own sake to see him correct this tendenc; towards! minuto manipulation, by a re foronce to the example of M. Buvelot, whos practice conforms to that of somo of the bos landscape pnintorsin Kuropo. Mr. T. Clarke's copy of Mutillo'e " Spanlsl Boyp," in tho Dulwich Gallery, denoteB a care ful Btudy of the original as weil us a complet command of the technical resources of hi art. An original painting, entitled tho " Las Effort," represents two shipwreckod mariner on a raft-one dying in the mingled agonic of thirBt and exhaustion, and tho other feebl; waving somo article of clothlnpr to attract thi attention of a veBsel in tho oiling. Tho stn is setting luridly in the west, and throws inte relief the figure of the ship which, in a foi minutes, may drop beneath tho horizon ane corry with it tho last hope of the two sufferers The picture ÍB poetically conceived, but Ii somewhat eccentrlo in colour. Mr Clarke aise exhibits the norecB of Bhesus, and tho Fern treo Gully at Dandenong. Mr. C. D. Barraud's watercolour drawingi of New Zealand tcenory are bold in drawing but crude lu colour and deficient in atmo Ephore; from whence it results that thel outline is hard, and the objects detach them selves from the different planes of tho picton with unusual abruptness. Tho interest they possess is topographical, therefore, rather than artistic. Mr. S. T. Gill exhibits a number of water- colour drawings, illustrative of bush life, dashed off with great spirit, and executed with a dexterity and rapidity not always favourable to correct drawing or careful finish. Mr. Summers, tho sculptor, exhibits a marble bust of Sir Henry Barkly, and various medallions, in all of which his talent for portraiture is strikingly displayed ; and his pupil, Miss Thomas, likewise contributes a group in plaster, a portrait bust, and soma medallions, which denoto progress while thoy maintain promise. The pen-and-ink drawings of Mr. Monte- fiore challenge admiration on many accounts, and his copy of a sketch of the site of Mot bourne, made on the occasion of its founda- tion thirty-one years ago, suggests much matter for reflection in connexion with the Exhibition-building, its contents, and its surroundings. A collection of drawings, models andplastor casts, presented to the Board of Education by the Government of Italy, is not the least in- teresting feature of tho display in the Gallery of the Fino Arts ; to which also Mr. Bnrrows bos Bent eicht oil paintings collected In Europe, and bearing the names of distin- guished masters. A laigo water-colour draw- ing by Mr. H. Davis must not ba overlooked in this department; and it is to bo regretted that most of the works of art sent in from the other colonies do not find a place in tho gallery, but aro arranged with the lest of the exhibits in the great ball, and mostly in such a bad light as to preclude a satisfactory inspection of them. As might bo expected, photography, which constitutes on intermediate link between art and industry, gravitatlug towards the one or the other according to thu artistic feeling and capacity of the operator and the colourist, is largely reprcEentcd in this Exhibition. The various borough councils of the colony hovo sent photographs of tho chief public buildings in thoir respective districts, and those fur« nÏBh very impresBivo uvidonces of tho material progrees acbioved. Tho other colonies have likewise sent similar views, and the whole form a most valuable pictorial record. ¡1 To enumerate all tho photographers in this eily and suburbs who have availed thorn solves of this opportunity of obtaining publi- city .would for exceed our spaco, but wo will mi ntion some of tho moro prominent. Meßers. Batchelder and Co. exhibit a highly finished half-length life Bize portrait of Sir Redmond Bairy ; a portrait of Sir Honry Manners> Sutton, coloured with the delicacy of a miniature ; a child upon a couoh, charm- ingly painted; portraits of Mr. J. O. Lambert, the actor, in n numb« of his best parts, in which the operator has succcoded in seizing and fixing tho most evanescent traits of cha- racter and e^preEBions of countenance ; nearly a .hundred visitors to the Fancy Dress Ball given by the Mayor of Melbourne, portrayed in the cabinot size ; somo exquisite photo- graphs in imitation ot miniatures on ivory; and portiaits of all the governors of Victoria, from Mr. Charles J. La Tiobe downwards. The so latter have ail tho appearance of original watercolour drawings. Messrs. Johnstone and O'Shanncssy display a choice collection of portraits, includiug ono of His Excellency the Governor ; the largo sized medallions being especially entitled to praise, on account of their softness and deli- cacy, closely reEombling a sepio drawing. Mr. Perry's exhibits in this department are very numerous, and includo portraits of Sir Charles Darling and most of the members of his family, coloured with great nicety, while the general tone of Mr. Perry's pictures Is harmonious and pleasing, Mr. M'Donald has a striking portrait (among others) of the Duo de Pentklèvro; nnd this operator's views of suburban resi- dences help to prove tho peculiar adapta- tion of the photographic proceBB for tho re- presentation of architectural structures. Eight views of Melbourne from the clock tower of the General Post Office, exhibited by Mr. F. W. Robinson, will offer to strangers a capital and comprehensive idea of the extent, the topography, and the principal features of the city. Messrs. W. Davios and Co. contribute a great variety of photographs, plain and coloured, many of them enlarged to life-Bize, and easily recognisable in tho case of public characters, by their vraisemblance. In thiB notice, it has been found im- possible to do moro thau offer an out- line of tho contents of the Fine Arts Department of the Exhibition, passing over much that may be reserved far future comment, and omitting many thing* that elude attention on a first visit. Up to a late hour yesterday many of the exhibits were not placed ; others woro only tem- porarily arranged ; and tho crowd of visitors attracted by the opening ceremonial prevented anything Uko a leisurely and critical Buivoy, while the meagre entries in the cataloguo furnish but slight assistance to those whoso duty it is to roport on tho contents of tho Gallery of Fino Arts. THE CONCERT. The second grand concert in connexion with the Intercolonial Exhibition came off last evening with decided success. The Na- tional Anthem was given as in the former part of the day, with the conductor's har- monies, and including the melody as a solo, sweetly sung by Miss Watson. The first part of the concert consisted of the "South Sea Sisters," a lyric masque of unquestion- able merit, by Mr. R. H. Horne, the "incidental music," of which was composed by the conductor, Mr. O. E. Horsley. The symphony intended to convoy the idea of the primeval wilderness reminded us of Haydn's Chorus, but without the appropria- tion of a single phrase. The sombre cha- racter of the music was sustained by striking and original passages in the first chorus, "Deep in the stony silence of the earth, the wealth of nations lies;" and then come the rich tone of Mr, Angus, in the recitative, "The deep hoarse mirth quells." Part 2 began with chorus, "The rolling ships and the rolling sea," displaying ingenuity, if not yielding much pleasure. Then came "The March of All Nations," illustrated by their national airs, in which the composer managed to introduce and combine with sur- prising ingenuity several popular airs, which appeal to the sympathies of all Britons. The first verse ran thus:— "Old England's sons sail forth with three cheers For roast beef, Jack Tars, and the Grenadiers, And Erin comes with her native harp, And the warlike pipe of the Scot is shrilling. And Shenkin of noble race seems willing." The chorus— "Alas, for the loved ones we leave behind, who sigh as they gaze on the vacant seat—" should have been marked P.P.; its effect was somewhat marred by being too loud. The chorus is intended musically to imitate the native corroboree, and shows wonderful versatility in the composer. The words were so rendered by the chorus as to electrify the audience, and bring down thunders of applause. The trio, "A heavy purse I proffer thee," was a pleasant change. Miss Watson, Mr. Donaldson, and Mr. Angus, have seldom been heard to such advantage as in this little gem. Mr. Donaldson gave the tenor solo, "I stand upon the listening shore," in his best style, and was deservedly applauded. An "Exhibition March," by Mr, J. Summers, M.B. was then given by the band. The overture to "Robert le Diable" had been announced in the bills, but Mendelssohn's "Midsummer Night's Dream" was happily substituted for it, and considering that this celebrated overture tasks the powers of the best orchestras in Europe, the effect was striking, and afforded a high treat to the lovers of the highest class of music. We were strongly reminded of the evening concerts of the English festivals. The Trium- phal March and Chorus, by Signor Cutolo, was most cordially received, and deservedly so. The words were written by Dr. Nield, and will repay perusal as a poetic description of our adopted land. The point, energy, and exquisite rhythm of this march made its im- pression. The overture to the opera—"The Gentleman in Black," by Mr. S. H. Marsh, a musician of a high class, long resident in these colonies, was next performed, and fully sustained the reputation achieved many years since by him as a composer. This was followed by "Farewell to the Forest," by Mendelsshon, which, as a specimen of unaccompanied part music, gave unmingled pleasure. The fusion of voices and the light and shade were such as we seldom hear. The "Exhibition March," by the conductor, given in the former part of the day, was repeated, by desire, and with increased effect. The band evidently appreciates this composition, which, if we mistake not, will find its way to Europe be- fore long. In conclusion, it may be safely affirmed that this concert has rarely, if ever, been equalled in the colony. Added to which, it must be remembered that, with a few excep- tions, the poetry and music rehearsed were the production of resident authors and artists. 