THE OLD FAMILIAR FACES. BY CHARLES LAMB. I HAVE had playmates, I have had companions In my days of childhood, in my joyful school-<*> days; All, all are gone, the old familiar faces. I have been laughing, I hare been carousing, Drinking late, sitting late, with my boson cronies * All, all are gone, the old familiar faces. I loved a lor* ones, lancet among women % Closed are her doors on me, I must not see herl— All, all are gone, the old fi"*"l'^ fawn. I had a kind friend, a kinder friend has no man; Like an ingrato, I left my friend abruptly % Left him, to muse on the old familiar faces. Ghost-like, I paced round the haunts of my childhood, Earth seem'd a desert I was bound to tr areas, Seeking to find the old familiar face*. Friend of my bosom, thou more than a brother, Why wert thou not born in my father's dwell ing? Bo might we talk of the old fiiniliar faces. How some they hare died, and some they have left me, And some are taken from me; all are departed; All, all are gone, the old fW"»K»> faora. Thb Stdxit Laxd Ornci.—The beer trade inDeniliquin must be extensive, as • second brewer, Mr. Elliott, of Sandhurst, is about com mencing his buildings. He has purchased about fire acres of land on the river, just below the parsonage, for the sum of £225. The sale was effected through Mr. Monk. Mr. Dor wood and Mr. Elliott hare a fair start, and we wish them both success. Mr. Dither, of XXX celebrity, had been in the field for months, but rested bis hopes on that beautiful OoTernment department, the Sydney Land Office, where he applied many months ago for a lease of land under the Act for erecting a brewery between the two towns of North and South DeniUquin. He might well hare applied Dante's inscrip tion on the lower regions- All hope abandon, ye that enter here. To hope for anything useful from the Land Office a verdantness on the part of Mr. Duher not usually attributed to colonists of so many years' standing. He had not only appealed to the Land Office in a legal form, but he had written several letters to the local Crown Lands Commissioner, Mr. Lochhardt, who had never repKed to either; he is " over the hills and far away;" perhaps under die rery nose of the Sydney Land Department, or per haps on the green lulls of Tumut—a far more pleasant place to lire at in the heat of summer, we admit, than the torrid plains of Birerina. Still he draws his pay, we presume, as " our Commissioner" of Southern Siverina; whereas, as far as we were concerned, he might just as well be a mandarin of the Chinese empire, wearing a long pig-tail, faithfully serring the Brother to the Sun and Uncle to all the Stars. Now, if we consult an attorney, he is responsible for the proper conduct of our case, and for certain laches he is responsible, and damages can be had against him; it is not so in the ease of a Government officer, or Mr. Duher could reeorer against Mr. Commissioner Lockhart. But the case of Mr. Dishcr is the case of hundreds here, to our cer tain knowledge; it has been so these ten years. We can but sympathise with him, as we do with others, while we are exposing the scandalous neglect of the Government Land Department. Ihe new Ministry in Sydney hare gone in on the force of retrenchment and the better admin istration of existing laws rather than on the prospect of making new laws. This is a princi- Ele that we hare all along contended for. We are laws enough ; we say with Pope— For forms of government let fboto contest, Whate'er U best administered is bert. If the new Ministry are men of action, and visit with the severest penalties every official delinquent in the sereral departments of govern ment, they are the people's Ministry in the true sense of the word, and are deserving of popular ! support. But we admit to certain misgivings as to our being near enough to Sydney to attract the eyes of supreme officials, and our best is done when we protest against official negligence here, whereby, and we speak unhesitatingly, so many mea have been ruined.— Pastoral Time*. Whkjt Anak, the French giant, went to Marlborough House, the Prince of Wales, who was expecting the Duke of Cambridge to dinner, requested the giant to be hall porter lor the occasion, much to the Duke's amazement and amusement. — Court Jouraal. 