t9-"" mmmm,mmm THE CLOSED STAIRCASE. I was walking up and down the cloistered court of St Oswald's, with my friend Bryce. one evening early in the Lent Term of 185—, It was only my second term of residence, and as Bryce was on the point of taking his degree, I regarded him with a considerable amount of respect, not to say awe ; for he it was who had allowed me to rub off my fresh I ness lipon him, and saved me, by many a timely hint, from several of the errors and gaucheries incidental to the uninitiated in undergraduate life. I had fagged for him at school, and the mutual friendship once begun there, and interrupted for a space of three years by his residence in the University, had now sprung up again more warmly than ever. And now, meeting again after the vacation, which he had spent in hard reading in his college rooms, there was the usual comparing of notes on every conceivable subject, slipping by imperceptible gradations from skating to politics, from politics to theology, and thence round again (taking in the origin of evil, and the intermediate state of existence by the way,) to the chances that so-and-so had of obtaining the vacant university scholarship. At last it seemed as if we had pretty well exhausted everything " conversablethe current of our talk flowed in a shallower and still shallower stream, and we were on the point of separating for the night, which was far advanced, when a casual question of mine altered the whole course of affairs, and kept us out of respective beds for a considerable I period longer. It arose thus :—from the the court, at regular intervals, staircases (opened, each one leading to three or four different sets of rooms, all with their occu pants, as there was never a set of rooms vacant for any length of time in college. | But in one part of the court at the south corner, where, in the natural course of things, one would have expected to see a staircase likewise, there was simply a door shut close. | Passing it for perhaps the hundredth time in our circuit ©f the court, I carelessly ticked against it, noticed that it was fast, and had ! no handle, keyhole, or other means of open ' ing; and turning to Bryce, asked whether a sham door was supposed to be either useful or ornamental by the intelligent architect of I the court. To which he replied with rather a meaning smile j "Decidedly useful in this case, if tradition is to be believed." " What, said I, " is there some special and peculiar vintage of old port, reserved for the [ most solemn carouses of most ancient fellows, to which admission is gained by a secret [spring, known only to the hereditary and inviolable butler ?" | " "No" said he, laughing. " Bottles, if any be behind that door, must deserve the sobriquet we give to empty ones, as we roll them into the corner of tne room at supper time,—' dead men.' However if you. choose to hear the story as it was told to me by my old Tutor, who was a junior fellow of St Oswald's when the events causing that door to be closed took place" (here he gave it another kick, which made me cold to my toes), " and ifyou will do me the justice to believe that I am not practising on your ingenious innocence, I am entirely at your service." Of course I gladly assented, and thought I had felt so sleepy five minutes since, at that moment I could have warranted to keep awake for a week. Bryce started off with the story, which Igive in his own words, as far as I can remember them:— _ # < _ " J jihinV I came up here better initiated tli an most men ia flie iore of the university, owing to old Johnson, Who spent at least half the time when he ought to have been polish ing up my Greek Iambics# in reciting thril ling tales of his own undergraduate lifej striking, undoubtedly, most of them were, and much better fun than composing a dialogue (a long way) after Sophocles; none of them have, however, retained so firm a hold on my mind as the one connected with, or rather sealed by that door. It appears that one of his most intimate friends, named Marsden, moved into those rooms only a short time before his degree, having pre viously ' kept* in-the town. The college was not so full then as now; many other colleges, which have now sunk into comparative insignificance by the side of St Oswald's, were then Competitioners with it in po*nt^ of numbers; and ne chose those rooms as being in a quiet and retired corner of the court, where he might adventure that often repeated, but generally unsuccessful experi ment of making up for three years' laziness by three months' reading. He had got com fortably settled in the rooms, and had- began carefully to parcel out the day, as is the custom of reading men, into dabs of study, meals, and exercise. One evening, it was the 15th of November, 179—(he had every reason to recollect the date), he was returning home, rather later than usual, having been detained at his ' coach's' rooms, over an unusually refractory and hysterical Greek chorus, when he noticed in ascending, the stairs to ^ his rooms an unnsiml illuminatian in the sitting room. Not being sore whether he might not have left his candles burning, or whether his bedmaker, who was not averse to brandy, had fallen a victim to spontaneous combus tion, and was an unwilling holocaust on his hearth, he hurried up and in, when a most remarkable sight presented itself. The room was brilliantly lighted by wax candles, fixed in sconces against the wall, and in massive: candelabra, evidently old college plate, which, were set on the table; the table itself extended from end to end of the apartment* and on each side were seated young men in the dress of the end of the seventeenth or early part of the eighteenth century, carous ing much after the manner of their descen dants of the nineteenth. The post of chair man was occupied by a remarkably handsome young fellow, somewhat older apparently than the rest, and with a countenance which bore unmistakable signs of dissolute living, and who seemed everynow and then troubled by some unpleasant thought which clouded his. brow, though he was the life of the party, and seemed to be continually firing off fresh witticisms to keep them going. But still his mind was; evidently not there; hekeptglanc-* • ingat the, door, as though expecting some one to enter; and now Marsden noticed for the first time the seat,on the right hand of the host was vacant. No sooner had he noticed this (for he stood at his own door spell-bound, but with every faculty, save that , of speech, at its extremest tension), than the seat was filled, and filled by a fair young man, whose boyish and innocent cast of features strangely contrasted with that of of the head of the table. Over the face of this latter, as the youth entered, there seemed to pass a malicious smile, as he lifted his glass, and pledged the new comer. While this was going on, Marsden was not conscious of hearing any sound nay, by a sort of double sense, while kept alive to the quasi realiiy of the scene before Mm, he could see, as in a shadowy back ground his own books, surmounted by his own bust of Plato, which looked far more ghost-like than the ghostly banqueters. " And now "the drinking seemed to become fierce; the youth on the right hand, who at first refused wine, was yielding to the polite entreaties of his next neighbour (who again andagain motioned to the servants to replenish , his glass), and was gradually becoming flushed and heated. The whole company appeared to get disorderly, healths were drunk with great rapidity, and all the well known accompaniments of undergraduate suppers in their most advanced stage, seemed to be taking place ; and just at this time Marsden noticed that the countenances of all the others, with the exception of the fair guest, were such as would stamp them as belonging to what we should call the ' worst setand their expression was not improved by intoxication. At last all sefemed to be either asleep or maudlin, save the host and his next neighbour, who, doubtless, from the lateness of his arrival, together with his abstemiousness at first, had thus held-out. But now he too seemed rapidly becoming like the rest, when on a sudden the host rose, went to a small cabinet (for the servants had quitted the room), and took thence a small bottle labelled * Tokay.' Billing a .glass, he handed it to his friend, who drank it off with, a sort of foolish half-tipsy smile; but in one instant the smile changed to an expression of pain, then to one of horror, and then^as he caught the eye of the host feed on him in malicious triumph to one of indescribable hate TWfllring a violent effort to rise from his chair, and a fruitless one to clench his fist, and striker his foe, his whole frame relaxed and fell forward; and-at the same moment there was $ hideous groan, and the whole sight— supper, guests, poisoner and poisoned— vanished, and the room was in utter dark ness. . "Marsden awoke to find himself in his bed, diligently attended by his old bed- maker, "who was giving him and herself alternate spoonsful of brandy and water. "The state of insensibility in which she had found him* required, alas! no explana tion from him in her eyes, as it was not a Very uncommon experience of hers to discover her " young gentlemen," one or more of them, prone on the floor, rather than on the beds,' of their apartments on her arrival in the early morning, and had she sought for or expected any account, Marsden was by no means in a humour to give one. At first, indeed, he made up his mind to tell nobody, and of course ten minutes afterwards, when his friend Johnson came into his rooms, he detailed his strange vision of the preceding night at length. Sad to say, Johnson's coun tenance expressed the belief that Marsden jbad returned for one night at least to the somewhat reckless orgies which had adorned his early terms of residence, and was suffer ing in consequence thereof, and his only com ment on the story was, " My dear fellow, if yon will go on getting drunk up to the threshold of your degree, you mil most undoubtedly be plucked." So Marsden said no more, and merely contenting himself with writing a brief abstract of that scene which he himself knjew not how to account for he did the most sensible thing under the circum stances, and tried to forget all about it. A month rolled by, the term waned, all but a few steady readers were departing, or had already departed, to their homes for Christmas. The fifteenth of December Was just closing in, gloomy and damp, and Marsden settled, with a wearied sigh at the vanity of life, such as is not uncommon at two-and-twenty, to his books. Wonderful: to relate, he got interested, and several hours flew by without his relaxing his attention.: However, on looking at his watch, and seeing j it close on midnight, he was drowsily deter- j mining to go to bed, when on a sudden his whole room seemed to become illuminated. He was at the time standing at an upright desk for reading in one corner of his room, and instantly faced abmt. To his horror and astonishment, he beheld the same scene already described, of the supper, and the poisoning, reenacted in every particular. " 4 We shaU get you better soon, old boy, said Johnson to him, as lie bent over him -about a fortnight after the above date; " but you have succeeded in reading yourself into a brain fever, and may consider yourself lucky that you have escaped with no worse consequence than temporary baldness, and the # appetite of an ostrich." " Morsden replied by two questions: - " f What day of the month is it ? and when can I be moved?'' " 'It is the second of January, and in| about a fortnight's time we may get you away I from here. . , "To Johnson's surprise, and almost alarm,! Marsden sprang up, or rather half sprung! up, in bed, and, seizing him by the arm, j said: j " * If you don't get me away in less than a fortnight, you may spare yourselves the trouble, for the undertakers will do the job more satisfactorily." j "Johnson endeavoured to quiet him, think ing, not unreasonably, that the fever had not jet left him, and indeed he was worse for some hours afterwards. But later in the evening he repeated the story he had told to my old tutor six weeks before; and John son sensibly informed the doctor, when he called, of his friend's dread of a repetition of the same scenes on the corresponding day of January, if he were suffered to remain so long: and with considerable risk to Marsden, happily unattended with bad results, he was moved out on the fourteenth of that month. " The rooms have never since been occu pied." "Well,1' said I, as Bryce paused here, hadno one the conrage to bravethe spectral symposium ? " " Yes," said he, " the next night Johnson made a point of sitting up in the rooms, but he unfortunately had taken so much in the way of gentle stimulants to nerve him for the expected terrors, that he awoke, after a somewhat uncomfortable slumber at four o'clock in the morning of the 16th to find himself in profound darkness, and with a violent cold in the head." " But," said I again, " was no explanation ever offered of "the extraordinary scene of which Marsden was witness P " Only this, replied Bryce: some week's afterwards, when he was slowly recruiting his health at his father's house in Iieicester shire, he found among a bundle of old papers in a disused room, a strange confession of an ancestor of his, whom he had heard of as a wild fast liver, who had suddenly sobered down, gone abroad, and turned monk, but of whose history but little was known. The manuscript contained a very ordinary account of' love and jealousy, induced by a handsome young rival in the affections of a certain young lady, ending with an obscure vow . of vengeance against him., Then came a blank, and afterwards these singular words " 'N6v. 16,169—: Good God! am I to go through that horrible evening again ? Not a soul but myself knows or suspects that I had ^anything to do with his death ■* they put it down to excessive drinking and excite ment ; and here am I forced by some fiightful fate to commit the same ghastly crime in spirit as each fifteenth day of the month comes round I Forgive me, xO God!—but I know it cannot be. I must carry about a living hell within me till I die I' Here the MS. ceased abruptly. Whether its contents were intended to be made known by the unhappy man (who before the end of the year haa^ quitted England for ever), or to be left in obscurity, it is impossible to say. At any rate, the narrative was not found till the time I mention, and I need hardly My materially retarded Marsden's recovery, ife was never able to ascertain whether the vision had appeared to others before his time, or whether, as a descendant of the murderer, lie had been specially favoured in the matter. Nobody else ever repeated the experiment, which failed in Johnson's case, for the story came to the Master's ears, and as the rooms occupied by Marsden were not particularly convenientorparticularly wanted, as he had a great dislike, as he said, to further addling the brains of undergraduate members of the college by any additional distraction, he caused the door you see at the bottom of the staircase to be> fixed firmly in its place : -and it hasn't, as far as I am aware, occurred to any succeeding college authorities to have it opened since. But I do not despair of a seance being held there yet, as there are one or two of the junior fellows who believe in that sort of thing,— and in nothirig else. But come," concluded Bryce, " I ought to have been in bed hours ago, so, if my fire has not hopelessly subsided we will eontrive a small jug of * Bishop' before we turn in." —Once a Week. W. J. L. 