. » SPER1TS OF JUST .MEN." A following sermon was preached at Water- priiolrncnr-BrBn(lon","before"the- warr " I may say to ynu, my breetliering, that I nm ni.t mi edeeated man, an' I>am not oue o' them as bloeves that odecntion.is necessary fur a Gospel minister ; fur I Ideeve the'liord ede- caws i:ia picNvitcta jcm» aa uc wniiia vui iu iw edeciited ; nn', although I ray it is as ouglitu't to sny.ii, yet in the stole of Indiuuny, whar I live, t list's no man as gits a bigger congrega tion nor what I gits. Thar niny bo some here to day, niy brceihering, os dau'Fltnow what prrsunrinn I- am nv. Well, I may- Bay to ynu my hreetheriug. that I aran Hardshell lluptisi. Tlsar'e some fnlks as d -nt like the H irdshell- liiptists ; hut' I'd rntlier hov u hardsliell as no shell at nil. . You sco . mo hore to-day, my brceihering, drest" up in fine close ; yua niuut think I was proud, but I am not - proud, my bicetheriug; and although I've beeti a preacher uv the gnspel fur . twenty years, an' altliough I'm capting of that flat boat that lies nt your Inmliiip. I mu not nrntid. rav hreeiliArine. I'm- nota gwiue ter tell yon cdzack ey whar my tcx may be found ; suffice it to ray, it's in the lids of the Bible, an' you'll find it somewliar 'tween the first chapter of the Book of Genera tions and the last chapter of the Bm k of Revol utlnns ; and if you'll go and srarch tho : Scriptures, us 1 have scorched the Scriptures, y-u'il hot only find mv" tcx th'urj'''|iut a great .many other texes as will do you good to rond ; nn' my tex when you shill find it, you shill final it road thus : — 'And be played oo a harp uv a thousand strings— spetits uv just men mado petfick,1- Jiy tex, brethering, leads trie tnspenk uvsperitr, N-.w, tltur's a great many kinds of sperits -ill this world. , In the fust plttre, thar'B aperits as sum folks culls ghosts, ihVn thar's""th'e''tlieprits"5f t"ufpn"'timeTahir then, tlinrsthe epotttn.as sum toins call liquor, an' I've got as good an urtikel of them kind of sperits on my flat boat as ever was hitched down tite Mississippi river ; but thurV n gnat many other kind of sperits, for the tex sea, ' He played on a harp uv a thousand striugs— sperits of just men mode perfeck.' , But I'll tell ynu the kiud uv sperits us is mem in the tex— it's fire. That ia tbe kind of «writs as is ment in the tox my brecthering. Now, tliar 3 a.great many kiuda of firo in this world. In lite fust place, thar's the common sort uv fire you lite'q si-gnr or pipe with, and .then thar's cam- fire, fire- before vuro reddy and fall back, nnd many other kinds u« fire for the tex sex. ' He Dluvcd on a ham of a thousand strings —sperits of just mon made perfock.' -But I'll toll you llio kiud-of fire as is luent-in ilio tex, my l.recil'erine — ii's hell fire. An' that's the kind ol fire as n great many of you'll c uno to,-el ynu don't do better nor what you have bin dnin', for ' He phiycth on a harp uv a tliunauhd strings — sperits of just men made pei feck.' Now, tho different sorts of-fire in this world may he likciied unto tho different persuasions of Christians in the world. In -the fust placr, we have I'iscapalinns— and they area high-sailin' and a high falutin set, and they' may he likened unto a Turkey Buizard,' that flies up into tile air, and ho goes up and up till lie tonks no bigger thnn your finger nail, anil the fnst'thing you know lie cams down and down, nnd down and down, and is filling him self on the ksrkiss of a dead boss by tt e side of i he ruud. aud 'He played on n harp of a thou sand strings— sperita nf just men made perfcclt.' And then (liar's the Methodis, nnd "they may be likened utitu ihesqnitrel, runnin' up into a tree, for. the-metbodis blecves ill gwine from one degree uv-graco to another, and finally - on to pcrfecki-hun, and tbe squirtel goes up and up, and up and up, nnd he jumps frnm lira' to lim', and branch to branch, and the fust thing you know lie" fulls mid-down be falls and down he cams kcrflummux, and that's like the Methodis, for they're alters fulling from graco ; all ! and — ' Ho played on a harp of a thousand strings — sperits of just men made perfeck.' An- 1 jlicn. my breethering thar's the Baptists. Ah 1 and they haw been likened unto » posaum on a 'simmon tree.; und the thuuder may roll and the earth may quake, hut that possum clings tlinr still. Ah I' arid-yqu may shako one foot loose, and the other's tljaty- and you" may-ahako all- fect'lose,' nnd he laps his -tail round the lim', and ho clings" for ever, for — ' Ho playcd.ori a harp uv a thousand strings — sperits of just men inude perfeck.'-" Here the reporter could no longer contain himself, and his notes became entirely unintelligible. — American Paper. Artemub Wabp amono the Fenians. — ' There's- two parties , O'McMahonys and MeO'R .bert8. One _ thinks thejiest way is tn go over to Cuitady and establish an Irish re public there, kindly permittiu' the Canadians to pay the expenses of that sweet boon:; und tho other wants to anil direra tor JJUulin May, where young M'Rpy und his fair ynuog bride went down and was drowning accordin to a ballit lonct heard. - But there's one pint on which hoth -aides -agree — that's -the fun'. The're willing, them ehsps in . Now York, to receive all the fun's you'll serid 'em. . You send a.pusa to-night to, O'Maliony, and another puss to. Roberts. Both'will receive Vlb." . You bet. And with other pusses' it will be similar. I went into Mr. Delmoni'cn's eatio'-house tbe oilier riigbt, and saw my freri Mr Terrence M'Faddeti, who is a eloquent and enterprisin' "deputy centre,' "He wassiltifi' al aAablerzati"'" a eunvuH-hack duck. Poultry of that kind, as you know, is rntlier high just now. I think shout fire dollars per poolt. Anil a bottle of green seal stood before , him. " Ho aro you, Mr. M'Fuddeu ?" I said. . ''Oh, Mr. >Vard! I am miseiable— miserable I Tlie wrongs we Irihlimcn suffer!- Oh, Ireland Will a Iron history of your "sufferings ever he written ? Must we for ever lie ground under by tbe iron heel of despotic Bri'sin T — hut, Mr. Ward, won't you eat auihiug ?" " Well," I said, " if there's uiioilier eanvas-back and a spare bottle ot mat green seat in tuia noose, i wouinn t mind jinin' you— in-beiu'-gronud— under by Britain's iron heel.." ! At a concert which took lately, a gentleman in tne audience roso pp just as iho third piece in the programme lind beep performed, and suid, "Mr. Conductor, will yon oblige me, air, by. requesting '.your vocalists either tirsjng louder, or to sing in.wliBers, as there ia a conversation going on close to where I. sit, that in conducted in such a loud tone as to hinder niy ciij'iyment nf the music; I prefer certainly to hear the concert : but if I cannot be so pri vileged, I- desire to hear tho conversation." Titers waaan extremely quiet :an attentive audience ip the .hall during the reit of the 'eveninjf.. 