THE ADVANCE OF CO-OPERATIVE SOCIETIES. (Observer.J Wo are glad to perccive that the working men of London are r.t length bogiuning to appreciate the advantages of co-operation, ami that tbey are eoing to imitate their brethren in Lancashire and York shire, who, in u lew year?, have acquired capital and plant to the value of more than a million, and who, in the meantime, !ss.vc received a higher return lor their labor tUa:> il they had been working for a Stranger. The Ijriuciplu- is co simple, and the advan tages so guar, that it is a mutter of surprise it has not beeu more Reueruily adopted. Take the care of Luicabhiic lor instance. It is a matter of notoriety that the millowcers, or cotton lorde, as they are called, have, usarule, m'ide colossal fortunes, and live like princes. All these fortunes are made from the difference between the prii;e expended for labor and material and that which is realised from the sale of the manufactured article wholesale. Again, look the fortunes made by retail dealers, who, notwith standing extravagant expenses lor establishment charges, realise ouch large profits as enable them to live in luxurious style and leave fortunes to their children. If then, working men can do all this first hand, it requires no very clever head Jo demonstrate the huge advantage* which must accrue to them. The great difficulty in undertakings ot this kind is to get a sufficient number of working men with adequate means to rnako a beginning. It is the first atari that prevents many from joining societies of this kind. At the commencement there must be some lose, because work cannot be expected to come 18 at once, and the absence even for u week or two of the usual weekly return induces many to turn back to,the old system. The only way to succeed is for a certain number of men to combine together and pay no much a week for twelve mouths from their wu^es to pay a email capital account which will eoible tbeia to make a beginning, and to live ontil the undertaking takes root. After this all is plain sailing. A working man then leels his posi tion in society raised; he is no longer simply a mechanic or a skilled working man; he knows that he 18 his own master, and that the building, manu fsctory. or Biore is partly his own. Tins simple fact makes him happier, more economical, and in dustrious. The history of savings banks proves this. It has been observed that as Boon as a man lodges what lie culls his nest egg in a savings bank be becomes in his habits steadier and more economi cal. IJu tries his utmost to increase his stake, and BO he goes on until he becomes to be regarded by his lellow working men who have not adopted so wise u course as almost a great man. If this is the cate with respect to the savings banks, where profits and rates Of interest are so small, how much greater must the influence cf these co- operations be on « man's character when ho feels after a littletime that he has quite as much wages to receive wetk by week as he had be.'ore, and beyond this that every brick added to the nc-w building or manufactory erected is so much increased cupital. The journeymen tailors of London have determined to try the experiment lor themfelvef, and at n meeting of the men, held l-ist week at the Whittington Club, an (association was inaugurated under the auspicea of Lord Stanley, who has witnessed the advantages of tho co-operative principle in Lancashire, Mr Montagu Chambers, and others. They admit they earn large wages, but thev arc also well aware ol the large incomes made by their employers, and naturally seek to obtain a fair poriion oi the legitimate Bpoil. Il properly ma naged the new association cannot fail to be successful, and we shall be only too glad to tee others start in everv branch of trade and manufacture in the me tropolis". We are awace that theso views savor of Socialism, bat when we find the great good which ha9 been attained by societies ot this character, we cannot do otherwise but wish that they may be multiplied. On previous occasions ue noticed the fact that the civil servants of the Crown did not think it unbecoming their position to became imita tors of the Rochdale operative!1, and they started a etorc, &c.; The promoters were at first sneered at by their less provident and not far-seeing colleagues, and were looked upon somewhat, according to civil service slang, as " mercenary snobs." The " snobs" were not, however, to be laughed out of their pro ject. The scheme tins been in operation now (or eome time with the meet satisfactory resulta. The association is out of debt, consists ot between three and four thousand members, and has a good surplus fa hand to form the nucleus of a reserve fund, and jn the mean time the members and their friends who l'aTe ^eca s"owe^ tllE priv'lege of holding tickets kare enjoyed the advantage of being able for tbe'lut,"* twelve months of purchasing almost everything tl."v>" squire " discounts varying from 10 to GO per cent. Seme of the first shops ia the metropolis are only 'o» glad to avail themselves of the custom of the members ol the association, al though they have to aiicw large discounts. 13ut they know the advantages *he ready-money sys tem, and are well aware of the value ot the " nimble shilling." One or two other sooit-ties have been got up hy other portions of the civil service and by householders, and we firmly believe thac if they are only boocs'.ly managed, and are not tfot up by needy speculators and prole^bional promoters ot companies, they will one and all pay. One point is conhidered essential, and that is that there Bhould be a thoroughly independent audit. The accounts should be scrutinised in the closest manner. These ought not to tjQ members of the association. but professional men, "who have cha racters to lose. The expense may, and probably ?would be, considerable, but the advantage3 would lar outbalance the outlay, inasmuch as it would engender confidence, and would induce many more to join associations of this character. There can hardly be any loss, except when bad purchases are made, inasmuch as the majority of the transactions are for cash, which enables the managers t ) go to the cheapest markets and retail them at the lowest price. Twenty years hence we hope to see asso ciations of this character in every town in the kingdom. A RELIC OF OLD TIMES EXHUMED,-Quite an ex citement was caused among the laborers engaged in excavating lor the foundations of the new Mer chant^ Exchange, on California street, yesterday, by the discovery of a large bheet- iron safe, buried deep in the mud of what was a few years since the bottom of San Francisco Bay. It was Foon reported -correctly, it seems-that the safe was one which stood ir the great corrugated iron warehouse of Starkie, Janion, and Co., which was destroyed together with an immense amount of goods, of every description, which were in store and insured by the firm, who supposed the building fire-proof at the great fire of May, 1851. The excitement was up to a boiling pitch at once. There was not a doubt that this strong bos contained the treasure of the firm, and every hero of the pick and shovel was a millionaire in a minute. '1 he firm of Starkie, J.inion, and Co. was made bankrupt by the fire, and long since ceased to exist; there would, there fore, be nobody to dispute with the lucky finders for the golden spoils. "Make a ring! Send for Blitz! Order out thu military ! I3ur6t it in and divide fair!" echoed from all sides. The new -Mutual Joirit-StDCk Bold, Silver, Copper, and Putty Mining Company went to work with a will, and after long and determined efforts, got the huge iron box out where they could work at it to advantage. Our reporter .was sent for, and arrived in a breathless condition. Perched on a high bank he drew forth his pencil and note book, and proceeded to put down every stroke of the axe, every punch of the crowbar, and Avery grunt of the workman as he swung the Ble-dge witu brawny arm and brought it down like a pile driver Ca tlie 'r0P c^'ft. Expectation mid the re porter stoi?d together on tip-toe. The crust was bureted the twiddle filling ol thick oak blocks was cut throUKh, unJ the inner shell of boiler iron reached. This, too, y,:.°-lded at last and the door came open revealing to the astonished vision of the pain fully' excited multitude-tw"0 old carpet sacks. One of these contained a listing boot-strap, marked " J. B." in ink, supposed to stand lor James Buchanan, Joe. Bowcre, or Juan Bautista-and the other was etnpiyl This was what tho safe contained, 41 Merely this and nothing more," When the truth broke upon the assembly with crushing effect, the remarks which greeted our ears were in no measure calculated to do honor to the late firm of Starkie Janion, end Co. The trustees cf the Mining Com pany forthwith decided to levy an assessment on the Stockholders and freeze them out, and our reporter, unable to stand his disappointment, walked over to the sample rooms opposite, end called for a glass of warm Napa soda, without syrup, to clicer his droop ing spirits. Tho safe will be on exhibition at the corner of California and Leidesdortf streets to-day. AIta California. CHASMS AND AMULETS AMOKO THE IKDIAKS.-The belief in amulets or charms is general among the Indians; and the material of these charms or medi cines eo various, their influence over individuals so diversified, that to enumerate the whole would take too much space, and indeed is not requisite. I must, however, endeavor to present the idea which under lies this belief, which is somewhat difficult to explain. It is this, that although the Great Spirit is all powerful, yet his will is uncertain. He is nlso in visible, and only manifests his power in extraordinary acts; smaller matters being beneath biB notice, and under the supervision of minor spirits. Now, it is their want of some tangible medium, cousecrated by ceremony, guarded with care, and invoked with solemnity, that induces them to select tome object as this medium. Every Indian on attaining the age of manhood becomes a warrior, a hunter, the head of a family, and at that time is obliged, by his different occupations, to live in constant appre hension for his life and property from er.emieB, and various other causes. lie therefore then chooses something for hiB Wahcon (medicine). This object is ohosen in consequence of some drenm, or of some incident or idea presented to him on some important occasion. In this way the skin of a weazel, stuffed heads and bodieB of different birds, images made of wood, of Btone, of beads wrought upon skin, rude drawings of bears, of buffalo bulls, wolves, and serpents, of monsters that have no name or existence-in fact, every thing animate and inanimate-are used, according to the superstition and belief of the individual. This Object, whatever it is, is enveloped ia several folds of akin, with a lock of some deceased relation's bair, aod a small piece of tobacco enclosed, and the whole placed in a parflescbe sack neatly ornamented and fringed; and this composes the arcanum of the medicine sack. This sack is never opened in the pretence of any one unless the owner or some of his family fall dangerously ill; it is then taken oat and placed at the head of his bad, and the aid of the Great Spirit invoked through it. Ordinarily this sack is opened in secret, the medicine smoked and invoked, and prayers and sacrifices made in its presence, and through it, as a tangible medium to the Great Spirit, who is un known and invisible. No sacrifices are made directly to it; yet it is invoked separately foe intercession, or rather as a medium of intercession, to avert smaller evils that come under the jurisdic tion of lesser spirits. Such are the appearances of ghosts, diseases of horses or dogs, the finding of loat or stolen property, a successful bunt, though not abundance of game, as the production of game would come within the power of the Great Spirit, though the matter of killing the same would depend upon other powers, affected or biassed by the cere monies addressed to the medicine. The Indians know well enough that the material of the charm or medicine has no intrinsic power, neither do they escribe any to it; the effect lies in their faith in the supernatural oe addressed to the object as a visible medium. It is, in faut, the same operation of mind that displays itself in the charms believed in by ignorant whites, and may be considered in that light. Although, many white men believe (though erroneously and sinfully) in charms, fortune-telling, in dreams, ghosts, and warnings, yet this doeB not affect their belief in a Supreme Being-neither does it that of the Indian. As long as he has good luck in his different ordinary undertakings, he will say his medicine is good; but should a series of petty misfortunes befall him, he will throw it away and substitute some other. When pictures, medals, or crosses are given to them by the missionaries, great care ic to be taken to give them the true meaning of the veneration and respect attached to such objects. -The Month. VBEBS.-The whole question of dress is perplexing. It is one which occupies the whole time and all the thought of sutnc ladies, who make it as much a study as if their very existence depended upon it, and who would fain persuade the world and themselves that it is a form and expression of art. To dress well, to dress expensively, to dress with an originality, and peculiarity that sball not effend, is to some the height of ambition. One desires to make herself re markable for being "well dressed," "in such per. feet taste;" another for the costliness of her lace, her brocades, and the magnificence of her jewels; a third for her superiority over the rest of the world in following a line of her own. Another claims for herself the consideration due to an "artiste" with classical tendencies; another desires only to attruct remark, and another to suggest a claim to some literary reputation, They who really care about drJBa have theories of their own, and fashion draws the line within which it is safe to theorise. The multitude, however, will fol low the fashion with a scrupulous fidelity. They will go to some fim-rate milliner, such as Descou, if they can aflord it, and, placing themselves in her hands, wil! get "rigged out" in the newest and most approved style. They are, in fact, nothing more than living lay figures lor the dressmakers to cover ac cording to their own fancy and caprice. It has been recorded of one leader of fashion, who is conspicuous for her success, that, before she finally decides upon any costume she proposes to wear, she has it all put upon a lay-figure, that she may be able to form a tolerably correct idea of its effect. It is quite astonishing what Due ladies will submit to iu order to acquire a reputation for being in the fashion, and to secure beiug well dressed. It is said that one of the most popular dressmakers iu Paris is s man who provides the whole costume, and whose word is law. When the dress is finished and sent home, the lady is expected to present herself before him en grande Unuc, while he studies the effect of his haodiivork, and nods his approval, or suggests some alteration which no one ever dares to disobey. It must not be supposed that we dispute the wisdom, aud indeed, duty of paying some attention to dress. We are no advocates lor slovenliness, which, nine times out of ten, indicates an ill- ordered mind; just as an ill assortment of colore, or a bad selection of materials, suggests tome defect of eye or taste, and may be the outward expression of a vulgar mind. There may be a considerable amount of conceit ond affectation, underlying a dis regard for personal appearance, which is quite as reprehensible as its opposite vice. We remember an instance in which the wife of a millionaire invariably attended the smartest morning parties dresEed like a charity-school girl. It could not have been a 'juestion of necessary economy. It might have been intended aB a tacit rebuke to the rest of the giddy gaily.dressed world, who fluttered like butterflies in the sunshine of prosperity; but it always savored of a _ certain kind ol conceit not very far re moved from sell-righteou-ucBS and Pharisaism. i!uch instances are, however, very rare, because few like to make such a sacrifice of their personal ap pearance, even to acquire a reputation for piety and self-mortification. Iu these days especially, when the love of drees pervades every class, aud every facility is afforded to those who wish to indulge their taste, we need not be apprehensive of any cul pable indifference to it. The error is not likely to be on this side, but on its opposite. Exaggeration iu style, in luxe, in expense, iu the prevailing evil. Ine caprica of the fair 6ex is fostered and en couraged by the endless changes which are made and our eyes are no sooner accustomed to one fashion' than it is displaced by another. The accounts which we have received of the balls which were given in Paris during the last season show what has bsen the progress of luxe in dress. It was said that one of the ladies of the court appeared as an archangel (J) in a short tunic, with wings of white feathers which formed an arch over her head and came down to her kneeu, and with a steel sword which she held in her ucgloved hand while she danced. Madame de Galifet has thus prepared us to expect, 011 some future occa sion, a representation of the different orders of the heavenly inhabitants. Perhaps the lower region will have its representatives also-3 more ea«y matter, no doubt; aud who knows but what we snail bear, ere long, of a tableau of our first parent" en costume, driven out of ths garden of Eden by the angelic Marquise with sword in hand.- louden Society. Ouit Qcji TEEES,-We were yesterday rather surprised on being driven to a spot in Tippi-rary Gully, near Kangaroo Flat, aod within sight of White's hotel, to find a use made of our gum treeB of which we had no idea they were capable. A man drawing to years, and who during a residence in the e^me place of about fourteen years has amaBsed a competency, has for years occupied his spare time in training gums in every form and shape, proving them admirably adapted for ornamenting any lawn garden or reserve; and wc would strongly recom mend his example to ihe keepers of the .Bomnieal Garden and Oatnp reserve. One tree branching out from the ground so closely as not to permit the passa-e of a cat, is trained to represent a chandelier of some ten feet high. A clump would constitute a good dining table. Urns, vases, and every shape to which the imagination can give a form are there, the whole constituting a very pretty snot and well repaying a visit,- Sendigo Independent, 13th December. A STRANGE ANIMAL,-The Murrumbidgee cor respondent of the S. M. Herald gives the following purticulars of a strange animal lately seen in the locality:-" For two years past a etrange animal has occasionally been seen by people iu the bush near the MuniJa Mountain, and various have been the descriptions given of the creature, so that we have been doubtful of the reports, and fancied the animal was nothing more or less than an old ' wallaroo,' os the locality of the Murilla is very wild and rocky and the wallaroo is found in such places; but within the last few days two persons have seen the creature that has caused much alarm to a whole camp of stonebreakers and roadmakers, sixteen or seventeen in number. It is described as being three leet six incnes high, standing on its bind legs; the /ore legs or arms could about touch the ground. It was covered with shaggy black hair all over. It made a most horrid yelling when the parties rode in the direction of the rock it stood upon, showing a very fine set of teeth. It made a spring at its dis turbers, who put spurs to their horees and fled. The blacks in this district are aware of the existence of these animals, and state that there were a great number of them some time ago. The place where this creature was seen is one of the wildest places that could be found on the northern line of road at the back of the Marilla Mountain, or, as it is generally called, the 'Murlow.' ThiB creature evi dently belongB to the ape type. Has one of the«e creatures ever made its escape from confinement, or are there any of such creatures in the country ? If so, it is strange they have not been spoken of before this. The utmost reliance may bo placed upon the statement here put forward," BALLAUAT GAOL.-Weekly state of Her Majesty's Gaol, Ballarat, ending 14th December, 186C--Last return-males, 85; females, 18. Since admitted -males, 1G; females, 7. Total, males, 101; females 25\. Since discharged-males, 39; females, 6. Total now males, G2; females, 19. Of these there are-For trial- males, 9; £ female, x; on remand-male, 1 females,2; hard labor-males, 9; female, 1- impri sonment-males, 40; females, j 9; lunatics-male 1; females, 5; in default =of bail-male, 1; female 1 debtor, male, I. ' ' 