TELEGRAPHIC. (FROM OUR TEIiEOKArjIIO CORRESPONDENT.) IPSWICH. _ February 1. Mr. H. S. Hamilton, whilst driving to-day down East-street, was thrown from his carriage, owing to the horse shying at something on the footpath. Fortunately he received no injury beyond a few bruises. Business is quiet. There has been a slight fall of rain, and the weather is cooler. SYDNEY. February 1. The wool sales have shown some improvement upon last quotations. Clean fleece is higher. Dunn the bushranger is being brought here from Bathurst for trial. He will be tried if convalescent. His Excellency the Governor has left town for six months, intending to make a tour in the country districts. The Telegraph, has arrived, and the Yarra, Yarra has sailed. Californian wheat is quoted at 6s. per bushel and flour at £19 per ton. MELBOURNE. February 1. Parliament is to be convoked in tho course of two or three weeks. The Government purpose re-introducing the tariff at once. The recall of the Governor is believed generally to be a canard. The markets are quiet. The Record has brought six hundred tons of Chilian flour. ADELAIDE. February 1. No purchases of wheat have been made at prices above 8s. per bushel. A MEETING- of gentlemen, interested in form- ing a Yacht Club, was held last evening at the Metropolitan Hotel, Mr. G. Coxon, M.L.A., being in the chair. There were about fifteen gentlemen present, including some who have at all times exhibited great interest in the furtherance of of aquatic sports. The first resolution was proposed by Mr. Fairfax, seconded by Mr Archer and carried as follows l-" That the following gentlemen form themselves into a sub-committee for tho purpose of framing a code of rules for the management of a Yacht Club. Messrs. E. B. Forrest, Captain O'Reilly, C. Coxon, M.L.A., V. Brown, W. Fairfax, B. H. Webb, and Archer." It was agreed that the two lastgentlomenbo appointed the former as secretary, and the latter as treasurer. It was then proposed by Mr. B. B. Forrest, and seconded by Captain O'Reilly, that the entrance fee be £2, and the annual subscription £1. The proposition was carried. Several other matters in reference to the forming of the club were discussed, and a meeting of the committee was appointed to be held on Tuesday next. A general meeting will be held the 20th instant. Several subscriptions were received from members present, and upwards of fifty names were enrolled as those of gentlemen willing to join. THE City of Brisbane, s., which sailed for Sydney yesterday morning, takes the largest shipment of gold over exported from this port in one vessel namely, 764 oz. 11 dwt. Of this quantity there was one mass of retorted gold which alone weighed 128 ozs. 10 dwts., the property of a German named Mayerberg. Its estimated value is about £1900. The gold above mentioned was alluded to by us a few days ago, but through some error on our part " ounces " was inserted instead of " pounds." By the Cawarra, steamer, which arrived last evening we received files to January 30. Owing to the pressure upon our columns we cannot publish the news contained in them. It is not however, of a very interesting character. JAMES THOMPSON, the unfortunate man who met with a serious accident while firing off a salute of petards at the Enoggera Water Works on Wednesday last, is progressing favorably. His left arm was amputated yesterday by Drs. Bell and Lansdown, who performed the operation with great success. We are afraid that the unfortunate man will never recover his sight. A r-BBLUiiNAiiY meeting of operative painters was held last evening at the Sportsman's Arms, for tho purpose of procuring a banner to represent the trade at the forthcoming eight hours' demonstration, on the 1st of March. Mr. C. Miles occupied the chair. After appointing a sub-committee to wait upon the employes in the trade, to solicit subscriptions, &c;, the meeting was adjourned. During the sitting, delegates from the Masons' and Bricklayers' Societies waited on the meeting, soliciting their co-operation with those trades, and others favorable to the movement, in making a grand display in commemoration of the eight hours' movement. THE adjourned meeting of the shareholders of the Cabulture Cotton Company will be held to-day at noon, at the offices of Messrs. George Raff and Company. We should like to see a good meeting on the occasion. Is reference to another column, it will be seen that Mr. R.G. W. Herbert, the late Colonial Secretary, has written to the electors of West Moreton, informing them that he has been compelled, through the pressure of private business, to resign his office. The hon. gentleman is can- did he confesses that business may require his presence in England, and also offers, in his usual patronising way, to vacate his seat in the Assembly should his constituents desire that he should do so. THE usual monthly sitting of the Small Debts 1 Court will not be held until next week. A1ABOE number of ratepayers assembled yes- , terday evening at Parish's Hotel, Spring Hill. for the purpose of hearing the views of Mr. Bridges, a candidate for the representation of the North Ward, on municipal matters. Mr. G. Warren was voted to the chair, and advised the meeting, among other things, to obtain a promise from all candidates that, if they should be elected, they would do all in their power to obtain a vote from the Council for prolonging Albert and Edward streets to Spring Hill. Mr. Bridges explained his views at some length, and stated that he would do all in his power, if elected, to obtain a fair share of the municipal expenditure for the ward. His address was received favorably, and a vote of confidence was passed. A vote of thanks to the chairman for his able conduct in the chair terminated the proceedings. Is pursuance of an advertisement to that effect, a large and influential meeting of the ratepayers of the North Ward took place on Wednesday evening, at Mr. Howden's hotel, Spring Hollow, for the purpose of hearing Mr. Dowling's, opinions upon the leading municipal questions affecting in particular the interests of the North Ward. Mr. Hanlan was voted to the chair, and having read the advertisement calling the meeting, he briefly introduced the candidate, who, he said, was prepared to answer any questions that might be put to him. Mr. Dowling then came forward amidst considerable applause, and entered pretty fully into municipal matters generally, and in particular the almost total neglect of the interests of the North Ward, both in respect of the money spent and the nature of the improvements accomplished. He was entirely opposed to the proposition of certain candidates for levying a tax of three-halfpence in the pound, to effect improvements which ought to have been done before, and would have been done had the Spring Hill ratepayers received their proportionate share of the municipal expenditure. He contended that instead of levying a tax of this kind on the North Ward electors, some of the other wards should be compelled to disgorge a portion of the surplus money which they had received during the last two or three years. He pointed out also that there was an omission in his printed address to the ratepayers, in so far as regarded the formation of Boundary-street to Gregory Terrace. That work be know to be essential, and he could assure them that no one would be more earnest or energetic in carrying it out, if returned. In the course of some desultory discussion, Mr. Dowling said he did not come forward until he had been invited by forty-two ratepayers, and in doing so he did not insult his fellow-citizens as a certain gentleman had done by telling them that no fewer than fifty could tempt him to accept the honor of election. The candidate was listened to with great attention, and at the conclusion of his remarks a resolution was moved by Mr. James Cockburn, seconded by Mr. P. Scanlan, and carried unanimously, to the effect that Mr. Dowling was a fit and proper person to represent the ratepayers of the North Ward. AT the Victoria Theatre the performances last evening consisted of a repetition of the programme selected for Miss Louise Arnot benefit. The house doubtless from the threatening weather was but thinly attended, but it did not operate to render the company indifferent to the representation of evening's bill. Miss Arnot, in her Highland Fling, danced, if possible, better than previously, and her change to male costume was a decided improvement. This evening the performances will be for the benefit of Mr. F. Harlowe, or Mr. Frank Younge. The programme consists of Buckstone's " Green Bushes," a drama of so attractive a character that it may be safely paid no other play has had such a hold on public favor. It is an evergreen play, successful whenever fairly represented. The cast is rendered as strong as the resources of the theatre permit, and the beautiful original music by Alfred Motion, will be a great feature. Miss Louise Arnot will dance a very attractive hornpipe, and the bill of fare concludes with a very comical dish called "My Husband's Ghost," which is one of the liveliest effects of that prince of farmers, John Maddison Morton. Mr. Harlowe, or, as we know him, Mr-. Frank Young, is a great favorite, and we understand the performance of this evening will be witnessed by his Honor Chief Justice Cockle and Lady Cockle. He deserves support from all, as, independent of his connection with a most popular dramatic family, he has at all times in- a sured the best wishes of those who know him, not as an actor only, but as a private individual. Ay opportunity is afforded to our ambitious , young cricketers to display their skill to-day, as a very good team has arrived from the Burnett district, the members of which are anxious to " try conclusions" with their Brisbane friends. We should like to see a match played, and hope that eleven, selected from the various clubs in Brisbane, will accept the challenge early this morning, and show the northerners what can be done. We are, at the same time, afraid that the shortness of notice will be put forward as an excuse for the non-acceptance of the challenge. 