DISPUTED IDENTITY. (From ITousehold Words.) WHEN I wns.a boy I lived with my father and mother in a little cottage in a village in Warwickshire. He was a farm-labourer, and my mother had enough to do with her family; but at harvest and hay time shie worked in the fields, and what she earned was a great help. She had had a good many.children; but one way or the other they all died except me and my brother. I think I should have gone like the rest, if it had not been for a neighbour's son, named George, who was most uncommon kind to me; he helped my mother to nurse me when I was ill with fever, and he was good to me ever after. He was some years older than me, and what made him take to me I am sure I cannot tell; but that I should love him in return is no wonder at all. I worshipped him, and that is the only word to use for it. He used to tell me no end of stories about robbers and wild beasts; but above all about battles. He used to make me windmills, and boats, and kites, and gave me endless balls of string and knives; but what I cared for most of all was, that Ihe let me follow him about wherever he went, and take his dinner to him out in the fields, and sent me on all his errands. I felt very proud to go; for I would have laid myself under his feet if he had wanted me. Though I was quite a little chap, he used to talk to me as if I were his equal. He told me how he hated a dull country life, and how he longed to go away, and to seek his fortnne in distant parts. He would have enlisted for a soldier, if it had not been for his mother, who would have broken her heart. She was a meek good woman, who had been tyrannised over by a brutal husband, who had been groom to a gentleman. He broke his neck, trying to break a vicious horse. Although being drunk at the time, and it was his own fault, the gentle man pensioned the widow; so that George had all the money Iie earned for himself. He did not take after his father; but held him self aloof from the other fellows in the village, and never set foot in an ale-house-not from pride, but because he took pleasure in other things. He was always studying at one thing or other every leisure moment, especially he tried to pick up all be could about battles, and he used to draw plans of battles upon an old slate. At last a change came over him-a sort of fever-and he grew desponding and unhappy. He used to talk to me a great deal; but I could only feel very sorry for him, I could say nothing to comfort him. IIis mother, poor body, saw that all was not right, and feared he would take after his filther; she used to preach to him out of the catechism, and tell him it was his duty to be content in the state of life to which he was born ; it was all very good, but not suitable to his case. He hated his occupation, and yet oddly enough, it was only in his work he seemed to find any relief. Hoe did as much as three men, and then asked for more. Well, the truth must come out at last George turned poacher. Poaching is a breach of the law of the land. I say no more about that; but I believe myself that gentlemen who have a regular license to shoot, and who preserve their own game, have not half the enjoyment in a whole season's shooting, that there is in one night's good poaching. How ever, you see poaching has this drawback the fellows who take to poaching leave off honest hard work; they slink out of daylight, and haunt public-houses, and take to low idle habits of every kind. The love of adventure kills the habit of steady-going industry. They would do capitally out in the Australian bush, or at the diggings; but they plague the life out of churchwardens, overseers, con stables, and squires. So they make a mess of it and get into trouble; which is a pity, for you would not believe what fine, likely young fellows many of them are to begin with. George, for his part, was too proud, and respected himself too much, to fall into dis reputable ways. He never would take me with him; though, when I saw him prepar ing his tackle and cleaning his gun, I used to beg very hard that he would let me go, but he was always quite stern and resolved. However, he used to lot me help him to take care of his things, and I was very proud to do that. We made a hiding place under some furze bushes, where no keepers would think of looking, and where everything could be kept quite dry. I had the charge of his dog, too-a knowing, sensible brute, who loved the sport as much as his master; he was a strong, lean, yellow cross- bred dog, with long hair and a feather tail ; he knew as well as we did that he must keep quiet during the day; and though I sometimes did my best to 'tice him, I could never prevail upon him to have a game of play. As soon as he had eaten his dinner he would curl himself up, with his nose under his tail, and go off to sleep as sensible as a Christian; he knew that his master would give him exercise enough at night. We had made a place for' him to live in under the bushes close by where the tackle was kept, and we knew that nobody could meddle with it so long as he was there. Things went on in this way for some months. George's mother, who had always been ailing, fell into a kind of waste, and the doctors said she could not last long. George was always a good son, anti he watched and waited on his mother like a woman. He would not have had her know anything of his going out at nights for the world, and though it was well-known in the village, the neighbours had too much good feeling to tell her. George was greatly cut up by his mothoer's illness; but he told me that when she was taken he would not stay in the ilace a day, but would go for a soldier. I nearly broke my heart when hie stid this; but he comfor'ted me by saying that ioe woult send bfor io, and we sltould shlaru our forttte togoiether. iBut this was not to lie. One ighlit a party of mes asked George to hilad them 0lt ln euxpedition ilto tlhe woodsa of ]Lorld Clliolulrry, whelulo thleolre was to be a lsttia tlte IOxt ily, Of coulrseo all the Ietiltroin wore ou the alert, liut thalt was a Itinptatih rather Ihilni notl, ]seorg, asllked hIl to ii lii with lla solttil'i br i halt evititing' IIII In 'lithli her to ucui hor hmit' aklnltig IjItin otlllttti I tsit t ll iile hu j h ltIi i I weiltl lllttlh riill isr t j aonlillha It iis llsil'l, ut iiiw limitS, ii i ls l mittei, ali ti u tliti i alllt it had been before he was led astray by bad company. I was thinking of George; but I was a good listener, and remained with her till she went to bed, and then I went home. Early the next morning I was awakened by bad news; there had been a desperate affray with the poachers the night before; one of Lord Capelcurry's keepers was killed, and another seriously wounded. All the poach. ers trade their escape except George, who had been taken, and was dreadfully hurt. The news spread like wildfire; the constables were abroad; three of the poachers were secured, but the other managed to find safe biding. It was impossible to keep) the news from George's mother, and you may fancy the misery it caused. I was nearly frantic, and walked all the way to the gaol in the next town, which was fifteen miles off, in the hopes of seeing George. Of course I was not admitted, but I learned that lie was in the infirmary, and his wounds were doing well. I was nearly madI. I could have beaten down the gates to get at him; and when I was turned away, I thought I would set the town on fire to revenge him. Some friends of the other men who had been taken were very kind to me, and kept me from doing mischief to myself or any one else. There lived in the town a very clever man, who was looked up to as a sort of prisoner's friend; for if a man got into trouble, Mr. MIessent was always ready to take his part; and he often got a prisoner off, when there had not seemed a chance in the world for himn. We all went to him and told him our case. He spoke kindly, and seemed to be very sorry about George and the other men. He talked of the game laws in a way that was a comfort to us, and we went home in better heart. All the village joined to help to pay the money for the defence. After Mr. MIessent had been admitted to see the prisoners, lie drove over to our village to collect evidence and examine witnesses. He called to see George's mother. He brought her a message from her son. He brought me a kind word from him too. Altogether he kept up our spirits wonderfully. When, at last, the assizes came on, George was recovered enough to take his trial. All the prisoners were found guilty, and George was declared to be the one who fired the shot that had been the actual cause of the game keeper's death. The judge, in his address, declared it to be one of the most aggravated cases he had ever tried, and called upon the prisoners to rejoice in the lenity of the sen tence; which was, that George was to be transported for the term of his natural life, and all the others for fourteen years. I saw George once-for one moment. I, and the friends of the other prisoners were allowed to stand in the yard as they were conveyed to tihe van. I sprang forward and grasped one of his hands; be said cheerfully, "good-by, old feollow; we will meet again." George's mother never looked up again; she died before the week was out. The gang of poachers was entirely broken up, and Lord Capelcurry and his keepers had their hares and partridges in peace. The keepers had killed George's dog; but I gathered together all the odd matters that had belonged to him, and which nobody disputed with me. I then turned my back upon the place where I had lived, and went to seek for work else where. I might have been then about sixteen. The gardener at Squire Munsford's had married my mother's sister: so I went there first, to see if he could give me a place. It was ten miles on the other side of the village where all these things had taken place. Both lie and my aunt received me very kindly. I was made under-gardener and helper to my uncle; it was a good place, and I lived there for five years.. My uncle was a Scotchman, and he took pains with my learning; for he was a man of some education himself. At the end of that time he went to be head gar dener to Sir Robert Palmer, and I was pro moted by Squire Mlunsford to his place. Trhis was considered a great piece of good luck, and so it was; but you see I only cared for one thing in this world, and that was, to save money enough to be able to join George across the water. I went home some times to see my father and mother at the old place. My brother-I told you I had one did not-turn out comfortably, and ended by running away to sea; so I had to help the old people, which kept me from saving so much as I might otherwise have done. One time when I was down there, I heard a rumour that George had escaped from the gang of convicts, and had got clear off along with two others, after killing the overseer. This statement had made the rounds of the newspapers; yet Botany Bay was so far off, no one could rightly tell whether to believe this or not; but everybody who had known him wished George well; and after I had been gardener, it might be about ten years, MIadame Mlunsford died, and the Squire broke up his establishment and went to live in another part of England. I was left in charge of the place, with a man under me, to keep the house and grounds in order; and an old servant was left in the house. After Squire Mlunsford's death which followed that of his wife in a couple of years-the place came into the market to be sold, and the estate was divided into lots, some of which went with the house, and others separate. A good many pnarties came to view the house; but for some it was too large, and for others too small, and firom one cause or other it remained for a couple of years unlet. One mornirmg, as I was mowinig inhe lawn, I saw a grand travelling carriags stop beforeo tile gate. A gentleman inside beckoned me to conme to him. I rvent; hibt when I reacheld the window I nearly droppeld dlown with s'rprise, olr I nsurely believedI it was Georgeo himsnlf I saw befulort ine. 'lThe genlneann looksl no nltice of my looks, Itit qulinily askedu if hIn coulhi he show I over tne hosite I?--hI had a cindn to view it, lie nlightnd, imn I walkne Inhnind him like h pern oon il in drIenui. 'he morer I looked alll t tihel ;traingn't' tIn inori lnrpllxld I iwnis with IttI 'resnlbnellducl, Ill wtee aviehlltly a mlllitlry nalnl l hinl this iierlll f nit te t ? u rro 11'eon mbi fonaehned, hli eddresensl tino e ti a roiet Itrlrlbrll, d l llll ? nl l nny quanlltIo s whid | ilnwrnmll wilt m tll u Illnwlij w'htllit I sithd, lh' l ee v?tt snhould winnt gq tionhlnlyttital it A la bullt Jit W1lllr wl Iay l+ tutil d I llir i 'nitiw A twlrr nll )'y si' lewtlui'nhelii tel u it'tuhl, ttl t I t II. deeds, Mtajor Rutherford (as George's double was called) became the owner of the house and certain lots of land lying around; a nice compact little property it was. The furniture was old-fashioned, and would have fetched nothing at a sale; but it suited the house, and was convenient as well as appropriate. This was taken at a small valuation, and thus at a stroke, Major Rutherford took his place among the country gentry. Before they departed I was called into the room and re ceived the offer to become Major Rutherford's bailiff. The lawyer, who was also Squire Munsford's man of business, said he had re commended me; but I (lid not think that that had anything do with my appointment. Ever since I heard of George's escape, I had felt unsettled in my grand purpose, and now, though I could not make the major out to my satisfaction, I felt quite content to stop with him. If I had expected the major to be like what I recollected of George, I was much mistaken; lie was like George, certainly; but it was George possessed by a devil. All the gloomy, moody discontent which had overshadowed him in the latter days of our intercourse, seemed to be hardened in the major into a grinding sense of wrong and injustice. He had evidently seeon a stormy, adventurous life; and, although lie had conquered fortune and position, yet he was scornfiul and contemp tuous-unthankful, one might say-for all the comforts and advantages lie had won in the battle of life. It was understood that he was a gentleman by birth-of good, though de cayed, family; that he had entered the East India Company's service when very young, and had won his promotion by leading more than one forlorn hope. The means by which he had acquired his fortune were not exactly known; but men in those dlays always made their fortunes in the East. The neighbouring gentlemen all called upon him; but his opinions and theirs clashed at all points; they were all good and steady church and Iking men- tories of the old school. The major had brought home with him startling political notions about reform in parliament, and exten sion of the suffrage, which he propounded with a reckless audacity that nearly sent some of his most respectablo visitors into fits of apoplexy. He also took the earliest oppor tunity of quarrelling with the rector, who was a magistrate as well as a clergyman ; and, in that capacity, had committed three men for some trifling trespass on his own property. The major declared that this was a most un christian proceeding, and refused to attend church. The large family pew in the pretty village church consequently remained un tenanted Sunday after Sunday, to the intense disgust of the rector, and the great scandal of the country side. But the crowning act of his unpopularity was, that at a supper which he gave to the tenants and farmers on his es tate, he announced his intention of not pre serving his game, and gave them all free permission to kill whatever they found on their own land. This proceeding was in such direct opposi tion to the customs of the country, that the gentry looked upon it as a reflection upon them, and resented it accordingly. They all cut the major, and spoke of him as an infidel, a Jacobite, and a revolutionary demo crat. The major took all this with great indifference, and seemed, indeed, to enjoy exasperating their prejudices. To his own tenants lie made a kind but strictly just land lord-all the fences, farm-houses, and build ings were kept in perfect repair; the cot tages of the labourers were rebuilt. He showed the greatest desire to make the condi tion of all who depended on him as good as possible; but, in spite of the substantial bene fits he conferred, he was anything but Iop ular; he was too much of a reformer, and made no allowance for the natural unwilling ness of men to walk in new ways. i-Is liked to be in the opposition, and would any day have preferred to fight for his own way rather than to obtain it uncontested. As for myself, I was much attached to him, partly for his own sake, and partly for the sake of old times, which lie so strangely brought back to me, though he never, by the most trivial word or deed, recognised any former state of intercourse. A year passed on without any remarkable occurrence; but then, there befel a curious adventure. The major and I went to attend an agricultural dinner that took place in the next town, which is a cathedral town. As we returned home, it was a bright moonlight night. The streets were deserted; everybody was in bed; but, as we drove past the cathedral, I dis tinctly saw a figure at one of the lower win dows, fluttering a handkerchief, and I fan cied I heard a faint voice cry, " help !" I do not believe in ghosts, but I confess my heart beat thick. " Good heaven ! " said the mnjor, " some one has been buried alive, and is trying to escape ! " " More likely some poor mad creature who has escaped from confinement, and has hidden herself there." Again we heard the cry of ' help." The major sprang from the gig. I did not like him to go alone, but the horse was young and spirited and could not be left. The major soon returned. "We must find out the sexton," said he hastily; " it is a poor young woman who has been looked in by ac cident. She seems to be nearly mad with fear." There was not a soul to hbe soon about. We did not tile least in the world know whoere the keys were keplt; hut we were obliged to do something. After klnockling up several wrong ipeolie, who did not bestow blessings upon us for our pains, we at length dliscovered the clerk, andl with somle lilliculty got him andtl his lantern into tihe street. 'Thlu mnjor and lie wetnt together to the cntlheilcl, and I re. maiued wiuli the gig. 'lhe. soon retuarned, c?rry ing hatweini tlienm a younmg girl, who seeclled to be doIin. T''ly took hlr into a thi Ihousea, nttitc clerk's wils cauno down stairs; lights aIppearIed in the various houses, twoso Iialns wse ihad distrbei, suaid l ght-caltpsl)Id hends ,er Wils ppltd nt, of the williiows t Is 5'to what had knpplned, Oue or Iwo, sttore eorliets thInl uo rest, esus htdo tits s.leet to JmlreaIt Iill silhts oh' hisl . east, Aseta t 8 Ieli lii',r piti wlla stihhlstmliy sriwovisrel ho sit title Hilt.tlo' lsiseify dl b y. will W II I ni. 5t' ll lists Ibus , ii lr , llllrlty Jtiilo l titl j tuu, W tltll Irltl I1'11r?t|!' lr~r ko~ iiOi, itl5W II1ttil Iticll lilt [.llu t , ,tl? o!lo! *JhJlJ ," ot~ Iti[Ii hi against a pillar and cut her brow-before sheo could rise she heard the ponderous doors clang together and the key turn in the look. At first she thought they would miss her and return; but time passed on, and they did not come. She beat against the door, but could make no one hear. Evening closed in, she grew desperate at the prospeot of remaininig there all night. The last thing she recol lected was climbing to a window and break ing the glass to attract attention. Poor thing, it was no wonder she was frightened at the prospect of remaining in that great, dark, lonely place full of graves I I should not have liked it myself. The major decided that he would drive her home, late as it was, to save her friends further anxiety. She was well wrapped up, and we took her between us in the gig. She lived about five miles across the country, in an old moated farmhouse that had been once a manor- house. It was now a dlim, ghostly-looking place, built of grey stone, and half unoccupied. As we drove down the lane that led to tile house, we saw a number of persons moving about in great excitement. The sound of our vehicle called some persons to the door. Foremost among them was the farmer holding a candle above his head, and his other hand shading his eyes ; behind him were the maid-servants. I could feel the poor girl shrink closer to us when he appeared. " We have brought back your daughter, Mr. Byrne," said the major, speaking first. " We have been so fortunate as to rescue her from a very unpleasant situation." "Where hast thou been to, wench?" asked the father, sternly. "Go to bed with you, hlzzy,-a pretty disgrace you are to your family ! And who may you gentlemen be ?" said he, turning upon us. " flow do I know that you have not made up a story amongst you, to get me to receive the girl back when she may deserve no better than to be thrown out of the window." The major was struck dumb at such an address; but I, to whom the brutal, violent character of Farmer Byrne was well known, knew better how to deal with him. In a few words I made him understand that this sort of thing would not answer. He subsided into a surly civility, and gave us grudging thanks, that seemed to choke him in the utterance. On our, road home I told Major Rutherford what I knew about the farmer lie was a savage brute, who had broken the heart of his wife by ill-usage, and was bid ding fair to do as much for his daughter a good, gentle, well-conducted girl ; a good daughter to an ill father. I spoke warmly in her praise, for I felt very sorry for the poor thing when I thought of the beating she would be sure to got as soon as our backs were turned; but I was not prepared for the effect my words were to take. Before a month was over the major came to me one day and told me that he was going to be married to Farmer Byrne's daughter. Without saying a word to me, he had made inquiries about her; had seen her frequently, and partly from compassion, and partly from love, le had gone the length of proposing to her, and had been accepted. I was surprised, and not altogether pleased. lie was so mixed up in my mind with George that I could not separate the two, and I could not bear to have any change in our relationship. I-Ie saw I was not pleased, and took some trouble to reconcile me to it. Of course nothing that I could say woult alter the matter; so I held my tongue, and they were married very quietly at the parish church by the obnoxious rector. One good result followed this marriage ; she persuaded her husband to begin, to go to church again and be friends with the rector. I was very glad of this; for their feud had been one cause that the neighbourhood held aloof from the major, and I wanted to see him take his rightful position. His wife's influ once, too, had a happy effect upon his tem per and disposition. She softened his bitter contradictory spirit, and showed so much good sense in lier new position, that I ehded by thinking that the major had done the wisest act in his life when lie married her. As to the poor girl herself, she brightened up under the influence of happiness, and looked quite a new creature. It was the first little glimpse of sunshine she had ever known. She was far too humble to fret herself because the neighbouring ladies did not receive her into their ranks, and was far too much in love with her husband to care for anything else. They lived quite privately and quietly, and at the end of eighteen months a little son was born, who filled up the measure of their content. One morning I had been to wait on the major, to ask directions about the drainage of an outlying meadow. -Ie agreed to ride over with me to see what was doing, and we went out together at the back of the house, to go to the stables. As we were crossing the yard we saw a wild, athletic man, half gipsy, half-tinker, standing ready to beg or to steal, as the occasion offered. The major had a horror of vagrants and beggars, and never showed them any mercy. All the penalties the law allows were always enforced; though no man had a kinder heart to all honest and deserving poor than he. I had seen this tinker hanging about the day before in the village, and had warned him off. I was surprised to see him here, for the boldest beggars never ventured near the house. The major roighily desired him to go away. The man looked at him withl impudent, malicious eyes; and, coming nearer, said something in a low tone that I did not hear. To this, the major only replied y) thlreatoning hint with the ridling-whi hlie hloll in his hand; the man repliedl insolently, andl the blow dclscondedl alcross hia fCoo. Staiggeoring and blitledl, the tain siook his fist at th mInjor, lnd said:lil "I ktnow you, Georgeo Mira.ton ; and I will do flu' you yet." I sttu'rtedtl as tlhough a pistol ihad boon dis. olirgeod in my oar, I looked ilt the mejitr our eyes mot; my glance fell ibonalth 'le nil I tllrnedl away, WVe illeitii of usti minle isy retmrkIl we s ilght ot libvn iiolrd, fl' ay algi we giave, ' Itse mjoi' mtnlesid ]il ioeiy itu rol i alontei to fls Iloll, whore Ie ni,?ihrlne stlpi lhntllding lbe wceeliieln fill linitelr,hol, I wlt weaiing lbr hll wliion he Si Ins cny nii booen ft tir 100 ar ? i" ''lii ie t liiJi n I W lllt n tlt1f l, hllllll/d'llO Y it Intihiefl n I ulrd inl dinner like a man whilo enjoyed it. I sat stupified, andl wondering what was to come next. After dinner, the major proposed to drive his wilfe and the baby in a little forest carriage kept entirely for her use. She was delighted; ndl as she took her place, I thought she looked prettier than I had ever seen her. She always had an innocent look; and a little air of rusticity that became her well. The emajor's great calmness and in difference staggered me, and did more to make me doubt my own convictions than it dozen denials. About an hour after the major had gone out, two man drove to the door in a post chaise, and inquired for him. They were strangers, but I knew they were constables. I otrdered thein refreshments in the major's room, and having soon them seated before the bread andt clleese, 1 went out to await tile major at a turn of the road. I told him in differently as I could, not to alarm his wife, and asked whether lie would choose to avoid them. His cheek flashed as I spoke, and a look like one I well remembered of old, came into his face, and he said, "no, lot them do their worst." And then, touching the pony with the whip, ihe drove on as calmly as though I had asked him what was to be done with a heap of stones. The constables came out at the sound of wheels, and with official stolidity presented tlheir warrant. The mfeor glanced at thie paper, and shrugging Iias shoulders, said he was quite ready to go with them. His wife looked anxiously friom one party to the other. "It is a summons to appear immediately before the magistrates in the next town, to give evidence in a case of disputed identity. Get my carpet-bag packed directly, there's a good little woman; I shall not be home to night." She loft the room, and he made no attempt to follow mer. "I am obliged to accompany these persons to the next town," said the major to me. "They are constables, come to take me on a charge of being a returnted convict. It is unpleasant; for innocent men have been hanged for their likeness to other people be fore now. However, I Ihope to establish my identity; I have a few marks to help me.". He spoke in a hard, dry, distinct voice, as though every word were uttered with tin effort. I could not speak. "I expect to return ta-morrow," con tinied he, "but if I am detained I will write to you. Keep Mrs. Ruthelorford from feeling uneasy, and use your own judgment in all things." His wife entered, looking tearful and agitated. She haid a presentiment of evil. His lip quivered as he bade her farewell; ite graspetl my hand, and sprang hastily into the post-chaise. The major did not return home the next day, or the next after that; for he was com mitted to the county gaol to take his trial at the next assizes. At first the magistrates were extremely unwilling to entertain the charge; and they would have dismissed it, if, unluclkily for the major, Sitr Jervaiso Skinner had not been on the bench. He was it staunch old tory, and had been scandalised by the maijor's liberal tpolitics. No crime could, in his opinion, he too ireadful for such a man to commit; and this accusation seemed only the natural explanation of tihe major's character. He insisted that the accused should be remanded, to give time for further inquiry into the matter. The major imsoelf tid not furnish so prompt an excul-ed pation as might have been expecteid; he did not seem to have any friends to wa ose testi mony lie could appetlt. Afrer two remands lie wvas fully comnmitted to take hlis trial, and I. had to break the matter to his wife, who took it with a composure that surprised me. She thought her husband a persecuted man; but her faith in his innsconce lid not waver for an instant. All that followed may be rend in the news papers at the time. It remains on record as one of the most celebrated causes over tried, and although it was certainly decided by judge and jury, yet public opinion was very much divided, and even I have my doubts still about the matter. You shall. judge for yourself. The old tinker, rascal as hie was, told a story, that if true was conclusive enough. hle hall been sentenced to seven years' trans portation at the same assizes that saw George MIarston sentencedl for life. This part of his story was proved. He had geone out in the same convict ahip, and had seen George every day during the voyage. George was put in some sort of authority over him, and excited his ill-will. When they landed, he worked in the same gang with George. He gave minute details of George's escale, and of the savage onslaught upon the overseer, which resulted in death. A body was discovered sometime after in a state of decomposition, which was supposedl to be that of George Marston, the escaped convict; but he, the tinkerl, hal reasons of his own for not believing it to be Geiorge Marston's body. lie awore positively that the mhtjor and George Miston were one andt the same per son. Two other persons, convicts, who hadl servel their time and who had seen and con versed with George Marston before he effected his escape, were positive as to his identity with the mnijor. Several persons from the lie was transported, recogniseod him the mo ment they saw him. T'ie oturgeon who dressed thie wounds received in the fatal affray with the keepere identilied him. There were wounds also on the ierson of the majot cotorsponding with those recorded in the prison entry, anl in the surgeon's own private journal. Mr. Messent, the lawyer who had ilefentded hiil, now a very old iman, but in perfect iposeossion of his fitculties, reognisodl himn as his oli client. I was kownn to have beean Geaorge's friotint, and a great deii was exlotetil from me; hut I did not fool free to eeionr ltheor waly. I dlii not deny thie strong rosembihnooj buit living blsdo flin so umanny ,iumm, I html l],d lsro'ceid voll ,ir'enoes walob ' osihl not recontlee i no iftem' ai great tloI ofl briowi etiiin g iarel erooeaswemmnnlmlo, I witas llow md so d tieari, I hiald it luts lthrown n, 'Ju'l #tm'y tibe Iuilor ohll nlabt Ilisheolf, in Ibm dmlemuma", was mlognionlh s nllil romnelu, 1i0 plrolloall iu t e illio d ,lrll'il l wnof blirt mlmuIill mhllt'm)oWm it a Jloui p11 umi %'mm#h m omim wlllmPlI ulndtuinf lenly itu ll Itl ilmI rtllm Ig hllhlf tllfl,llftU I IW?tUlil II) miuy Iuinminlq arrived at the Golden Lion. They were evidently rich, and belonging to what the old man called the realn quality. The lady was confined of a van a few days after her arrival; and the child was baptised Andrew, and registered as the child of Thomas and Mary Rutherford. When the lady was sufficiently recovered, they departed, taking with them a Welsh nurse for the baby. The nurse re turned in a few weeks, saying that the lady and gentleman were gone abroad, taking the child with them; but she showed a great reserve anti unwillingness to speak of the matter. This young woman died shortly afterwards. There was great difliculty in taking the evidence of these old people, who were very deaf, and spoke only Welsh. The mnajor then declared that he lived with his parents both in America and also in France, until he entered the East India Company's service at the age of nineteen ; but that por tion of lis narrative was contradictory anid confused. The beginning of his career in the Indian army was also obscure. He could call no witnesses who knoew anything about him until many years subsequently- until, indeed, the year after George had made his escape-and then he was not an officer, but a private soldier. That point made against him. The very next year he was in another regiment as Lieutenant Rutherford, with papers and certificates of service, with the sabre-cut upon his head, the mark of which was visible enough, and also of other wounds which actually were upon his person. From this point his case was clear; he distinguished himself in various engagements; displayed not only courage, but high military talent; and how, asked lie, was it possible that an escaped convict and a man of no education should suddenly find himself endowed with military knowledge sufficient to fill a highly responsible position ? Bravery may be innate, but military skill and knowledge must be acquired. This was well lput, anti evidently had great effect with the whole court. I confess I was not much struck. I recollected George's military tastes, anti had my own notions of his natural tact and cleverness, wlhich I kept to myself. Ie pointed out that the persons who spoke so confidently to his identity with George Marston, the poacher, had not seen him for many years; the principal witness against him was a returned convict-a man of notoriously bad character-and who owned to having an enmity against the individual for whom he had the misfortune to be mis taken. The whole defence was eloquent and elaborate-too elaborate anti too ingenious. The judge in summing up pulled it all to pieces: dwelling particularly on the filct that the accused could give no account of the most important events that had happened in his family. He knoew evidently nothing of either France or America. His experiences in India were contradictory and confuised, up to the year following that in which he was accused of making his escape from transpor tation. All this, anti a great deal more that I cannot now remember, the judge brought out. The defence was not coherent; and the jury, without retiring, returned a verdict of guilty; but strongly. recommended the prisoner to mercy. The major heard the verdict with haughty indifference; and, on being asked in the usual form, why sentence should not be pronounced against him, replied, "because I am not the man who has incurred the penalty." He uttered these words in a ringing, sonorous voice; anti this simple affirmation took more effect than all his defence put together. Tie judge passed sentence, and he was re moved from the dock. The interest excited. by his case was intense; petitions and memorials on his boehalf were got up all over the country, anti backed by highly influen tial persons. What effect they might have hadl it is hard to say ; but they were rendered superfluous by the fact that the major effected his own escape in a masterly fashion, unpar alleled in the annals of prison-breaking. I was not surprised, I had heard him say that the prison wtas not built that could keep him inside if lie chose to go out. He got clear off, and reached the continent in safety. He was afterwards joined by his wife. They are both still alive. Government declinedl to con fiscate his property : the son inherited it. I was made trustee and guardian, and have administered the affairs over since. 