THE MYSTERIOUS ROBBERIES. a detective's story. While sitting »lone in my office, one dull, dark, drizzly October afternoon, indulging in the luxury of a quiet smoke, the door opened in a timid, hesitating manner, and an old, wrin- kled, grey-headed, grey-bearded man, poorly and Bhabbily dresäed, shuffled in, and, throwing the glanoe of what was still a keen, restless, suspi- cious black eye over my person, said, in a sub- dued and what sounded like an humble tone, that he had called to soo Mr. George Larkin " That is my name, sir I" returned I ; " pray step forward and take a seat." The old man seemed to hesitato a moment, eyed me sharply, glanced warily about the apartment, and then observed, as ho walked for- ward and sat down near me,-" I hope we are alone, Mr. Larkin, for my business concerns only our two selves." " We are quitte alone, sir, as you see." "But sometimes, I am told," ho continued, hesitatingly, " these kind of places-I beg your pardon ! I mean no offence to you-sometimes, I say, I am told, these places are contrived for secret listeners." "But I have assured you, sir," I replied, rather coldly, " that we are alone here, and if you doubt my word, perhaps you had better carry your secret, whatever it is, away with you." " Well, well," ho rejoined, somewhat hastily, " never mind-I will take your word-I will truBt you. And I have good authority for doing bo, too!" he added partly soliloquizing and partly addressing me. " You see, Mr. Larkin, as there is to be confidence between ub, it is no more than fair to tell you that I have been to a magistrate asking for a trusty and secret police agent, of superior cunning and intelligence, and that Mr. George Larkin was named aB the indi- vidual on whom I could rely in every particu- lar." " I am much, obliged to the magistrate, who- ever he is, for his good opinion and recommen- dation," I answored, with a slight bow. " And now sir, if you are satisfied, I am prepared to hear communication." Again the old man hesitated, and eyed me keenly, and turned somewhat pale at the thought of what he was about to divulge ; but at last, as if pressed by necessity, he seemed to put his soruplcB aside, and said-" Mr. Larkin, I am an old man aB you see, and perhaps rather eccentric one, as you may discover. Old as I am, I am alone in the world, having neither wife nor child, and only some distant relations, who do not care for me nor I for them. Poor as I look, and as everybody believes me," (here he glanced his keen eyes suspiciously around him, leaned for- ward, and whispered in my ear)-" I have gold -much gold-gold enough to-to-Well, no matter!" I looked at the old man as he paused, and I said, while debating in my own mind whether he was sane or a monomaniac, " Well, sir, what has this gold to do with me ?" "Let me confess to you," ho pursued, " since Ishavo resolved to trust you, what I have never told to mortal ear, that I love gold-adore gold -and that I am what the world, if it know, would call a miser." " Then you are to be pitied !" said I. He fastened upon me a strange, startled, searching look, as if he doubted the sinoerity of my words, the sentiment of which was beyond his comprehension, it being impossible for him to understand how a miser, a man having actual heaps of gold, could be in any degree a subjeot of pity. " Yes," he resumed at length, " I never saw any human being that I liked as well as myself; but gold, silver money, the coin of the realm, of all realms, I like better." " Well," returned I, now .nearly convinced that the old man was not in his right mind, " I do not seo what this h.as_to do with me." _ ".Ay, ay, I am doming to that, Mr. Larkin ~ -I am ooming to that. You see, being alone in the world, and loving nothing but my gold, I naturally live alone with my gold. Years ago-a great many years ago, you see-I bought an old tumble-down house, on the outskirts. Heavens ! what a price I had to pay for it, too!-two hundred pounds, Mr. Larkin-ac- tually two lundred pounds, sir-for that house and a bit of land-and all in hard gold too ! ah, me ! Well, as I was saying, I bought the house, and then went to work myself, and with my own hands, that I might not pay out any moro money and have anybody know my secret, I constructed a safe-a fire-proof safe and then had an iron door made for it, with a bank-lock that no ono could open without the key and secret of him who had locked it. This done, I sold all the property which I had in- herited, converted it into gold, put the gold into leather bags (another expensive luxury !) and secretly deposited thom in my safe. Since then I have dressed like a beggar, and lived alone with my gold, the sight of which has given me hours of rapture, and the jingle of which has filled my ears with a delight which I cannot express. Well, sir-well, sir," continued the old man, fairly trembling at the thought, " I now como to the painful business which has brought me here ! Ah, me ! ah, me ! I wonder it has not driven me mad ! For years, Mr. Larkin-for years, air-I lived alone with my gold, and kept my own secret, and nobody found me out ; but of late, sir (headen be merciful !), I have been robbed-robbed, sir-of my gold of my gold, Mr. Larkin !" " Then I Bupposo you are now a poor man ?" . said I. " How was your house broken into ? Give me the most minute particulars, for it is ofton by the merest trifles that we detectives are able to get the due that leads to the greatest results." " Ah ! there it is, sir-there is the mystery !" groaned the old man. " You are mistaken, Mr. Larkin, in supposing that I am literally a poor man, or that my house has boen broken into at all, so far as I can discover. No, sir-no ! The money has been taken several times-a bag at a time-and yet nothing has been disturbed. My doors and windows, which I have always bolted as well as locked, I have never found unbolted or unlocked, which must have been the ease if any one had come in that way. And then my safe is always found just as I leave it, and the key fastened to my body by its iron chain. The first bag of gold I missed (oh, heaven, be merci- ful !) was about two months ago, and I oould not believe it was gone till I had counted the re- maining bags ovor and over, perhaps fifty times. Then I tried to believe I had taken it out myself, and mislaid it, and I spent two days in searching the whole house-every ¡nook and cranny-every likely and unlikely place. Well, sir, a week went along, and another bag was missing. Horrible mystery ! Since that I have lost three more the last ono last night-and human naturo can endure it no moro ! Oh, sir ! find out the thief, and restore mo my missing gold, and I will-will-worship you, sir !" I smiled at the idea of getting a miser's wor- ship in return for my trouble of finding out a mysterious thief and restoring the owner a large amount of gold j and I said, faoetiously, " Unquestionably what you offer is very valu- able in your estimation ; but neither a miser's HesBing nor curse will pass current for rent, food; or clothing. No, Mr.-a-"" " Brandish-Stephen Brandish." "No, Mr. Brandish, if I undertake this business of getting this secret thief, and getting back your money, or any portion of it, I must be paid in gold- gold, sir-gold-for I, too like gold-though for what it will buy, and not to worship." For a long time we could not agree upon terms ; but at last, having got that matter settled to my satisfaction, I entered with great zest into the penetration and unravelment of what was really a very wonderful mystery. That night, after dark, I made my appearance at the miser's house) and, being admitted, and the door secured, I began my inspection of the premisos. I went up to the roof and down to the cellar, searching minutely all the walls, floors and ceilings, for some possiblo placo where a thief might enter to secrete himself. The house was an old crazy structure, suro enough . but I found nothing to give me a clue to the mystery. The doors and windows were all bolted on the inside, and the bolts, I assured myself by a close examination, were all sound and in good order. In the cellar was a well, from which the old man drew what water he used, and I satisfied myself there was nothing suspicious about that. Then I went round the walls, and. tried every stone of any size, to seo if it might be removed ; but all were fast and solid. At last I carno to the money-safe, which was curiously built in the ground, with the iron door upwards, like a trap- door and whioh waa offootunlly ooncealod by scattering dirt over it. " I must see the insido of this !" said I * " there may "possibly bo an excavation under- neath." " Oh, sir," returned the old miser, trembling at tho thought of exposing his riches, " you will not take advantage of an old man! You-will not betray me ! You will promise this-you will swear it !" I might havo got offended at this question of my honesty from another ; but I took into con- sideration the peculiarities of the afflicted miser, and readily promised all he required, even going so far as to take an oath of secrecy. At last, after much hesitation and demurring, he ven- tured to expose the interior of the safe to my gaze. It contained twenty-five heavy bags of gold, with a large amount of silver thrown in loosely ; bub the bottom, sides, and all parts of it, save the iron door, were composed of thiok granite, perfectly cemented, and had never been disturbed since being put together. My inspection of the house was now com- pleted, but without gaining the slightest clue to the mystery of the robberies. I could dis- cover no place where any one could have entered, and there was certainly no one now concealed in tliA rin-nufi T nnnskioned the miser as to who had visited him ; but he positively deolared that, myself exceptod, I was the only one ho had per- mitted to cross his threshold since taking up his solitary abode there. I was at a stand-I knew not what to suggest. Had but one bag been missing-or had he only been robbed once-the matter would have seemed susceptible of some rational solution ; but to be robbed five several times, at irregular intervals, and the thief to be so forbearing as to tike only a com- paratively small portion at each time, and then withal leave no trace, save the loss, of his having been there,-this it was that puzzled and per- plexed me exceedingly." I finally went away, at a late hour, promising to give the matter my serious consideration, and fclio old man agreeing to communioato with me immediately on the occurrence of anything new. Three days after he again appeared, in a half distracted state, and declared that, during the night previous, he had been robbed of another bag of gold. Again I repaired to his house and made another thorough search, going from cellar, to roof, and from roof to cellar, examining everything, oven to his old rotten straw bed, but only to end as wise as I bogan. I made him open his safe again^and saw with my own eyes that only twenty-four bags remained; and I knew from his appearance that the missing money was really lost, since it was not possible for anyone to counterfeit such wretched grief and terror as his countenance, language, and, manner expressed. The money was gone ; but who was the thief, and by what mystery had he made his entrance and exit, and opened and closed the safe ? In a few days the miser was robbed again ; and, in spite of all I could do, he continued to be robbed, at longer cr shorter periods,. for several months, until, in faot, only ten bags of gold remained. By this time he was wasted al- most to a skeleton through grief at his loss, and I had become so nervous and superstitious that I looked to see a ghost every time I visited the dwelling. What could it mean ? I had spent days and nights in the house-had arranged matters so that I could come and go as I pleased, at all hours, secretly and openly- and yet, though I had used this freedom, and been an almost constant spy upon the premises, I had failed to detect the slightest due to the* thief. Surely it could not be the work of human hands! and the thought of the supernatural made my blood run cold. One night I retired to bed, terribly perplexed with this mystery ; and afterrolling and tossing about for a long time I fell asleep, and dreamed I was in the raiser's house, on the watch, and that I saw him get up, go to his safe, unlock it, take out a bag of gold, drop it in the well, re look his safe, and return to his bed. ". That is it !" I cried, leaping out upon the floor. " I have it now ! Tho wretched man is a sleep-walker, and has all along boen robbing himself! Why have I not thought of this before ?" I dressed in baste, and set off, night though it was, to ascertain the truth of my new conjec- ture. I reached the gloomy house, went in, and found the miser was not in bed. I hurried down stairs, and, by the light of my lantorn, behold him stretohed out on the ground near the well, with a bag of gold in his hand. I spoke to him, but he did not answer. I touched him, but he did not stir. I stooped down, took hold of his wrist, felt his pulse, and started up in horror. ne was dead ! He died in the act of rolling himself! The mystery was solved, my dream had re- vealed the truth, and the missing bags of gold were all found at the bottom of tho well. The whole was taken possepsion of by the authorities, and I reoeived my just duo for services ren- dered. Artemus Ward the humorist, of whom ive have heard so mnch lately, and who promises to lecture here during the coming winter, has prepared a new book detailing his ad- ven'ure amongst the Mormons, whioh Mr. Hotten, of Pic- cadilly, will publish this week. This book bas been edited by Mr. E.P. Hingston ,an English gentleman now in London, who accompanied " A. Ward" with bis " onparalleled show" through the Mormon territory and California. In an itrodnction the editor gives some ourious particulars of the sooial condition of these mysterious polygamists. The book ia divided into two parts;--I. " On the Barn pag ;" II. " Peru to Literatoor." A fatal gun accident has ooourrei at Scarborough. Tbe other day fijp. W. Crowther, of Huddersfield, went ont with another friend, at Scarborough, shooting sea fowl, He had laid his gun in the bottom of the boat. Shortly afterwards, when drawing it towards him by the muEzlo, both hammers being down, the pleoe suddenly went off. The charge, a strong one of No. 5 eliot, en- tered his right breast, passing through the lung and principal vessels, and lodging in his back, where the shot oonld bo felt under the uubroken skin. Death was al- most instantaneous. 