BRITISH AND FOREIGN BIBLE SOCIETY. The annual meeting of the New South Wales Auxiliary to the British and Foreign Bible Society was held last evening in the Masonic Hall. The chair was taken by his Excellency Sir John Young, who was accompanied by Lord John Taylour. The Hon. John Campbell, M.L.C, the Very Rev. Dean of Sydney, the Revs Dr. Lang, T Hassall, E. Rogers, John Graham, Dr. Tucker, Dr. Steel, W. Lumsdaine, Fletcher, and Synge; and Messrs; G. F. Wise, Joseph Thompson, and Dr. Charles were on the platform. The Rev. W. Stack, David Jones, Esq., Dr. Moffitt, and other old friends of the cause were in the body of the meeting. The Rev. E. ROGERS read the Scriptures and offered prayer. His EXCELLENCY then said he regretted that he would have to deny himself the gratification of listening to and deriving instruction from the eloquent speeches which would be made; and he hoped they would excuse him, if he retired after the reading of the report. This course he took under medical advice. His medical advisor had wished hil not to attend or stay long at large public meetings, an not to vonturo on making a «peech; ns tho excitomcr might provo injurious. But he did not wish.to t thought wanting on an occasion of so great important as tho annual meotios of tho Biblo Socioty in this cit (cheers) ; moro especially ho did not wish to be absen becauso bis Rie-lit Rev. friend tho Bishop had beo called away by important duties; and OIBO on accour of tho absenco of their excellent Presiden Mr, Georgo Allon, who had taken occasio of tho recess of Parliament to vis a neighbouring colony in search of hcaltl He could not havo it imagined that he thought th Biblo Society required tho singlo support of any indivi dual, howovor exalted his station. The timo in wbic i it requin») such support was long passed. It had ou grown its infancy, and required neither nursing fatbei nor nursing mothers. If was firmly rooted in th affections and support of tho peoplo of England. An those persons of lofty position who took part in its pix cecdings woro far from thinking that thoy brought t much strength to this society as thoy derive from it. They thought it an honour to b enrolled among ita supporters, and folt that it adde waight to their words, and influence to their positiot Ho was glad to seo that tho ropcrt contained nothin but what was satisfactory and oncourauing. Tili branch society had hold, and moro than held its owi during tho past twelvo months, giving aid to libraric and Sunday-schools. Tho word reminded him of th great value of these schools- in tho mother-country (Hear, hear.) At a most trying crisis of our nation: history, thoy gnvo a now bias, a strong and salutar ; impúlsente the feelings and aspirations of tho people j These Sunday-schools had trained tens of thousands t , walk in tho ways of virtue and honest industry. Thui through God's blessing, barriors were creeled ag ins I infidel and anarchical passions, which elsowhcr wrought such great disaster. If this system of Sunda j schools could bo established throughout this territory, i would bo of the greatest possible uso in rescuing thou sands who are now in imminent peril of boing draw: into tho evil courses consequent on neglect Thc sub ject of this evening was the circulation, as widely a possible, of tho sacred Scriptures, They aro a standin) revolution of Divino truth. (Hear, beor.) To circulât thom is synonymous with spreading th very lifo and breath of Christianity. Hi was not unaware of tho foot that many learned nm pious persons had doubts on this subjoct. They though tho unreserved circulation of tho Scriptures might lea« to mischiefs, to whimsical interpretations, to scandal nnd schism. No doubt these evils did in somo case happen ; but they were tho abuso of a privilege I was novcr safo to nrguo from tho abuso of a thin; against tho uso of it (Cheers.) But, in addition ti this, thoy must toko into view what resulted from th opposito course-keeping peoplo in ignoranco of thi sacred Scriptures. No Church, however rich its endow ments, could roach.tho whole community. Therefore no Church is in a position to cast aside any means o disseminating tho truth and supporting religion. .. Om of tho most effective means of preaching tin gospol was diffusing printed copies of tho holj Scriptures. All tho evils that " could flan from schism -and he was far from under valuing them-wore nothing to those that flowed fr sm ignoranco. Every difference of opinion need not lend to schism. As long as mon are born with different minds, differences of opinion there will bo. If there was charity, discussions would only tend to bring_ out tho truth. From ignorance have sprung, in past times, and in these times, moro evil passions,'more bf every form of vice and misery, than from all othor causes put together. (Cheers.) When wo look back to tho past history of Christianity, when it was called to cn j counter its greatost perils, what was tho courso of those who sought to extend Christianity P. What was the remedy thoy thought effectual for tho evils that pr* vailed? To mako known tho Scriptures to all the peoplo in every place, as fully as they possibly could. (Cheers.) They sought-to place tho whole truth publicly beforo all. These preached in all charity ( they asked only n fair field, with no force to oppress, and no favour to corrupt They would have counted such openings ns are now beforo tho church as great gain Their efforts wero crowned with success. This society was seeking to do similar work to that, which thc first heralds of Christianity per- formed-to placo tho Scripture in every hand, to make them the household book in every houso and mansion in tho territory. Tho gift was ono of infinito value, furnishing guidance for every case, instruction suited to every capacity. Ho who 'studies them humbly will find that which wi'l ennoble his character, whioh will refine hiB feelings of charity towards his fellow creatures, and impart reverential lovo towards bound- less psrfeetion. (Cheers.) , The Secretary, G. F. WISE, Esq. then, at the request of tho Chairman, read the following report for tho year:- | At tbo clono of another yoar, your committee havo to report tho proceedings of th« New S uto W.loa Auxiliary to th« Brittan and Foreign Bible Society, for this tb« fwty-ninth. year of Ita exlntcnce. . . i Tbe operutlnns of tho year hara not been marked by any special featuroof inlorcst; yat the Aux Hary maintain* ita independent position, and continuée 'o comma*.d the sym- pathy and hearty co-oporat on of the Clirlsfaa public. \- Your committee lave much pleasure la sta'lne: thal >h*ro has a-r iln been, during the paKtyear, an Increase In tKe hstto of the Scripurrs over tba proctdi. g yean; and,although th'a increase hos u>.t been flo large ns that shown between tba years 180-1 and IS VI, lt ia gratifying lo bo ablo lo record that a progressiv* Issue continues to exist. In 18M, thq total Issues of Bibles from thin AuxU'arr were 3185; lu 18m, 370H ; In lsq5, 3074. In addition to wblcb tho enln of Testament aud portions hare Increased from the yena 1863, when iho issue was 2102, to an Issue in 1866 of 2«74 Tho number of Diblos and Testaments which have keen Issued In f ireign 1-mgusges during the year, amount to W2, whtab bar* heen tn the following language?, viz.-.German, French, Latia, Oroek llebrow, Swedlsn, Italian', Hindus, tenec, welsh, Dutch, Danish, Spanish, Portuguese, Tongan Tubman. ' Byroferonco to th < treasurer's statement, lt »ill bc seen that tho sum of ¿a00 li s I cen remitted as a free contribution to the Parent Socioty independently of which, ti a run, of £500 has been furwaidod on purchase, account, and the balan-o cfdobt dna onaocountof furniture, fittings, &o.; amounting to the sum of £¿00, bas been paid i ff during th* past yoar. It ls most satisfactory, to note that the assets of this nuxl lary »how a balanco . f i'UCO i ver and > eion-l ita nobilities. During tho past year your commlltco have not boen called on to make freo granta, except tn rv very limited oxtont to tba Sailors' Homo, and tho DlbleWoman Mission. Slnco cop'os of tba' Scriptures oro now proc-arablo at ( rices within the resell of almost tbe pooro.t Individual, your committee do not, thcrorore, deom lt desirable to oncnurngo fro o granta, except In very spoclal oases, and thereby divort tba society's funds from their moro legi linnie ohjeat ; at tho raino time no application fur a supply of Scriptures Is aver made wi bout receiving duo con- sideration on tho part of tho committee.. Your committee, Mire, t . report that tho Parent Society has most goncrous'y mada a furtlio - grnnt to this auxiliary of 600 Willes, aal 1CS0 ToftarneutB, far tho uso of Sunday ncliools. In anticipation of tho grant, your committee Issued during tho past year to tba Sydney Sabbath School Union, nnd ? thor schools, sixty-one Bibles and sixty-one Testaments. The re- mainder are now ready for dist ihutloii. 'I bero hos bean no l< crease to the number of our branch soolotlas durin tho past year : but thosa already established aro tn native operatl n, mid aro o rrying on thoir work with much real and energy. But the depression In builno'i which has fallen upon almost orory class lu thocol.iny. In conac quouco, in tho flri-t place of ii succession of floods, and now of a severo drought, has um'er ally affected the amount of con- tributions rocolved fr. m tho country districts. Tho annual meetings of the severa1 branches, have, lu general, boon exceedingly satisfactory: many of them have been attended by the nar. Dr, Tucker, whoso eloquent and stirring advocacy never falls to produce tho most favourable results. Your commlttco are thoroughly convluced or tho .nccesalty ofa periodical visitation of the branches, In order to ooure their effective act on, ana desired usorulnca:: and they cmbrnco this opportun! y of recording their senso of tho valu- able services rendered In this respect by thoir rospio.ed friend, theogoatfrom ths pnrcut society. Thu amonnt contributed by each branch Is given la tho apnondlx. lu o nnootton wi li the work of tho lilllie Woman In fin o'ty, t.) whioh your committee moro particularly alluded in thoir report for tho year 1801, as havlag uran ed some assist anea tennrJs her maintenance yo-tr comiuttteo bnvu t> regret ihat. a thou-li the Illhlo Woman',- avocations, during tho past year, have bun carried on al s on, she boa not boen so sucoeisful aa it was anticipated in disposing of Bibles, li Is to be boned that tho fu ure demands muda through'the agency or thc Oíble Woman for tho purchruo of Bibles wtU be largely Increased, anthia mode nf distributing til » Eerlp turo« anio rat tlieworklngcloaiui hos benn fourni eminently successful in london, where, ihmugli ibo nitonpy if Hi ile women, no less neun-, lian ¿4000 haslieoa paid for tbo pur ch aso of upwards of 00,000 Bib es and ToslamtiUto during tho past »ovon year , Th« Bibi« mmu ll tn BO CM« allow«*: to dbrtriaoU Bibi«« gratuitously; all moat ba paid 'or at th« tin« of delito»/. ? Your eommltt«« have to u tic« th« reo.ipt or a letter from th«. PCT W. O La>w«e, In Turenne« ta th« SOW coplea ef part* of the Kew Testament In 'ho Nine dialect, foi th« use or tba Inhabitants of Savage leland, in tho South Seas, a full account or which baa been recorded in the report for ibe year 18 4. : The Kev Mr Law«- writes, under date of M- rch 18,1884 : '* The eager recoptlon o' the Testament by the people waa from DO more dcalre to possess a 1-ook, hut. la moat cai«», from a genuine love of the earing truth! contained therein. They have mada good progress lu i nowledge ; and I trust in ra.Dy In- stance, a correspon Ung progress In hoUne-s, But few copes of the pori lon of th« New Testament In print rem in un old. ..'most all the ckltdien have a copy t m at of them can read lt well. Many of tto chi'dren hara committed to memory la ge portion« and can roten who a chapters. Vacy, or alt ages, who cannot read we memory, If they oin oely got a cuo to the first taro ar thico wonts. : "AB lt reg»! ds the payment of tb« New Testaments received last year, I am sorrv that the Bales ara not likely to realize the am u talpa ded by your sotie y tit thi-m. The poo o le have no money, ihey are paying for them In co oa-nut libre. TV« ? hipped 4 cwt. to 3.moa in June last, and ve have now 30 cwt of Obre, and 3-100 lbs. of arrowroot In the storehouse. Ai tba .Sydney prioes two years ago, all thia would have realls'd about £ aO, but now thntwe have no mission vessel, wo bave no means of sending the above to Sydney. Tho amall qumtlty which we tent lo Samoa in June lui, fetched only 6 centB per p und ; and I fear that which wo now havo will not fetch io much. We ara walting an opportunity to Bond lt to -nmoa-" - Your committee, however, hiv« lately bad the pleasure to rr*ceivo o> romittanco to the amount of £36 6a. in part pay- ment. It Is very gratifying toknow how eaierly tho Bibi > Ia sought after and appreciated by the luhahltinta of S .moa und the adjacent Islands. Within littlo more than two years, tho very largo Bum of £2,-100 b-s bern remitted fiom thenco to the Parent Society on account of Bibles sold in these Inlands. Your committee bave o report that their building fund, which waa commenced in 18S3, baa only very .lowly increaod, noir amounting to £800 5s. 4d., which la invested tn Treasury bills at 0 percent. In I crest : Your commttteo again urgo th« special attention of tjie . f. lends of the society ts tbe great desirability of hating premises of their own, that thu*, being freed from th» pay- ment of rent, lamer contributions might be made to the funds of the Parent Society. In the i ourao of another year, thia Auxiliary will have barn established f, r half a century : In commemoration of which event, it would bo most stratifying, «hen March 1867 "hall have arrived, to be able t i report that thia Auxiliary bad then, a sufficient sum on band lo erect a building of their own' Contribu lens for thia special object are earnestly soil Itcd. Your coramltt e cannot but expre a much regret that since ! the establishment of this Auxiliary, none of tho many wealthy friends of the soclely have conferred en it a donation, or left to lt a legacy; and il.oy would also draw your attention to tho lmtted amount of annual sub cllptlons paid to Ita funds, in the hope of provoking the co- operation and ass stance of ad 'I tlonal subscribers, rjurely such a noble Institution as the I British and 1'orelgn Bible Society ia deserving of continued and lúcreos: d support. Your committee cannot cloao their report without referring to tho operations of that venerable society, of which thia is an aoxll ary. It ls a cause «f unfeigned thankfulm BS to And tbat In these days of infidol criticism, tho Bible Society holds on lia way. Tim repot shows that the Incomoof last yiar I (180 ) exceeds £180,0 0, bein* more by £IV,000 than that of any previous year. This Income represents an Issue of nearly two and a helf million copies of the InBpIicd Word, lnwbole or ia part.; and the total Issue, during sixty year.', approximates to 48 millions. Every fri. nd of tho socluty will I cloie« to lea-n that at borne, os I well aa abroad, tbe circulation of tho Word of Truth ha« been Increased. Through a well ordered and effect TO colportage, the Bible ls at length being introduced into every European country, and In many wi.h einl ont success. In 1 Italy, where till rory latoly the word of tho Lord wo* bound, and where nil waa darknoas, th« light la beginning to break f. rth, and the work of bible circulation ls steadily progressing; and «Ton In those few countries where the Bible ls still a prohibited book, there a « tl^ns of a moro enlightened and righteous policy ; and if we turn to the one« dark plaots of the earth, the land of neaihenlsm, wo sholl there a'sohato ampio evidence of the workings of thia noble Society. Ita action ls of incomparable value when viewed in relation to the M1 siouftry agency of the Church, in providing for th« diffusion [ of Clod a Word wherever a missionary plants nts foot. In con Ius'on your committee earnestly bu', hoiefully urge unnn their friends the duty of sustaining and increasing the usefulness of this Society. Whl'o we rejol e nt the mighty work which it has been i r vlleged io accomplish in thus Bend ng God a Wor t wherever an opening presented Itself through- out he length and breadth of the earth, wa moat not forget that there are yet ma-.y people and nation« and tongues who arri «till Ignorant of tte glorious Gospel ; and therefore, with a deeper fevllngofpirsonal responsibility, and a greater conoi-rn for God's glory and the aa'.vatlon of o.en. wouM we Invoko your aldin disseminating that volume, wh'.oh alone " ls able to make wise unto salvation." G. W. AIXKN, Esq., road tho following flnonoial I statement; Dr. 1885-January 1,-To bala-co ri per laat report... £03 18 0 Sales of books, &c; nop 3t . . 471 14 3 Branchn ... ... ... 120 17 S Subscripting and donat'orjs ' Branohrs " ..." ... ' Treasurer's 1'st ... Cr. 1865-By remittances to Farent Society-. Purchase account ... .. SOO Freo contribu ions ... ... 300 Exchange on remittances and chequea ... . ... ' 9 IS Ü I Depository and lad ... ... .., ... 33B IB " Rentrâtes, fittings, and repairs... ... ... 218 11 Printing, advertising, stationery, postage ... 41 6 ll I Cornmlsa'on toool'eclor . . ... ... .. 18 4 B Insurance, freight, travelling expeniea, icc. ... 20 B 1 Balance in Bank Now Bouth Walea ... ... 91 ; BDII.PI no FUND. Dr. ÏS83-January L-To balance In bank ... ... December 31.-To interest on Treasury billa |£U01 £890 £ Cr. ? January 16.-By cash paid for Treasury billa, with accruing Interest ... ". 836 3 101 Balance la Bank New South Wat««... 68 ' 1 £890 ' HisExcellonoy, nt this period, left tho chair andi retired. The- Honorable John Campbell waa unanimously I called to tho chair. Athis request 1 The Vory Rev. tho DEAN OP STONEY moved tho first resolution-" That the report now read bo adopted, and together with tho financial statement be printed and circulated." Ho said his pleasure was mingled with regret that his Excellency should havo boen obliged to leavo thom, and that tho" Bishop of Sydnoy was not present. Tho Bishop was a warm friend of' this socioty ; and bad repeatedly in an oloqucnt mnnnor advocated its interests. ';Thoso who were prosont at tho last annual rnectinp; must havo folt how deeply thoy wera indebted to him for what he (tho Dean) regardod aB ono of the best epocches o vor delivered on tho platform of Hie,Bible Society in Now South "Wales. As it had fallen to his (tho Dean's) lot, ho would ondcavour to put before them the topics suggested to his own mind by tho report Upon tho wholo tho report was of an encourag- ing, nature. Tho socioty had been- ablo to hold on its way during tho past yoar, and to m»ko some progress. Th ero was a genorql commercial depression and difficulty throughout tho colony. It was an encouraging, fact, to bavo held its way, and to have forwarded £000 to the patent Bocioty as a freo contribution. Tho debt of £200, for which tho socioty was liablo last yoar, had boon paid off. Tho issues of the Holy Scriptures had been increased to an extent of 400 copies. But thoro was one «mall paragraph which specially arrested bis attention. It WOB tho fourth paragraph, which stated tbat during ibo past I year 182 Bibles bad been issued, in fifteen different languages. If they boro in mind that those languages wero European, Asiatic, Polynesian, nncient and modern, it wns à very interesting faot. From what other source could portons in Sydnoy speaking and read- ing thoso languages havo obtained tho Word of God? This was a beautiful illustration.of tho work of tba great sooioty of which they wore a part. Tho parent socioty circulated tho Biblo ¡ri ISO, different languages, Hms providing tho bread of lifo to tho multitudes of tho people, and sending forth the waters of lifo into tho moral wildorneBS of humanity. No ono who loved tho Biblo, who had experienced its beneficial effect upori his own heart, could do other than rejoice in this success. Looking to tho origin of this Auxiliary-now forty, nino years ago- thoy saw that it hail paBsed through a varioty of transitions. It began undor tho auspices of tho Governor (Macquarie), who nro Bidod nvor tho colony at that timo. Thora liad boon times when thoy wore not so largoly counte- nanced ; but hero it is diffusing its wholosomo influ- ence through families, churches, Sunday-schools, and tho community at largo, giving assurance that it will livo through all tho difficulties it may havo to encoun- ter hereafter. They disseminated tho Book of Truth with God's mark upon it, in tho cenfldonco that all will seo nt length that by Him all its sayings have been verified. What they wanted was to moko its excollonco known to othor', BO DB to Boouro their countennnco and encouragement in diffusing more, widely tho iniluonccs of tho gospel ; to bring 1 in fresh workers into euoh. a good causo. Ho hoped thoso proaont would make known to others j what tho society wos doing. Why should the roport bo adopted ? To show tlioir satisfaction with tho work of thc sooioty during tho past year, nnd to lot others I know what tito society was doing. When people saw , what was dono with their raonoy, thoy would bo.firm and fast fnonda of tho society. No one who heard or read tho roport could bo otborwiso than glad to know j what was dono. Tlioy hid not too frooly givon away tho Word of God. Eor tho -Scriptures could bo lind for so small -a price . that it was not wiso to give thom for nothing Somo excoptions woro ninile : ono was tho Sailors' llomr. But one common defeat in" this oouutry was tho want of frugality. Ana the requiring of malt «nra» in ; mint for bibles would {oater th« habita of eeono They aided Sunday-achoole, in order to impart greatoat good to tho largest number. Tho I S a'.oty woe a very great and important fact in History of tho nineteenth century. Its oporat ramify in so . many - directions, ' its blessings sr numerous, that it must be looked upon as ona of greatest, most beneficent, and valuable of tho inst turn* now everywhere in operation-as tho frioni mankind, as tho foo of orror, tho supporter of tn promoting lovo, peace and equity. .. In every countr seeks to impart the highest blessings-tho blousing salvation. It goos forth into tho Honthon land ; i countries steeped in superstition and bowed ut dospotio povvor; into lands wore anarchy^ rules, evi where with the Biblo in its hand, to give to mai every raco and every class, teaching them to lovo do good to ono (motlier. It appeared to claim support of every Christian ; for its object was to p the Word of Truth, God's own mind, in tho bandi dvory human hoing. (Cheors.) Dr. STKP.L * had much pleasure in seconding adoption of the report, and ho must sav, having dor similar office in tho chief city of a neighbouring colo that the prosont mooting offered a very pleasing conti to that ono. In Melbourne they bad tho Govornoi preside, but thcro was a vory meagre attendance, a instead of tho report showing that tho auxtlary ! contributed aid.to tho parent''society, it -showed t tho auxiliary was about a thousand pounds in di The report just read prosontod n very gratifying c trast to tho state ef things in Melbourne lie was v glad to observo that tho report alluded to tho lubourt his friend Dr. Tucker, whoso labours certainly deser moro credit than they had hitherto gainod, believed that Dr. Tucker had done moro good in t cause than any ono ho knew of. Ho bad added hundredfold to tho supporters of the society, and tho partakers of bis benefits ; and '(Dr. Steel) only wishod that larger opp tunities wore afforded to Dr. Tucker oiplain' to audiences Uko tho presont, tho objects a tho advantages sought to bo disseminated by i Biblo Society, rio was also very glad to find that I services of tho Biblo-woman had been made use of h with good effect, lío wished that this Biblo worn woro botter supported, and it was vory_ desirable tl earnest helpers would arise to aid her in her labou Ho considered that the system, of colportago was c that was productivo of very groat benefits. It h dono a great deal of good in Europo, among all t most populous towns of the continent. It was amnzi to road of tho results of tho labours of tho col por te u in our own mothor country, whore, during tho pi year, about 60,000 Bibles h'ad been disposed of Joy thi men. Another very interesting mnttor with référer, to colportago was brought to his remembrance. Swansea, a lady of his acquaintance had disposed 2090 eopios of the Biblo in the streets, from ber ci rioge. Let us spport this Biblo Socioty. I us who havo tho light causo it sbino upon others - who wore not highly blessed. Lot us put the Word baforo 01 benighted, brethren, in order that they might partake thc privileges which the truths of Christianity held o to all mon. Lot us mako oil men acquainted with tl truth, as it is in Jesus. It is batter to givo wi a liberal hand whilo you aro alive and able to < so. The Rev. THOMAS HASSALL supported the resolution. Just before he went to England, he had the pleasure of attending the first meeting of the Bible Society, forty- nine years ago, and he held in his hand the report that was then read. That was a very large meeting, was presided over by Governor Macquarie, and was held in what was then called the "Dumb Hospital," now the Parliament Houses. On looking over the list of the gentlemen who took part in that meeting, he was struck with a feeling of melancholy, for where were they now? All were dead except himself. Where might we be fifty years hence? It was our duty to work now and do as much as we could in the good cause, for who knew how soon we might be called to our account. He felt that something should be done for the sailors, who were a most well-disposed and excellent set of men and he could bear testimony to the kindly manner in which they were accustomed to behave themselves. On his voyage home he had been accustomed to cele- brate divine service on board ship, and there could not be a more orderly, or attentive congregation than the sailors were. He felt also deeply for the inhabitants of the colony. There were some districts where the people were much in need of religious instruction, and we should all unite in doing the best we could to aid them. The resolution was then put and passed. Tho Kev. JOHN GOAHAV moved tho second résolu tion, which was to tho following effect:--." That th! meeting, believing that tho British and Foreign Bibi Society is the chief provider for the world's need of th book of God, acknowledges that it is a paramount dut' to tocognise its claims to n, cordial and liberal support' He supposed that nono of tho gentlemon whi had charge of tho resolutions had corni prepared to speak, for when they saw tba hero were eight sneakers names printed betides hil Excellency's, and when wo saw tho blessed rain whicr. was falling in such abundance, and thought it woulc keep tho people away from, the meeting, there wen none of them, ho supposed, -who had prepared Bpeechbi to make, thinking that thoy would have no audience U make them to., Well, they would havo just ii littli talk, which, perhaps, waa sometimes better than a se' speech, if they just said whatever came up first, warracc by prosont objects snd fresh from tho heart He bat often wondered bow it was that so good an object ai tho present one attracted so few peoplo together. I was, perhaps, because the benefits conferred by Bibil Societies were too universal-too catholic-BO much th« buBinoss of everybody that almost nobody took a parti «ular interest ia thom, but loft others to ao tho genera! work. Now, this should not be the case. Looking at the list of subscribers which Mr. Hassall had alluded to he found that Governor Macquarie had given fifteen guineas to the society, that the president had given five guineas, and so on, through a long list of dignitaries. He thought this oxamplo ought to have more imitators at tho presont day. Thc great men of tho community should not loavo all tho work .to tho little peoplo. He hoped that as the socioty had como in at tho door of aflluonco hore, it would not bo thrown entiroly on thc shoulders of tho poorer peoplo, but that tho prominont men of the colony would support it, and that their names would appear for subscriptions in accordance with their means. With that aid thoy would aeon have a Bible Hall of their own built hore, Ho would observo that Dr. Tucker had not only tho art of work- ing but of getting others to work, and that ho had got togothor a groat number of talontcd gentlomon to lend their aid on tho present occasion. Ho rolated tho success of his (Mr. Graham's) looturcs in Queensland, and he suggested that Dr. Tucker should bo requested to deliver a lecture in aid of tho socioty hore. Ho suggested OIBO tbat.Bomc additions Bhould bo made to tho report, in the shape of extracts from tho last report of tho parent soçioty in England, in order that people might bo further mada awaro of tho groat good which was wrought by tho Biblo Socioty. By Sassing tho resolution ho proposed, the meeting would eolaro that tho world needed tho Book of God. Thoy would be perfeotly corroot in doing that. WOB it truo that G od was tho author of that book? If it woro so, tho book must ba meant for tho world, and tho world ncodod it. One thin ti ( that tho study of tho physical sciences disclosed was this, that.in all tho operations of nature thora was neither redundancy nor defect ; but that tho wiso Creator, in all his works, always gathered up the fragments that nothing should bo lost Look into tho structure of man. There was a timo whon bia organisation was perfectly unknown ; but, as science advanced, it was found that everything in tho human system was adopted to produce a given offed, and that nothing was wastod, As mon bad mado discoveries in tho solar system, it had como out that tho "Heavons declaro tho glory of God, and tho firma- ment showoth His handiwork."' If, then, tho Author of Nature, woro tho Author of tho Biblo, it followed that that book could not bo superfluous, but must bo of vital importance to tho wants ned woll-boing of mon. Some mon wondered that God should give a book to mon, or that He should bo tho author of it, and some wondored that ho should Bpcak to his people. Was Ho not tho Father of nil flesh, and should Ho bo tho only mute parent in tho creation ? Should God give to a parent tho poworof speaking to his offspring, and should Ho himself bo a doaf mute in His own' creation, and never utter His voice? If it were not so why should ho not only speak but write books for his peo Íilo ? Should ho not suppoBO that God would uso tho ?¡ghost medium that Ho had created to impart thought, and bo tho author of a book ? Ho found that holy mon spnko ns thoy wore mot od by God's word, and that thoy woro BO moved that peoplo " through faith and comfort in tho Scriptures might have hopo ' Some Imon said that it was bettor to trust thc teaching of nature. But look at thoao who had boen loft to tho toaohing of nature. Look nt Egypt riBing as high as hor pyramids in physical soionco and einhiiig into tho lowest depths of ehnnio. Look nt Greece, and Borne .nea rising to tho'em'pirofot: tho'-worldf at China witbv all ita conservatism ; at the ulanda of tho South Sea, . oinking into eannib^liara._ iKwk . at what_ peoplo and nations hcoaino when loft to tho. teachings of nature. Thrro wore things incomprehensible in nature until interpreted by Cod's truth. But some, people said it was a dangerous thing to give this book into tho hands of tho unlearned. Ho hold, that tho Bibi« tho wholo Biblo and nothing but tho Bible, -was th» only thing that would lift- mon out of igooranco ahdr sin. People told us that it was written in tho book itself that it was dangerous to diffusa it. Tho Apostla1 Pc'cr Bays of tho Epistles of Paul, "As our beloved brother Paul, according to tho wisdom given unto him, hath writton unto you in his opistles, in which there are somo things bard to bo understood, which they thai aro unlearned wrest to their own destructfon.1' Wall, was it not a hard thing to understand magnetism and polarity, 'and other liko matters, but thoy were con* I quered at last. Wo should not. rovcronco tho Biblo as wo do if it were as plain as A.B.C. If it wore not a ' river in which olepbants might swim, and yet which a child might ford ; it it. wcro not a treo that touched tho angola wings, but yeV swept tho earth with its branches so that Sunday scholars might gather its fiui ; tho book would not otherwise bo tho trco of lifo-tito fountain of know- ledge as it was, ' It was too late in tho night to ço on answering objections and stating general -trinciples. Tito world needed tho Book of, God. JCvery gener- ation that came into tho world-and thoy changed at lesBt every thirty years-carno in ignorant and needed tho Book of God. Its effects wert> to dovelopo tho highest powers of man. Ho had no doubt that many of thoso who heard him had beca , struck by tho eloquent words of Deon Stanloy in tho funeral sermon preached by him over Lord Palmer i stan's body. - Ho said, " Wo hnvo to reconcile tho elä with tho now ; things secular with thing3 sacred ;.. claes with class ; man with mon ; church with church r. ' nation with nation ; nnd all with God.'.'. How could that work bo effeoted without tho Biblo?.. What wa» it that reconciled tho past with tho present? WOB it : not that book ? Werb you to reconcile man with I man? it was by studying the precepts of tho Son of Man nnd the Son of God. Were you to rcconcilo class with class J. wore you to brush away tho scowl of contempt from tho brow of tho upper classes, and wero you to take away tho savage vulgarity and scowl of pride from the brow and heart of ' tho lower classes-it was by diffusing tho spirit of that book which said " Glory to God in tho Highest on earth, peaco, good will to men." Wero you *.o> rcconcilo church to church, it must bo by bringing them in harmony with tho Spirit of Him who saw good in a Samaritan. Could tho world do without bread? As well could it do without the Biblo-tho - bread from Jleavon. Could tho world do without the - Bun? No moro could it do without this Son of Righteousness, tho comfort of tho world. Could the world do without rivers, and springs, nnd showers? Then only could it do without that book, whioh was a» thc gentío rain, whioh fell from Heaven, that was aa a> river of licht, that was to tho thirsty soul as a springo of running water frosh from tho throne of God and tho Lamb. Ho had no fear for tho. Biblo. Let infidel critics gnash their tooth at it in vain-r thoy could do it no harm. He thought tho good done by tho Bible Socioty was vory great indeed, out ho bo liov.od that still moro good might bo done if every man . kept a small depositary of his own, and WOB always able to givo a Biblo to thoeo who needed one.; Lot each ? ono do his utmost to help on tho 6ocioty to get mora - subscribers, and aid as much as possible in tho dissemi- nation of tho Word of God. ALEXANDER GOSDON, Esq., briefly seconded tho resolution, which was put and carried unanimously. Tho Hov. J. H. FLETCHER moved tho third resolution as follows-"That this mooting acknowledges the cssontial service rendered by thc officers, committee, and . collectors, of tho .various branches and associations of thiB Auxiliary, and also by tho parent society's agent, and that tho following gontlomon bo tho officers and committee of this auxiliary for tho ensuing year : Treasurer, Ot. W. Allon, Esq.; auditors, H. Prince, Esq., and E. W.- Cameron, Esq. ; secretaries, Itev. Edward Bogers and George 1'. Wise, Esq. ; committee, . Messrs..J. S. Adara, Hon. J. Coinpboll, J. Caldwell, . E W. Camoron, Dr. Charles, Dr. James Douglass, Edward Hunt, Hobart Iredale, D Jones, Edward Knox Hon. J. Mitoholi, M. E. Murnin, Dr. Mofttt, J- Richi nrdEon, Professor Smith, William Spoor, Joseph, Thompson, and James Vickery." Dr. Cir ABLES briefly seconded the resolution, which was put and carried. .VG. W. AXLES, Esq., moved a vote of thanks to hie Excollcnoy tho Governor for presiding, and also to tho Hon. J. Campbell for taking the chair on his Excel- lency's retirement. Th« votes wore passed by acclamation; and tho benediction having hoon pronounced, the mooting terminated. ' A collection was mado at tho door, and tho receipts wero considerable. 