CONTINENTAL EUROPE. THE PRUSSIAN CAPITAL. (From the Special Commissioner of the Daily ' Telegraph.) MENTIONED, some weeks since, as a drawback to the perfection of glorious old Antwerp, that it had no main street. From such a deficiency Berlin does not suffer. Not only is its main thoroughfare one of the most grandiose in Europe, but critics have gone so far as to declare that Berlin, like Brompton, Rochester, Chatham, and Strood, is all one main street that the main street in question is Unter den Linden and that Unter den Linden is the only street worth the attention of a stranger in Berlin. The tourist who visits Paris for the first time is usually advised to take his stand by the Luxor Obelisk in the Place de la Concorde, whence, turning his head to the various points of the compass, but without displace event of his body, he may take in the coup d'oeil of the Tuileries with its gardens, the Rue de Rivoli with its arcades, the Rue Royale with the Madeleine, the Champs Elysees with the Arc de l'Etoile, and the Pont de la Concorde with the Palace of the Legislative Body. The designers who laid out these marvellous vistas have been able to set up one point of departure from which the whole scene can be surveyed, as the Third Napoleon surveyed the fight at Magenta from that balcony in the village of Ponte Nuovo. There is scarcely such a point de mire in Berlin ; but by taking up a position, first at one point and then at another, the chief features of the town may be seen. Stand on the Schloss-briieke-the Castle Bridge-and you will behold half the architectural glories of which Berlin can boast ; the Old Palace, the Museum, the Lustgarten, the Royal Library, and the Cathedral. Then go to the base of Frederick's statue in the Linden, and in the Opera House, the Monbijou Palace and that of the Prince of Prussia, the University, the great guard- house, and the arsenal, with the shady arcades of the Linden and the Brandenburg Gate in the distance you will behold the " remaining moiety of the buildings of which Berlin is proud. Of the remaining seven-eighths of the Prussian capital it may be written, as of too many huge human beehives in England Streets and houses, houses and streets, and nothing more. As for that Schloss, that old palace, it is very sumptuously furnished within, and its Weisse Seal, in which the legislative session is usually opened by the Sovereign in person this year his Majesty will not be present, and the speech from the throne will be read to the refractory deputies by M. de Bismarck : which may remind the lover of parallels of a vestry presided over by a beadle may be as magnificent as the " glorious gallery " in that other White- hall which we moderns were not permitted to see, as it was burnt down in the time of William III But the exterior of the Schloss, grand as it is, surpasses in gloom the face of the British Museum, which is saying a good deal abating only those hideous glazed sheds, crammed with antiquarian lumber, which, to the scandal of the English nation, are yet permitted to disfigure the portico in Bloomsbury. The old Schloss is haunted, they say, by a phantom known as the " White Lady ; " but she has not succeeded in imparting any reflex of her line to the palace she favors with her presence. Its walls would be decidedly the better for blanching, and the great cupola is as black and nearly as big as St. Paul's. It is of noble proportions, however, and no Borussiau Branch of the egregious London, Chatham, and Dover Railway has been permitted to hide it from the gaze of the Berlinese. And, finally, the inside of this old Schloss is worth a visit, not only for its reputed ghost and its grand decorations which are in the usual style of Loyal upholstery-but for the sake of that consummately beautiful picture by Lessing, the " Lenore," out of Burger's ballad. What an epic of love and terror, devotion and despair, is there in this pic- ture what fearful faith in Lenore's eyes ; what dreadful hopeless vacancy in those of the phantom trooper ! " The dead ride fast "-the very steed in this picture is the Pale Horse of Scripture, with the saddle and bridle of a Prussian dragoon. It would throw, I am afraid, our Lord Chamberlain into fits, and cause the Board of Green Cloth to turn black in the face, to be told that there is a public right of way through the outer and inner courts of the Royal Palace at Berlin, and that a constant stream of foot passengers passes from the Lustgarten to the Schloss Platz all day long. This is not the first time that I have had to touch on the odd mixture of familiarity with reverence for rank to be found on the Continent. The state of things existing, or lately existent, in Scot- land-where a collar was often hail fellow well met with an earl, but where, nevertheless, a gulf deep as Acheron yawned between the two-and the footing which Burns was on with his noble patrons, is the most forcible illustration of this I can call to mind ; the poet was sent reeling from the tables of the great to take up the gauger's inkhorn-this state of things often finds a close parallel enough in the terms which Continentalmonarcbs areas with their subjects. There is no derogation of dignity here if a field-marshal in full uniform pulls up his horse before a sentry-box, and seeing the sentinel to be manifestly afflicted with a cold in his head, asks him why he is not on the sick list. A prince of the blood suffers no loss of dignity by walking about the Linden arm-in-arm with an aide-de-camp, and entering a cigar shop to fill his case. At the Hague, the other day, I saw the Prince of Orange, heir apparent to the crown of the Netherlands, buying cartes de visite. in a stationer's shop. "Why shouldn't he Why shouldn't royal folk walk about the streets if they like ? Their feet are not " golden lilies, " like those of the Chinese ladies. Unfortunately, when- ever royalty does makes its appearance in England, we are apt to mob it, to tread upon its heels, to stare in its face, and generally to drive it, tired and disgusted, home to its palace again. What metamorphosis of snobbery has come over a free people, I wonder, since Charles E. walked among his subjects in St. James's Park, to feed the ducks in Rosamond's Pond ? There is certainly one little inconvenience attendant upon this unceremonious mingling of Royalty with the meaner sort. You are expected to raise your hat every time you pass Royalty in a plain frock coat, walking arm-in-arm with its aide-de-camp. There being usually one favorite promenade in all Continental cities, you run the risk of meeting Royalty rather too frequently for your personal comfort. I remember, for example, that at Turin, last summer, the Royal Princes were in the habit of driving every afternoon tea or twelve times round the Piazza d'Armi, and you, in a modest figure at two francs an hour, were bound to salute Royalty at least twenty-four times. Nor, if you were a pedestrian, were you better off, for the Royal Princes often took it into their heads to alight from their carriages and walk and you had hard work to avoid running up against Royalty at innumerable corners The same perils menace you in Germany. Re- move your head covering you must. A hundred watchful eyes are upon you ; nay, were you to omit the customary salutations the sovereign himself might take notice of the affront, and an official personage subsequently wait on you for explanations at your hotel. His Majesty of Mecklenburg, you will remember, is scrupulously particular in the way of bows and re- verence and it is related that King Louis of Bavaria not the Tannhattser King, but the Lola Montez one-did once most forcibly admonish an inattentive Englishman who passed him on the promenade, by knocking off, with his own Royal hands, the hat which the churlish Briton had neglected to remove. They used to be exceedingly particular even to a disagreeable degree of pedantry-on this head in Prussia; and, on the occasion of my first visit to Berlin, I once had a few words with a punctilious police officer at the Opera House, who insisted that I had no right to put on my hat, even when the performances had come to an end, until I had reached the outer lobby. He pointed to the Royal box, and shouted " Der Konig !" meaning, I suppose, that by covering myself in the presence of an empty private box for the poor king was away at Charlottenburg sick and imbecile-I was offering an insult to the House of Hohenzollern. We did not fight; principally, perhaps, because I didn't understand any of the German he bellowed forth, and he didn't understand any of the Anglo-Saxon elegancies which I showered on his highly - ornamented helmet. This was in Herr von Hiuckeldey's time, I think the police despot who was at last snuffed out in a duel-and the Berlin police used to give peaceable travellers an immensity of trouble. There was always a man in a helmet dogging your footsteps, and asking impertinent questions. Of these there were as many in the hotel police ledger as in a proposal for life insurance. "What are you doing ?" " Where are you going areas if any man knew where he was going. " What are your means ?" " How do you justify yourself!"-which last query a Scotch traveller might have held to be a direct provocation to a controversy as to Faith versus Works. It is a very hopeful sign of the times that this impertinent meddling with other people's business is no part of the present administrative system of Prussia. Of the intentional rudeness said to have been offered by Prussian innkeepers and officials to English travellers during the Schleswig Holstein war", I have no means of judging ; but at present any inimical feeling, if ever it existed, seems to have altogether died away. I don't like the Germans, their country, or their ways, or anything which is theirs ; but it would be highly unjust to withhold a tribute of acknowledgment for the eager civility they display in their bearing towards English- men. By this is not meant meet inn civility ; the courtesy you receive at the hotels is purchaseable, is in proportion to the wine you order, and is charged for pretty stiffly in the Rechnung; but polite- ness from persons who cannot make anything by being polite railway clerks, Post Office employs, police agents, and the like. Their great delight is, when they can speak a little English, to be able to put it in conversation with an Englishman. Very lately a friend in London sent me a copy of Punch, in one page of which he had very imprudently scribbled a facetious reference to the subject of the chief cartoon. Now this is defrauding the revenue, all the world over. The authorities had taken the band off Punch, not, I am inclined to think, with a view of finding out whether there was anything uncomplimentary to his Majesty William in the contents, but rather in the hope of discovering something funnier in its pages than ordinarily embellishes those of the Kladderadatsch. My friend's imprudent scrawl was " spotted." Ten years ago there would have been a tremendous fuss made over this violation of the postal code. The paper would have been confiscated and the pains and penalties threatened against the perpetrator and accessories both before and after the fact. But they manage these things differently in Prussia now-a-days The clerk at the Poste Restante, who looked by the way as though he had been laughing heartily over Punch, spoke a little English ; told me it was a " Yer bad thing to do," but that this time the authorities would allow the matter to pass. And he gave me my Punch. We have heard so much about the evil relations which exist between the Sovereign of Prussia and his subjects that I expected, when I came to Berlin, to find William I. shrouded in impenetrable seclusion, or venturing abroad only in a carriage with sheet iron panels, driven at a rapid rate, and closely surrounded by cuirassiers with their swords drawn. There is nothing of this kind to be seen. His Majesty's son and daughter-in-law live in a much finer house, and keep up far more state than he himself does. I saw the eldest daughter of England, and future Queen of Prussia, in deep mourning for the King of the Belgians, but looking still very bright and comely, taking an airing on the Linden in a carriage and four splendidly appointed, and preceded by outsiders. But the next afternoon I saw leisurely driving from the Brandenburg gate a little, low, plain, open phaeton, drawn by two plump black ponies. There was no escort, there were no outriders, equerries, or flunkies even, beyond on the box, beside the coach- man, a chasseur with a cocked hat and feather. No Minister Resident from a minor principality could have taken the air in plainer trim. Reclining in the phaeton, his martial cloak and it was more than a middle-aged cloak around him, and the usual spiky helmet on his head, was a, frank, bluff-looking old gentleman, with grey whiskers and moustaches, for all the world, minus the helmet, like one of those old gentlemen you may see, about 5 o'clock on a fine afternoon in the season, toddling from the Athenaeum, to the Senior United. But this was not Sir Thomas de Boots, or Sir George Tufts. It was William I., Rex Borussorum. A very noble, honest, kind old man he looks, and such he is said, even by the opponents of his minister's policy to be. Behind the age, very likely ; but was not Colonel Thomas Newcombe behind the age ; wasn't Sir Robert Inglis ; isn't more than one honest and simple and generous Tory nobleman in our favored country behind the age ? Sydney Smith used to say that he was no more ashamed of having been a Radical than of having had the chicken pox. There are some natures that can no more help being Conservative in their old age than they can help preferring port to claret. 