MELBOURNE. /i-oniT OUB OWrN COBKESPONDENT.j . i/,., tat ion, consisting of Messrs M. Morris, n T G. Gould, W. G. Sprigg, J. G. ?frC directors, and T. C. Prebble, legal Johnston, jsr()rtiieru Beehive Company, fiS waited upon the Minister of Mines to- Alaldon, , _f .:m thri following case. The J nVnv had been engaged m mining operations miner's rights for some time, and had ex- \- Td a sum of £3,000 ; they had applied for F i I which had been recommended by the a and all the residents on the ground had verba Iy assented to the grant. The Company jZnd that such consent must be given m Jw- most of the residents had given such 1 pit but four of them, holding under miner's j St 'refused to sign, and consequently such ninv beinw a sine qua non of the lease, the Spauy was in danger of having its ground | Id after having spent so xnucL upon it C deputation represented that a sort of black Li! was sought to be imposed by these malcon- cnts for signing, although their holding and ' /face rights would remain intact and uninter- Ld with by the- company's operations. The Commissioner promised to make inquiry as to Ii,e character of the buildings occupied by the Uti-s- refusing to sign, as to whether they were ijkeiv to be injured in any way -by the company's works in tllQ weautime to grant every rea- sonable protection to the company in holding the usually quiet .suburb of Richmond has teen in a state of turmoil during the day, con sequent uuon the election of a member for the Legislative Assembly, vico Mr 'Wardrop, ab sconded. Throughout the day I believe the general impression was that Mr Coppin would be the successful candidate, and his supporters were somewhat disappointed on learning that ' the total number of votes to each' man stood thus :-Kyte, 911; Coppin, 754 ; majority for fyte, 157: After the declaration of the poll, Mr Ijte was called upon for a speech, but did not appear, and the electors then dispersed in a very, orderly manner. The Supreme Court to-day renewed its sit ting in its matrimonial jurisdiction. A decree of Fefj-ation was granted in the case of Bailey v Baiiey, heard yesterday. J udgment . was fur ther reserved in Trestrail v Tres trail. On the replication of Mrs Salter for a judicial separa tion from her husband, it was shown that tho nsn Bailey had been guilty of adultery with, End eventually married, one Margaret Lloyd,, end had been subsequently convicted on a charge ef bigamy. The bench held that the latter I c&nco; being proved, it was sufficient in itself without the adultery charged to procure a de- 1 tree, which was granted by the Court. In A'owell v No well, au application was made to allow- the ease to stand over till next session. "G The entries for the Melbourne Hunt Club Sieeple Chase are published to-day, and, as far si I can learn, they give great satisfaction. There is a g od field of entries for each race, I End if the handicappers do their work well, there will be some fine sport at Flemington on the 6th of October. The subscription room at the Albion Hotel, was not over full last night, stid there was really very little business doing. For the cup the top favorite is decidedly the Barb, the little Sydney colt that astonished tho snowing ones the other day by licking Fish hook. and he was backed at 100 to 8, but little we was done. For the Champion, Yolunteer jusitill the call, and 3 to 1 may be said to be ms priee ; given and taken. The slackness in 'a£ betting is, after all, not to be wondered at. A lot of money was put on Yattendon, both for tieUpand Champion, and I believe that Yat- enoon was very freely booked as a double oust bet. Now Yattenden is scratched, hav- gone lame. The Government have appointed a commis- H. consisting of Capt. Ferguson, .the chief ffibour master, Capt. Freer,, and Capt. l D' eiam'ne iuto the whole question : . ; I the maintenance of the Naval Training Ship. Remembers of the Ministry are of opinion 18 reformatory, though rendered so effi- '! I-:L u-r t!lc lsciphme and management of . is altogether too costly for the /j/ obtained, and grave doubts are- enter- fpmm'0 sdvisability of keeping it up. The r--'t n'5/0 Ders be instiucted to re- 1 its jf / Present cost and the practicability of aj." .well as upon the necessity or JuLnf IF baT)DR Slch a method of training 1 ErU "B juvenile waifs and orphans who are ' i irc euPou the community. Dn< Gutters have on exhibit a ikrtV 6' 'oz f good rough gold, from 8 or From the claim of the Lady S5tfiD«'i lon Company, Taradale. It is ciewp»i-,le . Prouce f 1A machines of dirt, or five £oen. mi? 5F- emmell M'Caul and Co. report s d m a' le Melbourne and Hob- Tsbr r T' ex Baden, 358 cases Hen- 7 TerJ much damaged by sea water 0 's per case, net cash, in bond. ' = L gallant Captain Le Suis, ' i cblu'go of Deniliquin, as a f-iiinpn' or '0Urteen days, abdicated his func- t!'!>i$iWfeUence oF the want of appreciation L ®G5SreJS the part of the householders. Sti'st/th11 tolas per week, and as ho as- \- hisfftr a,V a ghost one night, ho re- 7 Mid/-00' contendii)g that 15s per week ,iClent t fight the spirits of the other i in this. He then offered i - Stated f uUe ®enfi'fiuin Police, aud was i i;e shniiU0 j honorable office of informer ; 'Gkeutir his swag, and was off' to piok | SiS iS first st«fiewast0 tIie12- I!?Wd I," anganella road, where ho re- "i!som'S ail£t at- another place near :5ble 0f «e r,andJ- . After having done the ?-ed lb" j- !mentiug the mother, and liav- in 6 j ' be managed to secure a glass G'Jsheca ater bttie, the spirit to be /fesenGrl -n -lc road- Ue then left, as e L5 5otne q ' tor anganella,aua after having \ /'End Tstnnc© he turned into the 0% pn Wards Deniliquin, in fact was ' : C;!(ileviden£'ra'u'anPl himself on liis having :? a''-er ,pniCef,en,ouSh for a sly grog conviction, a i_ man the house came in t mtbnmed the latter ; v"5' so tbo on the road to Denili- loon air Was " blown." Saddling his contain Ferto?b Le Suis, and secured the P' . bnPn Ee Suis says by ©Hrc'P of (), me other says he merely asked Tli 6 nobhler, which Le Suis gave ' the rW S sly gro sellin was dis" . ; ;<Usrat the p endailt was bound over to :iM?ese&t; oF Quarter Sessions. For ' 05Verer» TeU's countryman is 