OCEAN TELEGRAPHS." "~~j AFTER the Sisters of the Atlantic Telegraph, it is it possible for doubt that in a very few years iVe whole wealth wire enveloped in a wmplcte'iietwork, of telegraphic wires. It is, astonishing even now to see upon the stamp how if, we are the links remaining to be completed in order to bring this great work to a, close, riotously is in Europe satisfactorily supplied with telegraphic communication, but India has a system which would be tolerably sufficient if it were but kept in better working order. The connection between 'England and India is maintained in a fitful manner by several partially distinct lines, none of which, however, are not all in a satisfactory state. TUihsia has carried her wires as far as Irkutsk and is engaged in extending them to the shores of the Pacific, at Nicolneffsk. From thence it will be practicable to reach Pekin, n point which may be attained with still greater ease by an extension of our tralian system from Rangoon, through Singapore, to China.. Australia, already furnished with a working coast line, may with almost equal facility be connected with Singapore and when these undertakings shall have been completed, which ought not to be the work of more than a few years, the telegraphic engineer will have no more worlds to conquer. Considering how recent a thing the electric telegraph is in any shape, and how very short a time has elapsed since the difficulties of ocean telegraphy have been reduced to moderate proportions, the progress already made is the surest guarantee of still more rapid advances in the next few years. The time has come when not only the work to be done can be fairly estimated, but some sound conclusions may be drawn as to the easiest mode of bringing it to coin- J pletion. The two great tasks which full to the lot of England are to improve the efficiency of the service between England and India, and to extend it, by way of Singapore, both to China and Australia. The report of the committee which recently inquired into these matters states fairly enough the existing ditto. I suites of the Indian telegraph, and the policy by which they may best be surmounted, It is only over a comparatively short section that the Indian communication is dependent on a single wire. from Kurrachee to Bunder Abba?, and thence to Bushire on the Persian Gulf, the only connection is by a submarine cable, which, however, being under English management, has done its work far more efficiently than the remainder of the line. At Bushire the line folks to Teheran and Tiflis on the East, and to Bagdad and Diarbekr on the West. The former of these lines connects itself with the European system through Russia, the latter through Turkey, and both have been vised to a considerable extent as alternative and competing routes. A third line branches off at Diarbekr, and passes through Syria to Alexandria, where it connects with the Malta and Alexandria line, and so come places the communication with England without using the lines through European Turkey. With so many alternative routes it might have been expected that something like an efficient service would li have been maintained. Perhaps it is not altogether surprising that the expectation should not have been fully realised. To get to Constantinople, a message may have to be manipulated by French, Belgian, and Dutch administrators, by Prussian, Austrian, and divers other German officials and worst of all, by Italian, Servian, and Wnlhichinii agents. A terrible possibility of errors and delays is thus opened out, but all this might he put into order if it were not for the insuperable obstacles presented by the Turkish route. The convention on the subject between the Porte and England was stringent enough, but, like most other Ottoman arrangements, it will not work. One English inspector vines that messages from Kurrachee to Foo, at the head of the Persian Gulf, where the superintendent" of English officers ceases, travel with reasonable expedition ; but it is all useless, because the next stage is worked by the Turks themselves. "The Bagdad men report seventy or eighty messages on hand, send twelve or fifteen, and then smoke hookah, or say their prayers for two or three hours, during which time F no heirs nothing of them." Another officer reports that the Turkish failure is becoming chronic, and that no good will be done until the management is placed in English hands. The result is that the average communications with India occupy more than a week, while in some instances the Peninsular and Oriental steamers cards)' letters faster than the telegrams which preceded them have travelled by; electricity. It is a wonderful proof of the extreme importance of the telegraph that, in spite of all this mis- management in the Turkish section, and of scarcely less in the local Indian lines, almost all the business with India is even now conducted by telegraph, and that at an enormous expense. It is possible that some of the competing lines may eventually supply or correct the defects of the Bagdad section, but at present the efficiency of the Russian system is neutralised by the sluggishness and incapacity of the Persian officials who have to complete the transmission to Bushire ; while the Malta and Alexandria cable is of little service, because it is severed from the main line by the short and purely Turkish wire to Diarbekr, which to the ordinary defects of management adds defects of construction peculiar to itself. The committee have emphatically declared their opinion that the Indian on the ought not to he dependent on a single line, and that the competition of a new line is the most hopeful mode of putting a little life and intelligence in the place of Turkish and Persian apathy. Two projects have been suggested, both of which are referred to by the committee with approval. One of these is to lay a second submarine cable, or a duplicate land line from Kurrachee to Bender Abbas, and thence to Ispahan, so as to improve the connections with the Russian line, and avoid all the annoyance which Turkish incapacity has caused. This would be very valuable if the new Persian lines were placed under English control (as indeed is proposed) ; But. without that privilege the exchange from Turkey to Persia might prove of doubtful advantage. The other plan is to carry a line from the terminus of the Malta and Alexandria system at Suez, along Egypt, to a point in the Red Sea whence the coal munication would be by a new submarine cable to Aden and Kurrachee. This would entirely dispense with the assistance of Turkey and Persia, and the . Egyptian Government is liberal enough to give the utmost facilities for European management. Objec- tions on the score of cost may be raised, although those founded on the. supposed risks to submarine cables may perhaps now be considered as set at rest. If it were necessary to choose between the two projects it might be difficult to select, but there is no reason whatever why the doubling of the Persian line, and the construction of the Egyptian and Red Sea alternative line, should not go on side by side. There is Rock enough for both to do at remunerative prices, had the sooner it is commenced the better for every u concerned with Indian business. The committee ' nally urge the importance of continuing the Indian jul 22 from their present extreme point in the near! hourhood of Rangoon Along the Malay peninsula to Singapore, and thence to China on the one line! stings Australia on the other. This enterprise is known 10 ^e Peculiarly free from engineering differ known style wj1Qi0 distance to the various ports of rr n may be completed without a single stretch of trains n. I and though the Atlantic has been every sea is a telegraphic engineer is blind to the conquered a cable ^.'IÍC^ can be repaired at any point economy of double or expense. The branch from wind nine 9 Australia is not quite so favourably Singapore to 3 The ius>86g0 thrOUgh the, Straits would circumstance, of of strength to meet the risk of require a cable but our experience of the injury From n v enables us to ascertain precisely the English Channel. d ho cost of saving them. requisite condition * land b the ss telegraph One link is already a & jU. hund> fl mail of a bf £2 through Ja a new and Essington ." known depth be w. h difficulties which will Austin, in completes d AU h rest of I have to he Burma . than 9 construction of work will be on MCI I got in . ^ any . ocean telegraph ^ ^ so and it he Atlantic Ocean . h UlVmost formidable the mettle of our engine, Seas dangers, the configuration, is almost the the track to Australia and telegraphic enterprise, best that could be desired It defy, b l d bran Strangely enough, the more " 59s b . enterprise has been first Buccet J - cannot be long before the easier by useful, undertaking will be in , j 2 Hi happy conclusion. Australia lim, . official in the matter. which has she not responded to by England, but it Elphie extension taken, a new era has "j?T«*T sexy American ex- since the depressing lad uses of the weeegg which positions have been atoned for by for ^.¡¡aturdav has fulfilled the most sanguine hope. of rail Jicvictc. A KBW IssTttifMENT ron SUHCUTANBOUSIN ^Xmv^of ' -M. Bouilhrd lately presented to the Ac. "" * ". Medicine of Paris an invention of M. Dane's ' . '' ing of a hollow needle adapted to a metallic , . ending in a small cup covered with an indian y membrane. By slight pressure upon the latter - fluid is injected into the areolar tissue, and a shop 'j, mechanism within the cup allows of the counting of. the drops injected. Another and simpler needle on the same principle may be used for vaccination. A "IUII-JÍRKH'S LAST C_"J*CT.-Somo portions may now move that in December, FRGS; the crashing of an ' bunk at Malden, Massachusetts, left the establishment for a short time in the middle of the day in charge of his son, Frank Converge, a young man of AB von leon, and on returning found the youth shot dead, and the bank robbed of about 5000 dollars. After some time Suspicion fell upon Green, the pevitnuiRtcrof the town, and on being arrested be at once confessed his guilt. He was arraigned before the Supreme Judicial Court put Lovell, charged with murder, on mi indictment in common form, which implies murder in the first degree, pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to death. He was to have been hanged in January, Belli, but a novel difficulty arose. Governor Andrews refused to sign the warrant for the execution, on the ground that, by the law of Massachusetts, murder in the second degree is not punishable with death, and the statute enacts that " the degree of murder shall be found by the jury.'' True, the prisoner pleaded guilty to a charge of murder in the first degree ; but the Governor declined to execute a man upon be our opinion of the crime which he had committed. Under a clause in the Constitution, the Governor and. Council demanded the opinion of the full Court, Their opinion was, that the sentence was regular ¡ but Governor Andrew stood stoutly by his own opinion, and the result was that the convict lay in gaol waiting for execution. His time has at length come ; Governor Andrew's term of office having expired, Governor Bullock has been elected his successor, and one of his first acts was to fix the 15th of April for the execution. The ex-governor, however, still holding to his opinion, assisted the prisoner to obtain a writ of error, which was argued before the full bench of the Supreme Court, in Boston, on the 27th of March. The judgment of the Court, delivered by Chief Justice Biggins on the 2nd of April, was, that the statute did not intend that the degree of murder should be found by a jury where the prisoner pleads guilty, and that this prisoner was well convicted on his own plea and confession. So this singular last chance failed. FARMING IN THE ISLANDS OF J BUSHBY AND GRAIN SKY Between England and France are two small islands Jersey' and Guernsey-. The former contains a population of 800 and the latter 600 to the square mile, while Great Britain has only 280 and Belgium 440\. In Jersey there is one inhabited house to twelve years, and yet, without factories or mines, their exports and imports are very large. The people are accumulating money, and there are no poor. One item of their imports in insignificant. They imported last year nearly 400,000 pounds of ten, or nearly eight pounds to each person. The quantity of stock kept on these small farms is improving. No sheep are kept. The cows are coiled i and while the soil is too sandy for clover, the lucerne is grown instead ; they get two pounds of butter from them per day. On a farm of eight acres there will be about five cows, three heifers, one horse, and three pigs. These farms are generally owned by the farmer, but when rented they- fetch enormous prices, ranging from six dollars to twenty-five dollars in gold per year per acre. No manures are imported, but seaweed is extensively used for in and trial purposes. The climate is extremely mile!, front never continuing for any great length of time, nor does snow remain for any considerable period. For a thousand years the law has prevailed by which the land of the parent has been divided among the children. This accounts for the extreme smallness of the farms, and the perfect village to which they are subjected, and the great profit which they .vicíd.-Ad. li. Utica Herald. line TiuriK IN BAXXIMJ-Mr "Wells Brown, an escaped slave, who was sent from America to Paris as a delegate at the Peace Convention of 1914 I, was three years in Europe, and published an account of his travels in a book scarcely known in England An extract life rates the facilities for banking in America Chi creek by a cap nut and left mont j lets at Monroe, in 1835, Mr Brown w ii refused employment by a barber and set up in opposition t > linn Act off on the advice of f i of by -vii s customers he " ship-masters tin is set up a Wild Cat Bmh, by circularise his own p state of his atted and d to rated his shot with the only in ' r right in, seen enceda"run, to crest Ititi 01 sun again profits redeemed in tea main what n and w saved his bank and established it on u s mu 1 I is s I h ingenious donees rev read the th Vi stern States h won parallel in Manchooria as issued in a recent report of Mr Meadows British tonsil] n Inrtiry There each count in the til his mi 11 mi 1 leading retail shop can issue notes Die Guild of the st town once regulated the prices current j ' i is given up the attempt to do so, ii d lil h use issue notes at pleasure 11 value of his mt s 'd and a fraction, fifty bring equal to about 5 1 real owner is bound to give in exchange only on til of copper also j ' cash, and the balance in notes of cahir issuing notices, to which the holder must the repair to repeat the process Sir John Bowring recently remarked on this subject that C luna possessed promissory bank notes hundreds of years before the ( bastian era, and before the invention of paper, which wasitaeifo Chinese invention, that nail contributed even more than printing to the diffusion of knowledge Sir John exhibited a Chinese bank note, which he described as being in many respects a beautiful specimen of art and he proceeded to observe that the Chinese applied paper to purposes of which we had no conception The made of it great coats, which were sold for a shilling or eighteen pence, and would protect the wearer from a storm The Chinese 6) stem of freedom in banking had produced unbounded mischief, and he recollected a revolt in Foochow, on casioned by the inability of the local bankers to meet their notes It was remarkable that China had no coin of greater value than the fifth of a farthing, and that corn would purchase a newspaper Freedom in banking had not produced regularity in the case of interest, for it fluctuated from 6 to 45 per cent per annum There were occasions on which money w as not to be had on any conditions w hate ver 'the coinage of dunn was composed principally of tin, and gold was not admitted THE- BLYTHE LESH OP 'W___"NBT_!H A BOTTLE TRICK The Pall Mall Gazette says -there is something very weird and ghost-like about rttmnuctnccs of names and places, not only of the event, but also of the Thirty Years' "War memory, that come cropping upon all sides in this terrible German struggle Few people probably are aware that Nachod, the little Bohemian town with its 3000 inhabitants, about which there was such hot and bloody work for the last few days and even nights, is the birthplace of no less a man than Wallenstein The church belonging to the dinner) of Nachod-which existed as early) as 1884 contains the tombs of the ancient Bohemian family of Smimczski, from with. Wullen steers mother domed her descent, or rather of which she represented the last branch The castle of the "Wallenstein, " Castle Nachod,' is very ancient, and belonged up to the time of the Hussites, to the family of the Barkas of Dobu and Lips After that, robbery knights took possession of it, and after several further changes of proprietorship the "mir/iczki came into it After the battle of the White Mountain (160) Count Keriki, "Wollenstem s brother in law, upper are as lord of the castle, but after the murder of "Wallenstein at Lger (February) 26th, 1691) Octavio Piccoloiiiiinreieivcd the property as a reward for his dastardly trenches) He gave the castle its present sbane, und commemorated this wonderful fact in a boastful inscription inside the gates It stands OH a rock which rises steeply) almost immediately behind the market-place of the little town, and which is reached by a "unit consisting of 333 steps Three courts surrounded the enormous edifice, and around about them are situated the houses of the retinue, the stables, and other out- buildings The Piccoloinuu have long died out-only their portraits have survived Particular!) striking is that of Octavio, with which there is also found a battle niece commemorating his victory over the French at Huonville Hit castle now belongs to Prince Aucrsperg of Prague SURVIVORS OF THE BATTLE OF THE NILE. ---There now remain but four veteran surviving officers to commemorate the 68th anniversary of the ever memorable battle of the Nile, and which, as every Englishman knows, was Nelson's first important conquest, and which conferred on him the barony of "Nelson of the Nile." The following are the names of the survivors, together with their rank then and now:- Admiral Sir James Alexander Gordon, G.C.B., Governor of Greenwich Hospital, was midshipman on board the Goliath, 74 ; Captain John Forbes, on the retired list, was midshipman of the Minotaur. 71 ; Captain John George Phillips was midshipman of the Minotaur, 74 ; Commander Richard Lock Connolly was midshipman of the Theseus, 74. The spores of the equisetacea, or horsetails, are now amongst the most interesting of microscopic objects. If a ripe head of a fertile horsetail is gently shaken over a sheet of white paper, a number of minute green bodies will be seen to fall. These should be transferred to a glass slide, and examined with a magnifying power of fifty or sixty linear, when it will be perceived that each spore is provided with four filaments expanded at the ends. If quite fresh, these filaments will probably be in motion. By breathing upon them, they contract close round the spores and if watched for a few seconds, they will be seen to dart out again vigorously as the measure which induced their contraction evaporates. NAIL-MAKING MACHINE -Mr R . C Robinson has patented a nail-making machine on a new principle. The claims that besides making nails with good points and heads, it turns them out much more quickly than the machines hitherto used, these latest producing of 1 1/8 inch nails 180 per minute, while the new machine makes with ease 380 in the same time. The old machines are fed by hand, requiring a person to each machine, but this is self-feeding, and one person can easily tend two machines. The old machines are fed with a strip of the same width as the length of the nails to be out from it ; thus 1 1/2 unch nails require strips of 1 1/8 inch wide to be fed by hand into the machine, but the new machine, for the same length of nails feeds itself with a snip 6 inches wide, detach- ing, four rinks from the strip at each cut. A New musical instrument of striking power and sweetness, and at the same time extremely simple, has been recently exhibited at Paris, where it called forth great admiration. It resembles a piano with upright springs, except that the latter are replaced, by tuning - forks which, to strengthen the sound, are arranged between two small tube, one above and the other below them the tuning forks are sounded by hammers, and are brought to Silence at the proper turn by means of dampers The sounds thus produced, which resemble those of the harmonium, without being quite so Both, are extremely pure and penetrating They are very persistent, yet instantly arrested by the use of the dampers "Wfchoyo from time to time recorded the names of ladies, in America, who, after affording proofs of their competency, have been admitted to practice as phy- siciiuiB in the United States We have now to notice that at the " St. Mary's Dispensary for 'Women and Children,' in Marylebone, the office of general medical attendant IS exercised by Miss Ehrsiboth Garrett lins lady is the first legally politics female medical practitioner that England has produced She holds the license of the Society of Apolhecnrn s, but the College of Physicians, it is said, has refused to admit Miss Garrett to be examined for the degree of M D At present, however, she occupies a post (for which she has shown herself qua illed) vvhichawomin many very strange) occupy for the benefit of women and children -Athenarwn AMOÍ.sT recent archaeological discovered is that of a Scandinavian heath brewery in Ireland The early Scandinavian settlers in Ireland are known to have brewed H beverage from heath Recently a farmer, living near Dunmanway, resolved to dig out of his ground what he conceived to be an old log or stump which had frequently) impeded his ploughing operations He set a gang of labourers to work, when it was soon discovered that the obstruction consisted of portions of an extensive building, about which there was no tradition or record in the neighbourhood Some well shaped beams and triangles of oak, the old flooring a well preserved niiUstono, a small stick covered with cabalistic figures, and other interesting remains were discovered, and the local antiquarians declare that the entire structure had been an old Danish heath- brewery IT has been decided, observes the Army and Na re/ Gazette, that the article of the Reij al warrant of 3rd February, 1866, granting a step of brevet rank to regimental majors after five years Satisfactory staff every ice, is not applicable to majors retained as super- numeraries in their regiments, such majors being eligible for promotion to the rank of lieutenant colonel by regimental succession, an A by brevet in succession to vacancies on the establishment of general officers Promotion to the brevet rank of lieutenant colonel after five years Satisfactory staff service will, therefore, be confined to regimental majors going from full pay to the half pay list for the purpose of filling any of the appointments mentioned in the article, on 1 I to regimental majors nominated thereto while on me half per list lMIIAJy lllültllLUS IS Alll-DNA-Tho Arthur? In U tin of "an 1 ranK Oüf in Gib captain r, on ilinnuthuri y of the firing of Centre of the 23rd Alias., lines the Chief big -"w o have to chronicle this week a serious Indian di hitherto much 11 died on the road at l a ton L i Paz and Enticott, a el glance beyond skull Villas, swellings and dangerous spot, which resulted in the killing of treat three, of the savage brutal and the ne i loving din h of one man The attack was made upon the tenants of Mr Jno roar, accompanied by others, which fifth in three or four weeks ago for Freiheit the) relief 'skull Y tHey, MP Inn thirty miles of Port scott, in siCit) and on Saturday week if he led on After they had gained some live or s _ miles they were jumped ' by a party of India is to the number probably of 1W, who, however, did not at trick them, but told them (in Spanihi) they were Apache Molmves (' friendly ' Indians), did not want to kill the Americans., or to raise any trouble, but must have the horses an 1 waggons up 1 all that was in them having a difficult hill to ascend, and there being a large crowd of Indians, Kinsman's party (eleven in number-six teamsters, three Mexican soldiers, and Ino on horseback) concluded to turn back from the station, and were permitted to do so unmolested On the dn) Mine of the 1 uri i men came opposite, and made a special to the past), siding that they had been Mint n ya) from on the river by the Superintendent, that the winter, the grass, the crops, and the country) were theirs and the Americans in nt leave here within six days On M a-day morning For a man and his party started again and had pink against two miles, when the Indians, forty or bills in uutnVnr, got in on the read ahead of them, and commenced talking to the, saying they were friend!) Indians, had) been Mint out by the Superintendent, "c The) had no firearms or bows having had their bows and arrows, as one of the Movioiu httoirt perceived, behind a ledge of rocks, they were provided simply with knives As they kept gradually closing in towards the party, with the evident view of surrounding them, some one called out not to let them come to clue, when in mediate!) an Indian rushed at one of the s soldiers, and handled army at him with his ankle, who, throwing his arm up, received a severe cut across his wrist I was And inn was instant!) shot, and the fight commenced, Holding off to India from where they had hid away their bows and arrows, the whole party emptied their weapons into the savage crew, with deadly effect the MIUIHH kept urging the bucks to keep up the fight, telling them there were but a few Americans, and the) oould noon kill them, but finding they could make no bonding), they dealt) with drew leaving 23 of their comrades dead upon the ground and two prisoners in the hands of Freoniin. Unit of the soldiers was accidentally killed! by someone of his own party None of the others were seven wounds 1, axe at the one who received the cut which started the fight "fro the Indians disappeared, they threatened to return confers many days in printer numbers One of the prisoners was an old black, and the other a boy of 12 or 14, the latter was wounded 