Mr. Gladstone- BT IMO 00tr rrua. The projects of the Ubegtjri cause in in gland-Htae issues of those mofaentOus ff» state^sn^ipttaai mllrttenM and magnanimous tnaa auiape be hitherto sees—ate seemingly po bond up i i i-rmii^nr • -n i i i ,i with the politioal future of Mr.' Qladatono, phrase.which, in the upper circles of English society, la 'more damning to the man to twhom it may be applied than any Other jidHfee Whole vocabulary of depredation. It la the phrase ^^htii^adfiratarer'j-^heinodern synoayam of the Latin "NOVCB novo 5 the phrase with which the old Boman patricians sought to blast the career of Cicero; the phrase which, in our own century, has been hurled by English patricians at the greatest statesmen in it-^t Canning, Hnskisaou, Henry Brougham, lUchara Cobden, and William Ewart Gladstone. -The unpardonable offenBe of Mr. Glad' stone ia that h& ueitbcr -ggtjhimself born. nor got himsclf married into any of the tbiity-one great governing families of England. It is true that he is wealthy, that his father was a baronet, that the associations of his life have been oristocratiojyet he istwither a -Cavendiali, nor & Courtney, nor a Stanley, nor a Oecil. lly his genius, by his goodness, by his past repown, by his stupendous popularity, they perceive that lb. Gladstone is to be Eng- 'land's real-monarch-forthe next decade and a half, lhey are wrathful that auother suprema miuistcr has risen from the Tniddle-dassr Uither llr, Gladstone ahould not have been no great a man, or he should not have allowed himself to bo born out of their rat, J -—tllC position to liim is oneeven morelghutro—* the envy Of old comrades at his succcss. By the trophies of this hliltiades there arc aomu Mores of amblliuug fellows in Parliament JM10 cannot Sleep. The men who witnessed the glory of I^ord PalmersUirTs later years could exalt Sn it with a satisfaction unalloyed by so base a passion as I now refer to: ue wan or :m ^der genemtion, and was above the range of their jealousy. But such illustrious personages ap Robert JLowe, Mr. Laiug, Mr. Ilorseman, Sir ltobert 1'eel, Lord Cranbourne, Lord A. Montagu, look upon themselves as the equals of Mr, Gladstone, because they arc givehim bgcaiiM! the general opinion -of' Englaud"Tloc3 notcoincide with theirs in that rcspcct. I have wondered whether the moon ever gets ipja^ a rage when it happens to find jt^elf eqipsed. If that bo ? the ease, thefts is a striking analogy^ be- j tween the moon and several of Mr. Gladstone's old associates. 3\. There is one other serious objection to Mr. Gladstone, operating nnt alone uplonthcrae to whom 1 have already referral, but upon a multitude of others: be is an earnest, man. His political xiewa arc not jests, but convictions. With him political life btioniB to be -ccithcr an oatcntAtion, TiormlisKuised »eUighncaa, nor a comedy; but a consecration. The principle English politicians, however, who are just now at the surface, hare grown up under the example of Lord Palmers ton, and have been' rJoraily debauched by the success of that EFtctt'ditl "polttfeal'-tiadducce.—Witir-a-fs«- cile Bmi'.e, a jovial bearing, incredulous as T to the higher maxims of public conduct, worldly, materialistic, they look upon s'jites^ianship as a highly -respectable and remunerative fnrcej they regard election pk-ugi^i as a play with words; they admire tite gilt of badinage as'thc chief attribute of a first minister, and they think the most serious plea sufficiently refuted by the most trivial pun. Of course, such men cannot comprehend carncstusM; it arouses either their ridicule or their rage. When they see it in ordinary men, they laugh at il-j- i-hny it ; thpy t.fy to 'gmpther it -betweena ebower of >. \- - " Quips and crank* and wanton wiles." But when they behold this spirit fnjthe alliance of personal greatness, kindling an - eloquence whose majesty overwhelms them, vitalising a scholarship whose vnatness Alls them with awe, crowning and glorifying « nature whose dignity silences the patter of their shallow focctiousness, what is left to them but hate—a hostility hardened into utter vindictiveness, and gnashing its teeth in an ecstocy of loathing f \- Mo jiiseerning jwreoii could- h&ve.gat; in the House of Couunoms this scssidn, could have heard the tone of the opposing speeches, could have seen and heard how " Lbe fust aescmbiy of gentlemen in the world" was capable of resolving itself into fc -soologicei-gardim-jjf-jaalSrbmta, of magpies and monkeys, howling, IH-'lowing, screeching, chattering, in one pruiongfid chorus of brutal fury against the Chancellor of the Exchequer, without [>«rcclving that there was ap am igonism between him and them only to be explained by that tremendous gulf of moral unlikeness of which I have spoken. But the agony is now over. England is to have a Tory government. It may last bnt not long will the people endnre it. Probably, beforC the first anniversary' of bis resignation, tlie heart of England will call again to the foremost place her bat beloved and her ablest statesman. On the whole, the Interregnum is not to be regretted. It will be good for England to-be reminded what a Tory ministry is like. It will be good for the Literal party to have an experience of adversity. It will be pre-eminently good for Mr. Gladstone to have a year of rcposo. This very evening, I wpnt down to the House, to near the ministerial statement of the Queen's decision. I found Old Palace Yard thronged with poople eagef to see the arrival of the chieftains gf both parties. An English crowd nevcrninoes matters, or itself with aMgu .groaned, and shook the measure for the people's enfranchisement ; and, af they rcoognisod the oham* pidnsof the people's cause, they heaped ohoers and benoaictiona upon thdr heads. But, just as " Big Ben" aouudod from his regal., tower the hour of six, we heard a roar of voices tat away down Parliament street, and presently Itr. Gladstone, with Mrs. Gladstone at his side, drove in an openxarriqge into the yard. How the haia went off, and how the cheers went up from those thousand* of throats! Had he been \- king, he could not have had a. grander recuplion.' Climbing upon one o (the pilaa- -tcra of Westminister Hall, holding on with one band, swinging my bat with the other, and mingling my not very despicable Tan kee shouts with that immense gush of Bri Us|i tnlhusiaam, ttiadatine tteW dfThe ; minister who was just to announce that tho Qooen had accepted his reaignation. He has the tape and the pott of a statesman, Bntyashe lifted his hat and responded to the salutes of the people, he looked pale, and»hagftard, and weary. Aa tho carriage swept round under the* archway leading to the members 1 private cntrance, Mrs. Gladstone rose, Bid threw i- back over the multitudea a look of inex* proMible happiness, and gratitude, and wifely pride. How wclcomo to the Jaded statespian must be this release from the toUs-of-oSLoe And interludeoi much needed rest may save him from thefate ol so many of his predecessors, and may preserve to England a life which has already . given anewluster to English eloqarace impulse to the enlightenment and happi- ness OF mankind.— TUK IHDKFKHDBST. IN a Oonnctlicut parish, a>ubscripiign paper-was recently started for the support of preaching, and laid firat before the miniito fot liis eubROnptipn, as a member of the parish. He subsribed twenty dollars; no other one subscribed as iiiuch. Ill* pay that year was lesa than four hundred dollars, including Us own subscription. Tins Memphis HULLETIN says, the body u . grapliy, and according! v, on the day'of the murder, witli the aid of a microscope. images left on the retina of the eye or the dead, were transferred to paper, and curious facts developed.^ A pistol, the hand, and parifof Toe face Of the man wlio comitiitod the crimes, are perfectly delineated. , TUB KKW licenselawistogointoforoe in New York City,'on the fin,t of May. The law nnntaina wnme new features, and if it can be executed, will accomplish much giHtd. Under die new law, the CommiKsioncra of tho Board of Health are constituted a Board of Excise, who shall have exclusive power of granting ieenses^Tor HiVRul<a"OT~li(juura Tihr^'Suili - day, or on election days, within a quarter of a mile of the election. No liquor ia to bo sold to any apprentice, without the conscnt of his master or mistress, nor to any j (Orson under eighteen yean of age, without the consent of his father, mother, or ratardian. None is to be sold to an habitual drunkard, nor to an intoxicated person ; nor against the request of any wife, husli.imi, parent, or child, to the husband of any such wife, wife of such husband, parcpt of such child, or child of such-parents —Liquor shop* are to bp. closcd betwccn midnight and sunrise, and on Sunilay. No person who trusts another for liquors can compel payment at law. INTOXICATION is made a criminal offense, Kubject to a fine of ten dollars and costs. Adequate fines and penalties arc provided for all the specific offences, aud the act is draw^, throughput with evident carc and thoroughness. GBN. GRANT, in a recent conversation, with Hev. George Ilcpworth of Boston, Wd-of Pen., jjiierman; "Bhennap, is a man to be proud of. lie is impetuous, he is faulty, but lie knows his own faults as soon as any man." And of Sheridan he said : " ll^Kbc best man in America. He lias m^fter. Ho can wield any f'froer lie Ts pUre hflorted,"^rimple-Tnanncred, and a truly noble man." And of himself he said: " There were a thousand othcrt) who could have done tlie same thing as well as I. 1 am thankful to God that "He licl|>ed mc to do the wirk, but had I not been living, or liad the Govern* meut passed over me, there are other men who would have won the victory for jron. we have practiced good actions for a while, they become easy ; and when they are easy we take pleasure in them; and when they please us we do thisin frequently ; and, by frequency of acts, a thjug grows into fuibit, and,comfirmed, is a kind of second nature; and so fur as anything is natural, so far it is necessary, and we con hardly do otherwise—nav, we do it many times when we'do not think of it. .To claim that we are saved by infiiud HEKCT, and at the same time to deny we deserve to perish by infinite jutfici, contradiction of.tho superlative dggj$e„ GOWAROS only,-see GHOSTS. A small Ira&can; make a j ^-%»nJlip-rm».ti and ymi uw tfif Hf" Not to carc where you go is to go ruin. Bangkok" Recorder. October Uty 1868. 