TELEGRAPHIC. (FROM OUR TELEGRAPHIC CORRESPONDENT.) SYDNEY. February 3. THE Thomas Woodward has brought two hundred and thirty tons of breadstuffs from California. The Western mail was robbed last evening by two armed men, near Cox's Falls. The bags were all rifled of their contents, everything of value being taken. The robbers were appre- hended shortly afterwards. There have been heavy thunderstorms, and more rain is anticipated. The breadstuffs' market is very much de- pressed. The City of Brisbane has arrived. The Telegraph has sailed for Brisbane. WE are requested to direct the attention of the shareholders of the Brisbane Gas Company to an advertisement in another column, an- nouncing the holding of the second annual meeting, at the office of the company, at noon this day. The report for the past year will be brought up, after which two directors will be elected in the room of Messrs. Henry Buckley and John Campbell, who retire by rotation. Both gentlemen are eligible for re-election. ON Friday evening last, Mr. Bridges, one of the candidates to be nominated by the commit- tee appointed by the ratepayers of the North Ward, met the electors of the north-east por- tion of the ward at O'Keefe's Leichhardt Hotel, at the corner of Leichhardt and Gipps streets. Mr. M. C. Coffey occupied the chair. The can- didate entered fully into his views upon the current questions in municipal affairs, and at the conclusion of his address a vote, expressive of his fitness to represent the ward, was carried. A TELEGRAM was received from the Rock- hampton police authorities on Saturday, stating that on Monday lost Macpherson, alias the Wild Scotchman, had stuck up the up and down mails between Rockhampton and Spring- sure, at a place named Brownstown (probably Browne River, near Expedition Range). The locality is about 180 miles from Roma, where Macpherson rifled the Roma and Donnybrook mail on the 23rd ult. If the telegram is correct as to the name of the bushranger, the Wild Scotchman has not been long in covering the distance between the two places. A report was in circulation that he was seen near the Bald Hills, about fourteen miles from Brisbane on Saturday ; but there can be no foundation for the rumor. It is not likely that Macpherson would run the risk of visiting a place where he is so well known. THERE was a large muster of cricketers on the ground on Saturday afternoon, and a spirited match between two elevens took place. The captains of the respective sides were Messrs. Macnish and Fowles, the team under the cap- taincy of the former winning by about ten runs. The approaching contest between the married and single is likely to possess some interest, and efforts are being made to get as good teams in the field as possible. YESTERDAY the Yarra Yarra, s., brought up from the police hulk fourteen sailors belonging to the crew of the Golden City. They are charged with various offences, and will be brought up at the Water Police Court this morning. THE nominations of candidates to serve as aldermen, auditors, and assessors, in the muni- cipality of Brisbane during the ensuing twelve months must be sent in to the Mayor by noon to-morrow, when they will be opened and read. As many informal nominations were sent in last year, owing probably to the new arrangement made by the Municipalities' Act of 1864, we subjoin a few particulars, which candidates and their supporters, will do well to observe. The Act states that " Every male person of the full age of twenty-one, whose name is on the Mu- nicipal list as liable to pay rates, will be entitled to vote, provided that no part of his rates shall be due and in arrears at the time of nomination." Candidates, also, and those who propose them must pay up their rates before noon to-morrow or they will be disqualified, and their nomination papers will be rejected. The mode of nomination as prescribed by the Act is as follows : "Any five electors entitled to vote in any ward may nomi- nate a candidate for election by delivering to the returning officer (the Mayor) a document containing the name in full of the candidate they may wish to propose, setting forth also the occupation and residence of such candidate, and similar particulars respecting the five electors so nominating. Such document must be accompanied by a written statement, each candidate, signifying his willingness to serve if elected." Neglect of either of those provisions must necessarily cause the rejection of the nomi- nation paper. YORK'S HOLLOW, on which for so long a time the bricks supplied to this city have been made, is about to be converted into a park and re- creation ground. The first step has already been taken by the Government, a neat and sub- stantial fence having lately been commenced. Before the park is completed very many im- provements must be made. All the trees having been cut down for firewood by the brickmakers, the stumps only remaining, it will cause much expense and labor to give tho hol- low even a presentable appearance. THE Victoria Theatre was pretty well attended on Saturday night. The performances con- sisted of the drama of " Green Bushes " and the farce of "My Husband's Ghost." The former piece had not been produced in Bris- bane until the previous evening ; it is well known, however, to the generality of playgoers. It was represented, as we have had occasion to remark, in a very creditable manner. The farce was also well played. The same programme is advertised for this evening, and we understand that " Green Bushes " will not afterwards be performed. To-morrow evening, the stage manager, Mr. Vinson, will take his benefit. THE pleasure trip to the bay on Saturday afternoon in the Emu was largely patronised by the public, the decks of the steamer being crowded with passengers. The principal in- ducement to those who went was the opportunity of going on board tho Great Victoria, but unfor- tunately the stiff southerly breeze blowing was too much for the Emu, and the captain consi- dered it unsafe to run alongside the ship. The pleasure-seekers were consequently much dis- appointed. Otherwise, the trip was pleasant though a few ladies suffered from the uneasy motion of the boat. The Emu returned to town at about half-past 6 o'clock. SEVERAL disturbances occurred on Saturday evening. The principal persons concerned were immigrants by the ship Golden City, who were landed in the forenoon of the same day. A number of them got drunk, and created a row at the depot, while others became mixed up in street brawls. The disorder began about 5 o'clock on Saturday afternoon, and was conti- nued at intervals until an early hour on Sunday morning. The police apprehended a large num- ber for being drunk and fighting, and last evening there were forty-one cases on the list. As none of the prisoners found bail, the small space furnished by the present watch-house was taxed to the utmost to afford accommodation for them ; and besides the ordinary cells, one of the offices had to be used as a prison-house. All the rooms were crowded. This state of affairs is bad enough, but what will happen when the arrangements for the District Court have been completed it is difficult to imagine. The strong cell has been converted into a Judge's chamber, the next one in size is being split into two, and has a passage running through it, while what was formerly a forage store has been turned into a third. The ventilation of the last-named place is of the worst kind. The only place by which air can enter is an aperture in the wall dividing the cell from the stables. If ever these miserable dens should be crowded as others were last night, the consequences will be serious. THE Government Gazette, of Saturday, con- tains a list of all timber licenses granted in the townships of Mackay, Rockhampton, Clarks- ville, and Townsville ; also, a list of all moneys received and paid in respect of intestate estates, by the curator of the same, from July 1 to De- cember 31, 1865, inclusive. WE percieve by the Government Gazette that the revenue of the corporation of Dalby for the last half-year was £1044 3s., including a balance due to the Bank of Queensland of £570 12s. 1d. According to the municipal return from Bowen, it appears that the receipts for the half-year were £3567 4s. 8d. This amount includes a balance from the previous six months of £2933 9s. 8d., and on Government endowments on rates of £156 15s. A cash balance to the amounts of £10 12s. 3d. remains to the credit of the corporation. THE following is a classification of the persons detained in her Majesty's gaol at Brisbane for the week ending February 3, 1866 :—For trial at Brisbane, 2 males ; for trial at Maryborough, 5 males; imprisonment, 17 males, 9 females ; remanded, 2 females; hard labor on the roads, 11 males; hard labor in the gaol, 54 males, 2 females; debtors, 1 male ; non-payment of fines 2 males, 2 females. Making a total of 92 males and 15 females. 