POBLIC LIBERTY. " ^ The following ii an extract from Mr. Goldwin Smith's second letter to the Beehive:-' .. : The momentous fact which I wish te bring nader the notice of jour readers ts this-that, owing to the course ot events, sad the change which has taken place in the rent distribution of power-between the différent -mem* bera of the constitution, our ancient.seourltie« for publio liberty have in great measure' lost their value.' " Thé petition of right,' and the "other great Acts of. Parlia- ment, bj which We- suppose ourselves to>'fie (guarded against arbitrary power, are "restraints plsoed by Par- liament, which'in thoVe days was thè'organ of popular principle;, upon the tyranny of the Crown.. . Aa. re- straintsupon lhe; tyr'anny,bf the Crown','these Acts hrs effectual, ueCauae thelCro.in'cannot'repeal , an Ant of Parliament.1 But as ree train ts 'upontho tyranny of Parliament itself they are utterly Ue/Teclaal and "nil, because Parliament can 'repeal it» own'Acts whenever it thinks fit. '.'."?.".-' i . - '..-. , "- "<..? .' -'. - ¡ The tyranny of the Crown is: a'thing of the^past. j AH thereat -power of'.,tho monarchy',has bebn'cbn'is 1 oatéd for tho benefit *>f the'Uouseot Commons' ¿nd the ! royal assent'tc. the' passing or repeal'bf any'measure by tba House, of Common» is.con practically.given ' by willoh we have, now-'to guird.'1 And''against 'this tyranny the Petition of/ R.gbf,"»hd tbe'Bill bf Bights, »re in tberuaelves^no protection whatever. A parlia- ment partly 'heredlfary.'partly elected by a narrolr iuffrnge. may, if, it happanSuto^oMissd- with a flt 6f Ílanie or rage, like'tbat' wbïèh seized tWplánter pai iameut of Jamaica, sweep away in alight,..by a sus- pension of -the standing orders,' Sil'thèse boasted 'seca- j rities for public liberty; aid establish ;a;rai&ri; of martial j ' 'Martisl law once" established, ? the-'Gbvero'me'nt'and ita agents ara set free, ' according 'to; tte. ' doctrines authoritatively laid down )a the Jamaica1caíé.'notionly from the restraints; pf law, tut frotoAthe restraints of oimmon'húminity;ii- Tfaey 'ere-'irían enemy's country, I only without the obligation to give quarter to prisoners ''and noncombatants,) orito abstain from thedéstruótion of private property.;'Thejrmay,buro'haoses, as welles execute the "inhabitants without trial. They may pnl to death ?helpless.;tvpmen and.striplings, incapable or crime, aa well' as mon/ ..They may ..torture as well as hang, and if their passions ; aro not satisfied - with thc blood of, the victim, add the agony.iof , the lash, ¡tb the bitterness of, death. J . .They may, like. . Colonel i Hobbs" refine upon ordinary cruelty, by forcing the cpodomned,; men to oe the executioners ofeaoh other." They- may put up.men, aa Colonel Uobbs1did, at a distance of four hundred yards as n target ;for. their riflemen.', oThèy nay outrage all the sanctities of natúré Jiy' hanging up p'eguant women, or hy hanging-upfather, and,child side by dide. All Ibis wás",idon¿ in Jamaica %nder the name of martial law.' ''AU tbfs,' es English offioiols and, some EBglish lawyers hold,-tho name of martial law' ia snffloient'tocoverand'cdndorifc i ' ? Tte Reign-of Terror at an 'end, if you wish to obtain Í'us tica against'those who, during its contiauanco, may lave been guilty not only of cruelty ."bot-of cruelty ut- j terly needless and auporfiaous,-even for the.objects otis tyrannical government! what bourse of' proceeding does ! tbo leader of the Hausa of Commons point out to yon, and to what tribunal does he direot-you to resort Í - He bids you impeach tba offenders^ before . the. House of I Lords-a tribunal from Vrhioh' 'in politioal ciases* Jus tico. If she ever dwelt there, has 'departed-which,- ia former days,- though- nndër'strpBg-'ocmpbliiè'nJrc'op-j demned Stratford; but lu whioh'nowpas a uobfe lord at the Eyre banquet; tho .other day intimated with perfect. I frankness, GovS'nOr.'Eyre,"if 'he-were brought-before it-' ' for the murder of Hr. Gordon, would fiod rather tbs sympathy ;of ' bwn companionô than; the ^verity bf judges."- ;.:...».. .i- '.""'.i-- -') '.yi A.W J ! , Dowe" flatter ourselves^ th'at'thp Eyre'parly wpu|d regard ' the' English'"Workman or peasant as their own. flesh and blood, and that they would "tfoti9 under'any ?excitement of politisai ' passion or alarm, do to bim; what they glory in baring done to-tbe-negro-peasantry' of Jamaica f Wo.'ha.vbihe'ard the " flesh and blood'', argument treated with, cocsiderable((oorn in the recent, debates upon the extension of the francaise.. ..MjvGor don bad bat a very slight ata(n of negra blood'in_ bim .? -^.he;was_not.browner.than; many an'English labourer is1 made by working in tho sun ;' hnd he'was,'married,to an English wife, whoao,petition for justice tb herself, and for the reversal of , her 'husband's illegal condemn*. I don as a felon, does 'Bot teem to meet-with inoch attention from .the Government/ 'J fead in a'Tory paper. with rbference"to this' yéry á.nPjept'óf the Eyre banquet; tho avowal thar there is on s « oúrhiítakéab'o ¡ gulf* between ''"the^àrla.Foàwey^pf^hè^ and tho mon of tho people, who', of öbuihso; are'called the' i mob. I do not feel confident, therefore, that in oasejof, a Jamaica ?'panie in England, the planter party here I wonld refrain, out of respect for their own flesh and' blood, from r resorting" jtoUJamaica; .jaeaanrea of 1 pression... :,(, ,,. j ;j\r/j<;:i ;;ry t|:, F. .'", Lord Cardigan, in' .bia.Bopthsmptbn speecb^tolls I that th» army.bi^ Iwp^.dV^ a» fend" thé'oouotry against, itsï ibreig'r^enejnies',, and'tW-¡ I other tb pdt down disturbances am'opgítnp-'peppl» 'j'^kd' i'h.e'addíitha't.'the ¡spboD*dl;dnty''jiévey.'',WM better.b«W formedthan It'was' hy the troops ¡,in j JajnA'ca.;., Jfer^ 1 hap« another, opportunity may"present itself for cqW ïîderlng whether tuïsis' a jost, viewpfnthe^dnty^cf the arrnj.-and.whcth/r; the; .office, of a'n'EnglishJsoIdierlis .DPr3sbïenta'ry' ''to that of the ' hangman. At present it;ip enough to muk. Lprá, lCardiganrs"3ecTaij* tion;'arid to observe thht hir lbrdship Jdid"not in apte war .qualify his doctrine, with reference to .the,leonie I of hU'own'oonntry.'"' f'; ' f-'l^'l"1;^1'' H 1 -s V 'i'., -' 1 ..?.:, *>; "l L-oV-'M.':' - "".""i "tCii i-It ia.impoasiblo.'to., o verrue , the signiflçançe.of 31 _ J^retopquet^,:, attende^ raíre^thana' hundred porsbna.Tof rank vahd. jíieaUjii^frop,ar.-_8Írjglo_| ci(y'¡anri)>;:its?'<" Neighbourhood, and" ' now "fol lowed,' 'pp;;;jan Ejre defonca ? and aid 'fund, . got up tinder, .tho. highosLpattonigo aid which ia .evidently receiving liberal aubicrjptjons. Evin íup'poBÍrig that'' tba "promoters'of "thrip demon ? believed that- tba exeoutjpris 'were .nccettoVy andjust, ' peoplo do ' not ÛBually gi vo banqueta or testimoníala to; the hangman. The motive which, inducbs~nien thus tot trample on buman|ty, and .outrage 'tho feelings of the : 'pacple, must be a'political motive; sud,what'tho politi- cal motive.is. .the-general bearing'and' language of j a certain section of higli s'ociéty^of late h^-ntade it im possible to doubt, i .."."' " °' - | | ,,. J\S I iald'bofore.Thopo and believe that the bulk of our governing; data would at present shrink from the "thought of a. ppjicy, of..martial-. Jaw,'- , .Nor would I irp .p'nte even ''tor th'd1 oorrApt'-' portiöfl-óf-'thitrciass any formed design of overthrowing public liberty. But.' I do say that'the ccrrn^t.'po'rfctón ~lé íl1 '-u'- ¿-'-?-«"'*-' ppblip liberty. But.' I "bf the g«vbrnln^ Iclsjss re'tha'if phe''T>cent*coa has exhibited à tempéry'jotf nfoVeU r_ «lon, whlch,"if their.'CrûSl|:«ars wèro-eioîted'(aind irjobs I are either so cowardly or so cruel as the wcaltby'-'ahd -corinpt)-would--lead- -them-"to~ ""violencorrVl violbnW- ¡ímiMf -tbs -1 ''phyeioal AxWob'-i " " 4hVif'- side.*-thley e:tho1 greatest reason of -i no m tors . - ia' 'ooi'-1 nßpn .'^ would thomBelvos, in the end, 'bave';tho1 greAteBtressrjn to deplore. I 8ay,'f "ottempt is being made to uphold and establish an efil precedent/ a precedent- wbioh-can-hnrBTirrTaiue-for-apy but tboao .vtlioao thohghU,1 whether dialincUyisIiapad [or not, are evil. - - - \iP j I Y ,1' hayo shown that our i bid :socúriiie"iOngBjnltíniartial law-the Petition' (of TBigbOfisHdAthe otber statures j protecting publio llbortyl- bire/cesStdOfo bc sufficient' for- -the purpose.--They- guard- us- against-a tyraupy ' [.which exists no longer ¡Mtley. db 'hot ¿naídenaf gainst tho danger of tyranny-wbioh at present exists. .iThby are guns, jointed 'JagaiBèt.'thtifesûMÎjl or rather the ghost of what was once the enemy, outside the fortressj; whereas the enem.y.!Mqlly>tfthe«ftared is^now wilnin' the walla. Wo must supplement tthem by continuée), and resolute action ¡rh'ucfenoe.-tof.'tbe law", whenever' publio right is menaced»with violation in tue porsonjof any- ' British I . citirèu. r. iTbet jiextoution of Mr. Gordon after a» mqck^L. triaij ano;-' witbdnt evidence, was, Ju.- »tny^.-Judgniént/1; fa murder in .' tho most' orimlnaL !sefisb>iiot the glenn. . flt was .tho aiBasajnation; under, colour; cf ms¿tial law, [of a man who had bobn« lopg.iobaollous to^tbe planter' government, and ytbOjlwaB-Tegarded by t£e gotern&r;, os tho governor's .lsnguogé proves,1 ;.with tense per-" sonal hatred. Bot jti ia ;nül'Jn.this!poluti^f viow that I have takenup theioaae, Dr tbat-lwleh to "seo It takën up by otfaors, I s>m]ess,aispcied:tbUtt evento demaijd the severest measurcs,.agai|iflt,G9r«ttnor Byre, sincej I I seo clearly .that he is ^Bot an isolated orimiosl, bnfj mop3ber/.pf4af 'irImIhaf class-I uso that term in a na ^ ibñso, porhaps, but ono In whioh_l jronturo to think lit is Sot lets just thon'lnlta ordinary "application to the. wf'etohed.drágtf of society ¡ tbë' sinïers, î%ignb7anceasd. want. What I desire is only to'nssort the supremaoy pf law; to secure a fair .trial, .by bis'peors,toevorv aocu «J man ;.< to¡ render," lt Impoesible that -the ;iivot,- tho flesh,' tbehomes n,of, : "ther ; ppopje ' should i«»èr bo . tbreatbn'ed. .ljy... the!.'; halters,, thet, ,whips," àtid tho firebrands .. of '. ollgarshio ; vengennoe:,, and to stem, tho'current of depraved ,sentiment wnich is bearing ua towards violence ; *nd if si hard struggle between the enfranchised and the unenfranchised, be tween capital and labour, should ever take place in (hi oountrja may one day bear na into civil war. Tba phrase Bounds startling:, perhaps extravagant. Bu \ England enjoys no supernatural immunity from th 'calamities whioh have fallen on too surrounding nations The immunity which she has hitherto enjoyed has beei due to tho religious observance of the principles whiol we aro no* called upon to maintain against aggression If the people of England are not disposed to answer th call,- they-have-two courses between which.lo oho 'se and the.sooner their oboioo, is made tho better. The may either make' up' 'their 1 minds af onbè to ' remaii qnletly in a state "of dependence,, and .not t provoke the anger of. their masters by 'at tempting ' to rise 1, above their present tocia and political condition, or, aa many of them osonn, to leave England.to the masters,' and tranafer themselve to a landless dear,perhaps,-than England, but when all are the same flesh and blood, and where publti jnstioe and the laws of humanity alike ' protect tin liberties and lives of »IL-I am, ¿a, : ; . QOLDWIW Flinn. ; P.8.-I have jaat read in tho . tory. Wonohestei Courier an invective against Mr Bright, Mr. Beales and other popular leaders,. ending, with the following words :-" This is the ' secret of the' failure of Mr Bright and the other revolutionists of the present day. They will never accept the truth; and therefore they can never profit by it ; but it will be madness for them to expect a long continuance of the forbearance that has been thrown them by the really-powerful classes of tho community. -Tho time is not far distant .when they will be voted a public nuisance, and when that day arrives, there will be: a.sharp and decisive ond to their pernicious career." THE REV.' GEORGE GILFILLAN AND THE ANTHROPO LOGISTS.-In a letter to the Dundee, Advertiser,», the Revi ' George Gilfillan says :-Tho. theory of' the Anthropologists, may be right or may be wrong-I think it is yet premature ,to say which—but it must stand or' fall on its own evidence, and it ' does not' in the slightest interfere with the real claims of religion. Galileo' was put in prison for asserting the motion of tho earth round the sun, in opposition to the Bible, but still alter two centuries the earth continues to roll, and the Bible to be read, admired, and believed; Galileo's memory is reverenced, and Urban 'VIII, is regarded as a stupid bigot and a cruel persecutor. Witchcraft was long supported on' the authority of tho Bible, and those who denied its reality were in some danger of sharing the fate of tho unfortunate victims whom superstition tortured or burned; but we still believe the Pentateuch, which contains the words, "Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live," while holding that no such thing as witchcraft in its common acceptation ever existed except in the opinions of men. When Cuvier and Buckland first broached the now universally received doctrine that millions of ages were employed in building the earth, a loud clamour arose, and it required tho strong interposition of such men as Pye Smith and Dr. Chalmers to save geology from ' the cheap, ever ready, but always damaging charge of infidelity. The same game is now attempted to be played over against the Anthropologists, and with pro ably the same results. I do not profess myself, 1 re- peat, to be a believer, in their theory. I grant besides that, some of them have displayed offensive dogmatism and still more offensive levity—a levity, however, and a dogmatism in which they have been imitated and out done by their critics. But 1 dare not apply that ex- presslon which Paul used in an age when there was no real science in existence, and,which has been hackneyed out of all meaning and vulgarised out of all reverence, " Science falsely so called,' to the researches' of such men as Darwin, Owen, and Lyell.' The origin of man is only taught us in Scripture under a thick veil of allegory—it is one of the ' most interesting, 'and mysterious' of themes— and I hail all real light that can bé shed upon it, even though it should shock my prejudices and shake some of my minor convictions; albeit I must' be convinced that light is real, and not a mere bewildering and confound ing meteor of the marsh. I feel that it is my duty, as a reasonable man, to yield up absolute submission to 'act when accurately ascertained, and to cry like Browning, " With God be the rest!'' I deplore the use of clamour, calumny, and ridicule in such matters, employed as they often are either to hide ignorance or to ventilate malice, or to drown fear. I deplore still more the paltriness of mind and tho gross ignorance of genuine philosophy discovered in the cry against "Con tinuity which his been got up. Continuity is the sum and substance of all genuine science, being only another name for that uniform series of causes and effects, without which there can be no order in the universe, no deductions in logic, no certainty in science or in anything else. Whether continuity in the animal series' has been broken, and how, are different questions, but con tinuity itself as an idea involves a most precious scientific and philosophic truth, and as a word, if it be a recent coinage, it is one of -the happiest dye. I cordially agree with the Bishop in believing that many eminent men of science are modest Christians— 'Christians too certain of the truth' 'of their creed to tremble at any scientific innovation, and men too modest not to' 'submit to real evidence from whatever quarter it comes, and to whatever result it be tending. The almost entire unanimity of the British Association (the exceptions being in general men of only' provincial reputation) in reference to the Development Principle, is certainly a startling and serious fact, but one which is not to be met by abuse and detraction, or by wailing, and lamentation, but, to be 'calmly and charitably pondered by all enlightened professors of the Christian faith.-^Glasgow Weakly Herald. ' | '!. 