DEATH.OF TO ll SAYERS. (From /he- Sportina Life.) "Poon Toil'sa' "cold!'!..TWithin a'bríof space, Lords LYNJJUUKST nnd PALMEIISXON, LEKCH and HKUUING tho rory cracks of their calling, hare gouo down, and now SAÏEUS tho hero of so many lights, has joined the silent doad. It was a plain, homely name, but thero was nota corner bf the world whero it hud not been heard. His Championship had boen won and held on a harder tenure than riding a charger into Westminster Hall, throwing down a mailed glove, and then bucking out again'. Three titled Thomases furnislu'd inspiration to tho poet of tho old " Tommind," und Cribb, Spring, nnd Soyors uro heroes moot for tho now. With " Little Tom," as tho world loved to call him when ho " gave away C inches and nigh 3 stono," tho choicest memories of t ho King dio out. They dato back to the time when stars nnd garters thronged tho Newmarket cockpit- when tlio Fives Court, with Tom Johnson or " Big Ben" on its stage, was as popular with the Corinthians as Yuuxhull-7 unii when princes ol' tho blood did not scruple to back their mun beneath tho gibbet of Jerry Abcrshaw. Dean Milner, in his zeul for universal knowledge, did mit ecru plo to oross examine Mondona as to his art when they met on tho deck of a packet-bout j and Dick Christian assures us that tho Rutlandshire magistrates rushed olí*, when sossions wore over, "tho wholo kit 'on 'em," to the fight at Thistleton Cap.: Midland rustics wore long wont .to prusorvo " Yon day, wheu Cribb walloped Mol- ineux," as a guiding dato in family mutters, und in tho witness-box as well. Modern history will have its work rut'out to decido between rival beliof:) whether the Spring and Langau toúrnoy or, " tho crowning mercy!' is tho bona Jldex battle bf Worcester j and, despite the caoklihgs of tho clan Hadfield, tho Farnborough meadow where Soycrsand Heenan ! Btrippod to tho burt" for the Championship on that bright April morning, has a solid significance for millions. Tom's challenge, audits prompt acceptance in tho New World, touched o'* truly British" boasted how the " Gohtloínún Jackson" of their boy- hood was wont to bo liSi d'Panimii'o'a guest ut Brechin, und told strange anecdotes of tho bold Belcher and Pearce the Gumo Chicken. . . ^ j 1 A perfectly new body of fistic literature sprang up. Stately pupers, which had hitherto frowned on tho fancy from'a distance,'wero* compelled to cóme int o tho fashion und oyen tho moro, seri. 113' ones quoted thom, merely, as they said, "for reproof and warning, but really to got tho leading facts on to the record. "Essays inthointcrvul of business" woro brui and highly pugilistic in their tono Paterfamilias' know by close application to his sporting pupor how Hoenan hud evaded tho. Buifulo bail f bonds, mid how tlie London legates had greeted him as ho step- ped from his Cunard cabin on to English soil. " Bulls" mid " bears paused.amitl. their labours to diccuss what diacoso ho would next choose for his training, when the Bishop of Salisbury had cUrsed him by -canille, bell, and hook. " Pleocomah X" chuckled over tho discomfiture of t ho Mcddlesoiiio Matties from Ely, who begged the Newmarket bench in vain' to endorse their warrnni against "ono Thomus Suyorj" and the spirit of thé fuithful Commons ran BO high on tho ovo ol' the tight that, if " tho intelligent foreigner" hud penetrated the smoking-room, ho would huvo left it with tho rooted, conviction thiit Sam Rogers would bo called to tho bur, of tho House, sud publicly thanked by tho Speaker, for muggling Tom but of 'Newmarket in a horse-box! If ton thousand had been'thc bail, tho Stock Excliaugoand 'luitèrsull's would have found tho motley rather than mar such a meeting"'' As for Sir Richard Mayne and the Homo Secretary, who could doubt that tho Premier had mndo'them "safe?" or that Pam . . " Hold tho hollie and Europe tho, stakes" on that truly eventful day ? Even gontle ? womon who . would havo shrunk from any sympathy in tho events of a roinmon liing XiVesäay. i'elt tho soft infection, and did; " so hopo our mau wilipili." . And yet our man was tho most unconcerned of all. , On Sunday, the only nows of him was that he had taken his walks abroad, or rather mused in tho Highgate meadows with his ohildren. On Monday, ho had only seen .a'few friends who wore anxious to feel his muscle, and lind " gono to bed nt an early hour." The " Southey* pf tho ring" have told what ennic with his wukhig- how from tho recesses of his carriage, just as the grey dawn struggled into day, he saw, for tho first time, his tall .rival, gliding ' like a ghost, in a long coat, and a false beard and nioustaoho,' along the platform-how he tu mod and took a nap, as' if such an immensely muscular Christian lind been quite a soothing viíión-how, with his loft arm ..disabled and folded hclplesily on his breast, ho stood up to tim forty first round, and all hue reduced Herman to blindness ; and how¿ from that day forwnrd, tho right nr in of mniurecciv-' cd a name new to anatomists, to wit, " tho auctioneer." '" .??'?.Thou came tho second act of the Farnborough drama, riehgiii''.Btrftiigo*inooifririiities and " startling ellects." Hocmiii riinnoroudy persisted in livings when one, if not two, non-sporting -"journals, in their udw-born zeal, lind kilted hini'; and his- American doctor was' presented ot Ooiirt. VToin bore' himself modestly,- and only wore a ring'br% two more, nnd a .magnilleent diamond brooch, .; which- ho" valued at thirty guineas. -A Blucher or a ? Wellington 'epùld not have been recoived moro raptur- . ously on the'Stc-cIc "Exôluuigc,' which felt in its breeches'; pockets as welt na its heart for him ; and £3,000 was in- vested for himself and his ohildren. v.Then' tho' *.*.. bol tie-. \ -holder," unshackled by oUleiol reserve, come out in his \ trtio light; and eave his " livor" when tho Parliament \jurso num. round. Mr Cully great od Tom with all the i warmth of an old gladiator, when they met 'on tho Heath i and added, ~ ai lie. well might do, " J don't A noto, Zorn, Aow 'von did it," After thia wo had diamal and diurnal I " reconciliations," and buckling on of borrowed belts nt the Alhambra ; and, when " benefits" began to run. dry, I the tuan who luid been tho gouius of ono ring essayed,to i bo tho Widdicomb of another. The managerial business ! was not Tom'a/or/e.' Uo likod well enough tho trit|m ! phal-car ontry aa Champion into a town, drawn by all the arailable horse strength of the establishment, and thu mules, Peto and Barney, as his enquires ; but that didn't last long. A chat with his old Camden Town friends or driving his dun cob in a gig was his mode of enjoyment. Thero wusn sort of sublime indifference or quiet stoicism about hm. He believed thoroughly in iloenan dud Captain Barclay, vory slightly, in magistrates, and certainly not in tho oxistenceof an Oxford Vice-Chancel- lor, or the necessity of a license from " suoh u stiff core" before ho pitched his circus. Heneo his best frioiids found him a child of nature uncommonly bad to guide, when keeping in condition was all-essential, or whenever a " difficulty," domestic or otherwiao, ? turned up. jin »hort, save that he scorned to sponge on anyone, Ito wus much of the. same turn of. mind as " Mr .Toot's Chicken," who.reduced all his practical, advice to " go in and win," and considered, when consulted on an affair of the heart,; thut doubling-up tho utorn futhor of your ludy-lovo was decidodly a move in tho right direction.. Such men may not do.as counsellors,, and such bulldog valour may not. have a general application, but still it carried our men with a steady tread up tho heights!of tho Alina, and kept the squares unbroken at Waterloo.. Tom knew no pain himself, and heneo,he hiid(;nq -per- ception of tho delicate duties of a second ; und, clad in a fur cop, a yollow flannel vest, and jackboots,' ho handled Heenan by his hair; pr.'whororerhp'could first catcht him, in tho fight-tho last ' ho' over attbnded.^whôu hp secondod him'against King. Although by no means pugnacioua in Iiis temper, liV hod no, idea of being chaffed, and did not .caro much for bómg'Jeted. Wlien he was onco mudo tho hero of a supper party, he morely, lay down on tho sofa when he had; finished his meal and went to sleep; ami when on another occasion, ho fancied that ho was asked morely to niake 'sport, for. tho Philis-' tines, ho growled.out thut ho would presently walk round, tho tublo and, "'punchéall, your, heads.",," .A bench ¡of county magistrates also remember'well his atony British stare, and bia growl bf " Who are you ?''".wiitin tho " fastest" of their body, claimed acquaintance with him, as a show off, in front of a county hotel., ' His features, however, wore their kindliest glow '.when,.Sir,Tatton sought him out iii tho Doncaster onclosurb, uiid congratu- lated him on his triumphs. The*old baronet, was dainty in his fistic recognitions, and merely walked round, -'the Stuleybridge Infant ;" but whoti Nat Langham took his stand next to h ¡tri at tho rails, rind reminded .him how ho had boaton Tom in his day, he nt once drew , off Iiis venerable beaver glove, and, suiting' tho word to tho deed, said, itt his gentle' way, " lyell, then,' S!r, Zcan now tay that Tue shaken Mudsi with two brave men." 1 A word on his carly lifo. .Tom was tho youngest bf eight, and .his father, who is a fuc simile of the son barring tho broken nose-bridge-is a halo old fellow pf seventy-three, and nursed him tenderly to tho last. Ono brother, Charles, is a shoemaker in Crown-court, Hay market, and another is a butcher ht Pimlico, Brighton, where Tom was boru. They do not remember much about his babyhood, except-that it bogan at eleven on'u moonlight night, at tho time of Black Buck fair.- lie was vory " mastorful" from tho lieut, and soon got the better nf his mother when he could do little moro- than toddle and clutch her by tho gown. " Do what we would, ho was always fighting somo' boy or another;" und when ho was only thirteen, and along with a Brighton coal-dealer, bo had trained a mulo to " box" out of business hjurs. ..He was like a young Bendigo with it-now cross-countering it, now slipping under its bolly and then on its back, till (he beast, half wild' with rago and bnflled scieuco, would snap' round at his legs. ¡io persuasion could induce him to go to school, und lie' hardly knew "his alphabet.. He becaino too much for tho coal-dealer, whom Tom, even at his tender years, never' scrupled tobring homo by tho collaar out of his bacchanalian haunts, and he was only in his fourteenth sumuier when ho reached London on foot, or by lifts ou thu waggon as .his hulf-pcnce held out,-and presented himself ut tho house of his brother-in-law, .Mr Robert King, a builder in Camden Town. Mr King remembered the lad's saucy reply about his boots when be visited Brighton a year or two before with his wife (»ho was tho eldest of the family), und when he learnt that he had come for u trade, he put him to "serve tho hod" to tho plasterers. Tom giivohinru world of trouble, as he would get off the scaffold and set himself to tho best work when the men's .backs were I urned, mid, as a matter of course, spoilt it. Ho hud been playing oil'somo of Iiieso tricks during a job at a sea-captain's, who took the complaint second- hand to Mr King. " I'd like to take you to BOO, you confounded young Turk ; I'd have some of your luzy blood out of you," suid tho son of Neptune. " I'd havo somo bl your lazy blood out of yon, old fellow," replied tho un- daunted little Tom, " if you dared tuckie mo, we'd roll overboard together." With that Tom brushed homo to his sister, but he was in no humour to listen to reason. " I'll pay tho man off who told of me," he snorted out?; " and, what's mare, Pll-inake my name rattle through all London," und with this startling prophecy, which; he clenched with "I'll bo up in Loudon soon; I'll learn nb other trade," he sheered, od* without a good-bye, and walked fair heel and too to Brighton, round by Ports- mouth. Ho was true to his word ; and his brother- in law found him a few months after at a building ho was completing in Hollowuy-rond. He hud put himself tb work without, asking anyone, and ho would vouchsafe his relative no explanation except " I won't stir from here till I'm. a bricklayer.'' ; Air, King liad ulwuys ó sneaking fancy for"this little King Absolute, and as it 'was no use to look at that determined little face lind' be angry, he told him to "Go homo to your sistar, and tell her to give you a plumb-bob and trowel." And so Tom did, and not only. Hally refused to say "pleaso" to.her when ho delivered tho order, but shortly commenced putting other Brighton boys to . work without referring them to anybody. In fact, there never wus a more during young do';. He would bo at tho top of tho tree ono way or nnothcr, aml by trying at arches, &o.;, long bufuro hç loarnt his trado, he set nil tho men ningbing ut lum. A turn-up with ono br two of them' who were too demon- strative decided his new profession. . Ho 'conveyed his decision to his sister in his own torso way-" I like to stand 'up ¡ I've to stoop too many times to tag bricks" His mother (unlike tho bold Bondy's,- who showed tho paps which lie suoked, . and only felt frightened lost her son should kill ovory mah he met), frottcd sorely over his choice, and in one of his milder moods hocoxfossed to his sister when sho pressed him, " Of course, I wa» happiest laving bricks." S Lile in a gig' ivas what Tom" loved lest, and half Lon- don remember, .when they were wniting;for tho Prince's bride, how,With a face us' imperturbable ns a,, door- knocker, ho drove down the whole linc, ns if it was au horeditnry Champion right, and .no «" blue" bid him nay.; This was about tho lust time time tho general public Baw their "littleuian.*' Ho~hu"d"livod from, tho .rory first time ho waa matched ns if lie never thought that his legs; were to'carry a Champion, and when ho' had worn tho belt, ho was st ill prodigal of himself and tho finest of con-' stitutions; but nature had her revengo G mouths before; he was 40. Tho lato.hours of tho circus, mid facing tho: ilona of harmony, with tho appetites; us boundleos as-tho Dragon «if Wuntlby's; for brandy bud cigars, wore , him out at last. In tho burly part of thia year he had wasted to n shadow, but. was skillfully patched up by the spring, and there ho was seeing tho Derby horses saddled, , with a face which rather wore tho -Honduras mahogany Imo of bia fighting days than' the hectic flush of disease. It waa,; however, only a. Ventnor recovery, and ovon during tho long warm summer ho dropped, day by day.. Ho longed. tO seo Tonbridge once moro boforo lib died. It was tho place ho liked best in his days of health, whon ho lived ut tho Brown -lug mid trained on tho Hadlow-rood, So ho droro down in bia gig, and niado his hoad, quarters at "tho Biill/'ohd once got' ns for as Hustings. . His appe- tite was so fecblo that ho could hardly : fancy ? a now laid egg, and if he hud a partridge lie would ecarcoty swallow acoupl.o of ounces.. Ho would lio by day on the sofa in tho smoking-room, and go to bed at .eight only to face another, long and restless night. All ¿now, ns poor Young Broome (Bill Evans) said of himself,'that ho was I " sent for," and his face of deep settled pain showed what ho suffered, but ho met his doom in 'silence, i with the stern calmness of a Mohawk cbiof. Day by : day they watched him;growing.weaker nnd weaker, and. -when ho could hardly crawl out into tho surshino he Bold his gig, and came back by tho train to London to die. Thia : was on tho Saturday of tho Doncaster week, and thoro wero still two weary months before tho grand relief carno to that bravo nnd suffering soul. , On his return from Tonbridge, on September IC, he came to hissiater'a ( MraKing) liouse,aud stayed with her about three .weeks. LTis cough was very bad, but ho novar Bpat blood,.and his appetite and,health improv- ed so much that at ono time they quito hoped ho might como round. .-Nono of tho family hnd-.ever boon \ con- sumptive, nndilhey thought that ilia deàth, and much of pain ho sufTercd, waa owing to a acvorb blow on the loft' shoulder- bladbj'aboiit six months ago,,' He,was driving near St. Pancras Church/when'souioono 'on .tho. pave- ment, who baa inflicted on him a grievous wrong, insult- ed "tho sick lÍon"¿\vitli n geaturo na ho pasaod. Ho pulled up instantly, and giving his raia» to his father, j umped out to chastise the fellow, and fell heavily on tim kerb-stono itt his hurry." Thia accident, added to diabetes and a severo, cold, whioh ho caught at Brighton Uuees, sealed his fato. Ho lofc his sister*a?on' Saturday three weeks before his" death, and removed all ina things to'an 'old.friond'a (Slr Monsley),' a large shoe manufacturer, of 257,~ High-street, Camdon Town," who lind always made In's fighting-boots. On the noxt day he dined'in the country with a* friond, and then he took to his bed, and never left it again. His clergyman.often came to see himl.and when ho stayed away for a day or two under a misapprehension that Tom in ono of his wayward moods, had turned against him he chid him foi' his absence. lu tho curlier part of his illness'lie never alluded to the chances of death, and such was his curious and reserved tomporàmcnt, that witli'ulmostsavage enorgy, ho oharged , lib sister, who'had .over dono a tnie sister's.part by him ' -" 2fe»ci\s'ay'thntyoutmtyht inc a prayer and read the Bible, and that[[jprayed after, you."; A fortnight before his death lie was more 'teachable, and, for J ho llrst time, he was heard.to .confess thut it wus,"aW'vp." At times he would call out bitterly in hi» ugqny ;? ,but for forty eight hours before tho close ho was almost insensible, and for nearly half t hat time ho was dying hurd. His . doctor Ihougli^ that he could hardly have soei>; the morn- ing of Wednesday,,but it waa s.i.X; o'clock: that evening béforo hefoiihd fest.*" ',...: ',. ? -He was lying-in his coffin,when wo sawhim on Friday, Tho muscles of the ,fiicb. stood', out' boldly.for- such 'a wasted skeleton, lind ibero 'wus 'still much,of ! tho life expression left in his Ji'ulf closed eye's. Tho box; with tho trophies and belts, was not there, but his own photo- graph, with liis'meduls'ou his'breast, and tho, print of tho Farnborough-Morninj, look us. sadly back from that palo and st ill troubled face, to tho days of his lusty.prime. .On tho wall above if, and keeping,as it. were, watch aiid word to the lost over, the coffin^ .whoso brass pilate bora iio vaunting inscription, hiing tho photograph of/Harry . Brunton.itlio faithful second in his great battles, and, us To'm was wont' to say of him,' "The kindest soul; lo me that euer breathed" and faithful to the lust. . Tour leaves :tw;o children^ pnb.bf thoni a ,vpfy fino , boy called aft¿r himself, and at presont at school nt Harlow. ' Wo have 'only tb add that tho funeral i's iixed to take, place'tit Highgate Cemetary,- at twa o'clock pnilWednesduy.; 