Ctje empire* i TUESDAY, MARCH 13, 1806. IT seems to be placed beyond doubt that tho bills beioro tho Parliament of South Aus- tralia, "for the relief of the squatters" of that colony, will become law. The history of the affair is a curious one, and ought to bo in- structive. It is known that too pastoral tenants of tho north had suffored muoh loss through tho bad seasons, and that a Commis- sion, which thoy had suffioient influence to §ot appointed, had recommended certain in ulgences in their caso. In accordance with this recommendation, two bills wero introduced, one for tho pur- pose of granting remission, of rout, and tho other for the extension of tho term of lease. Tho Houso of Assembly, how over, made some material changes, tho offoot of which is, in the first placo, that those squat- ters who claim the benefits of ono enactment cannot take advantage of the other, and in the next that, instead of a maximum extension of lease of fourteen years, the maximum has been fixed at ten years. Tho whole affair is a most cumbrous and unsatisfactory pieco of legisla- tion. ' It must bo understood that- thc present leases, or thoso whioh have just terminated, wero for a period of fourteen years Tho Land Act of 1858 seourcd an extension of five years after the expiration of this period, and now, tho now bills give further extensions of three years, six years, or ten years, to thoso pastoral tenants in the Northern and Streaky Bay districts. who .may ohoose to claim these priviloges. If. tho tenants prefer romission of rent to ex- tension of lease, they may olaim thus: Six months' remission instead of three years' extension ; twelve months' remission instead of six years' extension, and eighteen months' remission instead of exten- sion for the full poriod of ten years. It can hardly be doubted that tho extension of lease will bo chosen in most casos, in preference to the romission of rent. The complicated nature of tho wholo arrangement will be soon from this : First there are tho fourteon years looses, some of whioh aro still in existence ; next there aro tho additional fivo years' leases ; and finally there is tho sliding scalo of leases extending from throo to ten years, with tho option of taking a remission of rent instead. To complete tho confusion, this last arrange mont applies only to partioular districts, and in tho more favoured localities tho shorter periods of loaso, and the conditions of GOYDER'8 valuations aro maintained. If we may judge from the tone of some of the publio journals, tho persistent obstinacy of tho squat- ters in adhonng to their demands, and tho facility with which tho Government has appeared disposed to comply with them, havo worn out the spirit of thoso who had seen tho danger of too much concession, and had long resisted it. The consoquohco is that a sort of pie- bald land law is in foroe, and in a few years' timo the difficulty of interpreting it -of classifying its various provisions and of reconciling them to oxistingicircumstanccs, will become insuporablo. Tho Crown tonants will bo discontented when callod upon to comply with tho moro stringent provisions of tho law, and tho general public will booomo indignant matter liow long tho evil may bo dolayod, a collision, and a sovoro ono, whether it bo of moral or of physical force, seoms inevitable. Tho fooling is vory strong on the subject, though the strugglo is postponed by general consent. In particular tho conduct of tho pastoral tonants who aro in Parliament . hos oauscd a deep feeling of rosontmout. " It may bo said," romarks a correspondent of ono of tho Ado laido journals, " that wo havo no right, to blamo J tho Bquattors for doing tho best they can for thomsolvos; but wo have a right to condomn any olass of mon who seek to bonofit thomsolves at tho ' oxponso and to tho injury of tho cotntnunity. Wlion political power is oxoroisod by tho roprcsonta tivo for tho bonofit of the roprcsontativo, and against tho gonoral interest, wo aro bound to toll theso men that thoy aro, politically speaking, dishonest, and totally unlit to form part of a Logislaturo." Thoso sonti monts will find a ready responso in this oolony. It must, howovcr, bo confessed, that whilo in soino instances tho spirit of grasping rapacity is as prevalent hero as in any part of Australia, tlioro aro soino eminent ' examples of mon of moro modaratd views, whoso position onables thom at times, to exoroiso a controlling influonoo over the moro exacting of their class. Porhaps it may bo that to those influcnoos wo may yot owo thc aversion of dangers that throaton in tho futuro, and tho settlement' upon omioablo their renewed resistance. No to excito tho angry passions of men: A struggle for tho possession of the land could not be terminated without tho clash of arms, if obstinately maintained on both sides. It is tho solemn duty of thoso who must he well awaro of this, and who have tho power of guiding ovonts at the prosont time, to uso every exertion for tho prevention of suoh a terrible calamity. Can anyone be j so besotted os to suppose that tho thousands of listless, idle youths who aro now growing up to manhood, apparently regardless of tho affairs of tho country which is their birthplace, will be as apathetic in twenty years hence, when they may bo numbered by tons of thousands, and find that thoy have not a rood of land to set a free foot upon. These dangors bocomo formidable if suffered to grow; but they may bo cheeked in time ; and surely the | most unreasonable cannot say that there has not been abundance of warning. It needs no prophetic vision to perceive that tho " concessions" whioh tho South Australian squatters have voted to themselves will be j set up hereafter as a standard of pastoral rights. One of the spoakors in the House of Assembly, in opposing the intended conces- sions, doelared that the produotion of wool on the ? runs which wore said to. have suffered I most, had very largoly increased during tho present year. Facts litte this will not fail to bo. quoted when other pastoral tenants demand similar indulgences. In short there seems no end to this complication of affairs but by means of that publie competition whioh always has been and always must bo tho best regulator of trade. Fifteen or sixteen years ago it was said that only one man in the country understood the pastoral law, and that was Mr. DEAS TIIOMSON. Moro reoontly we havo been advised that Mr. ROBERTSON had exclusive possession of tho valuable secret. Even that gentleman's knowledge of tho subjeot, however, has sinco boon called in question, and it may bo that our very latest interpreters of tho law will soon be convicted of error. But there is a ready interpreter in popular intelligence. When it was pretended that all was obsouro and mysterious about the Orders in Oounoil of 1847, and their presumed obscurity was used as a means of furthering selfish designs, the plain meaning of thoso Orders could, never- theless, bo well understood by thoso who perused them with impartial minds. So also with the existing- law. It may be capable of tortuous interpretation, but the pcoplo. know very well what they understood when they assonted to it, and elected an Assembly for tho especial purpose of enacting it. That plain, honest, comuion-sonso mean- ing will yet be onforccd. The strange con- fusion into which tho pastoral regulations of South Australia have been thrown by recent enactments is another proof that simplicity in such matters is bost for tho "publio interest, and it may provo in the end to bo best for the interest and tho safety of those who have taken so muoh pains to confound tho law. They remind one of the spider who fancies that ho seoures himself and establishes a Eerpotual trap for others, by surrounding imself with an ingenious mass of network, from, the centre of whioh ho contemplates, perhaps, with intonso satisfaction, the results of his cunning. The nuisanco is endured for a timo j but by-and-by comes tho stalwart housemaid, with her remorseless broom, and sweeps tho wholo fabric away, destroying its constructor in tho general ruin. " OUR mineral resourocs" form tho subject of a motion of whioh Mr. DONNELLY has givon notice for to-day in tho Legislative Assembly. The importance of securing a wiso policy in regard to the management of the mineral wealth of tho colony, cannot be denied. And without overlooking the wholesome tendency of vigilant jealousy against Government inter- ference with tho work of private enterprise, we can conceive that a commission of inquiry, in the hands of oxperioncod and impartial men, into tho stato of an interest whioh has suffered from ill-considered measures of control, may bo productive of muoh good. After the enthusiasm of tho first few years of Australian gold mining, the extrava- gant anticipations of wealth naturally excited by the. grand discovery hos given way to a depreciatory spirit. The general character- istics of a gold mining population, and the importance of thoir labours to tho publio welfare, have both boon most unjustly dis- paraged. And evils partly traceablo to faulty legislation, and to administrativo blunders, have been allowed to embarrass enterprise that might have been muoh moro beneficial to tho community than it has bcon hitherto. It is impossible now to plead laissez fairo in respoot to gold mining. The Legislature has erected a Mint, and imposed an export duty on gold. Spocial arrangements havo boon made for tho regulation of the gold mining community, and tho peculiarity of thoir position has been recognised in tho Elec- toral Act, whioh assigns thom three speoial representatives in tho Assombly. Nb general plea of tho impolioy of Govornmont doing work which proporly belongs to privato enter- prise, is in point hore. Tho Legislature is bound to look into tho working of its own onaotmonts, and tho way in whioh the Exo cutivo oxoroisos tho power it has conferred for the management of important interests. Tho motion of which Mr. DONNELLY 1MS givon notieo mukös no spcoißo mention of nny other minorais than gold. From tho position and antecedents of that gontloman, it may bo supposed that it was for tho sake of the gold-fields alono that ho was first induced to put tho motion on tho paper ; and it might bo woll to confino tho proposed inquiry to that branch of mining enterprise. As a subject of legislation and Government control, as woll as by tho peculiarities of its own nature, gold mining is as muoh apart from tho working of coal, copper, iron, and other minerals, as it is from pastoral and manufacturing enterprise. Tho reasons that chiefly oall for an inquiry into the working of tho gold-fields do not apply to othor minos, And in all probability tho as- sociation of suoh vory distinct branohes of in- quiry ns gold, iron, coal, and silver minos would tond moro to inorortBO tho expenso and (lol tty of tho work than to furnish useful infor uiauon. If reason should bo given for a com- mission of inquiry into tho working of any' other branch of mining, suoh .an .inquiry, can. bo Boparatoly made, There will bo onough for ono commission to do at once in making suoh uquiries into tho condition and prospecta of tho gold fields M muy supply to tue Legisla turo conclusive grounds for action in the matter. ' Tho different oxperienoo of Now South Wales and Viotorio in cold mining, points to tho conclusion that had greater facilities been given in this- colony for the proBOoution of this kind of enterprise, tho production of gold in New South Wales would now bo manifold what it is. Praotioal gold-minors have givon their opinion that in many cases gold-fields hare boen abandoned by all but a very few, without any disproof of tho exist- ence of a largo supply of gold. Individual minors have learned that thoy are far moro likely to succeed whoro they aro surrounded by many competitors, than where they have the field all to themselves, even though in tho latter oaso thoy be in tho neighbourhood of a greator abunaanao- of tho prooious metal. Tho comparativo fowness of tho gold miners in thiB colony is of itself quite enough to account for the yiold of gold boing so muoh loss hero than in Victoria., Thoro is nothing improbable in the supposition that tho gold deposits in Now South Wales aro as largo as those in Victoria. And, notwithstanding all drawbaoks, the stoady inoreaso in tho yearly produotion of gold sinco 185(3 is a satisfactory assurance of tho oxtont of this source of wealth. In 1855 the value of tho gold oxported from this colony was ¿£200,250. Tho next year thoro was a considerable decrease, £188,007 only being returned as tho value of tho export. In 1857 there was a sevenfold inorcose, tho valuo of the gold exported being .£983,800; and sudden as the rise was it has proved permanent. The next year there was a small inoreaso to £994,900. In two years more, in 1800, tho oxportrosoto £1,870,049, and in 1864 tho value of tho export was £2,952,471. If, as alleged, tho large class of colonists whose labours result in this substantial addition to the exports of the country are still subject to depressing influences, which it is in tho power of tho Legislature to remove or at least to modify, there is ample ground for a com- mission of inquiry. , Comparing tho results of gold mining with those of other important branches of industry, wo find that tho coal produoed in the colony in 18C4, was of tho valuo of £270,171, that is loss than one-tenth of the value of tho gold exported in that year. The wool exported in tho same yoar was nf tho value of £1,628,493, little more than half the value of the gold If wo add to the valuo of tho wool that of tho tallow, £100,664 ; hides and Icathor, £129,122 ; livo stook, £166,552 j and salt meat, £28,270, exported in the same yoar-. all theso products of the pastoral interest put together yielded but £2,058,091, or £898,880 loss than thc gold oxported. If then it can be shown-as it probably will be whon Mr. DONNELLY submits his motion to tho House-that tho department of industry whioh yields so muoh moro, in money value, than what has long been considered the great material interest of tho colony, is subject to disadvantages imposed by errors in legislation or administration, it will certainly bo tho duty of tho Parliament to take measures for the removal of those dis- advantages, in order that free scope may bo given for the development of gold mining in New South Wales Should the motion be carried, tho utility of tho inquiry will, of course, depend on the qualifications of tho persons named in the commission of inquiry. That commission ought to comprise soma practical miners and men of large experience m matters of publio economy. BsnTOASD's CASK.-WO aro informed that Mri. Bertrand has addressed a lotter to tho Attornoy-Gencral requesting aa Intorview, in order to be enabled to moko certain statements whioh sho belioved would have the effect of placing tho circumstances connected with her husband's conduct ia a moro favourable light. In reply to this communication of lira. Bertrand, Hr. Palmor, her step-father, yes- terday received a latter from the Attorney General's offlcc, stating that tho Prcmiorond the Colo- nial Socrotary would attend at tho oOico of tho latter this morning, at lialf-past nine o'clook, to hear any statement that Mrs. Bertrand may wish to make.-Ur. Salomons moved for, and obtained yesterday, in the Supreme Court, a rulo nisi, calling upon tho Crown to show cause why a new trial should not bo granted herein, on tho following grounds :-first. That tho prisoner's counsel had, in ofloot, been misled into not calling any witnesses for tbo defence, in the belief that tho Crown would not roplv. Secondly. That tho Judgo at tho second trial had improperly rea d over tba ovidoncoof the witnesses taken nt the first trial, in- stead of taking it anew. Third. That tho special caso, on which the .points wero raised, had not boen argued beforo tho four Judges. Fourth. Thai tho first jury was improperly discharged without delivering a verdict. MR. It. S. Ross.-Tho investigation into certain oharges of obtaining monoy undor falso pretoncos, brought against Hr. H. ». Ross, at Yass, havo terminated in his committal fay tho bench of that place. Tho oharges preferred against Hr. Boss are two in number: ono brought by Mr. Shipway, tailor, on account of a chcauo on tho City Basic, Sydnoy, where it was sworn tho defendant bad no funds, in payment for clothing sold ; tho other by Mr. Jackson, eaddlor, on account of a choquo, also on the City Bank, in pay mont for a saddle, 5¿o. Tho accused offered no défonce, and was committed for trial in oach case, at tho noxt Yass Quarter Sessions. Bail was allowod in both instances s dofondant in £100, and two surotios in £50 oaoh. Mr. Boss's conduct, in Bevoral rospoots, at Yass, was so extraordinary that it is reasonable to conoludo the excitement arising out of tho lato con- tested oloctloD, in whioh ho was an unsuccessful can- didato, has unhinged his mind. I Tnit PA ms EXHIBITION,-Tho following gontlomcn have boon added to tho committee for tho International Exhibition at Paris, in 1607, vis. : -Messrs. II. J. Want, G. IluRsoll, A. T. Holroyd, E. 8. Hill. Edward Flood, J. N. Oxley, and Kroffc. The offloo of Exooutivo Commissioner has boen offered to John Hay, Iieq., lato Spoakur of the Legislative Assombly, whose duty it will bo to presido at all th* meetings of the commission. The first mooting will take placo to-day, at tho Colonial Secretary's office, at 33 o'oloek. ST. PATMOU'H AUN VAL RBOATTA.-A mooting of tho committeo for carrying out the arrangements for tho obovo regatta, was bold at Punoh and M'Orath'a hotel, last avenías;) for tho purpose of receiving tho entrances for the grand handicap, and for regulating tho prizes of tho various races, and declaring tho wolghts for tho handicap, whioh sro as follows :-W. Hiokay, 7ö lbs.; R. Hiokoy, 15 lbs.) J. Donnolly, 26lbs.j J. Booker, 10 lbs. ; J. Connor, 6 lbs. ; P. Mulhall, S lbs. ; H. M'Oloar, foatber. WATIBMBN ANO STEAMBOATS,-Tho late fatal bout nod dont in tho harbour on Monday, fith instout, was conoludod yesterday, as will bo seen in another column It will bo obeorvea that this investigation has boon curried on with tho greatest CATO, us it nearly involvod a chargoof manslaughter against tho oaptsln«of tho Kombis steamor. Tho recommandation of tho jury is that arad wntormon who, Uko the unfortunate deooasod, had partially lost both sight and hearing, should no longer bo em- ployed in this capacity, and thoy furthor rocotnmondod that a man should be placed forward to koop a look out at all timos in steam vessels. We may add that a mora oompolcat jury for the purpose could not well havo been selected, and it is to bo hoped their recom- mendations may hayo weight with tho proper authori- ties. OTHOÍMU IIOUT» «» BHOLAITD.-La»t svonlng.tbo HOT. Dr. Lang gavo a second looturo upon tho "Over- land Route to England," boina; tho oonoludlng ooo upon that subjoot When ho ilollvored tho previous looturo about two months ago, tho Doctor stopped at* Adan, at tho oxtremity ot Arabia. In now rosumlng tho subject, tho Doo tor oommonood by saying that tho ooustry on both sidos ot the Bod Boa was tho most barron and dosolata on tho face of tho earth, and ho could not possibly sea what advantago Franco or - Kngland could havo In tho canal now hoing oonstruotod by M. da Lessons. Tho-town ot Suez, at tho hoad of. tho Gulf, was ono of tho most mlsomblo bo had ovor soon, and it waa a wondor. how 3000 pooplo, tho ' population of tho placo,, managod ,to exist. Thoro was nothing Ilka industry, vigour, or lifo in tho population, whioh plainly showod tho degrading influences ot Mohammedanism. Gommu I nication botweon Suez and Cairo, waa maintained by an I excellent railway, and tho passage genorally occupied from four to fivo hours. Cairo was a Saraconla city, and in its immodiato neighbourhood wara thoso Pyra- mids o£ Egypt so famous sinco tho times of tho Pharaohs. Ile arrived at Cairo at night, and had to re- sumo his journoy an hour afterwards, inordor to roach Aloxandria in time for tho stcamor. Although.,he orossod tho Nilo ho navor saw it, nor any portion of tho banks of that famous and fortilo. river. Alexandria, was founded by tho groat Aloxandor, and was at ono timo a famous emporium of oommorce, and tho «oat of tho highost civilisation. The celebrated Fathers Äthan I BBÍU8 and Origon had thoir dwelling places in that oity. During tho day ho stopped tliore, ho visited Pom- pey's Pillar, n column of granite, which was not erected by Pompey, but by a Governor of. Egypt, during tho reign of the infamous Domitian, ISO years after tho timo of Pompey, Ho also vistod Cleopatra's Ncodlo, another granito column, round whioh tho ground had rison several foot in tho course of centuries, lio in snooted balbra leaving, tho palaoo of tho Pasha, and in the af tornoon ombarked aboard tho third steamer sinco leaving Sydney, Unfortunately, ho had not timo to visit Jcruealom, for which purposo a party had been mado up intending to go by tho Austrian stoamor first to Joppa. Thoy roached the famous island of Malta in a. week after leaving Aloxandria. Thoro had boen a con- troversy amongst tho loarnod, as to whothor that was tho island upon which St Paul was shipwrecked, and Air. Smith, of Jordan Hill, had satisfied tho learned gonorally that Malta was tho island. Whilst tho ship was coaling ho visited- Valolta, the capital of Malta, and saw tho bull granted by Pope Pascal tho Second to tho Knights of St John of Jerusalem, in a glass-case, at tho armoury of Malta. After giving a succinct account of tho Crusaders, tho Doctor proceeded to say that in tho armoury ho saw tho very trumpot whioh soundod tho last rotroat of tho Knights of Rhodes from that island. Malta was givon to thoso Knights by Charles V, of Germany. There was also in tho armoury tho dood of gift of Matta and COOBO to tho Knights. Tho cathedral of tho Knights of Malta was ono of tho most splandid édifiera ho cad. ever soon so for as rogardod its interior. Tho most interesting part of tho island to him was tho armoury, an oblong hall of great extent attached to tho Palace of tho Grand Master of tho Order. Arranged along tho walls wcro tho armour and effigies of thoso kinghts, and he was struck at the smallness of tho coats of mail, which could not possibly have boan worn by mea of thoso d»ys. Ho judged from this that men had in* oroascd in stature, instead of having degenerated as somo peoplo avorred. These effigies wera arranged os if tho men wcro alive, and to each was attached tho nacio of tho knight and tho dato of his death-somo dated so far back as tho year 1200. During tho progress of tho first French revolution, tho then grand master, a Gor- man, voluntarily surrendered the island to tho Fronch Directory, but tho English afterwards seized it, though a Maltose told bim tho jooplo had surrendered tho island. The city of Valotta derivad ¡td nama from the second grand rn aster of tho Knights. About fifty years after tho Turks seized Constantinople, thoy sent aa army of GO.OOO mea to scizo Malta, but they wero defeated, by tho Knights, and tho Admiral of the Turkish licet was slain. Every defensible point of Valetta was strengthened by very strong fortifications, and its pos» session was considered of importance to England as a station for her men-of-war. From Malta, tho next point to which thoy Bleared was Gibraltar, with tho African Mountains on the left, and tho Sierra Novada, .or tho Snowy Mountains of Spain, on the right. Those who havo seen tho Frith of tho Clydo Uiver, or tho. Bass Rock, would bo reminded of Gibraltar, which, however, was mush largor than either. Ho regretted tho retention of Gibraltar by the English. It seemed to him as tho Straits of Gibraltar wore wide onough to allows vessels to pasa without ooming within gunshot of tho rock, that England could, havo no interest in rotaining it. As our' possession of it was a gnat oyosoro to Spain, ho had suggested, through tho press of this colony that, tho Quoon should hand it to her fair.oouein of Spain-Baying " Horn's tho rock that wo Btolo." Tho Spaniards felt as much agariaved at our holding that rock, as wo should do if they Fronch held Garden Island or Pinchgut Ho had noticed that Dr. Goldwln Smith had advocated tho samo idea. Gibraltar was inhabited chiefly by Spaniards, but England kept a garrison of from 10,000 to 20,000 men ibero. Leaving Gibraltar they steamed along the coast of Spain till thoy reached the Bay of Biscay, and from thenco to Southampton, having rando tba voyage' in fifty-Bix days. Tho routo overland, as compared with tho passago round Csp* Horn, was interesting in the highest.dcgrce. There was a movomont now going on to havo tho English mails carriod by our own vessels, and he thought it was high timo this should bo dono. He thought the/ had reason to be thakful that their lines had fallon in pleasant places and that they had a goodly heritage, for in many of tho countries he hod visited the peoplo were subject to much oppression and misrule, from which wo were altogothor free. After a few other remarks tho Doctor concluded his interesting lecturse amidst the applause of thc audience A voto of thanks terminated tho pto coedlngs. ELOCUTION.-It is announced in our advertising columns that Mr. T. P. Hill's Elocution Class for Îoung mon, will bo formed at his residence, Astor [ouse, MyWs-buildings (this ovoning) at soven o'clock. SYDSitr VoLUSTBin FIBB COMPAHY NO. 2.-Th» sbovo held their quarterly praotioe yesterday, ' at Waverley, with their two engines. Steam was got up to A pressure of COlbs. in mn« minutes on the Bloom fire ongino, and worked with the greatest precision ia. all dotails, boing afterwards worked up tô a lOOlbs. pressure. Tho small ongine, and the-whola of the hose, was nlso tested, and found in perfect working order, ' and after a substantial luncheon, tho mombors played a game of crickot for thrco hours, and thon returned to town, all hoing much gratified with tho days proceed- ings. Rsv. J. B. M'Ounr.B DIKSOT.VISO VIBWS,-Last ovoning tho Rev. J. B. M'Guro oxhlbitod forty-two new and original dissolving view, illustrative ot tho Plagito of London, tho Death of Charles II,, Seo., at tho School of Arts. Tho vlowe, which wore beautiful, wero explained by Mr. M'Guro as thoy wera exhibited Tho viows of Mrs. Gaunt her arrest and death by burning were really good. Th» attendance was not so good as might havo boen oxpected, but this may bo accounted for by tba number of other attractions at present iu Bydnoy. Mr. M'Guro will exhibit his view* again this (Tuesday) ovoning. . MUNICIPALITY* OP TIIH GLEHE.-A mooting: of th» council WOB hold in tho Council-ohamber, on Monday tho öth instant Presont-Tho Ctalrman, and Coun- cillors Gillard, Mansflold, Simpson, Munro, Pinhoy, and Blackot Tho minutos of the previous mooting having boon road and oonflrmod, tho Oliairman brouitht up tho reports of tho finance oommittcp, showing an oxpenai turo since the last mooting of £100 Os. ld. Tho cor- respondence waa thon read. A notlco of motion wag handed in by Councillor Pinhoy, and tho reports of tho finance committee woro adoptod, on tho motion ot Oounoillor i'inhoy, seconded by , Councillor Simpson. Tho council then wout into cominittco, on a motion by Oounoillor Blacket, socondod by Cpunoilur Munro, for tho purpose of estimating th« probable amount which, will bo required; for tho current muniolpnl year, for making and repair- ing roads, and to meot any other expenses necessary In carrying into offeot tho provisions o( tho Munloi politics Act of 1BC8, and on tho couudl resuming the chalrmnn roportod that tho amount required during tn« current municipal year, for woking roods,c.o,,hod been estimated at £¿000, and for lighting £400. , Coudoilior Blaokot then movod-That tho report brought up by Ihn oliairman, showing that tho probable amount re- quired to moot tho laponnes ot Üüa. monUij^i» during tho oui rent yoar, lins boon ostimalod ot; *2<tou, bo adoptod by tao. council, . Beoondod by Oounoillor Munro, and carriod. Tho.sovorel tenders for garbing and guttering, and for building* rotaining wall wet* thon examined, and tho following woro ncceptod ]~iD* tender of Mr. W. Cox, for korbTng,. &o;" af Ca, 8d por linial yard, and thatof.Mr. Q. iDano, for building ri Hüning wai] nt Xl ls, por parea. DiBTJUoT. (JOBBT.--The remainder of Ute undofendi caaos, from No. 1888 to No. 1714, will bo disposed i to-day, "BTUAM EHOINB BnioAsa PnAonoB,-Yoeterda tho membors of tho Insurance Companies Firo Brigad and of the Auxiliary Firo Society, held their usu. monthly prsotioo under tho superintendence of Mr. '. J. Bown. The men Btarted with the steam ac manual-powor ongino from tho Bathurst-strcot static at 0 a.m. Tboy wont round the town, and then droi off to tho Wntcrholo at tho bottom of the Rnndwk toll-bar. They wont throngh various evolution cloanod and -overhauled tho onginos,' and tried tl several jets. Tho steam-engine, tho ono whlo rendered ¡mell good sorvico at tho lalo fire lu Kin j street, thruw firo streams of wator at one time, abor. 70 feet high, and two streams of ¿tbs, 100 feat higl Tho praotice proved that tho engines woro in excollor -order, and flt for immodiato duty. Tho brigad Toturnod 'homo about 13 p.m. OvBBcnownED. STATS OF DARLitranussr GAOL. Tn .thodiscussion in tho Assomblylast week, whe tho estímate» for prisons wera under consideration, Mi Parkos described tho overcrowded et ato of Darlinglrun gaol, where there woro than 510 prisoners, being 13 beyond tho number for whom accommodation had beo provided. - Ho spoke, too, of the fear oxprossod by th visiting surgeon of the gool,1 that' a malignant Cove might oroak ont at nny moment, owing to theimpoE sibrfity of carrying out efficiently proper sanitary TCgu lotions. Sinco that spoeob, which croatcd somo aloro the Government havo earnestly considered the -subjeol and yesterday thoy iüsuoä an ordor that sixty rrrisonoi should, bo 'drafted from Darlinghurst to Gockatoc Parramatta, Berrima, and Goulburn gaols Tho r< moval of this number will bo a relief to all inauthorit, at Darlinghurst. RIFLE MATCH.-Tho following aro the scores of match botwoen St Leonards and No. 1 Companies whioh took placo on Saturday, at tho Paddington Rill RangoVr- . ....... ST. LEONARDS COMPANY. 300\. SOO.'COO Private Solomon ... ... IS 14 . 11-31 Private Monday ... ... 18 18 8-& Private Achison ... .... ll 8 12-8. Dr. Ward . 13 .11 -0-81 PrivàtoArthur , ... ... ll 0 13-21 Private O'Dwyer " ... ... 7 13 '6-2( Lieutenant Solomaa ... 0 0 . ¡9-2' Privato Rossiter ... ... fl '9 '7-2'. Sorgeant Byrno ... ... O 7 Ul-lt Corporal Moore ... ... ll .fl ' 3-11 Privato Gilfillan ... ... S 0 0-11 Private Lenthall ... ... 3 '3 4-1 201 ' ' THO. 1 OOKPABT. . 300\. COO. COO. Private Phillips, ... ... 12 ¡10 14-li Privato Wickham ... ... 12 12 14-Sf 'Privato .Slade. ... ... 8 17 11^-« -Ensign Hunt ... ... 18 ¡18 7-8! 'Private Finch . ll .18 0-8! Corporal Lord . .... ... ll 7 12-8C Privato W. Freeman ... 7 7 12-2< Sorgoant Gloso ... ... 8 0. 8-2£ Captain Raymond ... .... 10 , 7 7-24 Corporal Cooper ... . .,7 ll 0-24 Privato Roberts ... ... ll 3 0-2f Corporal Johnsen ;. ,7 5 G-1? Qi. Leonards Company ... 29Í No 1 wining bi SO points. PIUKCK OP* WALES TUKATBE-LHAULKT. - Thia magnificent tragody was again performed last evening boforo an appreciative* and nuraorous nudionco, although, strango to say, ovSh .Sholcaporo fails to attraot thatportion of our population . to whom " a feast of reason sad flow of soul," should bo regarded as a treat soldara to bo onioyod in so-comploto a manner os at tho present timo. Tho style inwhich " Hamlet" has been pat upon tho stage, as regards ecenory and appointments, thé platform scone being ono of Mr. W. J. Wilson's bent efforts, ia very' commendable indeed. Hr. Barry Sullivan has already earned for himself tho reputation ofJmng (with perhaps but ono exception) tho best Hamlet of tho present day. Ho has ovi dontly Btudiod'it most minutoly, and in some instanoes gives a reading of tho toxt, which bespeaks tho deepest reflection and a departure from tho usual pointing of the pootry. Forinstanoo, ho makes no pause after the words " Itoyab'Dsne" in the first scono with the ghost, as it is marked in tho copy and thus, if.possible, heightens the intensity of his appeal to tho apparition. In tho closet-scene ho was exceedingly fino, and the wonderful command ho hos over hie countonanco gavo tho highest effect to his by-play throughout the piaoe. In his delivery of tho speech to the players ho was very successful, and tho delivery of tho various noblo soli loquiog could ho surpassed only by but ono other man in the world. .'If thoro ls any fault to bo found with Hr. Sullivan's Harnlot at all, it is, perhaps, that of pre- senting the character tonal almoat too heavily; and although his grief was groat to bear, -otill his motives for revongo " would bear him stiffly up/' and force him I < to mero apparent liveliness ovon to -conceal his into» \- tiona. Tho grand scono of tho ploy was givon with t immense force, and tho climax attained with consum- mate ort and powor. As a matter of course, tho ap . plauso is fully in keeping with the greatness of the impersonation, and round after round of applause followed tho .actor's greatest "pointe." Tho Queen of Mrs. Robert Heir was well sustained throughout, and shs ably seconded Hr. Sullivan in tho more difficult scenes of the pieos, and several of them were marked with great and powerful efloct Mrs. Greville made a vcryj interest- ing Ophelia, and performed tho character with much truthfulness, singing most plaintively .land well; Mr. Robert Heir, as the ? Ghost, spoko tho lines very finely indeed, and by his deep toned periods, rendered his per- formance remarkably ofTeotive. Bis costume was appropriate and boautiful. Hr. Ireland, although Diviner tho words of the Kin? with correctness, amwamd to want earnestness and powor, whilo Mr. EiUgsral asLaortes, played hi« patt somewhat itoo forcibl although with understanding. Hr. Howard's Polonit causes him certainly to bo " accounted on actor and good ono too," and Mr. J. Welsh deltvorod tho speech of Marcellus with great-power and effect. Mr. Han mond'o Horatio was xot exactly what wo consider) perfection, and his appearance was by no means pr possessing, as the intimate friend of Hamlet. Tl attitude« of wrapt attention assumod by tbooo who ci the Ghost, was strikingly good, and added much to tt «ffoct of tho situations. Tho grave yard scene was ni ovordono'by Mr. Greville, and Mrs. Jones, Mr. Wols and Mr. P. Ede gare tbs raimio play scene vcr creditably, sa that the present performance of "^Hamlet may bo roeommonded co the patronago oftho publi upon tho hiebest grounds of excolloncensan intellectui treat of voryroro occurrence, and which all who profes wy love for tho works of tho Bard of Avon shout «iirtainly witness. - A GOOD ExtMrcc-On Wodnosday last wa paid ¡ Tsit to a sohool recently organised by Mr. Willinn Edwards, of -Couth Gundagai Tho schoolhouse i situated on ono of his farms, opposite hisresidonos, ant is commodiously, though roughly, fitted up with deaki And soats. The attendance varios from 15 to 02, aver Jiging about 20. Being tho children of tito surround' ing farmors and residents, many of tho scholars connel attend during tho day j and for thoir oonvenience, school is held in tho ovoning, thus affording thom an opportunity of placing themselves on a lovol, In their studies, with those who attend during the day. The teacher is woll âualiflod for his task.aud/from what wo saw during our lort visit, is eminently suited for the "labour of love" bo has undortakcu. Mr. Edwards has thus afforded a bright cxomplo of practical philanthropy, which will, wo hope bo productive of muoh good s as. under tho present defectivo systom of publio education, many of tho children would grow up in ignorance of tho blessings of education, and probably lead anything but n roputablo Ufo, woro it not for tho facility affordod thomby this Behool of learning tho difference between right and wrong, and thoir duty to society. There is a deficiency of books, maps, Ate., in tho school ; snd any donations in aid will, wo aro sure, I« thankfully rccoivnd olthar at tho school, or if loft at this office will bo forwarded. This school is tho only ono between Gundagai and Adelong; and. being in tho centre of a largo and increasing population, some immodiato stops ought to bo taken by thu inhabitants io havo a Behool established under ono of tbs educa- tional Boards, so that their children would havo a chance of becoming useful moinbere of sooioty,-Gun- dagai Herald. Ci.KiSAMOE (Hm, at Broomfield arni Whittler's Timber Turd Albion Whnrf.-Timber Merchants, Jlulldors, Bblnebandlors, .lid others, sra reminded of the Important Clearance Bair, tobe held Thia Afternoon, at alosare, Uroomileld and ' Whitaker's Timber Yard, Buesex-atreet, In coni«queti«e af those genUemeu relinquishing Uie butines*. . Bee advertisement. OIMOKMBS,-Messrs. I., li, Threlkeld and Co.'«. Sates This uaj, com]iriea tba cargo of Bogar, In »mall boers, ex St. Lan, from llourbon i and Ula Damaged portion nf Uta Cargo fof Tea, ax Hyacinth, from Koo Chow, Also, the usual assortment sf Orotcilts, Oilmen's Starts, Provisions, Fish, tien», «tc, 