NEW BILLS. Tuit more the Debenture Bill is con sidered the moro obnoxious it appears. It is thoroughly unconstitutional and the Ministry that proposed it deserves to be impeached. When an Income Tax is passed in England the number of pence per pound is carefully fixed. This is an essential principle in taxation that it should be certain not-indefinite. But by the Debenture Bill property is to be taxed aul lildih?u. Under it nineteen shillings and cloven pence three farthilngs could be taken from the colonists in one year, and next year another rate for the farthing fraction that would remain. This bill would mako property more insecure than under an Eastern despotism and capital would cease to increase. Wore such a law in force the ghost of responsibility would have vanished. Nothing but profoundiguorance aid impudence could have ventured to bring forward such a proposal. But nobody need bh surprised at the vagaries of the present Mlinistry. They took offico under the watchword retronclhment, ind they have increased the duties and (lxes and imposts, increased the nnnunl expenditure, and increased the public debt; while under their manipulation the publicrevenue has been steadily'declining. W\\\h't did Bncon say on the subject of taxation ? "Taxes and imposts do sel doin good to the King's revenueo, for that which he wins in the hundreds ho loseth in the shire; -the particular rates being increased but the total' 'iilk:of trading rather decreased." And this' is the exoperieuco of the Whyto.. Ministry. Never was there a more miserable failure in attempting to direct the affadirsof a country. The obligations are too onerous to "'bear and whoever ifiay' duccoeed to power will have to'reduce thb6 oxpendi Lure. Nothing else will turn' affairs into a right clhannel, and it will.tako years of suffering and inconvenience and lopres sion to wipe away the evils that have been inflicted upon the country by successive administrations. Burke says "Taxing is an easy business. Any projector can contrive now impositions; any bunglpr can add to the old. But is it altogether wise to' have no other bounds to your impositions than the ' patience of 'those who are . to bear them ?" Land in colonies will not bear assessment except for local pur poses. There are thousands of acres now assessed for road and police rates which have never yielded a fraction to the owners. There has boon every temp tation hold out'tb tako up waste land, and this measure would just result in,the on tire confiscation of it; 'and the robbery of those ?who have bdeen induced to invest their hard-earned gains in the uncleared and uncultivated soil.'? On constitutional grourids,'oinlirinciples of finance,,and for reasons of sound policy, this monstrous attempt to iuin the coloiy should be re sisted at all hazards. The .winding; up bill is one of. those pieces of complicated legislation that may be' necessary in a great country like England, but thoroughly unsuited to a state of society suich as now exists here. It is 'merely a specimen of that intor moeddling with matters by a government which has not brains to understand the operation of such a law in circumstances entirely dilfferonet to those which exist in the mother country. A law'is passed in England or a bill is proposed, anudclerks are set to make a fair copy; it is printed and placed before Parliament as one of those measures which have boon elabo rated out of the intelligence, 'wisdom; and judgment of the draughtsman durinig the recess ! There is no'necessity for such a thing. The' loss' G6vbrntni'o interforos with commercial- oporatiois' the better. The oldy reason wd'can c noivo for the bill is that the Ministers have dotermined to ruin'ovory interost in the country, and that there will have 'to:bo a :general winding-up. 