THE TARIFF AND THE COUNCIL. I FROM THE ARARAT ADVERTISER.] The rejection of the tariff by tho Upper House is a- step that cannot be regarded as wise by the sturdiest supporters of that Chamber, or by the most violent free traders. The complications which now hid fair to arise from the course that has been pursued promise to assume a very grave aspect. The affairs of the country appear to be getting in extricably entangled, and it is difficult to foresee the nature oi that enu oi which the present appears to be but the beginning.' It is singular that while honorable councillors professed willingness to pass tho tariff, with a slight alteration in the preamble, so as to avoid a very visionary interference with privileges, and while admitting that they would pass the gold export duty in a separate measure, they did not look more closely to the nrobablo results which mi'ht accrue from their rejection of the measure as it lay before them, so that they might weigh the ultimate consequences attaching to the two courses.. Clearly, if the Council are willing to pass tho repeal of the gold export duty as a separate measure, and if agreed as to the policy of passiug the tariff, with a vague alteration in tho preamble, their action is taken not with a view of preventing a legislation that might bft regarded as injurious to the country. No matter how closely tho arguments of the gen tlemen who spoke on Mr Fellows's motion on Tues day night be followed ; no matter with what open ness to conviction Mr Fellows's discussion of the subject be read, we regard it as impossible to find ono substantial argument on which the obstructive aotion of tho Council can be built. It is. said that the privileges of the Up per House have been endangered. Nothing has been shown in the arguments used to establish such a statement. It seems to us very like toying with the affairs of the country, and ignor ing the wishes of the people, to state as a reason for rejecting the bill that the civil list will be enaangerea snouia it aecome law. jDverynody knows that the civil list is amply protected by that portion of tho revenuo of the colony which is' inde pendent of the tariff, and if on these grounds the action bo taken, they appear to us both flimsy and unsatisfactory, and altogether insufficient to support the rejection. Tho Council have placed themselves in a very curious position, with the knowledge of the difficulties which would surround the political situation of this colony in pursuing the course taken on Tuesday night last ; they said we will vote for the repeal of tho export duty on gold in a separate form ; yet this question has been so fully discussed as to leave it a mutter of the merest speculation whether the duty can be considered. a royalty, with tho balance of public opinion decidedly inclining to the other view. Again we are informed that tho tariff will be passed if sent up with a. dif ferent preamble, tho preamble being objected to because of some vsguo meaning attacked, to it, which may be construed as interfering with tho pri vileges of the House ; and thu3, whilo. volunteering to pass all the important' portions of the measure, they raise the ghost of an obstruction by which the country must be thrown into inevitable confusion. This -state of thing3 uufortuEsjtely does not offer any prospect of a very speedy conclusion. The Upper Honse have taken spon themselves to fc^m a Ministry, and there cab, be no doubt but thov will suffer a humiliating defeat ; and although the Ministry will bn again reinstated, a considerable period must el.'djao^ before the affairs of til? coleay will be set 'ji fcarmopioos motion*, 