THE ATTITUDE OF THE UPPER BOUS li. I - ^ FROM THE MOUNT ALEXANDER MAIL, FEB. 17 ) It was reasonable to expect that the address in reply to His Excellency's speech, delivered at the opening of Parliament would not be adopted in the Legislative Council without amendment. The threadbare nature of the Viceregal pronunciamento was Buck as not only to disappoint the House, but also to engender an increased feeling of irritation against the Ministry, on account of the absence of all allusion to the most important matters in dispute between the two Chambers. Mr. Fellows, who moved the amendment, spoke the sentiments of the Council pretty plainly when he said that it was best to deal candidly with the Governor; to remind him of what had passed ; and to point out what had been omitted, as well as what had been wrongly stated in the speech. On the other band, Mr. Miller made no attempt to explain or justify the reticence of His Excellency, in respect of the illegal collection of duties, the appropriation of public moneys without the sanction of Parliament, and the sudden stop that was put to the arrangement with the London Chartered Bank, Alamor attempt to answer the simple statement of facts made by Mr. Fellows could not well be imagined. The discussion that arose out of this question was very important, because it gave the Upper House an early opportunity of declar- ing the line of conduct they intended to adopt in reference to the Appropriation and Tariff Bills, whenever those luckless measures may again come before them. The majority of the members are as staunch free traders as ever they were yet, in face of the unquestionably extensive demand throughout the country for protective duties, the Council are prepared to make no opposition to the tariff, provided it is sent to them in such a state OF to permit of their taking it into consideration. Thoroughly convinced though they are of the fallacies of protection, they are willing to bow to the expressed desire of the greatest number; to that now the Assembly have not even the ghost of an excuse for attempting to compel the Council to submission by another tack." The early declaration of these views by the Upper House has removed more than half the cause of dispute between the two Chambers, and there would at length seem to be every prospect of an amicable and constitutional adjustment of the quarrel- -so far, at least, as a return to the legal government of the country is concerned and more especially so as the Council have also been the first to initiate a reform of the constitution by reconstruct- ing their own chamber on a wider basis of representation. Of course, nothing that either House can now do will condone "grave offences against the laws that have been committed by the Ministry since the commencement of the crisis e, but we really think that matters have now arrived at such a point as to warrant the expectation that very moderate concessions by either side will be sufficient to restore that necessary harmony of action which has so long been interrupted. The Assembly after the statement made by the leader of the Opposition in the Upper House have got the question almost i nth ely in their own hands; and it will be their fault alone if they do not at once accept and act upon the conciliatory course which the other Chamber have marked out. Ministers are informed that they have only to submit the Appropriation Bill to insure its immediate sanction that if they send up a tariff in which the spirit of protection is carried even so far as to include pro- hibitive duties on breadstuffs?, the Council will agree to it in deference to the will of a majority of the people's representatives. Having, therefore, no reason to fear that the other Chamber will attempt to prevent the " people taxing themselves according to their own whim," there can be no necessity for resorting to any area tree in order to secure the passing of the tariff clauses. Thus, the imaginary difficulty out of which all this trouble has grown is now practically at an end and the questions of privilege, about which so much has been Enid, can hencefor- ward be debated without throwing the country into confusion, by withholding from Her Majesty the necessary supplies., The attitude which-the Upper House W Burned is in every way creditable in it, as a deliberative body, armed,afthcyAï argo powers of veto. For who lf ftV'ft have been utterly inconsistent foitheffiId tohaveagreedrto the address RSS? regal speech, withoutdiscussion1«JTI' mint, they have yet made that very neS" an occasion for holding out thoolL feet? to their fellow legislators " down a resT Appropriation Act once passed and >" it is sanctioned by law. there ought íohanodTftf culty in arranging the terms for the use of the Upper House. The Assembly "It be obliged to adopt the very advice, white ants Ministerial journals gave ¿ age that is. to round up their Annemarie r and Tariff Bills as separate mUW^SS was all that was asked at the time-built».8, stubbornly refused, and we all know 123" suits of that obBtinaey. °" thats 