ARRIVAL OF THE PANAMA MAIL. j ENGLISH NEWS TO 2ND JULY. j -.» By the Southern Cross from Melbourne on Friday, we have news brought to Sydney t by the Kuikoura on the 1st instant in detail. The dates are, London, July the 2nd ; New York, July the 11th; California, July the 10th ; Panama, July the 24th. LATEST WAR INTELLIGENCE. Horns News Office, Monday, July 2nd. We have given'abovedan account, founded on telegrams from Berlin, of decisive victories on the 27th and 28th June over the Austrians by the armies under'the command of the Prince Royal of Prussia and Prince Frederick Cüarlcs.j Now we publish the Vienna telegram, which claims for the Austrian army decisive victory on ¡both points. It is distinctly stated that the troops of the Prince Royal recrossed the frontier towards Glatz, that the army of Prince Frederick Charles retreated to Niemes, north-east of Tiernau and Munchengrntz, therefore nearer the Prussian frontier on that side, and that the junction of the Prussian armies was prevented. In a case where reprcsentationssocntirelyconflictingasthose of tlje Berlin and Vienna telegrams are made it is, of coursc.impossible tosayon which side the trutH lies. That one of them must be grossly deceiving the public is obvious, unless we are to suppose that the battle, wnicn lasted two days, remained unde- cided, and that each party, therefore, elaimed the victory. Not only does each side claim the vic- tory in the field, but the Berlin accounts state that the Prusiana took Munchengratz, while the Vienna accounts state that the Prussians were driven considerably to the north-east of that place. The following official despatch, dated Vienna, June 29th, 8.15 a.m., relates to the battles of June 28th : PARDUMTZ, June 29th. \-- The Prussians were yesterday completely de- feated by the Austrian force under General von Gablenz. Leaving behind 1,000 killed and wounded, they withdrew to Prussian territory towards Glatz. After occupying' Jicin yesterday, I the Pi ussians were attacked by the cavalry divi- sion of General von EdeLheim ; they were driven out of Jicin, and repulsed towards Tiernau. In consequence of this defeat, the Prussians last night evacuated Melnik, Druba, and Leip, and with- drew in great 'haste to Niemes. The Prussian losses by General von Edelshiem's attack were enormous. The strategic operation of the Aus- trian army wa» completely successful. The junction of Prince Frederick Charles with the army of Silesia was prevented. The Austrian loss in the battles of the last three days is esti- mated at nearly 2,000 killed and wounded., The Prussian loss is at least equal. VIENNA, July 1st. The first Austrian army corps and the Saxon corps were repulsed yesterday by the Prussians. In consequence of this repulse, the Austrian army fell bank in tbc direction of Kouigsgratz. \- The following official telegram, dated Prague, June 30th, was published in Vienna on July 1st. Engagements took place yesterday at Kost, near Turnan, and at Chwalkowitz, between ICililz and Kouigshof, in the district of Juug bunzlau, which resulted favorably to the Aus- trian!!. Bohmnisk and Kamuitz have been evacuated by the Prussians. The latter were also defeated, while flying from Fiicin, by the combined Austrian and Saxon forces. They left their dead aud wounded on the field. BERLIN, July 1st. The following official despatch lias been re- ceived from the head-quarters of the Crown Prince of Prussia : ' " The result of three days' fighting, in which the 5th Prussian corps has bceu engaged, cannot I be too highly estimated. On the 27th it was opposed by the 6th Austrian corps, under General R imming. A letter was found,uddresscd by the latter to General Benedek, in Josephstadt, which affords complete proof that the forces undtr his command were thoroughly exhausted. Ile therein requested General Benedek to send him two fresh '-¡rigades, in order that his troops might bivouac under their protection ; and acknowledged that they would not be able to fight on the fol- lowing day. The 5th Prussian corps was, there- fore, opposed on the 28th and 29th by the corps of tlte Archduke Leopold and General Testetics. The fighting on these two days extended over a much greater line than on the 27th. The Austrian corps under General Gablenz was completely broken up. Besides innumerable prisoners, twenty euns, five colors, and two standards, belonging to the corps of General Gablenz, fell into the bands of the Prussian troops." A great number oi workmen have left here for Dresden, to erect entrenchments. LAURAN, July 1st. It is announced that ' the total loss of the Austrian« up to the present is 20,000 men. THE BATTLES IN BOHEMIA. (From tho Baili) Telegraph, July 2nd.) VIENNA, June 29th, 8.15 p.m. The following official despatch relates to the battles of the 28th ¡nit. : (Official.) IitílCIIKNUERO, July 1st. The Prussian army in Bohemia is making victorious progress. The fifth and third divisions took Gitschin by storm on the 29tl| ult. The Prussian loss was not inconsiderable, the enemy's position being very strong. The loss sustained by the Austrians is estimated at about 4000 men. DEPARTURE OF TUB KING OF PRUSSIA FOR THE ARMY. BERLIN, June 30th. ' The King left here to-day, and will arrive to- morrow morning at Reiehenberg. His Majesty was most enthusiastically cheered by the crowds assembled in the streets from the palace to the railway station. Intelligence received here states that the Austrians have evacuated Oswiccin, MuLniusEN, June 30th. The King of Hanover left here to-day for Fraukfort. BERNE, June 30th. The Austrians have forced their way through the Tonale Pass into the Val Cumonica. BERLIN, July 1st. King Victor Emmanuel has sent a telegram to the King of Prussia, congratulating His Majesty upon the recent success of the Prussian arms, (i'rom tho Daily Telegraph spoclal correspondent with the Prussiuu army.) REICKENBERG, June 2-ttli. At last we have entered Bohemia. As fur as and defiling before Prince Frederick Charles and his suite they fill the air with never-ending accla- mations and snatches of song-" Ich bin ein Preusse," " Oh du Deutschland, ich must mar schiren," " Hinaus in die ferne mit lautem hornerklang," mid so forth. The strophe " Der freiueite hauch geht machtig durch die welt" is still ringing in my ears. To put the finishing touch to this splendid martial spectacle, behold facing us the simply, grand and majestic line of mountain, standing out in sharply-defined outline against the clear sunny sky. The Prince now spurs from column to column, now suddenly pulls up and anxiously scans, with the help of the telescope and map, the range of country before us The Prince's head-quarters are for the time being-probably only for a day-at Schloss Harfenstein, the property of the general of the army confronting us, Clam Gallos. Perhaps the name is a good omen for un ; for, from the era of the thirty years' war down to the prcscut time, a Clam Gallas has never won a battle. All the generals of this race have been called by the Viennese the " Heertrommel"-drums of the regiment-because they were only heard of when beaten. But to be sure Graf Gondrecourt com- mands under Clam Gallas, and he is a bold man of iron. The troops are now bivouacking on an eminence. Out of the midst of the soldiers camp- ing round the fires towers a horrible statue that of St. Nepomuck. Artillery, baggage trains, cavalry, infantry .repose in marching order,partly in the streets and partly in the open places.Arms, cloaks, baggage, are piled np in pyramids ; horses tied in pairs, guns and carriages are drawn up in long rows. In spite of the enormous fatigues of the march, the troops are in capital spirits, mak- ing the hills resound to their singing and shout- ing. An hour ago single shots were beard at a distance. Now we know what they meant, for at the moment I am writing they are bringing in our first prisoners, two Radetsky hussars, magnificent fellows, with handsome clear-cat features ' and a dark defiant expression. While the prisoners are being led to the rear to head-quarters, and the skirmish of horse is going on in the distance, the sky has become gradually overcast ; and now the rain pours in torrents, visibly swelling the Neisse with between whiles flashes of lightning and claps' of thunder. The troops are lying under the canopy of heaven, and- in the mud. Every fire is extinguished ; nevertheless the sounds of laughter, spirit-stirring song, or round oath, are beard above the noise of the rain, the rushing of: the Neisse, and the the crash of thunder. Last night, during the whole march from Zittau; to Reichenberg,alarms were constantly sounded-' what for, I am unable to say. To-day, too, the troops have been repeatedly alarmed. They believed and hoped that they should nt last get sight of the rear-guard of the enemy ; a vain hope. It is possible that while wa are pressing forward without halting, Benedek, with the main army, will throw himself on the Crown Prince, only leaving a few divisions to confront as in order to divert our attack on the enemy's flank. As yet our soldiers have been as well received is one can expect in an enemy's country. Reichen-' berg is swarming with bodies of tropps marching into the town, and encamping.' The 35tb and'60th (the Zouaves of the army),* the 24th aDd 64th (the victors at Alaen), in spite of their diminutive 'figures, strike the beholder wherever they go by their btisk, bold, and mar- tial appearance. One may see with half an eye that they have already smelt powder. And how the splendid fellows glory in the prospect of1-a' rough tussle with an enemy superior in numbers I The Pomeranians form a striking contrast to the lithe, supple Brandenburgers. One gives these heavy, broad-shouldered fellows credit-even before proof-for being men to be relied on to the death. We know for certain that they too, like their forefathers in the, War of Liberation, can handle a gun or bayonet. Their assault in a body must be tremendous-I should say irresistible ; but whether, like the ''Branden- burgers, they can fight singly, or whether their officers dare leave them to themselves for a moment, has yet to be proved. The East Prus- sians are also u line set. You only need look at them to know that they will never fly. Reichen- berg is a highly interesting town, in a lovely country, surrounded by wooded heights. All eyes are turned to the hills lying cpposite,bchind which the presence of the enemy is suspected. The grand range of hills in the distance now dis- appears in clouds of rain and mist, now mysterious and ghost-like it rears its head from out the moving masses of vapor. Behind the hills lie the famous battlefields of Ziska, the Prokops of the Thirty and of the Seven Years' Wars. The ap- pearance of the distant hills grows more threat- ening. The mists roll together in heavy compact masses, and settle on the mountain tops,sbroudiiig them from our view. Thitherward lies our line of march. What awaits us there? I shall probably write my next letter during and after the first engagement which will herald in the first great battle. " Both parties claim the victory." It is curious to observe with what vehemence the North and the South German organs alike persist in assert- ing, and rejoicing at, the glorious victories gained respectively by the Prussians and the Austrians in Bohemia. The same journals hurl at each other charges of falsifying reports and telegrams, forging documents, &c.; ; whilst the Prussian and the Austrian armies are severally represented by the organs of their opponents as not much heiter than a gang of robbers and murderers, badly elad and miserably fed, with all sorts of illness deci- mating their ranks. It is difficult to form an opinion as to who is most to blame for such ex- aggerations, but the truth is generally to be got at by comparing the several statements, and waiting for continuation of one-sided assertions, meanwhile merely giving them for what they'are worth. ,, According' to the Neue Frankfurter Zeitung, the Prussians have ¡been beaten back, not In one but in three different places, in Bohemia and Galacia, and the result; of these victories ii compared to that of three simultaneous de« cisive defeats suffered by Napoleon' in 1813, which'led up to the decisive battle of Leipsic. The Saxon army is said to ' have behaved with great bravery m these last encounters'; and it in expected that the Bavarians and the '8th Federal Army Corps will also soon show what the German army can do againBt the Sonderbundler. The paper even goes so far as to advise the King of Prussia to follow the example of Charles Albert after the battle of Novara, and abdicate in the interest of the coun- try,so as to enable it to obtain a more favourable peace than it will be possible to get when Austria and Germany have been compelled to make still greater sacrifices for the restoration of tile Bund. However, the qualifying remark is added, that this is only a wish, the fulfilment of which they dare not hope for. The semi-official Norddeutsche Allcgermeine Zeitung has the following :-" The opponents of Prussia are attempting to disseminate through the foreign press the invention that Prussia In- tends annexing Hanover mid Electoral Hesse. They must have forgotten that Prussia for many weeks has made untiring exertions to bring about the establishment oi'a German Parliament, and that the Prussian fundamental proposal for the formation of a new Bund in no way interferes with the independence of the German States." The same paper talks, however, in another ar- ticle of .the Hanoverian Government of King George and his Minister as the " former llano varían Government," which expression is re» peated several times, and looks rather Qtp.ln.qui., The Bavarian Government have vainly tried tQ qbtnjti a loin in Paris and elsewhere, and it it now stated that the; National Bank of Austria hat come to the rescue with a considerable advance iu ready cash, which was probably lying idle in the coffers, OB no more specie payments are made by the bank. Tlie terms are understood, to be anything but easy. In the Grand Duchy of Baden, which wa» last in deciding upon mobilisation, am} joining thp Austro-Fodcrajs, thçy ure now 'Baking up for tt)S Jnat time, find arming with all possible speod. The1 troops, will join the 8th Federal Army Corps, tinder Prince Alexander of Hesse. A letter from Baden in the Neue Frankfurter Zeitung warns against the danger of allowing the Ultramontane party to deliver up the country altogether to Austria, which would bens bad at getting into the hands of the " Great Prussian" party, 'flic writer winds up with "God save Uf from both, and give Germany the victory¡" The Elector of Hesse Cassel,wl)o is.'" paying'' a,t Stettin, has the privilege of removing to Königs? berg if, on account of tho oholcra or other reasons, ho should desire to do BO. the Castle of Stettin, where be resides, was formerly the residence of the Duke? of Pomerania, the last of whom was Boguslaw XIV., who died in 1637. It lias before been used as a kind of state prison. Tlie Governments still represented ut Frank- fort have determined that the Government of Electoral Hesse is to be carried on in the nama of the Elector by a commissioner. The Federal troips arc to act in coujunctiqn with the army oi Field-Marshal Benedet: according to a joint plan of operations. It is said that all the Austro Federal troops arc to wear the badge with the Geniuu colours. The Duke oí Coburg about six or eight weekt ago took the precaution of selling his large family property, Gnenburg, in Upper Austria, to hu cousin, Duke Augustus, in Vienna. The Chamber of Representatives of Coburg Gotha have agreed to the proposal for a union with Prussia, and declared that the German Con- federation is to be considered as disrolved. They imve also voted the credit demanded by the Government to place the Gotha contingent on a war footing, and to mobilise the same. The free city of Lubeck Ins agreed to ths Prussiun proposals for the formation of a ne« German Confederation, and promised that its contingent shall in no way be used against Prussia. The senate of Hamburg has also voted the adoption of the proposal, but declined placing iti contingent at the disposal of Prussia. Bremen leaves its contingent in connection with the Olden- burg army. .Brunswick wishes to remain neutral. The Federal contingents of the Prussian allies in North Germany, with the Prussian Landwehr of the second ban and part of the reserve, are to be formed into two new reserve corps of the Prussian army. In some organs of the German press it has been repeatedly stated that proposals for peace has been made by Austria at Berlin, through special confidential agenta. According to these rumors Prusia was to have all Hohenzollern, and part of former Austrian possessions, now divided between Baden, Wurtemberg,and Bavaria. On'thc other hand, it is stated that Herr von Sydow, formerly Prussian representative at the German Diet, bss, during the last few days, been twice1 called to the King of Prussia, and it is asserted that an im- portant mission to the Emperor of Austria was to be confided to him He did not accept it. Herr von Sydow is reported to be in favor of the main- tenance of the Confederation. Some of the guns and war materiel taken at Slade have already arrived at Flensburgb, Ia Schleswig. ' The Holstein Verordnungsblatt contains an official notification that young men- liable to «bt conscription cannot obtain the usual permits to leave the country and stay abroad, except under the special authority of the Oberprasident. iiTlic Hanoverian army that surrendered to the Prussians consisted of eighteen battalions of in- fantry snd a battalion of chasseurs, one Hauhifz battery, two batteries of 12-pounders, and three batteries of 4-pounders, six regiments of cavalry, hussars, cuirassiers, and dragoons. An Austrian officer of high rank is said to have been in corn Thé following official report has been received in Berne from the head- quarters of Colonel von Salis, at Santa Maria, on the the Valteline fron- tier:- < « SANTA MAHIA, June 26th. "Information arrived here states that the 4th Canonnière in the Stelvio Pass is occupied by three companies of Austrian Kaiserjagers. A force of from 1,500 to 2,000 cavalry and artillery ne a little distance in the rear. The thunder of cannon was hea'd this morning at Santa Maria, Munster, and Täufers. Bavarian troops are ex pectedatMals." BTO'June 30th. The following despatch has been received here from His Royal Highness the Crown Prince: " REINERZ, June 27th. . "I have most respectfully to report to your Maiesty as follows,upon the events of to-day :-? «On the afternoon of the 26th General von Steinmetz had pushed forward his vanguard, under Major-General von Lewenfeldt, towards Naehod. After a short engagement, the latter got Srsses'sioVof the pass which was abandoned by the Austrians, with a loss of eighteen killed. The vsDRuard threw out skirmishers in the direction of Skalitz. ,. . ., i .' At half-past nine this morning the vanguard was sharply attacked by two brigades of the 6th Auatrian corps, well provided with artillery, and ¿lowed byP» thirif brigade as support. The ftince Helstein's heavy cavalry division at, the same time appeared upon the field. By the efforts of the vanguard, which withdrew slow y skirmishing, time was gained for the main body of the corps to emerge from the pass and reach the heights immediately in front. At this moment I came up in good time from Blaunau. As the Troops arriveel they were immediate y thrown forward to hold the nearest heights, the Kirch bach division to the right andtheLowenfeldt division to the left. The entire artillery, 90 guns, was brou'ht up into the line of battle, to meet which the enemy wasreinforcedby the last brigade of the 6th Corps and preserve artillery. The ad- vance of the enemy was soon checked.and as soon as our corps, strengthened by an infantry regi- ment and reserve, had taken up its position, we were enabled energetically to assume the offen .!... Th«. hostile Punce Solm's Cuirassier Brigade was defeated by a brilliant charge of the I l«t Uhlans and 8th Dragoons, under General von I Wnuck, after a desperate hand-to-hand combat. Each regiment captured a hostile standard. General von Wnuck, General von Treshaw, and Lieutenant-Colonel von Wichmann, the com- manders of both regiments, received houorable wound*.' " The infantry, whose fire had been of ad- mirable effect, attacked at various points with the bayonet, and took possession of the advanced woodland and surrounding ground. lu these operations the flag of the 3rd Deutschmeister battalion fell into our hands. "Towards"three p.m., all the enemy's troops were,in retreat followed up by the fire of our artillery. One detachment of the 1st Uhlans succeeded in capturing two guns ; three others were abandoned in the hasty retreat. The cavalry, supported by some of the infantry, en- gaged iii temporary pursuit, while the brigade of tbe 6th Corps that came up towards evening undertook the vanguard. I returned to Nachod tbout six o'clock, after I had seen almost all the troops that had been engaged upon the field, and thanked them in your Majesty's name. " The battle of to-day is an honour to General von Steinmetz and the 5th Army Corps. I can- not sufficiently praise the extraordinary coolness of the young troops. All arms have vied most gloriously in the discharge of their duty. The needle gun effected considerable slaughter, and caused the failure of all the enemy's attacks, which were undertaken with great rapidity. The artillery displayed rare power of endurance in , lace of the hostile fire, at first greatly superior, and the cavalry showed itself more than a match for the so-much vaunted Austrian horse. Upon the Austrian side, twenty-eigbt battalions were uuder- fire, from all of which prisoners have fallen into our hands. The 5th Corps, on the other hand, had only twenty-two battalions to oppose j to this force, and of these the troops kept in re- serve only came under the fire of grenades. The bl lilian t success of the day has been purchased with comparatively slight loss. From all I have Ken I estimate it at from 500 to 600 men, among whom are a very considerable number of our brave officers. In aJdition to those already men- tioned among the superior grades, I have to report Major von Natzmer, of the 8th Dragoons, killed ; Major General von Ollech and Colonel von "Walther, commander of the 46th Regiment, wounded. The enemy's loss is, on the other bind,'very large. Over 2,000 prisoners are in our hands. His dead lay in many places in heaps, so that I estimate his total loss at over 4,000 men. " The trophies taken were the above-mentioned five guns, one flag, and two standards. I shall not fail to forward to your Majesty, as soon 'as possible, further details and a special list of losses, together with the names of those who had the opportunity of especially distinguishing them- selves; *' FREDERICK WIIXIAM, Crown Prince, " General of Infantry and Commandcr-in Chief of the 2nd Army." , ' The following official despatch refers briefly toi the events of the ensuing day :- ' ' '] ' "BRESIAU, June 29th. ' f! J have to announce to your Majesty a second jjctorytipnn the 28th, more hotly contested and more sanguinary than upon the 27th. Great loss ni officers' and men, though that of the enemy .decidedly gre'&tef.; £|ome trophies have been again, taken, but the number is still uncertain. Nuiaerops prisoners'baye been made. Skalitzis In my hands. An order of Bcnedek's shows that I wat opposed to-day by the Archduke l¡eoppld, with the 6th and 8tli Corps. After battles my troops are full of courage and enthusiasm break- ing out into loud cheers. "STEWMRTZ." King William delivered the following speech to the-people who brought him an address yes i tfrday evening: J .' I' know your patriotism comes from the heart, ind it is therefore grateful to mine. God has given our vaillant annies the victory, but this is only the beginning ; a difficult task remains still to be accomplished. As victory has always at teuded our banners, with God's help, the future will be ours also. With this I go to the army to-morrow. Up, then, with God for Kin« and Fatherland 1" (lis Majesty uttered the last sentence in a loud Îoicç, standing with bared head, and holding, his elraet m hjs uplifted hand. 'CONFLICTS BETWEEN TnE PRUSSIANS ] AND AUSTRIAN«. . (From tho Home Hews, July ¡?nd.) ' Marshal Benedek's movements were unknown until his troops came in front of the enemy, and fien carne the first encounter between the Aus- burn and the Prussians in a great battle, fought on Austrian ground, between Josephstadt and the frontier of Silesia. The Prussians were com mindedbythe Crown Prince. The various accounts , received by telegraph made it uncertain at what I point the Crown Prince intended seriously to invade the Austrian territory. The Prussians were . heard of at Oderberg and Oswecin, at the extreme .outh-east of Silesia ; they were in pcsicssiou of Quemante} and Fricdberir,havingcro9sed the fron- tier opposite Neisse, and they wercalso operating lurther to the north-west. The centre of the Austrian line is supposed to have extended ,from about Turnan to Josephstadt; and it is with the wiin body of Benedek's anny that the Prussians kvc leen engaged in this the first'German I battle of the war. The troops engaged advanced p through Nachod and Neustadt to Skaliez, which » «itlim ten miles of Josephstadt, and here, we may suppose, they were met by the Austrians in '"ree. Ihe battle began at ten o'clock on the morning of the 27th June, and lasted till six in the evening. The Prussians were repulsed from skalier, the Austrian eovalry taking part in the »tuon ; and the Prussians were at the close of the day, according to the Austrian telegraphic despatch, ¡n full retreat, leaving their dead and »ounded on the field. The Prussian despatches "are to the effect that, on »he 28th June, the 3rd defeated the JOth Amtrisn Army Corps, under General Gablenz, .«M au,obstinate engagement, in which the Auitrian» lost several thousand prisoners, .everal field-pieces, and a large quantity « materiel. The Austrian loss in killed »na Wounded is placed at between 3,000 »nil 4,000. On the same day, Prince Frederick huirles, in junction wlt|, General Bitterlich!, «ptiired Munchengratz, after a successful en-, Wement with the, enemy, in which he took 800) <-* . > ' i / i. l prisoners. The Austrians retired to Furstenbruck 'with the loss of 2,000 men. Theee 'encounters prove that the Prussians had advanced consider- ably beyond the frontier. Furstenbruck, to which the Austrians are said to have retired, is some twenty-five or thirty miles from the frontier, on the direct road to Prague, and we may conclude that the main body of the Prussian army had so far found the way open to it in its invasion of the Austrian territory. " But it is not in this line alone that the Prussians are advancing.' What- ever may have been the result of the battle of the 27th, at Skaliez,'the Prussians appear to be still in full force between the Silesian frontier and Josephstadt. The Prussian Fifth Corps, which is said to have been so successful against the Aus- trians in tue'batlle of the 27th,was again opposed, on the 28tht to the Sixth and Eighth Austrian Corps, under the Archduke Leopold, and 'ii re- ported to have gainei'signal advantages over it. The Moniteur of June 29th publishes intelli- gence from Berlin, dated the 28th, announcing that iii a fresh engagement between the Prussians and the Austrians, near TrauteuJii, the former captured ten guns and took many prisoners. The Austrians were compelled to fall back. The same paper also publishes an account of an engagement between the Hanoverians and Prussians, near Langensalza, which it states to have been without .result. The Prussians lost two guns. A Berlin i telegram of June 29th announces tlie 'surrender of the Hanoverian army, consisting of upwards of 20,000 men. It is further stated that " the King and Crown Prir.ce of Hanover, and the officers of the Hanoverian army, have pledged their word not to fight against Prussia during the present ,war. By the terms of the surrender, the Hano- verian oliiccrs retained tlieir side arms, and the men were disarmed and sent to their'homes. The war material was given up to the Prussians." About 5,000 Austrian prisoners from Nachod, ,and 3,000 from Trautenau, are reported to have i' been sent on June 29th, to Posen. , . ,i , - < t v ' A telegram from Frankfort announces that the whole Federal Army has set out upon the march, and that an early engagement is expected. All the news 'we nave of the war in Italy is that Garabaldi is at the Lake Idro, and that the Aus- trians have entered Valcamonica, and arrived at Vezzia. - -- - . ~ . According to a Florence telegrsm of June 29th (evening), the Italian troops were taking up Eositious on the Ojlio. The movement was eing effected with perfect order, and the army was in excellent health and spirits. The Aus- trians had not attempted to cross the Mincio. FRANCE. There is little news from France. The pro- gress of event3in Germany engrosses the attention ) of all to the exclusion cf all things. The ordinary budget has passed through the Corps Législatif by a large majority. 'All attempts to open discussion on the present state of affairs in Italy and 'Germany ia vocifer- ously and overbearingly put down by the Government's adherents. It is said the Emperor has ordered that no discussion shall take place at present. It is believed that negotiations are going on with great seçresy bet ween' France and Austria, with the object of producing a rapprochment between the Governments: that may lead to a definite understanding, and eventually to an al- liance between them. ' The channel by which the negotiations are conducted is kept strictly secret. It is probable that Count Mnlinen on the'part of Austria, and Count de Mor bourg on that of France, are as well acquainted with its progresa as any others. French sympathies are with Austria. Official despatches from Vienna, received since Saturday, give a very different version of the state of affairs at the scat of war than the telegrams received from Prussian sources. It is difficult to decide positively where statements are so conflicting, but as the Austrian reports are clear and avoid of all boasting, truth seems to be on their side. We may probably rely on the course of events as under-That General Von Gablerz defeated the Prussians at Trautenau on the 28th, and that in con«cquence'of this defeat they fell back over the frontier, leaving behind killed and wounded, and that thereby the junction of the army of Silesia with Prince Charles, was prevented. It is also stated that the Prussians occupied Gitschin, and that they were attacked there by the cavalry of General Von Edelshcim and driven back'towards Turnau. In consequence of this defeat the Prussians evacuated Melnik, Dauba, and Lei pa, and hastly retreated to Niemes. On the'30th an engagement took place between the Prussians and the first Austrian Army Corp3 and the Saxon Corps. The Austrians were repulsed and fell back towards Kouigsgratz. On the 30th the King of Prussia left Berlin to put himself at the head of the army. The session of the French Legislative Corps was closed on the 30th. The Patrie denies a report, which has been prevalent, that orders have been given for arming the squadron lying in the port of Toulon. A telegram from Constantinople announces that a loan of two millions sterling has been con- tracted" by the Porte with Messrs. Oppenheim and the Société Generale, to meet the July dividend. , - -ti1 The' weather for the fortnight has been exces- sively hot.' ' During the last two 'days * some severe thunderstorms have taken> place. ' ' ( ( THE WAR IN,ITALY. " j (From tho spocial, Correspondent ofd tho Daily Tehgiaph). _ . _ .i. ti * » '? FLOREKCB,'June26th. i This morning brings us very little fresh intel- ligence from the seat of war. Late lait night there was a report in the city that the Italians had won a great victory, and had taken Pescbiera. | I was sitting in Vicusseux's reading-rooms, so well known to all Anglo-Italians, when I was startled by the somewhat unusual sound oi cheering in the streets. I went out, and found a large crowd assembled before the palace of the Syndic, who were all shouting that Pescbiera was taken, and who kept np a sort of running fire of hand-clapping when anybody repeated the intelligence. I knew that the thing wa9, impro- bable, not to say impossible, because up, to five o'clock no news ot any kind had been received at the Government offices ; but even sensible, Flo- rentines, whom I recognised amongst the crowd, were so excited it wa« useless to argue with them. In fact, the reaction from the paiuful impression created by the morning's news had for the mo- ment overpowered their reasoning faculties. No- body could tell from what source the information was derived ; but everybody was certain that everybodyelse was well informed.Flags were hung out ; strangers shook hands with each other in the streets ; for about an hour Florence was be- side herself. The faculty of sifting information for oneself is not strongly developed amidst the Italians. Considering that till within the last seven vears they have lived under a paternal Government, whose chief object was ,to prevent their subjects from exercising their own minds, it would be odd if this were not the case. I a.n not blaming the Italians for their want of accuracy ; I am only stating a fact that anybody who has ever had any dealings with them in business matters will be sure to corroborate. There never was a country in which unauthentic rumors were more certain to gain currency in a time of war than in Italy ; and this inevitable readiness to accept any idle report as gospel is ex- aggerated by the rigid exclusion of all indepen- dent reporters from the Italian camp. It is all very well for the Government authorities to declare that their official bulletins convey the whole truth ; but no nation, and above all no suspicious nation like the Italian, can be expoot ed to place implicit credence in the veracity of Government bulletins. This morning an edict has been issued by the municipality, announcing that severe punishment will be inflicted on the wilful propagators oí false rumours ; but this edict will certainly not stop the spread of idle reports. No doubt there are great advantages in keeping.all military move- ments secret, but, then there are great advantages also in the support given by popular enthusiasm, and it is very difficult to combine these opposite advantages. Up to the present the enthusiasm with which the outbreak of war was greeted continues unabated, and if the campaign should prove, as seems nrobable,to be along and arduous one, publicity will be found necessary to' sustain the spirits and energies of the nation. Meanwhile, the manner in winch tins nrst reverse has been borne is encouraging for the prospects of the nation. There is no sign of discouragement visible anywhere ¡ no doubt is entertained of the ultimate triumph of the national cause. The common impression amongst well informed persons here is that fie battle of Sunday was a mistake. The siege of the Quad teral is not supposed to have formed part of -thesampaign ; and yet, unless there was some reason of capturing Peschlera, it is difficult to imagine why the Italian army should have at- tempted to occupy a position between Pcschiera and Vcroua. It is surmised, therefore, that the passage of the Mincio was undertake!! rather as ' a ' political demonstration, than as part of a serious attack' against the1- Quad- rilatéral. . > According . to ibis t theory, ? : the ,? .'I C1 i ' [¡first corps were sent out to reconnoitre i,tlie position of the enemy. Owiiig, however, I to the ardour of the troops, mid their j desire to win a victory on the anniversary of Sol- ferino, they advanced too far, and got' engaged in a battle which was not designed. Such is the explanation which I have heard given to-day, from a good source of information. To-morrow 'I hope to write to you from some place nearer the scene of action. JÏEAD-QUARTEB8 OP THE ITVLIAN ABMY. JUNE 30TH (EVENING). ' The enemy's patrols make frequent recon- naissances on the right bank of, the Mincio. They 'are watched by our, cavalry patrols. Four squad- rons of Austrian hussars had advanced on Italian territory ' to the rightof the Mincio,but¡tliey were encountered by the 3rd squadron of, the Foggia Lancers, and compelled to retreat to Goito and Rivalta. {> > , ', , , The Austrians lost several killed, including one officer, and several prisoners! ( Amongst the ¡wounded on the Italian side were, a captain and a lieutenant. i 11 i , v . , 1/' ' 'LATEST FROM AMERICA.' ' (From tho special Correspondent of the Panama Star j _ ' / , i j. and lia aid J , < . ' NEW YORK, 11th July. ' j A fearful conflagration occurred at Portland, Me , on the 4th instant, caused by a boy 'thrbw ing't lighted firc-cràcker among some shavings.' One-half of the city was destroyed, nearly all the business portion being included. All the" banks, dry good stores,- jewellery establishments, tele- graph offices, eight churches, and other public buildings were burnt to the ground. The wind was blowing a gale at the time the fire commenced,1 and caused the ñames to spread with the greatest fury, sweeping ruin, destruction, and desolation everywhere. Over fifty buildings were blown up, in the hope of making a space between the fire and the other buildings, but 'the effort was useless. It is estimated that about 2,000 build- ings were destroyed, involving a loss of ¿ten million dollars. Two thousand families were rendered houseless, losing nearly every r valuable they bad possessed, and are now dependent on the generosity of those who were fortunate enough to escape the sweeping disaster Two thousand tents for shelter to the houseless were forwarded by the United States authorities from Boston, and the peopleof all the cities throughout the Union are tusily employed in forwarding supplies of clothing' bnd provisions, and raising funds for the relief of ahe thousands of sufferers, many of whom have been bereft by this awful visitation of everything thev possessed on earth. Á destructive fire also occurred in the oil regions of Pennsylvania,, near'Louisville, on the" 7th. Eighteen or twenty wells 01 Bennehoff Run were burned up, and about 20,000 barrels of oil were destroyed. There were also twenty or' thirty derricks destroyed, erected at wells not yet completed/ The loss is very heavy. , NEW YORK, July 10th. It was hoped that before this Congres* would have adjourned and given the country a resting spell from the vexatious and annoying and dis- turbing legislation of its members ; but alas I no such thought appears to be entertained by them. They'arc now engaged in concocting a tariff, making the duties on a large number of articles excessive, so as to fetter the commerce of the country, and this tariff they will probably adopt before tiley do adjouin. The weather at Wash- ington, happily, for several days past has been extremely hot, the mercury making one hundred degrees in the shade, and under the effects of the heat, which completely wilted several of our reverend senators and anything but grave re- presentatives, everybody was consoling himself with the belief that they would be driven away to the shady retreats of their homes. This, howaver, does not seem likely to be realised just yet, as the weather, after four days of the most intense heat,'unhappily has become suddenly cool again, and our worthy legislators seem determined to continue indefinitely their efforts ta " save the country." If they do not drive it to the verge of destruction, it will be because the nation has at its head a man with ¡1 on will, who, however he may be opposed in his patriotic efforts to save the Union, will in the end triumph over all his enemies," and restore it again in all its length and breadth and glory. Mr. Banks, on the 3rd inst., introduced in the House of Representatives a bill establishing con- ditions for the admission into the Union of the states of .Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Canada East, and Canada West, which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. The first section provides that whenever notice shall be deposited in the Department of State that the Government of Great Britain and of the Provinces have accepted the propositions nride to them the President of the United States shall publish, by proclamation, that the States of Nova Scotia, New Brunswick, Canada East and Canada West, and'the tcrritoues of Selkirk, Saskatche- wan, and Columbia, arc constituted and admitted as states and territories of the United States. Among the propositions^ one that the United States will assume the Provincial debt, at not ex- ceeding five per centum interest, as follows : C inadn West, 3G,500,O00Jol. ; Canada East, 29,000,000doL ,, Nova Scotia, 8,000,000dol. ; New Brunswick, 7,000,000dol ; Newfoundland, 3,200,000dol. ; Prince Edward's Island.2,000,000 dol. The United States 'are also to pay 10,000,000dol. to the Hudson's 1$ íy Company. At a meeting of the shareholders of the Atlantic Mail Steamship Company to- day, it was voted to increase the capital stock from four to eight millions. The vote stood 33,240 shares in favor and 2,050 shares against the proposition. The New York Mail Steamship stockholders, under this consolidation, have the priveleçe of exchang- ing any time within f Jur months 9,950 shares of their stock for that of the Atlantic Mail,the latter cimpany already owning the balance of the shares. The West India Mail Steamship Company .re- ceives 10,000 shares in exchange for their ships, docks, Sec. Tue Brazilian Mail Steamship Com- pany receives 14,000 shares. It hits voted also to sell to Mr. W. S. Williams 4,000 shares at 125, cash, which cancels the notes of the company for 560,000 dol. held by Mr.Williams. The company retain 2,050 shares in the treasury This makes quite a powerful combination,and brings under one man agement a large number of fine steamships. 'Hie Atlantic Mail proper owns the San Jacinto, San Salvador, and Missouri. The West India Mail owns the Columbia, Eagle, and Morro Castle. The Brazilian Mail owns the North America, South America, Havana, mid Mitanzas. The New York Mail owns the Morning Star, Evening Star, Guiding Star, Rising Star, Rising Sun, Merrimac, Mississippi, Monterey, and Mariposa. The Pacific Mail Steamship Company has been opposed to this arrangement for some time pist, but at the last moment voted in favor of it. We understand that the Pacific Mail Company wjU shortly raise the capital stock from ten to twenty millions, and declare a twnnty-fivo per cent, scrip dividend. It may be proper to remark that none of the new stock of the Atlantic Mail will be issued for six months. ' The State of Tennessee is reported ns showing more signs of rejecting, than ratifying the constitutional amendment, which is most annoying ta the Radicals in Washington, as is the fact that it is now ceriain that the Legislatures of ten states will not be convened at all in extra session, and will not, therefore, vote upon the amendment until December or January next ; namely, Maryland, Indiana, Ohio, Kentucky, New Jersey, Delaware, Illinois, Wisconsin, Iowa, and New York. Nor is this all. New Jersey, Delaware, Kentucky, Indiana, Mar/land, and Illinois will probably vote against it. The Hoard of Health report no more cholera cases at the Lower (Quarantine, and state that the sick are rapidly getting well, > During the past week the total number of deaths in this city was 493. Diarrhöe i diseases among the inhabitants of tenement houses arc on the increase, 113 deaths having resulted from those complaints during tlielast week. The residents of Staten, Island have succeeded in obtaining an injunction restraining the Health Commissioners from erecting citolera hospitals in their midst. The decision of the Court m their favour causes then ¡rreat joy. The liquor dealers continue to be jubilant in the highest degree.* They have thus far triumphed completely over the Board of, Excisc.nnd whiskey, and lager,'and brandy, and alé, and wine, and gin, continue to be partaken of more freely than ever. The Board of Excise declare that if the Court of Appeals should set aside the injunctions which the liquor dealers have obtained in tt)e lo\yer oourts, they will make them pay heavily for the liberty and freedom they now enjoy to sell to each mau what he likes to drink and has the moncyto pay for. ' . , , JULY 11th, 18GG 1 Reports were current in Washington yesterday, that an attempt had been made to obtuiii the unanimous ouusent of the Cabinet to the call for the National Convention which is to assemble in Philadelphia on the 14th of August, but' that it was unsuccessful. The Democratic Club and the Johnson Union Club of that city, ¡however, have consolidated their interests, and will send delegates to the Convention. ,? Despatches .from .Canada indiçatî that fte J present session of the Candían Parliament will be j ja very exciting one. The Opposition members ¡ ore assailing the Government with great power j and effect, and the project of annexing Canada to ¡jthe United States appears to be gaining favor. Ilâ&l-centre; Stephens made an exceedingly ?warlike speech to a large number of the Fenian 'Brothei hood'in Boston yesterday. He emphati- cally denied that the Fenian spirit was dying out, and promised that war a'gainst England should becommenced on Irish soil within, a year. Per ,Iiat)s this moy be so, but Fenianism in thit coun 'try has evidently lost; its spirit, and its followers are losing confidence in Its leaders. Senator Lane, better known as General Jim 'Lane, of Kansas, attempted to commit suicide at 'Leavenworth a few, days ago, by deliberately putting a pistol to his mouth and firing its con- tents into himself. He has been suffering greatly ever since; and last evening it was stated that he was rapidly sinking; and there was no* hope of his recovery. , ( y The magnificent", Pacific mail steamship Mon- tana will start' on a trial' trip in a day or two, stopping at Newport, t A large party of ladies and gentlemen are invited to witness her sailing qualities and participate in the pleasures of the trip. She will be absent for three or four days It is said that sherwin probably take her depar- ture on the 25th instant for San Francisco via Panama. < , , i > i The Tariff Bill ha3 passed the House of Repre- sentatives by a vote of ninety- four to fifty-three. It fixes a duty on cotton of 3a. & pound ; makes the duty on railroad iron 70c. per 100 pounds ; on pigiron 9dol. per ton ; en tait, 24c. per 100 pounds ; on imported coal, Idol, 50c. per ton ; on tea, 12$c. per pound ; and on coffee, 2le. a pound, besides affixing excessive duties on alarge number of other articles. > I i Mr. Romero, the Mexican Minister, to-day received official despatches from El.Puso, inform- ing him that on the- 10th ult. President- Juarez his Cabinet, and the Government, left El Paso for Chihuahua. Letters from the City of Durango, of June 5th, received here by the last steamer from Vera .Cruz, state that the French troops in that city were under orders to march against Chihuahua, and that 2,000 men had already left, and were at that time at Lazarca.. Letters from the City of Mexico state that General. Bazaine was concentrating all the available French Troops in San Luis Potosi, to open a new and vigorous campaign against the Mexicans. I COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. Breadstuff's ' are dull and heavy, and the tendency of prices is downward. Flour is selling at 6dol, 50c. to 16dol. 50c. per barrel ; wheat at 2dol. 28c. to 3doi. 10c. ; and corn at 86c. to 95c. per bushel. ' "" , Cotton is in fair demand, and holders are free sellers at 35c. to 37c. per lb. for middling. Provisions are very dull and ¡heavy.': Copper is quiet ; sales of Detroit, Baltimore, and Portage Lake 33c. per lb. Drugs and dyes are very quiet, with a declin- ing tendency in prices. Freights are quiet but firm. I Money continues dull, and easy at four to six per cent. l Government bonds are strong, and the de-, mind is in excess of the supply. 'Yesterday, I over'a million dollars of the five-twenty bonds, 1865, were sold, at 105 by parties who had bought at a lower price, but they were all bought by the lending Government loan agents. The prices' advanced immediately to 105J. The five-twenties of 1862 were sold at lOGJ to to 106¿ ; ten-forties at 98} to 98¿, and Trea- sury seven three-tenth notes at 103J. At the close the gold bonds were a little o if, but none were offering at the quotations. The five twenties of 1862 are quoted at 106¿ to 10GJ , 1865, 10 if to 105J-; and seven three-tenth, 103¿ to 103J. ' ''' ' Railway securities are dull,with the exception of Erie, for which the prices are very firm. In- dications present themselves that the " bulls'', arc about to make a move to put tile prices of all securities up, and an active and buoyant specu- lation is to be looked for. Atlantic mail shares arc quoted at 121, and Pacific mail at 212. Gold exhibits a declining tendency, and is now quoted at 149J. , i ¿ - ,, MEXICO. , , , On thçi24th,of June the city of Matamoros, which lias so long' been held under Imperial rule, surrendered to the Liberal forces under General Edcobedo. , , , > - The whole tenor of recent Mexican intelligence goes to BIIOW that the Mexican people, so long scattered and hitherto so divided in interest, ' are becoming more and more united, and much more warm in the cause of the independence of this country. The Imperial forces have lately suf- fered a number of defeats, and the cause of Maxi- milian is begiiiing to look rather gloomy. His treasury empty, the public works undertaken by him shortly after his arrival are in a languishing condition ; on all sides the Liberals arc gaining ground, and altogether lie seeins to be in a very bad fix indeed. At Vera Cruz, the "vomito" was raging, and the deaths were numerous. It was believed that J Santa Anna was acting'in'the interests of the Church party, formerly headed by Meramon, and tliat iii consideration of its influence' in elevating bim to the Presidency he had promised to'aid 'in restoring its power and property. , , i,n .al* , WEST INDIES.' .. i a^X >' Ailvîccs received from Havana to July 4th*givc the following intelligence : A portion of the native population on the 29th ultimo openly declared for the independence of Cuba and a separation from the Spanish Govern- ment. On the lstinst., a fight ensued between the insurgents and the Spanish troops, the latter being considerably worsted. The insurgents, heavily reinforced, took up their positions in the mountains. Troops were being despatched from Havana to suppress the rebellion,''when the news came that 4 Chilian steamers had arrived at Nuevi tas, and 2,000'troops of the allied South American republics had a foothold upon the island in that vicinity. With this assistance the revolt was becoming general, and it was believed that the insurrection hal extended its ramifications throughout all grades of native society. ' ' ' Porto Rico dates of 'Jqne 24th state that the slave population is diminishing by manumission, and the sugar and coffee crops would not amount to more than half the average this year. Advices from St. Domingo say that Bacz had sailed for St. Thomas, and that the Government was in the hands of Pimentel, Cunccd, and Lu pcron. The country was quiet, except at Seybo, where a revolution, heaJed by Guillermo, one of Baez's guards, had broken out.< ' ' V ib/THE MINISTERIAL .CRISIS.' 1 (From The Tunes ) ' ' ' ' - ? "Iii tlio HJouse of dominons, on Ttiesdny, June 26th, the Chancellor of the Exchequer rose to make the long-delayed Ministerial explanation. Ile (innquuced at once that the Queen had accepted the resignation of their offices which the Ministers had tendered a week ago. Her Majesty had at first postponed their acceptance, thinking that the point on which the House of Commons had given an adverse vote was one of detail,) sus- ceptible of, adjustment without breaking up the framework of the bill, aud being of opinion (in which'all must agree without distinction of party) that, in the present state of affairs ou the continent, this wat a very unfavourable moment for a change of Government. But after hearing the explanations which Lord Russell had offered at the Interview granted then) at Windsor that afternoon Her Majesty had definitely accented their resignations, and the Ministry, therefore, only held office till their successors were appoint- ed. Having given this account of what had passed between the Queen and Lord Russell and himself, Mr. Gladstone went on to say that he thought it to he his duty to the House not to confine himself to the dry dotai|s of that state ment, but to enter into some explanations, which would show that he and his colleagues had not acted without full consideration After the Vote of Monday week the Government had two alter- natives before them-an attempt to adapt >it 'to the frumtwork of the bill, or resignation ; vand to show that this liberty was left them he quoted and explained the important sentences with which he summed up the debate of Monday week. In con- sidering the first branch of the alternative the Government l wore struck with the unequal manner in which a rating franchise would work, not only in different borough« but in the same boroughs, and with the almost insurmountable difficulty of choosing any figure which would carry out the precise amount of enfranchisement which they had pro- posed, and to whioh they conceived'themselves bound. To illustrate this last difficulty he stated-on the nuthority of the electoral returns -that to carry out the intentions of the Govern- ment as to the amount of enfranchisement in sixteen boroughs à rating above £6'would .he necessary, in thirty nine a rating of not less thin £ö;in 112 a rating of £5, in twenty-one1 of £4. tmd in fi>e of antler *H- H« dwelt »I» W .mi J .- , ?- ' "?I I '-^ the,incqualities which would be produced by the different scales of rating in the same boroughs, and all these considerations, he said, had led the Government to the conclusion that Lord Dnnkellin's amendment went to break up the 'framework of the bill. Beyond this, they had to consider the previous; his itory of the bill-a consideration which was complicated by the pledge given deliber- ately "to stand or fall" by it-a pledge which the whole, Cabinet was 'of opinion ought to be rarely ¡,'ven, ' and which he describ- ed ~as the last weapon in the armoury of a Government, not to be lightly taken down nor to be replaced until it had served a purpose. In giving that pledge, the Government had been 'influenced .by the mischievous effects of the long 'agitation of this'qucstion, on the character, of partiel, of Governments, of Parliament, and even of repre- sentative institutions, and, having determined to act resolutely, they felt they could not do it except by attaching the life ef the * Administration to the life of the course they took. But along with this determination the Govern- ment, he contended, had shown throughout a desire io coucihate those who were not altogether favourable to reform, and not to quarrel with the , House on any mere question of procedure. To prove this lie contrasted the moderate amount of enfranchisement proposed with that of the bill of I860, and referred to the pro- duction of the Redistribution of Seats Bill after Lord Grosvenor's motion to the abandonment of the provision as , to lease- holders, to the concession to Mr. Banks Stanhope's motion, and to his deliberate refusal, under strong pressure, to reiterate the'determination of the Government to pass a measure this session. Mr. Gladstone then reviewed at length the history of the bill, touching on the various amendments, from Lord Grosvenor's down to Lord Dunkellin's, and stated that, on a deliberate review of this <senes of facts, the Government, having come to the conclnsion that it was not only impossible to adapt Lord Dunkellin's amendment to the frame- work of the bill, but to make any effectual pro- gress with the measure, or, indeed, with the question, this session, had chosen the alternative of resignation. Ile concluded by moving that the House adjourn until Thursday, not with the idea that any measures could be taken for the formation of an Administration by that day, 'but in the expectation that somebody might then be in a position to propose a further adjournment. ., The motion was agreed to without any dis- cussion, and, after granting (in Committee of Supply) a vote on account for the inland revenue and the Packet Services, the House adjourned, at a quarter past 7 o'clock untill Thursday. Outside the house the excitement consequent upon theMinisterial crisis was,ifpos3*ible,8tillgreat er than within. Although it was well known that the House would not meet till six o'clock, peo- ple began to assemble in Palace- yard as early as four, and the number kept constantly increasing. The approaches to the House on every 'side''were lined with an excited crowd, which was, never- theless good-humored, and easily amenable to the police regulations.' Shortly after five1 o'clock members began to arrive, and as the hour of ''6 approached they appeared in such numbers as to prevent any one of them, however, distin- guished, being an object of curiosity for more than a few moments or of applause or. derision, as the case misht be. Mr. Bright was among the earlier arrivals, and as he alighted from a cab in front of Wcsticinstcr-hall his familiar face and portly person were in a moment recognised, and he pessed into the House by the side entrance amid a good deal of cheering. Sir Robert Peel was the next member of note who presented him- self, and a lew noisy ill-conditioned persons, who had collected near the entrance and singled out for cheers or groans each conspicuous member as he arrived, hooted him. Mr. Whiteside and Lord Naas, who entered together, were similarly treated, but did not deign to notice thcjnsult, >if insult it could be called from such a quarter, and Sir John Pakington, for the moment, had some difficulty to manage his horse amid the expres- sions of disapprobation which his appearance ex- cited among the same group. Lord Grosvenor was late in being recognised, but the moment at- tention was called to him he wa!, greeted with a prolonged groan, which he treated with much good hnmour A similar compliment was paid Mr. Horsman both on going and returning. On the other hand, Sir George Grey,' Mr.'Goschen, and Mr. Fawcett, among others of the Liberal members, were more or less cheered as they entered tile House, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer, who went in an open carriage, accompanied by Mrs. Gladstone, received a Joud welcome. The Duke of Argyll, on his way to the House of Lords, dieted a cheer, but Lord Russell passed in his carriage almost wholly unobserved. The appearance of Lord Amberley excited some curiosity among the comparatively few by whom he was recognised, and Mr. Disraeli, who came in ' a close carriage! was assailed with ironical cheers as he entered Palace . yard. On the rising of the House all the more noted members were singled out in the same way cither for applause or disapprobation as they left Westminster-hall. There was a crowd around the carriage of Mr. Lowe as he entered it, and he was driven away amid some uproar, in which groans were answered by counter cheers. At eight o'clock the crowd bad hardly altogether dispersed, although the House rose shortly after seven. The House of Lords rose about the same time, but neither on going nor returning did the peers excite half the curiosity or interest which the members of the popular branch of the Legislature did. (Pram tho Baili/ Telegraph, July 2nd.) Scarcely anything has been added to. Lord Derby's report of progress, the latest results tending to confirm thev negatives previously current. By this time the noble carl is tho- roughly aware that he willnnt obtain a single adherent from the ranks of the late Government, and it is no longer a secret that Lord Clarendon, who was among the invited, repelled the proposal in very emphatic terms. " Ile did not under- stand win; he should be selected, or he alone, to receive an offer which he interpreted as an insult." He was probably mistaken in supposing that he was " alone" in being thus offensively approached ; but perhaps before Lord Derby and his colleagues settle down in their official scats we shall have some explanation of their proceedings at this stage of their enterprise. Another negative, which was not so confidently to be anticipated, has been given to the expected adhesion of any Adullaraite ; even Lord Elcho having positively declined. And a complete stop nppears to have been put to the alternative schemes imputed'to Lord Derby, by favor of which he would have been spared the burden of the Premiership in his own person, or the unto- ward connexion with Mr. Disraeli as Chancellor of the Exchequer. Private frienda, we hear, were anxious that the carl should not try his health by undertaking the labora of the Treasury, and political friends saw great disadvantages in putting forward Lord Stanley as the head of the Cabinet ; but Lord Derby did not perceive those advantages, and he did not yield to the fears for his own power of work. Other political friends most decidedly agreed with the venerable states. man's doubts as to the expediency of the proposed modification ; and that, like other rival Bchcmcs, if it was ever seriously entertained, has fallen to the ground. The broad practical conclusion is, that Lord Derby is confirmed in his resolve to form a Tory Government, pure and simple, with Mr. Disraeli as Chancellor of the Exchequer and leader of the House of Commons. There will be some new Cabinet Ministers, and the latent form 'of the report on this part of the subject is that that Mr. Gathorne Hardy will be the Home Secretary and Lord Carnarvon Colonial Secretary, while Lord Stanhope will be President of the Council. Some of the modifications of tho old Tory Government appear to be very difficult. The Duke of Richmond, it is said, has declined the Lord Lieutenancy of Ireland ; and wtulo it is certain that Lord Cranhurne «¡11 he asked to take his seat for some office, it Is not quite so certain that Mr. Henley, Mr. Wa'pole, or even Lord Malmesbury may be invited The PrivyScal, however, is still mentioned as available for Loi d Malmesbury-if he will hove it. In one or two cues, the omission,or the delay, of any invitation to join the Ministry is very remarkable; Sir Edward Lytton being dJBtmctly mentioned among those who have no1 been asked. . Yet another doubt hangs over certain members of the propescd Government-the doubt whether their constituents would confirm the choice made by tile anti-reform Premier ; and in some minor instance) that mistrust is of too much impor- tance to be overlooked. For example Lord Ar- thur Clinton has acknowledged cliims on the consideratalon of Lord Derby ; but would Newark ratify his election to office by reclcctiug him to his scat in the House of Commons ? For if not, the incoming Ministry would appoint him to his official post only to lose both his services and lys, vote. Inquiries did not yield any very prouu'sjug Eisponse ; so much the reverse, hideed, that if ord Arthur coald count even on the support oj hw noble brother, the Quke of ifanwtle, wo, .i- »'(-'I . ' . ' ' ' 4 doubt whether ho could have that of his consti- tuents. It must not be supposed that the hope of obtaining recruits among the Adullamites waa abandoned without strenuous efforts to s'ecure thom. A noble lord of high rank, whose family was in the last generation associated with the most consistent Liberalism, lent his mansion on Friday last for a special meeting on the subject ; and it was attended by all the members ot the Lower House whose names have been con- spicuously paraded. A mere refusal was not | accepted by the noble host without efforts at reconsideration ; but the results were equally unexpected and decisive. For the refusal of more than one member in the room we were fully, prepaied : and we well understood that' Mr Lowe would not commit himself to acceptance, unless certain conditions had been pre- viously secured ; while we were well aware, even before his answer, that no satisfactory advance had tuen made towards the attain- ment of these conditions But we did not expect to find Lord Elcho positively standing fore- most to refuse, and listening, as others of his companions did, to the subsequent discussion without the slightest sign of a disposition to yield. Nor was the most noble mediator more successful in obtaining a pledge of general support for the new Government ; though we probably do not misrepresent the general feeling in the room when we say.tlnit the new Administration will not meet with any active hostility from that small, yet not unimportant section of the Liberal party. Even on that point, however, the disposi- tion of the persons present must be regarded as individual and provisional, rather than collective orí final : the understanding applied, we may gather, chiefly to the commencement of L ord Derby's career, leaving every one present sub- sequently free to deal with measures on their merits. > > s ' Up to 'the time of our (Home Netos, July 2nd) going to press there is no definite news as to the progress made with the formation of a new Ministry. The Earl of Derby is supposed to be hard at work; but there is stroug reason to believe that he meets with great difficulties. One ' rumour is, that he wants the co-operation of the Earl of Clarendon ' and Earl Granville. We subjoin, however, the latest notifications which have appeared in reference to the anticipated new Cabinet. In The Times ot Friday, June 29th the following appears :-? < " About twenty of the principal supporters of Lord Derby assembled at his house, in St. James's-squarc, yesterday. Lord Derby ad- dressed them at some length, and announced that, both at the suggestion of Her Majesty, and in compliance with his own view of the necessi- ties of his position, he > proposed to offer high office to several members of the Whig party, and even to certain mem- bers of Earl Russell's Government. He should therefore have to ask from his own supporters a sacrifice of their just pretensions. In some cases it might be necessary that they should altogether resign their claims to office, in others they would have to accept offices of lower rank than those to which they might reason- ably have aspired. We are informed that the members present cheerfully assented to the terms thus proposed, and declared their willingness to make any sacrifice necessary for the formation of n strong Administration. Lord Derby then pro- ceeded to wnit upon the Queen nt Windsor. No appointments have yet been made, nor is it ex- pected that any will be made so long ae there is any prospect of the accessions from the. AVhig party which Lord Derby intended to seek. Wo believe that hitherto Lord Derby's overtures have not been favourably responded to." Tho Evening Star of Saturday, June 30th, states:- > > '. " Nothing definite, we believe, is yet known of Lord Derby's arrangements. It seems, however, that the negotiations going on with a few of the mild Whigs, and with those of that party who votcdin the recent division with the Conservatives, have broken down. Mr. Lowe had n long inter- view with Mr. Disraeli, but nothing seems to have come of it. The rumors about office having been nccepted by members of Earl Russell's Cabinet are obviously unfounded. So far as we have heard, the present prospect is that Lord Derby's Ministry, if it comes into power, will have to be of the old style, purely Tory." EUROPEAN WAR PROSPECTS. (Fiom The Timm, July 2nd.) The latest telegrams go far towards reconciling, on all substantial points, the apparently conflicting intelligence which lias hitherto reached us from the scat of war. It is in the nature of a struggle like the one now in progress in Bohemia to give rise to such frequent mid sudden vicissitudes of fortune that the nrmy which believes and proclaims itself victorious from morning to noon may have to allow its opponent to give an account of its defeat before "sunset. The whole war for the latter part of last week consisted of a scries of separate and desultory, engagements nil along the line, the general results of which only become manifest to us now that we arc enabled to refer thom to the main object with with each of the two belligerents entered the field. Masters of Silesia and Saxony, the Prussians contemplated and effected an inroad iuto Bo- hemia by the avenues that open through the various mountain passes encompassing that king- dom on the north and north-east. Their aim was to pour in from all sides, and to effect their junction at,some central point where their com- bined forces might he equal to the task of enga- ging the armies of Austria united under Mar- shal Benedek. Buncdck, on the other hand, strongly posted at the junation at the Austrian railroads at Pardubitz, with his front safe be- hind his strongholds of of Koniggratz and Joseph- stadt, had no other task than to meet the Prus- sians at all points as they issued from the outlets of the mountain defiles, cut them up in detail, prevent their junction in the plain, and if he failed in this enterprise, to fall upon them with all hismight wherever he could come up with them, and compel them to accept a general and decisive battle. The advancs of the Prus- sians could not have been effected with greater skill or success. Prince Frederick Charles cune down with the first army from Saxony, and his main force occupied Turnau and Munchcngratz, while the extreme right followed the lire of Lcipi, and Daubn as far as Melnik. We have the Anstrians' own evidence tint all the3C points had been occupied hy the Prussians, although their version of the encounters at Turnau and Munchcngratz would have led us to believe that the invaders had subsequently been driven from those positions. According to Prussian statements, the Anstrians, beaten, n,t Mun°l\en gratz, have fallen back upon Fiirstonbuck, on the road to Gitschba. A glin.ee at the map will show the, reader at once the importance of this latter named point. Gitschin is about fifty miles from Prague, about twenty miles from Munchcn- gratz, and only twelve from Turnau. While such was the progress of Prince broderick Charles and the 1st Army, tho 2nd Army under the Crown prince, had come from Glatz across the Silcsmn frontier, and fought with alter- nate success at Nachad, Skalier, and Jarosniirtz, coming thus at the hitter place very close to the walls of Joscphstadt. Now, from Jarosniirtz, Josephstadt, or Koniggratz to Gitschin, the dis- tance cannot exceed thirty miles, and the twj Prussian annies, ano at Turnau and München* gratz., the qther ut J|aros.inirtz or Scilic«, were bqth within one day's march of Gitschin-tlw very spot at which they, in all probability, content . plated their junction, A division of the Prussians -the Guards-had also come down to Trautcnau, whore they h&d; sustained more than one fight with their enemies. Trautcnaii ia twenty-five miles from Koniggratz, camcqucntly about fifteen from JurosinirU., and thirty three from Gitschin. Jts junction with the Crown Prince at Jqrosmirtz., or with both armies qt Gitschin was also only nu affair of one day's march, Tho Anstrians told us from Parduhiu, on Friday, that the Prussians had ocotiplcd Gitschin on Thursday, and that thoy had been driven out of that place by the cavalry division of Von Edclshcim ¡ that they liad fallen back upon Tuanaii-a retrograde movement, which had determined, tho evacuation of Melnik, Dauhii, and, I¡eipa, and the retreat of the Prussians tqwards Nicincs. But a Prussian despatch from Ubiohcubcrg, dated yesterday, assures us that the fifth and third divisions took Gitschin on the 29th, not without severe loss to the Prussians themselves, but with the loss of 4,000 mon ta the Austrian». Whatever check the Prussians may have met with ut Gitsch'm on Thursday socms to have been retrieved hy their signal success on the following day, and if the army of Prince Frederick Charles was in tho end left in possession of this disputed place,there is little doubt that its junction with the army under the Crown Prince, eithur at Gitschin itself or at Jarosinirt/,, in (rout of the Austrian .'ronglioldsv,Jq3flph^tadtniid Koniggrit/, may be lunged upon na iinminent. If any doubt Werp entertained as. to tho trustworthiness of P-ruBsian, buddins, it will be fully removed by the telegram from Vienna of yesterday, which te Hi U.S, of thq defeat of the First Austrain and of (l|C Saxon army corps ou tho 30th, and of the retreat of the whole Austrian army upon Ivwg gratz. Bulletins from Priguc, dated Saturday, speak of new partial advantages gamed' by the-1 Austrians at ICost, noar Turnan, and beyond" Munchenginlz, in the district of Jung-Bunzlan';' they alio report the evacuation of Bomnisk and" 'Kamnitz hy the Piussians ; but these particulars1 only confirm us in our conjecture that the army* of Prince Frederick Charles, concentrating alP its forces for an effort upon Gitschin, was recalling its extreme right from positions which were no' longer important. Despatches from the Crown1* Prince of Prussia confirm the report of' the success of his divisions at Nnehod and Skalicz and describe the loss of the Austrians as extreme- ly severe. Foiled thus in his attempt to oppose the Prus"J' sinn columns as they advanced sinqly through the' mountain passes, or to prevent their junction on1 the plain, if such was really his original intention. Marshal Benedek has now only one way of res toring the fortunes of the Austrian Empire, and. that is, to crush the enemy, if he can, by one de-1 cisive blow. The battle between 'tue 'whole' forces of the two great Powers ought to_ be im-' minent, and King William and Count Bismarck,* who were yesterday at Reichenberg,havc probably timed their movements so as to have an oppor-' tn lity of witnessing the great contest which is1 for ever to settle the question of Prussian or' Austrian supremacy over Germany. The armies will be nearly matched ; the combatants belong1 in a great mensure to the same race ; their' temper, their discipline, their proficiency ia all the recent improvements of the art of war, are nearly equal. The artillery is said ( to be perfect on both sides, and any advantage accruing to the Prussians by the peculiarity of their arms is probably counterbalanced by the excellence of the Hungarian and Bohemian horse. Little' is' heard with respect to the movements of the Fed- eral army under Prince Alexander of Hesse ; but as since the surrender of the Hanoverians, 'the, Prussians are able to concentrate the divisions under Manteuffel, ' Falkenstein, and Beyer'irito' one corps, it is to be presumed that they will be able to hold their own on the Maine till the desti- nies of the Fatherland arc decided on the banka of the Elbe. ' ' ' In Italy, King Victor Emmanuel, who, after,' the disaster at Custozza, had recrosscd theMincio and drawn up his army between Goito, Volta¿ Cavriana, and Solferino, has subsequently with-? drawn to Cremona and Piacenza, with' ^ai view to unite his forces with those , of Cialdini, II ho, retiring from ' Ferrars, ' 'has gone back to his former ' quarters ( at. Bologm, Modena, and Parma, ' It is not Vasjr to foresee what the next move of the Italians may be. ' A second venture across the Mincio or the Po would hardly be less desperate, hardly likely! to turn out less disastrous, than the first. 'For about fifty miles from the immediate neighborhood of Mantua,down nearly to Ferrara,thePo is entirely in the hands of the Austrians, who possess on the right banks the three districts of Gonzaga, Levere. and Sermide. The Austrians, have, indeed, withdrawn their troops across the river, but'they are strongly posted at their tites'de' pont at Sor goforte, San Benedetto, and Ostiglia, the points to which the principal roads abut respectively, the first from Reggio and Guestalla, the second from Modena and Carpi, the third from Moden» and Mirándola. Were Cialdini to cross the'Poat any of these places, or at any of the intermedia ary points, while the King once more made a simul- taneous effort across the Mincio at Rivalta, botlj armies might possibly effect their junction under the walls of Mantua ; but it is not easy to conceive what they could achieve against that strongest of all European stiongholds, or what they could gain by again venturing within the fatal' jaws* 'of the Qucdi daterai. ' * ¡' ' ' ; In the meanwhile, the defeat of Custozza seems to have crippled the movements of the Italian volunteers, and condemned Gaubaldi himself to inactivity. Since the advance of some of the Free Corps from Brescia upon the Lake 'of Idro and Ponte di Cassera, and their success against the Austrians at Lodrone, we hear nothing of 1 their further procreas in that direction, ' either I by the Val di Giudicaria to Riva, on the Lake of Garda, or by the upper Val di Chieie to'Trento. In the meanwhile, the Austrians, finding the passes of the Stelvio and To- nale unprotected, have crossed both of them, from' the former occupying Bormio, in Valtellina, and driving the Italians down the valley as far as Tirano, from the other invading Val Camonicu down to Vezza. We hear, mean- while, that the Garibaldiens arc swarming on the right bank of the Lake of Garda ; but since the king was, by his repulse at Custozza, compelled to give up his designs on Pcschicrn, it is difficult to seo on what exploit the Volunteers can engage either along the banks of the lnkc or on ita waters. Of the Italian fleet under Persano no tidings whatever have as yet reached ns, " i THE ENGLISH MONEY( MARKET. The following is from the money market' and City intelligence in ïïio Times of July 2nd : The publie must feel surprise, at the .prevalent confusion of doctrine on the course of the money market and the conduct of the Bank, A large class clamor against the Bank management, whilo others commend it without qualification..I) thers, again, are disposed to exonerate the Bank par- tially and to throw the oliicf responsibility of the existing inconvenience upon the Government. These extremes of opinion, however, simply 1 in- dicate that each advocate looks only nt a part iof the question. Instead of being reviewed in its double bearing-as a banking and also a social difficulty-the occasion is dealt with by one set according to ordinary banking axioms, and by the other on the principle that it is an exceptional convulsion in which . the whole community are involved, and which therefore warrunts au interposition of the nuthority of the whole community-that is ttj say, of the Government-to mitigate its effect«. Of courso, if we arc to adopt only tho routine and wellikiiQwn rules of banking as our guide, there can be no doubt that the Bank director* are perfectly in the right, or, at all events, that if they have erred at all it has been in exacting an insufficient instead of a too high rate of dis- count. Their liabilities, which may be called for at any moment, and a portion of which will har« immediately to be met by the payment of divi- dends, amount to £29,304,399, while even no« they have but a reserve of £5,218,409i, or about eighteen per cent, of the whole, when thirty per cent, would be the normal proportion. Hence, admitting the argument that the Bank ha» nothing to do but to preserve its own poa}« tion, and that It has no function either - ta shape its course on the one hand with the object of " assisting commerce,'* or, on the other, to speculate as to the future fluctuations of the markets, and the possible safety of trusting for a given lime to a small reserve, it is clear that the directors have no choice but to pursue . stringent system, and that, ns the only recognised way of allocking l|ie demand for nn article is hy raising its price, their position is such as would justify not only the existing charge of ton per cent., but an advance to tu elvo per cent. But this principle has not been acted upon. On the 10th May, and far a fow days previously, the drain upon tho resources of the Ii ink was totally beyand the control of the rate of discount the» charged. The rc3crvo already very low, wat reduced in a singlo, day from £0,000,000 to £3,000,000, and it may bo questioned if an ad- vance to fifteen or twenty per cent, would them have hid any effect. Tho advocates simply for sound banking, casting aside every other con* sideration, would have said, " The Bank, has nothing to do with this pressure ex-> ocpt to rosist it. If it be found that twenty per coût, will not stop the demand, let thirty o* fifty bo tried, and if nothing else will suffice* ib M tho business of the directors to refuse to discount another bill. They must protect their reserve, and they have no other duty." And supposing this to have been earricd out, no one could hajt* blamed the Bank. The Government, hows-vsr, found that they must face the responsibility of permitting such a conclusion, or th it they must; admit tho crisis to he a national one. calling >fo» national mensures. They adopted, the latter als tornativc, making the 11 mk of England thei» agent for relief, and from that moment the whole* affair, so far as the Bank was concerned, changed its character, and was no lunger amenable tot the dry nnd hurd rules by which it was previous^. 1> governed. The point now in dispute simply it. whether tho intomlcd relief lins been judiciomlw affordod. There is, perhaps, a very small minority who would havn contended against the grant of any relief whatever. " If people choose to run into wild commitments," it may be said, '' let thom take tho consequences. The Go\ eminent, by stepping in to avert theil) cona*» quencos, only weaken the lesson, and encourage* a repetían of the mischief. The rum of tho Htljjflsi multitude »ill bo tho gani of the prudent few, and the stato has no right to legislate foi the one class to the disadvantage of the other.'1 But the state represents tho people at large, and if ninety nine out of 100 of tho people feel that their interests demand any particulnr*nction tho Go» vernment must fallow their will. Of course, it ia». very deplorable that.in n great commercial oouutry thpro should bo so little power of combined operar Üou «nong our leading banking and wcroujil* CtUbliibm'rnts, that no sufficient remedy against absolute panic can be found without calling «pon the Government, when the height of confusion has been reached, for some empi- rical measure. A remedy for reckless sepecu lation, is neither to be expected nor desired, except in the inevitable way, but the blind alarm that places every transaction in the eSuntry in jeopardy can and must always be (Wait with by special means. Many of the con- sequences ofthis alarm arc, it is believed, still fflt to an extent that seriously compromises, not toe interests of the Banguine speculators of the past year or two, for these have long since been Utterly twept away, but of the majority of those who are connected with the legitimate financial and trading establishments of the country. The evil, it is thought, might have been mitigated by a different policy on the part of the Bank. The argument« for that opinion are already familiar. Lue all other opinions that have not been brought i» the test, it is one fairly open to discussion, and the Bank directors, whose desire to alleviate the trjal «f the moment it would be idle to impugn, are not to be charged with indifference because tiley do not concur in it. Nevertheless, it is re- quisite to impress the minds of their defenders wat the Question is not one of banking policy, as teems to hive been erroneously supposed, but solely, whether state interference having been accorded, that interference has been granted and worked in a manner to produce the utmost ad vantage that could be gained from it. 