INTERCOLONIAL NEWS. NEW ZEALAND. THE ENGAGEMENT AT WAIROA. (From the correspondent of the Wellington Independent.) Wairoa, March 20, 1866. The apparent repose into which we seemed sinking some time back, has been again rudely disturbed by another brush with the Hau haus. About a fortnight, since, in consequence of rumors having arrrved that there was a large gathering of the Uriwera's on this side of the Waikare lake, a party of natives started from Pakowai, some twelve in number, under the command of Ihaka (the minister's brother), for the purpose of reconnoitering, and if possible ascertaining the intentions, of the hostile tribes. After a day or two's absence the party returned minus Ihaka, and with another of their number shot through the back ; it appeared that they had fallen in with an advance of the Uriwera, and had been fired on. Of the fate of Ihaka, they knew nothing save that he had been hit and taken, prisoner. This naturally confirmed the rumour of the hostile descent ; accord- ingly, Pitiera Kopu mustered his tribe and several others, and on Monday, the 12th, started with 130 men "to make assurance doubly sure, and to offer the enemy battle amongst the hills. Having business requiring me to visit the lake I availed my- self of the offer of a secure trip, and accom- panied the expedition. The object that Kopu had in view was to surprise the enemy, if possible, consequently it was arranged that we should march all night and camp during the day. The ammunition, &c;, was sent up in canoes as far as the Waiau river offered transport—nearly half the distance. The two first days were consumed in getting through this portion of the road, the river being very circuitous, and the stream so rapid as to render the labor of poling the canoes very severe, and involving crossing no less than eight fords, all of which were deep and dangerous to the horse and foot men. Having at length got to the com- mencement of the ascent to Takarangi (a fortified hill now abandoned), the ammuni- tion and biscuit being distributed, the real labor began. By 12 p.m. we had sur- mounted Takarangi, and reached a small cultivation in a patch of bush, called Te Tringa Ohiro, where we lay to till dusk. Orders were issued that no gun should be fired and no fires lighted, and forming in Indian file we once more tackled the road up, up, up getting darker by degrees, slowly flitting on with noiseless tread, we more resembled ghosts than armed men, rising ridge after ridge, I fancied we were on a journey to the moon, but presently down, down into pitchy darkness, down ap- parently four times the depth that we had ascended, and : still down until a small sandy valley was reached, and a halt called. The night was far spent, so we lay down on the cold ground, the keen moun- tain air piercing us through and through, to get what share of sleep we might. Mine was a minimum allowance ; so cold was it that my sole wish was for morning. It came at last, and another hill was staring us in the face, more ominous than the friend of the past night. At it we went, and at length, reaching its summit, found a little potato patch, hidden in a bush, on the southern slope of the range called Te Kiwi ; here we camped for the day, and warmed with the sun and travel most of us gladly indulged in a sound snooze. This day wore away like the last, and the setting sun was the signal for our march, another ridge, another descent, the old men acting as captains of companies enjoining strict silence. The shelter of a bush at the foot of the range was nearly gained, when bang went a musket, with a rolling echo amongst the hills. All dropped to the ground, who ? which? what? where? were whispered along the file ; presently Kopu came to the front and asked for me. What do you, pakeha, do with a soldier who acts like this?" Did he do it on purpose? I think so." "Stick a bayonet through him," said I. "Wait a bit, I'll see," Kopu replied. Some consultation ensued, but my suggestion was not acted on. The same man did the same thing the night before, and called it an accident ; I mention this circumstance because of its results. Fear now seized upon the whole body, they gathered together, in groups, and loud chattering told of the vacillating opinions of the leaders. I said to Kopu,' "If we return we shall be laughed at." After a long delay it was agreed to camp and see what morning brought forth. Ere Iong, loud snoring told of the effects of fatigue upon the party. The morning star called us again to action, and after a hurried con- sultation it was decided to advance ; we were now within 3 miles of the lake, and as we passed on through a long valley com- manded on all sides by rocky eminences, I fully expected at each turn of the road, to receive a volley into the midst of us. All was silent ; presently we came up on open ground, a little lake, fencing, and cultiva- tions, some horses, and recent, tracks of many feet. Jumping over the timber and getting the shelter of a Koromiko bush, we halted, relieved ourselves of our packs; ex- amined our arms and made ready for the fray. Te Otene read prayers, and now for business. Kopu told off his people into divisions and placing me in front of him- self, at the end of the first division, we crept forward. Thick scrub, rocks, a road like a stone gutter, surely they will not let us slip through, we rose the ascent, some fifteen or twenty men in front of us, caught the gleam of waters, when all speculation was lost in the sharp crack of the first one, then 20 rifles, shouts, of "Pai Marire," " Kua Horo," "Ko Kiri," "Ko Kiria," and a very babel of sounds, magnified by the echoing rocks into a perfect roar," " Seize the conoes," Stop firing," "Who's to pass through that infernal cross fire." As well talk to the dead, nothing but shout and fire, the Hau Haus were in full retreat, some through the bush, others to the cliffs amongst the trees for shelter, some for the canoes, and I could not but admire the steady way in which two canoes paddled swiftly away, keeping close in shore with the bullets dropping all round them. I sat down on a flat rock and perseveringly potted at them as long as they were within range, half an hour brought the firing, and pursuit pretty well to an end. One fellow of the enemy was in the act of firing, "Don't fire lest you be killed," I cried. The man hesitated, a fine strapping fellow about 20 years of age, with a handsome dog- skin mat on his shoulders. " Give up yom gun and pouch," said his captors, and seeing resistance hope- less and trusting to find mercy, he lowered his piece and handed it over, but soon four bayonets were plunged in his breast. Dis- gusted and sick I turned away, but more was to happen, presently a party appeared on the rocky shore of the lake driving a prisoner before them, a tall, vigorous old man, completely tatooed, "Who are you?" I am Te Rawhe, spare me, I am wounded (a ball had laid open his cheek), I will be your slave, I am the chief of this settlement." I looked anxiously in the faces of his captors, he was in the hands of Hapimana, a brother of Ihaka, who had been killed. Calling Kopu aside, "spare him." I said, "look at Hapimana," he answered, " it can't be done." For the present he was safe, and clung with trembling hand to the cloak of "Hapurona, an old chief into whose charge he was committed, thinking (vain trust) that there must needs be sympathy between grey hairs. To close a painful scene, after delay- ing an hour and a half, conversing quietly with him, asking him questions, all of which he answered — taking a wretched haversack from his neck, and dividing the bit of native prepared tobacco amongst them, in no way showing what their real intentions were—a party of five or six, with Kopu at their head, went up to him, " Come," they said, and struggling painfully, clutching at his keeper, the old man, who repulsed him, they dragged him away and murdered him with seventy wounds. Sick, dispirited, weary, and miserably dejected. I hailed with delight the arrival ot Dr Scott, the resident medical officer, and Mr Prince, interpreter, with some 60 of the Nukutaurua natives. A littie too late, we marched all night and nearly caught you." Hasty enquiries and ex- clamations of pleasure at the beautiful scenery which we had now leasure to ob- serve. But I reserve any description of the Lake for my next letter. To wind up a prosy account, I will only add the results of the attack. Three bodies were re- covered—one woman, Iantope, wife of Te Hira ; a chief of To Te Uriwera, taken prisoner. Doubtless many were wounded and killed that we know nothing of, owing to the dense bush. Sixteen guns, a quantity of ammunition, flags, and miscellaneous articles tell into our hands, and a large quantity of cnltivatious. From the woman we learned that the party we surprised numbered 71 in all, that they had 71 guns and plenty of ammunition, that another party of nearly the same number were also on the side of the Lake, and that the main body of between two and three hundred were at Rua Tahuna, some distance inland of the extreme N.W. end of the Lake. She represented them as divided in their coun- cils, and letters we found confirmed her statement. After a discussion it was agreed to send her back with a letter to the Uriwera, chiefs, offering terms of peace, and that two weeks should be allowed for their acceptance, in the interim to build a punt or boat, for the purpose of crossing the Lake, and attacking, them in their own stronghold, should they not ac- cept them. The woman started on her mission on Monday. On Tuesday she returned, bringing with her Te Waru's son. The two were sent back with a Union Jack, and we now await the denouncement of the farce or tragedy as the case may be. I can not conclude without a remark on what struck me as fatal to any enterprise con- ducted solely by natives. I noticed their utter want of even a shadow of discipline, their chiefs scarcely possessing sufficient authority to prevent the veriest youngster in the camp following the bent of his in- clinations whatever might be the result, a wane of cool courage, so much so that if the first volley knocks over a few leading files, the chances are in favour of a precipitate retreat ; an utter abandonment of all pre- caution after the smallest success, so much so that there was great difficulty in our case of getting a few sentries posted to guard the camp, although it was known that canoes could easily pull within range, fire into us, and make off again, In short, they are little else than an armed mob, almost as dangerous to themselves as to the enemy, the sole advantage they possess being to travel without a commissariat, the curse of all inland expeditions. The camp at every halt became a debating society, and the further they got from home the more frequent the halts and the more animated the talk, the reluctance to advance and the efforts of the chiefs to drag them forwards increasing with every mile. I must by this have wearied the patience of your readers. Of the Lake and the road, I will write you in my next, meantime au revoir. 