THE RACES. Being the eve of our Annual Meeting, I thought perhaps you might be expecting a line from me, "coaching" you up to the good things that may be going. Visitors are pouring in from all quarters, and Ipswich once snore is putting on a holiday appear- ance. Everyone thinks, looks,, and talks hossy- even to the small boys, who each have their favourites, and are prepared to spot the winners at below market prices. I believe aa annual gathering like the present does an intensity of good to all-bringing people, as it does, from long distances together-friends once more meet again, remind each other of their esca- pades in days gone by, spin again their almost for- gotten yarns, fight their old battles, recall the past bright and happy days--perhaps never to return. Surely I cannot be far wrong in thinking these re- unions tend greatly to keep up old associations, and dispel for a time all graver matters of business. Beyond doubt one requires a little relaxation from the cares of life, more espeeially after the trying times we have had, with impecuniosity reigning supreme. Our meelting this year will not be able to compete withll that of the past season, either in the number of eatranese, or thle largeness of attendance of the sporting public: yet I thlink, on the whole, it will turn out a successful meet; horses being more evenly matched, the favoarites are continually changing-oceasioned no doubt by thle favourable or unfavourable re port enchl day of the morning's gallop-a bad crite rion to go by, as many know to their cost-horses vary so mauch in their work. Some go well in com pany, others badly; some will not go by themselves, you can hurdly send ltenm along. I have watched all very closely during thle past fortnight. I do not fora moaient pretend to spot the winners; but, as far as my judgmtent will carry me, I will tell you what in my otpition will be the result of eachl race. Miany of tle lhorrses are strangers to me--some I have not even seen eallop. It don't mantter mulch however; so, for a little amnusement to you, I will proceed to nmy pro phecies. The first on the card is the Ladies' Purse, one mile and a distance, weight for age. It is gencrally very difficult fr any one to name thIe winner ofa short race: a good start is thle grand tlhintg. There are sir entrances for this race. Thie two mares I strike out at once-neither hlaving a ghost of a chance; this will leave the raee to Yoatag Stranger, Csance, Cupsicum, and Quadrant. As I have written them down, so I believe they will be plaued. I feel sorry for those who have made at favourite of thle wrong horse ; but such tliags will happen, and people will not learn "horse Tise next on the programme is the big event of the meeting, tie Grand Handicap, two miles attd a dis tance. I fear thle Sydney division amdist pass the judge's stand first; Naonsucl will get the thirdl money. Many stand to the little horse to win, and deservedly so, too; bothl thile rider and horse are a plucky pair, and deserve a large slice of thle good things offered. Nothing would give me greater pleasure than to see the "little 'un" do the trick. If he does, the excite ment on the course will be intense--both a, such favourites. Now follows the Welter, 8 miles; top weight, 11st. 41be., for the aged ones. I have made up my mind to see tile result of this race in a finish between Graslshopper and Muadclap ; a long struggle it will be, and whalebone and sleel will be dispensed freely, but I should he inclined to back the bay as he is a younger and fresher horse, carries 4lbs. less, and his condition is all one eanask. Doubtful is the favourite Ihcar a good horse; with a heavy load on him like he had at Brisbane few can touch him; but the race here will be different: in this way I leave them. Then comes the Maiden Plate, 2 milee, weight for age. Leopold is scratched, leaving only four to com pete for it. Codes, Wallaby, Kildare, and Sam Slick represent the lot, and to give you an idea of the issue of this event I cannot do better than leave them as I have written them, and I fancy I shall not be far out. The Treal Stakes will be merely a walk over for Larry's horse, there being none other entered. I would suggest the striking out this race from future programomes-we are not yet quite old enough, and have not suffllicient number of broaders of the right sort, to make a show even with a small field. AftPr this comes thie Selling Race-mile heats. There are four entrances, and as tile Prince of Wales is well in, I see nothing to lick hin at that distance: if Ise is licked hlie never ought to be trained agom a it is his favourite distance, and he is in tip-top con dition. This, with the exception of minor affairs, will complete the first day's racing. I forgot to make mention of the great improvements that have taken place in the buildings on thle course; everylshig has been removed from the seiide rutnittg, thus leaving an uninterrupted view from start to finish. Tile grand stand has been considerably enlarged-in fact, doubled as regards its anecommodation ; and altogether the course looks in admirable order, quite fitted to compete rwithll ansy course in any of the other colonies. Now for the second day-the previous night's dissi pations being the morning's refletion to many of them. Thiey make many of them wiser but sadder men. ,Losers now cotdole with each other, and lament tlhat lthey were suchl fools ante lay their money on certain horses, whilst, of course, wvinners console them withll saying, "I told you so; you wouldn't take my advice." Howrever, the usual quantum of brandy aid soda-water having bees imbibed, the cobwebs are brushed from melnreholy brooding brains, and tlhey are again prepared to back something. All are again themsrelves once more, and in due course of tinmeo wend thelir way to thle convincing ground. Although thie second cay is not so mulch in favour as tite first and last, yet anylthing in the slape of a hurdle race has its charns for many. The hurdle Race, the 'first of thIe day's eport, is very poorly filled-Bay Squatter, White Stockings, and Romeo. Tihe result of this race is most diflieult to arrive at. Buy Squattecr is unknown over timber; but Ihe has foot enoughl, and report says he juisps well. While Stoekiingsiskiown tonmany; and Roseo, I poor old veteran, to til. I fancy if tIhey only al low him half-an-lour for tlea journy hlie will win. Thie Hlck IHurdlo Race follows--tlhen comes tihe rice of thle day, thle Queen's Guineas. One cantot tell wlhait horses will saddle for it, so I feel at loss to attempt a iprediction. I fancy the Sydney divi sion will not go--unless Forester wins the Grand Hansdicap the day previous : if lhe does run,judging from his last year's performance in tie same race, lihe ought to ishow hiis nose first past the judge's stand with the greatest ease. The rest I cannot tell low to place. The Prince of Woles Stlakes comes next on the card -a gift. to O'Meara, if Ie starts; if he does not, Young Strnsger ought to be thle winner. I aino write no moro at present. The coming events have put me into such a state of feverish encile meat, thaiut waking or sleeping I am perpetually racing. I will dop you a line as to how matters are likely to be on Tlhursday's raeing. F. C. I). The following is by " Eclipse," the jporting coitri butor to the Guardia s: The first race of the meeting is the Ladies' Purse, for whiech six sre entered; and it would be hard to find a beltter mtulched half-a-dozen. It eousists of Capsiemu, Quudranl, Distrcetion, Chauee, lisis Itor wood, and Youug Stralnger. The distance is a little over a mile, and they are all well known to be flyers for schl a spurt as that. Of this lot I should choose Quadleutl, who is ill tip-i1,p conditis,, and who will be welil tlilolced, fbr ierot place, nad Chalure ansd Young St raigeer secoed and Ihirt-providine, of course, thut ti he I-t-naoIed horse is allowed to lgo, and do his bert. Cajosirum will, poroleut-, be well up, but 1 doubt I hlethltur ler ?ell Ir·are to will in the company hle lhas to lceet. S ?e e~ee rasee. is tiee cveat, pr excelleree, of the meerting, the Nsorlh A.usaraliuan.l ckey Clublhlndieep. SlThere iree only six cut-red, O .taturs, Forester, Neoe such,, detice, T.ll 'lTull, usd hreutier. The woeights h ave been very thilly aljuested, alelhoughe I thinki that thelh? la- I igio mighto have cln filaered with lapoucd or two moreI, ees)ecially as ote oflthem-!hie worst of the two--his Ileiaten Ihe lhorse lwho his the top weighit, on severid oecssioasi, at weight tJr age. I seneely ilme gile thatl tihe lu.udiealpe.ees wcre scerquainted with this filet, or they wrould ch t have maoide ruch a vast diflbr ece ill the weights. Nesch anII sd O'Menie aire thle Iarourites, but I thieke the ditisaece vuits the old grey too well to give eilther of thse belhter clutnce thans lIe possesses of walkingl offwithi the takhes. Premier and TallTall lhave also somue claim to fuvouritism, as they are well in with 8ht. 71bs. nmid 8St. 51be. If they cannot carry these weights to the fore, theymuste lhave sadly degenerated since their residence in Queens lend. I should therefore be inclined to give one of them a situation, but nothing more, old Forester being too smart, in my opinion, for either of them. There is ino doubt but that it will be a desperate race, and, with Joe Cane on O'Meear, I am really inclined to the belief that first andr econd money will be appro printed by Tobias, as Foirester is booked to win. The third race on the card is the MsoidcuPlate. Fire are entered, the whonle of them will come to the p1st. Three of them- Cocles, Kildarc, and Grey Wallaby-are winners in Brisbane, aid therefore have to carry penalties. Coels will hove to travel wilth 7 Ibs extra weight, cnd the oflthers with 5 Ibs. each. . As the two freshl ones-Leopol I and Sash Slick--are not, in 5my opinion, gems of Ise first water, I do nottlthink thev will derive a gre de tal of benefit from the penal ties tarried by the thllree first named. I find that Grey Wallaby is entered as a fire-year old, while he run at Engle Farm as n six-year old. This is hardly to be understood, as previous to the eIst of August, by the rules of the two !ubs of Brisbane and Ipswiclh, horseos run at the same age. As Wallaby ran so close up to Codes, and carried six-year old weight in Bris bane, I cannot help thinking that when the little bay lorse gives him five pounds, Wallaby must win. The race for second iplace will certainly rest with Kildare and Codes, and whicherer obtains thle place will not do it without trouble. As to Sam Slick and Leopold, I don't thlink they are good enough for the company, especially as the fastest of the two is not in Al con dition. For the WVelter, five of our Corintliian friends are to stare, and I think there is very little dilference of opinion as to the result being a win in a canter for Doubtful, with Rearguard and Madcap well up for second place. Five entrances have been received for the Selling Stakes, but I do not think they will all come to the post. I shall name Prineo of Wales as the winner, witlh Kaalr second. and Capsicum third. This closes thle first day's racing. The second day's sportcommences with the Hurdle Race, for wlhicsl three are entered, neither of whom can be regarded as an improrement on the winner of the previous year. They consist of White Stocldengs, Bay Squatter, and Romeo. The first nanmed horse is not unknown to fame, butt I have heard that at 'uanongo hie was distoanced by.bush horses, througl refusing his leaps. I should therefore fancy that Bay Squatter was the safest investment for the race, Romeo being too old and stale for three miles in such com pany. Of course if White Stockings takes the hurdles he will ihave a chance, but hlie has not sufficient foot for Bay Squatter. For the Queen's Guineas there is a splendid field of Ihorses, no less than nine being entered; eight of whlom will, in all probability, come to tihe post. Both Mr. Ryan's two are among the list, and I should place whichever of them starts as the winner, with Nonsueh seco-nd, and Tall Doll third. Four are entered for the Prince of Wales Stakes Young Stranger, Quadrant, O'Mears, and Distraction. This will certainly be a gift for O'Mearsa, none of the others being able to see the way he goes for any dis tanse. The Claret Stakes is the last event on the second day's card. There are five entered, and up to the pre se'it time three only are eligible, Grey Wallaby and Prince of Wales having won since they have entered. I see that the Courier prophet, "Nimrod," has stated that this is a good race for the bookmakers, and that Grey Wallaby is the most dangerous hlorse in the race. One would think that "Nimrod" was himself making abook when he thus misleads the public, as Grey Wallaby cannot start; and therefore the only in which bookmakers can profit by the race is by lay ing odds against horses that will not be allowed toput in an appearance. It must be admitted that this would be rather a shy way of making a pot. As it is doubtful whether Quadrant will not disqualify himself before the start by winning one of the races for which he is previously entered, I should place Miss Horwood as the winner, hier only opponent being poor old Acteon, who has had several bad nights lately. The third day begins well with the Corinthian Stakes. Seven are entered, three of whom ran for the Corinthian Cup in Brisbane-Shamrock, Doubtful, and Grasshopper. Tihe other four .consist of Free Selection, Kar, Sam Slick, and White Stockings. There is every probability of this being a good race, and that the two smallest horses in it will run first and second. I should place Kafr one, and Doubtful two, Shlamrock a good third. I do not think that White Stookings will live with the lot he has to meet, and should not be at all surprised if the old hurdle racer was distanced. As to Free Selection and Sam Slick, they can only by a miracle get situations. For the North Australian Plate, which is a very handsome prize, only three are entered-Nonsuech, Forester, and Madcap. This will certainly be asplen did race between thie first two named; but, as tihe dis tance is just a third too far for the grey horse, I think that they will come to the winning post in the same order as they are entered on the card. The Queensland Handicap Sweepstakes, the last race for which entrances have been received, brings together the best. field of the meeting. Here, again, diew Southl Wales and the best that Queensland can produce meet on pretty equal terms, each colony being well represented. There were ten entransces ; but two at least have declared half forfeit-Cock- a-ltIoop and Brown Wallaby, both having gone a little dotty. Thie other eight will, bar accident, put in an appearance. They consist of O'leara, Premier, Tall Tall, Chance, Prince of Wales. Stiis Horwood, Grey Wallaby, and Kildare. Where all are so good it is difficult to spot the winner; but if the tartan colours are not carried to the front by O'teara, I shall be much mistaken. A mile auod a-half is just the 'disloance for this hlorsec, anit he can go his best from the staort to the finish. For second I fancy the Prince of Wales, provided tle gets a rider who is not afraid ofhim. Thie ruck will not be far behind tt the finish, and will probably be led by Grey Wallaby and Premier. 