THE BROTHERS BANIM. . ? 9 ? The following entertaining reminiscences of the Brothers Banim are from the graceful pen of Dr. Shelton Mackenzie, of Philadelphia. We take them from the Press of that city conn dent that they will be read with interest by our readers, coming, as they do, from the pen of one | thoroughly acquainted with the subject : — ! Nearly forty-five years ago a classical play,' - ! Called 'Damon a-Sirl Pvf.llin.n ' W.1S nmrlnnari at Covent Garden Theatre, in London, in which Macready appeared as Damon, Charles Kemble, as Pythias, William Abbott (who died in this country in 1843), as .Dionysius, and the then lovely Miss Foote, now Dowager Countess of Harring ton^ as Heriaionc. Adapted for the stage by Shcil, afterwards the brilliant orator, it was written by a young man, then in his twenty fourth _ year, named John Banim, whose only preceding public performance had been a poem called 'The Celt's Paradise,' in which St. Patrick and Ossian play the leading parts. John Banim's play, though it has made per manent its claim to the stage (who can forget Forrest in it ?), was not very successful at first, though the critics spoke highly of it. Banim, who was 'a 'boy of Kilkenny,' had an elder ' bro-cher, still surviving, named Michael. After the play had been acted, the brothers took counsel together, as they loitered by the banks , of the clear and gontly-fiowing 2s ore. They de uwauiij.ou. v\j vuiuc ovuivuiiiug WHICH. uJlc wOliU. would -not willingly let die,' and finding the field of Irish fiction unpathed, save by Miss Edgeworth, whose dramatic Peeling was stunted, wrote three volumes of 'Tales by the O'Hafa Family,' boldly resolving to be in nationality, truthfulness, and naturalness, the Irish novelists. Michael, who was then only a shopman in a country town, wrote the powerful story of ' Crohoore of the Bill-hook,' in the hours stolen from sleep, and John, then in laborious literary employment in London,'- composed 'The Fetches' and ' John Doe.' ? One circle acted as critic on- the other. Michael's uon de plume was Barnes O'Hara ; John tak ing the name of Abel O'Hara. The 'Tales by the O'Hara Family,'' published in London in April, 1S25, were very successful from the .first. Indeed, it was affirmeed by many that nothing since Scott's first novels was equal to them. Next time John Banim worked alone, and the result was an Irish historical novel,1 'The' Boyne Water,!' published early in 1826, and much be rated for its politics. It was pruned audicorrected by Michael Banim. After this followed 'The Mowlams,'' a. powerful but pain ful story, which with '.Peter of the Castle,' formed the second series of the O'Hara Taks,-- and appeared in November, 1826. From that time to his death, in 1342, John Banim waff ? the Irish novelist — most of that time not living to write, but writing to live, .and in bad -health- nearly always. His best productions 'during' tluit time were 'The Smugdcr,' 'Bit o' Writin',' 'The Ghost Hunter,'' and' ':.f.iyor- of Windgap.' ' ?' ? LNTERCUAXGE OV VISITS BETWEEN' THE ROMAN' Catholic and iriiE 'Protestant 'Prelates at' -Malta. — We have already announced that the: Right Rev. the Lord Archbishop of Malta, Mgr. Gajetano Pace Forrio, of the Augustiuians, lately interested himself with the civil and mili tary authorities at Malta, to procure a remission of ; sentence and free ? pardon for two young officers of 23 Regiment;- condemned to three months' imprisonment for assaulting, in a inad frolic, n posse of policemen. Oil the oceassion not only did most of the military and naval officers of Malta make a point of calling on the archbishop -(as did the culprits themselves with their colonel on their liberation) to thank him,,, but the Right Ruv. Dr. Trower, Lord Bishop of' Gibraltar, did so likewise. On Friday, the 13th of January Dr. Trower, attended by the Vener* able Archdeacon Clough, the government chaplain, paid a visit to the Archbishop Mgr. Pace Forrio, who returned it on the following day. The exchange of civilities was of the most, cordial description, and each attended the other to the portals of their respective palaces. On the 12th of January, Mgr. Pace Forrio also returned the visit of Jiear .Admiral' Yelverton, C. B., on board of her Majesty's iron-clad steam frigate Caledonia, which received the prelate wauix Mi guaiu Ul 'liunuuij UJUU uclin.t IJlclVlIli* uli.15 National Anthem, whilst the crew manned yards, as they likevrisse did on his landing, and when a salute duo to the 'prelate's rank was fired. — Morning Herald. ' ? ''' ' '?' Thk Novel Writers op the Day. —It is a curious circumstance, says an Irish paper, that at this time nearly all the serial stories in the leading magazines are being written by Irish authors or by authors of Irisli'extraction. Thus, chat of the CornhUl, ' Armadale,' ' is by Mr. 'iVilkie Collins, whose father, the painter1, .was .a Irishman; that of Hind: wood, ''Sir Brooke '''esbrooke,1 is by Mr! Lever';1 'that in Macmillan -s by the Honourable Mrs. Norton, the daughter if ' Tom Sheridan ;' that in All the Year Round, The Second ivlrs. . Tillotson,' is by Mr. Percy ?'itzgerald : that in,£he Dublin University, by' -Ir. J- S. LoFanu ; that in Onceu TJ ed; by Mrs. L'raftord, author of 'George Geith ;' that in the -i'uHhnj Magazine, by the same ; that of Temple i'ur, by Mr. -Wills (Irish also) . and by Miss Braddon, who, it is rumoured, is of Irish extaie Uon, 