NEWS AND NOTES. Sunday was tlio anniversary of tiie separation of Victoria from New South Wales, and this day (Mon day) Trill be observed bb a holiday iDBtead, As allowing, however, that the observance will be par tial, wo may point to the County Court list of fraud summons cases in another column, which will bo heard by the judge ia the Eastern Police Court this morning. The holiday, in fact, lias always been a merely nominal one ol late years outside the Govern ment offices. The Tost Oflice will, however, be open only from 9 to 10 a.m., and from 4.30 to 6.30 p.m., but the mails will be despatched as usual. The telegruph offices throughout the colony will be open from 8.30 to 10 a.m., and from 5 to 7 p.m. The case against Michael Hanlan for firing at the mining manuger of the Albion Company during the underground alfray between that company and the Working Miners Company on the 13th June, was proceeded with at the District Police Court on Saturday, and resulted in the accused being com mitted for trial. Aa a reference to the report will show, the evidence is contradictory on the most ma terial part of the case-the firiug ol the pistol some of the witnes=CB, and the mining manager him self stating that the pistol was lired at him, whilst the police, whom the manager spoke to after the oc currence, agree in stating that ho told them the accused, although lie presented the pistol, turned and fired it in another direction. About nine o'clock oa tlie morning of Monday, 26th June (writes a local correspondent) Mrs Murruy, Stony Riae8 Diggings, souther little boy, William Murray, on au errand to a neighbor's house at a very short distance. Not returning in due time Mrs Murray became alarmed at his nou-appearance, and at once went in search of him. She learned from Mra Jones, to whom ho was aeut, that lie had obtained what he wanted, viz., a thimble, and had lelt to returu Lome. No further tracc of him could be lound. The boy was only four years of age. His remarkably gentle manner and intelligent face, made him a universal favorite. Shortly the people of the neighborhood joined in the search, eager to save the boy if possible. A glance at the water races, dams, and treacherous shaltB on every Bide, did not inspire hope. His very sudden disappearance, there fore caused all to fear the worst. The search was kept up in all directions for seven or eight hours, till sight closed, cold and wet. The hopes of all Bank, but the bitter wail of the poor father-"Sly poor Willie, my poor Willie,"-heard in the dark bush was truly touching. Some hours after nightfall, Mr Andrews, one of the horsemen, returned with the news that a little boy answering bis deacripttoa bad, by different persons, been seen going in the direction of the Moorabool river. After a freati sturt for the Moorabool, a distance of nearly live miles, and a further search, he was found safely lodged with a Mrs Casey, who iiad picked him up on the edge of the Moorabool, cold, wet, and so exhausted, that he could not tell his name. Under Mrs Casey's kind treatment, he had speedily revived, and was toler ably comfortable wheu found by his anxious friends. Neither the grief nor the subsequent joy of the parents can be described. On Saturday night- a man named John Wilson was arrested by senior constable Gorman on a charge of stealiug seven pairs of trowoers, from the iloor of the Exhibition Mart, Bridge street. The troweers were lying exposed near the door, and mu^t have been Btolen between eight and nine o'clock, as at the latter hour the constable on passing up Lydi ard street noticed the prisoner drop a bundle behind the fence at the side of the Union Buuk, uud after wards walk away towards Armstrong street. The constable having satisfied himself of the contents of the bundle waited until the prisoner returned to fetch it away, when he pounced on him, and suc ceeded in taking him to the lock-up. The constable had enough to do in securing the prisouer, who it is supposed has been implicated in various petty robberies ab'jut the town, which of late have been of rather frequent occurrence. After the prisoner was locked up another case turned up io which a chest of tea was stolen from the shop of Messrs Williams and King, Armstrong street, and through the active exertions of constable Gorman that charge will also be brought home to the prisoner, as the tea ha3 been found, and is now at the lock-up. It ap pears that the prisoner offered the tea for sale to Mr Cummins, of Wendouree Parr.de, and that gen tleman having accused him of stealing it, the pri soner knocked him down and bolted, leaving the tea behind him. The case will be brought before the Eastern Court to-day. A man named James Ilashn was arreBted on Sunday by constable Wolfe on a charge of Btealing a blanket from a tent situated in Skiptou street. Tlio blanket was found in the prisoner's possesion. On Sunday, 24th Juue, Mr Humphreys, carter, Sraythfciidule, went into the Carugham ranges for tho purpose of bringing heme a young bull of his which had been grazing there. lie found the animal appa rently very ill, and fearing that it miyht be suffering from pkuro-pn-jumonia, lio killed ic.« On taking oil the skin, however, he was surprised to find a number of Blug shots in its neck and windpipe. Mr Hum phreys, strange to say, never reported tlie matter to the police. The first quarterly mooting of the Independent Order of the liuchabites, Hose of Linton, Tent Mo. 53\. was held on the evening ol Friday, 29cli June, when the following officers were installed:-Br 0. Forrester, C.R.; Br T. Forrester, D.K.; Br Wilson, secretary ; Br E. Bryant, writing stoward ; Br E. Ferguson, money steward; Br VVm. Dudley, Levite; Br J. Dudley, guard. This order commenced with ten members, and now numbers about twenty. The following important regulations respecting public accounts have been approved by his Excellency the Officer Administering the Government, and the Executive Council:-"13. Officers in charge of departments and accountants are strictly forbidden from acting as agents for the receipt on behalf of the claimants of moneys due for Bervices rendered to their respective departments; aud no such order for payments of this description shall be honored by the paymaster to whom it is addressed. 14. Officers in charge of departments and accountants are strictly prohibited from obtaining signatures to forms of account, or orders for payment, unless euch forms and orders are duly and properly filled in." At a battalion parade of the Bendigo Rifles, held on Thursday evening, Captain Taylor read a query which had been submitted to the colonel-command ant, asking whether, if members who had resigned were to rejoin, tho time previously Berved by them would be reckoned in the five years' service required to entitle them to the 50 acres of land. Tho Attor ney-General and Minister of Justice had returned an answer in the affirmative, with which opinion Col. Anderson concurred. On the evening of Thursday, 28th June, two men named Robert Hearn and Joseph Longton, were putting in a shot in the mine of the Robin Hood Company, Happy Valley, when the powder exploded singeing Hearn about the face, and scorching the hands and arms of Longton. Dr Hoskins rendered the necessary assistance. The sufferers are now in a favorable state. The first of two amateur concerts in aid of the -locaj fire brigade, was given at the Lyceum Theatre, British hotel, Creswick, on the evening of Friday, 29th Juue, and was tolerably ouccosstul. The gross proceeds are stated to be about £13 7s. Tho meeting of the Clunes Borough Council was adjourned till this day. At tho rising of tho Geelong Insolvent Court on Friday, his Honor Judge Brewer Boid that he should adjourn the farther hearing of the estate of Hermann and Cohen until Monday fortnight, as he flaw that a point had been raised in the Supreme Court as to whether he had any jurisdiction in Baliarat cases. It would bo futile in him to adjudicate in a cnsoin which he had no jurisdiction, and really, on looking over the Act, he thought the point would be gained, as since the Act had been framed, Baliarat, Ararat, and other places had been cutoff as it were, from the Geelong Circuit. The following notice of reward appears in the Police Gazelle:-'To constable Michael Ahem, at the Junction, Baliarat, £3 has been awarded in acknow ledgment of his services in the prosecution of Thomas Lee Kow and Ann Jane Lee Kow for keep ing a disorderly house, sentenced to 6 and 12 months respectively. The number of cases of horse and cattle stealing during the week ending the 2Gth June shows a great iucrease upon previous weeks, no fewer than aixty ca9es having been reported to the police lor that period. The great majority of the cases oc curred at Adelaide Lead, Maryborough, and at Mos quito Gully, Amherst, on the night of the 19th inat., and it is reported that the catile missed from the latter place were seen to he driven away towards Avoca by two men riding on dark bay and a grey horse respectively. Several of tho cases also occurred in the Baliarat district. The following tenders for supplying the Creswick District Hospital during the next six months were accepted by the committee on Saturday, 30th June: J. Orr, groceries; Williams Brothers, meat; Janssen and Co, medical comforts; Robins, milk; Edwards, drugs; Grover, bread-the latter however only for three months. A boy, named Thomas McCarthy, between sis and seven years of ago, had his left thigh broken on Sun day morning whilst in charge of a calf, at Clayton's hill. It appears that he was leading the calf by a long rope, which became twisted around his leg caus- ing him to be thrown down, when he was dragged for some distance and sustained the injury described. He was removed to the hospital in the afternoon and the wounded limb was set. A miner at Mount Egerton, named John Boner, was received into the hospital on Saturday, suffering from injuries to his back, sustained by some ground having como down on him from the roof of a drive in which he was working.' Tho injuries are not so serious as might have been anticipated from such an accident. Tho second payment in tho Baliarat Permanent Building Society will bo made at the Mechanics' Institute this evening. Oii tho evening of Friday, 2Dth June, at tlio Gren vilhshiro ball, Linton, Mr Stewart Matthews in the chair), Dr Kichard Bangay, of Scaradale, delivered a lecture on astronomy, aa the first of a series of lec tures on scientific subjects, which Dr Bangay pur poses delivering in aid of the funds for improvements at the Woaleyan paroonage, Scarsdale. On the evening of Friday, 29 th Juno, a man named John Kussby, at work in the claim of the Golden Horn Gold Mining Company, was taking a truck down an incline, and when ho arrived at tho bottom tho truck somehow overturned, and the right arm of Kussby going between the truck and one of tho up rights, was broken by the collision. Tho sufferer was taken to Dr. Foster, who rendered the necessary assistanco. Osr advertising columns contain the programmo of the Choral Society's concert on Tuesday; It is an ample and excellent selection of first-class music, The programme for tho grand fete at the opening of the Orphan Asylum on Friday is now out, and it is a perfect wonder of attractions of, we hardly know yet how many kind3. We propose to give our readers some account at an early date of tho whole prepara tions for this festivul. On the evening of Wednesday, the 27th June, the installation of officers for the Buninyong lodge of Freemasons, took place at the lodge-room, Crown hotel, Buninyong, by Bro Scott, R.W., Grand In spector, assisted by Bro Edwards, K.W.P.G.M.; Bro Rowe, V.W.P.S.G.W., Bro Ellis, K.W.P.G.S.; Bro Martin, V.W.P.G.S.B.E.C.; Bro P.M. Brayshay, Bro P.M. Oliver, Bro P.M. Walker, Bro Bridget, W.M,; Bro Moore, W.M.; Bro. Bright, W.M. The following officers were installed:-Bro Ralph Ward, P.M., as W.M.; Bro R.M. Harvey, S.W..; Bro A. Scott, J. W ; Brother G. Selleck, treasurer; Bro John M'Ewan, secretary; Bro A. Austin, S.D ; Bro A. Dewar, J.S.; Bro J. T. Morgan, S.S.; Bro E. Bradshaw, J.S.; Bro J. Yde, tyler. After the instal lation, a handsome P.M. jewel and beautiful address were presented to Bro R. Ward, as a token of esteem from tho brethren of the lodge. After the business had been got through, tho brethren sat down to an excellent supper, and passed a very pleasant evening. A commission composed ol the following members lias been appointed to enquire into the working of the."Wines, Beer, and Spirit Sale Stiuute:"-Mr George Paton Smith, M.P. (chairman), the Hon. John M'Crae, II.L C., Mr John Thomas Smith,M.P., Mr John Edwards, junior, M.P., Mr Charles Edwin Jones, M.P., Mr John liichardsoii, M.P , Mr William Bavles, M.P., Mr Evelyn Pitfield Shirley Sturt, P.M., and MrJohnBenn. The designation M.P. (in place of H.L.A.) is given in the Gazette-the Attorney General's Iats3t assimilation of forms to the practice of the House of Commons, though a very old prac tice on the part of members of the Assembly when signing their names. The wreck of the steamship City of Launcenton, as she lies in the bay near the north entrance to the west channel, was sold on Friday at Lloyd's rooms, by Mr Lawrance, for the sum of £350. The pur chaser, it is understood, was formerly the engineer of the vessel. He has made a lucky speculation if he is favored by fine weather during the next few weeks. On Friday morning three convicts escaped from the French transport Sihylle, lying in Sydney harbor, in one ot the ship's boats. They were per ceived and fired on, but reached the shoro safely, and have not as yet been recaptured. A nugget has been found in M'Culloch'a claim, at at Jericho, on Tuesday, weighing eighty-seven ounces. It is the largest that has bb yet been found in tliat district. Hell's Life in Victoria gives the following latest betting on the Melbourne Cup:-100 to 7 agst Spar row Hawk, 100 to 7 agst Falcon, 100 to 6 agst Sea Gull, 100 to G agst Exile, 100 to 6 agst Yattendon, 100 to 5 agst Minstrel, 100 to 5 agst Toryboy, 100 to 5 agst Sultana, 100 to 5 agst Maribyrnong, 100 to 4 agst Kerosene (tk ir), 100 to 4 agat Warwick (tk fr), 100 to 4 agst Miss Fisher (tk fr), 100 to 4 agst Riverina, 100 to 4 agst Tim Whiffler, 100 to 4 agst Lady Heron, 100 to 3 agst Musidora, 100 to 3 aget Barwon, 100 to 3 agst Falcon, 100 to 3 ngst Playboy, 100 to 3 agst The Sign, loo to 3 agst Protection, 100 to 3 agst Austral, 100 to 2 agst Coventry, 100 to 2 agst Dun Dolo. " On Saturday last," says the Southland Times of the 20th June, "a party of diggers arrived in town from the lakes, on their way to Melbourne, at which place they have decided to winter. They state that mining operations are now much retarded, owing to the heavy falls of snow which have been experienced. They have done remarkably well, and hold a quariz claim of considerable valuej but have come to thj conclusion that during the next few months it would be impossible to get more than a day's work in a week, and decided on a visit to Victoria, to return on the first approach of spring." The rabbit coursing at the Turf hotel on Saturday was very well attended, and some capital sport was obtained. The Lancashire Bellringers held two entertain ments on Saturday, and closed their season here. Both the day and night performances were well patronised. We understand that the company pro ceeds hence to Geelong, and after further visits in Victoria, to Adelaide. " Camille " was produced at the Theatre Royal on Saturday and drew a tolerably good house. Ex tremes meet in this play, but with the objictionable elements io -it aa a public picture of life there is enough ol the human and true to touch human sympathies. We may ask why scenes that revolt should be presented or suggested, but suff^riug evokes pity and generosity admiration, even though a courtesan be the object. Nor do the improbable things of the Btory make the drama fail of enlisting interest. It is cot a play a man will take his wile or sister, or daughter to see very willingly any more than he will do a hundred other things by way of schooling them into contact with the night side of social manners, but those who do uot very much need the teaching may perhaps get some very good instruction out of the drama. At any rate " Camillo " has a certain sort of popularity both in its operatic and melodramatic form, and for the presentation at the Eoyal on Saturday niylit we may aay that it was played as effectively and with as much of discretion and delicacy as it ever haa been played with at that theatre. Miss Bowring's CaniiHe is one of the best we have seen there. It was full of excellent touches of naturalness and was played out with well-sustained power, the actress being two or three times called before the curtain. In this honor Mr Steele as Armand Duval shared. He enacted the character well all through, but we long to hear his line voice made more manageable. Like Othello he doeB not affect the " tender mood," not even when ho might do so with good effect, in EO far as more varied and subdued modulations of his voice are concerned. Now and then he seems cn the verge of a softer and more musical utterance, but the ear is disappointed, and tho elocution is like mere recita V3 1?ru89UQ withal. Mr South as De Varville and Mr Appletou as Uaston, as also IJr Hollowny as Alons. Duval played carefully, and thoy, wifh Mr Joyce as Oustave dressed well also. The play, in tact, was very carefully mounted. Mrs South as MlSfl Bj-oughton as Madame Prudence, and Miss Bryce as Nechette performed their several parts in good keeping with the general cast. As we have intimated, the play was well received, and at the cioae theretwas a vociferous call for the leading per formers. The farce "A Ghost in Spite of Himself" concluded the programme, which will be repeated this evening. We are glad to be ijble to thank Mr no "»na» n orchoBtral companions for stil) giving y music Buch us one can listen to very enjoyably, Occasional bits of very Bcratchy danco music ore however thrown . sound than music hm- '?. which " generalship to make th^h ?P3 'Wfa" 5l:" moro palatable. It certrL '" etkcii nf!-nnt?nimay milko "i'li; of contrast. 