CONGREGATIONAL UNION. The institution of a Congregational Union of New South Wales having for some time past engaged the attention of the members of this body, a meeting of the pastors and delegates from the various Congregational churches was on Tuesday evening held in the schoolroom of the Pitt-street church for the purpose of carrying into effect the canton' plated object. The chair being taken by the Rov. J. Graham, the provisional secretary (Mr. R.Nott) called over the nil of delegates, and the union was formed on the model of the Congregational 'Union of England and Walos, with the following fundamental principle:— 'That the Union of Congregational Churches ***** is founded on a fun recognition of their own distinctive prin ciple, namely, the scriptural right of every separate church to maintain 'perfect independence in the government and administration of its own particular affairs, and therefore that the Union shall not in any case assume legislative eulhoriry, or become a Court of Appeal.' A constitution was agreed upon, and officers appointed: Chairman, the Itev. J. Graham ; secretaries, Rev. J. E. Vetch, B. A , and Mr. Randolph Nott ; treasurer, Mr. John Fairfax, On Wednesday morning the pastors and delegates met at breakfast in the Temperance Hall, about eighty persons beine present. After the repast devotional exercises were engaged in, and various addresses were delivered en the subject with regard to which the assembly took place. The same evening a united communion was held ia St. George's Church. On Thursday evening a public meeting in connection with the Game subject was held in the Bourke-street Church. On the platform were the Revds. J. E. Vetch, B.A., C. Pitman, J. G.Fcaser, A.M., J. Graham, S. G. Kent, G, Howden, R. Hills, R. 'Wilson, S. Humphries, T. Gainford, J. Frazer, W. Slatytr, T. Johnson, E. Robinson, Mr. Garran, M.A.. and Mr. Legge. The Rev. J. Graham (woo occupied the chair) said, they bad met in support of a Congregational Union of New South 'Wales, which had already been formed, Soma might deem it a formidable association — might conceive that they were organising a defence, or premeditated aggression, and were preparing for attack. Certainly no such thing was in view. * The objects of the Union were its justification to the members and to the public, so far as an interest was taken by the public in them ; and he would call attention to those object*, so as tv impress them up-a the minds of those preetnt. The first was the cultivation of fraternal intercourse and affection among the associated churches. Surely this was a legitimate and worthy object of Congregational union. Perhaps they had auined against each other and against God, and he trusted that the cultivation of this intercourse aud affection would prove comforting in life, fur it was a good and pleasant thing for brethren to dwell together in unity. The secopd was the improvement and inoreaced efficiency of the several churches. This assumed that there was room f«r improvement in spirituality— in zeal for God— room for unproviaent inefficiency, bo that like the light of the world, they might illuminate the earth to penetrate And conserve ; and one object of the Union was to stir each other up to greater spirituality, greater zeal, greater efficiency, and greater effort to serre God by serving their generation. In the third place, they sought the concentration of the power of the churches, for the ?ustenance aud extension of religious agencies. It was said th.it their churches were scattered, incebesivc, and' a rope of sand. But they did not believe in formal cohesion. If union was compelled by laws from without or within, ft would not be a union of spontaneity, of love, and of brotherly kindness. Men had been compelled to meet to-, getlitr, and the result was fierce discussion; it had been the means of repelling their hearts to a greater distance from each other, though personally brought into closer con tact. There was bo power from without to compel the pre sent union ; it was the aspiration of the hearts of the people to be more united in Const and with each other, and to concentrate their resources, so that with greater efficiency they might do the work which the Redeemer had given them to do. They were comparatively a small body of Christians in this colony, act could he boast of the numerical strength of Congregationalists in England; but according to their ability it devolved upon them to serve the land in which they lived, not in organising a system of sectarian pro selytism, for that they abhorred, but on earnest evangelism. For this they desired to employ and sustain more agencies to do more work for God, seeking to do it more efficiently in the ranks of tbe united Church of Christ, and to carry light, life, peace and love throughout all parts of the colony. Here was the object of circulating the power, the moral force, of ten churches, and the pecuniary contributions. Then, again, in the fourth place, they sought the collection of denominational statistics. Small as was their body, they had often been represented as numerically smaller than they really were for want of the means of colltclinp their statistics. In the fifth place they had in view the pieservation of religious liberty. They did not believe it right to compel others to give up their sub stance to support their forms of worships, nor did they be lieve it right that they themselves should be compelled to give of their substance to support forms of worship other tban their own. It was a religious tyranny in any Legisla ture compelling men to act contrary to their convictions, by contributing to the support of forms of worship or modes of teachiug that they believed rnigkt be inconsistent with Chiislianiiy. Then tbe Congregational Union was organised to preserve religious liberty and op pose ecclesiastical tyranny to the utmost of their ability. In the Bixlh place, they sought intercourse with Congregational Churches and unions elsewhere. They might not be able to embrace so large a circle as the Union of England and Wales, but they might still widen to a great extent the field of their intercourse, by Congregational Unions in New Zealand, Tasmania, Queensland, Victoria, South and Western Australia, receive deputations, and hear what was doing with brethren among the Churches of those regions. The other object was united action on any matter which might affect the denomination. The great fundamental principle of the Congregational Union of England and Wales had boon adopted, that being founded upon a full recognition of the distinctive principle and scriptural right of every separate Church to maintain per fect independence in the government and administration of its own particular affairs— « union not assuming legislative authority, or becoming a court of appeal. They did not inteifere with tbe liberty of individual churches, with that liberty by which Christ had made them free. Every church, with its pastor and deacons, could manage its own concerns, and it the Churches of Cferist had maintained that form of government which wbb confessedly apostolic ond early in tbe Church, there never would have been a development of that spiritual despotism that had grown upon Rome, and stretched its iron red over the rest of Cferistc-ndom. Each church would have had powercoordi nate with the rest, and like a number of happy families, they might have united if any ote tyrannised over another. No doubt this Union would be valuable in giving advice should it be asked ; this would be free, but it might carry a moral weight that would tend greatly to the order, comfort, and progress of the churches. He trusted that they would, in their hunibk capacity, follow in the steps of the Congregational Union of England and Wales, and imitate its spirit. That Union numbered amongst iti members come of the foremost men in England as to intelligence, liberty, and all that could orn&mait; and strengthen humanity ; and whilst as a member of that great Union he listened to thsir utterances, he felt a throb of gratitude that he was permitted to stand side by side wiLU such men in the great work they had to do. He believed there was no ecclesiastical body in England which cxercifed so much power upon free thought and progress as this Congregational Union. It was an association of men struggling for light, earnest for progress in belief, in moral attainments ; the members were fettered by no creed, bound by no authority but by that of Jesus Christ in the inspired Word, and not pledged to a certain set of conclusions to which they must come if they took part in argument. They were free to go wherever the light directed them— free to believe and free to do what -they thought they were taught of God. Though that body might not have the prestige or peliti cal rank of other ecclesiastical bodies in the land, he was persuaded that its utterances had a power upon the free thought of England not equalled by the influence of any other body. In this the New South Wales Union would stand like them. He thanked God that no authority stood betwixt his conscience and Jesus Christ— that no human creed, however great, good, or old, cuuld utter its .diction and say to him, you must not struggle against it, but accept these cut and dry definitions, at the risk of losing your ministerial status in the Church of God. In this freedom there was a lesson for all Churches. There was no great body of Christians of such unanimity of belief and cordiality of co-operation as the Congregational Onion of England and Wales. Unfettered by human creeds and formulas, they took the Word of God, believing the spirit this inspired to be as good a guide to the sacred truths it embodied as any Council could have been. He attributed their unity to their not being coerced to believe any authority but Christ. Thus left to the free action of the mind and the influence of the Divine Spirit, they came to conclusions in which they could happily unite, becoming a bulwark of the truth of God, and a great army destined to do a great work in the struggles of faith against infideiity and unbelief in various forms. He trusted the New South Wales Union would follow in their footsteps, accepting no other creed but the Bible. Mr. Garkan said, being solicited to spe»k on this occasion, these ideas on individuality and union had arisen in his mind. We are inaugurating a Congregational Union, which is a unicn of Congregational churches. In doing this we recognise as far as the limits of our denominational action will allow, three facts — first that all our separate churches have a real bond of unity, to which a liviug symbol is now furnitbed ; second, that each of our churches has a separate individual existence; and, thirdly, that each church ia com posed of individual Christians. The Union is a great whole, but it is made up of parts, and eaub. separate part is a whole in itself. Scientific men are fond of analysing things, and tracing organization up to its elementary constituents. The ele mentary constituent of our Union is the individual Christian. We cannot carry our analysis beyond that point. Each atom is a separate but complete whole. In the eye of God he is not a fraction of humanity, or a chip nom a chunk, but a man. And as a man he is complete in his responsi bilities. He stands alone, and that responsibility he cannot ehare. Te every man is committed the sacred charge of his own destiny. His individual life is his personal possession. He can transfer it to no one, he can be robbed of it by no one. Your soul is your own. In this most sacred sense every human life is lontly. Alone, and in solitude you wrestle with temptation, in solitude you form your vows, in solitude you dedicate yourself in prayer, in solitude you die, end in solitude you stand arraigned before the bar of the Eternal righteousness. I do not mean that no human being is in sight or sound of you, but that your soul is lonely. The presence and contact of bodies is not necessarily the presence and contact of souls. There is no place so lonely as a crowded city if you are a stranger there, without a friend snd without a home. The most sacred enemies of your soul have been the most secret. It is instinctively so. In your deepest moments your individuality asserts itself,~and you shrink from even-one. It would be painful to know that any human eye was witnessing all that passed within you. When you talk to others of your experience, it is with some reservation. You do not disclose the whole. You are partly a secret to your dearest companion. There are comers in the heart from which you never lift the veil. Confession is good for the soul, but no one ever confessed fully to man. There are deeps in the heart which no confessor's plummet ever sounded. Philosophers say that the ultimate particles of matter are always separate and detached— that the infinitely small molecules, though so close together, never actually touch each other — Hat there is an atmosphere of repulsion surrounding each one, that squeeze them never so close under any hydraulic pressure you like you never force them together. So it is with the human soul. Each of us has a separate identity. No soul can be amalgamated with another soul, No Church organisation can destroy our individualism. We may be united, we can never be smelted together into an indistinguishable mass. We are separate existences, The atmosphere of individual respon sibility surrounds us. None of us can by any xaftaBB ledeem his brother. Your minister cannot save your soul, or cause it to be saved. The fondest mother who yearns for the salvation of her dialing girl, and who w-mM do anything and suffer aay tbing to secure it, cannot save her. The devoutest father wLo with the intensity of David's yearning over Absalom, is ready to cry — 'O my son, would God I could die for tlee,' ceDnot offer to God a ransom for him. His spiritual life must be his own act, and not that of another. So separate ore we all— so isolated and detached. Yet combined with this isolation, though not destroying it, ia association. Men unite, and for various purposes, and with diftsrent bonds of union. The family is the social uniou, the nation is the political union, and the Church is the spirituil union. The Church is a congregation of faithful persons. Each Mich faithful person takes with him into his church nil his rights as well rs bis duties. Ho casts none of his peisosal ob'igations on to the associated body, nor docs the body take from him any of bis rights. His belonging to a Church is a voluntary association of himself wilh taoss who Are likeminded. But hu retains his individualism still ; his right to seek tbe truth and to utter the truth, to determine the right and to do the right. The Churoh, as such, acquires no authority over his belief, nor can it claim any coMrol over his right of private judgment. The Church u no yoke of bondege, lie is a fret Christian max, em powirtd to work out his own salvation, aud not to have it v rougbt out for him for church agencies, and he is respon sible to God and not to the Churoh fir the way ia which he woiks towards the Divine ideal of his lif--. A. company of men so self-governed uniie for common purposes- for runtual encouragement — for edification— for Cue enjoyment of oidinaaces— for public worship— for sustaining schools end visiting ae-enctes-for the irapp rt of the preaohingof the Gospel, and for the maintenance of an open sanctuary where the retidc&tscf; the neighbourhood miyoomeand hear Divine truth expounded and enforced. Such a com pany of self- governed men is self-governed also in lu cor porate capacity. The Union is voluntary amongst its mtnibfrs, and is due te no compressive force from without. If it should receive pecuniary support from abroad, such rapport comes as a free gift, and the money purchases no authority. In the choice of pastors and rulers— in tue ad mission and rejection of members— In all its selfgovern ment, each church may do as it pleases; — do what teems best to answer (he end of ito existence, and is not obliged to imitate the modes of other churches. It is distinctive of our polity that we thus make each such congregation a separate and complete whole in itself, not a mere fraction of a whole. We do not treat our denomination as one church, or this union as one church, but we recog nise each separate congregation of faithful men as a church, as complete in its powers and organization as if it were tho enly one of its sort in existence. We do not unchurch any congregation that does not belong to this Union— we do not add to the church powers of any that do. We are not making a new church— we are Dot constructing any new ecclesiastical organisation or hierarchy. We are simply associating together churches which meet on equal terms, just as each church associates members who meet on equil teims. It is a fundamental principle of our Union thit the separate completeness of each church is not to be interfered wilh. The merits oF our ufiion are the separate churches, just as the units of each. Church are its separate members, The union is voluntary— no church is compelled to join it. It is destitute of all authority except such as for its objects is from time to time delegated to it. The right as well as the power to resist overstrained autho rity always existf. Our union is not a republic, one and indivisible. No church sovereignty is lost by coming iuto it. The t acred right ef secession ever remain* unimpaired, nor will civil oj ecclesiastical war ever arise nut of the attempt of any churches to retire. To join in this union U not an irrevocable sttp — for better for worse. The right t» retire lenmirjs ever of equal force with the right to join. This freedom to secede acts as a check to prevent dur union from becoming an organic whole— a new and controlling ecclesiastical organisation. It keeps it always a union and nothing more— a union so long as there is enough union of feeling to keep in existence. If that fi cling should vanish, it would vauish loo. It can cot survive the spirit that gives it birth. It cannot become an effete organization from which all the life has departed — the form and mould merely of the spirit of a past age. Our Union may at any time be imperfect by not inclu ding the whole of our churches. As a Congregational Union it can never do more than represent the oneness that pervades churches of our own order. But as far as it goes it strives towards the symbolising of the unity of all churches — the unity in diversity of Christendom. Our little union is the union of Beparate wholes. The great union of the Church of Christ is the union of separate wholes, end we. look to the Finallcr as prefiguring the larger. Yes, we are all one. Amid all our difficulties we are one. In spite of all eur quarrels we are one. Through all the churches of all the denominations there runs one curreat of purposes, there beats one pulse of life. There are many faces, but they are all the type of one family. There are many names, but they are alt the surnames of brothers, and are all called after one father. They march in separate phalanxes, but they all go towards one point of the heavenly compass. They carry varied banners, but all ore sur mounted by the sign of the cross. One Lord, one faith, one baptism, one purifyiDg hopo in life, one sustaining trust in death, one common home beyond the grave. I believe in the Holy Catholic Church, usA the commu nion of saints, not merely the communion of Con gregationalist saints, not merely the union of Episcopalian saints, not merely the union of Presbyterian saints, not merely the union of Wesleyan saints, but the union of saints. If this union while it binds all the churches of our own order together were to isolate us from other churches, if it were to foster sectarian jealousy, if it were to lead us to feel a diminished interest in the work of other churches, aud to disparage their efforts, it were better that we dissolved our union to-night, ftp ! let the union among our selves foster a spirit of union with all other Christians. Let Ihe independency of our own thinking and actions teach us to respect the diversities of Christian development we find all around us. Let our sympathies be given everywhere, where the name of Christ is named, and where the work of Christ is done, and let every one who is affellow worker with the Saviour be esteemed a fellow worker with us. So shall we best prove the genuineness of our own personal religion, so shall we best vindicate the training of our own Church principles, and so shall we best press toward the glorious day when the Church shall have absorbed the world, and when the Kingdoms of the earth shall have become the Kingdoms of our God and of His Christ. The Rev. J. E. Vetch then addressed the meeting on the subjects' Christ, the centre of unity.' We found in the sacred record that immediately after the account of the fall came tbe account of the first murder, showing that upon separation from Goi there followed separation of man from man, quarrelling, diecord, and all the evils that selfishness, rapacity, and other follies had brought ever upon the human race. So these evils had marked every page of the world's history ; but there had come at times through the ages upon one and another tbe idea of obtaining some sort of unity in this chaos. Perhaps the first and most natural idea had been that of conquest. A man of strong mind gaining influence over others conceived the idea of dominion, and became desirous that his will should govern other wills, and ; so he formed a kingdom, province after province became sub ject to Ids eway,4-ut it waa not so that unity could be brought about. Great empires, founded upon blood and built up by conquest arose ; a few short years rolled away and they were not, and empire after empire crumbled into dust. Then came men with wiser and better speculations— those who would construct a sort of artificial community, and, from the republic of Plato to the Utopia of Sir Thomas More, we had pictures of eome happy place where all the power of the community should be devoted to promote the welfare of every individual member. The thought of bringing men together had been the dream of philanthropists, and the song of poets all through the world's history. Should the nations be brought together to show how much better were the fruits of peaceful industry than the ark of war? Alas! very soon afterwards war broke out with more violence than had been known before. Should civilisation produce unity ? As men found how much of internal peace and happiness in the nation would be destroyed by war, would this effect that purpose? England, France, and America, the three nations highest in the world's civilisation, gave a distinct answer to that question. Should Congress effect the desired result ? should schemes which would refer all the differences between nations to fomegreat committee of arbi tration accomplish it F No , all would foil. But the same unity which had been spoken of by secular philanthropists end poets had sJso occupied the thoughts of holy men of old, inspired by the Holy Ghost, and they had foreseen far more clearly the times of unity, when there should be no more violence or wasting, vhen nations should beat their swords into ploughshares, and their spears into pruning hooks. Their visions were seen to be drawing nigh to their fulfilment,— when angels lent from heaven their voice and sang, Glery be to God in the Highest ! peace on earth, and goodwill among men ! Christ became the centre of unity. Discord was the work ef the deviL and Christ was manifested that he might destroy the works of the deviL God came near to this broken and disordered humanity nearer than in the thunders of Sinai, or than in the voice of the prophets. He was manifested in the flesh as loving man, and eo attracted man to himself. No other meanB should unite (he nations, but this would do it. When Christ's laws were deep in the hearts of men, and nations had learned Messiah's name, the lessons of His life and Bis mission, then there would lie deep in that nation the solid principles of a lasting peace. As nation after nation should be penetrated by the Gospel of Christ, peace should grov throughout the world until war should cease to be known, oud there should be the brotherhood of nations and the federation of the world. The same thing that was essential for union among nations was also necessary in eocial life. God had placed the strong natural instinct of love in the farxily to its members, and they were also bound together for a time by considerations of self-interest. TheBe attachments and ties, however, were liable to become weak; and it was only as father and mother, brother aud sister learned of Christ; — learned to be self-denying, to be humble — it was only as they became Christians in heart and life that permanent peace and unity would be main tained. Christ was the centre of unity to the family, and a unity that should nut be for earth alone but that should lost throughout eternity. Passing from these phases of life to the Church, we found that there, too, the work of the devil had produced discord. How many sects and various denominations there were, how bitter was the theological hatred, what perse cutions there were on account of rohgion ! How was this to be remedied. Let us trust to Christ, and let him be our centre of unity. Let us bo but able to recognise the spirit of Christ working in a man, aud, if we find nothing to contradict his profession that bo loves the Saviour, let us not withhold from him the right hand of fellowship. We were not, as might be objected, seeking to form some strong body that was to bo instead of Christ. We did not come here to produce union, but to express a union of sympathy that had always existed amongst us. (Applause.) We came here to give some utterance to that epint and to provide eome regular moans to carry out cer tain purposes that these sentiments suggested to us. Every spirit wanted a body, and so our union needed a voice by which to utter itself, and an organisation to enable it to accomplish what it had to do in tho world. We knew no interference with tbe liberty of individual churches, and it was enough that wo were ono in Christ. All churches would bo esteemed alikeirrespoctivo of whether they belonged to the Union or not. Our Union did not rest upon raits and delegates, but upon our unity in Christ. If we slackened in our earnestness for Christ, if we ceasod to bave the spirit of unity, that came from Him, all tho forms of unity would not keep us together. Some sects, looking at the future, might think that all others would eventually etirae to join them ; others, not so presumptuous, thought, that there would always be denominational differ ence to the end of the world ; that we should go side by side until we all came into the same Heaven, and resolved our differences there. AU saw eome part of the truth, aud would eventually recognise that others were right as well as tbcy. As a denomination, we hod truths which pBrhaps we alone hfld forth to the gaie of the world; and our Presbyterian and Wesleyan brethren, from their points of view, saw other truths of equal importance As each denomination rose nearer to Christ, so each would sse truth more fully, would have a wider vision, and would come clort-r to each other. He should be ashamed to say that he believed our mode of Congregationalism would become universal, neither did he think that any of tho existing miu of chorea government would tfeoorrie so. But there were truth* that we held dearly, and those principles would become universal. The Churoh of Christ should be one, and hs fhonght that the principle we held was important to that eS* because it allowed each congre gation of believers to faoM their own view of the truth, to, have their consciences to ti&meelves; and to God ; thus each could walk together side by aide before God, acknow ledging each other as sister churches, and so there should be a unity in Christ all the world through. Christ was the way, the (ruth, and the life, the centre of unity for nations, families, and churches. 1 he Rev. Wixliak Sljittek said we had not been told by what force the organism of the Union was to be moved. 'Was it not beautiful to think that, when Christ came into the world, He took a human individuality as thorough and complete as any i He made this human individuality the vehicle through which He exercised divine virtues snd expressed eternal principles. Did He not, after He had lived just, gather up all the virtues He had exhibited in His life, and in His death gave them their last, their highest, their moat finished expression t Did He not ultimately bind them to His owa cross, assigning them there a sort of local habitation, from which they should never be severed, with it they should always ap pear, and by it be always enforced P And had He not, crucified, in that supplied the very forces and the motive which was (o accelerate the action of His followers F He took it that the Cross was the centre of Congregationalism. The diviner it was, the worse it became when men meddled with it ; it became almost a chaos as soon as anything human and not thoroughly spiritual entered into it. It would, if fairly carried out, exhibit the principles and virtues that came into their most glorious display at the cress of Christ ; and hence it appeared to him a very proper thing for them to have mot last night around the table of their Lord to commemorate His death, and there to initiate this Union which took its spiritual life out of that death. Christ in Bis death exhibited the sublimest expression of love that the universe ever witnessed. But why should suffering be expressive of Divine love ? It was because that love mwt act itself out in a righteous way, must operate on a basis of truth and righteousness as inflexible as that love was infinite. Hence the two groat forces of our union should bo righteousness and love. But a love, not operating in the way of self-sacrifice would never be productive of tho union we wanted, and it was only when the two went forth inseparably together vigorous and beautiful, that they would replenish the earth with a family of virtues that should find their maturity and con summation in Heaven. (Applause.) Mr. Leooe next addressed the meeting. He thought that the power of sympathy was perhaps the most potent moulder of human affection and belief that God had planted amongst us. The child who, day after day, witnessed his father's conduct, his bodily carriage and mental character would in the smallest details of personal habit, and in the minntest traits of mental' character, exhibit a resemblance to its father. The insect assumed the charac ter, tho colour, and, it might be, the form ot the vegetation on which it lived. The birds of Southern climes ever dis plajed gorgeous hues that prevailed there, while those of Northern skies showed a plumage to correspond. So it was with man : upon what his spirit fed, by that would his character be formed and distinguished. It was emineatly so with the body, and it was likewise true in the form of mind and Christian character. All the nourishment and essence of tho Bible might be in creeds but they wanted the relish and freshness which the Scrip tures presented to the soul. Standing forth on toe pages of that Book was the one peerless characterof Jesus Christ — per- fect God and perfect man — and our affection and sympathies all looked to Him so that we might gain, if we were faithful, that boldness of Christian character that otherwise would be impossible. It was said by scientific men that the surface of every plant had upon it a certain substance which had the power to absorb certain of the many-coloured rays of light that fell from the sun and to reflect others which were not absorbed back upon the mind's eye, the rays so reflected constituting the colour of the flower. So every man and woman had the capacity of reflecting some of tho many and lovely tints that fall upon them from tho like character and form of the Sun of Righteousness. It was true, indeed, that there was a common sunlight falling upon these plants, but then we knew there was an instinct by which they sepa rated their own individual ray and delivered it back in all its purity. So it should be every Christian man's endea vour to ascertain what peculiar light he could cast upon the world, what peculiar sorrow, grief, or suffering he could gild and beautify, what peculiar darkness he could dispel, what peculiar style of 'soul he could enlicrhten and cheer. Thus God had everywhere manifested diversity in unity and unity in diversity. Here, within God's Church we should manifest the cemmon likeness to Christ as brethren and a common diversity of workmanship as Christian men. When you dropped the smooth pebble into the still pool, circle after circle radiated from it, and the nearer each circle to the pebble the more perfect was it; the farther it was removed the less distinct and more broken it became. When Christ came into the world, he troubled the waters of the human soul, and they had ever radiated from that great centre, across the Sea of Galilee, away up through the blue waters of the Mediterranean, through Greece and Borne. And so that influence went on. Every Christian was the wave; the nearer he was to Christ the more he would be like his Master, and the more he weuld resemble his brother, the fellow-Christian; the further he receded from Him the more did he lose his power and became deformed and impaired by the influences around him. Alter some remarks from the Bev. S. C. Kent, Mr. Bakdolph Nott, snd the Cuaibman, the doxology was sung, and the liev. T. Johnson concluded with prayer. 