OLIYER OAKLAND. ( Concluded from our last. ) I went home, not knowing what to think. Had his newly-discovered Cynthia really attracted my friend, and made him waver in his allegiance to the pretty Bessy ? If so, the promise to guide his steps to riches and prosperitv must be the chief charm ; yet how could Oliver, shrewd and sensible as he was, believe such a thing possible to a small shop- keeper in Trumpington-street ? The Steerer's gatherings could not be a temptation to a man like him, yet I had seen Oliver earnestly engaged with her ; it was not the best or cheapest of her goods that brought him there at such an hour, after warning me to keep the subject of her letters out of the students' ears. In my contempt and indigna- tion at his deceit, I wished my word had not been given on that matter ; but given it was, and noth- ing remained but to give Oliver the cold shoulder. I tried it for some days ; almost weeks, indeed ; Oliver saw nothing of me, and I saw nothing of Oliver. He did avoid me, so far as I could see, but he did not seek me out : conscious guilt, thought I ; but somehow the man had become too needful to my life and mind to be thus parted with. 1 went to his rooms at our usual meeting-time in the even- ing, but he was out. I guessed where, watched about Trumpington-street, and saw him come out of the Steerer's private door. Next day, we met by accident, and I took the opportunity to congra- tulate him on being admitted to Cynthia's bower. Oliver looked as if any other observation would have been more welcome, but he was by no means as much abashed as I expected ; on the contrary, he made light of it, like one who was carrying on a jest, talked more gaily and carelessly than ever I had heard him, and in reply to my question, ' What will Bessy say ?' he merely said : ' Oh, never mind Bessy ; she is a prudent girl.' Oliver was engaged with the Steerer; a pretty strict watch proved to me that he visited her every evening after shop- hours, and Oliver was changed in every particular. Of me, his only intimate friend, he had grown positively careless ; his less familiar acquaintances remarked that something occupied him more than his usual studies ; he was absent at lectures, and took no heed of what was said to him. Still, for our friendship's sake, I would not make the cause of his altered conduct public, knowing that it must make Oliver ridiculous ; and I had scarcely taken that resolution, when a new and strange light was thrown on the subject by Mrs Mops, my bed-maker. All who chance to be acquainted with college- life will know what an indispensable functionary the bed-maker is to every student ; for she who bears that humble title is, in fact, the sole manager of his domestic affairs. Mrs Mops was a jewel of the kind, honest, careful, and sober, of discreet age, for she had been forty years at the bed-making business, and it was her boast that she never did for nobody but steady gentlemen. Mrs Mops had a discreet tongue, too — a gift rare among the ladies of her calling — and as she officiated for Oliver as well as for me, I was somewhat startled by the good woman saying, with a peculiar look when lighting my fire one evening : 'May I ax, sir, if anything strange has happened to Mr Oakland ?' 'Nothing that I know of. What makes you think there has ?' said I, determined to hear all she had to say. 'Just because he has taken to such odd ways, not like himself at all ; their ain't nothing wrong nor unsteady, you know, but just uncommon strange.' and Mrs Mops dropped her voice to a whisper. ' He's never at his books in the evenings, as he used to be, and I can't find out where he goes. He's always a-thinking and a-talking about some- thing to himself ; it ain't learning, sir, for he laughs and whistles over it. But the strangest thing of all is what the gardener's wife tells me, that he's going about the college-grounds at all hours of the night, ay, in the loneliest part of them, sir, where the old Dutch summer-house stands among the willows besides the river.' I dismissed Mrs Mops with a request for secrecy ; she manifestly thought as I did concerning Oak- land; had a great regard for him; and being no gossip, would probably keep her promise in that respect. Then I sat by the fire, pitying his poor mother, his poor Bessy, and wondering what I ought to do as a friend under the circumstances, till my brown-study was broken up a knock at my door and in walked Oliver himself. He shook hands with me as warmly as if our friendship had never cooled, and took his accus- tomed seat beside me. There was nothing wild or disorderly in his look, but I knew he had something particular to say, and the next minute it came : 'Westwood, you are the best and only friend I ever had; and I want you to help me through a business which few men have to do often. Bessy and I are going to get married quietly and quickly. You may stare, but it is true ; I have got the means to keep her handsomely ;' and Oliver's eyes seemed to dance with joy. ' Don't be alarmed ; I am in my right mind, Westwood ; I have got my grand- uncle's long-lost money. Listen ! The old fellow had hidden it under the floor of the Dutch summer- house, where he used to sit day and night, they say, in his latter years; and left a sort of will written in Greek, the purest Attic, I assure you, bequeath- ing the whole hoard to his next of kin, with parti- cular directions where to find it. The will — I don't know how — got into the hands of a dealer in waste paper, who sold it in a bale of his goods to our friend Cynthia, many years ago. I am not sure that the old witch behind the partition yonder don't use the like in the choice Havanas she makes up ; at any rate the bale was bought, and my grand- uncle's will in it. The Greek characters were be- yond the Steerer's scrutiny, but the old master had written his name at full length, in English letters, on the back ; and either the Fates, or the faculty for scenting out money, peculiar to her Jewish race, made her keep it out of the Havanas, and safe in a private drawer. It appears that unfortunate fellow who got into trouble between her and the bed- maker's daughter, and escaped escaped them both by the brain fever, gave her an inkling of its value — by the by, he could not have been a good Gre- cian, or there should have been little for me to find. So the Steerer took to promising riches and prosperity ? you remember her letters, of course, Westwood ; it must have been my good genius that prompted me to make out what she meant by that.' 'And you made it out,' said I getting sure enough of Oliver's sanity ; ' made love to the charm- ing Cynthia over her shop- counter ; got hold of the paper and thereby the money.' 'That was exactly what I did, Westwood,' and Oliver winced as he spoke. ' It was not strictly honorable, I'll allow, but what else was to be done with the woman ? However, I have bought Beechly Farm, which will keep Bessy and me com- fortably, in my own country. My mother shall live with us ; or, if she can't agree with Bessy, though I think anybody might, she'll have a cottage to herself at the end of the lane. You and I will be neighbors, and I hope friends, for the rest of our lives ; but, Westwood, I must get married at once. If the thing were done, matters might be settled with the Steerer ; I have kept a decent sum to pay her off. Will you help me to get the licence ? will you give Bessy away ? There will be nobody but yourself at our wedding ; my mother must know nothing of the business till it is done. West- wood, can I reckon on you?' How he went about the first part of the business, I never exactly learned, but it appeared to have been successfully managed ; and when he called at my rooms in the evening, Oliver was perfectly en- thusiastic in the Steerer's praise. 'She stood it like an angel,' said he. 'I never imagined she could be so sensible and considerate ; never scolded, never cried — though, between ourselves, a fib was the least that I expected — but seemed to under- stand at once that the thing was done, and accepted it with uncommonly good grace. By the by, I paid her down two thousand pounds, in lieu of my- self, you'll say. Well, Westwood, it clears one's conscience ; and I must tell you the old woman was as friendly as Cynthia; she knew all about the affair, of course ; and between them, they made me promise that Bessy and I should spend Saturday evening with them. A queer visiting-place for a young bride ; and they brought it about so that I could not refuse, and Bessy is not like ordinary girls to stand on a trifle. I have taken apartments in town, and written to my mother. I couldn't take Bessy home without knowing how she would be received ; but I won't have her staying any longer with those old prigs at the institution.' Oliver and I had a good deal of conversation re- garding his prospects, which indeed seemed fair and pleasant. He did not tell me the exact sum he had found hidden under the coloured tiles in the summer-house floor, but it must have been a hand- some one. He had bought Beecchly Farm, a very comfortable property; told me how he would enlarge the house, lay out the grounds, have done with college- life, and spend the rest of his days in the manner of Palemon, now that he had found his Lavinia. With these fair hopes, Oliver went from me that night, after exacting a promise that I would come to see him and Bessy at their new address on the following Sunday, for, till then, he knew I must be busy with certain reading that had to be done, and country cousins that were to be shewn over Cambridge. Well, that Sunday came; the reading and the lionising had been got through, and I was dressing at an earlier hour than usual, when my room door suddenly opened, and in rushed Oliver looking like a ghost. ' Westwood !' he cried, 'for God's sake, eoine with me and see Bessy ; she awoke this morn- ing out of her mind. I have sent for three doctors, and they can do nothing for her. O my friend, come and tell me what you think.' I went with him to a very respectable lodging, and there found poor Bessy stark mad. No other term could give an idea of her condition ; she knew nobody, she recollected nothing — her husband, her marriage, her honeymoon, all were forgotten; and her inco- herent ravings always recurred to something about two old women and wine. No cause could be as- signed for the sudden visitation. She had been in good health and spirits on the preceding evening, which the new-married pair spent according to promise with Miss Josephs and her nurse ; she re- tired to rest without any noticeable change, and woke at the break of day in frantic madness. To make a sad tale short : all that medical skill and experience could suggest was tried for poor Bessy, but tried in vain ; her insanity was hopeless, and without one lucid interval, nor could all the doctors engaged throw the smallest light on its cause. There was indeed a suspicion hinted at by one of the old professors, and firmly believed by Oliver, that some drug, of extraordinary and pecu- liar power, had been mixed with something which the unlucky bride had eaten or drunk in the house of her paid-off rival. Whether the suspicion were true or not, the Steerer and her nurse made a mighty show of regret and commisseration ; but their shop got deserted, and they left Cambridge very quietly at the next quarter-day. My poor friend spent the rest of his days on the farm he had bought, and his mother lived with him ; but his bride spent hers iu a lunatic asylum, where she survived him many a year, for he died early, a man broken down and worn out before the time ; and so must end my tale of Oliver Oakland. A Classical Blackfellow. — An old over- lander gave us (Pastoral Times) a curious ac- count of his meeting with an educated black- fellow some time since in Queensland. The former had been out exploring, and was return- ing, having come upon three tracks and not knowing which, to take, he sat down and lighted his pipe. Presently up walked jauntily a smart looking blackfellow, whose only clothing was an opossum rug, so the overlander addressed him in broken English, as we usually talk to the blacks. He asked the aboriginal which of the three tracks before him he ought to take on his route. The black man drew himself up, looked down on the white man, and in a dramatic manner said, "medio tutissimus ibis." The white man, who had not forgotten his Latin, was astounded, and to satisfy his senses he re- peated the question, when he met with the same reply, delivered more emphatically — "medio tutissimus ibis." " That is, ' said the black man, " take the middle road, it is the best." White and black then sat dowu together. The latter turned out to be an aboriginal sent to a school in Sydney at the expense of a squatter, who had discovered the blackfellow's capacity for knowledge ; but, faithful to his instincts, the latter, after being educated, bolted into the wild bush, preferring a state of nature, with all its disadvantages, to the restric- ted freedom of civilization. He was named " Bungaree." Being a smart fellow and excel- lent shearer, he would go shearing in the proper season, and having thereby accumulated some money usually laid it out in tobacco, cheap prints, tomahawks, and gewgaws, with which he joined his countrymen, where he remained until the shearing again came round. It may be doubted whether the oft-repeated Latin proverb was ever more wittily applied by a white man. 