Cnowm: i) Out. — Press of advertisements compels us to hold over our Leading Article and other matter. Siaxou A'ertelli — One of the most successful per formances of this exhibitor was given on Wednesdnv evening in Pone's Cromovno Gardens. Tho trapeze feats wore witnessed with evident satisfact ion by a largo crowd of spectators. The scene was somewluit start ling and weird-like. Tlio lull gum trees standing ghost like over the up-turned faces, every expression of which was revealed by the intense light cast on them from two largo fires, the Bohemian groups under the trees, (lie gymnast standing like a statue on tlio rope, sharply defined against tho dark background of sky, whilst, the rich glow of the fire brought out into strong relief llis splendid muscular development. Tho lent of catching the advancing trapeze by the feet, let ting go the Irnpozo hold by the hands and swing him self by tho aid of his feet to tlio noxt, was performed wiLli great success. A more difficult feat, perhaps, is turning from light to left right round in transitu, and catching thc-advanciiig trapeze. If it should not come to time there would be a desperate fall. This feat was also successfully accomplished. Tlio light was parti cularly good when just wanted, and showed every more- meut on tho rope. M. Vortclli has proved himself en titled to tako a high place in his dangerous profession. He has executed t ho most difficult trapeze feats with an caso and grnco thulhnvo wo never seon surpassed. Tlio spectators testified their appreciation of tho perform ance by rcpouted rounds of upplnuso. Mr. Lewis eon- Iributed a good deal to the pleasure of the ovening. Mr. Louis Heeke, the leader of tho baud, lias infused into it his own accuracy and finish of touch. This baud should bo secured for tho races by the comuiittco if they wish for good music. District cotjjit. — The criminal sittings of this Court will bo opened by Judge lnnes at ten o'clock, to day. Tho punctual attendance of jurors will, it is very probiiblu, be insisted upon this time. At tlie last sittings Judge limes showed great indulgence to slow paced inrymon, it cannot be expeeted time this system will be continued, and wo would recommend jurymen to bethink themselves of tlio public interest and their poekots and appear in time. Tho following are tlio Criminal Cases : — Thomas Mcnloy, horso-stcaling (two charges) : George AVilsen, alias Andrew Harvey, and Henry Morris, horse-stealing (two charges) ; .Tames O'Noil, stealing a watch ; James Wilson, forgery ; James Wilson, stealing u saddle ; Joseph Shepherd, stealing a cheque ; Sam, (Chinaman), assault with in tent j Margaret Sullivan, stealing from tho person ; William Sherwood, unlawful disposal of a horse ; Wil liam Robinson, stealing a laud order ; Alfred Stevens, obtaining money under false pretences. Collins" Like. — Not of stcamors but of screamers, mid those who wish to onjoy themselves by this Aiue will have amplo opportunity on Tuesday evening, tho 10th instant, at. Chappie's Musiu Hull, when Funny Collins, assisted by a regulnr host, of talent, will cngugo to make his audience laugli (if not. grow fat) till their sides ucho. Collins has indubitably a fund of merriment in bis composition, which seems inex haustible; but, like most of bis brother professionals, ha likes a good bouse to draw him out, und bo deserves one. What we Can Grow. — It has been assorted over and ovor again that Northern Queensland must, bo loft for slieup and caHlo, that it can perhaps produce cotton mid sugar, but nothing else. Tluit theso are oxtronio views ovovy day's experience proves. One fact well established is worth a thousand theories. Wo liavo before us samples of agricultural produce grown withm ii mile of Roekhnmpton, in Michel's garden, which speak for themselves. Tlio garden contains about 14 acres, and is all under cultivation. Thorn nro about o acres under oats, which Mr. Michel finds tho best paying orop, as lie has Hold it tit ;C14 per ton. lho present crop looks in lino condition, tho slums being quite 3 feet high. Anothor lnrgo |»lot is sown with rye, barlov, oats mid wheat, till mixed together und looks very promising, all tho cereals huvo boon clown seven weeks and are well advanced now. lho potntoo crop is first-class, though only seven weeks planted the tubers tiro nearly full size already, and the owner has been oll'erod 2d. per lb. for the lot. Tho maize crop just; (hrashod out looks equal, if not superior, to any wo 'liavo soon from the South. Thrco crops ot onton liny are given yourly without any difficulty. A considerable portion of tlie ground is planted with carrots, onions, shallots, lettuce, cabbages, and almost every thing found in tho best nursery gardons. Tlie centre avenue is planted partly along its sides with bananas, which will be shortly continued to tho end of tlio garden, and will form a delight fully cool walk. From one of tho orange trees — three yours old, 18 dozen oranges were gathered thrco weeks ago. Tho soil is u rich alluvial and requires no watering oven in tlio driest seasons. Ilio garden is in a high statcof cultivation, and reflects grant credit oil the untiring perseverance and skill of the proprietor. Mr. Michel has been a colonist for — I vein's, and ho assures us that tho land hero will grow anylhin, and these who fail have only thoir own lazcucss to blame. It is singular that our suoccsslul agriculturists arc generally not enlightened Britons. They fail of course, because thoy bring their insular ideas and c.ut-aml-dry systems out to the tropics, and will foreo them against nature anil common sense. Tho nioro cosmopolitan and enlightened Frenchman, Italian, German, and we will add tho Chinaman ueeommodates himself and his theories to tlio soil mid climate and succeeds because lie goes tlie right way to work. Until our farmers consent to throw away a good deal of llieirpreeoneeiveil noi ioiisinoy win goon failing and cursing the soil and climate, whon their own ignorance and obstinacy are tho only hill's to success. The lands along most- of our rivers and creeks can grow every variety of crop. It requires patience, judgment and pluck, and with those agri culture on our alluvial lands, oven in Northern Queens land, will prove a profitable investment. Blighted. — A few days since a Celestial, though ljy no means a heavenly being, of tlio name ol Sue (no relation of tlie groat Eugene's, though imbued with all tho oriental passion which blazes through tho pages of that nut lior, from Djnlinii down to the pretty Creole), conceived a scheme, and forthwith out his master's " pots and pans," bid good- byo to the bush for a brief period, mul set- out like Cailebs in search ot a wife. I'revious to his departure from the scones of llis former labours— -file Downs— lie, with that foresight wliieli. birds are said to adept when preparing a liost for I heir young — Celestial 8uo built himself n slab hut on leased land, with n right of purchase, mul I lion the homo being prepared lie went his way rejoicing. Upon his arrival in town he assumed the airs (whatever they liiuy be) of a Chuicso storekeeper, and patronized to some considerable extent some of our trades-people, after which business being over, und his personal appearance being much improved, unliko tea, by a tasty investment in slops, and his face outvying the colour of one of bis lute freshly scrubbed copper sauce pans, lie presented himself on the grounds where n certain milliner eamp'd an with a fair assistant, and also where, with n roguish knowledge of the sex, ho invested in articles of female attire, for which we are told women go, as A I; 1 1 1 1 ilini says, io the dimnition Mow-ivowx, ami thus armed opened upon the object ol his choice with one of this circumambient, smiles, which keep the beholder in constant expectation from the liberal development of gum, that the entire head is about to follow the gigantic opening peculiar to celest ial grins. The client was irresistible, und Ah Sue expressed his gratification as intelligibly and with as much coherence as a bubbling pot ; but, alas ! " the course of true love never did run smooth," for no sooner did nil go merry except the " marriage hello," than a Miirnll wht> had "known Ah Sue upon lho Downs appeared on the scene, and explained to tlie cxpoctant bride that ull was not gold that glittered, or in other words, that it. was a dead lake in, and the Chinauimi a liiity welffio conceived— her occupation ceased to inte rest her — and in spite of lior needle sho lias continued to be very so-so ever since, Poor Ah Suo says tho lady ilciv at him like u cut. He still, however, hovers round tho spot, where his muse gives expression to his blighted feelings on his country's instrument — tho " Tom Tom." roi.icn Court. — There were two summons eases bo- fore the Court yesterday. One for abusive language was dismissed, as t he language was not used in u public place. Tlio only remedy left complainant is to bring an action for slander. In tlio other case tho complain ant had undertaken to do a job for a mate of his, and went into the defendant's stables when there was some noise made by him mid lie was ejected with some force. The Bench decided that the case should be dismissed, the alleged assault being of a iriviul elmraeler, and the complainant having in u manner provoked it. A pri soner was sentenced to one month in gnol with hard labor, for indecent exposure of his person near tlio stock-yards of the Cornstalk. Air. Byerley, whilst driving along Bolsovor-strcet, observed him and gave him in charge. Ho pleaded that being intoxicated at the time he did not know what ho did. The magistrate would not receive this in extenuation. Bushmou coining into town and getting drunk, should bo punished. Tho wive.- and daughters of tho inhabitants should be pro tected from their brutality. If drunkenness were to bo admitt ed as an exense, there would bo no walking the streets. John Cn inaman. — The patient industry of tlio Cliineso and their unfailing success in the "greenstuff" line, in almost every corner of Australia, should incito our working men to something more than n sneer at the " foreigner." We think a few cargoes of celestials would be a bel ter bargain for our money tbun the rub bish now sent out by Air. Jordan. Tlicy can work with a will and succeed, whero our Europeans fail com pletely. John Chiniiman works ploddingly but skill fully, and therein lies lho secret of his success. Tho At hurt/ Maniwr expects shortly that the supply of cab bages mid " Chinaman's spinagee" in that district will he a good deal cheaper and more nhundant, for, instead of having it imported from Chiltoan or Wiihgunyuh, wo shall have it grown on the spot on this side of tlie bordor. A num'oor of Chinamen have got possession —wo do not know whether by purchase or Hiring — of a site of land on tlio river bank near the old crossing- place and behind tlie old puntmmi'B house, and it is amusing to go there and watch Johnny's operations. They are ull us busy as bees, making up bods, forming little courses for irrigation, and planting and earthing up all sorts of esculents. They aro crocting ft double sort of building of bark in diiferont compartments for themselves, looking like two largo barns, Situucso twin fashion, aud they liavo cut a serpentine race from the garden to the river, or rather from tlio river to the garden ; for, although tho bank is somo t wenty feet above tho present water level, they intend to bring the water into the garden by means of ono of tho oddest- looking wells and lift-pumps with endless wheel of water-boxos, emptying into troughs and tlieneo into the race that over ono saw. An hour may be spoilt on tho spot just now with plcnsuro anil instruction. A Novur. Industry. — An enterprising new chum> and wo suppose, an cx-mcmbcr of somo distant slioo- blaek brigade, has oponcil an " establishment" witli tho usual stoek-iii-trado near tho Tost-ollieo. Wo fear, now (hat tho wot sensou is over, that his profits for a long time will be as light as his occupation. The mod- orntu charge he makes for rubbing up — only a penny — leaves no excuse for dirty boots to any ono. As cop pers nro not commonly curried by his i iistomors, wo understand that the knight of tlio brush is prepared to open an ncoount on tlio understanding that when it roaches to sixpence it is to bo polished off and settled Tjie Comi.no Racks. — It is very evident that tlio right men are now in tho right place, and that our J uly Races will bo a grout success. Tlio mimes of tho members of lho Now Jockey Olub comprising, as tlioy do, somo of the leading squattors aud town rosidonts of lho place, liavo crcuted a feeling of confidonco in tlio public sporting mind, which has already been pro ductive of the natural results. Southern stables uro ubout competing for our prizes, and a dozen strangors aro already on their way to tho North. The- Com mittee of tho Club have stuck to tlieir work manfully, and pushed it forward in a most credit ubio manner. Tlio Grand Stand, which is rapidly pro gressing to a slnlo of completion, will bo fifty feet long and fourteen feet wide ; a port ion of which will bo separated for tlio Stewards' Stand, and only opon to Alemboi'B of the Club. Tlio whole including tlio two stands und euelosing an area of eighty square feet will bo securely fenced, linlfof which taking in tlio Stewards Stand will bo fenced with llvo foot puilmgs as Lie Saddling l'addock. The Judges Box will he directly opposite tho Stewards. A sopnralo entrance to each stand will bo providod — olio on tlie right of the Grand Stand, and ono on tho left, (and insido tho Saddling Paddock) of tho Stewards Slaiul. Tlio course will bo thoroughly chipped, rolled, and propured, ami put in as high a state of oiUoionoy ns timo and money will permit. . Skfaration League. — A. meeting of the Comnutteo was held on Wodnesday, at four o'eloek. Tho Secretary informed lho Committee that ho laid despatched cir culars to Gliulstono and most of lho inland towns. An active cauvass of tho lowu was ordered to raise sub- 'scriptions. A good deal of practical work was got through, and tlio organization gives promiso of earnest ness and determination which augur favourably for its ultimata sucocss. Stuffed Niggers. — Our English files inform us tht an aboriginal native in a petrified (we should have thought purified) state, was lately bought at public auction in London for the sum of 18 guineas. The mummy is regarded with great curiosity by savans, and is in an almost perfect state of preservation. It is a pity they can't preserve the native boquet of the live specimens, it would then be so much truer to nature. Neg legtkd AVkalth. — The very considerable extent of rich alluvial soil on tho northern banks of lho Filz." roy, stretching from tho river lo the Bersnker Kange>x will, wo prognosticate, bo eagerly sought after heforo very long, and tho public will not bo slow to cstiinnto tlio value of the ground which, though capable of pro ducing almost every kind of cereal in profusion and with little or 110 labor or outlay, has hitherto boon com paratively idle owing to the ridiculous idea which lias somehow taken root in tho public mind that nothing can grow but sugar or cotton north of Now South Wales'. Wo are perfectly willing toiulinit Ihnlthoi'o aro localities in which, from want ot tho requisite moisture, and lho prevalence of drought, agriculture must languish or bo carried on under difficulties which tho English farmer's mind, so deficient in expedients, is unable to surmount ; hut with this magnificent land, rich in the deposits of ages, which nature has placed as a garden for the town, 110 such drawbacks affects, at least lu sueli 11.11 extent as to sunously liiterlcro with its cultivation. Not hundreds but thousands of pounds nro annually drained from Rockhiuupton by Southern produce which could all bo grown hero at a far less cost than it takes to import it. Wo have 110 right to import a pound of maize nor a head of cabbage — our whole want of suc cess is from want of trying. Tlio same plant that does well in our blazing latit udes, we hear of succeeding ad mirably in England, an instanco of which is given by a contemporary, who speaks of a radish which conies from Java, rivalling if not. in size, in rapidity of growth, Jack's immortal heau- siulk. The said radish, which is as palatable' us it is nioust rous, has six seed pods, about thrco lent; long, and grows live or six inches in 11 day and a night.. 'Tlie pods are the edible portion, and when half grown ihoy.may be pickled or eaten as a component part of a salad. Tlio taste when boiled (full grown) is like asparagus and green peas — and three months after tlio seed is sown the pods are fit for food. As hurra or cuttle food this plant would be a cheap and highly nutritious clement of nourishment. Our government, botanist would do well to make him self acquainted if possible with tho leviathan vegetable kingdom of our Indian archipelago — and endeavor to obtain seeds for triuU A Gymnasium. — To bo a perfect man, or woman for that, matter, the body ought to bo fully developed, and its muscularity imiinluiiicd by habitual exercise. Even in our tropical climate nil doctors and btishmcn lire agreed that exercise is essential to maintain health, and that seclusion and inactivity produce a feeble s'.utc of lieal'li. Riduig and boating are first- ulass oxereisos, but. they aro not suited for all persons. Tlie cost of a horse is a serious drawback to many, and there is a good deal of delay and bother in gcLling in mid out of bouts. The Gymnasium is suited for all classes, for hoys and girls, and can bo brought, within the means of most people. A Gymnasium, ive need not remark, brings every muscle of the body into play, and is a valuable aid in preserving the system in health, From lho multitude of appliances which can be intro duced, the gymnasium oilers every ago mid constitution just the sort; of exercise suited to it. We think that such a health-giver would bo largely patronised in BockUampt.011. Wo have l.lio opportunity now of starling such an institution if wo choose to embrace it. Signor Vortclli is, wo understand, willing to conduct a gymnasium in Rockhiiniptuu, and leach on scientific principles how to get up muscle. He is himself a what euii bo clone' by (raining. it,'."'!"!'', 'I'."1, ro'feo? seven inches, and lie weighs ton stone lour pounds. Ho mousures forty-two iuelies round the chest, and fifteen and three-quarter inches round the arm. Ho has not a particle of fat or waste stulf about him. His splendid pliysiquo lias enabled liini to carry off prizes in other exercises whore a quick oyo and great bottom nro required. In South Australia, in a rifle match, ho won from 500 competitors ft prize of ;C5l) and a gold medal worth (en guineas, the. distances being 7t)0, 800, and 900 yards. Competing under a nam dtt theatre in Nuw Zealand I10 won the championship medal and several prizes in cups at riltu matches. In Melbourne lie won two silver medals 111 swimming mill ohos, and several prizes in running. There can bo very littlo question of bis fitness to conduct a gymnasium. The project, deserves the attention mid support of every head of a family who is anxious to see his children grow up strong and healthy. Tho alarming high rate of mortality in tho rising generation is almost onliroly owing to the present coddling system. Race Ball. — Who over heard of Races without n Race Ball ? Such an innovation upon tho forms and customs of civilised countries cannot bo tolerated for a moment. Tlie Race Biill invariably follows as a matter of coui'so at home, and wo aro bound to follow suit — or very properly be snubbed by the fair sex for our in- difl'ereneo to their amusement. The Races aro ours — the Ball theirs. No Race Ball ? Forbid it — " Youth at tlio prow, and pleasure at tho helm." Every nation has its peculiar dances — 110110 are without them — and we scout at those Dry-as dusts and Kill-joys, who seo sin peeping out of every innocent enjoyment. Besides, ltaeo Bails aro proverbially successes — not so much on account; of the great influx of strangers who usually attend them, ns for the general feeling of liilarity and enjoyment which pervades tho town during tlio excite ment. Wo look upon it as almost amounting to an obligation 011 the part of tho townspeople to support this sort of thing. 8t rangers naturally look forward to occasions like thoso for some amusement — 11 town docs not lose by keeping' up old customs which tend to bring pcoplo pleasantly together. Tlio practico of re questing names to bo submitted for t ickets is a mistake, and wo aro glad to sco will not bo enforced in the pro- sent instance — it makes invidious and vexatious dis tinctions, and is productive of unnecessary irritation, ltealiy object ionnblu pooplo will hesitate lo present themselves, and Bliould they attempt to do so they can easily bo vory summarily disposed of. Tho prieo of admission — half-a-guinoii for a lady and one guinea for a gentleman — places tho entree within tho reach of ovory ono. Sewerage. — Tlio Town Council at their last sitting approved tho recommendation of tho Committee of Works to drain Quay, William, and Bolsovir lanes, " in order to mitigate tlio evils nrising from tho flow of dniiuugo over tlio footpaths on tho south side of Bolsover und East streets," uiul that tho work was to be dono by tlio day moil, It is to bo presumed that the Committee in making tlieir report hud some geno- ral plan submitted to thorn. To begin ut ono corner of tho town anil liiuko sowers there without lulling into consideration tlio wholo town, and whether they will form parts of 11 complete system appears a ratlior doubtful proceeding. Before making largo drains in any part of the town general plans should bo submitted to tlio Council, and tlio host selected and approved. Tlio Health Bill will soon coino iuto operation, und tho local board will liavo the poivor of dealing wlt.li tho whole question of Scwovage. Unless lho necessity for making tlio present drains ho very urgent, a littlo delay would nut bo injudicious. Aleautiuio wo coinmond tlio following extract to tbo study of the Town Council : — " Dr. Alcueko lias favoured t iio Adelaide Observer with tho following : — ' I tako tho liberty of forwarding to you for publication several important remarks taken from German papers rocoivod by the lust mail, as their con tents uro invaluable lo our colony. At a meeting bold in Berlin by tho 1'ublio 8eicnlifio Agricultural Society, which includes groat; authorities among its members, aftor a discussion on tlio abovo subject, the following resolution was avrived at. That in largo cities the con struction of underground sewerage becomes very dangerous to tho health of tho inhabitants if a con tinued drainage of water cannot bo cfi'ccted at the same timo. A By at cm of closets is proposed, in xvliich tbo excrements uro deodorized by the earth, and after- wards produced as invaluable treasures to Mgriculluro. Even at. homo they como through necessity lo the sumo proposals which wore made hero lately, and urged by 1110 about six yours ago. This is further sup ported by 1111 extract from u Aluuioh paper, whero tho construction of now sowers has just boon comploted. ' In Munich tho causes of tho groat progress of typhus fever iB traced back to canalisation, liaving turned for morly hoaltliy quarters into unhealthy ones, as in most cases tlio canals had not bcon providod with a running stream of water, which would continually cleanse thorn. Thus Muuieli is worso oil' now than before those largo amounts bad been oxpendod for seworugo. Only tlio construction of a porpotual watering system can ro- movo this evil. May otlior cities tako a warning by the cxntnplo furnished by Alumcli, ami not outer into oxpensivo projects of Bcworagc, which ondungor tho wholo community." CllBBK. — Tlio Saturday Jlevieto in its olabornto definition of this word eould liavo saved itself imioli trouble by summing up tho whole tiling in " want of fooling." Tiiis ombriieoa everything, aud is tho covering uudor which inon make thoir advances. Now, wo think, till things considered, that tlio lion. Alombor for Maryborough, aftor tho torribly damaging accusation, of tlio Guardian, is about as cool a spooinioii of chock and a littlo moro, ns tlio colonies can produeo. The history givon by the Guardian of Mr. AV. H. Walsh's conduct in tho Burrum Coal ull'air is cither truo or untrue. 11 1110 lormer, no 11011. li.omuer Bliould Bit wu.11 him, and wo Bliould look upon tho llouso as insulted by his presence. A man posssoBsed of such principles should not bo tolerated amongst 111011 of principle or respectability. If untrue, Mr. Walsh 1ms his remedy, and it is dc rigueur that ho should clear his name from tho foul iuipuiul.ioMs must upon it ; ut all events, until ho docs so, his voico lias no right to bo heard ill tho Councils of the nation. Any other man with loss cheek than tho lionorablo member would fcol that I10 was under a cloud, and a vory dirty 0110 loo, and hesitate buforo thrusting himself ostentatiously before lho notice of thu House after such damnable cvidonco circulating in lho minds of the people against him. Wo decidedly object to Mr. Walsh having anything to do with " a Soloct Committee to inquire into and report upon all matters connected with tho railway operations ot tlio oolony," particularly whon we are told that it is " Caw mo, Caw thoo," as in tho " ltun Caso " between himself niul Maealiiitor. Mac may liavo a grip on him this timo, and then .what a " bountiful enquiry 011 railways" it will bo? No.no. Tho Glut is, deservedly or undeservedly Mr. Walsh has lost easle terribly with t.110 country, una an 1113 uursis 01 patriotism — such us Mulve est. pro pniria mori, carefully selected from tlio Lulin grammar or some other recep tacle of virtuous aphorisms to his " dying 011 tlio floor of tho llouso" in his country's cause, lias turned out so much lcathor and prunella. We maintain that bucIi 11 momontuoiiB question as tlio railways should only bo trusted to clean hands — and how about Mr. Walsh's? We have already been sold, and to aprotty tune too, but who has got. the money ? Tho echo nnsweis plain enough.' How many houses will date their vise from tlieir founders being connected with tho Queensland Rail way ? Echo answers again, eirettmspice. 'l'lio bullying tone adopted by Mr. Walsh to tho llouso, aud the meek way it is submitted to, spoaks high for the morale of its members, with 0110 exception, and Dr. Ohallinor takes tho tide of battlo upon his single shield, or meots the bull half-way. lie very properly observes, with respect to tho inquiry moved for by the Member for Maryborough, " lie felt llnitaii lion, mombcr who stood up and' asked for a eonimitteo of inquiry into certain report s ought not himself to bo tho subject of report — ' ought not lo be a person accused of having usod influences to got tho government to grant liini certain benefits.' if for 110 other reason than that, the lion, member should withdraw his motion until lio was cleared from public report, because it was only 011 the ground of public report that lie had called for this inquiry. Tho lion, member had contracted lo supply the Government with a thousand tons of coal at 20s. pur ton. lie could also show a statement; evidencing that the Government; woro prepared to take all coals from the Burrum mine if the depth of water at tlio wharf would allow of vessels loading there." That; tho House should require such a reminder is a disgrace to the members as a body who compose it. The contract with the Government for 20s. a ton for coals from tho very mino in which Ids name figures so dis reputably, (plainly shows tho country the amount; of political honesty liy which Mr. Mnealisler is governed, nod how fur our funds uro safe in such hands. There can bo no doubt of tho complicity of the Government in this shameful affair, and Unit, some of tlio members of that House have their price, aud what is mora get it. If Mr. Walsh is ullowed to sit. upon tho Committee of Inquiry into Railway Management aiul matters con nected with it, tho country can have 110 faith in the report. According to tho Guardian he has his price, and wo have not tho smallest doubt hut that, a most fuvorablo report will bo tlio result — Mr. Macalistor The Tuhf lhuis. — Racing has become " business '' lioro now, aud quite a lino of pcoplo were wailing on Saturday nt the Jockey Club to get tlieir tickets for tlio season. There was a meeting at lho " bolting rooms," too, whore somo little business was done 011 international events. Newmarket, however, of cnurso kept much " talent " in England, and reduced specula tion hero. Wo had a bright but- cool day for our " First Spring Meeting," and it being mora than a general half-holiday, of course the attendance was largo. As for tlie ' outsiders," thoso who peopled the Bois to seo the carriages pass aud listen gratis to the I're Catalan concert, they were past counting. All this, too, hero is called going aux courses — going racing. As yet sport, including stakes, races, horses, and jockeys, is but a very small element in the dii)-'s amusement, 11s far as regards a large proportion of Parisians. Tlio drivo to Longehiunps is pretty evon in winter, and early as it. is tho Bois is already changing its costume, and appeared to-day in a robe of light; green — very light ami very transparent certainly, but then that is the fashion — 11ml looked iis best. By half-past twelve o'clock the road was nlivo and as tho crowd of ruffians, called erroneously drivers of remises and Jiaeres — I say " erroneously " because thoy do not drivo, but talk to tho other ruffians in tho rear, and let tho horso or horses run up against others as thoy like — woro not thoy lot looso on Booiety, tho drivo was pleasant. There woro somo good "turn-out." I would especially mention M. Lainberli's yellow coach, vory light and very neat, aud ns far as I could seo, " horsed " equal to tho build. Ho had a light " way-bill " down, but londod " up " heavily and on tlio box, us ho enmo back, I descried nu old workman, crippled for tlio momont, whoso opinion of tho turnout would, I think, confirm niiuo. Tho Due do Rochefoucauld had his team out, too; but his drag is hoavy in build and in colour ; too much, in fact, liko a " gondola " after the sumptuary laws of Yeuico hail como into play. It loaded well, however ; was vory noat, vory well horsed, and worked and looked, indeed, in tho same category as tlio brougham of my friend Z , of which it wan said " e'est an coupe serieux." Thero woro sovoral good carriages and four posters, but tho best are not out; yet. Tho generality of " turns-out " were below average, hut then wo must l'eniembor tho very early season. My latter accounts from tlio Bois will bo much moro elaborate. Tho stands wore pretty full, but not crowded, and tho authorities liavo " sanded thoir flour " about six inches deep and then watered it. till the walking reminded 1110 of a " day with tho Cambridgeshire." I met a young Guardsman of my acquaintance ; he looked distressed. " AVliat's tho lnattur, Jack ?" I nskod. " Oh," said lie, " it's nil very well for you ; you look strong and 1 dnro say nan ' stay,' but I tiro over u distaneo — can't run in dirt, andMdmo. de has just tried mo tlio wholo longth of tho stand." To take moro economical views of tho painful subject, it was quito distressing to seo lovely costumes uselessly ruinod. Tlio Duchess do Mouohy, who was dressed as, in my opinion, only thu Duchess do Mouohy can dross, must liavo sivopt up wholo peeks of dirt — tlio diluted ransomes of many kings, for it must liavo been "March dust," you see — with that oxtended crinolinclcss train. Of course, tlio costumes woro sobored both by season aud weather ; still there woro sonic — I wish I could desoribo them ! Thoro was tho Marquiso do G hut why squander ink in a vain attempt ! — and then Mdmo. do P was thoro in " black and orange spots," the newest and the pretties', thing out, and then so many others — many, .Vieu merci, English — impertinent to notice thorn, impossible to pass them over if you are the painter of tlio picture of tlio day. AVoll it is a consolation to 1110 to think that on looking boforo I stretched mysolf " on tlie rack of a too easy couch" — not a bit too easy, Mais e'est un detail — back to tho living panorama of tho day, I find that by far the lovliest. moving figures eamo to our vision by Btoamor from Dover und Folkestone. An interesting episode occurred botwoon the soeond aiul third rneo. The Emperor arrived, and leaving his " tribuno" — i.e., private stand — went down and walked on tho lawn. Tho English mob thoir Sovereign whon tlioy got a oliaiico, but I can assure you tlio French can run them very close. AVhou his Majesty stopped, which I10 did for a long timo, to talk to Lady Crowley, who with Lady Roystnn was sitting with the Duo and Dnchesso do Moueliy, (ho people literally formed 11 ring round him ; pleasant, perhaps, fur thu Sovereign — a bora for tlio Emperor, who wished to see the races and his friends. O110 man put up his glass and walked straight at. his Majesty, and when tlio A.D.C. waved him off took it for a desire to make his acquaint ance, und Bhook hands heartily, to tho not natural astonishment of G011. Y . Afterwards lho Empor or liud along conversation with General " Ocoil " Forostor> whom tho crowd around translated into every oharaotor from St. Goorgo of England to tho ownor of lho first favourite tor the noxt Derby— \- Correspondent Telegraph. 