NEW ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH AT LAIDLEY. The consecratipn of St. Patrick's Chapel, Laidley, took place on Sunday last. A special train left Ips wish at 8.30 a.m., with about 150 passengers, amongst whom were several persons from Brisbaue. The train arrived at Laidley at about 11 o'clock, and the visitors at once proceeded to the chapel, which is pleasantly situated on the side of an eminence overlooking a large extent of country. It is a very neat structure of wood in the gothic style, and is capable of com- fortably accommodating about 120 persons. The sacristy is octagon in shape, and the building is set off with a bell turret. The interior fittings are very neat. The doors and window frames, and the sanctuary rails, are of polished cedar. The altar is in the form of a hull' cone, let into the sacristy, and very tastefully worked in wood. It was ornamented with flowers for the occasion, and presented a very pleasing and tastelul appearance. At about half-past 12 o'clock, the Right Rev. Dr. Quinn appeared in his pontifical robes, and performed the ceremony of consecrating the edifice to the wor- ship and honour and glory of God. Mass was then celebrated by his lordship,, after which a very eloquent sermon was preached by Father Brun, who chose for his text, " I believe in the Holy Ghost; the holy Catholic Church." The singing, under the conductor ship of Mr. Strahan, was very good. A collection took , place, and £20 was subscribed. Benediction of the blessed sacrament followed. The congregation then left the church and pro- ceeded to Moroney's, where a number of tables were set out with a substantial luncheon, to which ample justice was done, the appetite of all present having been whetted by the journey and the bracing air of Laidley plains. The Bishop presided. After the repast, the Re. Father BRUN rose and said that in consideration of the day and the circum- stances under which they were assembled, it was cos- sidered advisable to dispense with the usual formula of toasts. He congratulated the people of Laidley on having erected a building to the glory of God, and concluded by proposing the health of the rev. and venerated prelate, the Right Rev. Dr. Quinn. Dr. QUINN, returned thanks. He said it afforded him great pleasure to be present at such meetings, which he attributed to the energy displayed by Father Brun. That was the third time he had been called on to perform a similar ceremony by that' gentleman, and he was sure that if the building of churches would seed a man to heavn that he would occupy a high position there. He concluded by proposing the health of Father Brun. Father BRUN returned thanks, and proposed "Our Friends," making special mention of those from Bris bane. Mr. BOLGER responded for the Brisbanites, and Mr. JOHNSTON for the people of Ipswich. "The Ladies" was then proposed, and duly responded to by Dr. HEENEY, after which the company dispersed and proceeded to the station. At 5 p.m. the train started, and at 7 all were safely landed in Ipswich. Sonie shopkeepers are prepared to take Queensland Bank notes at their full value in exchange for goods; we understanld, also, that they are taken by most per sons in business, and by the A.S.N. Company in pay ment for pa-sges. These facts should serve as a cuau tion to prevent tlhose lwho hold these notes from part ing with them at n snerifiseo.-Courier. It is often said that a good hearty laugh is better than a dose of medicine; sanid certain it is that merri sent hias a wonderfdully lshappy effect oftentimes upon the sick. A story is told of a young wife, nppareolly dying from swelling and inflammution of the throat, an inaccessible obscess stoplitsw the way; shite cold swallow nothing; every 'ttlg shad been tried. Her friends were standing round her bed in misery and hlelplessness.-Courier. (Will the thrilling narratise be resuined in to- day's issue ? It is too had to keepl ns in suspense.) 