MACHINERY AND IMPLEMENTS. The departments of machinery and imple- ments are, perhaps, the most important in this splendid Exhibition, for in a country where manual labour is exceptionally high- priceded, contrivances by which it may be eco- nomised aretxceptionally valuable. .Neither are these departments the least interesting. There is a kind of interest in moving and working apparatus that the most beautiful and curious of altogether inanimate objects cannot boast, and we expect to find the north wing and the annexe become the favourite resort, at least for male visitors, while the chow continues, and that much useful in formation will be acquired from observation of the machinery at work there. It) potidng the machines and implements exhibited, it will be the most convenient ar rangement to begin with the engines which drive the machinery ehbwn in motion. These are two of Clayton Mid Shuttleworth's port able engines, lodged bnder sheds in the north quadrangle. One is of 16-horse power, and it* ably task is to work a centrifugal pump, which throws into theairaetreamof water said to he equal to fifteen tons in- a minute, Which, fallinfeintoabuln inihe centteof the guadrangle.ls againthrown up by Qu pump, .olosg as the engine ia kept in motion. This twelve-inch .universal shaping machine, by tie same makers, ia used fur cleaning up casttagR which are to be used ia machinery, and Which must he wrought withthe utmost precision. This Is a b-autifal implement. It can operate on either flat or carved surfaces, and indeed no casting, whatever its shape, comes amies to it. Beside It is a hydraulic apparatus /or' testing steam gauges up to 1801b., 180 being the highest prewure allowed on the Government railways. Attached to it is B gauge with colonial improvements, being a tdl-tale index hand, which reoords the highest pressure to which the holler has been subjected, and which acta «s a check upon drivers. A machine for bending steel xuigt, by'means of a long, and fitro ngleve r, .rather pozzies visitors, as few could tell by its lwk what the ose of It is. the rings so bent retain some elasticity, and being placed round the pistons of locomotive engines prevent tte escape of steam by pressing agairut the eideB of the cylinder In their effort to uncoil themselves. An important colonial Improvement in those rings, ana in their application, is exhibited. Also clack and elide, valves, in gun metal ; a patent self acting lubricator, which comes into use when trains are on descending gradients, and there is no escape of fcteam to keep the piston rod motet; and an ingenious patent Injector. But we cannot now epare room to describe tem at length. We may mention, however, at the collection is highly creditable to the jifclll of the mechanics la the Halfway depart ^^nall-maklcs machine, exhibited by Mr. Hart, Queen-street, we shall describe when we have seen it in motion. Next to it is a ma chine, perhaps the most curious of any in the Exhibition. It is a lathe, exhibited by Mr. Williams, for turning axe-handles, on the American pattern, and everybody knows what unlikely subjects these are for a taming lathe. the thing is done quite simply, and was done yesterday to the great delight of many observers The process is very like that by which pictures are copied in outline, Where one point describes the lines to be transferred, and a marking point, connected with the first, follows its every motion at some little distance, and so inscribes the desired lines. The oddly-shaped axe-handles are turned in something like the same way. The lathe Has two sets of chucks, and be tween the upper eeta model handle is fixed. Pfn«yth. a piece of wood of the proper sue is placed, between the second pair of. ehucks, and as the ehaped handle revolves, it so acta upon the cuttinglinstruments, in contact with the piece of unformed wood, as to produce out of the second an exact copy of the firat Even the square part of the handle, which fits into the head of the axe, is thus txtnud into ita proper phape. This is an American ; and after seeing it at work it is easy to understand how in that country ehoemakere'last* and wooden dolls are turned in lathes. Mr. Farrell, of Richmond, shows a skin-splitting machine, which performed yesterday with great success. The skin Is dragged and pressed against it formidable cutting knife, and being kept in ita place by a revolving cylinder the two surfaces are «nt apart. We saw a tanned (bnt still wet) .hide so split yesterday. wd one half again split, with appaxentease and sucoess. It seems 1 one advantage, of this process is that the piece usually shaved off by the currier and lost, is by itMneans saved for use, in the form of a second sheet of leather from one bide. A kuittlng machine by Long and Co., Boorke-street, and a frame knitting machine by Bowley and Dean,of Latrobe-etreet, come dot in order, and the latter attracted a good deal of notloe; it i is a stocking-making-machine, improved by | the exhibitors on an American model, and in general appearance much more resem blse a eewicg macbine than an old- faahiofjed stocking-frame. A stocking was being made by it yesterday, th^ cotton being drawn from six reels, three containing white and three coloured yam, So far as it goes» the instrument seems to work speedily and well, but it. can only make stocking legs, or rather tubes of cotton, like large lamp wicks. Length enough for two stock ings is knitted, and then the web cat w two and feet made put of the leg material-with what success we bad no opportunity to '°$ater engines next claim our attention, of which five are exhibited, in motion. First there is a disc engine, exhibited by the patentee and manufacturer, Mr. Wordsworth, of 8wanston-6treet With as much Yan Yean floid as an inch and a half pipe can sopply it with, it is "«ald to be of about threa horeepower. It was testerday engaged in driving a printing machine, and seemed to work pleasantly and well. Mr. M Kay, # of Collins-street, exhibits a hydraulic inaction turbine, with patent reflectors; and a,small horizontal engine (three ana a half inch cylinder) capable of being easily turned into a steam from a water engine. Mr. Hender son, of Little Collins-street, Bbows a highly ornamental and even elegant turbine wheel, which with water supplied through a half inch pipe will have something like ono hoise power. This turbine has three re volving arms, while Mr. M'Kay a has bat two. Mr. George Dunn, of Emerald-bill, is the inventor and exhibitor of a rotary water engine which with a liiui water supply could, he informs os,beof four-horse power. It has a reversing motion, and was at work yesterday like the others. Of printing machines and presses there is a tolerable collection, and the old wooden engine with which Mr, Fawkner printed the Patriot in the early days of Fort Phillip settle ment, looks like, a ghost among them. A more remarkable oontraat thefe eoald hardly * " ' tweentUsrudeaud,primitive im wheels makes a tenth part of its whole revo lution. and BO prepares a new number for the *ucceeding card. This machine was much odmind. An Imported machine, called " a devil," is exhibited by Messrs. Trohsou and Hill, of Ljgon street. It iB used for grinding woollen rafts for flock. The rags are fed to the ma chine between fluted rollers revolving towards each other under strong pressure. Beyond is a 3ft. 6in. wooden cylinder, in which aie 10,000 steel plEBof about three-quarters of an inch long, by which the rags are caught and torn asunder, the cylinder revolving at the rate of 1,000 revolutions a minute. A fan, re volving at the rate of 1,800 revolutions a minute, drives off the dust. Very considerable power 1B required to drive this machine, and it iCftn dispose of four tons of rags * week. A small hand comb- making .machine will be noticed at a future time. Mr. Salle, of Cactil&g; Btrfeet, Catlton.extalbite a frame for making mould candlee, capable of making nicety-six at a time. Mr. Matheson has some exodlenttaason's and other tools, fttnObg which ttiS most noticeable is a hammer for dressing blueetone, with eight faces, like , a bunch.of chisels. Marsden and Dean Bhow a case of well-finished tools for modellers andornamental plasterers. John Grayeon exhibits a case of tools add knives for gardener's, butcher's, saddler's, &c.;, work, which appear to be of excellent quality and finish, Mr. Lugton, of Little Lonsdale street, has two machines which might very well hate been done without, namely, a blow pipe lot Inflating meat, and a squirt for injecting melted fit undar the skin. It is to be hoped lie will be disappointed in his ex pectations as to their eal& Mr. Dlermissen exhibits several.specimens of Cork and India rubber engine-packing. The construction St erne very ingenious, and we should not be surprised If this new packing were to prove tighter and more lasting than hemp, and easier on the pistcn rods than metallic packing. It consists of cork or indlarubber, wire gauze, option, and grease. We have been informed that It Is already extensively in use. Mr. HeuBon shows a bullet compressing machine, and a collection of gun-making implements and materials. A very highly finished threshing machine, belonging to Messrs. Robinson and Co., attracts attention by the .high polish to which Its wood and metal have been brought. It is a peg machine, without anything novel in its cone traction. A wooden model of &« electro-mfcgnetic engine and some washing and amalgamating apparatus are also in this department, as well as a useful-looking hand apparatus for sawing timber, exhibited by the Hon. Mr. Anderson. A machine for dressing New Zealand flax, by Mr. J. Reed, is, we presume, ah experiment. On the table in the centre of this wing are many articles not yet noticed; among others, several working models of steam- engines, which would no doubt prove highly amusing to the pablic, and particularly to the young, if the exhi bitors oould obtain a supply of steam and start them. Some of these little engines are highly meritorious productions* There are also several tobacco cutters, which, though ex cellent, do not seem to possess any novel features. Leaving the machinery wing, in which no doubt there are many useful objects which we have omitted to notice, we pass to the annexe, and there we again find a fine ool lection of objects highly importaut in the industrial arts. Messrs. Danks, of Bourke- street, exhibit a fine glass-case full of their own brass castings, chiefly suitable for gas and waiter finings,, and apparently extremely well executed. Mr. M'llwrajth, of the Melbourne Lead Works, shows samples of lead pipingand sheet lead of various thick nesses. Mr. Coop, of Little Collins-street, shows* fine collection of lead piping, from six inches down to the smallest (composition) gas gpe need; also lead wire. Mr. Fletcher, of mrke-stroet, has several samples of wire work on show,: and It Is highly creditable to colonial skill that in the last three named de partments of industry the examples shown are considered by competent judges to be as good as could be made. The stills exhibited are only three in number, and all are constructed to receive a charge of about fifty gallons of wine or wash. The first is by Mr. Mitschke, of Adelaide, a very elaborate affair, which scarcely explained itself, and which the owner was not near yesterday to interpret. It has a great many vessels and connexions, and is in what is called by coppersmiths "dull work." The next is by Mr. Goby, of Lons dale- street, in balf-polished copper, and has the distilling and refrigerating apparatus in separate compartments. This seems a useful stilL The third is by Messrs. M'Kay and Co., Collins-street, is of polished copper, and has two connected departments-the still below, and a rectifying and condensing apparatus above. By this still the spirits can be broujdit up to any required strength. All three stills we presume to be chiefly intended for vine yard use. The most prominent objects in this part of * the Exhibition are the wool presses. Messrs. Fulton and Shaw and Messrs. J. Robinson and Co. show some really splendid ones, towering up into the roof and puzzling unin- structed observers. As strong as wood and iron can make them, and as gay as paint and gilt can make them, they form quite a feature in the annexe, but we do not observe any thing novel in their construction, except in the case of one of Messrs. Fulton and Shaw's, Which we shall describe on a future occasion. Mr. Home, of A'Beckett- street, and Messrs. Robinson and Co. exhibit some fine wine presses and grape mills; and the first named shows a really formidable- looking four-horse power bone-mill. Mr. Lugton, of Lonsdale-street, exhibits several use ful articles, among which may be here enumerated a patent, sausage machine, with revolving block of Huon pine, and a lever by which the machine may ba immediately Stopped when th»t is required. Also, a road scraping machine of very light draught Its WheeU pelog twenty inches. A Bawing, plan ing, borlnt, and morticing machine, by Bnsooe, for the use pf jolnere, is. a compact and elegant niaohlno, In cooper's work, there are some very tnerlfenlouB exhibits, among which some immense oaken wine casks are not ihe least noteworthy. Churns, English, ifoeri&n;, *nd Victorian, are exhibited in ibundance.but we shall now only mention one.' It is a battel churn, with fixed d«flher8 Intide,' but slung diagonally-that is, as if the axle passed from the top of one etxd to the bottom of the other. No dotibt this engine would agitate the cream entrusted to it in a yery viotyotmanner, for besides the ordinary rotary motion, it Would be violently flung ' n end to end of the churn at every jreyo Ion. Tfeere *re . many other uaefal and To wemwt not oalfc . can of. 4 met looking and balky object In the annexe,, which everybody seems greatly puzzled with. It ia an improved silk flour-dresser, manu factured and exhibited by Bobt Doddington,, of Queemberry-Btreet, and though it looks out side like a twenty foot long meat-safe of eccentric ehtpr, it IB a highly-finished article. In a sbed beyond the annexe there is one of Mr, E. Champers'stone-breaking machines, a very bandeome.sprlpg-dray by Air. Stewart, of King 6treet, and a few other articles. Out side there is another of Clayton and Shuttle worth's engines, anda large wind powererected by Hessrs. Robinson and Co. This acconnt of the machinery and implements in the Exhi bition is necessarily Imperfect, bat omissions will be supplied in future notices. 