Ye Lay of Ye Banned Swell- (BR DUNDEEARY.) / FEAB haunts me like a shrouded ghost—there comes no rest to me ; The sivelling thoughts have sunk, and fled, which buoyed my spirit free. A form of ill—unchanging still, a dark embodied shape Weighs my crushed heart, and grimly waits, to shut me from escape. The heaven is dark, as if a pall were spread upon the sky, And earth is like a grave to me, with vultures gathered by ; And though I breathe, my soul lies dead, and o'er it floats a troop. Song Silled of Birds-obscene, and vile, prepared for bloody swoop ; One Perlew deadlier than the rest, gloats upon my heart, And half I laugh in hitter joy to think no blood will start No blood—no blood, to wet his maw, that blessed torrent's flow ; Was sucked by countless Beaks and Bills—dried up long years ago. 'Tis thus I dream—yet not in sleep—for sleep the torturer brings Before my closed eyes—a train—of bright and noble things. The smiles of maidens fair, and young—the glance of beauty bright; And tones remembered long ago—all fill me with delight. Then happy like the Indian Chief—between his pangs of pain, I quite forget in present ease—the torture, and the chain ; A dream is mine, sweet, mellow-faint, as if from o'er the sea, Or some calm lake, at even heard, when hushM the breezes be ; A strain begins, and o'er my ear, the blessed music falls, Bathing my heart as moonlight bathes, some castle's crazy walls; A spell of power, a talsman, each anguish to allay, And memory's wand brings back again that long departed day; That joyous time, when free as air, I walked beneath the moon, And lisen'd to one gentle voice—that sang its witching tune ; I lent in sleep to kiss her brow, as ends that falling strain— Gone I Gone ! oh awful agony—the fiend is here again, Close! Close 1 beside me looms the form, that haunts me night and day. The phantom stands beside my bed in morning's twilight grey. Dim, undefied, and terrible J ah, well my thrilling blood, Informed me that in human form—a Demon near me stood"; It spoke at last, and o'er my soul—death's deepn'ing shadows flit, " I takes thee vp for debt" it said—" and this here is the writ" 