TELEGRAPHIC. (MOM OTTO TBIE0HAPIIIO COMlKSrONDENTS.) TOOWOOMBA. February 2. Heavy rninB fell in mid around Toowoomba last ovoning. Tho town has been divided into wards, and tho mayor has been instructed to proceed with the election of aldermen for the sover al wards. Tho meeting for the selection of those gentlemen is to ho held on Saturday evening. Upwards of 300 names on the roll have been objected to by tho local Bench, and much dis- satisfaction has boen, caused thoreby. Legal opinion lins been taken, tho oflect of which was that tho magistrates had wrongfully interpreted the fifteenth clause of the Munici- palities' Act. WARWICK. February 2. Thore was n heavy shower yesterday, and it is calculated three quarters of an inch of rain fell during the last Dye days. There is every np pcaranco of more. An active canvass is boing made for sub scritions towards the next Agricultural Show, and from present appearances it is likely the show will bo n gïcat success. Business in town is very quiet. Maize is quoted nt 9s. per bushel. ROCKHAMPTON. February 2. A sale took place to-day of Crown lands in the township of Herbert. There was a very good attendance. All tho lots were sold at prices varying from £30 to £60 per acre, A private investigation is being held into the conduct of the captain and doctor of the ship Bayswater during the voyage of that vessel to this colony. Tho squatters on the Peak Downsa speak of the almost too great luxuriance of the gross. On the other hand the minors aro complaining of the want of wator. Tho Chinese are increasing in numbers on the gold-fields, and in the majority of eases are doing well. On Monday last a fire was discovered in a bedroom of the Plough Inn. It was fortunately extinguished before any greater damage was done than the burning of some bed clothes in the room. Macpherson, alias the Wild Scotchman, is still at large. Trade is very dull. The weather is dry, and the heat most unpleasant. SYDNEY. February 2. Mr. Dalgleish has been elected Inspector by tho Steam Navigation Board. Tho police encountered Clarke's gang to-day. the bushrangers, however, managed to escape. Tallow is scarce. Boof tallow has been sold at £2 por ton advance. Tho new diggings near Araluen proiniso to turn out well, and tho men appear to entertain good expectations from them. MELBOURNE. February 2. The long talked of actiou-Messrs. Cornish and Bruoo (by 11100.' executors) v. the Queen, was commenced to-day. The horse Exile won tho Great Centre Hnndicap. Parliament has been summoned for tho 12th proximo, for the despatch of business. The Government have resumed thoir pay monts, owing to now arrangements having been mado. The Bide Association matches wcro well con- tested. Breadstuffs arc dull, and prices roinnin un- altered. WE understand that a meeting of the mem- bers of No. 1 Company of the Volunteer Artil- lery Corps will shortly be held for the purpose of making arrangements for an encampment at Sandgate. The present season of the year would be very favorable to such a movement, and at the same time there would no doubt be a goodly muster of the brigade, who really require something to rouse them from their lethargy. UP to the present moment thero sooms to he but a small amount of demonstrative interest excited in the municipal elections, if wo except the North Ward 5 hut it muBt not therefore be supposed that tho citizens are indifferent on tho matter. In tho matter of tho West Ward, wo aro nwavc that Mr. J. Jeay will stand and is nominated, and wo understand that it Í3 in- tended to ask Mr. J. Markwell to stand again j also, that thoro is a requisition in course of signature, asking Mr. Trundle, sen., to allow his name to be pitt in nomination. Mr. «Tames Collins has consented lo stand for the East Ward, and thero is reason to believe ho will bo elected, as ho not only has a large interest at stake in tho town, but has resided in Brisbano sufficiently long to make him acquainted. IN another column will bo found aprogrammo of the races which, undor tho nuspices of the Queensland Turf Club, will come ou' on Thurs- day, May 24, and tho two following days. The prizes advortisod aro very liberal. It is satis- factory to find that our sporting mon hayo been enabled to put forward Buch inducements to tho owners and breeders of rncehorsee. THE Victoria Thoatro waa largely attended last evening, tho performances being for the boncfit of Mr. Hurlowo (Frank Youngo). Tho first piece was " The Grcou Bushes j or a Hundred Years Ago," whioh is well-known to to all play-goers. The drama was produced in an excellent manner ¡ tho numerous parts were carefully arranged, and thore was not wanting that striking contrast between tho loading and subordinate actors, which it has been impossible to overlook in othor pieces. Mr. Harlowe as Connor O'Ecnnedy, acted his part in n very clever manner. Miss Kate Warde played tho Indian huntress, Miami, with much taste, and wo could not but admire tho ability which sho displayed. Miss Oliver appeared to advantage in Geraldine, though in tho tragic parts there was a constrained manner in hor acting that dotracted from tho merit she manifested in other respects. Miss Louise Arnot mado a groat deal of Nelly O'Neil, and was very amusing occasionally. Mr. Douglas would have done very woll as Wild M«rtogh, if ho had con- fined himself moro closely to the toxt, and strained less for effect. Mr. Wright, as George O' Kennedy, had an unimportant character to represent, yet ho impersonated it care- fully. Ho promisos, with considerable study to moko a good actor. The drc" characters woro .Master Orinnidge (Mr. W. Howson), and Jack Gong (Mr. Rogers). The make tip of both was exceedingly ludicrous, mid thoir acting fully in keeping with it. At the conclusion of tho first piece, Miss Louise Arnot danced a hornpipe, and v,as of course encored. "My Husband's Ghost" concluded a well soleotod programme THERE was a saw-mill boiler lying at Petrie's Bight for a long time, but it has now been removed to tho other side of the river. Yester- day a dispute took place between two parties of mon as to tho ownorship of it, and ono of them attempted to toko possession of jt, whereupon the othor gave information to the police. The polico, however, very wisely rofusod to act, unless tho complainant obtained a warrant, and the disputants wore left to fight their battle themselves. THEHE was a good muster of cricketers on the ground yestorday afternoon, and an hour or twos practice was obtained. To-day a scratch match will bo played, and as some gontlenien from the country will take part in the game, no doubt it will bo an interesting one. Tho Vic- toria Club are making considerable efforts to mako the match which takes place next week a success. The members requiro a good deal of practice, and the contest of to-day will bo nu inducement to them to go into training more frequently than thoy have dono of late. Last season cricket was a favorito pastime. During the present it has been almost ontiroly ignored. SERGEANT BUCKLEY, of the Metropolitan Police, who for some time was stationed in Bris- bane, and aftorwards removed to Ipswich, has been transferred to tho Port Curtis district. Sergeant Buckley has obtained the reputation of being an attentive and useful member of the forco. THE meeting of the Horticultural Society, which was to havo been held yestorday at noon did not como oif, in oonsoquonco of the paticity of attendance. Mr. Coxen, M.L.A., and Mr. iEneas Walker, tho Secretary of tho Socioty, were present, and it was agreed to coll a meet- ing together, if convenient, on Tuosday, the 13th instant. It was unfortunate that a meeting was not hold, inasmuch as business of import anco was to lim e been considered. TnE first shipment of cured meat was brought down from Mr. M. B. Davis' estab- lishment, lit Town Marie, yesterday. It con- sisted of 89 casks, each containing 301 lbs. of hoof, and Mr. Davis intends despatching it from Sydney for Loudon on Wcdnesdoy next. Pri- vate advices from a reliable sourco state that boef was obtaining vory high prices in London, and it was expected that ns much as 2s. per lb, would be oskod for it. If Mr. Davis' shipment arrives opportunely, it is pretty certain tho rosult will be satisfactory. The process bj ?which the meat is cured is exceedingly simple, and the experiment is not entirely a new one, As soon ns the bullock is killed, tho breast is cut open, and incisions made in tho heart, aud the blood is then forced out of tho body. One of the incisions is then stopped up, and a pre- paration, of which tho chiof ingrodients are salt and sugar, is thou injected into tho vessels which'proviouslyhold the blood ,- tho body is thus wholly impregnated with the mixture. After this has boon done, tho body is cut up into pieces, and if intended for shipment ¡8 placed in casi» containing pickle. Tho meat sooms to bo of good quality, and has a pleasant flavor when cooked. Wo aro informed that meat cured bj the same process has been found porfectly sweet after the lapso of two years. The experiment has proved highly satisfactory, and wo hope Mr. Davis' venture will bo attended with success. As a proof of the large and reliable supply of water which may bo obtained from tho spring attached to tho property known as the Cre- morne Hotel, on tho Breakfast Creek Roud, we may mention that during the last month twenty two thousand gallons were suppliod to the water-tank erected by Mr. James Collins, for tho solo use of tho shipping in tho bay. THE Diamond, which arrived at the wharf about 12 o'clock on Thursday night last,brought up from tho Montmorency, now lying in the bay, one of the crew in a very advanced stage of consumption. Ho was taken to tho hospital, and, notwithstanding the lateness of the hour, he was received, and is now undergoing medical treatment. WE yestorday inspected a somewhat novel conveyance in Brisbane, namely, a real Irish jaunting car, which lias been built by Mr. Bal- lantyne, of Elizabeth and Albert streets. It is the first of its kind manufactured in Brisbane, and is on the same plan as one which was built sixteen years ago by Mr. Ballantyne for Mr. Arthur, of Sydney. The wood used in the body of the enr is whot is known as yellow wood-very hard and tough-and the shafts aro of American lance wood. Although at first sight the now car may lead to tho impression that it is heavy, it is so admirably balanced that it is in reality very light, even now when the wheels aro Bomewhat stiff from', want of use. Thero is one great improvement which u not to bo found in other colonial cars-namely, that tho scroll-irons and steps aro conjoined, which ensures additional strength. The color the vohiclo is pointed is dark green picked out with light green and white linos ; and alto- gether tho first Irish jaunting car looks very neat- the trimmings being in accordance with the color of tho paint. All tho work has been dono in Mr. Ballantyne's workshops, and we may congratulate him upon having turned on a vohiclo elegant in nppearonce and comforts» for the purposes of travelling. THE Ipswich ABSÍZCS will bo opened on Monday morning, boforo, his Honor tho Ohiof Justice*. Tho following is a list of tho criminal coses for trial :-Henry Wlieelor and William fenley, cattle stealing (several charges) ; Wil- liam Matson, aggravated assault ; Johu Davis, forgcrv | Michael M'Donnell, stealing a cheque ; mid Jacob Louor, falsifying and uttering a cheque. Thero are no civil cases set down on the list. THE bell of tho now Presbyterian Church, Ipswich, was fixed in its place in the tower, on Thursday last. It has a fino deep tono, and will tie easily"'heard all over Ipswich. The erection of the church is proceeding satisfaotorily, and the steeple is nearly finished. It is oxpected that the building will ho hauded ovor by the contractors in less than two months from the «resent time, and the opening ceremony will bo i-uiiductcd in a manner befitting the occasion 'I'ho church will bo commodious and handsome. In June next, a bnzunr will bo held with the vie« of obtaining funds to pay off part of the cvuensc« not yet subscribed. THE lad named Jacob Louer, who was appre- hended in Brisbano, yesterday weok, on a charge of falsifying a cheque in Ipswich, was brought up M tho Ipswich Police Court on Thursday. Tliechcquo was drawn by a storekeeper named 0\. T. Keogh, tho amount being JE1, and paid to Mr. H. 0. Williams, ironmonger, in whoso employ tho lad was. Mr. Williams sent Louer out to obtain change for it, and boforo passing it the prisoner altered the amount to £1 6s., and obtained that sum for it. The magistrates com- mitted him for trial. WE have received from our correspondent at Gladstone a vory fino sample of copper ore, «Inch was taken from a lode recoutly opened near the Cilliopo Raugo.^Specimeus havo been forwarded to tho Minister for Lands and Works, who, no doubt, after instituting due enquiries will afford that protection to the discoverers to « hich they aro entitled. WE have been roquested hy tho Socrolary of the Brisbano Hospital to acknowledge, with thanks, tho receipt of a quautity of old linen for bandages from Miss Hollingsworth and Mrs. Hcussler; bread from Mr. Glovor, and fruit from Mr. James Sutherland, Breakfast Creek. WE liuve frequently animadverted upon that peculiar pieco of legislation-the "Provincial Councils Act of 1864," and our remarks havo been approved of by some and condemned by others. The Teak Downs Telegram, amongst other journals, has been horridly sarcastic, and has laughed to scorn the fears which wo have expressed lest thoso districts which havo been drought under the provisions of the Act in ques- tion should afterwards have occasion to regret , it. The principal reason of our oppositiou to this law has been the power which it placed in the hands of tho Executive of nominating the councillors. It is difficult lo understand why the residents in any province should not be allowed to elect thoso who control their local interests, in tho samo manner as the ratepoyors in any town olect aldormon. A provincial council should only bo a counterpart of a cor- poration j they each havo somewhat similar in- terests to control, and duties to perform. Our Peak Downs contemporary has, howevor, altered its opinions considerably, as the follow- ing extracts from a leading arricio which appeared in its issue of the 20th January, will «how :-" Wo mean no offeneo lo any of tho gentlemen named when wc state that tho i oiincil us a body will certainly not enjoy any large measure of public conlldcnco or respect. Indeed, if the involuntary cachination which lins attended the announcement of thoir names is any criterion, we may anticipate that our Provincial Councillors will prove a standing source of merriment to the community. To whom we aro indebted for such a posse of squatting senators, wo aro unable to guess. *" * * * On all sides* it is admitted, how- ever, that a gross blunder has beon committed, und that the now Councillors neither reflect credit on tho Governor who nominoted them, nor on the gentlomon of tho district from whoso lanko they aro professedly chosen. * * * Where there is intellect, thero is unfortunately inexperience in or total ignoranco of public matters ; where there is education and in- telligence, thero is no weight of character or maturity of judgment. Exception must bo taken also to the gentlemen selected repi eventing but a singlo class. Only one is connected with tho mining interest, and our traders are totally \mrepresontod. * * * Whcn^thcy (the pcoplo of Clermont) find one member in the employment of another member, thoy cannot fail lo perceive that class prejudices, which havo already effected thoir exclusion from the Council, will bo a permanent barrier to its success. They have also cause to complain that the first-class men, or even tho second-class men, among our squatters havo not been chosen, but an odd mixture of persons in which one gentleman will have to sit with his bullock ilriver. The latter may, for aught we know, he a better man than tho former, but had he been elected by the public instead of appointed by Ins Excellency, we should haye beon treated to » multitude of essays on the ludicrous failure of representativo institutions. * * * Wc think it has been shown, then, that the found!, as at prcBent constituted, will not represent tho average intelligence of the squat tiug community-will not efficiently represent .e trading or mining interests-and can, there- fore, havo no cloim whotevcr to public confi- dence and support. And, although a nominated chamber, wo do not Bee how, under such circumstances, the councillors can either hopo .o benefit themselves or the public." We do »ot underrate the importanco and desirability of c-'tablishing municipal and provincial ad- ministrations wherever practicable on a proper 0»sis ! but the Act to which we refer is not a wise measure, and we trust that, before any other district is proclaimed a Provincial Council, 'be Act will bo amended by the Legislature. THE S. M. Herald of January 30 states '»at the office of Under-Colonial Secretory, recently resigned by Mr. Owen, has been tiled by tho appointment of Mr. Henry Hal- aran, secretary and cashier at the Surveyor General's Office. The duties of the Under Secretaryship have latterly been discharged by *"?? Vallack, the chief clerk, who wUl retiro "Poa full salary-£650 per annum- having b«n thirty-nine years in the Government «mee. We understand that it is not intended 0 make any appointment in Mr. Vallack's Pi**, nor in the room of Mr. M. Lennon, re- cently deceased, one of the clerks in the depart T<*t ; a saving of £900 per annum will bo «.«% effected. It is also stated that the »*M hitherto held by Mr. Halloran will not bo ?ned up, but that the duties will be transferred " othor officl*s »a the Lands Department. IT will bo in the recollection of many of our readers that some timo ago n number of very choice merino rams arrived by the ship Clan Alpine, consigned to the company's station at Rosenthal. The animals havo lately heon re- leased from the quarantine ground at South Brisbane, and aro now to bo seen at the stables of Messrs. M'Lellan and Duncan, in Elizabeth street. Thoy look in vory good condition, mid, with ouo exception, aro all in good health. Tho sickness of tho " exception" is not of a serious or infectious oharactor, as otherwise ho would not havo heon released. At the Boine stables thero is a splendid game cock and a gamo fowl, a pair of tumblor pigeons, and some rabbits, Bent up from Sydnoy. They aro all intended for transmission to the country districts. THE Australasian of January 26 contains tho following account of a meeting of gentlemen favorable to the establishing of a Connoisseur's Club. Thero woro present the Rov. J. J. Bloasdalo (in the chair) Drs. Gillbce, Black, Crooke, and Eades, and Messrs. .ándrow Mur- ray, T. J. Evcrist, J. A. Panton, R. Cooper, W. J. O'Hca, E. Wild, and J. G. Knight. Tho prospectus, which was adopted by the mooting, states that " the leading object of tho club is to aid the production and to cultivate the tnsto for colonial wine. Tho club will also deal with such other articles of food produced in the Austra- lasian colonies as ure capable of being refined and improved by mothodicul treatinont. The motive of the association being to foster and encourage the production of articles possessing a high class of ex- cellence, with a view to supply our own domestic requiromonts and enlnrgo tho field of exportation, it is confidently behoved that tho project will eventually provo of considerable valuo to manufacturers and producers. .As the cultivation of the vino is now carried on in so many parts of tho Australian colonies, as a vory largo amount of capital has beon invested thorein, and as great expectations aro formed with re- gard to this onticipatcd portion of our national wealth, the first businoss of tho club will be to investigate in a scientific and practical manner tho qualities and peculiariHes of the various colonial wines, in the hopo and belief that, by careful study, comparison, mid classification, somo of thora at least may bo singled out as fit to compete with the best known wines of France, Germany, and Spain." Tho club is to bo re- stricted for the present to fifty mombors. Forty gentlemen hove already joined, so that it was determined to got tho club into working ordor without dolay. 