THE INTERCOLONIAL EXHI- BITION. The summer heat of yesterday afforded an excellent opportunity of judging the doings of the commissioners in a very important department of the Exhibition. The exten- siveness of the building, the necessary length of the visits paid to it, as well as plenty other reasons we might specify, led to the taking of extraordinary pains to elaborate the refresh- ment department, to which yesterday we paid a visit. We found that in this respect the commissioners have set an example to the restaurateurs of Melbourne, which might well be followed. Country and suburban visitors, instead of having to sit down to refreshments in a room heated by the summer sun to the last point of endurance, are invited to an underground saloon, cool as an ice-house and convenient as a café. The conditions im- posed on Messrs. Ellis and Hodgson, the con- tractors, were excessively stringent, but they have been cheerfully complied with, and were the establishment a private one we should almost feel required in the public interest to notice the excellence of the cold luncheons, supplied for 1s. only. Hundreds find their way to this quarter daily, and some of the most fastidious ladies in Melbourne have already given it the sanction of fashion. In the octagon, which Mr. E. Latrobe Bate- man has made such a model of elegance and decoration, there is still much to add to our previous descriptions. We have already touched upon the subject of wax-flowers, but the largest and by far the most beautiful collection has yet to be mentioned to our readers. This is comprised in the specimens sent by Mrs. Burgoyne, who is a teacher of the art of making them. Their fidelity to nature is wonderful, and a few imitated sprigs of gilly- flower almost defy detection. A few white lilies float on the surface of a mirror, like silver stars on streams; and adjacent, carnations, camelias, cactus-blossoms, hops, hyacinths, roses, laburnum, mignionette, passion-flowers, liliums, geraniums and others, bloom gor- geously. Not far distant is a case containing some specimens of the taqua, or corosos nut, tho fruit of the Phytelephas Macrocarpa, a species of palm, growing in Peru. They are commonly known as vegetable ivory nuts, and on them Mr. W. Vazle Simons, of Mel- bourne, has exhibited a remarkable degree of skill as an amateur turner. They are shaped into caskets and bijouterie of elaborate and tasteful pattern, and illustrate a growing manufacture. In leathorwork, the exhibit of Mrs. Gribbon, of Dunedin, New Zealand, is decidedly above the average of such produc- tions, and represents with considerable fidelity a number of familiar flowers and fruits. A silver kangaroo, modelled, cast, and chased by Julius Hogarth, is exhibited by Mr. A. Habbe, as a commendable work of art; and two copies of very old editions of Luther's German Bible are shown by Mr. T. Peterson, as curiosities worth inspection. Among the articles of luxury of colonial invention is a silver cylinder pipe, with a wooden bowl, made to the design and order of Mr. G. G. Lowe, of 32 Bourke-street east. The "im- provement" is in the cylinder, which, charged with charcoal, prepared cotton wool, or blotting paper, removes the acrid properties of the tobacco, and furnishes a mechanical adjustment for the absorption of the nicotine. In the central hall the inscription has been placed on the golden pyramid. From it we learn that it represents the gold experted from Victoria during fifteen years, viz., 36,514,361oz. troy, or 2,503,842lb. avoirdupois, which con- stitutes a total of 1,117 tons 15cwt. 2qr. 26lb. avoirdupois. The entire value represented is £140,057,444. The base of the pyramid is ten feet square, and its height 62ft. 5in., and its bulk is equal to 2,081 cubic feet. A remarkable exhibit by the Acclimatisation Society of Victoria has escaped the special description it deserves. It consists of a few rolls of differ- ent patterns of a material apparently far superior in texture and appearance to alpaca, but similar in lightness and general character. It is manufactured from the hair of the angora goats of Victoria. These goats were imported by the society some years since from Smyrna, in Anatolia, Asia Minor, whi- ther they were brought from Broussa, and, they have bred here fast enough to warrant the opinion that they are exactly adapted to this country, which has proved unsuitable for the Cashmere goat and other kindred animals whose acclimatisation has been attempted. We have now here 140 goats, pure angora, and the flock will shortly be increased by more births. In preparation for this Exhibi- tion, a quantity of the hair of the goats in the Royal-park was sent by the council of the society to Messrs. Titus Salt and Sons, of Saltaire, the celebrated alpaca manufacturers of England, that this new Victorian raw material might be manufactured; and hence these exhibits. They were sent to the society with a letter from Mr. Titus Salt himself, ex- pressing his great pleasure in finding so fine a material coming from Victoria, and declining to make any charge for the manufacture. What a complete answer is all this to the thousand and one sneers at the Acclimatisation tion Society of Victoria which have come so glibly from tho ignorant? We are entitled too, to mention as an example to us some exhibits of raisins of first-class quality from South Australia. Raisins are often made by South Australian vignerons, but not in quantity sufficient to affect the market Those shown come from Mr. Thomas Hardy, of Bankside, near Thebarton. Mr. Babbage the South Australian commissioner, informs us that in his vineyard, in that colony, his grapes take twenty-one days to dry in the open air, and require turning only once. There is no need to cover them at night; so the process of manufacture teems to be delightfully simple when the sun is warm enough, as beyond our dividing mountain tier. While on this topic we may mention the fine colonial sauces, &c.;, which have already come into considerable demand in Melbourne. They are contributed by Mr. Frank Fordham, whose name has been misspelt "Frank Fowler." In another part of the hall are specimens of another remarkable manufac- ture, that of manifold-writers, of first-rate quality, by Mr. Thomas B. Wickes, No. 3 Little Collins-street west. By his writers— and he manufactures the tracing and carbonic papers himself—four good copies of the ori- ginal manuscript can be obtained. We may add to our notice of the fur manufactures of Mr. J. R. H. Green, which include some hot water foot-muffs, hand-muffs made from the skin of the white flying squirrel of Queens- land and the plumage of the white pelican, and some slippers made of the skin of the guana, the otter-rat, and the platypus. Their elegance and finish indicate the attention now paid to this class of manufactures. Mr. Green also exhibits a rug made of the skins of the rich black wallaby of Carpentaria. It is to the credit of colonial woods that in our first account of the contents of the building we described Solo- mon and Sons' magnificent suite of drawing- room furniture as made of walnut, instead of blackwood. In the north-western lobby is a case, yet unplaced, containing a series of Victorian woods and minerals, which has been fur- nished, we understand, through the exertions of Dr. Curdle. They come from the shire of Hampden, and consist of a sample of light- wood, from the valley of the Gellibrand River, in the county of Heytesbury; and a sample of box, an axe handle of myrtle, two wheel- spokes of myrtle, and a pick-handle of curry- jong, all found in the ranges and gullies south of Camperdown, where the material is abund- ant. From the same quarter come yellow sandstone, limestone, ironstone, quartz con- glomerate, slate, washed sand, and various soils. The stones are described as abundant. Exhibitors should take notice that a cor- rected edition of the catalogue will shortly be published. It ought to contain an index to the advertisements appended, they being an important feature of the volume. The following are the returns for yester- day:— DAY. By season tickets 589 By payments 1,050 By exhibitors' passes 87 EVENING. By season tickets 661 By payments 688 By exhibitors' passes 39 Total 3,114 MACHINERY AND IMPLEMENTS. SECOND NOTICE. Again entering the north wing at its west- end, the first objects that attract attention are models of vertical and horizontal spring- steel hand sliding shutters, by Messrs. Irving and Glover, of Ballarat, invented and manu- factured by the exhibitors. Those shutters are constructed in jointed vertical breadths of about three inches, and are consequently quite pliable in one direction. Most people have seen such shutters in use; but they should see the model to understand how easily and expeditiously they can be worked. As compared with the clumsy shop window boards still generally in use, they are won- derfully convenient. Adjoining the shutters is a workman from the establishment of Messrs. Moss, White, and Co., busily engaged, in a little enclosure of his own, making Vic- torian cigars from Virginia loaf. The work seems simple enough, and much better adapted to the supple and nimble fingers of girls than to men's hands. Nor can it be said that the making of cigars in public tends to increase the public's enjoyment of the fragrant weed. There is much manipulation of the inner end of the cigar with paste-moistened fingers, which one has difficulty in altogether forgetting at certain times, and the exhibi- tion is one which the anti-tobacco association should encourage. Next to the cigarmaker is a goldbeater, Mr. Wm. Evett, who works in a glass case, and generally has a good many onlookers about him. His implements seem to be few and simple. In a cedar frame he has a block of granite, of which the top is twelve inches square and polished, and upon that he beats out his gold between the skin leaves of hooks made for the purpose, to that extreme tenuity which has rendered gold leaf the favourite illustration of the all but infinite divisibility of matter. To describe this process at length would scarcely interest our readers. Gold as obtained from our allu- vial drifts, is too hard for the goldbeater's purpose. It has to be melted, then rolled out into ribbons, after which it is cut into lengths, and brought under the hammer, suc- cessive dividings and hammerings bringing it to the required thinness. A coffee-roasting machine, being in the form of a wire cylinder driven by clockwork, and a comb-making lathe, in process of being fitted up, are the only other novelties in this corner. On the model table there are many objects which we have not yet described; but some are merely toys, which would be pretty enough if at work, and some baffle descrip- tion. The first model is that of an engine and boiler, by Carl Schultz, of Talbot, of which the peculiarity is that the steam does not operate by means of the ordinary cylinder and piston. It has instead a semicircular box, tapering from its circumference, in which we conclude there is a half-disc or vane, cor- responding to the shape of the chamber, which the steam pushes backwards and for- wards on a hinge, as the feed and exhaust cocks are alternately opened on the one side and the other. At all events, an axle (on which this fan or vane may be supposed to work) connects with a crank, which does not turn the centre, but communicates a circular motion to another crank. What are the ad- vantages of this kind of engine does not appear, nor are we informed whether it works well. Mr. J. D. Postle exhibits a model of a machine for crushing or grinding quartz, in which the centrifugal principle is utilised. It may be said to consist principally of two parts, a cylinder, with an interior corrugated surface, and a vertical shaft with revolving arms working in it. As the arms revolve the quartz is to be thrown against the corru- gated surface, pulverised, passed through a column of quicksilver, and allowed to escape. The corrugated surface is formed by the in- sertion of pieces of hard iron through the side of the machine, which can be screwed in- wards when necessary to replace the metal lost by friction. The vertical shaft with arms, being hollow, forms a centrifugal pump, and by its means the machine is expected to supply itself with water. Mr. Postle calcu- lates that with a quartz-crusher three foot in diameter he can reduce to a state of fine powder one ton of quartz in the hour. Another novelty in quartz-reducing ma- chinery (Hope's patent compound stamp mill) is shown in model. This machine has the revolving stamps in general use, but two rows of them instead of one. The advan- tage supposed to be gained by having, say ten small instead of live large stamps, is, that the pieces of quartz will not so easily elude the blows of the larger number, inasmuch as the table will be more covered, and the strokes be twice as frequent. A safety hook, shown by Mr. Bannister, is deserving of notice. Above what may be called the mouth of the hook, a horn projects from above, which will not only prevent its getting unhooked, but will also effectually prevent its catching on hatchway comb- ings, or other projections. But when frequent hooking and unhooking is required, as in discharging skips and the like, this hook will be found slow and troublesome to work with. Some iron and brass pulleys, with two and three sheaves, shown by Mr. Dick- son are strong and well-finished. Passing on to the annexe, we find some valuable exhibits which have not yet re- ceived notice. Messrs. Amos, of the Carron Iron Rolling Mills, show a very varied col- lection of samples of their manufacture in rod, sheet, and bar iron. This is a native industry which should, we think, prove highly useful to the manufacturers of the colony, inasmuch as it enables them to have iron hammered or rolled to any size and pattern that they may require. The material of Messrs. Amos's manufacture is scraps of malleable iron (which would be quite value- less but for this mode of working them up) which are fused together, and then rolled and hammered into the desired form. A mass of this fusion of old metal is exhibited beside the newly-made metal, and looks like a boulder of plum-pudding rock, only that the ghosts of objects whose shape it bore in a previous state of existence are faintly dis- cernible. The exhibits of re-made iron are neatly arranged in pyramidal form, and com- prise samples of rod and bar iron (square and flat), from a quarter-inch to several inches; also rails and angle iron, half-round, oval, arrow-headed, and wedge-shaped bars. Some chemical filters exhibited by Dr. de Bohn de- serve attention. Among the agricultural implements there are many excellent exhibits. Messrs. Fulton and Shaw's patent rack wool-press attracts notice by the complicated and formidable looking gearing that is attached to it. So well as we could make out by looking at it, the novelty in its construction consists in its having two motions—a fast motion for press- ing down the wool to a certain point from the top, and a slow motion to further compress it. No doubt this would effect a saving of time. The patent travelling box presses of the same firm, and also of Messrs. Robinson and Co. and Mr. J. W. Home, leave little to be desired in this description of machine. A smutting machine, by Messrs. Robinson and Co., is vory ingenious. It is a vertical wire cylinder, with shelves or vanes inside to prevent the grain from falling too rapidly; and when it is desired to clean wheat or other corn of smut or other impurities, it is fed to the machine when revolving at a high rate of speed. In its progress from the top to the bottom, the corn is driven against the wire work sides of the cylinder, when dirt of all kinds will fly off. To the farmer the use of this machine must be highly useful, as it will enable him to sow wheat without also sowing some of wheat's worst enemies along with it. A four-horse power bonemill, by Mr. J. W. Home, is a very formidable affair. Two iron beams, with roughly-toothed ends, advance alternately and press the bones against the grinding machinery, with a force that no bones can resist, and hold them there until they are reduced to the required fineness. The grinding part of the machine consists of a rapidly-revolving cylinder, with diagonal rows of strong sharp short teeth, and their operations are rapid and effectual, as was seen last week in the Port Phillip Society's show-yard. Mr. John Buncle shows a horse- power chaffcutter, bone-mill, and corn- crashcrs, all of which seem to be strongly made and well finished. Ploughs, harrows, reapers, mowers, stripping-machines, churns, and other implements, home made and im- ported, are exhibited in great variety, and will well repay the improving farmer, who having a few hours to spare in Melbourne, chooses to spend it in their company. The usual general meeting of the com- missioners was held yesterday, at the offices of the new Exhibition-building. Pre- sent—Sir James Palmer (in the chair), Sir Francis Murphy, the Hon. S. H. Bindon, the Count de Castelnau, the Hon. W. M. K. Vale, Mr. E. Cope, Dr. Mueller, Mr. W. Williams, Mr. J. T. Smith, the Hon. C. J. Jenner, Mr. W. Davies, Professor McCoy, Mr. C. E. Bright, Dr. F. Black, Mr. J. C. Riddell, and the Hon. J. Macgregor. An application was read from the Com- mittee of Management of the Benevolent Asylum, applying for gratuitous admission for the inmates to the Exhibition at stated periods. A tender was received from Messrs. Priston and Small for the right of photographing views of the Exhibition-hall. A communication was read from Mr. C. E. Horsley on the subject of further musical entertainments at the Exhibition. Consi- deration of the letter was postponed. With reference to the application from the Benevolent Asylum, the matter was directed to be generally postponed for a fortnight, so as to allow of any further applications of a like nature to be dealt with. Arrangements were made to invite the gen- tlemen representing the different Australian colonies, and those of New Caledonia and Batavia, to a cold collation, to be given pre- vious to their departure, in the fourth wing of the Exhibition-building, on Wednesday next, at two o'clock, to meet His Excellency, who had signified his willingness to be present. After the transaction of some other general business, the meeting closed. The weekly abstract of visitors for the four days of last week during which the Exhibi- tion was open, showed a total of 14,013 visitors. 