WE3LEYAN METHODIST CHURCH. An ordination service was held on Monday evening, Jan. 29, in the Kent Town Jubilee Church The service was commenced by the President of the Conference, who gave out the hvmn mm. mencmg— me tsaviour when to Heaven Kip rose;' th : Rev 8. Wilkinson engaged to prayer The -^idatesforonlinaUon were prpjnterJhythe Kev. H.H. Gaud, the Secretary of the Confer &£v.° Wi^^ff6 **? J- Whiwell, though he had laboured in the mission field for several years, had not had any previous oppor tumty of receiving ordination, and that the lev. J. Allen had been duly examined before the Conference and received into full wnnexion The President then called on the candidates to give an toferi*sr converaioD- experience- 8°d(Su Mr. Whewell described his early religious im K™lanide&£d the ««?nitancls of hh, rrrt, t«? ? ^ became, a local preacher in his 17th year, in which capacity he laboured for about five years, and was blessed with success in his th^J? v?ve 'f^ J*'0* Ion* 8hrank from aL— i he entered the ministry in 1852. An afflction led him to the Friendly Islands, where amid discouragements and trials, he had received many blessings. His present feeling was— 'Thy will be done. . Mr. Allen was greatly indebted to Sabbath school instruction. He was convinced of sin when about 12 years old,, soon after obtained the blessing of pardon, and united himself with the Wesleyan ptarck He had endeavoured to follow the leadings of Providence, and, at the request of the Church, took upon himself the work of calling sinners to repeutance. After labouring for five years as a local preacher he was called to the full work of the ministry, had often been blessed while preaching, and earnestly desired the prayers of the congregation. The Ordination Service from Mr. Wesley's Ab ridgement of the Liturgy was read by the Rev, the inSerBXha^ak^VS*^11 r* ,the and the ^newly-ordaftrSf, 8t ^rtTthe hymn 'Gave me the faith which «n remove!' wu sung, and the ex-President (Re™ J? s Wauah) proceeded to deliver the ordination ehnrm He said he would offer but few remark^ but would endeavour to stir up their minds by way of rcmom. hrance. Their fathers and brethren congratulated themontheirposition. They were now set apart, and he now said to them. In the name of God. «o preach the Word; belnstant in season and outi/ Beason lhe Christianlministry to which thc*#ad been ordained was to be exercised in connexion with the \\\ es'pvnn Methodist Church; and after years ofstudyof herdoctrineanddiBcipline they had given tp leiubeives to the service of Godin hcrcominuuion. Ineir preacliiug shouid be perspicuous, every word raving meaning in it, rejecting useless met'nphori and mere ornamentation. The vice of plngiaripm was the vice of the lazy, and its mere mention would be enough for caution. They should rend oiK'ks for thought wherewith to enrich their .sermons, but take the fine gold tbnt authors f uniish and melt it down in the crucible of their own reflec tions. 1 hey should be commended by the con n^T* of H'j'I hearpre- The pulpit of nuch a preacher would be a throne of p.'wer. There was t nnUffS01*' Olhcf' 'ty inclutU'K the administra E!%(Funent«a»d maintenance ofgodlv disci &nl-;'-yni.'!st take ™t0 of lhe joung'in the flock, paying attention to Sunday schools. They f the irnm l0 ^^ 'f lhe.'.r ^^ M thtS f'e'd «.«„ i U8- Vludl ^-called pastoral visitation m£? £1 i\a]lli ' waste of lirao- Tney '«»* f«ll«w hSm nnii! t0 Stir ' lm up- l!lC8ick tocinfiirt ?rifPJ* r le.e.r»'Rthat they might restore them. h, TS™! lv'sl'?'°Vf dul-' attended to, would he of incalculable advantage in other dull'. «n^,?-V »ake care of their pu-ty, retaining spntual.ty of mmd, showing 'Holiness to iW Lord impressed on all tlieir conduct, for they that bear the vessels of the Lord must he puro. il they were not holy men how could ihey expect to receive the Holy Ghost? Yet without this iliey would be as sounding brass or n tinkling cymbal. He prayed that the Holy Ghost might now descend upon them. A deeply-solemn feeling pervaded the crowded assembly during the delivery of the eloquent and impressive charge, of which the above is out a meagre outline; and at its close a general response followed Ihe rev. (rentleman's cloainir petition. Another hymn was then suug, and the Kit. J. Calvert concluded with prayer. — 