A TERRIBLE VISITOR. (From Chambirs' Journal.) It was in ooinplianoe with the mandate of my medical man that I found myself late one autumn, about a dozen years ago, at the little town of Quimper in Brittany, surrounded 'by the usual impediments of a married man on his travels. About eighteen miles from Quimper there stands, or stood at the time of which I speak, for of its after-fate I have no knowledge, an old-fashioned house of considerable size, with high-pitched roofs, twisted chimneys, and dor- mer windows, known, appropriately enough, as Maison Gris. Grey enough it oertainly was a grim melancholy house, with a sort of desolate ' pride about it, like that of a decayed gentleman who cannot forget his better days ; but wonder- fully comfortable and home- like within doors It stood fronting the south, surrounded by a piece of ground, half garden, half orchard, and moro wilderness than either ; before it, the high road, that swept round to the left, and then dipped into a little hollow,* where a hamlet lay snugly hidden, behind it a stretch of undulating -meadow, that swept gently upward to where a fringe of poplars crowned the horizon ; beyond which were more fields sloping downward till you reaohed the ever-shifting sand-dunes and j the green waters of the Channel. The house, to be Bare, was far too large for the requirements of our small family, which -> only oonsisted of myself and wife, and our little girl Mira, eight years old; my wife's sistei ; and two stout Breton lasses to wait upon us ; but we put suoh of the rooms as wo did not require un dor look and key, and feminine tastes soon gave f the others a comfortable home-like appearance ' Our life at Maison Gris was, of necessity, avery " quiet one j many people might have called it a ' dull'hfe, but we did not find so. Our mornings ' were variously occupied-my -wife's in looking after the needful domestic economies : Laura's in instilling into Mini's mind some of those mul- tifarious items of knowledge which go to form the Bum of a modern young lady's accomplish- ments j while I worked on steadily at my great picture, growing more in love with it from day to day, as, bit by bit, the idea I was striving to Í. ' work out took shape and colour under my brush. Our afternoons was spent mostly on the sands : and music, chess, and reading oharmed away the evening hours. We had brought a tolerable box of books with us ; and an intermittent shower of newspapers and periodicals kept ub from stag- nation, and told ub how the busy world was wag- ging I had chosen one of the best apartments in the house for my painting-room. It had been the dining saloon once on a time, and had a large mullioned window fronting the north, con- sisting of small diamond-shaped panes set in lead, with thin iron bars running across at intervals, atwl haviog the family lozenge let in, high up, in painted glass After the fashion of the pe- riod from »which this window dated, a small easement opened out of its middle compartment ; but the hasp of this case- ment' being defective, Mihi had found out a ready way of opening it from the outside by means of a bit of crooked wire; and sometimes when, «, I was busy with my brush and pallet, the minx would cease from trundling her hoop in the < < garden, and, wait with her nose pressed against " the window for the enoouragement of a nod or a t half-smile: taking which as permission, she would manipulate for a few moments with her bit of crooked wire, which she kept on the still outside ready for such emergencies; till the hasp yielded,'and the casement opened, when' she would creep demurely through, and steal on' 1 tiptoe'to my side Two doors opened into this room, one from a corridor which ran through ¿he lower part of the house, the othor from a corner of the verandah, which led by a descent of two or three steps into the garden. Why I am thus "'particular in my description of this room, will appear by and by My great picture, as I have called it, and whioh I had fully determined in my own mind 'should be an advance on all my "previous efforts, wasJ a scene ' from " The Lady of Shalott," i where the boat, whioh the poor lady has found under the willows, is floated by the tide, with its silent burden, into " many-towered" | Oömö" lot; and "knight and burgher, lordandldame" orowd on to the wharfs, marvelling who this may be. But besides this, I had another pioture on hand, to whioh I could turn for relief when the \- necessity for change came upon me. This 'second pioture ^was a commission of my^ friend SirUiohard Thornfiold, at whose house in the Peak I had been staying for a short 'time previ^ . onsly; and had reference to a rather singular legend whioh had been current in his family for " ''stveral oenturiéa ; for'the Thomfields were quite anoient enough to have an apparition of their ~ own, and, however-Jightly you might seem to *? ''regard'it', you could not touch them oula more ; - tender point than by attempting to ridioule the family ghost. As is usual in such cases,'the ap '' parition'never appeared exoept as a presage of ¿. death tp some important member' of the family ; _. baV there was this'peculiarity about the 'Thorn » ii field^ghost, that it was never seen improper per- son, but merely the reflection of it iû a mirror. ' *J Suddenly, when you were quietly ßhaving, or arranging your cravat before the''glass, you would see the reflection of a ghastly woman'sface staring j - over your shoulder at your own face in the glass, with ¿uch a stony nieroilcßs glare in its unwink- ing eyes, as would for the moment freeze your lf 'very life-blood. Horror struck, you would turn trt j round-to see nothing ; and when your eyes wan , ' L dered'in'stinotively baok to the glass, the dreadful thing would be gone, not to reappear, perhaps, for several years. As if it had been put there to aid the purpose I had in view, I found in the state bedroom of Maison Gris an old fashioned cheval-glass, than which, with its Uutastic framework of carved oak, nothing oould have been more appropriate for the back ground of my picture. I at once caused it tobe transplanted to my painting room, and there it stood for several months, generally with a sheet of green baize thrown over it to keep it from the dust. When tired of the company of her lady- ship of Shalott, I turned to my " ghost picture," as Mim called it, by way of variety. Then, was the glass unsheathed, and Laura, my wife's sister, would pose herself before it, as in the aot of twining a string of pearls in her hair j while I transferred to my canvas the outline of her figure, the turn of her little head, the flowing masses of her chesnut hair, with the up-curved arms and the taper fingers holding the pearls. The two faces as seen reflected in the glass-that of the apparition peering blue-white over the bride's shoulder, and the girl's own face-I left till the laBt, or, rather, was waiting till some moment of inspiration should lend my fingers the necessary power to represent clearly on canvas the two faces as I saw them in my own mind. Among the minor virtues of civilised life, that of early rising ought surely to be considered as one ; and now that I was in villégiatura, I fell back upon a primitive division of timo such' as may still be operative in far-way country plaoes, but which it would be quito impossible to ob- serve amid the countless employments and dis- tractions of life in town. Thus, it not un fre- quently happened that I rose with the first streak of daylight, and taking a couple of biscuits in my pocket, set out for a six miles' walk, getting back in time for our early breakfast; after whioh I generally felt myself in good tune for a good spell of hard work. One autumn morning I got up as I had often done before, just as the sky was beginning to purple with the coming day ; and slipping quietly down stairs, i opened the front door, and stood for a moment or two on the steps enjoying the delici- ous freshness of the morning. Whilst standing thus, the thought came into my hoad that it would be'aS well to take a peep'into my painting room, and see that everything was right there On leaving off work the previous evening, I had left open the door leading into the verandah, in order that the room might be purified by morn- ing' from the smejl of some turpentine whioh I had accidentally spilt. This door I had after- wards forgotten to shut before going to bed; and the idea now struck me that it would be as well to see that no stray oat or dog had been playing any pranks among my brushes and oolours during the night. The door leading from the verandah into the I painting room was at an opposite angle of the house from that at whioh I was now standing, so I descended the steps leisurely, and walked across the grass plot towards it, noticing as I did so what I had never noticed before, that the old house looked- older and grojer, showed the soars and brunts of age more dearly by that cold half-light of early morning than when seen at any other time, even under the bright sun of mid-day. As I stepped under the verandah, I saw with some surprise that the door in front of me was shut. It was a swing-door that shut of its own aooord unless fastened baok, and on leaving it overnight I had propped it open with a obair; but the chair was now gone, and the door closed. Wondering a little by what means 'this had come about, I pushed open the door, and went in. As I entered the room I mechani- cally let go the door, whioh swung to, and shut me in ; and tho same instant I felt, rather by intuition than, by the aotion (if any more positive sense, that I was shut up with something that had'no business there-with something' terrible. I'had but one brief instant to look round ; the next, my wandering gaze fixed itself upon two great b'azingeyes staring balefully out at mo from a dusky corner of the room ; but in that one second of time my mind took in the fallen chair, the great cheval glass in the centre of the room, my easel in one oorner, a broken-doll of Mim's on the floor; while other familiar objects further away in the big room still showed indis- tinctly through the dim grey light creeping through the thick panes of the old window; then the eyes took me, and that first awful shook with whioh- the sight of them thrilled me, I think that I oould hardly have turned my head away even to s~ave my life. They glared at me unwinkingly from the semi- obscurity^ of the oorner with a sort of concentrated ferocity in their glare which chilled my very heart's blood. To what strange monster orouohing there, but half seen in that dim corner, did those fiery orbs belong 1 Not long was I left in doubt. With a snarl low, deep, and ferooious; vsith an I arch- ing and'bristling of its immense back ; with its mouth grinning murder; with one crouching step backward, as if to give itself more leverage for a spring; and, with one mighty rush, the tiger was upon me. I fell as though smitten by a thunderbolt, a blood-red light danced for an instant before my eyes, and then oame a dark- ness as of death My senses came back but slowly. I awoke by degrees to a consciousness of life, but of a life .utterly, dissevered from that of my former self. 1 I was no longer the ? tenant of Maison Gris pi ' was no'longer a nineteenth oenturyunit strug- gling for my daily bread ; I was a mummy in the heart of the Great Pyramid. I had been lying there as>one dead for three thousand years, and now/bj some strange prooess, whioh in no wiso troubled me, I had been resuscitated ; and it seemed only to follow in itho natural sequenoe, of things that I should awake and find myself the inmate of a gorgeous sarcophagus. I was not surprised. I gazed around me with inter- est, but without "curiosity ; I seemed to have been there before at some far'distant date, and nothing looked strange But from the moment I first opened my eyes,' and even before t,hat, as "ftrs&emedto; me,-i~had felt the oppression of something ponderous on my ohest, of a^weiglit that seemed to grow heavier and deader every minute. What oould it be ? I tried < to ,mpve my limbs,iio lift my body into an upright posi- tion ; but the oereoloths in which I was swathed from head to foot left me without the power to move'even as much as a finger;, and still that mysterious weight upon my oheBt was becoming more suffocating and deadly every moment. For some reason unknown ito me, the lid had been lifted "off, my , sarcophagus ; a tender radiance shed by invisible lamps pervaded thtf'vàst apart- ment; -and although I was' unable to move my head and ' look round, I 11 could gaze: upward, and my eyes in their wandering circuit'took; in a considerable span of ¡the flat overhead. On this room were painted in vivid colours' countless Egyptian symbols' of gigantio size-the bull, the cat, the crocodile, the ibis, I ' and the beetle were represented again and again, together with innumerable other symbolk, all of whiehaéemëdstrangely'familiartomei Suddenly, while I was staring at the roof, I'saw that the keystone was-wanting, and that the whole im- mense fabric was' slowly collapsing,, gradually settling down/ and' must before longt crush me, who lay direotly ander the apex of the pyramid -yes, crush me under the weight of a hundred thousand tons. Already, here and there, great oraoks were beginning to show themselves ; the lamps, too, no longer burned so brightly j the roof seemed to' be creeping down the walls, as though it were being let down by ohains from above ; every moment the air of the chamber was growing hotter and more stifling; every) moment the deadly weight upon my ohest was beooming more unbearable. Why had I beon reserved for a fate so horrible-I, the last man left alive on all the eaoth ? How had 1 sinned so greatly that, after a sleep of three thousand years, I should awake to the conscious- ness of a doom so dreadful 1 It was nearly upon mo now, that terriblo roof, with its gigantic figures, red, black, and blue, "whose strange life- like eyes stared so intently into mine. I could almost have touched it with my hand had I been free. Even now 'there' was time to escapo, if only those horrible Cerements did not hold me so tightly. Ono'last effort for life, though my heart should burst in the. attempt. , What rapture ! thoimummy-oloths was giving way, yielding one after Another j and now but one remained-the one that bound my chest so tightly as almost to suffocate me. In a moment that too was gone My heart gave a great throb of relief, and at once the whole vision faded into utter darkness ; and with a groan I opened my eyes, and oame back to the affairs of real life. Where had I been, and what had happened, to me ? Ah, the tiger ! I remembered everything now.1 But even 'this reality, bad as it was, seemed hardly as terriblo as tho doom whioh threatened me in my dream, if a dream it could be called. That dull, dead weight upon my ehest, which even in my half oonscious stato had seemed ponderous enough to gradually crush the breath out of me, was nothing more or less than the immense paw of the animal, in whose power I now was, and the shifting of it had broken my vision just at the point where endurance ends, and madness or death supervenes. In that first moment of semi-consciousness, after opening my eyes, I groaned slightly ; but scarcely had I stirred a limb when the tiger, whioh was crouching on the floor close by my shoulder, put forth his paw again as though afraid I were going to esoape him, and brought it down on the upper part of my right arm; at the same moment his claws shot from their sheaths like so many hidden poniards, and pene- trated" through the thiok cloth of my shooting coat into my flesh. A shriek of anguish invo- luntarily esoaped my lips, to whioh the beast responded with a muffled roar ; and then, for the second time, I fainted. My poor soattered wits, on dragging them- selves painfully together for the second time, seemed intuitively cognisant of the danger that beset me. Every nerve and fibre in my body seemed to whisper " Beware !" I was oonscious of tho presenoe of my terrible "adversary before I opened my eyes;~I felt that to mov,e even an arm or a leg might be my death warrant ; I lay there like one dead, slowly gathering my ener- gies to meet the ordeal still before me. At length I ventured to open my lids a little way, and'to take ' a silent observation of the enemy and of my own position. The tiger was still orouehed at'full IcDgth, within a couple of feet of my Tight shoulder, one paw protruded a little further than the other, ready, doubtless/to grasp me again in case of any sudden movement on my part. He was a splendid brute, full grown, to all appearance, and' gaily striped, after the immemorial fashion of his family; and under almost any other ciroumstanoes I should have admired him hugely. Every quarter of a minute or so he gave his tail a slow solemn whisk, bringing it down with a "dull thud on the un oarpeted floor. It seemed' to me, but perhaps I was too fanciful, that there was a look of quiet satisfaction, of grim enjoyment about him as he lay thus gazing at me through oontraoted lids, with eyes of yellowish green, that never wavered or turned away for a single instant. He seemed to feel himself so thoroughly master of the situation that he was in bo hurry to proceed to extremities. Perhaps it was gratifying to his feelings to And one of the hated race of mon so completely in his power. Occasionally ho opened his mouth to its fullest extent, and yawned silently ; and it makes me shudder even now whon I remember the terrible array of teeth visible at suoh times ' Once and again be would give his lips an antioipatory liok with his great red tongue, while his whiskers quivered like those ' of a cat that is watohing a bird. It was broad daylight by this time, and such of the familiar features of the room as I could see without stirring my head were just as they had been left last night. The tiger, whioh I could only oonolude to have escaped from 6ome menagerie, had doubtless come prowling about the house in search of shelter, and finding the door invitingly open, had walked in, overturning the chair in his passage, and had made for him- self a snug lair on some discarded drapery in one corner till roused by my ontranoe. But for my oarelessneBB in leaving open the door of my painting room I should never have found myself in this sad plight Instead of being close to the door by whioh T was standing when the tiger sprang upon me, I now found myself lying on a square of Persian carpet, and in close proximity to the second door, which opened out of a corridor in the house. Immediately opposite me on the,other side of the room was 'the large old-fashioned window of whioh I have already spoken, towards which the tiger's baok was, now turned. In a direct line between the tiger and the window," supported -by-two wooden up- rights, aud covered with green baize, Btood the oheval glass, behind which the window was partly hidden, one'side of it being visible from where I lay. All this time I had been gathering up my energies to meet Jhe fate that loomed so immi- nently before me with whatever of courage and oomposure was possible ,to me. My1 chances of escape soemed very faint indeed, but none the less did I keep revolving one scheme after another in my brain-never more subtly active, never throbbing with a fuller life than in that hour of my extremity-only to rejeot them one by one as utterly hopeless. Alas ! for me there seemed no help on earth., ~ A dull vague despair) in spite of my efforts to the contrary, was beginning to settle doWn over ,.ray soul, when, bringing my eyes to rest once more on the brute beside mo, I saw with a thrill of hope that.those unwavering eyes had closed at last. < He was aBloep, with one paw laid against my shoulder, ready to grasp me ¡should I offer to stir. A small matter, truly, to cause me to thrill with hope, but I could not help ao oopting the fact, trifling as it was, as an augury of good promise. Lightly and delioately the tiger slept-as lightly as any (maiden, dreaming of lier lovërTônd waiting~for his com- ing. I ventured to open my ey*es a'little wider, and a moment afterwards, a sight met my gaze whioh stirred my soul* to its very depths, and would have drawn from me some cry olr move- ment of surprise had not tho painful lessbn-.of a few minutes'before been still so .fresh! in my 1 memoryi What J saw was thie white agonised face of my wife peering in through that oorner of the window not hidden by the cheval glass, and Laura's faoe, scarcely less anguish sj-rioken, gazing over' her shoulder. They had dis- covered my dangerous position; would they be 'able to help me? ' My-wife'iS' eyes and mine met in a long, 'yearning, ^heartfelt - gaze aqrosa the little space that kept us asunder. I had learned to read the langnago of thoso dear eyes years before, and theii meaning was plain'to me now. They told of love and pity in a way that no mere words could have done, and yet breathed, withal, a spirit of hope and consolation almost divine, as though wishing me not to forget that both her fate and mine were in the hands of a merciful Power, without whose permission not even a sparrow can fall to the ground. Suddenly Laura whispered something in my wife's ear, and a flash passed over the facos of both. Then Laura held up her hands in a way that made me grasp her idea in an instant. She was going to communicate tome by means of the manual alphabet-called by some people " the deaf and dumb alphabet,"-with which wo were both acquainted One by one I spelled out the words as she formed thom, letter by letter, with her fingers. Her first communication ran thus : " Courage. We are praying for you with our hearts, and working for you with our heads. We are trying to devise some means of resouo, and do not despair of success." Thon they both kissed their hands to mo and went baok out of sight. I knew that they would come back again in a little while-that thoy had merely loft me in order to talk over some schemo of escape. But what ohance op escape was there indeed for ma ? None, none that I could dis- cern. Presently they returned, and Laura had Mim in her arms, whom she lifted up to look through the window at poor papa. The ohild was frightened when she saw the great brute beside mo, and turning away put her arms round her aunt's neck, and burst into sobs. A low growl from the tiger warned us all that the least dis- turbance might be fatal to me. Laura took the ohild away, but my wifo remained by the w'n dow, her hands clasped one in the other, her head drooping against the stonework, gazing at me through the panes with tearless despairing eyes In a little while Laura and Mim carno back ; and Mim, no longer terrified, now looked through the window at mc, and smiled and kissed her hand. Then came another message, worked out by Laura's nimble fingers : " We have thought of a plan whioh, with Heaven's help, we hope will succeed. Lie per- fectly still, and do not be surprised at anything you may see or hear. God bless you." A minute or two later my ears, preterna turally alert during those terrible moments indeed all my senses at that time seemed to be preternaturally alive- doteoted a faint rasping sound, which I had hoard many a time before, only this time it was fainter and more cautious than usual. It was the noise made by Mim when she opened the casement from the outside by means of her piece of crooked wire. Faint as the noise was the tiger pricked up his cars and gave utterance to another low, deep-throated warning. The noiso ceased for a little while, to oommence again about a minute later ; and this time the beast did not deign to notice suoh a potty interruption of the prevailing quietude. In a little while the noiso ceased, but whether the casement was now open or shut I had no means of judging, hidden from view as that part of the window was behind the cheval glass. But even if they had succeeded in opening the casement, in what way could that faot conduce to my deliverance ? Had I even possessed the tiger's full permission to use such a mode of exit, tho casement was far too small to admit of my passing through it. Laura coming baok to the window telegraphed to me for the third time with her fingers : "All is prepared. Wait and be silent. Our hearts are with you." Dear ones ! that their hearts were with mo I never for one moment doubted ; nor that what- ever womanly wit, sharpened by the most devoted love, could do for my deliverance, would be accomplished by those two ! My wife, Laura, and Mim were now gone, and I was left alone with the sleeping tiger. A short space of the most intense silence followed, and then my ear, hungering anxiously for some sound, detected a faint rustling in the direction of the window, but so faint, so like a whisper of silence itself, that in any ordinary mood it would not have reached my senses at all. Although his eyes were still dosed, and he was to all appearance asleep, I saw, by a Blight prick- ing of the tiger's ears, that the noiso had not been unnoticed by him. It was with a feeling of sickening anxiety, whioh I should vainly try to describe, that I awaited whatever might happen next. Suddenly my heart gave a great bound, and I felt that there was somo one in the room beside myself There had been no noise, no movement, further than the one of which I have just spoken and yet all at once I knew I was not alone knew it by some delicate, intuitive sense, by some subtle, spiritual affinity between myself and the intruder, whioh is as much a mystery to me now as it was then. The tiger, too, seemed to have had his suspicions aroused. First his whiskers twitched nervously ; then he half opened his heavy lids, and glared at me with his yellow-green eyes, in whioh there was a smouldering ferocity that might leap into a blaze at any moment; while his tail began to curve uneasily, and from his cavernous throat there issued a muffled growl of menace long drawn out. Oh, the soul-wearing anxiety of those few moments ! Even now I shudder when I recall them. ' With half-shut eyes I watched and waited The intense silence of the room was unbroken. At once, without any warning sound or intima- tion of what was coming, I saw a wee white hand and a slender white arm protruded norn behind the ohoval glass " Great Heaven 1" I cried to myself, " that is the hand and arm of my dalling Mim !" and my eyes blurred over with tears, and all my heait went forth in a great silent cry to Heaven to protect and save ray child. When I could bear to look back again the hand and arm were gono, but the objeot for whioh so muoh had been ventured was safely accomplished. Fastonèd to the curtain of green baize whioh covered the cheval glass were two brass rings, and to one of these rings Mim's little hand had now succeeded in hooking a thin oord -so much I at once discovered, although for what purpose the cord had been thus attached I was utterly at a loss to conceive. I was, how over, far too anxious just then regardinglMim's safety to give more than a passing thought to any other subjeot, however strange But so cautious, as well as bravo, was my little darling, that not the 'aintest sound betrayed her presence till, as I was afterwards told, ehe had reached the casement, and was about to be ,drawn through it by her aunt, when her foot slipped, and her head coming in contact with the stone- work of the window, Bhe jgavo utterance to a low ory of pain. That cry thrilled through me; but no Booner did the tiger hear it than he started up with a roar that seemed to shake the room, and the same instant the claws of his right foot buried themselves in my shouldor, only to he withdrawn the next moment, so as to enable himjto turn himself round, whioh he did 'with one sudden swing of his huge body, BtandingT now with his faoe ¡to the oheval glass_ajnd the' window, from' whioh point ho evidently sniffed danger^ Fortunately be did not attempt ,to go near the window, otherwise poor Mim's fate must have been sealed before she could have escaped through tho case- ment As it was the brute contented himself withstanding directly overimy body, and giving utterance to a series of terrino : roars,<suoh as I might well have made the stoutest heart in my I position quail with fear. Did some instinct dimly apprise him that he was in danger of losing his prey-that the dainty dinner of man flesh which he had made his own so easily, and over whioh he had luxuriated for the last hour or two, dwelling in imagination on the delicious feast to come, was about to bo spirited from him ? Be that as it may, the tiger was qui- escent no longer; tho crisis of my fato, oithor for salvation or destruotion, was evidently at hand. Mira was safe by this timo ; I had a glimpse of- her -white face as the Breton .nurse.hurried with her past the window ; and I could now afford to turn my mind to the consideration of my own danger j and 'truly my prospect of deli- verance seemed at that moment a faint one in- deed. Tho tiger's suspicions were now tho- roughly aroused. He had now taken to walking round and round me in an unending circle, sniffing at me from time to time, and growling to himself, while I lay with shut eyes, simulating death as closely as possible. Suddenly ho stop- ped in his walk, and foil back a pace or two from me ; and at the same instant there burst from his throat a loud snarling yell, half of rage and half of fear. The cord hooked on to the ring by Mim had been pulled from outside the window ; tho sheet of green baize had fallen away from before the cheval glass, and the startled beast turning at the sound saw reflected therein another, tiger and another man. With him to see and to act were one His tail lashed his sides once or twice as he stood gazing for a mo- ment at this intruder on his territory ; then, still snarling viciously to himself, with contrac- ted body, and all his huge muscles quivering with exoitemont, he worked his way backward almost to the door, so as to give himself moro room for his spring, then all at once ourving his body into an arch, and bringing his grinning muzzle nearly to the ground, he shot over mo like a flash of yellow light, aiming straight at the reflection of himself in the glass. Carried by the immense impetus of his spring, he shot clean through the glass and the woodwork be- hind, it coming out on the other side bleediug and partially stunned, and quite as much fright- ened, I suspeot, as either. But at the first sound of shivered glass, and befoïe the scared beast^had time to rcoovor his presence of mind, the door behind me was suddenly opened, and my two good angels rushing in seized me as I lay, and, with a strength whioh at any other time would have astonished themselves, they lifted me lightly up and swung me out of the room. It was the work of a moment. Laura's bold device had succeeded, and I was saved. Tho rage of the tiger was something fearful when he found out how he had been tricked, and that his prey had really escaped him. Later on in the day oamo the caravan people from whose custody he had escaped on the previous night shortly after feeding time-and in such a quiet cunning fashion, owing to one of the keepers having imperfectly fastened a small grating at the top of his den, that his doparture was not discovered till daybreak. He had subsided into a fit of Bulks by the time the keepers reached Maison Gris, and neither coaxing nor threats could stir him out of the corner in whioh he had taken up his quarters, and there was no kéepor bold enough to venture into the room to him. Ultimately ho was captured by means of a tempting shin of beef fixed in an iron cage, which he was obliged to enter before he could get at it, and, once inside the oage, his liberty was gone I was very ill for a long time, and nearly a year elapsed before my arm and shoulder were sufficiently reoovercd to enable me to use brush and pallet again. The scars I shall carry with me as long as I live. 