WALLAROO. JFrom the Wallaroo Times. JdIt 23,1 Mews received by the Eclair, yesterday (27tli), states that the different mines in the neighbour hood of Franklin Harbour are promising well. The Mittillee, we are informed, is looking splendid. Captain Pearce, of the Yelpie, lias got down on the lode, and lias met with stones of grey ore mixed with iron. Captain Dunn, of the Windidie, after widening and timbering the shafts sunk by a previous part}-, has commenced to sink on the lode, and is turning out some fine stones of green carbonates. An eminent firm in towu has taken out some claims five miles east of McKechnie'e, on which some rich deposits of copper have been found. It is the opinion of peisons capable of judging that this will eventually turn out a rich mineral district. The weather during the greater part of the last two or three days lias been wet, cold, and stormy. On Wednesday a violent squall from the westward passed over the district, accompanied by lightning and thunder, and a smart shower of hail followed by a heavy fall of rain. Large quantities of rain afterwards fell at intervals. Water streamed through the streets, replenishing all the tanks. The boisterous weather put a stop for a time to operations at the jetty, the vessels being obliged to haul oil'until the wind abated. The foundation-stone of a Medical TTnll at Ivailina, was laid on Tuesday last (21th), in the presence of a large concourse of people. The new hall will have a pretty appearance when completed, and will be one of those buildings which in the present year have so largely "run up" to orna ment that township. Mr. T. It. Heath is pushing vigorously forward - the building of the second portion of the new gaol. The cells are finished, the walls of the yard are nearly completed, and the turnkeys' residence and other parts of the structure are rapidly advancing towards completion. This second portion of the gaol will be in neatly every respect a counterpart of the portion that is already finished. I From the WtMaroo Times. August 1.1 Mr. T. Besley, who returned by the cutter Lncv on Saturday last (July 2S). has again brought with. him an interesting collection of minerals from the country in the vicinity of Franklin Harbour. Some of the specimens are believed to be tin ore, inas much as they bear, a close resemblance to some pieces of tin ore which he has in his possession,: and which were brought ftom one of the Cornish "< mines. Two or three miners to whom he has' shown the specimens are of opinion that they contain tin. Mr. Besley intends to get them analyzed. The place where the supposed tin ore was found abounds with granite and quartz—recks, we believe, which generally accompany the rich tin. lodes of Cornwall. Mr. Besley has also brought with him some fine pieces of blue carbonate of copper from Mr. Peter McKechnie's mine. The lode on this property is neither so compact nor so homogeneous as'could he desired, hut in these respects it is expected the lode will improve as it goes dowu. Mr. Besley informs us that on the other mining properties in the neighbourhood operations are carried ou vigorously. For the last few days there have been no fish procurable. We are informed that since the esta blishment of Wallaroo .fisli never were so scarce either in the Bay or in the Gulf as they are at Eresent. Mr. Pleinnis, with two men, started in is new whalcboat nine days since to catch snapper up the Gulf at a spot where there was formerly any quantity to l>e caught He returned' on Monday without a single fish, having been unable to fall in with any of the finny tribe excepting four snapper, which the party were exceedingly glad to catch for their own use, as they were at the time on short commons; they had taken with them from Wallaroo only three days' provisions, which were now consumed. Finding that the stormy weather which recently prevailed would prevent their returning to port as soon as they had calculated upon, they went ashore some 50 miles from here, with hungry stomachs, and foraged for grub, and managed to obtain a few opossums. They afterwards visited a station of Mr. Bowman's where they were given a meal, but were unable cither by begging or buying to procure meat or fiour to take with them. Mr. Pleinnis's fishing expedition was therefore anything but a pleasant one. It may be remarked that for some time past the number of snapper has been gradually decreasing in the Gulf. The Chinese fishing party; which had established themselves an the coast below Moonta Bay, ceased operations in that quarter a month or two since on account of the increasing scarcity of fish. The New South Wales Gang of Bosheakgees.—Dunn, in conversation with the gasl authorities, attributed his fate to Gilbert and Ben. Hall's "Old Man," who persuaded him to leave his parents' roof for a lawless and a mur derous life. . . . He made no regular con fession to any of the officials, nor did be deny his guilt. An unusually large number of people assembled to see him hanged, and amongst them was a man who came from Windsor for that pur pose. The spectators, amounting to about seventy, were deeply impressed with this last act in the career of Dunn. We learn from a reliable au thority that Dunn was born December 14th, 1B4S. His mother was in the service of Mr. James Manning, brother of Sir William Manning; and was married to Dunn's father at the age of seven teen. Mis. Pickard, who is the wife of Mr. W. Pi Pickard, storekeeper to Mr. Keele, merchant, was present at Dunu s birth, and became godmother to him- She had a, general order from the Colonial Secretary to visit the condemned criminal, and we understand she called to sec him daily. She may be tiuly said to have behaved like a mother to him, and to have acted like a noble kind- hearted, good,woman. When Dunn joined the bushrangers, his father rode in search of him in the hope of rescuing him from an evil life, but his horse died from over-exertion, and he was compelled, to return home from his unsuccessful search. Dunn's parents are settled on a small farm, and are in poor circumstances. The Herald adds the following to its report :—"Of this once formidable band of highwaymen, which for bo many years kept the colony in awe, it may not be out of place to mention that four still survive, viz, Gardiner, the chief, who is undergoing a sentence of thirty-two j'eare' penal servitude; Vane, who surrendered through the instrumen tality of Father McCarthy, and was sentenced to fifteen years on the roads; Bow and Fordyce, sentenced to death, which was afterwards com muted to fifteen rears penal servitude. Peisley and Manns were hung; the other five, namely, Lowrie. Burke, O'Mealley, Ben. Hall and Gilbert; were shot dead—Burke and O'Mealley byprivate hands, and the remainder by the police. The last who joined the gang was the 'Old Man,' who gave himself up to the police, and is now in penal servitude." ' Spicy Geusibltvg.—" What is the use of living!" snarled a veteran grumbler, the other day. "We are flogged for crying, when we are babies; flogged because the master is cross, when we are boys; obliged to toil, sick or well, or starve, when we are men; to workstall harder (and aimer something worse) when we ore husbands; -and, after exhausting life and strength in the service of other people, die, and leave, our, children to quarrel about the possession of father s watch, and our wives—to catch somebody else. An author, ridiculing the idea of ghosts, asks how a dead man can get into a locked room Probably with a skeleton-key. _ 