A PERPETUAL CRISIS J. M.T. South Brisbane. OH. work as constant as I will, Something me doth bother ever—<*> I'm in debt to some one still, And out of debt I shall be never. Yester's debt I am bound to pay- Pay !—I can't, unless I borrow ;— The money that I earn to-day Bolts before I see to-morrow. But tell me not my theme's uncouth, Or that I sing in foolish sadness, When, living from the hand to month. Would almost drive a slave to msdness. Tis hard to kill myself to live. How harder still to live for killing, When, for my life. 1 cannot give My ancient creditors one shilling. Ye proud, who in your battles boast. Submit that I your pluck may settle, By asking you to meet a " ghost" Who haunts me daily—try your metal! Dbfdutioss.—Man-hood, a hat j woman-hood, • bonnet! Bobbing.—What is worse than a hen steal* ing P—A cock robin (robbing). Epitaph ok a Physician.—He survived all his patients. Motto fob thb Dumb Abtlum.—" Dumb vivimus vivamus ? If yon throw a stone into the water, what does it become before reaching the bottom P— Wet. A MODKRK II.LUBTXA.TIOX OF Till PftOTOB " Extremes meet."—An Ultra-ritualist run ning up against a Quaker. Good News fob thb Spiritualists.—ln the army estimates fur this year a sum was voted for disembodied militia. University Intellicuxci.—The terms at Trinity will henceforth be Cilled " Thompson'! Seasons." No MOBB BENBATIONIBTB.—"A supply of natural ink has been discovered near Buena Vista lake, California." Over here with a cargo of it as quick as may be. Who knows but that it may produce a supply of natural writers ? " Thb happiness of Mr. and Mrs. More is very great," said one lady to another. To which* the reply was made, " When they have a little More it will be greater stilL" Cibculatino Mbdidm.—An editor, speaking of Spiritualism, says:—"Wo don't believe in any medium except the ' circulating medium,* and that has becoino so scarce that our faith in it is shaky." A Most Natural Ebbob.—Young would-be Carnet Plungerby, while undergoing his Army Entrance examination, was required to translate the French word millionnaire, he rendered it mill-owner, and was "spun," (we think an* fairly). Mixed Metaphob.—Tho following speoimen of this failing is taken from the Washington Star: —" The apple of discord is now fairly in our midst, and if not nipped in the bud, it will burst forth in a conflagration which will deluge the sea of politics with an earthquake of heresies." " Oh, dear! " blubbered out an urchin who had been suffering from the application of the birch, " oh, my! they tell me that forty rode make a furlong, but I can tell a bigger story than that. Let 'em get seeh a plaguy lickin' as I've had, and they'll find that one rod makes an aoher. A cobbespoksekt writes to ask how the cotton fabrio known as Jean or Jane is made. We are not in the confidence of the cotton manufacturers, but we should presume that the textile Jane was produced by "spinning Jenny!" " Is there any person you would particularly wish me to marry P" said a widow expectant to her dying spouse, who had been somewhat of a tyrant in his day. " Mary the devil, if you like!" was the gruff reply. " O no, my dear," retorted the wife ; " you know it is not lawful to mairy two brothers." Ay Old Song.—A contemporary announoee that a new work by Frederick Clay, the well known amateur composer, will be played very shortly by some amateurs fora deserving charity connected with the guards. The operetta is called " Out of Sight." Surely the title is more suggestive of a benefit connected with the police ! GriAKTB nr Council..—" At an adjourned meeting of the ' Beform League,' present Captain Rogers, Messrs. Odgers, Bubb, Gill, Ac., &a;, it was resolved that the Beform Bill, though not meeting just expectations, should be supported as an instalment. — Star. Odgers, Rogers. Bubb, and Gill, Do not much approve the IHU : Rogers, Odgers, GUI, and Bubb, Will not give the BUI a snub. Odgen, GUI, and Bubb, and Rogers, Go for manhood vutos, and lodgers': Rogers, Ogers, Bubb and GUI. Wait for something better stllL But, meantime, to aid it, club, Odgen, Rogers, GUI, and Bubb. Tot Kiama Independent is accountable for the following:—A person who lives at the top of William-street, Woolocmooloo, has lost a puppy, and another who resides at 161 Cumberland-street advertises his son, a boy of eleven years, as having gone astray. Each of these parties offers teu shillings reward for the delivery of the missing property. We may hence infer that boys and puppies are of the same value in the New South Wales metri polia. Suitable Husbands.— Punch gives some good advice to girls in looking for suitablo nus bands. Among other things he says : —" The man who don't take tea, ill-treats the cat, takes snuff, and stands with his back to the fire, is % brute whom I would not advise you to marry on any consideration, either for love or money, but decidedly not for love. But the man who, when tea is over, is discovered to have had none, is very sure to make the best husband. Patience like his deserves being rewarded with the best of wives and the best of mothers-in-law. My dears, when you meet with such a man, do your best to marry him. In the severest winter he would not mind going to bed first." The differnce between American and English comic literature is thus cleverly put by Josh Billings, in a recent number of the New York Saturday Press :—" Amerikans love caustic things; they would prefer turpentine to colone water if they had to drink either. So with tho relish of humor; they must have it on the half-shell with cayenne. An Englishman wants his fun smothered deep in mint sause, and he iz willing tew wait till net day before lie tastes it. If you tickle or convince an Amerikun, yu liav got tew do it quick. An American luvs tew laff, but he don't luv tew make a bizzuess ov it; he works, eats, and haw-haws on a canter. I guess the English have more wit, and the Amorikans more humor. We haven't hod time yet to bile down our humor und git the wit out ov it. The English are better punsters, but i konsider pun ning as a 6ort of literary prostitushun, in which futur bappyness is swopped off for the plezzure ov the moment. Thare iz one thing i hay noticed; everboddy that writes czpecks to be wise or witty —so duz evervboddy expeck to be saved when they die; but there iz good reason tew believe that the goats hereafter vrill bo in the majority, just az the sheep are hero." LATEST FBOM Till TUILEBIBS. (The Prince Imperial is reading Morals with his Tutor, M. Monnier.) Prince's Tutor (reads). "Weak wickedness is worse than wickedness only." Will your Ilighness give mo proof of this 'i Prince. Austria was only tho weak accom plice of Prussia in tho Danish burglary, yet is probably goiny to hwo Venutiu. Tutor. Hut will Prussia'a wickedness go un southed ? Prince. Ask my papa.— Punch. 