THE WAR IN GERMANY. [From the Daily Telegraph Special Correspondent with the Prussian Army.) Reichcnbcrc, June 24th. At last we have entered Bohemia. As far as the eye con reach it stee only columns advancing and sweeping past. On crossing the borders and defiling before Prince Frederick Charles and his suite they fill the air with never- ending acclamations and snatches of song, ' Ich bin ein Preusse; ' ' Oh du Deutschland, ich muss macschiren,' ' Hinaus in die feme rnit lautem hornerklang,' ana so forth. The strophe 'Der freiheits hauch geht machtig omen ate welt is Etui ringing in my ears, to jut the finishing touch to this spleadid martial spectacle, behold facing us the simply grand and majestic line of mountain, standing out in sharply defined outline against the clear sunny sky. The Prince now spurs from column te column, now suddenly pulls up and anxiously scans with the help of the telescope and the map the range of country before us. The Prince's head-quarters are for the time being — probably only for a day — at Schloss Harfenstein, the property of the general of the army confronting us, Clam Gallas. Perhaps the name is a good omen for lie ; for, from the era of the thirty yean' war down to the present time, a Clam Gallas has never won a : battle. All the generals of this race have been called I by the Viennese thu' Heertrommel' — drums of the : regiment— because they were only heard of when j keaten. But to be sure Graf Gondrecourt commands j under Clam Gallas, and he is a bold man of iron. I: The troops are now bivouacking on an eminence. ? Out of the midst of the soldiers camping ? round the fires towers a horrible statue— that of St. ?' Nepomuck. Artillery, baggage trains, cavalry, in ? fantry, repoBe in marching order, partly in the streets ? and partly in the open places. Arms, cloaks, bag ? g-ge, are piled up in pyramids ; horses tied in, pain, I: guns and carriages are drawn up in long rows. In K spite of the enoimous fatigues of the march, the ? troops are in capital spirits, making the hills resound ? to their singing and shouting. An hour ago single ? shots were heard at a distance. Now we know what ?- they meant, for at the moment I am writing they are ? lunging in our first prisoners, two Eadetsky hussars, 9 magnificent fellows, with handsome clear- cut features j and a dark de6ant expression. While the prisoners are.being led to the rear to head-quarters, and the slirmishof horse is going on in the distance, the sky has become Errariimiiv nvernnRt; ; and now the lain pours in torrents, visibly swelling the Neisse, with between whiles flashes of lightning and claps of thunder. The troops are lying under the canopy of heaven, and— in the mud ! Every fire is extinguished; nevertheless tha sounds of laughter, spirit-stirring song, or round oath, are heard above the noise of the nio, the rushing of the Neisse, and the crash of the thunder. Last night, during the -whole march from Zittau to Keichenberg, alarms were constantly sounded— what lor, I am unable to say. To-day, too, the troops have been repeatedly alarmed. They believed and hoped that they should at last get sight of the rear-guard of »he enemy — a vain hope. It is possible that while we we pressing forward without halting, Benedek, with the main army, vrill throw himself on the Crown Prince, only leaving a few divisions to con wont us in order to divert our attack on the enemy's flank. As yet our soldiers have been as ?well received as one can expect in an enemy's country. Heichenberg is swarming with bodies or troopB marching into the town, and encamping. The 3oth and 60th (the Zouaves of the army)— the jlth and 64th (the -victors at Alsen), in spite of their aiminutive figures — strike the beholder wherever jney go by their brisk, bold, and martial appearance, 'ne may see with half an eye that they have already raolt powder. And how the splendid fellows glory m the prospect of a rough tuseel with an enemy superior m numbers ! The Pomeranians form a striking tontraet to the lithe, supple Brandenburfiers. One 8'ves these heavy, broad-shouldered fellows credit— *«n before proof— for being men to be relied on to the death. We know for certain that thev too, like v 'i, foreftttners in the War of Liberation, can Wndle a gun or bayonet. Their assault in a body »un be tremendous, I should say irresistible ; tut 'whether, like the Brandenburgers, they can fight singly, or whether their officers dare leave them to themselves for a moment, has yet to be proved. The ' East Prussians are also a fine set. You only need look at them to know that they will never ily. Reichcnberg is a highly interesting town, in a lovely country surrounded by wooded heights. All eyes are turned to the hills lying opposite, behind which the presence of the enemy is suspected. The grand range of hills in the distance now disappears in clouds of rain and mist, new mysterious and ghost-like it rears its head from out the moving masses of vapour. Behind the hills lie the famous battle-fields of Ziska, the Prokops of the Thirty and of the Seven Years' Wars. The appearance of the distant hills grows more threatening. The mists roll together in heavy compact masses, and settle on the mountain topv, shrouding them from our view. Thitherward lies our line of march. What awaits us there ? I thall probabably write my next letter during and after the first engagement which will herald in the first great battle. ' Both parties claim the victory.' It is curious to observe with what vehemence the North and the South German organs alike persist in asserting, and rejoicing at, the glorious victories gained respectively by the Prussians and the AuBtrianB in Bohemia. The eame journals hurl at each other charges of falsifying reports and telegrams, forging documents, &c.; ; whilst the Prussian and the Austrian armies are severally represented by the organs of their opponents as not much better than a gang of robbers and murderers, badly clad and miserably fed, with all ports of illness decimating their ranks. It is difficult to form an opinion as to -who is most to blame for such exaggerations, but the truth is generally to be got at by comparing the several statements and -waiting for con6rmation of one-sided assertions, meanwhile merely giving them for what they are worth. According to the Neue Frankfurter Ztitmg, the Prus sians have been beaten back, not in one, but in three different places in Bohemia and Galacia, and the re sult of these victories is compared to that of three simultaneous decisive defeats suffered by Napoleon in 1813, which led up to the decisive battle of of Leipzig. The Saxon army is said te have behaved with great bravery in these last encounters, and it is expected that tke Bavarians and the 8th Federal Army Cores -will also soon Bhow what the German army cm do against the Sonderbundler. The paper even goes so far as te advise the King of Pruseia to follow the ex ample of Charles Albert after the battle of Novara, and abdicate in the interest of the country, so as to enable it to obtain a more favourable peace than it will be possible to get when Austria and Germany have been compelled to make still greater sacrifices for the re storation of the Bund. However, the qualifying re mark is added, that this is only a wish, the fulfilment of which they dare not hope for. The semi-official NorddevUche AUegermevn* Zntung has the following : 'The opponents of Prussii are attempting to disseminate through the foreign Press the invention that Prussia intends annexing Hanover and Electoral Hesse. They must have forgotten that Prussia for many weeks has made untiring exertions to bring about the establishment of a German Parlia ment, and that the Prussian fundamental proposal for the formation of a new Bund in no way interferes with the independence of the German States.' The same paper talks, however, in another article of the Hanoverian Government of King George and his Minister as tha 'former Hanoterian Government,' which expression is repeated several times, and looks rather ominous. The Bavarian Government have vainly tried to obtain a loan in Paris and elsewhere, and it is now stated that the National Bank of Austria has come to tho rescue with a considerable advance in ready cash which was probably lying idle in the coffers, as no more specie payments are m&de; by the Bank. The terms are under stood to be anything but easy. In the Grand Duthy of Baden, which -was last in deciding upon mobilisation, and joining the Austro Federale, they are now making up for the lost time, and arming with all possible speed. The troops will join the 8th Federal Army Cerps, under Prince Alexander of Hesse. A letter from Baden in the A'cue Frankfurter Zeitung warns against the danger of allowing the ultramontane party to delivtr up the country altogether to Austria, which would be as bad as getting into the hands of the ' Great Prussian ' party. The writer winds up with ' God save us from both, and give Germany the vic tory.' The Elector 'of Hesse Cassel, who is ' staying ' at Stettin, has the privilege of removing to Konigsberg if, on account of the cholera or other reasons, he should desire to do bo. The Castle of Stettin where he resides was formerly the residence of the Dukes of Pomerania, the lost of whom was BoguBlawXIV., who died in 1637\. It has before been used as a kind of State ?orison. The Governments still represented at Frank fort have determined that the Government of Electoral Hesse is to be carried on iu the name of the Elector by a commissioner. The Federal troops are to act in conjunction with the army of Field-Marshal Benedick according to a joint plan of operations. It is said that all the Austro-Federal troops are to wear the badge with this German colours. The Duke of Coburg about six or eight weeks ago took the precaution of selling his large family pro Serty, Grtinburg, in Upper Austria, to his cousin, »uke Augustus, in Vienna. The Chamber of Representatives of Coburg Gotha have agreed to the proposal for a union with Prussia, and declared that the German Confederation is to be considered as dissolved. They have also voted the credit demanded by the Government to place the Gotha contingent on a war footing and to mobilise the same. The free city of Lubeck has agreed to the Prussian proposals for 'the formation of a new German Con federation, and promised that its contingent shall in no way be used against Prussia. The Senate of Hamburg has also voted the adoption of the pro posal, but declined placing its contingent at the dis posal of Prussia. Bremen leaves its contingent in connection with the Oldenburg army. Brunswick ?wishes to remain neutral. The Federal contingents of the Prussian allies in North Germany, with the Prussian Landwehr of the second ban and part of the reserve, are to be formed into two new reserve corps of the Prussian army. In some organs of the German Press it has been repeatedly stated that proposals for peace had been made by Austria at Berlin through special confiden tial agents. According to these rumours Prussia was to have all Hohenzollern and part of former Austria possessions now divided between Baden, Wurtem berg, and Bavaria. On the other hand it is stated that Heir von Sydow, formerly Prussian representa tive at the German Diet, has, during the last few days, been twice called to the King of Prussia, and it is asserted that an important mission to the Emperor of it. Herr von Sydow is reported to be in favour of the maintenance of the Confederation. Some of the guns and war materiel taken at Stade have already arrived nt Flensburg in Schleswig. The Holetein Verordnvngshlatt contains an official notification that young men liable to the conscription cannot obtain the usual permits to leave the country and stay abrnad except under the special authority of the Oberprasident. The Hanoverian army that surrendered to the Prussians consisted of 18 battaUons of infantry and & battalion of chasseurs, 1 Haubitz-battery, 2 batteries of 12-pounders, and 3 batteries of 4-pounders, 6 regiments of cavalry, hussars, cuirassiers, and dragoonB. An Austrian officer of high rank is said to have been in command. The following official report has been received in Berne from the head-quarters of Colonel von Salis, at Santa Maria, on the Valteline frontier : — ' Santa Maria, J\iue 26. ' Information arrived here states that the 4th can onniere in the Stelvio Pass is occupied by three com panies [of Austrian Kaiserjagers. A force of from lfiOO to 2000 cavalry and artillery are a litt'.e distance in the rear. The thunder of cannon was heard this morning at Santa Maria, Munster, and Taufers. Ba varian troops areexpeeted at Mais. ' Zernek, June 27th. ' The Austrian troops that had occupied the first cantonniere in the Stelvio and the Alte Bad at Bormio have established themselves in the latter position, while the Italians retreated to Tirano, not receiving the expected reinforcements. In consequence of the Austrian advances into the Valteline, the Swiss forces -upon the frontier have been increased, and measures have been taken to obtain immediate information of whatever may occur.' 