~£Sl~KI(JHf ;BEV.' DK. 'SHIELTBISHOP OF ?? ;; ; ? '' ' :i3DELAH)E. ''' The accompanying portrait, (specially drawn for the ?Australian News)' represents the Eight Rev. Dr. Shiel, vriip .T^aa recently consecrated Bishop of Adelaide, in Ht. ifrancis'a Cathedral.' There could scarcely be a more .suitable .successor, to the late Eight Rev. Dr. Geoghegan, with whom he was during' so many years associated in the ministry of the Roman Catholic, com munion, and whom he resembles in the possession of qualities oertain to secure - respect and , regard totally independent of .sectarian considerations. Dr. Sliiel is an Irishman, having been born in Wexford in the year 1815, so that lie enters upon his new sphere of labor in theSlst year of his age. He was destined to the ministry from the.first, it being the ambition of every Irish Catholic family of fair pecuniary position 'to have at least one member devoted to -the service of the church. ' His education was provided for with unusual, care;*. and his early proficiency justified and rewarded the pains bestowed upon his moral and intel lectual- development; While still very young, he was gent to St. 'Isidore's, the great Franciscan Convent in Rome (fainous as th'e s'chebl of Luke Wadding, an illus trious' figure in Irish ecclesiastical history). At St. Isidore's he went through tho course of theological studies' witi^- great eclat, holding a professor's chair befpre^he had attained, his nineteenth year. Here, also, ho , obtained the highest honor in the Franciaoan order — that of 'Lector' Jubilate;' and shortly, afterwards received ordination.as a priest. Re * turning to Ireland; he occupied a high clerical position till' the close of 1852, when he' resolved upon shar ing the duties of the Australian mission ; and early in the following year he arrived in Melbourne, together with Ihe Right Eev. Dr. G/oold, the Very Rev. Dean Hayes,- and. the, Rev. Messrs Cunningham and Shiri nicki'.,. Almost immediately upon his arrival the bishsp placed him in charge of the onerous department of education ; and he continued to act as president of St. Patrick's College till 1859, when he was appointed to Ballaarat, with the title and dignity of Archdeacon. The fine church erected there since, mainly through his own exertions, may bo considered a fit memorial of piety and zeal in the cause of his own communion ; but there are not a few who will regard as a still more enduring monument the impression made upon all paities.by his good sense, benevolence of .disposition, and that genial spirit of Christian charity which ignored every distinction of race or creed when there was a good work to be done, either in public or private. In a previous issue of the Australian. Neivs; we pub lished an account of Dr. ShieFs consecration as Bishop of Adelaide, which took place in St. Francis's Cathe dral, on the 15tli August. At the conclusion ; of the ceremony, an eloquent sermon was preached by the Rev. B. H. Power, of Ballaarat, from the test of St. Mat thew's Gospel, '.' Go ye and teach all nations.' We subjoin the peroration of this discourse, as evincing tho kindly feeling which existed between the new prelate and his brethren in the ministry : — ' And now; my Lord Bishop, I will claim your in dulgence for d' moment while I address to you per sonally a few words on the solemn scene in w_hich you naturally stood out as the principal object. In obe dience to the voice of Peter's successor, you have ac cepted a territory and a flock, to rule them as Bishop of the Church of God. The holy anointment has placed you on the episcopal bench to assist them -with your piety, your prudence, and learning, in the mighty, work for which the Holy Ghost has sot them apart.' For theburden of the episcopate, humanly speaking intolerable, I have no earthly consolation to offer you You mnst lean on the Almighty arm of Him whose voice has elected you from among men to bear it. The early training of a spotless life has fitted you for it — whether it was in the Irish home of your boyhood, whore, under the teaching and example of a bishop who now is resting in- the bosom of God, and whose sainted name must be familiar to those by whom I am surrounded- — the late Dr. Hughes, of Gibraltar— you first were led to devote your life to the service of God ; or in Rome amid the cloisters of St. Isidore's convent, on the Pincian-hiil, where for years you drank in the spirit of your sainted founder St. Francis — the spirit of self-sacrifice and humility, and of the cross ; or in the academic halls already conse* crated by the genius, prodigious learning, and holy life 'of the great Luke Wadding, where you received the honors justly due to your talents. If those be claims sufficient to justify your elevation to the epis copate, they 'are entirely yours. If thirteen years of arduous foreign mission-life upon the Australian land ftro to-day crowned by the scene of which we are spectators, it ? is only the approving verdict of the several flocks whom you guided with fidelity and zeal, and who in return obeyed your holy counsels and prac tice, us their pastor, .with cheerful docility and ardor. Those words of mine, my Lord Bishop,' be pleased to accept as the expression of that legacy of holy aftep tion which our sainted founders, Francis and Dominic, bequeathed to ub when they met. for the first time and embraced on the. heights of Umbria. Let no poor words of mine further . stay the course of the Holy Spirit in your favor; let the imposing hands and holy anointing bring Him down from on high, filling your heart an dS brain with the gifts of peace -and power to enable you to accomplish the mighty work set apart for you ; let the fires of the Spirit descend* upon, you, at whose kindling touch* the holy priest will be changed into a bishop of, God's holy church ; and then, my Lord Bishop-elect; .with tiie mitre of justice on your consecrated head, with, the staff of power in your hand, ' go. forth to teaoh and rule the now inheritance' of Adelaide asiigned to ypu. .Oiirs will be the grief in; parting with you, hers wili, be the consolation — Victoria loses the; faithful 'loving priest; she gains the bishop of her desires. Suohdro the compensations of a good Providence in the eyer shifting soenes of life. . Go forth, my Lord Bishop; with the prayers and blessings of your friends and' flocks for your future happiness here and beyond the grave; and when the evening of, I trust, along life shall, by its thickening shadows, warn yon, '.that your course has well. nigh run out ; when surrounded and supported by the ' affection and fidelity of, a faithful priesthood and nook, the corona fralrum, may she, our risen Queen, whose glories the Church to-day is chant- ? ing from Rome to Melbourne, '.stand by your dying pillow to shed round.it the sweet fragrance of her in terccssionary power ; may she lead you in the dark night of death across the. wilderness to Jesus the eternal Pontift, who will give you that orown .of un fading beauty awarded to those who preserve the faith.' K _ ' THE BIGHT REV. BISHOP ' SHIEL,.,?OF ADELAIDE.— [Fbom a' Photograph by Fiuth.] : THE BIGHT REV. BISHOP ' SHIEL,.,?OF ADELAIDE.— [Fbom a' Photograph by Fiuth.] : C 6 Kf;S E C R ATION AT fST. FRANCIS C AT H E DB AL, MEL B O U B N E.— See page 7. C 6 Kf;S E C R ATION AT fST. FRANCIS C AT H E DB AL, MEL B O U B N E.— See page 7. 