SUNDAY READINGS. ,?????? (Compiled Specially for ? the Sydney' ??;,... ? - 'Freeman's Journal.' r ??? ;, ??;?. i'\ ????' '? ' ST. PATRICK, NO. II. ' : ? = . 'We have glanced, however superficially, in r«our last article at the main features of the mis sion of St. Patrick. To-day we shall endeavour ? to view in greater detail the principal events of \- : his life. ?'?????-?Regarding both the time and place of his birth, there has existed for many centuries a \- ? sharp controversy amongst me learned, xne nrst . -we shall dismiss, by accepting the most probable ?: opinion, namely, that our saint was born about the year of our Lord three hundred and eighty : seven.- We cannot so readily pass over the next, ? involving as it does, the honor of two nations. On the one hand we find all the antiquaries of ': Scotland maintaining that St. Patrick was born ? :at a place not far distant from the modern Dum ? barton in the Lowlands. In this opinion they ' are joined by the majority of the ancient Irish ; writers and more recently by Colgan. But the '-- Trench and the most skillful Archeologists of Ireland contest on the other hand that the '.'Benaven Taberniae mentioned by St. Patrick ?'? himself could not have been in Scot -; land, but? was situated near the present sea ' port of Boulogne- sur-mer in France. This latter opinion squares far the best with the subsequent events of the saint's life, and has one very strong ' philological argument in its favour. The Latin ?word Tabernia, used to signify a Roman camp ?of a permanent kind, was never employed to ?designate the military stations in Britain, and then, all admit that Benaven Tabernia was some Roman military station. Therefore it could not have been in Roman Britain of which Dumbar ' oh was the extreme outmost, and whose old fortifications obtained the name of castra, from which the English word Chester is derived. To superficial minds this dispute might seem a mat ter of little moment, but besides the fact that deep and learned men, and men of God have for centuries endeavoured to arrive at a just conclu sion regarding it, we, as Catholics, must feel ? that everything connected with a servant of God, so illustrious in his own age — so wonderful in his works in every age since, deeply interesting. And then we behold the dispute made the ob ject of the literary attempts of one of the most 'learned societies of our day. The illustrious Irishman who lately filled the exalted office ?of Cardinal, Archbishop of Westminster, and who, not to speak of his mighty works for the spread of the faith in England, did, at the same time, with that thirst for learning characteristic of his race, as much— we believe more — for Catholic litera ture than any one man of his generation, estab lished the learned society we refer to. It is 'called the Academia and is modelled after a similar one at Rome 'whose object was to de fend or illustrate the Catholic and Christian re ligion.' The Most Rev. Dr. Manning edited during' the past year some of the best essays produced by it and amongst them is one by John CJashel Hoey, late editor of the Nation news paper, upon the 'birth-place of St. Patrick.' We take the passing opportunity of referring to this essay with very great pleasure, not only be cause it admirably clears up the remaining por ! tion of the mist which hung round the nativity of our saint by placing Benaven Tibernia Avith out any doubt in Amoric Gaul ; but, because, it breathes, moreover, from beginning to end a thoroughly Catholic- feeling — a bold and manly and noble feeling which shrinks not from giving glory to God because that glory may be Irish, and which shews a just appreciation of the genuine English heart and understanding by not seeking to win favour where some suppose it can only be obtained, if not by actually insulting, at least by studiously ignoring Ireland. God for bid, indeed, that Cashel Hoey, or any one else, should speak or write a single word- calculated to engender antipathy of national feeling in any mixed community. Yet, God forbid likewise, that ever a feeling should exist capable of exact ing as the price of its pleasure or good favor the ignoring of a land so identified with the cross, so sacred, so suffering, and so religious. It is not by sinking either, but by loving both nationali ties — by loving as Catholics all that the church loves in the Celt and in the Saxon, and by ignor ing nothing save the faults, the vices, and the sins of which both races have been guilty that the nations now one in race, in language and in destiny can blend happily and prosperously upon the same soil. The prefatory remarks of Mr. Hoey we take as a fair sample of his usual spirit and style while they will further illustrate the subject we have on hand. He says : — 'The question of the birthplace of St Pat rick— a question which has been debated with considerable learning and acrimony for several ?.nituries — has always seemed to me to have an interest far beyond the rival claims of clans and the jealous litigation of the antiqxiary. It is in teresting not merely because it is in reality a archaeological problem, but also because it maY in some measure afford a clue to the character o* one of greatest saints and greatest men of his own age or of any other — a saint who was the apostle of a nation which he found all heathen and left all Christian : who succeeded in plant ing the Catholic faith without a single act of martyrdom, but planted it so firmly that it has never failed for now 1430 years, though tried in what various processes of martyrdom God and man too well know ; a saint whose apostolate was the mainspring of an endless succession of mis sionary enterprises, prosecuted with the same untiring zeal in the nineteenth century as in the fifth, wherever the vanguard of Christendom may happen to be found, whether in Austria, in Gaul, in Switzerland, or in Iceland, as now at the farthest confines of America and of Austra lasia. Add to these ordinary evidences of the supernatural efficacy of St. Patrick's mission, the testimony which is derived from the peculiar spiritual character of -the people that he converted. The Irish nation retains the impress which it received from the hands of St. Patrick in a way that I believe no other Christian nation has preserved the mould of its apostle. If that nation has never even dreamed of heresy or schism, it is because in terms as positive as an Ultramontane of our own days could devise, St. Patrick established the supreme authority of the Roman Pontiff as a chief canon of the Irish Church. Patience in poverty, an innate love of purity, prodigal almsgiving, and mutual charities the practice of heavy pennances and of long fasts, a peculiarly vivid sense of purgatoiy, and a strong devotion to the doctrine of the Trinity, which the Saint taught in the figure of the shamrock — these have always been the distinguished charac teristics of Irish piety. They were the peculiar characteristics of the Christian of the fourth century, who had not yet learned to live at peace with the world — who felt that as yet Christians were in the strictest sense one family community — who practised mortification, as if the untamed Pagan blood were still burning in his veins, and the great temptation to whose faith was the heresy of Arius. and the question of the relations of the Three Divine Persons. But St. Patrick was not only a great saint — was notjmerely and simply the apostle of the Irish ; he was their teacher and their lawgiver, their Cadmus Lycurgus as Avell. The school of letters, which he founded in Ireland, so well preserved, the learning which had become all but extinguished throughout Western Europe, that your own Alfred, following a host of your nobles and clerics, went thither to be taught, and the Universities of Paris and Pavia owe their earliest lights to Irish scholars. The Brehon laws, which are at last to be pub lished, by order of Parliament, a complete code of the most minute and comprehensive character, were, according to the evidence of our annalists, carefiilly revised and remodelled by St. Patrick, with the consent of the different Estates of the Kingdom of Ireland; and there is good reason to believe that this revision, of which there is abundant intrinsic evidence, had reference, not merely to the Christian doctrine and the canons of the Church, but to the Body of the Roman civil law.' And he adds — ' It would throw a certain light upon the character of a saint whose works were so various and so full. of vitality, if we could arrive at any solid conclusion as to the place of his nativity, the quality of his parentage, and the source of his education.' ' So far regarding the birth-place of the Saint. We shall hear from himself what little is known of his parentage and early history. In his con fession a short time previous to his death he says : — 'I, Patrick, a most unlearned sinner, the least of all the Faithful, and the most contemp tible amongst many, have had for my father, Calphurnius, a Deacon, who was the son of Potitus, formerly a priest, from tho town of Benaven Taberniaa, near the village of Enon, where I was made captive. I was then about 16 years of age, being ignorant of the true God, 1 was brought captive into Ireland, with so many thousand men according as we had deserved ; because we hud withdrawn -from God — did not keep his commandments — and were disobedient to our priests, who advised us for our salvation. The Lord therefore poured out upon us the wrath of his indignation, and scattered us amongst the Gentiles, even to the uttermost bounds of the earth ; where now my unwortki ness seems to abide amongst strangers, and where the Lord hath opened the ears of my in credulous heart, that even latterly, I might re member my sins, and be converted with my whole heart to my Lord, who hath regarded my lowli ness, and had compassion on the ignorance of my youth, and preserved me, before I knew him, and before I knew good from evil j admonish ing and consoling me as a father does his child. Whence, indeed, I cannnot, nor should I con ceal such benefits, and so much grace, which the Lord hath vouchsafed to bestow upon me, in the land of my captivity. For this is our recom pense, that after the chastisement and the ac knowledgement of God, we confess his wonders before every nation under Heaven. For there there neither is, nor was, nor will be, before or since, any other God, except our unbegotten God, the Father, without beginning, from whom is all beginning. For by him all things visible and invisible, were made. By him was begot ten his substantial Son, who was made man, and who having conquered Death, was as sumed by his Father into Heaven. He gave him all power over every name (a), of those that are in Heaven, on Earth, and in Hell, that every tongue might confess that the Lord Jesus Christ, is in the glory of God the Father, whom we be lieve, and expect to come, as our future judge of the living and. the dead. Who will render to every one according to his works, and pour on-, abundantly upon us the gifts of the Hol\ Ghost, and the pledge of Immortality. Making those who believe and obey him, to become the (a) Philip, ii, 9, 10, 11. Sons of God the Father, whom we confess and adore, as one God, in the Trinity of his Holy Name. For he spoke by the Prophets (&)-- ' Thou shalt call upon me in the day of tribula tion, and 1 will deliver thee, and thou wilt glorify me.' And again he says — 'Ttis most glorious to confess and reveal the works of the Lord.' (c) However, though I am imperfect in many things, I am anxious that my brethren and kinsfolk should be made acquainted with my circumstances, and that they should understand the aspirings of my soul. For I am well aware of the testimony of my Lord, who thus speaks by the Psalmist (d) — 'Thou shalt destroy all those who speak a lie.' And again, 'The mouth that telleth lies, killeth the soul.' (c) And the same Lord in the Gospel saith (f) — 'Every idle word that men shall speak, they shall render an account of it in the day j udgement. ' Wherefore, most earnestly with fear and trembling, 1 ought to dread this sentence ; on that day, when no body can conceal or hide himself, but all must, without exception, render an account of our most trivial sins, before the Tribunal of our Lord Jesus Christ. Wherefore, I formerly intended to write, and up to this day, I have hesitated, for I feared I would encounter the reproaches of men. Not being educated as others, who were very learned in the sacred Scriptures, and who have never changed their studious condition from their infancy, but have been always adding, more and more to their advancement. Besides, our words have had to be translated into a dif ferent language. Now, one can easily ascertain, from the context of my writing, how I have been brought up and instructed in my conversations. For the wise man says (#), ' By the tongue we discover the sense, and the knowledge, and the doctrine of truth. But defence is profitable if true, especially when one has any thing to pre sume upon. So that now 1 desire, in my old age, what I have not attained in my youth ; for my sins have prevented me from experiencing what I had formerly read ; but who will believe me, and if I say, what I have said before, that I was made captive, whilst a youth, nay, almost a beardless boy, before I could understand what I ought to desire or to avoid. Whence this day I blush and very much do dread to discover openly my ignorance, because I cannot explain with conciseness of language what my feelings dictate, and my mind)' and sense and affections demonstrate, and if it be given to me, as to others, 1 will not be silent for recompense ; and if some should seem to prefer me with mine ignorarice and unpolished language, for it is written (k) — 'The tongues of stammerers shall learn to speak plainly.' How much more ought not we desire, who are the epistle of Christ, to the extremity of the earth, not eloquent (i), but Avritten in your hearts, not with ink, but with the spirit of the living God, (j) Sim plieity is the creation of the Most High, as the spirit of the same living God testifies. Wherefore, I, at first, simple and unlearned, not knowing how to provide for the future, but this 1 know, without doubt, that before I was hum bled, I was like a stone that lieth in the dej-th of the mire, until he who is Almighty came, and. in his mercy lifted me up and raised me on high, and placed me on the summit of the wall. Hence, I ought to cry out more and more in gratitude to the Lord for such benefits, (now and for ever, ) which the human mind can make no account of. Wherefore, admire and praise ye, great and small, who fear the Lord ; and you who know not the Lord. Ye learned ones hear and examine who hath raised me, a fool, from the midst of those who seemed to be wise and lawyer-like, and eloquent in language and every other accomplishment and indeed who inspired me, who am hateful in this world above all others, to become his servant, so that with fear and reverence, and without reproach, I shall faithfully serve that people, whom the charity of Christ transferred and bestowed upon me, during my life, if I 'prove worthy. Finally, that in all humility and truth, I should serve him without end or measure. A. Columbine Burnt to Death. — A fearful scene occurred at the Lyceum. Theatre, Sunder land, on Thursday night, during the performance of the pantomime, 'Robin Hood.' A gutta percha tube connecting the wing lights became detached, and the gas escaping ignited and' a loud explosion took place, the flame shooting up to the top of the stage. A rush was made to. the door by the audience, who thought the theatre was on fire, but they were stopped by seeing Miss Louisa Ricardo, who was engaged as Columbine, rush on to the stage enveloped in flames. She had been standing amongst a group collected at the wing, waiting her turn to go on, when the flames caught her muslin skirt. She shrieked and rushed on in the middle of tie scene, where her father was playing as Clown, but was thrown down by one of the stage car penters. Mr. Bell, the lessee, rushed from his private box, and his top coat was pulled off and wrapped round the poor girl, and the flames were beaten out. A number of the audience clambered from the pit to the stage while the fearful scene was going on, but they ultimately resumed their seats, and the performance pro ceeded. Miss Ricardo was removed home and attended to by medical men, and Friday morning no dangerous results were apprehended, though she was sadly burnt about the arms and chest. She died, however, at two o'clock in the after noon from her injuries and the fshock to her system. Her father was so much burned in en deavouring to put out the fire that he will be unable to resume his profession for sometime.— Leeds Mercury. (b) Psl. lxxx. 8. ' I ? (c) Tob. xii. 7. J . (d) Ps. v. 7 ?.??;?. ' ? j (c) Wisdi i. 11. '??-' (f) Matt. xii. 36. , (-j) Ecclus. iv. 29. ' (h) Is. xxxii. 4. ? '???''??? ?' ?'?'?'- [i) 2 Cor. iii. 3; ? ^ - ir :i (i) Ecclus. vii. 16. - 