^eM&Ie.; T H E S L E E P - W A L K E R ; OB, sJarr TJUJBEBA'S •ntxai.s, CHAPTER XLUL ' BY MBS. GOBDON 8HYTITIES, Author of" Oar Mary," "The Woman in Bloek;" etc.etc. LOBD BEATTEEPAIBE'S acquaintance with SIR Arthur was very slight; but he had been very intimate with Lady Theresa, when, under the chaperonape of Lady Featherton, she bad made her dtb&t; in London society during the past season. He held out his tbin, burning band to the young bride, who, not liking the smouldering fire in her husband's dark eyes, as he did so, placed that wasted hand in he husband's, and said— " Sir Arthur Waldegrave has studied medicine, my lord, and has a small travelling medicine-chest with him, he can do you a great deal more good than I can." Then, as Father Antonie had whispered to her that the rooms allotted to herself and Sir Arthur were at band, and that the adjoining apartment was the one destined for herself, she said— " Arthur, I will go and change my dress, and prepare for supper, if you the while will see what you can do to relieve Lord Beaurepaire." Sir Arthur's brow cleared as she glided out of the room, and freed for a moment from the claws and fangs of the green-eyed monster, his better feelings came into play, and kindly approaching the man who had been his hated rival and his bitter foe, he felt his pulse, and inquired into his -symptoms. " I fear I am dying, Sir Arthur," said Lord Beaurepaire, speaking with great difficulty, for he was suffering from inflammation of the lungs, caused by the extreme -cold of the air he was inhaling • " and worst of it is, in this great stone barn there's nothing to be had. Their ideas of medicine do not extend beyond a little lukewarm tisane (Anglice, lime tea), or the application of leeches to one's feet, for this burning fire here," he said, touching his chest with his hand, " or worms wrapped up in a napkin outside the seat of agony. These remedies have been tried, and I need not say without effect. I've not a ghost of a chance; but if I were anywhere else within reach of an English doctor, and an English druggist I, might be pulled through." " "Well, if you will put yourself in my liands," said Sir Arthur, " I will do my best for you. I was brought up in early youth to the study of medicine, for I was A third son. I have walked tie hospitals, and I know enough to prescribe for you, and have a small medicine chest with ine—indeed, I never travel without it 1" " Oh, then, for heaven's sake, lose no time," said Lord Beaurepaire. " I'm here quite alone—I havn't even my valet with me—I'm confoundedly -low and hipped, and even I know enough of medicine to be aware I mustn't take any stimulant, and I'm haunted by the thought that, if I die here, these monks won't bury me like a Christian, but will stow me away in that charnel house close by, among those dreadful bodies ifound in the snow, that stand upright and glare at one. Ob, I'm in mortal dread of being preserved there, to be stared at by tourists for centuries to cornel And then, to tell the truth," he gasped out" I'm tormented in my mind about that poor little woman, Lady Featherton— she's gone to her last account." " Lady Featherton dead 1" said Sir Arthur, much shocked, for he remembered how Tain and pretty, and how full of life she had been when he saw her last. " Yes'! and, by Jove, I daresay I shall get all the blame -of her folly, as I did when she would follow me, and compelled me to elope with her ; but what is a man to do, if a pretty woman will throw herself on his protection ? " "Well, right or wrong, I travelled with her to Chamouni. There she took a jealous fit, and threw herself from one of those frightful precipices the mules are so fond of stretching their necks over. The guides thought and reported that she fell from her mule in a fit of terror j but I know better. -She wanted me to promise to mariy her when Featherton had divorced her, and as I wouldn't, she flung herself over." He spoke so wildly, and yet with so much difficulty, that Sir Arthur perceived there was, indeed, no time to be lost, and that he was under the influence of delirium. Feeling convinced that the most active remedies were necessary, Sir Arthur, at the risk of bein"- considered by the gentle and homoeopathic monks a sort of modern Sangrado, applied a blister to Lord Beaurepaire's chest, and opened a vein in his arm. It is very seldom that blood-letting does anything but deadly harm ; but in cases of apoplexy, pleurisy, and inflammation of the chest or lungs, it will often save a life that else must be sacrificed. As the blood flowed from the arm, the breathing became easy, the pain in the chest abated, and the deadly and contracted agony of the face gave way to a placid expression. CHAPTER L. LADY THERESA, who had stolen to her husband's side, to help him in operations from which the monks recoiled, bathed that pale face of perfect and aristocratic beauty with eau- de-Cologne and water, and wiped it with her own little pocket-handkerchief of cambric and lace. Lord Beaurepaire lifted tbe'white lids and heavy black lashes that fringed his very expressive sloping blue eyes, so magnificent in their purely English beauty, and while a graceful smile animated the finely- chiselled lips, above which tho soft chestnut moustache waved, he extended liis finely-shaped white band, no longer scorching, and saying, "Heaven bless and reward you both," ho sank into a refreshing sleep. Meanwhile, Sir Arthur, who, under the influence of " sweet Charity, the fairest of the three celestial graces," had cscaped for a timo from the clutches of a demon jealousy, smiled his approval of his brido's womanly attentions to the sick man, and feminine ingenuity of her arrangements for his comfort. 'With the help of the good monks, who were inexpressibly relieved to find so great a change for the better in Lord Beaurepaire's state, they bung the room with blankets, the window and door especially, tosccurean even temperature, and the exclusion of the biting, ice-laden air. They obtained a good supply of wood, although Fathor Ansel mo, in excuse for tho sparing use of fuel in the convent, notwithstanding the Siberian cold that reigned there, explained that every bit of wood they consumed in the monastery had to be brought from the valley-below, on the. back of a mule. Still, inthecase.ofthesick"milor," the good monks were liberal, and while they strongly advocated their own tisane as. a beverage, they gave Lady Theresa, at. her earnest entreaty, a frugal pinch of souchong, a' few lumps of sugar, and a jug of goat's-milk, together with a pat of butter and a slice of bread, so that, with Sir Arthur's help, she was able to prepare a cup of very good tea and a plate of butter-toast for her husband's patient when he woke. This ho did just.before the supper-bell rang through the long, dark, stone, vault- like corridor?, Lord Beaurepaire was so weak that Sir Arthur was obliged to support him in his arms, while Lady Theresa administered the tea and toast. The invalid was only able to take a very little at a time; but that little greatly refreshed and renovated him. Emulating the economy of their hosts, Sir Arthur and Lady Theresa placed what remained of the tea and toast under cover by the fire, and as their patient had again fallen into a soft sleep, they went down together, arm in arm, to the refectory. ' As both Sir Arthur and his bride were faint with fasting, everything seemed excellent to them; and certainly hospitality and cleanliness presided at that board. The soup was hot, the viands, though very simple, were palateable, and the monks, who had nothing austere or monastic about them, talked—and talked well, too—of the same topics which we hear discussed at the dinner-tables of Belgravia and May Fair. • The handsome young monk who had excited Sir Arthur's ever-ready jealousy was not present. He was presiding at the second table, in-another part of the convent, where travellers of a lower grade, wandering minstrels, travelling pedlars, muleteers, and other wayfarers, in tho humble ranks of life wbo had been benighted ia the dangerous mountain-pass between Italy and Savoy, were regaled. It the absence of any object at all calculated to excite bis jealousy, Sir Arthur Waldegrave was supremely happy. Lady Theresa, looking an incarnation of bloom and beauty, the beau ididl of a happy English bride, was smiling upon bim. He was rejoicing in the thought that he had saved the life of a man who had tried to rival and to injure him. By some fortunate chance, there was no one at table but Father Antoine, Father Ignatius, Father Joseph, Father Anselmo, and themselves. The red wine warmed their blood, the firelight played upon the walls, where hung, glazed and framed, engravings from celebrated pictures by Sir Edwin Landseer and Daniel Maclise, Millais and Salomon. Yes, Eaglish genius lighted up with poetry and sentiment and beauty, the grim granite walls of that Alpine convent. English books were on the side- tables, English names were familiar as household words in tho ears and on the lips of the monks of St. Bernard. A violent storm had arisen; the wind howled, and roaTed, and sobbed, and whistled, and at times almost screamed round the thick, rugged walls of the mountain monastery. Lady Theresa could almost have fancied that the ghosts of all who had been lost in tho snow, and whose bodies, lifeless yet lifelike, are stowed away in the dead-house of the convent, were riding on the stormy nightblast, and bewailing the fate that had torn them, "unhouseled, unanointed, unannealed," from their hapless bodies. All was inky black without, save that on the mullions of the windows the snow was crusted, and that the light in the refectory was reflected in prismatic colors on the white heaps, and flamed and flashed like rubies and topazes on the diamond panes of the casement. She smiled as she listened to the monks discussing European politics with Sir Arthur, and, was delighted to hear the names, Derby, Bulwer Lytton, and Disraeli, Palmerston, Gladstone, Milner Gibson, Russell. &e.;, flow glibly from lips which she, in fancy, had associated with nothing bat aves and paters, and their owners with a life of utter seclusion from the world and its politics, and devotion to the saving of human lives and of their own. souls. Nor where politics the only modern themes with which the monks of St. Bernard were familiar. With English and French literature they seemed conversant, and could discuss the merits and demerits of " the last new novel," the voices of our prime donne, the genius of Charles Kean, and the restoration of the drama, Shakespere's house and garden, and the claims of the Dramatic College. (To be continued.) 