INCIDENTS IN THE LIFE OF AN ITALIAN BRIGAND. THE following story, illustrative of the deep feeling of revenge that so often manifests itself in the Italian and Spanish peasantry, was related by a poor Italian mendicant, with whom the writer lately happened to meet. We believe the narrative is in strict accordance with truth. Some forty or fifty years ago, on a delight- ful evening in the middle of July, a young girl might have been seen sitting before a little cottage on the outskirts of a small village near Florence. She was busily en- gaged plying her needle, and the warm light of an Italian sunset, as it shed a rich hue over her glossy ringlets, and increased the delicate tint of her blooming check, with the fragrant, flower-beds planted around, and the neat and comfortable-looking cottage, formed a picture of rural felicity that was quite en- chanting. By her side was seated a youth whose eye appeared to regard her motions with an interest that betokened a feeling in his heart stronger than that of friendship, and a look of disappointment seemed to tell that he had been refused some expected favour. " You will not go to the ball to- night, then, Julia ?" at length he said, ad- dressing, her ; " and all my expected enjoy- ment will be spoiled." " You know, Franesco," replied she, " how ill my poor mother is; and it would be very unkind to leave her alone." "' Then, if it must be so, dearest, I shall not go at all; for without you the ball would have no attraction for me." So saying, Fran- coseo arose from his scat, and, bidding her adieu, turned his stops towards home, while Julin still continued busily plying her needle. Francesco Maratto was the son of a small proprietor occupying the principal house in the village. His youth had been chiefly devoted to acquiring skill in athletic exercises. In his boyhood he was the leader in every sport, and foremost in every feat of daring. As he advanced in age, and took his part in the village games, he excelled all his com- panions, till, at length, no one thought of competing with him. His figure was tall and powerful and his features handsome; but in the curl of his lip and the expression of his eye, there was an indication of pride and obstinney, almost the natural consequence of the light in which he was regarded by his companions as the village champion. Julia, the affianced bride of Francesco, whom we have introduced to our readers above, was a fair maiden of eighteen, with laughing blue eyes, and bright auburn ring- lets, and rosy lips. She was esteemed the prettiest girl in the village, and knowing this, of course sometimes played the coquetto, yet, as she loved Francesco sincerely, she did not give him much cause to chide her. A few weeks before the above interview took place, a young' artist from Rome had come to reside a short time in the village, for the purpose of sketching some romantic scenery in tho neighbourhood. Attracted by the beauty of Julia, whom he had met fre- qunetly in his walks, Lorenzo (the name of the artist) had framed several excuses for visiting her cottage, and Julia, flattered by the attentions of the accomplished stranger, had received his visits without reserve. T'he jealousy of Francesco, aroused by this, watched the young artist with no friendly eye; but when he accused Julia of inconstancy, she threw her arms laughingly around his neck, and kissed the frown from his brow. Such in argument was not to be resisted, and so for the time his jealousy was banished. On the evening we have alluded to, there was to be a ball in the village, and Francesco had looked forward to the fete with pleasure, ex- peating to meat with Julia there. But, as we have already said, he was disappointed. The evening passed on, and, as he sat list- lessly under the shade of a tree beside his father's house, his thoughts turned to the enjoyments he had been promising himself, and his mind was possessed by that restless feeling of dissatisfaction with one's self and everything around, that gennerally results from disappointed hopes. Starting, suddenly up, and shaking off his lethargy, he snatched his gun, which was lying new, and tried to beguile the time strolling along the banks of a neighbouring stream, and watching the last rays of the setting sun as they sparkled on its rippling surface. The sun had sunk below the horizon, and the last streaks of daylight were scarcely visible in the western sky, and still Francesco wandered on, heedloss why or where he went, till at length he approached the ruins of an ancient tower overlooking the stream. Con- nected with this this tower there was a legend that many years before a jealous lover had murdered his rival within its walls, and it was reported by the peasantry that the ghost of the assassin was seen at night wandering about the ruins, Francesco, undaunted by such superstitions, entered at the low portal, and stood within the moss-covered walls. The moon, which had risen in a cloudless sky, was shining through the narrow window, and casting a stream of light on the opposite wall, increasing ten-fold, by its contrast, the surrounding darkness. Francesco looked around, null a shudder suddenly ran through his frame, as he behold in one corner, half revealed by the moonbeams, a tall figure robed in white, with a frowning uspect, and holding a drawn dagger in his hand. He stood for a short time in suspense, but remembering to have seen at rude figure sculptured on the wall, he approached, and found that the moon- light shining on it produced the startling effect that at first seemed an apparition. The loneliness of the spot, however, and this startling incident, filled his mind, though not easily daunted, with something like terror, and he began to retrace his steps hastily towards the village. As he returned home, his mind filled with this strange incident, his thoughts reverted to the legend of the tower, and the deadly re- venge of the injured lover. The scene con- jured up by the loneliness of the spot seemed to start vividly before him, and pursuing this train of thought, he naturally recollected the events of the last few weeks, and the jealousy he had felt toward the young artist. As he proceeded on, his mind filled with such gloomy fancies, he was suddenly awakened from his reverie by the sound of music and revelry at no great distance. Looking up, he found that the sounds of mirth proceeded from a house near the wayside, the windows of which were brilliantly lighted up, and the flitting shadows passing across showed him that dancing was going on within. Francesco recollected at once that this must be the bull-room where the festivities of the evening were to be held, and curiosity prompted him to approach. Lifting the latch of a little door that opened on the pathway, he entered a large garden through which he must pass before reaching the house. The fragrance of immunerable flowers filled the air, and the sound of music stealing on the stillness of the evening made Francesco saunter along the walks wrapped for some time in his own thoughts, without heeding the looks of suspicion that were east upon him by a few of the revellers who had taken refuge from the heat of the ballroom in the cool evening breeze. Their looks of suspicion were not unfounded, on seeing a person in- truding amongst them armed with a gun. After a short time he approached one of the windows which was thrown wide open, dis- closing the scene of gaiety within. He stood for a little watching the fair forms that were passing before him, when suddenly his eye was rivetted with intensity of gaze, and his blood mounted to his brow, as he saw his Julia wheeling round in the giddy circle of the waltz with the young artist, Lorenzo. The thoughtless Julia, unconscious of the presence of her lover, was enjoying the flat- teries of her new admirer, when, happening to approach the window, she started with terror on seeing Francesco, his eyes flashing with fury, pointing his gun towards her. She screamed for assistance, but it was too late: a loud report, followed by a wild shriek, and poor Julia sank on the floor bathed in blood. The ball had taken fatal effect, and in a few minutes the fair girl was a lifeless corpse. Nor had Lorenzo escaped the deadly revenge, for the ball, entering his side as he stood close to the unfortunate Julia, had inflicted a wound that at first seemed mortal. All were in consternation at the fearful tragedy, and there were many sad hearts in the village that night, for Julia had been a general favourite. Deep vows of revenge were uttered by her friends against the assassin; but he was nowhere to be found. A week passed on, and a funeral procession might have been seen wending its way down the principal street of the village, accompanied by a band of maidens dressed in white, with many a tearful eye among them as they fol- lowed their favourite companion to the grave, over which was placed a simple stone record- inn her molancholy end. Week passed on after week, ind still there was no intelligence of Francesco, and the dark event was beginning to fade from the minds of the villagers. About two months might have elapsed, when one evening a vehicle was toiling up a steep ascent on the road leading to Florence. The carriage seemed to be one of the most unpretending description, drawn by a single horse which an boy was leading up the ascent. A youth, pale and emnaciated, was reclining back in the carriage, seeming just to have recovered from severe illness. His eyes were full of expression, and his face seemed lighted up with ethusinsm as he looked around or the scenery, which at that part of the road was very wild and ragged. Huge masses of rook rose on each side, form- ing a narrow pass, the top of which was thickly wooded, and the overhanging, foliage was throwing its dark shadow on the path bolo,. - SWrapt in cantomplnt;ion of the gPrandeur of tile seonery, Lordnzo (thr it wats he who occupied the Ci'riageo, antld who had now nearly recoveretldof his wound) dlid not observe some figures seerainiigly as wild thanisolvoes as the scenery aroumdi who weore occasionally peeoring' from nbove reconnoitring his move ments. On turning' an angle of the ronai, hIowever, hue ciellille iiow of? seoveral rlflitn like fellows, wiho wero collected in a group Iat some distaince. 'FeOling' a little 'alrmerl at their nppearano, hielo ositanted whether to proceed, lut lthoughtll nothing' wnould he gained l)by rotuinini; and so having o'rdel'ed the boy to resume his sent, as the road was now more loevel, drtove on at a nrapid pane. To hiald not proceeded fIr, however, when smei one 0 suddenl y dan'ted fiom tie roadside, and -seizing' th?e reins, ordered him to halt, at the seone tieo piointing' a pistol to his broest. Loroenzo looked tow'rds the bigannd (for sutch hlie seemed), nnd tr'inedl pale with terror on 'ecog'nising' in hini Iho assissin Firancesco, 1The r'ecog'nition was oIuti tual, and FraIncesco, with a fiondish smiln, exclanimed, " Nowv, I shall finish my reveng'e," ltnd inlnmediately ti~treld thn pistol at Iis hirenst. At the sanme instinn(, the othe' brhigandls rIushied forward, antd driigging' himi fi'om the carrinag' com noncedl to plundei him of' anything that excited thouir cupidity. In tle confitsion that followed, the boy, ·who had remnined un hiededl, seizing thn rinns, drove off at fuill s(0l, 011(1 lsucceodehd in escaping, althou'hl hfllOlt ed by a shower of balls sent after hlin by the briganuds, 'On reclhiung the village the news of the utfliir was quickldy sprc.d. It was ascertained litit F,'rancesco hadI collected a band of about t·wenty r1flians, of whom he lhad beeU chosen ('aptain, nond they had betaken themselves to tlis filstnesses of the neighbouring' lloulntains fr the plrpose tof sallying' forth to waylay travellers. Another week brou1g'ht intelli gence of ai fresh attack on several travellors, ?h] had boon overpowered and plundered. Consternation filled the minds of every one, andl a troop of horse was sent out to scour the country in pursuit of them. 3But their places of conceanlont were too well chosen to be easily traced. Francesco, who, we have said, was remark able for his agility mind muscular power, as well as fir his daring' chantiter, became so fearless after a time as sometimes to enter the village alone or accompanied bh a single companion, and visit his home for the pur lose of. procuriig aumnlllitionl. On one of these occasioiIs, infornmatio01 having. beaoi received of his presence in the village, sonme of the villahers placed themselvos in amnbushl l close to his fathor's cottage, expecting easily to take himn prisoner. It chanced on this occasion that ono of his companions had iwecolmplnied Ioinl, and wits stationied outside to keep guard, Obsoerving soveral of the villagers, who appeared to be watching for so5nie one, his suspicios weore excited, and lihe inim itetely gave the alarm to F'rancesco, who, retreating' to the back of the house, thought to nmake his escape by a window unnoticed. But his motions were too closely watched, and as he leaped froni the window a piowerfil arm was extended to seize him. With one blow fi'om a stiletto, however, Frnncesco stretchled his assaihlnt on the grtiund, antld started offi towards the moun tanis pursued by the rest of the villagers who had boon waitino' in ambush. Such was his dexterity, that, loading his gun several times during his flight, he turned round and fired on his pursurs. By this mniens and by his swiftless of foot 10 succeeded in freeing'. hiniself of all but one, who seemed eovery m,,ment to io gaining on him. His nmmu nition wIts now spent,' and, its his puirsuer was arme(l, there seemed no chance of safety but in flight. lHo strained overy nerve to eseaope, but in vain, They laud now left the villag the fboilrnd and wore approaching the mlounltains. There was a deep ravine or gully at no great distanco, worn in the mountain side, by a rushing torrenot, which flowed at a grouat depth boenoath, Francesco's detormina tion was instantly taken, aiud toward this ravine he directed his flight. A few hundred yards brought him to it, but to attempt leaiping it seemed certain death, the distance across beingo more than twenty- six fooeet. For a moment lihe hesitated, but there seemed no alternativo save delivering himself a prisoner. Despair nerved him with supernatural strengthl, aud with a bound like a tiger he cleaoed the yawning chasm, and planted his foot in safety on the opposite brink.* A few strides norebrought him to a place of shelter, and his pursuer, who was not darin" enough to attempt to follow him, was obliged to ireturn dalone. We nmst now pass over two years of 'ran cosco's life, durinm'' which he had continued to i)e the terror of- the surrounding country; and a lanrge reward had bieen offered to any one who should give information that would lead to his apprehension. An offer such as this was very tempting to such lawless men as those who wore associated with him, but, ntcording to the common proverb, ]honour mi1nng thieves," they continued to remain fidthfil to him. At length, however, having quarrelled with one of ftem, anger aided by avarice induced the robber to determine on betraying iis leader. One sultry evening' ranceosco was reclining listlessly in fiout of one of his secret moun tain recesses, onjoying' the refroshing' coolness ihat proceeded friom a waterfall close at hand. 'The spot seemed to have boon formed in one of nature's wildest moods. A mountain stretim rushing impetuously down the steep, tumnbled over a lofty precipice, the noise of its fElling' waters sounding in loud rover borations fromt the sides of a deep ravine, along the bottom of which thile stream con tinued its course. The ascent, almost por pondiiullri on eanch sidtle was clothed with luxuriant foliage; here and thoro an fin menso nmass of rock jutting out in hold prominence, A little to the one sido of the waterfall, and about fifty feet from the bottom of the preipico,'i searceoly perceptible at more than a few yards' distance, was the entrance to a small cave, closed in anid almost con cenledl by the rank vogotation that grow around. Thb approach to it was by a narrow and difficult patli winding up the most pro cipitous side of the ravine, and at one part crossin,' a deep fissure in the rock by a rode hridge 7ormed of a single tree, along' which it was no oasy task fbr even the lawless mountaineers who tenanted the spot to guide thoeir footsteps. Fooling' himself secure in the concealment of a r'otreat so secluded, Francesco, we have said, was reclining listlessly in fiont of the cave, basking himself in a sunbeam that darted its long stream of light into the surrolluliding' gloomn. Iis companions, having o'one on some oxpedition, had loft him alone in the midst of the dromeary solitude. While hlie watcheld the golden rays of the settinii sun retreating alowly up the side of the ravine, as it sink towards tihe horizon, he could not rofrain from contrasting' its joyous light with tio g'loomy darkness that filled hirs own bosom; for oven the most hardened cannot nahlnys smother tile workings of a g'uilty consoience, but, like a harpy con tinually preying on the vitals of its vioctim, it will giv" foraboding of' the punishmont i'eserved for a future state, when it will be over inflicting increasing' torments. Hisoo e I had just marked the last point that had hoon gil aed by the sunbeam, now vanished from his sight, when his attention was attracoted by the sound of footsteps in the direction of the pathway nppronalhing' the cave. Iio stnrted to his feet, and, seizing his gtn, advanced a fow steps. Suddenl3 some one darted from the tangled brakeo, nud, grnappling with him, attompted to disarm him. Afleirce strltg.]o onsued, and FrIancesco had nearly forced his antagonist over the steep hfont of the precipice, when lie was seized by a strong arm from bohind and lthrowni to the ground. Soveral others now napproaching disarnmed him andl took him prisoner, and conduclted him down the pathwtty. The party who had thus taken Francesco prirsottr had heen condluceted: to the spot by the robber with whom hihald quari'olled an'd he it nwas who had.nearly met a spoeedy death S: rudolelycoulpturod elona marksk the spot where thiuextraoridiftil y leap wasi taken. by beino' hurled over the btrink of the pre cipice wien rescued by the timely arrival of assistance. Francesco was conducted under a stroing guard to Florence, foll\owed by the cxecrations of the multitude, and. there safely lodged in prison. In a few days he was brought before the tribunal, amidst an immlense crowd of spectators, to receive judgment. It needed but little proof to establish his guilt, and lihe was speedily condemnled to death, without receivinlg fiom any 1,loe a nlmurmur of sympathy. When again lodged in prison, lie sent for his brother, a wild, reckless youth, who had frequently joined him in his maraud ingo expeditions. He canme the same evening', and entering' the cell where his brother was confined, began to condole with him on his unhlappy) fite. I-e was quickly interrupted, however, by Francesco, who thus addressed him :-'' Glovanni, will you listen to the lIst request of a brother, and swear to perfbrm it ?" "'I swear," replied he. " You klow, then," continued he, "that I have bees ,betrayed by one whom I tritsted as a friend. I cimnbt die in :peace if .f atni not revengued. Swear to me, Giovanni, thatr you will find him out, bm'y your poninird in Iris bosom, and bring' to mroe the heairt of the traitor." The desired assuranco was 'ivero, iltd Giovanni doparted to execute his feai'fil mission. We need not dwell on the details of the revolting tranody; suffice it to say, that ere mnily days c'lapsod Giovalnni returnedl, and, again entering' the cell, satisfied his brother that the deed of blood had beeoon doiie. In a few clays more Francesco was led to the seaffold, wiere, supported by his great physical courage, lie met dentl with stoical inuiftfernce? and was consigned to a felon's rave, unllholourn'd and unwept. His brother t iovanni succeeded in oscaping from the hands of justice, and was lately seeoo in a maritime town in Englannd wandering about, a poor and helpless mendicant. 