IIEATHEN OR OIIRTSTIAN ? THAT IS THE QUESTION. (To Ilhe bdito of the lerall and Chronicle.) Stn,-Having been a resident in this colony nearly eleven yours, and engaged in instructing the laity (old and young) all that long period, as I hove received commandment and special commission from my God to do so, I cannot allow this opportunity to pass without putting in writing my opinion of the present state of parties in this colony. I say this present opportunity, inasmuch as I have seeoon in Goulburn the exact counterpart of the wicked con duct of some men in Sydney, who, by roeason of uni voreal manhood suffrage, think themselves entitled to ignore God's priesthood, and treat them as " th1 filth of thie earth, and as the offecouring of cal things." What does this exhibit but the identical conduct of the heathcen at the beginning of tlhe kingdom of God, in Corinth and Athens, in Ephesus and Rome, as well as in Jerusalem? Knowing how frequently certain men in this city have expressed in words, their profound respect and reverence fox holy men and holy thlings (and if clergy and theio vocation are not of that class, then what are they ?) I must declare my unfeigned sorrow at having been a witness of language and behaviour in the great hall of the institute, presided over by William Evant Dignum, Esq., J.P., on Weodnesday evening last, only suited to the scoffing and unbelieving inhabit ants of the cities above named, originally pagan Any observers of parties in Now South "Wales nos must see that social ecienco is at as low and muddy a S?d cas political science and religious knowledge. There cro neither tory, radical, nor whig parties, any more than the various grades of social rank; and all for one and the same reason--the existing manhood suffrage, unrestrained and uncurbed by either financial or intellectual checks. Any tinker, or tailor, cobbler, barher, or other trader, may got up in a public meeting and exercise what he callt his right to ecoffl" t tile clergy, and mock at theoi moral, religious, and social status; and if they do not become like himself, brawlers, mountebuans, witth other such like tokens of being unbelievers in Jesus, as God over all the ends of the earth, all these orators lhug themselves into the conviction that they have put down (or shut up) " the wholeoclerical rank and file " in this colony; and what is that but the conduct of the rich and powerful silversmiths and coppersmciths of A?thens, Corinth, and Ephesus They, yet being ho:lheon, were determined to carry ri et nrisun, by ill manner of clamours, hbbhub, and conuttmely, their resolution not to llow thoese clergy. men to have the itnslrie;on of the people inl tleir hands. And were they net, iy so doing, unwittingly, but most assuredly, fighting against God ? Can any man, if he know how to speak atd write liko a Christian, anywheoro show se ono singlo pes age in any book rnecolted holy, either by tle churoh uldor the new dispensatiol or the old, that denies to t5o clergy the ofsies and function of instructors in rightonusneos? "If all were teachers, wlhor weor b heairersP "--evidently showing that if there bo no t?aehing priesthood in the colony, there can he no helieving people. And vet how many thousands of the people in Now South Walos are " forgetfull eonrers" of tho instruction delivered unto them by those whom God has sent to teach them ? If laity were " dloors of the word, and not heorers only, do eoiving their own olves," instoead of being "osy ohnd:s asl meddlers with the aiffirs and concerns of the amb',ssadors of Christ, as the Lord of all nations, they would gladly rejoice with them at any progress of the Iongdom of God, by means of arduous clerical labours in the cities, and in tthe towns, and in the bosh. Supposing that, instead of studying to be qiet and to mind their own business, as enjoined upon them by God, they should quit the work whoro ntote God the Holy Ghost hathcalled them,and should do as all the scoffers and mockers at holy men and holy things now do, shout out; " away with all the elorics from the earth: who is lord over us: we are thev who ought to speakl: down with all the clerical rank and file, hurrah! and nine more cheers for mianhood suffrage ;" whereby all the unwashed and unclean are put on political equality with those who. are holy and religious arid devoted to the work and service of Joesus! I hovo observel only two sections or 05 pop- n tion in earnest endeavours after the proposed Public Schools Act; designedly and.confessedly contrived to shut up all country schools. I say all country schools, because it is only in largo towns that two hundred scholars can possibly be in attendance at schools but two miles osunder. During the preval ence of bushranging in the counties of King, Argyle, and Georginna, the general cry within and without the colonill legislature was--who can wonder at this iniquity being so prevalent, and such monsters of impiety being so encouraged and harbored, seeing that there ore but a handfil of clergymen to minister Imongst and instruct the resident rustic population in their religious duties and social obligations? Hnt now at this time, when schools are multiplying and clergymen and schoolmasters increased and in croesing, what is the cry in lieu of the bushranger's revolvers P? Shut up these schools founded by God's ambassadors, and start others at the expense of the public purse! If this be wisdom, then it is from heneath, earthly-sensual, as saith God the Holy Ghost to all forgetful hearers of the word. For these eight years psseod it is notorious that I have openly expressed my disnpproval of the two opposition boards of control, ns both consisted of men unknown for piety, or learning, academical status, or anything else; linbut that they were lay friends of thie sealur authorities. Nor do I believe that the public schools of this colony will over work well for the tax-payers, and for all who are most interested, until three or four salaried commissioners, consisting of men of duly acknowledged academical, intellectual, religious, and social standing have the control of the public schools revenue, along with a crown minister of public instruction to report thereon to parliament. Such was my published opinion eight years ago, and such opinion still remains, and such' is just recommended to the attention of parlia ment in England by the officers of Her Majesty, as the substitute for the unsalaried committee of the Privy Council upon public schools in England and Wales. Moreover, the method of appointing school guardians in each locality, wherever a public school is proposed or exists, should be by election, the parents voting for four of the men in whom they would confide to watch over the school-teachers, and take care that they are fit and proper persons to he in'continual charge of their children. It is equally notorious that non-vested national schools, as well as other schools, have had my pastoral care and over sight and attention, so far as other religious duties have permitted me; and in all cases my colohial ex perienco has been uniform, that nominated local patrons and boards are utterly worthless and vicious ns regards any control over the school-teachers. The latter can do just as they please; and the result has been, that for many long years (not recently only) most unfit and inmproper persons have been kept and employed by the parents of children, in country towns and districts, in spite of my warnings and appeals on such momentous matters. The bulk of the country residents are too poor and too remote from each other to value school instruction, or to influence each other, as our follow-citizens do: these last know the social and financial valuo of a little learning (dangerous though it be in the hands of the ungodly and profmno) ; so that if forty scholars-or more than twenty scholars-be rotained as the average, and two and a half miles-either four times or only twice daily-to be tramped by the scholars, in a little while the great body of rustie people will be, intellectually and morally, very little removed from the heathen. Sir, yours faithfully, DANIEL P. MI. HULBERT, M.A., Member of the Cambridge Senate. 