CITY" MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. The muai fortnightly meeting? of tte city mnnioiptl oaoacil WA» hold yesterday, in the Town Hall, Wynyard square. Présent-The itlitht Worshipful tho Mayor, (In the ohair) Aldermen Oatley, Hurley, Mooro Butler, Bown, Oarahér, Small, Steel, Woods, Raphael, Slither. land,'Maointoib, Kippax, Murphy, and Speer. " MINUTES. The minutes of the previous meeting were read aid confirmed. .. . ,. . RETORTS. Tho Town Clerk laid on the table the f.llowinj reports i- . , From the finance oommit'.ee, recommending the pay- ment of tho following accounts i-City, works, £1948 Os. fid; ; water purposes, £677 Os. Sd. ; sewer- age account, £225 ls. 8d. ; tot«), ¿'2840 2*. 3d. From the same committee, respecting lease of portion of Lime-street Wharf. . ? ' . . From the lighting oimmittee recommending tho erection of, a lamp in George utroet; from tho sewer- age oommitteo recommending construotionof a sewer in William-street to Smedley's-lane ¡ construction of a sewer in Brown.Bear lane ; another in Oowling-street; and one in Cumberland-street, from Essex-street to Church-hill. :. '. PETITIONS. , - . Alderman STEEL presented a petition from the in- habitants respecting sand which had blown down in Marshall and Wilton streets. ?<. ' Referred to the improvement committee. Alderman RUTLKH presented a petition from the in- habitant's of Lang's-lano,' requesting the sewer to bs completed. . . .. , r . Petition received. \| v ..Alderman MDRTIIT presented .a petition from the Inhabitants of Sussex-street and Bathurst-street, pray- ing for a drain pipe to be laid down. CORniSPONDBNOE. ' The Town Clerk read tbc following letter : " Cilice of Inspector of Nuisances, ... Sydney. 19th Marob, 1866. "To the Bight Worshipful the Maj or and'Aldermen. -'. Gentlemen,-I have tho honour to present the following statement with a view to explain that many charges of neglect of duty on the part of myself with respect to the slaughtering of animals within this city, having been made at various times both hy letter in the Subi io prints snd by private reports to bis Worship the [ayor, and to many of the aldermen, it becomes my duty, Injustice to mysef, to set this council and the publio right on a matter of. so mnoh Importance to the health and well-being of the city.. It. is a fact well known to myself and tho publio generally that animals are slaughtered on every side within this city with a degroe of boldness that oan only bo sccounted far on the groonas of the'difficulty cf procuring in'evidence «uah proof of'killing* «s «hall ensuro a conviction. Prom various deoislous heretoio.e glvet in those esses, it has been eitablisbed that it ia absolutely neeesssry lo detect the party in the very act of wounding Ibo animal, in order to make out a complote case sf slaughtering ; and notwithstanding all the difficulties attending the detection of those breaches of the law, the duty bas been undertaken with a willingness that grndges no ssciiflco of comfort or of time, and often at boura of the night that might justly bs called un- seasonable. If thia acknowledged ovil could bat be sup prosed, on o .e moment's reflection, it.will bo seen that with tbs many and onoroua duties 1 bare to perform, lt would bj' impossible withont a great ncgleot of my proper duties to devote the requisite time to tho detec- tion aid sappreeslng of the practice Justly com- plained of " It is a conclution arrived at aftor much experience' In mattera affecting tte sanitary conditions of this oity, that the only effootual method of at once terminating this practice of killing will bo by Legislative action, making it penal (as lu the case of swine) to have on the premises, animals intended for slaughter. And another feature of the business dessrvisg of notice is, that by it the general rovenae of the cole ny is deprived of a sum that annually must represent a very largo amount, I hove, ftc,; " (Signed), HIOHAED SEYMOUR. . " Intpeoior of Nnl»inc«." QDHBTIONS. i Aldorman IIDBLBT wished to know if tho supply ot water to tbe olty waa discontinued on Saturday last, lt' ao, by whoae orders j and olio was the uinal noUoo of »ooh lateution given to the publlo ? The M Ai on replied: No notice waa given j and oîuld not be given, aa tbe stoppage occurred through a leak in the 30-inch main near Botn-ty. Some complaint was made by Alderman OATLEY of Alderman Raphael oausing the water to be laid ou before the leak was properly repaire! ; bat Alderman Raphael Justified the course ho took. Alderman liown aikeu : Han the City Engineer surveyed the Lsohlan bwnmp for retaining water, and drawn op a plan of such enrrey ? If so, what day will your Wurahip appoint for yourself and the aldermen to inspect the samo boforo any money ia voted. The MATOO, i Tho City Engineer will be'provided with plana by Wednesday week, and notice, in about ten days, will bo give« to tbs aldermen. »AULIKOIIUOBT OAOL. Alderman SUTIIKBT.ANU wished to sile-1. Was any letter receivod ou behalf of this council, in Jone, 1803, from any ofiioe of thc Government with reference lo the drainage ol Darlinghurst gaol) if so, elvo'date and purport of letter, ll. If answered, give dato and pur. port of snawor. 3. Was thoro a farther oomtnuuloation on Hame subject In October, 18C5 ? If io, giro dato and porportof aauio. 4. If answered, give dáta and purport of answer. 3. Was lhere a further communication on santo subject In November, I860 ? if io, gi»e date and purport if same. G If answered, give 'date and pur- port of Answer. 7. Was thoro a further communication on same subject lu Dooouibir, 1805? if so, give dat» aud purport of sam«. 8. If answered, give ante and purport of ana wer. ' " . 'Abe MAYO» replied,'to NOB. 1 and SI A letter waa received from Colonial Arohlttot to City Engineer, Wlb Jone, 1885. 'Slr. Dell hud some interview! with the Colonial Arohltoot, and ou the Kth September, referred the tnalttr to the sewerage committee. On I S7tb Be|rUn>b»rf th» Colonial Arcnlteotwai Informad .of the decMon of - the' comraltteiv 3, from 'Onto Architect to town derk, nth October, ! 1885, alkina ? plea of drainage, 4, Not replied to, plan having been adooted. S, Colonial Architect to t derk, J Otb November, referring tor.previous Iel asking for pion. 0, Not , repllod to . 7. Departn of Pabilo Works to town clerk. Sith. December, particulars of works. "' ' '- NOTICES or Horloff.' Alderman OATLUT moved,' and 'Alderman BUT seconded-That the report of the finanoo commit reoeived this da;, reoemmending the pavmonl «a cd rr aooounts, bo adopted ? . ' Canied. FfxiUKr nrtLj. ,..) i Alderman CATUIIKB moved, and Alderman S« seconded-That so nuoh of the resolution of Cont ortho 9th ina'ant, as refers to the metal being bro .t Pennant Hills be reao'nled. f A sharp and long discussion ensued, lo whioh net every Alderman took part, when Alderman ' WOODS moved ah amendment--That original resolution having been passed at a quart« meeting'ought to be postponed for further oooslderati -until this day month. ., Alderman MACINTOSH seconded the amendment. \- A walmer d soastioa ensued oh tbe amendment. The amendment was aarried br 8 to'7. '' Alderman OAitAitk-a's motion was therefore lost WATEtlMAIN, CLOSK-ITIIEET, OLKBE. Alderman CAnsimR moved, and Alderman Su. seconded-That the report of the water committee, calved on the S th instant, reoommPNdia'g on pefitii that a 3-lnoh watermain bo laid in Close-street, Gie at a cost not excoedlng thirty pounds, bo adopt Carried.. CLTDJÎ-STREBT. Alderman CMAIL moved, and Alderman OAnin seconded-That . the report of the improvement co mittee, rooelvod on the 5th instant, recommending tl Clyde- street be pltah-pared, at a cost not exceed!] sixty-eight pounds, be adopted. Carried, lUrROVKMENTS, LOWBB OSOROK-STBEET. Alderman MOOSE moved, and Alderman .RATHA seconded-That the report of tho improvement coi mittee, received on the 5th instant, recommending th kerning and. gntteriag bo laid on the eau side George street, between Argyle-Btreet ' and the Coi mistariat Stores, at a cost not exceeding seventy.fi* pounds, be adopted. Carried. sosonr isirrtovKKHKTs. Alderman RAPIIABL moved, and Alderman MOOR ' seooaded the fo.lowiag résolutions : -That the plan ac section submitted by the improvement committee, ahoi ing the'permanent level of Elizabeth-lane, betwee Bent, Bridge, and Elizabeth streets, be and tho same hereby adopted. That the report of the improvement committee, r eeived on the 5th instant, recommending > than Phill!] street, from Rent-street, north wards,-be ' mctallod at cost not exceeding three hundred and seventy pound be adopted.' ' That the report of the improvement oimmlttee, ri oeived on the 5th instant, recommending that Alfrei street, between New Pitt-street and the Circular Qua' be metalled, at a cost not exceeding one hundred an thirty pounds, ba adopted. That the report of tho Improvement committees ri catted on the Sth instant, recommending that kerhtn and guttering bs laid in Hutcbinson-strcst, betwec George and New Pitt streets, at a cost not oxceedio, one hundred pounds, be adop ted. That the report of the improvement committee, ri ceived on the 5th instant, recommending that kerbin and guttoring be laid in Castleroagh-atreet, betwea Bridge and Bent streets, at a oost not exoeedlng ninet pounds, be adopted. That the report of the improvement committee, n eeived on the 5th instant, reaommeadiaa; that kerbin a guttering and a crossing be laid in Macquarie- streei between Bridge-street anti Sir Daniel Cooper's house, s a coat not exceeding thirty pounds, be adopted. They were all carried. IlNOSTRSET NORTH. Alderman HUBLET moved, and Atderman SrEK seconded,-That the report of the improvement oorr mittee, received on the Sth instant, recommending tha the kerbing and guttering on the north side of King street, between George and York streets bs repaired at a coat not exceeding thirty-five pounds, be adopted <Jarriei.' DKMKINO FOUNTAINS. Alderman Bows moved, and Alderman MACINTOSI seconded-That the report of the Water Committee received on the 6th instant, recommending that i drinkiug fountain be placed at the south-east corner o George and Market streets, at a cost Hot exceeding twenty-six pounds, bo adopted. Carried. BHOOOllTOX-rLACE. Alderman "KIPPAX moved, and Alderman BTXBI seconded-That tho report of the improvement oom mittee, reoeived on the 6th instant, recommending tha Broughton-place, between Crown and Biiey street) North, be metalled, at a cost ' not exceeding fifty-foui pounds, be adopted. Carried. SUNDRT. I1IPB0T WENTS. Alderman BUTLER moved, and Alderman STBEI seconded, the following resolutions)-That thevreporl of the water committee, received on tfie 5th instant, re- commending that a 8-iuch watermain bo laid ia Alex .andra- street,-between Arthur and Collins Btreets. at a cost not oxoeeding thirty- eight pounds, bo adopted. That the report of tho improvement committee, re -oeived on the 5th instant, recommending that kerbing -and guttering be laid on the east side of Bjti'ko- street, between-Bay and Griffith streets, a gally laid, and tbe .roadway repiired, at a cost not exceeding fifty-foni pounds, be adopted, < That tbe report af the improvement committee, re- oeived on the 6th instant.recommending .that kerbing .and guttering be laid on the east sido of Darlinghurst Hoad, between William-street and St. John's Church, at a oost not exceeding ninety pounds, be adopted. That tho report of the improvement committee, re- ceived on the 5th instant, recommending that Maoleay street, from Orwell-street northwards (as far as kerbing .and guttering ia laid), be metallod, at a cost not exceed- ing one hundred and sixty pounds, be adopted. That the report of tho improvement committee, re- ceived on the 6th instant,'recommending that Burton street, between Bourke nod Palmer streets, be metaled, at a cost not exceeding eighty-nine pounds, be adopted. That the report of the improvement oommittes, re. . calved on . the Sth Instant, recommending that a por- tion of the north end of Bourke-atreot, be metalled, be \- tween that already done, and the gutter on the oas', aide, at a cost not oxaeoding thirty-five pounds, be adopted. That the report of the improvement oommittee, re- ceived on the 5th instant, recommending that a 16. Ineh pipe drain be laid at tho juno ion or Crown and Stanley streets, at a coat not exoeoding twenty-live pound«, be adopted. , They were nit carried, . Firs DRAW, nARSIS TO HOWMAK-STOBIT. Alderman MoRPnr moved and Alderman WOODS Btoonded-That th« report of the Improvement Com- mittee, reoeived on the 5th instant, recommending that a 16-iaob pipe draiu ho laid from Bowman-street to Harris-street, and along Harris-street to tho waters of Darling Harbour, at a cost not exceeding one hundred and two pounds, be adopted. Carried. WATER MAIN, SUSSEX AND nATnrjRST-BTRBKTg. Alderman WOODS mored, and Aldorman MURPHT .seconded-That the report of the Water Committee, .received on the Sth instant, recommending that a 4-lnoh water maia bo (aid in portions of'Sussex and Bathnrst-streota, at a cost not exceeding one hundred and altty-three pounds, and tho old maia taken up, be adopted. The Council rose shortly after 5 o cloak. CATHOLIC CATHEDRAL, BOOART Tow».-A Va ar happy to observe that tho worin at the new Catholli Cathedral have recommenced. Several tradoamon an ' bullly employed t and it ls to bo hoped that ere a veri lengthened period will H allowed to piss this besutifu struoturo will be in Buch a condition as to enable us t< point to it with pride, SB an addition to tho lovers other ipeclmons of architectural embellishment whict go to atom our city.-Tasmanian Morning Harald. A SHORT ROMANCE.-On tho Sth of October, died al Frankfort on-tbo-Odor, eightj- five years old, lu the Holy Ghost Hospita], Louise Borothoa Schulte, cl Demmio, in Pomergrain. The late Professor Aakerman, friend of Theodore Horner, and Jagcr in Lutzow'n Frltsohaar, made the following extraordinary com- munication en tho lifu of this extraordinary woman : - Louise Sobulse fled from her homo during tho welding proce<s)on to a distant otinroh, which wedding was lo hind her by the will of bor parents, to a Mecklenburg gentlemnn, Vohn Hahn, whom sho hated, and who was deformed. In her bridal Uro.s sho throw herself into a boat, was rowotl down the Pren», and Joined Schill'« corps, In which «bo servod till the taking of Stralsund, wbore she was rando prisoner by a Kronoh soldier, who, we expect, waa not dufurmo I, for she snarrioJ her captor, subsequently. Her husband fell in Spain ¡ her onlylsoh served in ihePrutsian>rmy.'mit died befWuher. She lived at Funkier ton a srajll'Prussian poulton. .Athentuom. 