7-'' lecture. a . a ... .. . literarx history OF the BTRTVE. On Wednesday evening Air G. C. Leech deli vered an interesting lecture in the Wesleyan Church, Castlemaine. Subject : Literary History of the Bible. The lecturer cbmniftnn«d by saying that in the earlier ages, of the world's history there was no written revelation- of the Divine will. The primaeval truth was handed down orally, and so long as men lived to the vast ages of the antidiluvian era, this was a shffi- cienntly safe vehicle ffir transmitting knowledge At last, as the years of man's life became Tes- sened-oy hereditary disease,4t was found nebes- sary to have a written record. The earliest method of writing was the hieroglyphical, which consisted gathered from the objective. : The ancient monuments of Egypt were covered with s uch records, But for a long time they were a sealed book to the antiquarian. At last, at Rosetta, near the mouth of the Nile, a key to the enigmas was found. Iu 1799 a French officer ot Engineers found a stone bearing three iuscrip- tions ; two of them were decipherable— being ancient Greek and old Coptic, and as they narrated the same event, they gave a key- to the linear hieroglyphics which formed a third in scription. One very interesting specimen was lound at Karnak, representing the triumph ot Shishak over Judah iu the reign o Reheboam, and strongly confirming tne historic narrative in Kings. At a later ! ?/u!rl(1: writing in letters was in vented. At first the materials used were stone, n em wood, and then blade bones of cattle bleached, then leather, papyrus, and parchment. Upon the latter, Moses, doubtless, wrote the Pentateuch GenesiTtuffithT ing been penned bv him T ook of JokP Midian. The later books were subsequently added, and Jtl msh Providence how God watched over ffi Wondrus His own word. In the reim If V h? SiH o seemed to have been but onT 0sialh the?! that was found in a recess by an4 humanly speaking, bv aiUa ' the Prietf return from the Babyloaish ? After tU scribe, again made known the 1' Ezra' nant of the people, who from th J there- returned to idolatry. There me neer ancient manuscripts of the old no erv was the habit of the scribes to t itament, as ifc manuscripts, but there; were old m7 the old the new. There were th celXT> the Yatican, the Alexandrian and It manuscripts. The lecturer read 1 V Sinai imitation of a portion of tlm f, act and from his. diagrams, and also translated part of the fourth chlrL rd bers from ancient Hebrew ThJ ? Num" tion into the tongue of the cnl! transla- the scriptures was the Yulgate £ SJ P?0plef which, however, soon became useleS . r0Qle' the literate. In England the first ?»„' ?Cept to the venerable Bede, who, in the m 0r Waa -Yarrow, concluded his njble worktT ot the 20th chapter of Johae XpJ next essayedthe task, and succeeded in/?6 of the opposition of the Church ?> Wychffe died in peace, but Tyndfe next: ... translator, less fortunafp ' martyred: The old cross of St. Paul's w. "i-as with the flames that consumed Tvndaivl'l!i11p a representation of which inthe diWraL 1 S' by the picture of Jehoiaa boraing th Jeremiah ; but a new power was now aH " the world, in the presence of which bible EE? ing was no use-in the printing nress tu providence of God, too, was raising LJaJ;6 man that either "Wycliff or Tvndal t .f1 .cloisters of Erfurth, one hundred yearsU the death of the former, a monk wasted h it with fasting and vigil ,u a vsm- hope finding peace in a soul which the power of t Holy Ghost had made conscious of sin Th 7 monk— Alartm Luther— found m 'i bonk t library of Erfurth, these words, 'Beffi! „? fied by faith we have peace with God throulh our Lord Jesus Chr.st."-that book was the bible ; the words in it gave peace to his soul and finding doubtless it its pages also the counsel not to hide our light under -a bushel, he be«n to disseminate the light which he had i0S Ihe solitary monk, notwithstanding the formid able opposition of Pope, and kings, "and scholar prevailed mightily. In Great Britain, TyndaL'- bible was succeeded by Cranmer's, thenbv Pa/ ker's, and lastly by our authorised version winch was now issued in millions by the Bihlfl' Society established in 1804. "This," said the lecturer in conclusion, " is the literary history of the bible, a book which emanating, from many pens, still clearly indicates a common Divine origin, just as many streams going to makeup one great river, flow from the same fountain Glorious old river of inspiration, which flowing through our world hath made glad the hearts of men. It hath turned into rich pastures what would otherwise be a barren wilderness. It takes its rise amidst the measured melody of-the opening page of Genesis, grand as the corona, tion anthem of the new world's king, and thence on through many a plain and winding valley. Abraham drank of its waters, and refreshed, he saw the day of Chrisc and was glad. The sweet strains of the royal Psalmist floated over its banks. It echoed with the grand measures of Isaiah, and the sorrowful wail of plaintive Jere miah. Its echoes rung with the voice of the Baptist pealing from the wilderness of Judea. Patriarch, prophet, priest aud kiug, apostle" and evangelist, poured forth their inspired strains be cause of the power and beauty of the ever-flow ing river — grand old river, rolling on and ever, till at last, by the pearly gates of the golden city it mingles with the waters of life, clear as crys tal, proceeding from out the throne of God and of. the Lamb." The proceedings closed with- the singing of the Doxology, after which the large audience , dis persed. 