MR M'INTYRE AT CALIFORNIA GULLY". Last night Mr Johu Al'lutyre met the electors of tlio ' niifurnia Gully portion of the district of Man durang. Tho meeting was held in the large concert room of tho Whito Horse Hotel, at eigftt o'clock, and when the proceedings comm -need there were about 300 persons present, liciure they terminated, there were about 4U0 iu the loom ; Bomo of whom irqre fiom Englehawk, and other pans of the district be sides that of (Ja ifornia Guliy. Mr William BUir was voted to ihe chair, and presided very impartially. The persons present, however, did not require any great persuasion to allow the candidate a iuir hearing, and during his address, which lasted nearly two hours, ho was only occasionally interrupted by a. fftw interjected remarks from one or two persons io the meeting. ■ . . " 1 he Chairman introduced the business by reading the i.drertiseinent, and although &6knowledging:bim> self "a 'lntyro," said ho wan determined to"-zofc impartially, and endeavor to obtain a fair hearing for both sides alike, an I hoped that the raooticgwould assist him to oarry that determination out r AHntyre, who on oorning forward was very well received by his supporters, addressed the m et mg in a very excellent speech lie woi.t <mr-the principal subjects he had dealt with at his first meeU iug at Kaywood, and at other places—already fully reported, lie g.ivo his opiuioi»'-of the oonduot of the Ministry in being the meiins'-o'f introducing* plurality of votes in tho njnv filtjqtprjsJ Bill, M applied to Shiro Counoils, liaadBasirds, &c;,end aoBm teudod that if they bad boon as' favorable to tha retention of manhoot} sufirago at thoy pr?toiid«4 they would novcr have Buffered that bill to bboome law. He gavo his views on tho tariff, protection, free-trade, and the reform of the Upper I'ouse. Ho showed how protection would injure the miners more th.-in miy other class in tho oniony Arguing) ns ho stated, the question from the miners' point of view, lie sail) that the advocates of the mining interest contended thftt by a large number ot artizans at present engaged in mining leaving that, ami going bark to their old trades und> r protection, tiiey would I) ■ benefited. He disputed the fact. ^en «h> had been mining for ten or a dozen years would be nnftble to resume their old r,i ihiv so diff r"nt t%ith all tin- Irnprov'111 nts of machinery, uml the result would betliar. they would hi' (■lad to return to . mining for lens wagi s tliui iliey were at present getting tfe ref rred to many of th» j>.ist acts ol the Ministry, for which th^y claimed credit, and irWoh he d'sputed—tin' l-ari Bill, tile Waterworks . Hill, and the new Viiii'ii; Maiute He concluded ^ Very ably delivered ad ivs.- I.y -tali! g t'.nt incoming forward at this eleetlm he v.-;<a fi_l.ti;i£ Ihe battli linffle haiid-'d 'or th a ti'n i iift.,ee .d lU iae jjriii. iple:; Of liheraliSiti fyliluh hfe h d never deS"rted. no matter tidwHis lale dolleSgum mi that tiause now deserted both him nnd liberal p: luciple.s if lie had only had the wiilH tti lie i-eturh -d to PaHiaiiient, irresp ctive Sf flglitltig fop d jJPeat princitde, lie a-serted t at he ila odly to emtir-ice protectionist p inciples to be returned. B :t ho h>d taken opposition to the pre tent Ministry when thoy adopted illegal nnd uncon ititutional measures to pass th". tariff, a tariff which, although he disagreed with, he did not oppose until the Ministry wished to revolutionise Const! utional Government by trying to coerce the Upper House into passing it. He felt from the com mencement of his canvass that he had an up hill battle to fight; but he was glad to sy that since Aon he had gained over to his side many of those frho had started by opposing him. (Cheers, dissent, anda voice: " You're going down hill now.") The receptions which he bad fiiet vVlth at all of his meet ings since the first one ho held satisfied him that the people were beginning to think for themselves—that they were not all noting like a parcel of sheep, and because one went through the gap the rest were to follow. They wero returning to reason, and to see the question in its true light. He believed thoy were saying to themselves, "Well, notwithstanding all the good things the Ministry haVe dohe for us, and the good tiiiiigs they promise, we think that it is de ' titrable that some opposition should exist in the House to give them a check—no matter how good 1 they are, we must give M'Intyre a lift after all.'' (Applause and laughter.) He felt ns certain as he stood there that evening that the result would be all that his most sanguine anticipations led him to he lieve. (Applause, dissent, and a voice: " At the head of the poll.") He believed that many of (hem would pause before erasing his name from the ballot paper. (A voice: "Yes, those who can't read.") That they would Oay they were hot to vote for two men because dtto Was a Mihistbf itt posse, and the other a liiitii&ter; iti *ss4. He believed that that night week WoUld set everything at rest, and that the ballot-box Would elect John M.'Intyre an M.u.A. (Applause, dissent, and a'voice: "You'll sleep with your boots on that night," ond laughter.) •For some time no one in the meeting was disposed to ask any questions, but at last the ice was broken -and a number of queries were put—the majority by Mr Avery, of Eaglehawk, who apparently iv.is a strong opponent of the candidate, as his queries ap peared to be put with the view of "catching the candidate tripping," as it is termed In answer to questions, the candidate expressed the following views If he was returned it would not be the means of disfranchising the district of Maudurang. Every portion of it should receive his strictest attention If, however, the questioner meant whether he (Mr M'ln yre) would, if returned, nullify the vote of the district by voting against the :otber member, he would at once state that on the questions of the tariff and the unconstitutional pro ceedings of the Ministry he would vote against the other member. He would support the Ministry in every other liberal meas>ire they mijht introduce. (Applause.) Although he was <ir;h a free-trader he did not stand for the Sandhurst lioroughs, because he was firmly impressed with the be ief that the con stituency of Mandurang—being a nvmiig and agri cultural community—did not believe in protection (Applause an i g eat dissent.) There was a large por tion of artisans who did believe in protection, and ho therefore preferred to come before a constituency of miners and farmers. (.1 pplause and disispij- obation ) Notwithstanding that h« was satisfied in his owu mind that iie would have met with 1 Inrgo amount ®f support in " andhu Rt, at .the earn ? time as there was a great principle at stake, and tlit.' issues now before the constituencies could not be so w.-ll tested in Sandhurst a- in Mandunmg 1 'ppliuse ami distent, and a voice : " Oh. you can put up for the Boroughs afterwards ") e denied that he had I'vnr been asked by any Melboum • men to stanl for Mandurang. He had been requested by a larj-e number o( electors of Mandurang and it what lie had been ta d was trua lie (Mr Aver -, the qu-s tioney) was most anxious that there should be 8 mo opposition in the election, and he ch.illenged him to deny it. (Applause, laughter, and •' That's o e for Jfou, Avery.") When the tariff was introduced into the House, although he t'elc with others that it was nut right, he did not take any active part in opposing the Government; but when tuey tucked the tariff to the Appropriation Bill, he felt that their unconsti tutional proceedings comp lied him to oppose both them and the tariff He was totally opposed to the gold export duty; he had omitted to state so in h s tddresi, but ho now (in answer to Mr Avery) dis tinctly asserted that he was opposed to it \Vhat ever he said was from conviction, and he wou'd ad here to it. He was not like the members of the Ministry, going from place to place and asserting different principles. (Applause and dissent ) Hs had never been asked by tho Free trade League in I Melbourne to stand, anil he had not had any com munication, either directly or indirectly, with that body. He had como forward at the sp 'cial request of a large portion of the electors ot' Mandurang. (A voice: " You will go in too-," and another voice: " And be poid for it too.") Well, he would not re fuse L300 a-year and his grub. (Laughter.) With regard to the opinion ho had expressed as to tho plurality of votes, when tho subject was before the Borough Council, ho said that so long as the system was confined to Shire Councils, Road Boards, &c;, he was not ao much opposed to it. If, however, he was re turned, and tho measure could be again b ought be fore the Assembly, he would vote against the coa tinuanoe of the system. He did not think the Go vernor's salary was too large, but he would reduce the salaries of some of the members of the Kxecutive, beginning with the Chief Seoretary. There was not the shadow of a ghost of truth iu the statement that . he was to receive L700 from tho Free-trade League in Melbourne to pay hiooleotion expense—he only wished there was. (Laughter ) As it was asserted, the' aauattors formed a portion of the Leaeue. he I believed that ho, John M'lutyre, was about, the last man they would support. But it' such a thing was the case, and he did reoeive L70.) froin the Free trade League, it would not alter his principles 0110 iota, if the gentleman (Mr A very J could tell him how to KO about getting tho L700 ho referred to, ho would be very glad to try and Ret it. He might state tliut a large number ot' tho Free-traders on Uondigo had oome to kira and said they would put down L2 or 1-5 to we him through the election, and it waa to him the questioner (Mr Collmann) one of tho members of the Free-trade League, that he hud mentioned that faot, in a privato conversation. (Applause.) Ho be lieved that three-fourths of the electors of .Mandu rang would support him all tho moro heartily oil that Account. (A pplauso and dissent,} Mo other questions of any importance boing put to the candidate, Mr Charles Quin, miner, proposed, unci Mr Joseph Dorritt seoonded, a resolution expressive of cun fldanoe in Mr M.'Intyre as a representative of Man durang. Tho sooonder roinarked that it' the miners wished to preaarve hitfll wages and a cheap loaf tlioy would vote for free trado. Mr Collmunu, minor, rose to proposn :iu amend ment to the contrary, and on beinjj met by the o y that His u>uno was not Oil the roll, some of tlm other flide oried out that ^'r Q,uin, thu proposer of tlio motion, had not his num.- on c i> roll. Mr Qjin admitting that, tlm Chairman rule.I that Air Coll imnn bhould bo allowed to inovo tho amendment.. Mr Collmann continued: U- proposed t..o amend ment with oonaidoraMe reluetuiR'e, a-t ho li.i.i "11 BUIJf praviou- ooortsio. s i»i»«« liu supp >rt to Mr ' M'lntyro iu ull his libor.i 1 measures U ooul 1 nut ; bo denied, owevur, thai Air M'lntyro had not into bad company lately, ant wai gutting into worse. (Applaune and laughter ) He ( Ur Coil nauu> \va. a free-trader, and h murobur of tuu tfiee traiie 00 B*ndigo, but be domed that it was any question 6( frta trade or proteouon tvuiu i wan now beioru tlio Country, it was ouo on which both free-traders and prolouu»u'B>a eoul l ajroe it wa. st-apiy Li■ qu.".tioii whether tha low were to run: the many, wln't u r the uppor o.-uat of tno ooluity, r,»e s->-e.i 1 led ariatouraoy wuro to ruin tlio in'.at entirely, and to hare the control of tho purse sitings of theo-dony- (Applause and contusion) lie ad mitted- that the present Government was not altogether faultless j but taktiu into consideration the many benefits thoy bad conferred on tbo peoplo ff the colony thoy would not be juatitisd iu dosorting them (Applause) If the Ministry wore turned out, could they expect as mucli good if the Govern ment was handed over to suuh "»en as Vr Wood or Mr Irelami ? 'I he elector.-* must take that, into their aeiious consideration, an i not be gulled by »ny tatse iasuca that were placed before th in. ( - pplause, and " three elieeis for Colmann,1' which were loudly given mixed wtth some dij*« ut.) Mr Moore, ot Long Gully, rose to second the amendment, wi.icli tie also said he did with cons der abln rcluctttr.ce He had worked side by side with Mr '•1'fntyre, mid there h id only occurred one hitch between them o denied Mr Al'lntyre's :isserti"li tlwt any ot' the member* of the old Liberal Assoriu lion were now supporting him. Mr .Monro singling ■in by mum: s ;me of the supportui s of Mr M'lutu e in the meeting, the. Chairman etillcd him to order, uui a aiiMie • of some coufusion' arose. .Mr Moore, in c minualion, asserted that it tvus by Mr M'lutyre's casting vote in I lie Horou;;h Councii that 'Air Gusey ti.eu a member of Hie Council) was delegated I support at.the (JonlUiiir.e of .Municipal dciigu-tes in .Melbourne; tlie proposition to introducethe system nf plurality of v tes ill ibe new .Electoral Hill. r .M'li.tyre r«s« io explain with re.iavd to some statements made by lhe mover ; lid seconder of the amendment, but a une of his opponents o jecting to him sp aktng again, anil llie meeting becoming tut patient lie sat down without fuiiy <loing so. 'J'lie Chairm n, before putting the proposition to the meeiing, asked f ir senitmeers, but the majority deeming that course unnecessary. he simply ask-o f r a show of both hands "against " and then " for ' Mr Al'lntyre 1 he result being such bathe said he could not d cide, ho asked the meeting to divide on either side of ttie room—those f r tlio candidate going to the left of the chairman, thoso against Iiim to the right. After an immense deal of confusion, scrambling, and shouting, and in some cases too en thusiastio partisans pulling unwilling rotero to one side or the other, the ch -irman, judging the numbers, declared the original moti'u carried by a majority, f As well as ono could estimate the result, f om the unsettled state of tne crowd on either side, there appeared to be about 17'J against the motion, and about 230 for it ] The meeting broke up with cheers, on one eide, for the candidate, cheers for the Ministry, and cheers for the Governor. 