FAOETI2E. SAWS BY OUR OWN SAWYER. Nqotlhinog perfect. Some crook is found in every staff; And every grain must have its chaff; Without their woods no garden plots; T'ho sun itself has ugly spots. Every bean must have its black; Every good doth somnething lacl? Every skin some freckle shows; t . Some faulty petal, every rose. No horse that never stumblics livei; No fire so bright tlhat ino smoke gives No hlart writhout its fLeble notes; No beamn of light without its motes. The world itself is niot quite round; A ghost in every house is found; No tree wvithout its withered leaf; No joy without its shade of grief. No clock that never erred a minute: No bookl without som0e error in it. Great IHomecr's self did sometimesnod All bhear the sin-stamp--" IciAnoD." The following was piclked up in the ot a few days since, accompanying a l bunch of glossy brown hair, which loe as if.it had been pulled out with a fine t comb: Oclh, Biddy, me darlint, NHere's a lock o' me Ihair, An' if theroe's a snarl in it, , Deil a bit do I care. Op. oy h'ow l . i 'm goin' off Biddy, To work oli the tralck i Yo can take it'and kapo'it Until I get back, If ye like. An amusing instance of ibermian s plicity is aflloidcd by tihe following Ii story:-Molly a housemaid, is amodel who handles the broom-stick like a scei and wsho has abhorrence of dirt iued s pathy for soapsuds that amount to a pass Slisisa bu'om,,bustling, busy, rose-clol' bright-eyed, blundcring Hibernian, hosovrs about our bookshelves, muakes upon our papers, and goes about tbirs for new worlds to conscucr, in the shat ujidusted and unrighted corners. One h ·tred our library in a confused unik~t~ manner, quite diflereut from bimstling wiy. She stood at the doors a letter betwecn her tlhumii iid ii stichl shel hold at arm's leigth, as if had a bomb-shell in ice grasp. In act t'o our inquiries as to hlr.business, answered, "An' it plese yer honor, Pa O'Reilly, and the bettlier thsn him dot breathe in ould Ireland, has becn sr of me a leethier-a love leether, pluse honor; an 'an- " We guessed at cinbariassment, and offered to relies by reading thme letter. Still she hositt while she twisted a bit of raw cotton in finger "bShure," she resumed, "ani' tI just that I want; but it isn't a gentle like yerself that would be knossuig secrets between us, eaid so," here twisted thme cotton quite smervously, it'll only phase yer honor, while yer ri ing it, so that ye may not heur it yerse ye'll just put this bit us cottoii in yer an' stop up yers eiriin', and thin the see will be unlnown to ye." "'Pcop]o about; to marry," who wisl know the proper age, are referred to following precedoents:-:Adanm and Eve,I Shakspearo, 18; :Ben Johnson, 21; Frauit lin; 24; Mozart, 25; )anto, Kepler, I'ul Johnson, Burke, Scott, 26; Tycho, Bral Byron, Washington, Bonaparte, 27; 1ei and Sterne, 28; iimun s naut Nelson, Burns, 30; dhnueor.pionrthl, and Peil, Wiordsworthl andBthrvy, 33; Arislotle Sir William Jones and Wellington, Wilberforce, 38; Luther, d2; Addi 44; Wesley and Young, 47; Swift, Bufflon, 55; Old Parr, lust time, 120. Adam and TEo married before they [ a year old, and the veteran Parr bu with a widow at 120, tschelors and spmi may w.d at anUy age they lilke, and shelter under great names for either e 'or late marriages. * A. PnlssicL TsrEoY.-A member - thle Tonie Sol-Fa Choral Society requi strengthoning medicine would natur talie Sing.chonn. SWhat is it thalt goes when a wagon itops When a wagon stops, is of nto us .thle wagon, ansd ,ot the wagon canno without it P--The noise. Brasidas,thefamosLacedemonian gen caught a mouse; it bit him, and by means mado its eseapeo. "0O, Jupit said he, "what; creature so conteoptp but; may have its libeity, if it will con forit !" aere is a sermon said to hare I preached, of course, in America:-" iangress in life is naked and bare; our gress through life is trouble and care; egress out of it we know not where; doing well here, we shall do well there couldnot tell more by praclhing a year. Jenkins thus describes the lhangi gs New York belle:-"' She wore an exqi hyphalutin on her head, while her was composed of transparent fol-de-rol, Ier petticoat of cramhambuli flounccd Jrussels three- ply of A No. 1 SMAurnT.-A minister, putting his l upon a young urchin's shoulder, exclair "My son, I believe the devil has got of you." "I believe so too," was th ply. " AA woman offering to sign a deed, judge asked her whether lier hnsband i 'pelled her to sign;?-" He compel me !" ' the lady; "no, nor twenty like him." If yyou would enjoy your meals, be g natured. An angry man cainnot tell 'hoi hlie is eating boiled cabbage or stewed breilas. Hirtleoy Coleridge once being a: which of Wordsworth's productions considered the prettiest, very pren: replied: " -is daughlter Dora." A man recently tried soft soap to sm the hlrshness of his' wife's tongue. It off a little of the roughness, but ns run hstecr. The youthl who cut open the bellos see where thle vwi'id caune from is now iug his hand at ftlttening greyhlounds. A contemporary contaills tue folio advertisement :--"A piano for sale by : about to cross the Channcl i:n an oak ( with carved legs." The other day, says an Aimerican p a Dutclhman in Cinciunnati was se thrashed by his wilc, and, whlile sOi under the afflliction, hle complained t I miyor, nsd had iis better half arrestc tihe outrage, whercupon she was i three dollurs and tihe costs; but.she having the money, her Ihusbanld was c uapon to fork over. Upon whlichl he op his eyes iu greiat surprise, exclai " Vot fobr I lpay P Se vip mUe." statute was explhined to hlim, alnd he but ninouncedl tlit lhereafter hIis swife thr:lsh him as Imuch as she pileaseIiid, b would never againiu takle steps to upholil " majesty of the liaw." MIrs. "Partingtou says the only w, prevent steanmboat explosions is to enginecrs bile tie water on shore. Ii opinion, all the bustin' is done by co the steam on board. pnd u,IitIlcd by~ thln nt th~lcert October 1Ltb, ittO. 