THlE OPENING 0F PARLIA11MEN,'T. (From teo Eerald, 13th inst ) The first session of the fifth Parliament of Victoria was, yesterday, formnlly inaugu rated, with nall tle usual pomp and ceremony, and a little more thni the nccustorned liveli. nesa of such fIirnal ocensions. In the Legis Intive Assembly, the first to arrive was Mr. 13indon, whose resplendent kids were in marked contrast to the lengthened gaze of melancholy recognition which he cast around the HIouce, of the improvements upon which the lenrned member for Castletmaine, lihk hMrs. Cratchit with her Christmn s pudding, has evildently grave doubts. 'The second dis tinguished visitor was Dr. It''ubling, who complacently took a dent. in the Opposition corner, right opposi:t the Speaker's chair, not that the meoumber for Collingwood might be said to belong to the Opposition, hut that lie was as distant fromn the Ministerial ienches as he decently could. On entering the Council-chamber, the Government reportets wvere grandly visible in their recently-erectedl box of state, fronting the seats, of their humbler brethren of the daily press. At this stage of the parliamentary iertormancee there was but little excite.mnt shown; but few persons, and only two ladies, were pre sant in the galleries, anid for aught anbhody could say, it might have been the prelimninary mustering for a funeral or n marriage, so hushed and painfully reslpectablel were the subdued murmurs and gentle whiipers ot wiho wans to oppose Sir Francis Murpihy or supplant Lalor. The hlion. Mr. Turnbull and the hon. A[r. Fraser were noaw iimasters of the position, but were shortily joined by the hon. Ar. Murphy, who proceeded to evpound an ominous paper which hn hell in his IIhand to the heon. Mr. Fraser. Pres.ntly thei clerk of the Council appearend, and then were ushered in the Chief Justice andi Sir Rlh dmuond Barry; the Council present, who now included the lion. Messrs. Jetnner and Lowe, beinig euilu lous of the genullexious of the grntlenman in waiting, who was great in white gloves, sword of statO, and silver buckles. The pro clamation by Sir Charles Darling was then distinctly renad, and beforo the clerk hail finished, the lion. MIr. Pettett had taken his place. The other ancients now hegan to arrive, and it was soon evidelnt the bon. Mr. Miller hlnd assumed the Ministerial responsi. bilities formerly underteaken by Captain Cole. Tl' nanemlers of the As-embly now crowdeil in, 1'Culloclh, Grant, and Francis conspicuous in the oan. Among the curious groupings might be remarked in close ilx tapositiout thte tll Mu'Kean and Richardson the small in stature, something like three feet of interventing space betweenl their resplective heads. Still retaining his seant, Sir William Stawell announced that the, Governor, for sundry aid sufficient reasons, would not be present, that they (the Corutmissiono s) weret authorised to appear, and that the Clerk would read the proclamation, which he accordingly did, while their Hlonours, the Honourables, andt the iuembers of the Comn mons louseo in the back-ground, all respect fully stood up. "Witness our trusty and .veil-belovedl," etc., being finished, it was 'onounced that his Excellency would declare the reasons for calling Parliamtent together, next day, at 2 o'clock. In the Assembly there appeared a tolerable muster on both -ides of the House, although, of course, the :mineisterialists were largely in the ascen dant. The front Opposition bench was tenanted by lmur ex-Ministers, and the Ministerial back bench by tour new men. There was considerably ,noro animation here, the galleries !)eing well filled. and a general well to-do air of "doing. remarkably well" was every where conspicuous. Sir Rledmond Barry having bowed his acknowledni.nts, the. Clerk of the Assembly said a profound dillo to the clerical Burke of the Council and the tldious process of swearing-in now collln inced in earnllet- althoughl earnestnless could not by any means he predicate I of the gelitleenfl sworn. Black coats wero a now seen to le mostt aTffcted by hon. umembers, white trousers glistened at rare i:ter.-al. and gorgeous waistcoats weren decid"qy at a dliscount, while Mr. Biindon's gloere ?tere quite unique. The first Latch of four nowt advanced to the tt.;t1, took the oath (this time unlike 0".phteus Kerr's, 'aithout n luimp of sagau' in it) and signed the Imuster roll. Jrow curiously memnbers sign ! Somic hendtlig lowly to the table,, others standing almost erect, a few hurriedly, most deliberately, its if lmaking out a cheque for a large aimolnt, and one or two looking ftr ahenad right into next week or the sixth Victorian l'Ptrli intoet. ,Tnat before the member for Ararat and the Avoca had kissed t?e bhook, Irelhnd canme upon the stage as pl ckily as ever, quite nt horle upon these legislative otutrds, and as self-po?esseld anil jolly as in days of yore. Biallanrat Eust land \Vest thenl advanced to the swearing post, and were duly followed by the rmember for Belfa1 t ialld zi'Caow and Anotlhelr (the associated membet'rs of East lBourke). 'Twerp long to tell anti something sad to trace the career of the various batches, but suflhie it to state, the swearing-in was accomplished by five minutes to ono of the Parlimentare clock without any accident of consequence, notwithstanding the remarkable anlse:e of the wary Attorne) -General, uand of \lessrs. Orr, .ootittli Piarson whow- requite I abroad. It ,as, refreslhing to witness Mr. J.1 '1T. Smith cordially slhaking hands with his a confreres at the table, although thll gui?laws from the other side were rather puzzling if not namollllViu. In fact, the ollppoiion were I remarkably juhiluant. tlkative, and confident aill saermletl quite lunconscious of Ieint in a umuinoity'. Embliing lher put on his hat, as in prelparations for tie storm evidently brew ing anld aliut to burst upon Sir Flra'tis ai M3urph'. It was euident that members on the Mliaisterial side were, at this stage, ill at 2 ease, nill not sufficient ly at home to freely p resort to the iced watetr on the table; but the I royal way in which the lion of the Assembly extended his paw to the diminutive of East t Ge,.long was, at least, reassuring. Long eights and short sixes were again exemplified. in tihe canse of M'Kean and Bowman, the fortmer of whom seemsd to fraternise for the 1 day with physical pig ices. B. C. Aspinall r beamingly chose a bran new quill to record t his turlning over a bran new leal' in a naew Parliament. tMacgregor and Francis cordially embraced, and I1unny led up Snowball, whose c attiro was pe'rfectly black, not an atom of ft shirt collar being visible from them gallery. b The Commissioner havicng duly retired, Cuap t lain MacMuhon iprotosed an adjournment of Xi the house, to which Mr. M'Culloch demorred W as i quite unusual course. AMr. Bindton here i rose and in a "neat anld appropriate" ox trueely modest speech proposed tnl.t the Iron. rnemiber for North Gruville "do take thle chair." The immaculate digger from the o Ovens (witness the Al ttrrey-General's ustal r speech at Brighton) seconded the motion in v sepulchral tones. It is fortunate there will still be tian examplar left tit the shelp of' a S model ghost to the latmlet of BIrooke when lie P' comes out. " Most fit and prolper." "r'e rolution," and revolutionary,' Wre could catch with Cgreat strit iinig at intervals. Clearly Sir Francis- was the political ononparcil A and the hlouse must w'illy-lilly ttve been. p MAr. M'lain, however, as an independent of mdember, iproposed Mr. Sandgrass, deeming t Sir F. a partican and so cin, all. utnitst the at cheers of thn Olpposition. Mr. laclteMahon v briefly seconded the lnomination of' the simo- it ber for Sotuth Giplps Lantd. Sir Fraucis here F got upon his legs nau dtliihled his actiont 1 before the country, maintaining he had al- hi ways been put in by party, lie waxed indignant and rejoiced he had an opportunity of dcfendmg himself. lie did not profess to know the statutory law, but to 1t iadminister that of' the Parliament. AIr. Snodgrass blamed the late speaker for the hi dealcdlock wthichl had occurred, and regretted ar the recall of Sir Charles Darling, who was ' i the real sufferer. Sullivan ostcntatiously sl: replied, and the gallant member for VWest ., Melthourne returned to the charge, and aptly t compared Sir Francis to the prodigial returtn ing to his father, the Chief Secr'etacy, and to l the former's icinr made at least a hired servanlt, or even clothd in the gorgeous robe of the Speaker. A dense mist ihere over spread the lHouse, the ladies retired from the ril gallery ; tad the improvement of the ventila- oc tion seemed, to say the least of it, doubtiul. I' Sir Francis here putt on his hat with as amuch insoucn ttee as possible, clearly divining he would catch it at the hands of members now that they had him minus his rod of authority. ilr. Frazer here gave it particularly stropg - to the late Speaker, and some hoen. member continued in the same strain. Indeed, he received a severe wigging, and it seemed at this stage as if all the memibers had macde iup their iinds to speak. Mr. Gillies lIgged in _ the vicar of Ilraty again, and administered a rebuke to i yocung member, 'who wiiheid to reply, but ultimately subsided, as gently as a sulcking dove. Mr. Levey wished to know the reason- Why (overnment supported Sir Francis, why numbers, not argumelts, should gain him his place, and drew forth an iad miscri cordiam appeal fromt the latter to the 1Iouse. Mr. APCulloclh dtfclendedl the Speaker, aid Messrs. Bunny and Ireland jutliciuisly replied. At length the cldebate was over, ntd the clerk declared the "Ayes " in the majority. A division being calledi for -52 were for Sir Francis, :and 18 against. Being led to the chair by his proposer and secontler, the Speaker bowed his acktnowledg ments, declaredt he woutlld forget all the un pIleasant reminiscenccs of the dIay, and treat them all in the future as good boys. MIr. At'Culloch's congrattulations, and Mr. Ire land's promises ot good behaviour for his side of the house, brought the proceedings to within tetn minutes of 4 o'clck, whcn tIhe Ilonse ad:ourned till next dtay at 2 o'clock the Speaker, and as many members as chose, to be receivedtl by his Excellency at 1 o'clock. Tt is pretty evildent from to-day's transactions that what llorace Walpole a century and a quarter ago would have called the "Broad bottom" element will not be wanting to the Legislative Assembly. ________________________________________ __________________________ I 