A WALK WITHOUT AN END. (Written expressly for the Sydney Morning Herald.) BY PETER 'POSSUM. BY end, I mean a purpose. I sometimes take it into my head to float about in London like a chip in a pond, yielding to every circling eddy and tiny side- current, and moralising as I go. Let me jot down a note or two of one such walk. It is a sultry July morning, with thunder-clouds hanging about on the horizon, and the green benches in front of the public-house upon the hill are occupied by a little army of brick-faced brawny-fisted navvies, who are drinking "Cooper" as if in a fever thirst, and yet are clad exactly as in winter, with their dirty white jumpers tied scarf-fashion athwart their blue and brown mud splashed P. jackets The state of the thermometer has little to do with the exca- vator's thirst, that is his normal condition. The final, extra- professional, ends for which he would appear to have been created are to drink beer and to train bull-pups, with now and then a battle- royal on pay day. And yet there is a sailor-like good temper in the big animal's face, that prevents you from setting him down as a "rough," and Miss Marsh's experience shows that, when kindly treated, he can be a very gentle, grateful creature. If he would only black his boots and put on a clean shirt and smock on Sunday, it would be a pretty sight to see him, as now and then you may see him, taking his lounging walks abroad with a smartly-dressed little daughter toddling by his side, holding on to his brown, thick forefinger, like a toy ship in tow of a clay-barge, and not in the least afraid of him or of his massive mates. She has no reason to be, so long as they are not downright drunk. Womenfolk of all kinds, indeed, are far safer from insult in a crowd of mighty navvies than when they have to pass through half-a-dozen of the undersized London roughs, – the foul-mouthed mannikins, neither men nor boys, who infest suburban roads on Sunday evenings, surging up against all timid- looking church-goers, and, when they can get a poor, unprotected girl into their clutches, not shrinking from the vilest outrages. The navvies, too, have their horse play, but they keep it to them- selves. "Where are you pushin' to ?" exclaims one great fellow to another, catching him by the collar, when his whale-like gambols have stopped a lady's way ; and when he sees what he has done, the reproved one looks thoroughly ashamed of himself, and mutters inarticulate apologies. A little farther on is where the navvies are at work. Half of the roadway is boarded off. Huge rusty iron-girders lie in the shade of a many- gapped remnant of a hedge. A new line had bored a hole beneath the road, and up and down the tem- porary rails a little locomotive with a stump funnel is constantly fussing and screaming, as if it were proud of being the only engine there. Now and then it hooks on a train of full or empty ballast- waggons, but for the most part its incessant journeyings, like a gay uniformed aid-de-camp's gallopings to and fro at a review, seem to an uninstructed eye to be simply prompted by a desire for personal display There is plenty of earnest work, however, going on in the raw chasm. As you watch it, you do not wonder at the navvy's almost limitless capacity for beer ; pick and shovel flash in the hot sun light as though their wielderis were untirable machines. With only a pause for spitting on his hands, the wheeler, with up-turned shirt-sleeves, seizes the barrow handles and propels the yellow load up the long, narrow, bellying plank, his muscles standing out like a cart horse's struggling up hill. He wastes no words with his mate, who has brought down the empty barrow to the rickety stage, but, whilst he in his turn becomes a pusher, backs into the handles as if they were shafts, and trots down the perilously springing plank to fetch another piled-up load And so he will go on for hours. To a sedentary man, by no means certain that the world would not get on quite as well without what he calls his "work," there is something humil- ating in the sight of such unmistakably manly, indu- bitably useful labour After the navvy at work, the next sight that attracts my attention is an usher at rest – an usher of the Mr. Mell type. The "young gentlemen" have gone home for the holidays ; Mr Creakle is at Margate ; the painters, and the servants, and the char-woman, are gossiping at the open bedroom windows, and joking over pots of porter handed in and out. Poor Mr. Mell, in his shabby clothes, lounges amongst the laurus- tinuses, hanging on the garden-gate, and looking with lack-lustre eye at the passing omnibuses. Poor fellow ! He seems to miss the school grind, whose din sickened him so whilst it is going. He has no home to go to, no money to spend, no future to anticipate. Within the house he is in every- body's way, and nobody cares a straw for him outside. Whilst hearing little boys their accidence, he seemed to have some kind of a raison d'etre, however dreary ; but now his existence is without excuse. A saucy girl, flushed from an active flirtation with the painters will contemptuously give him a scrambling dinner, with less respect than the dog gets when he receives his scraps ; then there will be a long purposeless afternoon to get through, and then another eleemo- synary meal, and then a long evening in which, if he doesn't go out, or shut himelf up in his room, he will be almost flatly in- sulted by the servants as a spy, and then he must go to sleep, soothed with the anticipation of such another day. He may well be tired of the holidays, although their termination will bring back a swarm of mosquito-plagues. I would infinitely rather be a perspiring navvy than a holiday-making usher of the Mr. Mell type. To say nothing of other considera- tions, look at the vast disproportion in their respective amounts of beer ! Here is a Temple of beer in pro- cess of reconstruction. It was once an old-fashioned, rumbling, bow windowed, ivy-clad place, standing back from the road, with a gibetted sign and a canal-like water trough in the open space in front. But now all that remains of it is an extempo- rised tap with the room above, standing in the midst of a dusty desert in which men are piling bricks, mixing mortar, and digging foundations. " Business carried on as usual," say the placards plastered on the hoardings ; but where are the cool, sleepy rooms to which the old customers used to re- sort ? They must struggle through a wilderness of brickbats, gravel, lime, and cow's hair to get their beer, and then drink it on their legs in a doomed fragment, one side of which is covered with rain- rotted and sun-curled bedroom and parlour paper. All the old comfort of the place is gone, and when the fragment, too, has yielded to the crowbar and the pick, and the new inn is built, it will be a spick-and- span modern edifice, with geo- metrical lines, stucco cornices and plate- glass, flush with the pavement. No longer will there be a rural litter of damp hay about the doors. I grudge the dis- appearance of these old hostelries – relics of times when cowslips grew, where now the dustman piles his hideous mounds – from our suburban roads. Bullocks and sheep are presumably rural objects, but no breath of the country hangs about them here in Lower Holloway. The gaunt, closely-shorn, foot-sore sheep are plainly foreigners, and are grimy as scavengers with steam boat smut and London mud. Carts, cabs, and ommbuses slowly wind their way through the bewildered throng, with much swearing on the part of the drivers on both sides. The poor creatures look hopelessly about them, as if they longed for the butcher's knife. Every now and then they make a feeble dive into some side-court, whence they are brought back by shouting drovers and barking dogs, manifestly overwhelmed by the mystery of their existence. The bullocks resent their destiny in fieercer mood. They put down their horns at poking 'bus poles and charge upon the pavements ; white-faced ladies rush into shops, and are followed by the as white-faced "walker" who just before had been grandly twiddling their gilt chains in the draped doorways. Little boys and girls sent out for beer, almost split themselves in their efforts to keep under the lee of men passengers who are going their way. Two students from the Missionary College, who doubtless have many a time braved cannibals and lions in most heroic fancy, do not relish the look of an English ox upon a London pavement, and with countenances in chromatic accord with their cravats, suddenly change the direction of their "constitutional. " Other male folk astern, ashames to flee, take a remarkable interest m the contents ot very uninteresting shop windows – brush- nickers', sausage-sellers, and such like – glancing out of the corners of their eyes to see when the, after all, not very formidable beasts have got far enough a-head to suffer them to proceed with combined security and conservation of their manhood. A Cockney in a stockyard would be a pitiable object, and yet he will plunge fearfully into the boiling flood of a crowded crossing, where an Australian would fear to follow him. Courage, as Emerson says, very often consists in not fearing to do what we have done without harm before. Past Sir Hugh Myddleton, gleaming in still smokeless marble at the head of the once more verdant Islington Green, over his now vaulted-in river, through dingy Clerkenwell, into the dismal Farringdon Road. Do people who live there ever feel at home ? There are fine patches of model workingmen's houses in it – piles towering up, and let off, in flats, in the Scottish style, but with open galleries of communication in front which mitigate the oppressive effect of the Scotch "common stair" – buildings in which there is far more physical comfort to be got than in the vast majority of London labourers' dwellings ; but they stand in such a howling wilderness that it is difficult to associate any idea of moral comfort with them. Hard by, all day, the engines of the Metropolitan Railway are screaming. The line, with raw litter about it, runs parallel with the road. Waste places waiting to he built upon – fenced off with rails in- grained and polished with dirt by many a filthy palm, strewn with oysters-shells, and frequented by gusty " casuals," lazily lounging, and old-faced young "Arabs," whose "ports" are dreary as a funeral – stretch on either hand. On the right are the tumble-down tenements of Field Lane and Saffron Hill. What an irony there is now in the names ! How hard it is to believe that hawthorn hedges used to blossom where now the thieves "fences" live – that the golden crocus used to star the grass where for many a year physical and moral filth, acting and reacting, have festered together on that frowsy hill ! What a strange place for musicians to colonise it seems – and yet there the Italian organ-grinders most do congregate. Past the betting men in Farringdon-street, the old hands with their carrion-crow-like look, the fast younger members of the fraternity who try to look so knowing, and yet look so green, in spite of their stable-tight trousers. Through Fleet-street, where people cluster about the newspaper offices in hope of gratuitous information, from the posters, of the progress of the war. Money must be scarce, or economy plentiful, when people keep themselves up in the news of the day by reading penny papers' placards ! Through the rumbling Strand, past the still unfinished column whose mast- headed Admiral has recently had to officiate as chairman of reform meetings ; London roughs, in default of Sir Edwin Landseer'e representations of the British Lion, roaring at the base, and down Whitehall, whose buildings the heaviest showers appear incapable of cleansing of their furred layers of drab dust. A crowd is pouring through the archway of Scotland- yard. I join it, and with it stand at gaze before the unpretending head-quarters of the Metropolitan Police. A bumptious sergeant stands sentry at the door. Two horsy-looking men in plain clothes, and with memorandum books and pencils in their hands, are watching a constable trot a grey charger up and down. Presently " Halt " is cried, the horse stops short, the rider dismounts, and an entry is made in the memorandum-books. To watch this interesting sight – not having the slightest idea apparently of any purpose it may have – the Londoners flock in, and tread on one another's toes. The omnivorous, unin- telligent curiosity of the Cockney is certainly a curious phenomenon. In the very shadow of the Abbey an underground railway is throwing up its mole-hills. Past and present could scarcely be more curiously contrasted. The white-robed chorister flits by the yellow jumpered navvy, and on those rough raw hoardings looks down the exquisitely cut masonry with the dark bloom of antiquity upon it – save where Time, tired of nibbling, has made an angry bite. Out of the Broad Sanctuary, sleepy in spite of shoe-blacks and omnibuses, into the perfect hush of the Dean's Yard. The grass and the trees of the Quadrangle, the sombre houses that hem it in on three sides, seem all nodding together. On the other side stretches the famous School – nurse of wits, warriors, and statesmen. Its top is of bilious brick, irregularly run into the black rough stone that forms its lower wall. Through low, grimy, worn archways you look into courts in which you might expect to see shave- lings. Outside it has no architectural beauty, but there is a strange "charm of old," in spite of their modern repairs, in those old black walls and arch- ways sleeping in the sunlight that has fallen on them summer after summer for centuries. The famous men and boys of the school float about you in impalpable presence, as you stand and look, and behind them you dimly see the thin ghosts of the once portly abbots who long ago feasted in the College Hall. No sooner are you out of the yard, however, than the present is forcibly re- called to you. A placard announces that, in a week's time, a "window-garden," that is a poor man's flower show will be held in the enclosure of the yard, under the patronage of the Dean. " Class IV." I note, is to consist entirely of " Creeping Jennies," Prowling in some of the purlieus of the Abbey, you might wonder how any flowers could grow there. The Temple of Christianity on which, in one sense, England justly prides herself, should make her ashamed in another. It has not done much to leaven its neighbourhood. The slums and sluts of West- minster are notorious. Victoria-street has made a clean sweep of some of the slums, and when its gaps of waste ground are built over, it will be as imposing a thoroughfare as Tower-of Babel-like houses, faced with pretentious stucco, can make it. But that shallow sham, the stucco, will spoil it. It will peel off in rotten patches, and then the paint-pot will be used, and while one house looks as black as a sweep, its neighbour will intensify its nigritude by cream-white gloss. So long as the slums remain, too, there is stucco in the very existence of the hiding mansions. As though to remind them of this, the half-hidden Bridewell, near the end, looks satirically at them round a corner. Past the Grosvenor Hotel, which proves how splendid a pile may be made of brick when archi- tects will use it without being ashamed of it, into Belgravia. I take a naturalist's interest in flunkeys, and here you see the gorgeous creatures hopping about as common as sparrows. If you look at them as men, of course you long to splash their snowy stockings, to knock their tilted hats off their powdered curls, and to send your elbows into their sides ; but I do not look upon flunkeys as men. They are a separate species – like the chimpanzees, and here, in their favourite habitat, the observer can study them to perfection, Their liveries spangle the pavements, and their rotund calves are ever flitting by, on carriage- boards, in gleaming collunations. A correct delinea- tion of life from the flunkey point of view would be a curious and interesting study. P. P. 