ALFRED HAQARTB HOUSEHOLD. By Mtxanhr Smith, author ef-' A Life Drama.' Chatter XXIV. Dubino the year over which the last chapter extended, the McQuarrie girls were frequently in Hawkhoad ; for three or four winters they were in attendance on tbe hah ionablo educational institutions, and subsequently they made flying visits to the city, either resident at Cuchullin Lodge or Mortimer -street for the time being; so that at the porioj of this present writing, John Hagart was on terms of entire intimacy with hiB cousins, more particularly with Miss Map- pie. So far had this cousinlv int. mac; extended, that wht n M iss Maggie was at Hawkhead, 3 ohn waa ai often in fcer company as he could possibly contrive; and when in summer ihe girls leturnod to Uanvohr, with Miss Maggie, John carried on a somewhat voluminous correspondence. John's letters were filled with satirical descriptions of the evening parties .he attended, of Hawkhead belles and beaux, of Miss Kate, of the office of Messrs. Hook and Crook, and the lite. Mice Maggie's— for that young lady gave him letter for letter with the most methodical punctuality — ex- pressed the deepest interest in these matters, echoel aud reflected them ; and were full besides of the unexciting in cidents of rural life, and always brought with them — to John's sente, at least — the emell of the Uanvohr birches. 1 hiB correspondence had opened accidentally— thatis to say, when the young people parted they had come under no cove nsnt to correspond— but one letter had drawn on another, till at last, on both sides, the habit had been fairly formed . and could not be broken now without positive pain and regret. In John's writing-desk there had accumulated two or three packets of Miss Maggie's letters, fall of pleasant trilling ; and to the post night which would bring him another he always looked forward with interest. Was John in love with his pretty cousin f If he had asked that ques tion of himself, he would have answtred by a decide! nega tive. He would have plei guilty to liking : not guilty to love. But likiog is love in bnd. He was in love ; bat he was unconscious of it — as most equable natures are for a while. Tou have walked out at early morning before the sunihas visibly risen, and inthe cool beamlets light seen every object pretematurally clear, passionlessly distinct ; and you have fancied in the strange distinctness of objects and in the perfection of coolnesB and silence that the world is waiting ior something, that the guatd of honour has assembled, but that the king has not entered an appearanoe,— and before this conoeit had time to form itself in your brain, like one rrd-faced with haste, up bounces the sun, and the far-off hills, so coldly distinct a moment before, lose outline in a fiuth of heavenly roses, and the Eire am is covered with patinesof fine geld, and the white cloudreddenBpassionate.y like a cheek and beneath it the lark sings in rapture -, and the cool emotionless atmoepbere is all at once pierced with the arrows of sun- fire, and the dumb colourless dawn has parsed into a vocal mora, glittering with all the hues of the humming-bird. There is the progress of the passion in image. John Hagart was in the dawn state when he was wiiiirg and receiving the letters : he was passively in love : but the time was c ming when that love would become ac tive; when he would become conseimi that he was in love, and when the consciousness would transfigure the ideal world for him, juBt as the rising of the sun transfigures the material one. We can all remember such immortal mo rn citfl. If we do not, we have not drunk the wine of life with the foam on. 'With the contents of the majority of the letters accumu lating in John Hagarf s writing-desk we have no concern, and so let them lie in their own sweetness ; but with one of Miss Maggie's epistles, received about this time, we have such intimate concern that I shall print it at length. It was received on a 'Wednesday night; and before he went to bed John perused it and reperused it at least a dozen times. Here it is : ' Uanvohe, Thursday. ' My dear Cousin,— I received your letter at three o'clock tbis morning and read it in be 3. The boy who was sent U ? with the post-bag lost his way coming home across the hills, and so was several hours late, I was very disconsolate at the non-arrival of the messenger, and went to bed as one goes on a wet night, perfectly certain that when one awakes the morning will be sunny. I knew that 1 would have your letter in the moniing at any rate. When the boy came, Mary, who knew what X was expecting, brought it up to my room at once. I was very glad to get it, although I was wakened eut of my sleep, and had to read it by my bed-room candle. ' And to - on thought Miss Kate Stavert looked vary well when you met her at the Flower Show ! She must have improved since I saw her last. Iadmitshehasanicefigure, but she has not a regular feature in her whole face. She is a pleasant good-tempered girl enough, but not one of my beauties. Didn't you think her pink parasol rather showy ? But that is the fault of the Hawkhead ladies ; they all dress like dahlias, hollyhocks, and tiger-lilies. 'However, 1 shall soon see Miss Kate Stavert and be able to judge for myself. And this brings me to the first part of my news. Papa had a letter from Mr. Stavert the other day, to the effect that we— that is Oona and I— must be v- ty cull at Uanvohr just now, and dosing with an in vitation to us to spend a month at Cuchullin Lodge. Wasn't it very sice and kind of him to remember us in onr desolate state ? Papa will, I expect, allow us to go south in a week or two I shall be very glad for one. I shall be glad to have another old-fashioned tea at Mortimer-street with dear old aunt. I hope her cold is better. Has she finished her sampler yet - When I come I shall see whether jou have improved in your dancing since last winter. Can you ac complish a galop yet without stumbling, or go through a waltz without getting giddy ? When 1 come I'll put you through your dancing paces, 'And now for my sec xid bit ef newB, which is serious. I wrote you, I think, two er three letters back, that we had heard some strange reports about Mr. Willoughby's extra vagancies and wild conduct before he cams to live near us at the foot of Mars co. t'ona would not listen to these reports, and declared that ehe could instinctively pick out what no bleness there was in a man ; and that she was satisfied that whatever might have been Mr, WOloughby's early follies, he was good and honourable at the core. Papa, however, was notfoentirelysatislied.androdeover to Marsco House. Mr. Willoughby at once admitted that the reports which had been cii ciliated abouthim were juite true; be confessed that he bed been very foolish ; that he had gambled a little and dissipated a good deal ; hut that he was now entirely re formed, and that, by God's blessing, he would continue so to the end Papa came home, had a ling conference with Oona, and in a day or two thereafter the engagement was foimallv concluded,— only it was arranged that the marriage will not take place for a year, Hem? to be on his good be haviour during that time. ' A week or two ago he came over to Uanvohr, and I saw a lover for the first time in my life. What a handsome one he was !— tall (a good head and shoulders taller than you,) light-haired, blue- eyed, and a step which makes you think that he bad always walked on ground he could call his own. He was extremely gallant, ana devoted himself entirely to us,— actually helping us to pluck gooseberries and to plant saplings. He was of course espeaally attentive to Oona — every look was a declaration of love, every word homage ; ted of cuurse she was very proud to lead about such a lion in a silken leash. But with all his quiet tones and manners, I suspect there is a hidden fierceness in him. There is a smouldering fire in his eye, which, the slightest affront would poke into a flame. If yon had just seen him the dayOona's horse bolted! It is' this sheathed fierceneBS which is tbe great attraction to Miss Oona, for she has nvt a little of it herself. I believe be would fear no man, and would be tender to any child or woman. 'Just a week ago to-night I had gone to bed, feeling tired, leaving Oona busy with a book down-Etaire. I do not know how long I had slept, when I was roused by the shutting of the door of my room. I started up, and there was Oona standing in the middle of the floor with a bed- room candle in her hand, her hair loose about her shoulders, and her face like a ghost's. She laid down the light on the table, and flung herself face downwards on ths bed-clothes. I was nearly frightened out of my wits, and called out, ' What is the matter ? what has happened, Oona ?' She then got up, threw her arms around me, and began to cry. 'Oh,Maggie, my heart iB broken! Henry was drinking at the N&rrow-; kyle market to-day, and has been fighting with a drover— as if he were no better than a drover himself. He promised me on his honour as a gentleman thathe would be wild and reckless no more. I am degraded, Maggie; he holosme in lit+lo «fef-m. He does not love me : he never could bave loved me.' ' Who told yon, Oona ?' ' The men have just come home from the market and Hffie heard them talking about it'— lEffie is Oona' e foster- mother, you must know, and loves her as her own child) — * the fight between the gentleman was in everybody's mouth. Bffie could not rest after she bad heard the news, and so ehe came wandering about the house ; and seeing by the light in the window thai 1 had net yet gone to bed, she tapped on the pane, and then I got up quietly snd lei her in, £ffie told me all about it ' ' But perhaps, Oona, the stay may not be true ; or it may be grossly exaggerated.' ' It tt true, it must be true,' cried she, withdrawing her aims, rising up to her fall height, and stamfing her foot. ' I'll pluck him out of my heart, although 1 thould pluck out my life with him. False, cruel, cowardly. He has dragged my name through the mire. People will point the finger at me, and— and will pity me, pity tne.' A nd then the burst into crying again, and began marching up and down the room like a wild thing, and wiinging her hands. I cried, too ; and not knowing what to say or do, just watched her marching up and down, when she suddenly stopped and came towards me with a perfectly calm face with a smile upon it, ' Don't cry, dear ; its not worth ciying about. I am sorry I have vexel you. It'sall over.' Then she kissed me just as she used to do, bade mo good night, and, taking up the candle, waa gone in a mo ment. When she left me my brain was in a terrible whirl, snd I did not sleep a wink all night. ' Neit morning Oona went to papa and told him her story, end im- isted that the engagement should be broken off at once. Papa— who did not think knocking down a drover at a fair suoh a mighty crime, particularly if the drover was insolent— demurred, but Oona was peremptory ; and so alter a good deal of argumentation, a letter bearing Oona's decision was dispatched to Mr. Willoughby at Marsco House I suspect when he received it Uie poor young man was a good deal surprised, because next morn ing, a little a'ter breakfast, hacatue across the looh in his bout to make explanations. He was closeted with papa and Oona for a long time. What wa- said I don't know, but when be was gting away— it happened that I waa crossing the landing on the stair above at the time — I hoard him say, ' 1 must accept your decision of oourse, Miss MuQuarrie : but if you bnd ever Wed me you would not be so orael. ' Pardon me, Mr Willoughby, il l had net lovodyou, I would not have been so cruel, as you call it. It is my. love which has placed the barrier between us.' That was all I heard, and it was a peep of light into the interior of Oona's heart. I could not love a man so intensely as she, and I suppose for that veiy reason 1 would be more soft-hearted towards him. ' Oona told me in the course of the day that the enjmoC mat was entirely broken off, although Henry had not bem drinking at the market as she had been told, and had*? ceived provocation before he struck. And she requedM that the subject should never more be mentioned betwem , os. Of course I shall obey. But I think that Oona likn to talk about it all the same, and that ehe goes datm** £ file's hut to talk. ' So now my long letter is brought, to a cloie. I don't know whether it was worth my while to write with so much pat. ticularity, as the affairis making 1 great noise in tha couSi' and some rumour of it will be buto to reach Hawkhead before we anive there. Bnt I have told you the truth. ' Believe me, ' Tour affectionate Cousin, ' Macoie.' e This was an unwonted epistolary effort on the part cf Hin B Maggie, and John Hagart perused and reperused it with no I inconsiderable puzzlement. The leader will have noticed I the abrupt manner in which Mr. W lllcughby's name ia in. I troduced, end that abruptness waa felt by John as weD, I And the odd thing was that it should be so, because ha'. I dental mention of that gentleman had beon made iu certain vL of Maggie's foregoing epistles : but then his name hid always been mentionend in connection with Oona, and in the affairs of Oona Jobn had only a se -ondnry interest What interested him in Maggie's letters was Maggie herself. Now however that Mr. Willoughby bad becuuie interesting to Moggie on her sister's account, he had beeo.ueof interest to Jobn also ; and so, to make himself aware of the entire state ofthecase.be went to his writing dcnty took out a nil of the Uanvohr Correspondence, and doubled back upon it, seeking information concerning Miss Oou&U; discarded lover The information thus ebt&ined; g-thoni1 from senteniw scattered here and there, may be biit-fh summarise]. Henry Willoughby was descended of a good old Engliih stock, snd rich withal. He was bom in India, were both his parents died when he was nine years of age. Ho was th-u sett to England and placed under guardians; at theuai. vereity he was regarded os clever, but c.iul 1 never betate himself to regular work; then he boated, wined, and hunted, coming up to London with Eorae vague idea of reading Uv he made ducks aud drakes of a considerable portion ofhil 8 money, 'this was the worst part of hie career. lie pulled Jf up; went down to the Weste.n Islands iu company witha H fr end to slaughter grouse ; came to St ye, became iutereatei B in sheep- farming, found Marsco Hone; and fum for EI sale, purchased it, and established himself. At the houseof B a neighbour who had assembled Chrir-.tuits guests he met B Mies Cona McQuarrie and fell in love with hHir. Of coutm S exaggerated rumours of hia London can-tr followei him to I hie Hebridean retreat; and having gathered all this from I the letters before him, John could see m a glance why,ag S a prudent father, Hettor McQuarrie, before he wotid con- fl sent to his daughter's marriage, stipulate that Henry Wfl. J loughby should undergo a year's prub*tion j and equally I cltarly could he understand how a proud girl like Oou S should revolt at her engaged lover brawling at a oattle I market, and how she should wince at such brawling beoom. 9 ing tbe talk of the country. Henry had been reckless before I he bad seen and loved her; must not. that recklessness le ? deeply seated when it had br.ken out in such a flagrant B manner after be had done both, and when its suppression 5 waB the condition nnder which happiness was alone possible? I Before he went to bed, John had the whole circumstances of M the case before bim, snd had he been asked, coidd have given 11 a lawyerly opin'on thereupon. As Maggie surmised, rumours of the breaking off of the engagement, and of the circumstances which led therein, were not long in reaching Huwkhead. One day at dinner John was somewhat startled by Miss K'.te suddenly saying to him, ' And so Miss Oona's engagement with Mr. WilltmgUij is broken off!' *' Yes, so Ihear,' said hernepbew, cautiously— not liking to venture far on the perilous topic. ' I am very gKd the girls are coming shortly, I mi have a little talk with Oona. 5he mom beware of pride. Ifs a cruel deity, and to propitiate it we often sacrifice oir dearest and best.' {To be continued.) 