Pirono Mliss Gs'ilt to frjo. Oldhcrslonw. "Paradise Place, July 27th. '"I have just got your, last letter. T.he brazen impudence of it has roused me. I am to be treated like a child, amn I?-to be threatened first, and then if threatening fails, to be coaxed afterwards? You shall conax me; you shall know, my motherly friend, the soart of child you have to deal with. " I. had a reason, Mrs. Oldershaw, for the silence which has so seriously offended you. I was afraid-yes, actuallyafri'aid-to let you into the secret of my thoughts. No such fear 'troubles :me 'now. My only anxiety this mornirig is to make you my best acknowledg ments for the manner in which you have written to me. After carefully considering it, I think the worst turn I can possibly do you, is to tell you what you are burning to know. So here I am at my desk, bent on telling it. You shall hear what has happened at Thorpe Ambrose-you shall see my thoughts as plainly as I see them myself. If you don't bitterly repent, when you are at the, end of this letter, not hanving held to your firstresolu tion, and locked me up out harm's way' ivhile you had the chance, my name is not Lydia Gwilt. d. L -" Whereo dill my last.letter enid ?' I don't remember and don't care. IMake it out uis you' can-I am not going bck :anvy "fusiier than this day weak.. That is to aay Sunday last. "There was. tt hunderwtorm.in ithe a'morn ing. .'It' bwgan to clear off towards noon .: I didn't go out--I twaiiterid to see Midwinter or to hair fLoin him. "(A'ea you surprised at my not 'witing "' Mr. before hism nime ?. We have got eso familiar, 'my 'dear, tiht '.MIr. wotild he quiti out of- place.) Ho bd left. me the eveningg before under very .interesting circllumtanoes. I bad told him that his 'friend, Armadhle,h, was persecuting me .by means of a hired spiy. 'ie had ddlined .to believe it, and bud gone straight to Thorpe. Aribr'oso to clear the thing upt. I had let him kiss my hand befo'e aIh went. IHe had promised to 'colne hack the next day: (the Sunday). I felt I had secured my influence over him; and I believed he would keep his word. . " Well, the thunder passed away as I told you. The weather cleared tip; the people walked out in their best clothes; the dinners carme in from the baker's;? I sat dreaming at my wretched little hired piano, nicely dressed and looking my best-and still no Mlidwinter nppenred. It was nlate in the afternoon, and I was beginning to feel offended, when n letter was brought to me. It had been left by n stranng messenger who went nway gnain immediately. T looked at the letter.. Mid winter at last-in writing, instend of in per son. T began to feel more offended thnn ever-for, na T told ymi, I thought I had used my inflience over him to better purpose. "The letter, when I- read it, sot my mind off in a new direction. It enurprisod, it puzzrled, it interested me. I thought, and thought, and thought of him all the rest of the.day. "THe began by asking my pardon for hav ingt doubted what I told him. Mr. Arma dalo's own lips had confirmed me. They had quarrelled (as I anticipated they would)-and le and the mnn who had once been his dearest friend on earth had parted for ever. So far I was not surprised. I was amused by his telling me in his extravagant way that ho and his friend were parted for ever; and T,, rather wontered what lie would think when I carried out.my plnn, and found my way into the great house on pretence of reconciling them. "But the second part of the letter set me thinking. Here it io, in his own words. "' It is only by struggling against myself (and no langnage can say how hard the strugglne ias been) that I have decided on writing, instead of spoaling to you. A merci less necessity claims my future life. I must leave Thorpe-Ambrose, I must leave England without heositating, without stopping to look bock. Theren are reasons-terrible reasons, which I have trifled with-for my never let ting Mr. Armndalo set eves on me, or hear of me again, after what has happened between us. T must go, never more to live under the same roof, never more to breathe the same air with that man. I must hide myself from blim under an assumed name; I must put the mountains and the seeas between its. I have been warned as no human creature ever was warned before. I believe-I darn not toll you why-I believe that if the fascination you ihav for me draws me back to you, fatal consequences will come of it to the man whose life has been so strangely mingled with your life and mine-the man who was once your admirer and my friend. And yet, feeling this, seeing it in my mind as plainly as I see the sky above my head, there is a weak ness in me that still shrinks from the one imperative sacrifice of never seeing yon again I am fighting with it as a man finghts with the strength of his despair. I have been near enouglh, not an hour since, to see the house where you live, and have forced myself away again out of sight of it. Can I force myself sway farther still, now that my letter is written-now, when the useless confession escapes me, and I own to loving you with the first love I have ever known, with the lanst love I shall over fool? Let the coming time answer the ques tion; I dare not write of it or think of it more.' "Those were the last words. In that stralnge way the letter ended. "I felt a perfect fever of ouriosity to know what be meant. His' loving me, of course, was easy enough to unsderstand. But what did he mean by saying he had been warned ? Why- was he never to live under the same roof, noever to breathe the same air again with young Armadale? What sort of a quarrel could it be which obliged one man to bide himself from another under an assuimed name, and to put the 'mountains and the seas between them? Above all, 'if he came back, and let me fascinate him, why should it be fatal to ithe hateftl lont who possesses the noble fortune and lives in the great house ? "I never longed in my life as I longed to see him again, and put these questions to him. I got quite snpeortitious about it as the'day drew on. They gave me a sweetbread and a cherry padding for dinner. I, actually tried if he would come back by the stones in the plate I Hie will, ho ewon't, be will, he won't and so on. It ended in. 'he won't.' I rang the bell and had thethings.taken away. I contradicted destiny quite fiercely., :I said, 'he will!' and:I waited at hobanie for him. "You don't know what a pleasure it is to me' to give you all these little particulars. Count up--my bosom friend, my: second mother-count Ilup the money you have ad vanced on.the chance of -my becoming 'Mrs. Armadale, and then think of my feelitig this breathless interest in another man. 'Oh, Mrs. Oldersbnw, how intensely I enjoy the luxuiry of irritating you I "The day got on towards evening. I rang again, and sent down to borrow a railway time-table; What trains were there to take him away on Sunday ? The national respect for the Sabbath stood my friend. There was only one train, which had started hours before lie wrote to me. I went andt consulted my glass. It paid me the compliment of coontra tlicting the divination by cherry- stones. lMy glass said, ' get behind ihe window-curtain; he won't ass tlioe long lonely evening without coming bick again to look at the house.' I got behind the window-curtain, and waited with his letter insmy hand. " The dismal Sunday light faided, and the dismal Sunday quietness in the street grew quieter.etill. The dusk came, and I heard a stop coming with it in the.silence.. My heart gave a little jump--only think of my having any heart left ! I said to myself, 'Mid winter!' And Midwinter it was., " When le cnme,in isight le was walking, slowly, stopping and, hesitating tat overy two or three steps. My ugly little drawing-room window ?aomed to be beckoning him on in lspite of himself, After waiting till I saw him come to a standstill, ta little aside from the house, but still.within view of my irresistible window, I put on my thilngs and slilipped iut by the back' way into the garden. The land lord and his family weore at supper, and nobody saw me. ' I openoedthe door in the wall andti got round by the lane into the street. At that awkrward moment I suddenly reomembered what I had forgotten before, the spy set to watch me, who was, no doubt, waiting some where in sight of the house. "It was necessary to get time to think, and It was (in my state of mind) impossible to let Midwinter go without spenking to him. In great difliculties you generally decide at once, if you decide at all. I tlecided to make an appointment with him for the next evening, and to consider in the interval how no manage the interview so that it might escape observa tion, This, as I felt at the time, was leaving my own curiosity free to torment me fbr four and-twenty mortal hioura-but what other choice had I? It was as good as giving up being mistress 'of Thorpe-Ambrose altogether, to come to a private understanding with Mid. winter in the sight and possibly in the bearing of Armadale's spy. " Finding an old letter of yours in my pocket, T drew bnck into the lane and wrote on the blank loaf, with the little penoil thant hangs at my watoh-chlin:-' T must and will speak to you. It is impossible to-night, but be in the streeoot to- morrow at this time, and leave ino afterwards for over, if you like. When you have read this, overtake me 0nd sny as you pass, without stopping or looking round, yes, I promise." "I folded up the paper, and came on him suddenly from behind. As he started and turnedl round I. pat the note into his hand, pressed his hand, andt passed on. Before I had taken- ton steps I heard him behind me. I can't any he didn't look round-r saw his big blnok eyes, bright and glittoring in the dusk, devour me from head. to foot in a moment; but otherwise hoe did what I told him. 'I can deny you nothing,' he whis pered ; 'I promise.' lIe went on and left me. I couldn't help thinking at the time how that brute and booby Armadalo would have spoilt everything in the same situation. "I tried all night to think of a wny. of mnaking our interview of the next evening safe from discovery, and tried in vain. Even as.early as this, I bogan to feel as if Mlidwin ter's letter nhad, in some unaccountable moan nor, stepofied me. "lUlonday morning made matters worse. News come from my faithful ally, Mr. nash wood, that Miss Milihoy and Armndalo had met and become friends again. You may fancy the state I was in? An hour or. two later thore came morn news fi'om Mr. Bash wood-good news this time. The mischievons idiot nt Thorpo- Ambrose had shown sense enough at last to be ashamed of himself. IITo had decided on withdrawing the spy that very day, and lie and his lawyer had quar relled in consequence. " So here was the obstacle, which I was too stupid to remove for myself, obligingly re moved for me ! No more need to fret abouit the coming interview with Midwinter-and plenty of time to consider my next procood ings, now that Miss Milroy and her precious swain had come together again. Would you believe it, tihe letter, or the man himself (T don't know which), had taken such a hold of me that, though I tried and tried, I coiild think of nothing else-and this when I hadl every reason to fear that Miss Milroy was in a fair way of changing her name to Armadale, and when I knew that my heavy debt of obligation to her was not paid yet? Was there ever such perversity? I can't account for it-can you ? "The dusk of the evening came at last. I looked out of the window-and the lr he was! "I joined him at once; tihe people of tihe house, as before, beingg too much absorbed in their eating and drinking'to notice anything else. ' We mustn't be seen togetlher here,' I whisperedl. 'I most go on. first, and you must follow me.' "LHe said nothing in the way of reply. What was going on in his mind I can't pro tend to guess- but, after coming to his ap pointmenit, lie actually hung back as if ho was half inclined to go away again.' "You look as if you were afraid of me,' I said. "' I am afraid of you,' he answered--' of yeou and of myself.' " It was not encouraging; it was not com plimentary. But I was in such a frenzy of curiosity by this time, that if he had 'beei ruder still 1 ohould have taken no ndtice of it. I led the way a. few steps towardstheo new buillings and stopped and looked round after him. "' Must I ask it of you as a favor,' I said, 'after your giving me your promise, and after such a letter as you have wrlitten to me ?' "Something suddenly changed him; hie was at my side .in, an instant.' 'I beg your pardon, Mliss Gwilt; lead the way where you please.' Hie dropped back a little after that' answer, and I heard him say to himself, ' what is.to be, willbe. What have I to do with it, and what has sh ?' "It could hardly have been the words, for I didn't understand them-it must hanve been the tone he spoke in, I suppose, that made me feel a momentary tremor. I was half inclined, without the ghost of a reason for it, to wish him good-night and go in ngain. Not mloh like me, you will say. Not much indeed! It didn't last a moment. Your darling Lydia soon came to her senses again. "I led the way towards the unfinished cottages and the country beyond. It would have been much more to my taste to :have hbad him into the house, and have talked to him in the light of the candles. But I had risked it once alreody ; and in this scandal mongering place, and in my critical position, I was afrlnid to risk it again. 'The garden wals not to bp thought of either-for the land lord smokes his pipe there after his supper. There was no alternative but to take him away from the town. "From time to time I looked back as I went on. There lhe was, always at the same distance, dim and ghostlike in the dusk, silently following me. " I must leave off for a little while. The church bells have broken out, and tho jangling of them drives me mad. In these days when we -have all got watcbesa:or clocks why are balls wanted to remind its when tie service begins ? We don't require to be r'ng into the theatre. I-low excessively discreditable tb the clergy to be obliged to ring us into. the church I " They haIve rung the congregation in at last-and I can take, up my pen and go on again.: "' I was a little in doubt whero to lead him to. 'lthe high-road wais' o one side of me but, empty as'it looked, somebody might be passing when we least exlpected it. Thle other way was through the coppice,. I led him throughl thes coppice. " At the outskirts of the trees, on the other. side, there was a dip in the ground, witesome felled timber lying in it, and a little Tbe vnd,i still and white and shining in: thd;trwi light. The long grazing grountds roslleader its firther share, with the mist thickeningon. them, and a dim black line far away of cattle in slow procession going htome. There watsn't a living creature near; there wasn't a sound to he heard. I sat down on one of the felled trees, and looked back for him. 'Come,' I said sofetly, 'come and sit by me horn.' " Why am I so particular about all this ? I hardly, know. The place made an unac nountably. vivid impression on me, andt I can't belp writing about it. If I end badly-sup tose we say on the scaffold ?-I believe the last thing X shall see, before the hangman Iplls tile drop, will beo r little sllining pool, and the long misty grazing grond, nds d the cattle winding dimly homo in the thickening night. Don't be alarmed you worthy eren tworl My fancy plays me strange tricks somotimons-and n hero is a little 6of lost night's lnodannun, I dare any, in this part of my letter. " Io came in the strangest silent way, liko a man walking in his sleop-he caneo and sat dlown by me. Either the night wns very close, or I was by this time literally, in a fever--I couldn't bear my bonnot on; I couldn't boar my gloves. The want to look at him, and son what his singular silenceo meont, and the impossibility of doing it in the darkening light, irritated my nerves till I thought I should have soronmed. I took his hand, to try if thant would help me. It was burning hot; andt it closed instantly on mine -you know how. Silence after that was not to be thought of. The one safo way- was to begin talking to him at once. "'Don't despise me,' I said. 'I am obliged to bring you to this lonely place ; I should lose my character if 'we wore seen together.' "I waited a little. iis haInd warned me once more not to lot the silence continue. I determined to make him speak to men. this time. "rrYou have intornoted meo,and frightoned imo,' I went on. 'You have written me a very strango letter. I :must know what it monns.' "'It is too late to nak. Yoru have taken the way, and I have taken tlhe way, from which there is no turning bock.' Ie made that strange answer in a tone that was quite new to me-a tone that miad me even more uneasy than his silence had made me tho moment before. 'T'oo late,' ho repeated, 'too late I There is only one question to ask nlo now.' *" "What is it?' "As I said the words a sudden treombling pnessed from his hand to mine and told me in stantly thatI lhad bettor lnhave hold my tongue. Before I could move, ibefore I could think, be had me in his arms. ' Ask me if I love you,' ho 'whispered. At thie srmn moment his head sank on my bosom; and some Inutter able torture that was in him burst its way out, as it does witli is, in a passion of sobs and teirs. - " MIy'first imptilso was the impulse of a fool. I iwas on the point of making our ?usdal prtotest and defending myself in our usual way. Luckily or inithckily, I don't know which, I have lost the fieo edge of the sen sitiveness of youth; ant I checked the first movemen't of my hands and the first word on my lips. Oh dear ! how old I felt while he was sobbing on my breast! How I thought of. the time when he might have possessed himself of my love! All hie had possessed himself of now was-my waist. "I wonder wihethor 'I pitied him ? It doesn't matter if I did. At any rare irty hand lifted itself somehow and my lingers twined themselves softly in his hair. Horrible recollections came bock to me of other times, and madel me shudder as I touchedu him. Andt yet I did it. What fiols women are ! "'I won't reproach you;,' I said gently; ' I won't siy this is a cruel advantage to take of me, in such a position as mine. Yotu are dreadfully agitated-I will let you wait a little and compose yoiti'self.' " Having got as fer as that, I stoppod to consider how I should put tihe questions to him that I was burning to ask. Bl3t I was 'too confused I suppose, or r01'.rliaps too itm patient to consider. I lot out what was uppermost in my mind in the words :that carnie first. "'I don't believe you love me,' I said. 'You write strange things to me; ymou frighten me with mysteries. What dlid y'O mean. by saying .in your letter that it would ha fatal to Mr. Armnadale if you came back to me? What danger can there he to Mr. Armndale- ? ' t"Before I could finish the question, he sanddenly lifted his head and, unclasped his arms. I ladl apparently touched some painful subject which recalled him to himself. 'In stead of my shrinking fromn him, it was he who shrank from me. I felt obffended 'with him; why, I don't know-buit offended I was; andt Ithanked him witll my: bitterest emphasis, for remembering what was due to me, at last! "' Do you believe in dreams?' lie buirt out in the most strangely abrupt manner without taking the slightest notice of what I bad said to him. ' Tell me,' he went on, without allowing me tine to answer, ' were you, or was any relation of yours, over connected with. Allan Armadale's father or mother? Were you, or was anybody belonging to you, over in the island of Madeira ?' " Conceive my astonishinent if you can. I turned cohl. In an instant I turned cold all over. Ho was plainly in the secret of what had happened when I was in' ire. Armadale's service in Madeira--in all probe. bility before lie was born ! That was startling enough of itself. . And hie bad evidently some reason of his own for trying to'connect me with those events-which was more startling still. '' No,' I said, as soon as I could trust my. self to speak. 'I know nothing of his father or mother.' " And nothing of the island of Madeira?' "' Nothling of the island of Madloiri.' " lie turned-his head away, al!d began tnlking to himself 'Strango!' hie aid. `As cortainly as I was in the shlndow's plece at the ,windoi, she was in the shadow's plice at the pool !' "Under other.cirbumstannes, his extraordi nary behaviour might hlave larmod me. But after this question about Madeira, there was some greater fear in me which kept all common alarm at a distance. I don't think I ever determined on anything in my life as d'deteormined on finding out how be got bis information, and who he really was. . It was quite plain to me that I had rous'i?..sonme hidden feeling in him, by my questiond about Armndale, which was as strong in its iwy. as his feelitig for me. What had becomo of my influence over him ? "I cohldn't imagino what hadl become of it; but I coeld and did set to work to make him feel it egain. "'Don't treat me cruelly,' I said; 'I didn't treat you cruelly just now. Oh, Mr. Midwinter, it's so lonely, it's so dark-don't frighten mel' "' ?righten you !' lIe was close to me again in ia moment. 'Frighten youl' He repeated the word with as much astonish ment as if I bhad woke im from a dream, and charged idm with something that he had said in Iis sloep. "It was on hie tip ofmy" tongue, finding how I had surprised him, to take.him while he was off his guard, and to ask why my question about Arnindale had produced such l change in hifs elhaviour to me. But after what had happened already I was afraid to risk returning to the sulinect too.soon. Some thing or otiher-what they call an instinct, I dare say-warned me tolet Armadalo alone for the present, and to talk to him first about himself. As I told you in one of my early letters, I had noticed signs and tokens in his manner and appearance which convinced me, young as he was, that lie had done something, or suffered something out of the common in his past life.o; I had 'asked myself more and more .suspiciously every time I saw him, whether lie was what he appeared to be; and first and foremost among my other doubts was a doubt whether lie was passing among us by his real name. Having secrots to keep about my own past life, anti lhaving gone myself in other days by more than one assumed name I suppose I am all the readieir to suspect other people when I find something mysterious about them. Anyway, having the suspicion in my mind, I determined to startle him, as lie had startled me, by an unexpected question on my side a question about his name. "While I was thinking, he was thinking- and, as it soon appeared, of what I had just said to him. .'I am so grieved to have frightened you,' he whispored, with that gentloness ant humility which we all so heartily despise in a mann when he speaks to other women, and which we all so dearly like when lie speaks to ourselves, 'I5 hardly know what I have boon saying,' he wont on; 'my mind is miserably distlurbed. Pray for give me if you can-I am not myself to night.' "'I am not angry,' I.said; .I have nothing to forgive. We are both imprudent -we are both unhappy.' I laid my head on his shouller. ' Do youa really love me ?' I asked him softly, in a whisper.'.. "His arm stole round me again; and I folt .the quick boat of his heart got quicker and quicker. ' If you only know .!' ho whispored back; 'if you only know- ' Heo could sayno more. I felt his face bond ing towards mine, and dropped my head lower, and stopped him in the very act of kissing mo. 'No,' I said; 'I am only a woman who has taken your fancy. You are troating me as if I was your promised wife.' "'Be my promised wife ! lieo. whisporoed eagerly, and tried to raise my head.. I kept it down. The horror of those old remem brances that you know of, came back, and made me tremble a little when he asked me to be his wife. I don't think I was abtually fiaint; but something like flintnass mado me close my eyos. Tihe rnomont I shut them the darkness soomod to open as if lightning had split it: and the glhosts of those other men rose in the hIorrid gap, and looked at me. "' Speak to mo i' ho whisporedo& todorly. 'M1y darling, my amgal, spoak tom d!" ' "Ills voico helped me to recover myself. I had just sonso onough loft to romember that tlie time was passing, and that I hadl not put my cuestion to, him yet about his "'Supposo I folt for you as you fool for mo ?I' I said. ' Suppose I loved yoii darly onough to trust you with the happiness of all my life to como ? "I paused a moment to got breathl. It was unbearably still and' clos--th h'air soomod, to have died when the night camo. ""' Would you be marrying me honour 'ably,!'-I wont on, 'if you married me in your present name?' " His arm dropped from my waist and I folt him give ono. start.: Aftor that he sat by mo, still, cold, and siloeit, as if .niy quos tion had struck him dumb; I' put.my arm round his neck, and laid my hoad igain on his shoulder. Whatever the spell was I had laid on him, my coming closer in that way soomod to break it. '" Who told you? '--11 stopped.' No,' he wont on, 'nobody can have told you. WVhat mado you suspect--?'. Iso stopped again. "' Nobody told me,' I said'; 'and I don't know what mado me suspect. Womon'lavo strange fancios somotimes. Is Midwinter really your name ?' " 'I can', deceive' you,, :he, answoered, after another intorval of silenco; ' Midwintor is not really my name.' "I nestled a little closer to hiim. "' What is your name ?' I asked. "Hell hesitated.-. "I lifted my face till my chook just touched 'his. I peorsisted, sith my, lips close at his ear, " ' What, io confdence in. me ovon yet ? No confidonoein the woman Wiho.hmis alost confessed shelloves you-who had almost consented- to be your wifoe !'. S"Ie turned his faco" to mineo For the second time ho triod to kiss me, and for the second time I stopped him. "'If I toll you my name,' he said, 'I must toll you more.' "I let my cheook touch his cheek again. "' Why not ?,' I said. ' How can I love..o a man-much loss' marry him-if he keeps hiimsolf a stranger to me? '" "There was no answoring that, as I I thought. B.uit hle did andswer it. W"'It is a" dreadful story,' he said. :?It may darkln all your lifo,ift you :know it, as it his darkened mine - "I put my :otherirmi round him, -and persisted. 'Toll it me; I'm notafraid; tell it meo.' '" Hi began to yield to my other arm. "'Will you keep it a saored secret?' he said. 'Never to be broathled-never to be known but to ydan and me?' -"I promised himi it should be a socret.-- I waited in a perfect frenzy of expectation. Twicel he tried to begin, and twice his courage faildd him. "'I can't!' ho broke out in a wild help. 6oss vway.-. 'I clin't tell it!' ' - My curio ity, or more likely my temper, o, beyond all conitrol. HIo had irritated 'ife till I wase reckless what I said or what I did. I ildddouly clasped him close, and pressed my lips to his. 'I love you,' I whispored i -a kiss. 'Now will you tell me?' "Foi the moment. he was speechless. I don't know whothei I did it purposely to drive him wild.: I don't know whether I did it involuitarily in a burst of rage. Nothing is certain but that I interpreted his silence the wrong way. I pushed him back from me in a fury the instant after I had kissed him. 'I hate you ' I said. 'You have maddened me into forgotting myself. Loavo mo! I don't caro for the darkness. Loeave me instantly, and never soee men again!' ''lIo caught nme by the hand and stopped mo. 1Ie spoko in a now voico-ho suddenly commandcd, as only men cnil. " ' Sit down,' hie said. ' You havo given me back imy courago- you shall know who I am.' "In the silonco and the danrnoss all round us, I obeyed him, and sat dlown. "LIn the silonce and the darkness all round us, he took me in his arms again, and told me who lho was. " Shall I trust you with his story? Shall I toll you his real name? Shall I show you, as I threatoned, the thoughts that have grown out of my interviow with him, and out of all that has happoned to me since that time ? "Or shall I koop his soorot as I promisod? and keeoop my own secret too, by bringing this weary long lotter to an ond at thoe very momont when you are burning to heonar moro! "Those are serious questions, Mrs. Older shaw-moro serious than you suppose. I havo had timo to calm down, and I begin to soo what I failed to see when I first took up my pon to writo to you-the wisdom of look ing at consequences. Have I frighlonod myself in trying to frighton yon ? It is pos siblo-strango as it may scorem, it is really possibleo. "I havo boon at the window for the last minute or two, thinking. Thoro is plenty of time for thinking before the post loaves. The pooplo are only now coming out of church. "I havo settled to put my letter on one cido, and to tako a look at my diary. In plainer words I must soo what I risk if I decide oil trusting you; and my diary will show me what my lthad is too weary to ctl culato without help. I have writton the story of' my days (and sometimenos the story of my nights) much moro regularly than usual for the last wook, having roasons of my own for boing particularly caroefuid in this respect under present ciroumsntancs. If I end in doing what it is now in my mind to do, it would be madness to trust to my meomory. Tihe smallost forgetflness of tho slightest ovent that has happened from tho night of my interview with Midwintor to the preosoent tinmo, might be utter ruin to ome. "'Utter rulin to heor!' you will say. ' VWhat kind of ruin does silo moan ? ' " Wait a little, till I have askod my diary whether I can safely toll you?" (2b be continued.) 