NEWS AND NOTES. Our attention has beea drawn to what appears to be a case of great hardship to unsuccessful applicants for mining leases, and of singular mismanagement on the part of the Mining Department. A correspondent informs us that he and others hsre applied until they are weary ior the return of their deposits, they being unsuccessful applicants for mining leaoes, and they can get no satisfaction whatever. The com plaints are made chidly by persons who were appli cants ior ltases iu the Staylheb' district, and the diffi culty is Gupposed to have arisen through the defalca tions of a warden's clerk there; but ibis will certainly not excuse the Mining Department in Uiub retaining money deposited with one of its officers. Perhaps the new head of the Mining Department will do au act of justice by taking steps at once to arrange this matter? We take the following paragraph from the Talbot Leader-" We received a letter yesterday from a gentleman conuected Willi this office who is now in liallarat, in which the writor states that the demand for copies of the second edition of the Argus, contain ing the English news, which reached Ballurat on Sunday afternoon, about half-paBt twelve, was some thing extraordinary. From informatiou lie was able to gather, it appears that over 2000 copies of the Argus second edition were sold out iu the course of an hour and t-half, at the advanced price of ouc shilling a copy. In the Star office the compositors were at their framea, and steam was up in the engine-room, but, like u>, they had to wait until four o'clock before their message reached them, and by that time the Argus second edition had been scattered broadcast over the district." We can only say that the gentleman who supplied our contemporary with the information is altogether wrong, both in regard to the numbers of the Argus sold, and the proceed ings in this office. Some people day thit the WeBtern borough is the wealthier of the two, but no £uch conclusion can he warranted by a comparison of the two police courts and the two town hulls. In the District Court only part of the floor is covered with matting; but in the Eastern Court all the floor is matted, to the great comfort of everybody interested in court business. The East beats the West also ia the appointments of its town hall. There is DO such sumptuousa couucil chamber in the West as in the EaBt, nor such ample outlay ofcocoanut matting in the Western hall as in the broad passages and staircase of tho Eietern seat of municipal government. Why cannot the Western authorities at least alfjrd matting enough to enable police court business to be disposed of with mode rate comfort and quiet? We are glad to note that Mr M. H. Pope, whom some newspapers quite killed, &od; a daugeroun acci dent nearly deprived ot lite, is now BO far recovered ns to be able to walk about town with the aid of staves and frequent rests. Some complaints have reached us relative to occi sional absences of the electoral registrar for Ballarat WeBt during his announced office hours. This is a matter which ire presume only requires to be men tioned to be remedied. We are requested to remind the committee of the Ballarat District Exhibition that a meeting will take place this (Friday) evening, at eight o'clock, and as business of great importance is to bo brought for ward, a full meeting is most requisite. We (Geclong Advertiser?) bear indirectly from Mr Burrow, that he haj no intention of contesting the election for the Western or South-Western Provinces for a seat in the Legislative Couucil. Messrs Swallow and Ariell, of Sandridge and Flin ders Btreet west, have forwarded ub a sample tin of " pearl" biscuits, which are a novelty in this colony. Tue biscuit is certainly of unusual excellence, being very light, sweet, and, we should judge, extremely wholesome. Moreover, the colonial manufactured biscuits seem to ha quite as good as, if not superior to, those imported. The manufacturers give the fol lowing particulars of this new biscuit"These biscuits were manufactured for the first time in London about nine months since, where they created quite a sensation, the demand for them being some thing unprecedented in thennnols of biscuit baking, ovriug to their peculiarity of construction, being allowed to ri90 naturally, and in that respect being different from any other biscuit, and lighter, as well as smaller. This tends to give them some reiem blance to a pearl, from whence they derive their namej and as they run aa many as 160 to the lb., they are more economical to the consumer tUfin other bifcuits, as they can be retailed at Is per lb." Mr S. E. Richards, ol Clu-ies, will leave that place on Monday, 27th August, to take charge of a copper mine in New South Wales. On Thursday next the Clunes Accident Relief Fund Committee intends to entertain Mr Richards at dinner. The Bungaree Road District Board haB decided to defend the Supreme Court actions instituted by the Buninyongshire Council, and shortly to be tried anent the boundary question. Mr Henry Cutbbert, solicitor, of Ballarat, has consented to become a candidate for the representa tion of the South-Western Province. TheMasonB of Ballarat will present a testimonial to Mr J. Ahrene, of the Exchange hotel, this even ing, as a mark of respect previous to his departure for Europe. The jewel to ba presented ia on view at Mr Levin's, Main road. The crazy candle Btory which has arisen in War renheip, and been spiced with a considerable amount of the supernatural by the ghost believing propensities of one or two residents in that well known quarter, has caused some little amusement in the district, and a number of persons have visited the house of the Fahey's, situated near M'Gill and Coghlan's brewery, Bt which the peculiar phenomena are said to have been witnessed. On Thursday the house was inspected by a number of persons from various par's ol the district, curious to unravel tho ridiculous tale; and although the Fahey family appeared strong in their belief that candleB had been .lighted and dis placed in the house by some mysterious agency, they seemed Biugularly alone in such an outrageous opinion. One point in this most ridiculous of ghost stories is, that the candlea were only said to ba lighted after the persons had luft the room, the supernatural visitor not being forthcoming when any' one was present to witness its effect. It looked on Thursday, with candle3 strewed about in the house in extravagant profusion, and some of them crossed in tiie most approved fashion, aa if a wuko had ju3t been celebrated; and perhaps the proximity of the haunted dwelling to the brewery, and the well-known quality of the beer may be reasonably taken in support of that viow of the case. The London JEra's American correspondent oays: "Madame Cc-Ieate, after her engagement at the New Bowery, New York, goes to Montreal, and from thence to Buffalo, Toronto, Quebec, New Brunswick, &c.; On the 19th of August she proceeds to Australia. She has been paid thirty thousand dollars in gold for her tour of the Australian Colonies, and has been engaged by Mr G. Coppin. On Thursday Mr Wayne's, produce dealer's,horse ran away with a cart from near the Siho Foundry, and, in passing along Lydiard Btreet, came into col lision with a horao belonging to Mr Bursey, a butcher. Juct after the collision, and while tho run away horse was going atgreatopeed, Constable Wooife, aided by Constable Gorman, very bravely and dex terously caught the reins and arrested the animal before further damage was done. Mr Veterioary Surgeon Trengrove having examined the horse that had been run against, pronounced the near hind leg to be broken. A special meeting of the committee of the Bal larat Agricultural and Pastoral Society will be held at Craig's on Saturday next, at eleven o'clock fore noon, for the purpose of makiog final arrangements in connection with the programme of prizes for the ensuing annual exhibition. The prize list-which is exceedingly liberal-will be published in the course of next week. The MnUofbury correspondent of the Daylesford Mercury says:-" The waterworks on the Taradale road are slowly progressing. A few hands only are employed there, and there is no probability that the number will be much increased for some time to come. Messrs Greenwood and Co. have nartially appended operations, and are now engaged" procur ing machinery from Castlemaine. When the weather clears up about 500 men will obtain work for a con siderable period.'1 On the evening of Tuesday, Hth August, at a meeting of the Loyal Linton Lodge, I.O.O.F.,M.U., held at the Royal Standard hotel, Linton, Dr Hooper was re- elected lodge surgeon. A correspondent at Rakewood writes as follows: -This district is fast rising in importance, and the population increases rapidly, as the diggings at the Break o'Day, aud in tho neighborhood, give every promise of large returns. No little dissatisfaction has been eviaci-d on the part of the miners here, in consequence of the action of the Government in putting up for sa'e a considerable quantity of land in the parish of Wanambine; against the alienation of which numerously signed petitions had been for warded to the Lands Department. Although the knd has brought to the State upwards of £i an acre, and the Government geologist has prouounced against its auriferous characttr, those interested in mining matters are determined to oppose, with even greater vigor than heretofore, any intended alienation of Crown lauds in this neighborhood for years to come. It was understood that the Govern ment was disposed to reserve a tract of country near here for a State forest, and a very desirable object this would be; but as yet wo see no signs of anv such reserve being made. On the eoatrary, the edge of the forest is being test denuded of its best timber, it being cut for the purpose of feeding the teamsters' bullocks. It is very sad to nee the fine she-oak trees lying dead, while thu barbarity remains unpunished. Mr Siyers, the secretary of the Mine Accident Prevention Association, has just received a letter from th^secretary of the ''Manchester Association for the prevention of 6team boiler explosions and for the attainment of economy in the use of steam," acknow ledging the receipt of an application "for informa tion respecting the association, with the object of forming a similar association in Ballarat." The eecretury of the Manchester Association promisos to comply with the request forthwith, so that the local association may expc-ct Boon to have an account of the working of one of the most effective associa tions ia the world. The Ballarat Harmonic Society is now engaged in rehearsing " Haydn's Seasons'' for production at its next coucert. Mr George Collins Levey, of East Melbourne, gen tlemen, has applied for a patent for an invention in tituled " Au Invention for Improvement in produc ing Blocks for Illustrating Newspapers and Books." The Glassblowers were again well patronised last evening. The entertainment will bo continued throughout the week. The Theatre Royal was tolerably well attended last night, and three pieeeB were performed, includ ing a repetition of the previous evening's programme. This evening there will be a specially good enter tainment, as Miss Adelaide Bowritig and Mr J. H. Steele will re-appear with air Collins in " The Irish Ambassador," assisted by the company. This will bo so capital an attraction, that we presume the hcuse will be filled, for BO strong a caat in so good a comedy will be seldom possible in this theatre. Following the comedy there will bo a merry niter piece. 