THE ROMANCE OF ROYALTY. From the Home News we learn that the case of Mrs. Ryves, who claims kinship with the Royal Family, was heard in the Divorce Court on June 1, before the Lord Chief Justice Cockburn, the Lord Chief Baron, and the Judge-Ordinary, and a Special Jury. In this suit, which was a petition under the Legitimacy Declaration Act, the peti- tioner, Lavinia Jannetta Horton Ryves, of 24, Georgina-street, Camden Town, prayed that her mother, Olive Wilmot Serres, may be declared to be the legitimate daughter of Henry Frederick Duke of Cumberland and of Olive Wilmot, his wife. The learned counsel (Dr. Smith) opened the case at considerable length, but the facts lie within a narrow compass, and will be best stated by being thrown into the form of a narrative. The Rev. Dr. James Wilmot, the petitioner's great-grandfather, was educated at Trinity College, Oxford, of which he subsequently became a Fellow. Early in his career—but at what particular date does not appear —he contracted a private but legal marriage, according to a certificate under his own hand, with the Princess of Poland, daughter of Stanislaus, last king of that country. The issue of such marriage was one child, a daughter, Olive. As she grew up she attracted much attention in consequence of her beauty and accomplishments; and at the age of 19 a formal offer of marriage was made to her by his Royal Highness Henry Frederick, Duke of Cumberland, the brother of King George the Third. The offer was accepted, and the marriage took place on the 4th March, 1767, at the house of Lord Archer, in Grosvenor- street. The ceremony was private; it was per formed by the Rev. Dr. Wilmot, the bride's father, and it was witnessed by the Earl of Chatham (then Mr. Pitt), the Earl of Warwick, and Lord Archer. It is alleged that the Duke's brother, King George the Third, was also present. His Royal Highness grew tired of this union in the course of a few years, and on the 2nd October, 1771, Iris first wife, the Princess Olive, being then alive, he contracted a second and bigamous marriage with Lady Ann Horton, daughter of Simon, first Earl of Cor- hampton, and widow of Christopher Horton, Esq., of Cotton Hall, in the County of Derby. On the 3rd April, 1772, tire Princess Olive was delivered at Warwick of a female child, who was also called Olive, and some few years afterwards that unhappy lady died in France, it is said of a broken heart. King George was so indignant at the conduct of his brother that he re- fused to the last to receive him or Lady Horton at Court; but knowing the consequences to which his bigamous marriage exposed him. His Majesty did all in his power to screen him from the conse- quences of his guilt. He directed that the infant Olive should be rebaptized, and represented as the child of Robert Wilmot, Dr. James Wilmot's brother, but he at the same time took every pre- cation that, while he shielded the Duke of Cum- berland from the legal consequences of his crime, he should in no way impugn the reputation of the lawful Duchess Olive, or the legitimacy of her infant daughter. With this view His Majesty, from time to time, put the royal sign-manual to several certificates, all in acknowledgment of the legitimacy of his "niece Olive," and likewise made temporary pecuniary provision for her support. These and the other documents connected with the marriage were deposited with Lord Warwick, whom the learned counsel stated he should he able to show was also a member of the Royal Family, and cousin of the Princess Olive. He held them as a trustee on the understanding that they should not be made public until after George the Third's death. He, however, became seriously ill in 1815, and then, feeling that his death, which took place in the course of the following year, was approaching, he delivered up the papers to the Princess Olive, then Mrs. Serres, in the presence of His Royal Highness the late Duke of Kent. The Princess Olive then for the first time became aware of her real parentage and position. She had been reared in the family of Mr. Robert Wilmot, but her taste for drawing was such that she was brought up to London in 1791 with the view of affording her an opportunity of cultivating the talent. Here she became acquainted with Mr. John Thomas Serres, a painter of marine subjects, and was married to him on the 1st September, 1792\. Of this marriage four children were the result. The two eldest died young; the third, the petitioner, was born on the 16th March, 1797; the fourth, a daughter, born in 1802 also survives. Domestic differences arose between the father and mother, and in 18 3 a formal separation took place under the provisions of a deed. It is alleged that on the delivery up of the papers by Lord Warwick, the Duke of Kent ever afterwards recognised Mrs. Serres as his cousin, and that he actually allowed her £100 a year while he lived. These arc the facts of the case so far as they bear on the marriage of the Duke of Cumberland with Olive Wilmot. Efforts have in vain been made for neaily half a century to obtain a re- coguition of it. but until the passing of the Legitimacy Declaration Act no legal pro- ceeding could be instituted to establish it. The Act was passed in 1858; in 1859 Mrs. Ryves (who conducted her own case) pre- sented a petition and obtained a decree declaring the validity of the marriage of Air. John Thomas Serres with Olive Wilmot; and she now seeks, by the present proceedings, to establish the legitimacy of her mother, who, in the suit of 1859, was simply treated as Olive Wilmot, and not as the Princess Olive. The documents relied on in support of the marriage of the Duke of Cumberland and the daughter of Dr. Wilmot are very numerous, and they contain what purport to be 16 signatures of Lord Chatham, 12 of Mr. Dunning (afterwards Lord Ashburton), one of Lord Archer, 12 of George III., 18 of the Duke of Kent, 32 of the Earl of Warwick, 13 of Dr. Wilmot, one of the Duke of Cumberland, and one of his wife. And reliance is also placed on a portrait of the Princess Olive, which it is said hear a striking likeness to the Royal Family. In order to account for the pains which King George III. was at to shield the Duke of Cumberland from the penal consequences of his crime of bigamy it is alleged that His Ma- jesty himself was also guilty of bigamy, and that this fact was within the Knowledge of his brother and the Rev. Dr. Wilmot, who, on the 17th April, 1759, performed the ceremony of marriage between His Majesty and Hannah Lightfoot. This mar- riage was celebrated twice. On the first occasion the lady was erroneously described as Hannah Wheeler, and hence the necessity far a second solemnization. The first was performed at Kew, the second at Peckham. In the course of Dr. Smith's statement, the Lord Chief Baron, who bitterly complained that such scandals should be raked up without neces- sity, pointed out to the learned gentleman that he stood in this dilemma:—If the alleged marriage between the Duke of Cumberland and Olive Wil- niot took place, then the marriage of their daughter with Mr. Serres was illegal, as being in contravention of the Eoyal Marriage Act; and if, on the other hand, the marriage of the now so called Princess Olive to Mr. Serres was established, supposing such marriage to have been without the royal consent, then clearly the Princess Olive must have been illegitimate, and no marriage could have taken place between her mother and the Duke of Cumberland. Subjoined is an abstract of the subsequent pro- ceedings:— On the case being resumed on June 2 several witnesses were called to prove the birth and posi- tion of Dr. Wilmot and the authenticity of several certificates signed by him. The petitioners' attor- ney also produced a portrait or "The Princess Olive," hut the Court ruled that it was inadmis- sible. Dr. Smith said it would prove by the striking likeness Mrs. Serres's connection with the Royal Family. (A laugh.) It was at any rate moral evidence. — The Lord Chief liaron—As far as I can see the case of the learned gentleman has not much morality in it. Dr. Smith hoped that His Lordship would abstain from expressing such an opinion, at all events for the present. When the Court retired for a short time to luncheon, the picture was exhibited to the spectators, and the reporters stale that "its striking likeness to George IV. was the subject of general remark." The Attorney- General on his return insisted on the portrait being instantly covered up. The whole of the day was occupied in procuring documentary evidence in support of the petitioners' case. On June 7 the evidence as to the handwriting of the documents produced by the petitioners was continued, and Mr. Netherclift was again put into the box, when he made some rather important admissions. After he had deposed to the genuine- hess of the signature "J. Dunning," he was shown some papers written by Lord Ashburton, including his will. and he at once retracted his opinion, stating that he did not think that the documents before the Court could hare been written by the same peisou as had written the Attorney-General's specimens. A paper was put in, whereby Mr. and Mrs. Robert Wilmot acknowledged to have taken the infant child of the Duke of Cumberland, their niece, into their joint protection. Comparing this with Mr. and Mrs. Wilmot's signa- ture to the register of their marriage, he thought it genuine; but on cross-examination he admitted that there were only small similarities and great differences. As the case progressed, the signature of Lord Chatham was admitted by Mr. Netherclift to be a forgery. At the conclusion of this witness's evidence on the afternoon of the 7th, Mrs. Ryves, the "Princess Olive," was examined. The reporters describe her as a very ladylike person, possessing features which very strongly resemble the portraits of the last generation of the royal family, and adds that she demeans herself with the most remarkable ease and self-possession. She gave her evidence very clearly and firmly, she I repeated with emphasis the oath administered to tell " nothing but the truth," and in the course of her examination, when a seat was offered her, she said she was not tired, and she could stand for ever to protect the honour of her family. She was first examined as to her marriage with Mr. Ryves, which she'said she had cause to remember. It took place in November, 1822, at St. George the Martyr, Southwark, and she obtained a decree of divorce from him in 1841. She then proved the birtli of her son, the other petitioner, at Yauxliall, in March, 1833. In 1859 she presented a petition for a decree declaring the validity of the marriage of her fattier and mother, and her own legitimacy —not, she said, from any motive of fraud, but to establish those facts. The petition came on for hearing in 1851. the trial lasted four days, and a decree was pronounced in her favour. The Attorney- General was re presented at tlie hearing by Mr. Welsby and Mr. Roche, and did not oppose it. The proceedings in this suit were put in evidence. Mrs. Ryves then gave evidence as to her early history, she said— I was born in 1797, and 1 remember coming to London from Liverpool with my father and mother when I was only two and a half yeais old. We lived in Hailey-street, at the British School of Artists, which ray father founded. I lived with my father and mother until thcirseparation in ISU3, and after that I lived with my mother. I left school at the age of 13." Ihe petitioners' counsel then pro posed to examine her respecting some declarations made hy Hannah Lightfoot, the alleged wife of George III., and on the Court objecting that they had no evidence that Hannah Lightfoot was the wife of George I1L, two documents professing to be certificates of the marriage were put in, one signed "George P.," the other " George Guelph." The Court, however, declared unanimously their opiuion that these were forgeries, ami declined to permit them to be used. The petitioner then went on to narrate; with exceeding particularity, how the Earl of Warwick made known to her the secret of her birth, how her mother supplied the Bart with means to go to Warwick Castle to hunt up the necessary documents, he being at the rime so poor that he could not find the money himself, being often indeed, as Mrs. Ryves said, unable to buy a sheet of note paper, aud how the Earl satisfied the Duke of Kent as to the royalty of the petitioner's family. "The Duke of Kent," said Mrs. Ryves, " took each of the papers in his hand and examined them, and he expressed himself perfectly satisfied that the signatures of George IlL were in his father's writing, lie acknowledged my mother as his cousin. He said that she was Princess Olive of Cumberland, the only legitimate issue of the Duke's marriage, and that for the future. Lord Warwick being in such a state of health tiiat he might die at any moment, he would take upon himself the sole protection and guardian ship of my mother and me.'" From the petitioner's further evidence it seemed that the Earl of Warwick was under continual obligations to her mother in pecuniary matters. On the sitting of the Court on the 8th Mrs. Ryves was recalled, and her examination resumed. She repeated in substance her previous evidence, and stated, in addition, that the Duke of Sussex, as well as the Duke of Kent, acknowledged the signature of their father to the documents now produced. She also mentioned that she and her mother had frequently received money from the Duke of Kent, and that it was always given by cheque on Coutts's Bank. She was then cross examined at great length by the Attorney-General. It appeared from her evidence that her mother, Mrs. Serrcs, was an astrologist, a ghost-seer, and a literary lady of no small pretensions. She had issued a manifesto to the people of Poland, stating . that site had providentially discovered her descent from the royal family of that country, aud calling i upon them to invite her to the throne. In this paper she stated that her legitimacy as the Duchess of Cumberland had been established by a legal tribunal in England. It appeared further that Mrs. , Serres had published a book, in which she claimed the authorship of "Junius" for Dr. Wibnot. It was stated that when a girl she had taken the manuscript out of Dr. Wilmot's library to scribble in, aud then, fearing his anger, had secreted the j volume, aud it had remained iu her possession J forgotten until it was accidentally discovered by | Mrs. Ryves. Dr. Frazer, a physician, was then examined, and he stated that when a young man, shortly after he < entered the medical profession, he attended upon j the late Princess Olive, as she was then called. He attended her from February 1-32, to February, 1834\. He was introduced by Mr. Macaulay, a lite rary gentleman. He visited her frequeutly, and talked a great deal with her upon a variety of sub i'ects, including politics and her own affairs, and le never had tiic least reason to suppose that she was a person of unsound mind. Since that period , witness had had considerable experience with re gard to insane patients. Tiie Attorney-General detailed the circumstances connected with the case which he would iiavc to lay before the Jury. He alleged that the peti tioner's mother was the daughter of Robert Wilmot, and iu proof of that lie quoted the lioud entered into oil her marriage, in which she was stated to ' he the daughter of that gentleman, and also to Dr. I Wilmot's will, in which she was left a legacy as his j niece and the daughter of his brother Robert Wilmot. He could not help bearing in his tniud, and of representing it to the Jury, that this lady, tlie petitioner's mother, was of disordered mind. In proof of that he read the singular letters which she addressed to the Prince of Wales, and which he referred to in the cross-examination of the peti tioner. These letters ran from 1809 to 1813, and they contained statements of the most exlraordi-1 nary character, showing that her mind was full from beginning to end of insane delusions. In one of them she offered to lend the Prince of Wales £20,000, provided he would grunt her a personal interview even for two hours. This interview she sought in many letters, in others she lamented her poverty, and asked for assistance. Several of these indica'ed that she was a great dabbler in astrology. But the most conclusive part of the case was this—Between the death of the Karl of j Warwick, in May, 181(5, and the death of George III. in ISSO. the stories she gave of her case were inconsistent with each other, and totally inconsistent with the story which she told in 1821\. The first story she published was that she was the illegitimate daughter of the Duke of Cumberland by Mrs Payne, wife of Captain Payne, wiio had gone abroad and never returned, who was a sister of Dr. Wilmot's. And in several of her letters at the time she stated Dr. Wiimot to be her uncle. That was in Slay, 1817. The second story was that she was a natural daughter of the Duke of Cumberland by a sister of Dr. W ilmot's, a lady of large furtuue, whom '.he Duke had seduced under the promise of marriage. Again, in July, ISIS, she wrote to the Prince Itegcnt to the effect that she was told by the Karl of Warwick that she was the daughter of the Duke of Cumberland, who cave linn Jt2,(KW to be paid to her, but which he bad spent, aud was in consequence ashamed to go to the Prince of Wales and unfold the circum stances of her birth. She, however, regretted that, with the death of the Karl of Warwick in 1SK5 all evidence of her birth and parentage liail been lost. And yet the petitioner now came int# the witness box and gave a minute detail of the visits of the Duke of Kent and the Karl of Warwick to her mother in 1815; the production of tiie papers which disclosed all the circumstances of licr title; while in the letter to the Prince P.egcnt her mother distinctly stated that with the death of the liari of Warn ick she was afraid all trace of her parentage was lost. But then in 1821, when the Duke of Kent and George IlL were dead, she told a different story, and alleged that from documents found in a sealed packet, opened iu 1819. she found lliat slid was the daughter of the Duke of Cumber land and his Duchess, Olive Wiluiot, a daughter of Dr. Wilniot. There were a great many sealed packets in this case, hut certainly this was the most extraordinary one. There were several of the documents sai I to he p.oduced iu 1815 which stated that it was Dr. Wilinot's dausliter who married the Duke of Cumberland; and if thcie was truth in the production of these at that time she had no occasion to wait for the | opening of the sealed packet in lSl'J to inform her j of it. if there had been a sealed packet there was no question, front the letters of the peti tioner's mother to the I'rince Regent, that it was opened long before 1819: at all events the docu ments produced now could not have been the same as those iu existence then, for in those documents there is no word of Mis. Payne; and the state ment was plain and distinct that it was Dr. Wil mot's own daughter tha he married to the Duke of Cumberland, wliilc the Karl of Warwick, in a letter to the Princess, spoke of that Olive Wilniot as her "angelic mother." It was not likely he would have so spoken of Mrs. Payne, a married woman, and it was almost incredible that Dr. Wilmot would have married Ids sister, a married woman, to the Duke of Cumberland. As to what was said of the Ko.val Marriage Act, it was out of the question to suppose that the Royal Marriage Act rendered the marriage null. Then it was said this lady was bound to keep certain matters secret until after the death of George III.; hut she had a singu lar way of keeping that secret, for years before the King's death she was perpetually dunning the Prince of Wales with statements of her case. The learned gentleman referred to certain statements made by the Princess in her life of Dr. Wiluiot published in 1813, and a vindication of his claim to tlie title ot "Junius," published in 1817, in order t to show that she paid considerable attention to the comparison of handwriting, as evinced in her statements relative to the manuscript of "Junius" in Mr. Woodfall's possession, and her assertion • that no one could compare that manuscript with l)r. Wilmot's handwriting without being satisfied that they were both traced by the same hand. He next alluded to the letter written by Mr. Bell, the legal adviser of the Princess, to the Secretary of State, in 1821, in furtherance of her claim. These he characterized as begging letters, and that of the most gross chaiacter. There was, in fact, a whole family of such documents, but uoue of them were now forthcoming. On these documents there were 14 names which appeared on the papers now retied on, and 12 which did not so appear. The petitioner had now put in evidence 72 documents. Besides these 10 more had heen produced from the Treasury. In the memorial of 1821 there were 11 more, the originals of which were not now produced, while in the pamphlet published by the petitioner there were 26 more, of which the origi nals were not produced. Altogether the docu ments mentioned as bearing on the case were over 160, while out of the whole only £2 were produced. And what sort of documents were they? Why, they were such that no expert in the world could give evidence of the handwriting from them. With twe exceptions they were all written on little scraps and strips of paper, and all without the water-mark of date. The learned gentleman was proceeding with his address, when the Foreman said he was commis sioned hy his fellow Jurors to express their opinion that there would not be the slightest necessity to call evidence to rebut the case of the petitioner, for in their unanimous view the documents relied upon by her were spurious. The Chief Justice—In that case you only share the opinion of my learned brethren and myself. We have long felt that every one of these papers is a palpable forgery ; nor is there one part of the petitioner's case which agrees with the rest. Dr. Smith then addressed the Jury at some length on the part of the peti tioner; after which the Chief Justice summed up, and the Jury delivered their verdic:. which. stripped of technicalities, was this:—"That no sucn marriage as that alleged between the Duke of Cumberland and Olive Wilmot had ever taken place, and that the so-called Princess Olive was not their legitimate daughter." The' Attorney General then asked that the docnments might be impounded, and intimated that if the case had gone on, he should have been able to prove that Dr. Wilmot was at Oxford at the time of the pre tended marriage in London; and that Lord Warwick before his accession to the title never signed himself "Brooke," but "Greville." The documents were then ordered by the Court to be impounded, and the case concluded. 