PICKINGS FROM PUNCH. THE A-B.C. GUISE. The member for lyueniouth, in his maiden speech, alluded to the "jargon"' by means of } which historical truths are impressed upon the undergraduate mind by coaches; and Sir. Carlyle I more recently denounced the same system at j Edinburgh. Its advantages arc nevertheless con- j siderable. A hoy who has to grasp and retain the ! fact that the Deluge happened before the siege of . Jerusalem, and the latter event before the Norman ' Conquest, has simply to remember the formula ; Dd-secjcr-konk; and by storing in his memory a t few thousand pages of this agreeable reading may have before him all the events of history in their ; ItMnnr nwlnp If tr/llllil slmiVrlacc lin o rrnit-i if fhn I proper order. It would doukdess be a gain if the same information could be conveyed through the medium of sense, and not of nonsense; and we subjoin a short tale which will indicate at least the . principle on which this might be doueI A bald-headed Caotain deliberately every Friday j got horribly inebriated; jabbered (knowing littie, j maybe nothing, of political questions) republican j seniimen:s to uuappreriative visitors, who, cxaspe- i rated, yawned zealously. I Any baby or neglected adult who has yet to learn j his alphabet will find his task materially lightened : if he will begin by mastering (which he will of course do without difficulty) the above engaging narrative. I true courage. That dreadful hoy! -"Oh, ain't Margaret brave, I that's all! East night, when she was in the garden, j i saw a man jump over the hedge, and kiss her. ! She was not a hit afraid, and said nothing about it when she came in A NEW PAPER. (From our Colweil iialchiu-y Correspondent.) You twill he glad to hear I hat there is to he a new journal started in this neighbourhood. It is called the Cehrclf Ila'tioicj Intellect aal Observer, with which will he incorporated l'cpper's Ghost, and the cherubs floating, in the advertisement poster, after Sir Joshua IleyuoMs. A reduction will be made 0:1 t aking a quantity, and schools will he treated with liberally; that is, if the boys subscribe a halfpenny each per week, they shall rective one presentation copy between them. The journal will he published in time tor the earliest trains, even at midnight; as arrangements have been entered into whereby a blank sheet can he issued at any hour, rather than disappoint the subscribers. I Every subscriber will he entitled to a glass of beer, on payment of a lived sum, at any time of *],„ .1... Ci,., is .... the day. The prospectus is as follows:— First, leading articles and sonnets, which will supply a wanted the day. Noiices, conundrums, kettle-drums, and secret intelligence from all quarters of the globe, in- j eluding Leicester-square. A column will be entirely devoted to s ops, such as full-st-ips, semicolons, colons, Ac., &e;„ which the reader can use as he likes throughout the paper. ilait" a column will be given up to broken English. The English will be broken iu type by tile compo sitor and taiente-1 assistants. Every half-hour a haliuou will ascend from the office hearing the editor. Two columns and a-half will lie retained on the establishment for their long services. The second part will be a concert with grand muffin and crumpet solo. There will be addresses to the rea ders every ot her day. delivered from the fro.it window of tiie cilice. Births, deaths, and marriages will be ceiebraicd inside fioia 1U to 4. ! The editor's brother will be at home ail day, and ready to fight any one of his own weight, size, and general persoual appearance. j We shall have shipping intelligence, anecdotes, aud wc shall publish any letters we can get hold of under the heading of. Yours truly. Correspondence. There will be an Indian contributor downstairs. No deception; anyone may see liim through the area-gratiug. There will he live columns devoted to everything that conies too iate for insertion. Whatever appeared iu our last trill he put in our ; next, aud so on. ! We have got Mr. ILuter to lend us a telegram wire, and we intend to do something with it. Sporting intelligence will meet with the most careful attention. A hoy will CG.ue up froul Mr. Dorliug every day to play with the editor. There will ho a bonfire ou Saturday afternoon after office hours, and a dauce of policemen. We shall charge sixpence for the first ten copies, tenpcnce for every succeeding copy, and a small sum, to be named by the clerk as his perquisite, for the last. If our kind friends in front will only reward our endeavours to piease, we can anticipate nothing hat—happiness to the future of a paper which adapts itself so exactly to our wants, o n withe', ; and our West End. Aud so wc bid you heartily farewell. A DANGEROUS COMPANION. Among other scientific uoveities of mechanism, we see advertised just now a "patent seif acting corkscrew." This must be, no doubt, a vastly useful article, but we fancy at the same time it must corkscrew be slightly dangerous. If a self-acting i were admitted to our wine-cellar, there is no knowing what a quantity of corks woulfl be heard popping. Conceive the horror aud dismay of a connoisseur in port at fiuding his self-acting cork screw hard at work, and diawing ali the corks of liis famous "thirty-four," aud still more precious "iveuty!" How crusty he would look at seehig such a waste oi ali his fiae old crusted: A TPrFfil! IV Albion lioLtage. OH England. Dear Punch—I am desirous to be " up, down, fly, and awake" to everything, but the accom panying from the Dj.Ua Telegraph just does knock me over:— "In one thing alone do we difi'er from them— that we will not consent to have a truncated history of the British Empire, eudiug with the apotheosis ofjthe ten-pound householder." I have submitted this to various friends, and they all cry a go, except one 'cute young lady, who thinks it reiers to the underground railway. Can you give a -y information on the subject: and oblige, Yours truly, Nix. " FOLLOW MY LEADER." There's a game that's played in a certain place, Not a hundred miles from St. Stephen's, Far better than rounders, or prisoner's base, Hop-scotch, or odds and evens. This pretty game for Jittle M-F.'s— And woe betide the scceder!— Means " Gu where I like, and vote as I please," And its name is "Follow my Leader." The M.Ik who joins in this nice iiitle game Must never care what's before him; Be it water to drown, or timber to lame, Ali lie has to do's—get o'er 'em. Though a bog's in the way or a nice stiii' clay— Of his steps no picker or wcedcr— He must flounder on as well as he may— 'lis the rale in "Follow my Leader." If he see a gap wide open stand, When his leader a bullfinch lu-lics, He must not swerve to either hand. But fa_e the blackthorn bushes. Though never a rag be left on his back, And every bi iar's a bleeder, He must hark to the whip, aud hunt with the pack— Or it isn't "Follow my Leader." If there's a bridge across a ditch In the line ins leader's waking, And'the leader choo=e to go in full pitch, life head ier lie must be taking. No matter how black, no matter how green, Mud below. and a-top duckweed ate. He must go tile whole hsg, and emerge unclean, But faithful to " Follow my Header." No doubt this nice little Westminster game Can boast its rationale. Though it might be hard to approve the 6amc, Uut of if tuart, cr Miil, or lJaicy.— That when leasou says "Bight," and party No SI. P." is hound to heed Iter, Or he'll find himself put in the stick called "cleft," By the players at " Follow my Leader." You're in the train and must spin along, Nor meddle wilh breaks and buffers; If l oii are right when your party's wrong, And you suv so, your party suffers. As balm for a bruise, or detergent for dirt Piuys your Parliament special plea Vr) — Them's no pain blows, and 110 staiu in dirt, When they're got at "Follow my Leader." THE WORST TOit A HUNEUFD. What kind of nudu m.' cught to he given to a child ailing with a ctuel father.' A mild aperunl! (A ;-iii\'cterj>a-i'<e;tt.) auswia and p;.uss:a; on the gafie of beag. Prussia was a ro.il_.jr, Austria v.r.s a iiiiel; Prussia and Austria _J Stele a Danish lief. Prussia said to Austria. " Leave the swag alone." Austria said to Prussia, t" When you drop your bone." Prussia said to Austtia, " You don't mean to go?" Austria said to Prussia, 14 Oat of Kulsleiu, No." Prussia said to Austria, " Wherefore do you aria:'" Austria said to Pros'ia, "Of i'j.i iu alaaai." Prussia said to Austria, "1 don't mean to light;" Austria said to Prussia, "jl/y intention, (juite." " l}r<<z> votir ivuriiice Sinn;." j\ ns'i i.i said to i'msski, " When yon do the same."' Prussia raid to Austria, " What's the end to be?" Ar.siiiasaid to Prussia, "flit me, and you'll see." Prussia s.-.i 1 to Austria, "Come, tint brag won't do." Austn t said to Prussia, "Sir, the same to you." Prussia sa;.'. to Ans; na, "I'll the Diut try." Anuria said to Prussia, " Thank you, so wilt L" SOCIAL NOTE. Yi'lieii a man uses the phrase " Every 01 what number of persons doas he mean'.' asked lie will probably find tome difficulty in fixing the number at: CONS. FOR THE TRIES. Who were the original bugtrutters? The .Fenians. Why is i'.ie suspension of the Habeas Corpus Act.hi liehuid beneficial to the i'e~: — ' " it quickens their apprehension. A MODE!, MEitCHAST. Quoth the American minister, the other evening, at the ."■'niision House:— " Air. ' leorge Peabody is a singular man. lie is a man of remarkable character, being, 1 might airnost say, a species by himself." Singular maul Yes, verily, there is hut one George Peabody and thousands by him profit. We should like to see this singular made plural, we confess. T he Peabody species is one well worthy of development; and come, there is no harm in hinting how »c might extend it. Imitation is allowed to -be the truest form of flattery. Perhaps i a few of out rich merchants will imitate Ceoi Peabody' Why should they not take a leaf c«„ of his book, and one out of their own cheque books? By his .generous gift fo London he rescues nigh a thousand Londoners from wretchedness and dirt. Why should not half a f.c-jre or so o; our great merchant princes resolve to tlo the like? Thanks to railways And embankments and vallcv j elevations, a number-of poor Londoners are taraed daily oat ..f doors, and know not v.hete to find clean lodging. Don't 'be hadtwmrt i ipd rich ' gentlemen, i/. homing toe poor houstfess. Who wnl hist sir* forward aurk "R-av ditto" to U'^Dtse Peabffdjf 