MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. A Steel Ship is a Cyclone.— It has been said with truth that one faet is worth many theories, and therefore it may be interesting to know what was the behavior of a Bteel ship under trying circumstances, particularly as the homogenooui qualities of the steel plates u«ed in shipbuilding have been called in question. Recently, the clipper ship Clytem nestra, Captain Stewart, belonging to Messrs. Jones, Palmer, & Co., arrived in the Mersey, with a large cargo of jute, &c;, after weathering the disastrous Calcutta cyclone. She is a steel-built vessel, three eighth inch plates, of 1,250 tonB register, launched by Messrs. Jones, Quigqin. & Co., now the Liverpool Shipbuilding Company, in April, 1864, and next month left on her first voyage for Calcutta. At the time of the cyclone she was lying in the river at Calcutta, and encountered the full force of the storm. The following brief account of the hurricane is from the pen of the chief mate:— 'The morning of October 5, 1864, commenced with strong winds and thick drizzling rain. 8 a.m., had gale and tremen dous squall*, with thick constant rain. From 8 «.m. until noon gale rapidly increasing and barometer falling fast, with very threatening appearance. 2 p.m., tremendous gale and most terrific squalls, with thick rain and dismal appearance. The ship* attached to the same moorings below us began to break adrift, with saila blown from the yards and top gallant masts gone. 3.30 p.m., hurricane at its height, blowing to terrifically hard that it was im possible to stand on deck without holding on. At »???* «i«ba-o wui7 ftuaiauro wwvr uuoiu uar«QU| v*** ?— up were all blown from the yards, and the topgallant mast went with the foretopmast. When the bower chain parted we swung out ?tern on to the gale, and held on for a few minute*, when in a tremendon» burtt of wind our stern chain parted, and away wa drove across the river, before wind and tide, at a frightful rate, smashing into several ships on our way. Finally, we were brought to a standstill on the opposite side of the river, and became a target forth* one-half of the ships in Calcutta. One wooden ship driving up struck upon our ?tarboard quarter, walking right through the upper part of our stem, and robing the poop deck. Three or four ships were constantly pitching into our main rigging, being aU Cut together, wad ?mashing and tearing away at every thing thenoa forward. At -4J0 p.m., two iron ship* and one wooden one drove right into us abaft the foreriggiag, carrying awmy chain plates and rails. One of their bowsprits struck the foramast. and, with a ffftrful crash, the foremost fell over the port side, almost burying a small vessel that was fast to as. The rigging of the foremast was totally gone. Some time before the mast went, it brake 'tween decks, tearing up the main-deck, and breaking two beams. 680 p-m, wind abating very fast, and barometer rising, with fine weather. Ship laying almost a helpless wreck.' Captain Stewart calculate* that, at coe time or other during the cyclone, at ieaat 80 7e*cels ran into them. The toughness of the plates wa* something astonishing. At one point abaft the fonrigging the Otytemnestra was struck at the sheer streak with terrifo force by an iron vessel, the Glen Roy, of over 1,000 ton* burden. The only efeet wa* a compaiatiraly alight asnt in on* of the piatea, and not the slightest sppH-ch U , a fcsctura stem on More forward, the continual h««n«W* .*„ JJ^l Imm VMsels bed beaten the bulwark* level with the &CSh; Eitoih. wiof thefo«»uj, Jy ;« remoV.1 of iU .upporU. The P»«^ »^'* ?£ bulwark* were, however, ao tenacious that ««£'* prizr-d b*ck to their original petition, and msas 10 dodutyagein without the aid of the '«'''' another p.rt of the bulwark* a piste b**^11 partially knocked out, and, etching ?«^'' the side of ihe other ve*»J, had b«*n rolled up a. perfectly m ? shart of pspsr could be. In the etern between the upp« «e« ?nd the poop, *ereral plate* had been driven 1 m V «* petted blow, from ? heevy wooden ship ; but here the . ?plendid quality of the meUl composing the p»ie* , wits admirably proved. They end the angle* were| twisted into a hundred bntutio fornw, in tome esse* doubled and redoubled, but in no c»«e w«* there a crack or fracture that indicated any brittlene** in the metal. Notwithstanding all the herd usage *ne received, tho Clytemnestr* did not make one drop 01 water, and afterward* made a voyage fothe M*nritiu», back to Calcutta, and thence home, with no further repairs to her hull than tho *hip'e carpenter «m* «ble to rff.;ct. This wonderful strength i« in lfwJI sufficient recommendation, but when wo find *tcrf VPBseln ponsesKing one-third greater carrying capacity and a considerably less draught of water, their advantages are self-apparent. If the ClyUmne«tra had been an iron ship, her increased draught of water would not havo permitted her to get into dock until to-day. She ia now lying on tho north »ide of the Stanley Dock, and is well desorving of a visit. — Liverpool Albion. Extraordinary Crime. — A mclam-holy instance of village depravity was disclosed at a trial o few day* ago before the Assize Court of Strasboiirgli. In a haml«t of thu Bas Rhin, called Eywillrr, there lives a poor day laborer named Peter Zimmerman. His family^connists of a wife, who is epileptic, a daughter named Catherine, aged 26, and a second daughter named Margaret, 16 years old, who from her birth hns been paralysed, half idiotic, and unable to walk. On June 17 Zimmerman and his wife went to work in the fields, and Catherine shortly afterwards told hr.r sifter that she wns going to find thrm. Margaret remained at home, tilting helpless, as was her wont, upon a three- legged stool. Shortly after her sister had left her a spectral form, draped in white, entered I he cottnge, and, holding nut a cup ordered her to drink the content*. On her refusal the ghost-like visitor inserted its thumb in her mouth and attempted to force it open. She bit the thumb so sharply that the ppectre threw down the cup and disappeared The Bcreams of Margaret brought neighbor* to the house, and they perceived a strong odour of phosphorus. They interrogated her and learned her fearful story. While they were yet in the house, Catherine, the elder sister, returned, ami it was at once remarked that her thumb was wrapped up in a piece of rag. She said she bad cut her thumb, but an inspection of the wound showed that it proceeded from a bite. When arrested she con fessed that being tired of the work which the help less state of her sister imposed upon her, she hurl pounded a quantity of ends of Iucifer matches in milk, and had attempted to make her sister drink the mixture. The Jury, with that leniency which so ofter shocks consciences not French, found that this horrible crime, committed with treasonable disroganl of the ties of relationship, and the peculiar claims to mercy of s cripple and an idiot, was entitled to the benefit of 'extenuating ciicumstance?,' and in con sequence Catherine was only sentenced to five years' imprisonment with hard labor. — Daily News. Propagation of Cholera. — Our readers will remember a report on the origin and spread of cholern which was prepared by Colucci Bey, and which appeared in our columns a few weeks ago. Colacci Bey is the Minister of Health for Egypt, and his report was intended primarily for the information of his own Government, but also for the information of the Kuropean Powers. The Minister expresses the confident opinion that cholera is engendered among the vaBt crowds of pilgrims who annually gather around Mecca, the holy city of the Mohammedan world, and that it is by them spread over Europe. The pilgrims live during their journey, and during their stay at the holy place, in an unutterably filthy manner, and as they must not change their clothes all the time of the pilgrimage, but bring back the polluted rags to be distributed as relics to their friends, it may be easily imagined that the pilgrim caravans must be tolerably efficient conductors ol contagion. A hundred thousand of thoso poor wretches are said to have perished of cholera and kindred diseases during this year's pilgrimage ; and, according to usage, the clothes of the dead would be carried home unwashed by their friends, to be given as holy relics for distribution among their relations. The French G-overnment has investigated the statements contained in this report, and hue apparently satisfied itself that they contain a tru-- Hccount of the manner in which cholera has beeii imported into Europe. It is proposed that on the next attempt to lav an Atlantic cable two separate ones should be used. The shore ends being seoured at Valentia and Newfound land, the cables may be paid out simultaneously ; when arriving at a certain point a splice may be made, and the entire cable committed to tin deep. Ha1! this course been adopted the late fatal lisasrer would have been avoided. — Notes and Queries. A report that Dr. Hanna contemplated leaving the Free Church and joining the Established Church of Scotland is contradicted. 