OfB) BOYS. A jrAiuuivi) old boy is a jiaiiilul and humilia ting object. Ho is often, without knowing it, affording 11s much amusement to his wife as to any one else, for as 110 man is a hero to his yoko-l'cllow, tho effort of the old hoy to figure Idllingly in strange oyos must strike those of his lawful spouse as singularly ridiculous and ineffectual. Old boys are tho last to com prehend this; thoy aro not awaro of the hope less, dreary contempt which women ontcrtain for the husbands .who prove false to their love, or their ambition, and how quietly thoy can en joy tho dishonest airs and grimaces which the elderly fool puts on for others in their presence. Often, too, when matters grow notorious, tho slighted ladj' lias consolations of which the world and the old hoy are ignorant. What does she lo30 in him ? \\\ro have nothing in our social stato so con- tomptable as tlio married old boy'. Ho is so utterly and so irritatingly at variance with our notions of what an old man ought to be, that it wc wcro not accustomed to tlio character, wo should regard it as positively monstrous. The horrible anecdotes one of those dotards will tell you aflcr dinner or in tho smoking- room will disgust you moro with humanity than if you rose fresh from reading an account of Swift's Yahoos. When he lias grown sons or daughters lie is, if possible, moro revolting. Bcforo thom wo will not conceive him offensive, but wo have seen a married old hoy positively order his. eldest son out of tho way while lie sat mumbling before a young girl, and picking out doating compliments, which, it may be remarked, aro current coin with okl boys. To note thoso fiuo fellows doddering about the freshest flowers 111 a hall-room is in amusement calcu lated to try tho temper. Wo are not to ho misunderstood, there are old gentlemen with wive3 anil without, with whom the sjiarlc of real chivalry is quick, niul who are ready to fetch, to carry, to run, or to bow, with a faith ful nnd touching deference, which may fairly challeugo tho youngest squire of dames to a rivalry at least for a placo in a lady's good grases. In them wo road a lesson which our generation might profit hy ; in tho othors wo read a lesson too, but it is a lesson like that which tho Greek child learned when the Helot was made to illustrate tho warning addressed to him. To bo 1111 old boy is really au awful fate. Tlio very name implies an unnatural conjunction, to bo old without tho wisdom of age, aud young without tho attrac tions of youth.— There is a weird story repeated by Addison from Plato. Accounting for ghosts appearing in churchyards, the Spectator used a sujiposition of 'tho philo sopher's who conceived that thoso who died with fierce and unsubdued desires, wlieii freed from tho body wcro punished by a perpetual longing, aud au utter impotence to rojioat their pleasures. I11 the miserable effort to possess tlio body they haunted tho urns niul graves. We can hardly imagine a more dreadful torture limn tin's, and it seems to havo been specially iuventod for tho punish ment of old boys. Wc may take it for granted that tho con- difion of old boyhood is the sequel of a misspent manhood. Earnest workers or thinkers become quiet family men, who wait calmly until tho scene closes 011 them. And oven amongst those who aro of the bachelor persuasion there are uot a few honest trumps who never exhibit old hoy ism. Old hoys aro mostly shallow-paled, to add to thoir other charms. They never care for music or pniut- ing, nl though they may jiretend to go into eestaeics over " Enust " or " My Second Sermon." Books delight thom ri6T, but they depasture 011 uowspnpors and club gossip. It is tlicy who mostly buy those ovil jiictoires which nrc advert ised— wo regret to write it — in English journals. Old boys slink into " Einisiics," niul patronise Cydor Collars. They take private boxes for ballot per formances. They hear tho chimes at midnight. It is from thom chiefly that loose songs aro composed. They aro an uugoninl, selfish, disreputable race, ned tho women should set their faces against thom. Tlicy ought to know that 1111 old hoy soldom marries, and that if he docs, and retains his old boyism, thoy aro in for it . wcofched existence. To tliuso who aro ready to accept an old boy with money wo linvo nothing to say ; and to thoso who permit tho innocent attentions of such a. juvonilo with a view to milking him jiay for tlioin, wo need only say that thoir tnsto, not to mention solf-rcspect, is qncstiounblo. But Indies ought to give tho old boy tho cold shoulder. Ho assumes thoir tolcrauco as a. license, and basks in it. Dor his own sake ho ought to bo stirred uj), and sent off. Ho is. living m a day-dream, to winch a sorry awakening: is in sl.oro for him. H- n lady, wants to rid horsolt ot- an old hot', lot-, hot., only -evoiv so slightly pross tlio corn ot his age, ancl the thing is dono. Lot her spoalc at tlio top of lior voico to him, as it ho wore doaf, beg of lain to rest frequently when nscouding a lull,- request lain to sit out of tho draught between the koyholo and tho fireplace, in quire after las cough, or exorcise any other cruel kindness, and the old boy will disajipoar. Wo prcsont our fair readers with thoso snnjilo rocaios, but would not limit thoir ingenuity to them. — Saturday Ilcvwiv. 