ST. JUDE'S EPISCOPALIAN CHURCH, CARLTON. LATIKG OP THE FOUNDATION STONE. The ceremony of laying tho foundation stone or the above structure was performed at four p.m. yes terday, by the Right Rev. Dr. Perry, Bishop of Melbourne. There was a very moderate atten- dance. Amongst the clergy present on tho occa- sion were tho Very Rev. the Dean of Mel- bourne, and the Rev. C. S. Perry, Wollaston, S. L. Chase, J. Barlow, Walker and Thompson. The site of the new building is in close proximity to the temporary wooden structure in which divine service has been for some months past performed. Considerable progress has already been mado with the walls of tho new erection, which is of bluestone, and the foundation so-called stone was laid nearly in the centre of the erection. The stone was suspended by puileys from a shears, and from the summit of the shears strings of flags were suspended in lateral directions. The following description of the new building was furnished to the press for general information : — The building is to consist of a main body or nave, measuring 73 ft. by 42 ft. ; chancel, 23 ft. by 12 ft. ; vestry, 12 ft. by 11 ft. 6 in.; and the tower, which also forms an entrance porch. The highest point of the ceiling is 44 ft. from the floor, the height of apex of roof 56 ft. from floor, and the height from ground to apex of tower roof 135 ft. The portion at present to be built is the vestry, chancel, and a portion of the main body, measuring 42 ft. by 55 ft., leaving the remainder of the body and the tower to be built at some future time. The walls aud buttresses are to be of brick, placed on a high battering plink of bluestone rubble work. It is to have a slated roof, the ceiling to take tho form of a polygon, leaving a space between it and tliu slating, for the purposes of cooling and ventilating tne church. The style of architecture adopted had been sug gested by tho pointed Gothic of Northern Iiuly. Iu consequence of tho scarcity of a good and proper. Duildiug stouo in this part of Italy, hriokwork has attained a degree of excollenoe and elegance not elsewhere fouud iu Europe. Here iu Melbonrne we are placed in not dissimilar cir cumstances. Our bricks aro excellent. The only other available building material is bluestone, whioh, although. very excellent iu its ivny, is dingy iu color, aud cannot be used for ornamental and architectural building purposes, except ot a cost whioh places it out of reach for many purposes, j Brickwork has, theroforo, been selected, tho archi tect belioving that a better effect can be produced for the samo outlay. The general face of the work is to be executed in tho dark Hawthorn bricks, with red aud whito qui'ins, arches, traoery aud other ornamental feature, frooatoue being sparingly used for epongers, drips, Sea. The slates of the roof are to be arranged in ornamental pat torus. The ceiliug is to bo plastered, boing divided iuto panels by the timbers of the roof. The prin cipals, whieh are note, bed aud otherwise ornamented, rest in freestone oorbits. The cost of the wholo is estimated at £6000. The portion about to be erected will cost £2000, and afford uocommodatioa for 300 persons. When completed, there will be sittings for 600 porsous. Moasra Reed iv;d Barnes, of Elizabeth-street, are the architects ; Mr John Pigdou, of Carltou, tho builder. The Rev. C. S. Perry opened tho proceedings by reading the 29th chapter of tbo lirat book of Chronicles, and afterwards repeated the creed, the prayer for the Queen and her Ministers, tho Lord's Prayer, and several others. The Bishop next read a special pn y-ir, composed by himself for the occasion. The Rav. Mr Perry thou exhibited to tbo assem blage the bottlo dostined to bo placid :ti tho cavity made for the purpose in tho foundation stone, aud read a list of its contents aB follows : — 'BT. jude's CHURCH CARLTON. 'In the bottle deposited under tho fouudation stonn of tho above church, whieh stone was this day laid by the Right Itsverend Chas. Perry, D.D., first Bishop of Melbourne, is placed a list of subscribers to the building fund ; a scroll of parchment containing tho names wf the minister, trustees, building committee, architect and builder of the church ; a stntemont of when and by whom the stoue was laid ; a copy of the Government Qazcllc of tho tenth day of July, a.d , 1866, on which appears the notice of the appointment of the trustees. The Molbourno newspapers of the day ( Argua, Age and Herald), the Church News of the 7 ill inst., gold, silver, au.t copper coins of her Mujosty'a realm, and photographic likenesses of his Excellency the honorable Sir John il. T. Manners Sutton, K.C.B., tho fifth Governor of tbo colony of ? Victoria; the Right Rev. Charles Perry, D D. , bi hop, &c.;, the Rev. Hussey Burgh Macartney, first dean of Melboumo; the Rev. C. Stuart Perry, first minister of the said church. ' Dated this eighteenth day o£ October, a.d. 1S6G.' Tho Bishop next weut through tho usual formula of laying the stouo, and said, ' I lay this founda tion atone of a church, to bo called St. Jude's Churoh, in the name of the Father and of tho Sob, and of the Holy Ghost, and I dedicate it the Apostle Jude.' The Bishop next invited tho assemblage to join him in singing the 380th hymu, omitting tho 4th verse. The opening vorso was : — Tliis stone to-day in faith we lay, We build a temple Lord to tliea ; Thine eye be opeu night and day, To guard this houoe and sanctuary. The hymn having beon duly sung by the as- t semblage, ThuBianop said they had met together that after noon for the purpose of laying tho foundation stono of a new ohurcb. Tbos-i present would observe that the walla were already partly built up, but the ceremonial iu which they wer» er-ragait was the formal luyiug of the foundation stone. He was not goingto speak at any length, ua ho would have an opportunity of addrestiug them agiiu, nfier tho tea, that evening. His intebtion was moroly to express tho object for which they had mot that afternoon. The objoot of solemnly laying tho foundation Btone was not to hare a proc.'s^ion of the clergy iu thoir different dresses, and by that moms, (o make a dis play, nor to gather peop'o together to iiear upceclies for their interest or atuuseuiont, nor even to excite an interest iu tho object of the as.si-.uMui,'e itself, nor even to collect the Hhillings, fjvo, eign-, or half crowns whioh would brdepo9in d upon tho foundation stoue, thongh the building eouitniiioe would, uo daubt, be glad to rcceivo these offerings. But the object of the ceremonial was to ask Gmi'd bb-sing on the work, and to pray that it might he begun, continued aud ended in God. He oftou tl. ought iliatif people knew, as thoy ought to know, tho value of prayer, they would make moro use of it, for thero was nothing in which men wero engaged for which they ought not to ask God'a blessing. They ought to ask it at the heginuiug, and if Gad allowed thom to complete tho work, thoy ought to give him thanks when it was done. VVhntrver work they were engaged iu thoy w.uld not havo the blessing of God iu it without prayer, and all happineaB in tho present :h'o, aa ull prospect of it in the life to come, sprang from t no blessing of God. Aud if this held good with regard to work generally, how much moro truo was it of a work like that in which they were thou ongige.i. They wore building a houso of Go-t, i-i which the boys around them, somo of them too youu,/ to appreciate the ocoaaiou, aud their cliiJdiu.'a children for generations wonld hear the v.oid of God, the only word that could mnlie in c wite unto salva tion. In that buildiug they would be baptised into tho visible Cuuich of God. To that elm eh youn' people. would come, to be united n: i -??- holy bonds of matrimony, and he hoped nil '.Le voting people would come for that purpose, for Le helioved there was a blet- sing upon mairinge ; r.ad (c 'but church he could wish that the bodi--» of many of them would ,ba brought, to iiuvo ria'! over them that beautiful chapter of '.be EwaUo to the Corinthians; but that unfortunately ischuria] ground of Melbourne was so far reuamled /r;i:u the nhnrnhnn I that many were deprived of bavins: the i tirial ser vice read over them io their chnrcb-js lie would conclude with tho euruest oi a hope that, ua the work was begun i : . prayer, so it wouid bo oirried on ; so that at k'-t it would he ended io God, and that if h - liw.! ,:ml was pre served in his present offico be would bi-.ve tho op portunity of preaching at it:' ep. .r.tr?; service, and thereafter set it apart to G ? J bv another ceremo nial. Mr Henry Henty next addrnseL'' iiio assemblage. He said ho had been selected a.i cue ui J:o trustees, to make a very short statement u? :h« nflairs of the churoh. At the eommuccemc-Qt ef tiie present year, wheie iho foundation bnd jus' been laid, and where the adjicent building!; sto'.ri. v., is a vacant auddesi-late .piece of ground. hud then been done cowards providing ei:ar.-b accom modation. Shortly aftersve.riln , fforfc was made, and tho re.'ult, w.us tbe erection of the present temporwy b-jibiin;:, :-f a coat of about £220. Iu it divine scrviee been regu larly conduoted to a largo, attentive, rer^-ctful and increasing congregation. Within to.' 1 «st six months the proceeds of pew rants si;d the offertory amounted to £120) giving, moreover, ho though ,, v. ry fair promise ot future increase. The -oommitt'-o, seeing the success whioh had attended their efforts, aud 'led ou by the Rev. Mr Perry, who hud bceu indefatigable in his exer tions, und ulso by tbe liberal offer of M Pigdon, commenced the erection of the new build ing, the expenditure upon which had already amounted to £400, and the total proposed cost ol whioh was about £2200. Tho building, when completed, would accommodate about 300 persons. He felt satisfied that, as the committeo had been hitherto snccea&fnl;, they woald continue to be so to the end, not only in completing the church, bat also in getting it out of debt. Hi had already alluded to the efforts of the Rev. Mr P^rry, but he would again express his conviction that by that rev. gentleman's efforts the interests of the parish, both spiritual and temporal, would bo eared for. Under Nebemiah, the Jews of old built up the walls of Jerusalem, becanse tbey liad their minds in tho work, and bo tho promoters of tho Our .Oi jof St. .Tndn n-ould succecd, because their minds were in tho work. Mr \YALKbii, uuuiuer oi the trustees returned thanks on b^balf of the meeting to ' one whom they all loved,' his Lordship tho Bishop, for his attendance on tho occasion. He hoped that all pre sent would contribute to tho offering about to bt laid ou the stone. Thero was an epidemic abroad which he trusted they would not be bfllicted by — u sort of tightness in tho chest, which prevailed iu most parts of tho colony, and whioh he would de scribe as the diseaso of thoso who bad gold in thoii pockets, silver on their tongues, brass in their faces, and iron in thoir hearts. The proceedings then terminated with prayer. THE TEA MEETING. Intho evening a teac meeting, in commemoration of the preceding event, was hold in the Trades Hall, Lygon-streot. Tho Bishop presided, and there were about 600 persons present. Addresses suitable to the occasion were delivered by the Right Rev. -Chairman, tbe Very Rev. the Dean of Mel bourne, the Rev. Ribt. Barlow, S. L. Chase, Walker, C. S. Perry, and Mr H. Henty and other gentlemen. Selections of music wero performed during the evening by the choir of St. Judo's Chnrch, acting under tho direotion of thoir con ductor, Mr H. B. Graver. Tho proceedings did not terminate until a late hour. 