LITERARY GOSSIP. "Artemus Ward " has been engaged by Punch, in "which he has commenced a series of English sketches from an American point of view. Sis contributions cannot be said to improve the journal. A volume lias appeared, called " Selections and Old," with a preface*from the pen of the Bishop of Oxford. The Globe evening newspaper has passed into the hands of a new proprietory, and wili be published in October, at the' reduced pit^of twopenfc& " it affl' change from a Whig to a GonservativeGovern ment organ. A series of letters is being published in the Paris journal L'Evenement, as from the ghost of Joseph Addison. Judging from the trans lated specimens given by a correspondent of the Athenaeum, the essayist's style is not very happily imitated. In the dearth of more interesting Literary Gossip we take from a correspondent the follo'wing of two new periodicals which have appeared in Dublin':—One is called 'The Ghost of Watty Cox/ and pretends to be an organ of the national party. The articles advocate an exclusive encouragement of Irish talent, art, and manufactures. With one of the numbers is a cartoon, representing John Bull as a bloated tyrant, supported by a demon Libelled "Orangeism "and countless troops of soldiers and artillery men, keeping an. Irishman prostrate while Erin' vainly -appeals for mercy. Oppositeare a few badly armed patriots. In the background are battalions of Irish, and American soldiers, while Canada is seen unprotected. The obvious meaning of this is evaded by "the —printed explanation, which suggests that \- America, for some unexplained reason, is . peeping .the Irish from Canada. But why . is the paper calledthe ' GnostofWatjfcy Cox P*. Who was he? He was a gunsmith, who, 'having witnessed some of the scenes of '08, Resolved upon becoming author, and after wards ~ carried on a *' patriotic" magazine .-from 1807 to 1814. He suffered imprison ment and the pillory; but, as these amenities , failed to secure his adhesion to the Govern ment, It was suggested to Sir Arthur Welles ley that it would be well to buy up'Watty Croc, who was represented as " the m'ostable, luid if not secured the most formidable, man . in Ireland" and boughtuphe wasiaccordingly. . The other periodical is called* Paddy Kelly's . Budget of Fun/ and is a mongrel imitation , of the London 4 Satirist' of BO years ago. It deals largely iri gross personalities, exempli fied by giving the names and addresses of \- certain private 'individuals frith playful ■ €pithetsattachcd,as " curly-headedh oia-bug, • " herring-mouthed cod" (DubHn slang for ^blockhead), and 44 mutton-headed blubber," . ;and accusing them of disgraceful 'conduct, f note"warns ^ mbscribera w^ • have expired " that they will probabiy form subjects for attack mnless they pay promptly. ^ ■ A German weekly newspaper has been established at Birmingham. ' A lively young magazine put forth its first Jmdand Ieltf oh the 1st of this month. It rejoices trader &e; -name of thfe SpM.ix, &ri;& advertises the cheerful iact-^a inquiring minds-—that 12 double acrostics are ready for the-admiring public whenever that public: chooses to give one penny each acrostic, or sixpence for the lot. "Spanish Papers, anil other Miscellanies, hitherto unpublished or uncollected,*' by Washington Irving, is the name of a work shortly to appear in New York. It will be -in two volumes, and most of the matter is now first printed from -the original MSS. The fir St Volume contains "The Legend of Don Roderick," uThe Legend of Count Julian and his Family," 44 The Legend of Pelayo," andbtherSpanishsubjects. Thesecond consists of sketches and reviews. Senor de la 'Barrera, the Spanish biblio graphical writer, is about to publish -a new life, of Lope de Vega, founded on documents hitherto unknown, and comprising a series of the poet's Autograph letters. It is rumoured in literary circles 'that the Emperor of the French, as soon as be has concluded his "Caesar," will undertake the life of Charlemagne; had his majesty not -already collected notes for this biography one; -might imagine that he had been inspired with the idea by the report that the -Pope was about to restore the " donation " to the heir) of the great French conqueror. j Baron Haussmann has just published the first volume of his topographical history of old Paris, and has. ordered diggings to be made in the court of the Louvre, to ascertain matters with respect to which he will have to give details in the second volume. I Arrangements have been made for erecting a. monument to the memory of Henry Kirke White iu the church of Wilford, uearifotjting- j ham, his favourite resort. The edition of " Elaine " by Alfred Tenny- j son, illustrated by Gustave Dore, will be published in December. Two new volumesof Mr Froude's " History of England" will appear early in October. They will he entitled "The Reign of Eliza beth," Vols. III. and IV., being the I^inth and Tenth Volumes of "The History of England from the fall of Wolsey to the Death of Elizabeth." A hew work by Mr C. R. Weld, entitled j " Florence, the New Capital of Italy/' will be ready next month. A Berlin publisher has issued a translation of the war correspondence of the Times, both from the Prussian and the Austrian camps. A new Roman Catholic newspaper has appeared under the title of the Universal Ex press. 