IRISH HATRED OF ENGLAND., (From the Esatm'ner, Feb 24th.) The reason why Dr. Fell was hated could not be fathomed, but hated Dr. Fell was, not a jot the less thoroughly and bitterly. And Dr. Fell's case is the case of England in the feelings of the lower and not a few of the upper Irish. Now a. hatred without reason is a hatred the most stub,; born and lasting for nothing that can be done can operate upon it. Not that the Irish hatred) of England was originally without cause, as far many years the English yoke was a iicavy,gnlllng yoke to Ireland, but the juster rule of the last forty years, which has left few grievances in redressed, has not eradicated the animosity which was provoked by previous lnisgovcriimeiit. The effect survives the peccant cause But this is not all There is a want of affinity between Irish' and English, and generally they do not like' each other. The Irish is a warmer, more genial, mofa impulsive temperament, and antipathies to us by the English coldness and phlegm. and the Irish are not singular, it must be confessed, in their dislike of us. Most people have the same prejudice, and call us sullen, proud, interrogate, If they knew us better- they might judge us leas unfavorably ; but this reminds us of the argument of Charles Lamb, who, when asked how he could have a people he did not know, answered, "And pray, how could I hate them if I did know them,?" Ill will is best nursed in ignorance. Sixty years ago how we hated the French ; it was a point of patriotism, and the greatest warrior of the time, Nelson, held the then common opinion 1 that we were natural enemies. Wellington, of a later date, and who had more knqivledgV'p^ the people with whom he had battled m I Spain, had none of the national prejudice and with the improved intercourse between the two people, it may be said to have passed away from, us, what lingers yet being on the French aide, where it is a tradition kept up by several causes. Our prosperity is resented, and the English demeanour which is supposed to be encouraged by it is exceedingly obnoxious to people whose pride takes another turn, and who revolt against what they call our insular arrogance. That there is some fault of this kind is not to be denied, but for the most part we believe there is mere j awkwardness than arrogance in the case. As for" 1 the highly-bred people, they are much the same of all nationalities. ' v ' If in France traditions, of here, are kept up, his dislike to manners and deportment, the pOS.e M ! different in America, where there is' prejudice against the nation, b"ut none against individuals, sure of a warm hospitable reception if they deserve it. Also in Ireland the Englishman who, conducts himself well, and gives himself no airs | of superiority, is respected, and perhaps something more, though his country is charged with every ungenial, ungenerous, and unjust hijfiC But is not all this prejudice on the wane % knot are we not seeing the fag end of it % as if, seasonal it were, going downhill, or, as, Sydney Smith said' of ghosts, descending from the drawing-room to the kitchen ? hatred of England moved]' by rebellion in 1798 men of all classes?; continues priests, lawyers, motors, as. well', "send peasants. But there is llano "I 'Acorns f'chUis.u,& an estate of Jens operate abaron very low; love). And so rXlC seems prawn or. wearing out, sinkings? and lower, Cough with an extensive surface. 1 probably numerically there has never been more disaffection in Ireland, but the stratum is of sand whose many grains have he, cohesion. There are none of the leaders, of 18.41, much less of 698. The Thames fly from it, We are not without hopes, therefore, that the present may be the last occasion for coercion, and it should be followed, as soon, as. circumstances will allow, by measures for the removal of the few remaining causes of complaint. First-aid Foremost of these stands the Church not of dry, land, and though it is not a practical grievance, nor one SO much taken to heart by the Catholic. peasantry, it is sign of subjection that ought to he pulled down, Every intelligent Irish Catholic sees written on the Protestant Church Establishment Sto Vos non votes. It is a standing affront, in memorial of conquest in the shape of the gross injustice that the strong can do the weak. The land question, however is the main trouble, of Ireland, and it comes not from any fault allies,' State, but from long habits and usages between owners and occupiers. It lies, therefore, more in the domain of equitable. private management thin of legislation. Parliament may, nevertheless, with great advantage investigate the relations of landlord and tenant in Ireland, and the diverse holdings of land. To bring the facts prominently forward would be a step towards some better arrangements. Ireland wants industry in two shapes, capital which is hoarded labor, and the regular daily labor which constitutes the profitable industry w a people. She has a great multitude of laborers whose amount of labor is little, partly from the small holdings in parts of the country, and partly from the religion with its many days of fast and festival withdrawn from secular employments. We should like to know how many days are given to labor by the occupier of a small plot of land. How many days he?, cultivation requires, how many his Church. And what the total of work and of idleness. The North needs no such inquiry. England is charged with being a cruel step- mother to Ireland, but the tendency is now rather to spoiling the child. The suspension of the Habeas Corpus is no proof to the contrary, it is an exceptional measure for a temporary danger. For the rest, what part of the kingdom is so much coaxed and indulged in Ireland ? Could Scotland, for example, have got a Galway contract and subsidy ? Can Wales obtain an exemption from the operation of the Cattle Plague Act? When Ireland asked for a prohibition of the import of cattle, was she not instantly indulged ? And was it not out of tenderness that she is spared the infliction of the Cattle Extirpation Bill, though localities as free from disease are subjected to it After all, we believe that Ireland has more reason to complain of her own sons than as Englishmen, many of whom are her true friend!. It is an old saying current in Ireland, that if an Irishman is spotted for roasting, another will always be found to turn him. And this Fenian conspiracy could never have been discovered M completely as it has been unless the conspirators had been false to each other to a great extent. To hold and pull together for evil or good to not an Irish In bit, at least not in the South.' The usual thing is a game of ninepins, in which the men are set up to knock each other down. ' 'f 