NEW ZEALAND. By the Claud Hamilton mail steamer we have papers to the 8th instant from Hokitika, to the 6th from the Grey River, thefts from Nelson, and the 3rd from Wellington A melancholy boat accident had occurred on the morning of the 7th, by which two men, named John Agnew and William Martin, lost their lives at the South Beach, Hokitika Agnew, aged 24, was a native of Bangor, a seaport town in the county Down, Ireland Martin belonged to Plymouth, and was over 40 years of age The n at Cons' Times of 4th instant says -The Rangatira, which left for sydney via Greymouth yesterday, will carry wit- her between 11,000 07 and 12,000 67 of gold dust, the produce of W estland held. Of this quantity, 5013 07 passed through the Hokitika Custom-house, and it is expected that Greymouth will contribute between 8000 or and 7000 07 The Hokitika "i engine Was of the 30th ultimo states that Mr. Roberts a chemist in Hokitika, has discovered a process for separating the fine gold from the sand, by means of dissolving; the gold and after wards precipitating it with little or no loss of weight I like other solvents, the compound discovered by Mr. Roberts is said to be perfectly harmless, and contains 97 25 percent, of water We are told that several experiments has-; proved the success of the discovery, but the process is slow, occupying several days An action for libel against the Nelson Colonist, by Messrs. Carter Brothers, of Nelson, for alleged slanderous remarks in that journal, was concluded on 27th ultimo, after occupying the Court two days The jury were discharged by consent of both parties without coming to a verdict, each party paying their own costs. The trial of James Wilson alias Murray, for the murder of George Dobson, commenced on the 4th instant It was still proceeding, at the date of our latest advices, viz on the 8th. Sullivan's examination in-chief had closed, and his cross-examination was to open the day after Tiif Mawawatu Block away - The ghost of this most troublesome of land purchases has not yet, it would seem, been finally lad, despite an amount of exorcism that might have been supposed competent to dispose of every land title in New Zealand. The V. Wellington At her fit of the 27th has the following on the subject it was very currently rumoured in town yesterday that his Excellency the Governor had determined to put a veto on the purchase of the Manawatu block. It was even and that, on Monday, his Excellency had an interview with Parakylia and others of the recusants, and. had endeavoured to persuade them to give their consent, but without avail. On making inquiries in the proper quarter we were informed that his Excellency does not intend to restrain the purchase Same paper of December 3rd adds Dr. Featherston goes up to the Manawatu district to-day to make arrangements for the purchase of the long-coveted block on Wednesday next We trust he may be successful, but we doubt it. There have been many indications that the payment of the £25,000 for the land will not finally settle the question, and time, instead of smoothing over the difficulties, has only rendered them greater. The Machines Returned to PusovnKiru.-Undor date November 25th, the correspondent of the Wellington Independent writes from Camp te Whenuku as follows -The rebels have again returned to Pungurehu, the village from which Major M'Donnell drove them some six weeks since. On the 22nd, Captain Ross went out with a party consisting of about fifty Europeans and the same number of Maories, his orders were to patrol the right bank of the river, and, if possible, to ascertain whether the report which we had heard of the rebels, having returned, was correct. On his way across the plain, and when close to the destroyed village of Kingston, he saw about fifteen of the rebels running across his front ; a slight skirmish, ensued, but no damage was done on either side. It certainly was a providential escape for the Hauhaus, as they at one time were not more than fifty yards off. Major M Connell has since learned from W iremu (a chief who has lately come "in) that Fox and his party, about forty strong, have come back to fight. With the small number of men Major O'Donnell has at present at this post he cannot do much, as the most he can take into the field would be about 100, and half of these are Moones. 