SHALL ST. KILDA HAVE A NEW TOWN HALL.? "To be or not to be, that is the question." — Hamlet. The subject of a new town-hall for St. Kilda is once more on the tapis, to the con sternation of those who wish things to re main as they are. It was fondly imagined that when the unquiet spirit was last laid in the council chamber it was disposed of for a long time to come. But, like Banquo's ghost, it is continually reappearing in some unexpected quarter, shaking its "gory locks." It is a most persistent ghost, and obstinately refuses to be pooh-poohed. It has got it into its head that a new town hall on a suitable site is, if not an actual necessity, so very like one as to be scarcely distinguishable therefrom. And it has further got it into its head that a majority of the inhabitants are of its way of thinking. Therefore, it objects to being quietly "put away" by a vote of a majority of the council only, but asks that the opinion of the rate- payers should be taken as well. If that is done, and proves to be against it, it will retire without a murmur to the shades from which it has recently emerged, and quietly bide its time. We really think the council would do wisely to accept this challenge, and trust that at their meeting on Monday evening they will make arrangements effec tually to test the opinion of the ratepayers thereon. The cause of this question being re- opened at the present moment is an offer from Mr. Hervey to the council to sell a portion of his land for the purpose. It seems he is going to put the land into the market, and he has given the council the first offer. We do not think it would be possible to find a more suitable spot in the whole borough—not even in the neighbour hood of Elsternwick"—on which to erect a town-hall. It is not necessary that we again detail the advantages that would ac- crue to the borough from such a building. We have done so more than once in times gone by, and see no reason now to alter our opinion. But we are not unreasonable, and can make every allowance for the objections of those who think the present municipal buildings are sufficient for the wants of the borough. Having them, objectors do not feel justified in sanctioning the large outlay that would be incurred in erecting a new hall at least so long as there shall be what they consider more necessary works undone. The question is not, as it was in Prahran, simply one of town-hall or no town-hall. Were it so, we have no doubt what the verdict would be. As it is, we are not sur prised that there should be opposition,—the more so as the bulk of the objections to the present offices apply to the site on which they are located more than to the buildings themselves. It was most unfortunate; cer tainly, that they should have been placed in such a hole. What is to be done with them, it is asked, if a new hall is erceted—they can never be sold to advantage ? The sug gestion of a correspondent in another column, to turn them into baths and wash- houses, is not a bad one—nor, in the face of recent exposures of the pollution that is run into the sea, is it out of place. For who that believes in cleanliness being next to godliness will care about taking "a dip in the briny" at the St. Kilda bathing-houses after reading the report of the proceedings in the path, however, is not so much the disposing of the old offices as procuring the means for erecting new ones ; and though we believe that in this, as in most other matters, a bold course would be the best, we are prepared to make every allowaicee for those who are of a more timid dis position. We would not press them too hardly on the course we feel certain they will ultimately find themselves compelled to take. Sooner or later a new town-hall will be had. The seed has been sown, and it is bound in due time to fructify. But if at pre sent we can get no further than the purchase of the offered land, it will be a step in the right direction. Still, it is to be hoped that the council will take the opinion of the rate- payers on the whole question. If they vote yea, the question of ways and means will then have to be decided. But we do not think that need frighten anybody. The hall would be for the use of posterity as well as ourselves, and posterity may fairly be asked to take its share of the burden. We have no knowledge of what the expense would be, but for argument's sake we will put it at £10,000. Let that sum, then, be raised by debentures, repayable in forty yearly instalments of £250 each, or twenty yearly instalments of £500 each with interest added. Some such arrangement could surely be made; and if so we see no valid reason why St. KIilda, should its inhabitants pronounce therefor, might not ere this time next year have municipal buildings that would be an ornament to their borough. Any how, we think the time has arrived when it behoves the municipal authorities fairly to test the opinion of the ratepayers on the subject. 