-FT-- ? ?— ? II -.— ? NEWS OF THE WEEK. ? -—«???; ? We learn that, in all probability', Mr VerdonK will leave for England by the outgoing mail steameri. Hia visit to Great Britain ja in connection jwith the defences of the colony, and in pursuunce of the recommendation of the select committee upon that Btjbject. . The Nord, of Brussels, says that a mtm just arrested at Hamburg has confessed ha was guilty of the murder of Mr Briggs, for which Mailer was Banged. Under date 26th March,1t has been communicated to Messrs' William Clarke and Sons, by Mr-B. C. Buratall, the promoter of the direot line of steam ships via the Gape of Good Hope, that he has secured nearly sufficient capital to build two vessels, the building of which will be shortly commenced. It is Mr Burstall's intention shortly to visit the Australian colonies In the interests of his com pany. . ?; .: We learn by the mail that the . Governorship , of this colony has bggji offered to Mr Manners Sutton. We take the following respecting him from Men ? of the Times : — ' The hon. John Henry Thomas, second sou of the late Viscount Canterbury (who was Speaker of the House of Commons 1817-34), was born in 1814, and was educated at.Eton and Trinity College, Cambridge, where he took his de fee in 1835. He entered Parliament in 1839,!as .P. for Cambridge, and held the post of Under secretary of State for the .Home department' under Sir Robert Peel's administration in 1841-6. Mr 'Manners Sutton, who. holds, the valuable sinecure of Eegistrar of the Faculty Court, . was appointed Governor of New Brunswick in 1854.' Since then he has. been Governor of Trinidad. ! An extremely handsome specimen of gold- bearing quartz is now being exhibited in the windows of Messrs Baillie and Butters, Collins-street. The specimen, which is one of the richest that has per haps ever been procured, is from the General Wjnd ham Company's claim (Glass's Paddock), Lauriston. 5 weighB twenty-two ounces, about three-fourths of Which is gold. The quaitz is of a brown, burnt description, known amongst miners as kjpdly-look- : ing stone, and is impregnated throughput with the precious .metal. We think it a spsoLtaen well worthy of a place in the Exhibition, ,as it would convey an;; Qxoefieht idea of how gold is distributed through its matrix. ' .??..?.?.. The Ballaarat Star says :— ' Positive information has been received by the local police ^authorities from the detestive office in Melbourne, to the :; effect . that J. H. Mather, late ,seoretary, of. the Ballaarafc shire council, has succeeded in escaping from the oolony. He left by the ship Britannia, bound for Gallao, which cleared the Heads on Friday last;'' From the' Geelong Register we learn ' that the dntiea of sheriff of Geelong will In future be per formed by Mr Claud Farie, the sheriff of Melbourne, and that Mr Bonsey, police magistrate, .will execute the functions of Crown Lands Commissioner. . These fpointments effect the alteration' in . the gaol' de rtment, to which we have lately referred, without, however, in any manner impugning the. official con; duct of Mr Sheriff Rede.' Colonel Redo has been appointed staff major of volunteers, and will in, future most probably reside in Melbourne. 'iSticking-up' . is still prevalent in Adelaide * A correspondent of the Telegraph, writing from Good wood, 4th \ May, says :— ' Sticking- up ' has become quite rife in our quiet district. On Monday evening, between eight and nine o'clock, as three men were proceeding with their waggons along the road they were - stuck up hy -three men with masks.. They showed fight, however, with their whips, and the ruffians' made off after one of them had received a smart cut across the head. Not so fortunate Mr Haywood.at Brighton, who was proceeding home on Tuesday evening when he was met by three men with masks. ?:, They ordered him to, stand, but he not feeling inclined to obey such an order, one of the ruffians produced a pistol and fired, but fortu nately only scorched his face'. They then over hauled bim, but could not find anything, although he had £15 and a watch. In their eagerness they missedf the treasures, and by way of revenge they, beat him about the. head in a dreadful manner. As soon as he was able he got away, and upon reaching his home it was found necessary to send for Dr. Burton, who dressed his head.' i ? An accident occurred on the St. Kilda-road, on Saturday morning, to a man named Richard Watt; who, whilst driving a loaded dray, slipped off, and before he ceuld get away, the wheel of the dray passed over his left leg. He was brought to town and taken to the hospital, where it was* found that the leg was broken. . The following interesting paragraph relative to colonial productions we take from the Hobart Town Mercury : — 'As stated in our report of the . proceedings of the Intercolonial Exhibition com missioners, which appeared in our yesterday's issue, Messrs Stanley and Winter, of Elizabeth-street,, in tend forwarding a couple of colonial-made piano- - fortes to the exhibition. We visited theworkshop of the firm yesterday, and noticed that 'they have six instruments now in course of construction. They are now but in the fkst stage, little more than tho framework being erected, but connoisseurs will find it worth their while to see evon the foundations of the instruments, which are a convincing 'proof of the substantial nature of the colonial work. Every section of the framework is lined through with oak, which cannot fail tP have been well seasoned, inas much as it formed the anchor stocks of the old man of war Anson, and has been lying exposed to all weathers in M'Gregor's ship yards for the past fourteen or fifteen years.' . The following carious example of Chinese intelligence and patience fe mentioned by the Daylesford ExpresB :— ' There is a path from Glenlyon to Newbury, through tho thickest part of the bush, known as the | ? Chinese track.' It is about ten miles long, j and, as we are told, muoh shorter than any other route. Tho track follows a curiously serpentine course over ranges, and across ravines, so densely covered with underwood that a stranger might al most lose himself, and die of thirst or hunger before he got out of the maze. To prevent such a calamity overtaking any of the Celestials, they have staked out the whole distance at intervals of a few feet, in such a manner that no one can mistake the wad.' .,,..'' , We learn tbg||South Australia has placed its lines of railway attire service of the Intercolonial Ex hibition for the free conveyance of all goods in tended for the exhibitions' of Melbourne and Paris. The same concession has alco been made to all samples of wine placed at the disposal of the Con noisseurs' Glub. In general mutters the working committee of: the siater colony appear to be thoroughly- bestirring themetilves ; and, as '-re- gards general collections, besides impressing the services of the Government surveyors therein, they have engaged a qualified man to make' a tour of the colony! allowing him twelve1 weeks' tiiiieV and fur nishing him with a horse and cart, to seonre speci mens' 'of woods, plants,1 minerals, a'nd anything of interest he can obtain. Mrs Avonia Brooke has published the following letter in the Times : — ' On Friday night I received -the.last written words of my dear husband. They. we're fouriddn a bottle oh the Brighton beach, and forwaraed.:tp..me by'Mr'; C. A\\. Elliott, of Trinity. College, Cambridge. They are written in pencil on a , torn envelopo, and read as follows :—' 11th January, on board the London. We are just going down. No chance of safety. Please give this to Avonia Jones, Surrey Theatre.— GustavusVaughan Bbooke.' Will you be kind enough to insert, this fact in your valuable journal, for sad as the , message is, he has many friends who will be glad once- more to hear from him; even though his words have come from his very grave.' . ! ?' ?. A woman named Mary Joyce was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital, on Saturday night, , having at tempted to commit suicide r by taking a dose of laudanum. The usual remedies were successfully applied, and the woman is now prbgressing favor ably- . ?_ ' '' '? 1 : Steps Kave been taken to put a stop; to Sunday labor in: the . mines at Ballaarat. Saturday, night's Post sayB:— r'| Oar police report oi. this morning, makes public the first, proceedings taken towards the prevention of Sunday working in the '.mining claims on Ballaarat, a subject lately brought before the Legislature by Mr Balfour. 'A letter to the bo rough counoil of Ballaarat, by the Rev., 'Mr -Binks, .caused: communication to be made to the. jsuporin terident of police, and the result was that an intelli gent officer visited a number of the principal mines, including the Koh-i-noor, Hand-in- Hind, Sir Wm. Don, Warrior, and Lady: Don companies, on Sun day, 'the 6th insti, obtained the names of those engaged working, and had them summoned to appear before the court. The borough council further engaged the solicitor to the counoil to prosecute, an-t in each case the defendants were fined' in the siini' .of 5s, that being the penalty1 the act under which -fch-i complaint is brought provides shall be inflicted. It was mentioned tbat no recent; aot provided for the punishment of the qtienco, and an old statute, 25th Charles II, was used as the grounds upon, which to secure a conviction : but as this statute prdvides for fine,' to be recovered by distress, and in default of - : dis1 tress /two hours' imprisonment- in the stocks.ifc : is fevident that a brief enactment must be; passed, to put down the evil. : The fines, inflicted, were in each instance' paid. In consequence of this feimely public action, the Sabbath' Observance Society of Ballaarat have deemed itfitting'to withdraw a memorial-to the rm'anagers and :directofs'of the mining companies in this district; praying them,, to, discontinue .-all Suu da^working.in the mines. It is to be hoped that. th6 evil will now cease ; but. we nevertheless recom mend the- Sabbath Observance Association to keep upitheir organisation' airtl their vigilance. There is ?? work foi- them to do yet in Ballaarat.' :-!- ? ??? -?'-? ?:?-:? ; ' From a return' furnished to Parliament it appears that the fees receivedby the Government under the Re'al Property Act, during the year 1865, amounted -. to £13,354 4s lOJd. ..,,:,,?;.!.; r- .,.,.;;? ,;,,., . ; , , The following sums have been awarded to the undermentioned police constables for meritorious services :— To senior constable John Greer, at Maldori, £2; in acknowledgment of his services in the arrest and prosecution of James Rilen, sentenced ,to four year's ;f or oat tie stealing* To sergeant second class Benjamin Watson, at Forest Creek, the sum of £5, ^recognition of his seryicea in the arrest and prosecution of.. John Thompson; sentenced to' seven yiears for horse stealing; Job' Bailey; sentenced to five : years ior receiving a stolen horse ; William Jones, sentenced; to nine- months for .stealing a saddle and two yeai?B: for horse stealing ; and Henry Cooper, , sentenced to,- eighteen months, for horse stealing. To sergeant second class Thomas Su'm me'rhayes, at Melbourne', the sum of £3,r for his semces '?' in : the arrest ' and1 prosecution of. James Guest, ? sentenced . to one' month for picking pockets, and William Adams, sentenced to five years for assault and robbery. To detective first class Charles Black, at Melbourne, the sum of £5,iri acknowledgement of his 'servicos in the arrest and prosecution of George Carline and John Weachurch, each sentenced to, six years for burglary, and, William Harrison, sentenced, to five years for feloniously reoeiying stolen property. To constable Simon O'Neil and detective first class Alexander Easbn,'at Ballaarat, the sum of £2 each, for their services in the arrest and prosecution ' of John Smith- alias Duff, i sentenced to three years for several cases ofjlarceny. :To constable. Thomas Armstrong, at* Melbourne; the sum of £2, in ao k'nowledgement of- his services in aBsiBting to extri cat'e.a boy from drowning in the Yaira, and carrying out the instructions already issued for the restora tion of suspended animation with success. To senior . .constable John Bailey, at Vaughan, thesum of £1, for.his services in the arrest acd prosecution of :Ah See,;fined £1Q and £3 3s costs f or- stealiug a pig. Mr.iiOlShanassy's speech at St. George's, Hall appears to haye given geaeral, dissatisfaction^ The Gebiorig. Register says i-^-' Three days ago Mr O'Shanassy occupied the high position of a states-' man of long standing, taking leave of his former associates and rivals, bearing away with him the respect and affeotion of. his friends, while not, a single .dissentient uttered a .word to embitter his parting. , Now,'what is he? 'The subservient in Btrument of -a small faction, devoid of one spark of that magnanimity which hia opponents have ? wasted up6n him— the acknowledged champion of a would-be despotic minority; We have no hesitation in declaring that tho greater number of -.the signa tures to his addresses, wore appendeci upon the sup position that he had retired from the i turmoil of party politics, 'aud we think that the : subscribers to those addresses ; have reason' to .complain. of having been taken in by him. His- outbreak in St. , George's Hall must make- thousands regret their complaisance iu furnishing him with teBtimbnials which are now made to appear as if they were de nnnciationa ' of tho present Government of the colonyi' ????.?.??:?? : ? ??;??.- ?-:? ,,; .. .-. . ?'';?,?. At a special meeting of the committee of the Kynoton Hospitul, held one duy, lust week, charges against the resident surgeon of being drunk and neglecting the out-door patents were investigated AfteV, a lengthened inquiry, the committee deemed the charges proved, and passed the following resolu tion:—' That, having-considered the. evidence on the two items contained in the firBt obarge made .against , D^; Smith, and also the medioal offioers' admissioni^hereon, the committee are of opinion that- the said .items are proved. That, while ac knowledgkio; Dr. Smith's long services, and the general confidence reposed iu him, still, realising the 'gravity of the offence, they resolve that it be in-' timated to Dr. Smith that a repetition of sucn conductvmust be treated with the utmost severity.'. -Out files ;froin Hobart Town are to the 10th insfc ? Tlie _Mercury of that date says: — 'We have now got Kito 'the fourth month of the year, without any indications of the improvement the Treasurer pro mised us on his customs revenue. , The amount ool leoted at Hobart Town for th|e;moiith was £4710 2S''3d. -The amount .collected at Launcestori.£5383 , Is 5d. Total for the month from both places, £10,098 3s ,8d. For the four months, the receipts stand thus : — XJustoms revonue,' January, £12,200 9s 8d;'; dittos February, £8,674 7s 4d ; ditto, March, £11',48'5 13s lOd; ditto, April, £10;098 3s 8d ; total, £42,409 14s 6d. These figures speak for themselves. Supposing them to be sustained, they would barely give £126,000 for the year.' Writing on the forthcoming Intercolonial Ekhibi ;tion, the Talbot Loader makes the following re jmarks :^-' We think we can account for the gone ral | apathy, manifested' with reference' to the pro posed Intercolonial Exhibition to ba held this year. ilt appears that a .number of persons who contri |buted exhibits to the London Exhibition of 1862 never bad their exhibits returned when ''that exiii- . bitiou wa8'clos6d;' In the case of our.own district we ; can soeak ; positively upon jthis matter til, Mr jP- iul, a druggist in .Tulbot, forwarded,a: number of Lexhil)its and never ^?eceived. ona of' them b«ck ; febtwithstanding . that many of them were of con'si Serable intrinsic yalcie.- In the case 'of 'the' 'borough wouncilj'that bbdy-'nad'a fine: shield painted,:wEioh i fwas- 'never -returned; ..Mj?-' James, i a 'ildcaV photo- grapher, contributed, a-, number of views which he neyer.(saw, sfter ? parting with.them. In ourown case we.spent about £10 in printing a copy pf the Talbot Leader 'in gold, and he.ving it handsomely framed — ah exhibit which we have not' heard of ? sinpo we- forwarded it to the proper authoritieSi in Melbourne. ; These are. only a few instances of the kind, which have occurred in this district iu connec , tion .with the last London Exhibition. Several compTairit's' have been made to us 'and we have always duly noted them, but theresult has been nil either in substance or explanation. '? It is there-, fore not difficult to account for the general'apftthy mamfeBted for the ensuing Intercolonial Exhibi tion. Contributors .have been well bitten once, and it is unreasonable- to expect that they will place themselves in a' position ' to receive similar traat 'ment asecbiid time;'1 ' '' ' ' - ' '?'?' k--1-' We1 have 'files from i Hokitik'a; ? wia Sydney,' to the' ?4th! insti' ('The intelligence is. generally of an unim- . pbr'tanfc, character;,:. The; iWest Coast Times of : 27th April', says ,:-r77,' ^uringrthe December quarter of the year 1864, .Hokitika, exported nothing, not even, to the viuue. 0 'a sixpence. ' ?During' the corresponding , quarter of the pa'st'yedrj' tti'e' 'exports f roni ?Hokitika aiiilotfutted-' in lvalue'; to . £510,876 ', thatiiis ito .say, nearly £11,000 1 in .'excess of aquarter, rof a, million sterling. To this gum. jmust be added £126,056, .exported, from Greymouth,. making tho aggregate Value from the 'West ''Coast £636,932. .During the ¥am&'qfuarter,;'Wbll^ of the : c:olpny, exposed £115;340; Auoklana, £125,991 ; Nelson, .£15 ,'006; Lyttelton arid Christchuroh,. -. £2:103:-,' and Dunedin, £219,465.', .,;!,, ? i0.r , ,': A special meeting. in thei estate of ^William, Rut ledge andj rCo. . wasp held |; at, the inapjvent ? .court, Geelbng, on Saturday, to oonsider an offer of ''com- position of 10s in tne pbiind.'- ; The offer, which embraced a sum of no leBB; them £24,000, was ac cepted.. The Register remarks:— '^ The estate havr ing already paid a diyidendrupon the proved debts, of ,7s 3d in the pound, the creditors will nothayemuch oausb of compiciint; Seeing, indeed, w,hat large sums '?'must have ' been paid; in law expense's, it is diffioult to imagine how the estate ever got into the insolvent court.''1 - i ^ -'?' i.v/.v ?;-??;:?.;-.!: ???, :.,' i 'The Geelong: Register 'states 'that,' riince the announcement of , the establishment of ? the Bellarine-. steam flax mill,cJthe proprietor, Mr- M' Andrew, has-, had numerous offers ; from, Tasmania to supply flax straw ; and in one or. two instances th'e proposition has been : made' to grow'it ' tHere aiid ship it to'- Mr M' Andrew in any quantity for dressing.' '„??:???-?:.. Sir Redmond -Barry has consented ? to lay the foundation stone of the building for the Ballaarat Ijlast public library, on, a. day to be appointed by himself. , -?:.,.?. ....,-,.. . Monday's | Ballaarat. -Star says :—ff A ?heavy rainfall took place 6n Sunday. It was so obpions that it will make the land ready for ? sowing and planting, and will contribute an appreciable volume, of water to the reservoirs. While we w.rite, there is an appearance, of a ? continuance 'of ' falling wea ther.' -Our Creswick correspondent writes :— '? .tIn consequence .of the continued dry weather,' the ' sowing oi wheat has .been at a stand', 'many farmers hdviHg found ' that ' the seed ' already- sown ? had ' be come so parched, and cracked -.as to be useless, and the;land \yould, therefore, require to be sown over again. . ?. The rain on Sanday will, however, give an imijaediateimpetus to farming operations.' .'' The Pastoral Times asks, is a lunatic a crimiridl ? 'Not1 usually,' answers i 'our contemporary,' ' but in Australia0 they ? are 'tre'ated as such:? Here is a sample, whibh. we '.take;. from, the Border, P.oiit, but , eyery week, , its cp.unterpart oan be shown :r~\ Jane Ford, a lunatic, \yho had been brought by 'dray up from' Mulwdla, sewn', up naked in a pair of blankets, waa 'sent ' to thelbok-up for protection and' medical advice.' When will the Government build a lunatic asylum in Riverina ?' ?' - ? . . We take the .following somewhat, extraordinary story, from the . OvenB Constitution : — ;'' A , sin gular phenomenon, waB witnessed by some ef the residents on the Mitta Mitta, last Monday, afternoon. About two p.m., a noise similar to that of a violent clap of thnnder was heard at a time when the sun was shining and there was not aoloud discernible in the sky. The explosion was heard as far as twenty, miles off at Bungonia Station. We leave, the i explanation .of this phenomenon to sbientifio m'etebrologiBts.' Could it be the falling of one of tlioEio masses of meteoric iron which' have been ob served at intervals for some hundreds of years past atnlmostallparts of .the earth ?!' , ... ?.:?:.;'?. ; Last Tuesday's Bendigb Nows says :-~!'We regret to ro.eo.rii another fatal, mining accident. , John . Stirton, tin old. and respectable resident of tho distriot, Was killed this morning in his own claim on ;the Windmill-hill Reef. : Whilst ascending tho ladder; a stoue is supposed to have struok'him on the head, precipitating' him to the bottom, and. fracturing hjs skull,' cuusing instantaneous death. ; Deceased was well known onBondigo,aad loaves a wife and grown up,,, family to mourn his loss. Dr. Bojd was in immed(ate!:attefidanpe; ;but his services were of no avail'.'); Mr Stirtpn.'s -untimely death has caused quite a ^looin 'in the neighborhood of Long ??Gully, .where- . ;ho . has resided foi? 'many years, and where hia 'eiiterprise and labor as & miner had been regarded with nqvHttle degree, of Success.' -?/'The 'first autrnal meetifag of 'the Emerald-hill, ,SaHdridgeiiind~ ,St;i.Kild'feMntaal Benefit Building 'andlnve'stment^ociety was held on Monday, at the mechanics' 'institute, Emerald-hill. The report and balance sheet presented by the committee proved that the society is_in an exceedingly favorable posi tion. J .The preliminary 'ekpensTs! '.amount/ 'to £^31 I2sl5d,;^. fobnsiderable ipajftilof, which! wasfexpen^ed in public i meetings 'and 'a'dvertisemenfs for the 'pur- pose of increasing the number of shareholders. Thiscbbjeothaa been lidost successfully carried out, ' aa the number has-been increased from.. 500 to 2451\. The current expenses for the year have been £521 6a, 5d, and the profits amount to £4181. 18s 4(3, increasing the value of each share on which £6 has been paid to £7 ,16s lfd. . This estimate does not include the premiums oh shares sold in April, which would add 23.6d.to the value of each share. The total advances amount to £20,967 3a 94; and .the- auditora, Mtbors; Gavin :G. Brown and W; 'M. Fehan j certify that the :s.eouritie3-: are' quite ? . sa'tibfactory. The average premiam. at, the monthly sales of shares has been £18' '9s 7d. .The total assets amount' to £21,080 7s 9d.''''fTheuwhol^time ,of,the meeting was occupied 'inr balloting for officers and -committee for the^ebming' ^ year ;-in'-' -selling ! shares, whioh Dearly realised, the.'averoge premium, and in ,tho consideration o,f , the-jreport.' , -:,-;; - ?(;;?? on ;- 'Ou. Monday eveuing, between, the hours, of seven and eight o'clock,, some, person- entered, the. -ticket ? office of the.'St. Kilda railway station, and stole from . thecounter 'upwar'ds of £8 in silver and %oi&. ''The ; ticket;cl6rk was away at the1 tMei and1 an entrance ; was| effected by means of :askeletbri;key.: '?*;??? .?'?: ? '?'?' - f At a meeting of .the Presbytery of Geelong; held - on Monday, the call' of the congregation of Penti;idge ; to the . . Rev. John Cooper, of Rokowood,, was dit pps|efJ of. The Rev. J. Bdllahtyne and H. Darling, appeared as commissioners from the Presbytery of Molbbnriie, and iVIessrs Francis Bell; and J. Matthie as eonimisitioners = from' the Pentridge 'congregation'. ? Messrs Elliot and Scott .appeared, as, commissioners frbin the congregation of Rokewood. _c vThe cominiB sioners on both sides having been heard*, the call, was putiutb tlije hands of Mr 'Cooper, when he ^' signified hisiacoeptance of 'the same.- .Ahiglvtestimbny was borne to the- zeal: and efficieucy 'With which 'Mr Copper had prosecuted his ministry in Rokewbodj and the various members of presbytery expressed their deep regret at parting -from, him., He was then instructed by . thepreBbytery' to repair to the bounds of the ?Presbytery, of Melbburneifoi: induc tion into hia new charge. - .:? i../M,' .V ':- .'a' We take the following from Tuesday's 'Bdlluarat Star : — 'Old Bullaaratiaus will remember Mr Hasle ham, who,,in the early, days of Ballaarat, waB corre-, spondent for the' Melbourne Herald, and .a writer .-for! other colonial' journals ; ' and' who| during the Eureka stockade affair; received a wound in the' arm : from a stray bullec at .that- encounter.'-; It willbe remembered, also, that it was reported , here (and if , wbimistake not, as f rbm a,n Engliah paper) that, Mr,, Hasleham had died shortly after his return to Eng land, after undergoing an operation for the'extr'ac tiok of ' the ball from his arm. -The subjoined ex -truqt from; a; ^letter -,- justireceived from :Mau,cheBter; ' ? Jby'a member of the Star.staff,, will, howevei-, show that. Mr Hasleham, is, probably j still living. , , We should premise' that the writer of the letter had,' in a, previous letter, stated that' he had seen' Mr Jaaslehamj and in reply to thiit'statement th'e mem ber of our stuff referred to had said his correspondent must have seen Mr Hasleham's ghost, as that gentle man was dead. The extraotis.aB follows :—-' I was , so convinced that I was right that I, resolved to , speak to his ghoatship the first opportunity. My courage failed me on several occasions.' At length' (I believe it was, in August, 1864) I met it coming out of the Examiner and Time's offioe.. Recovering myj breath, I touched it on tho arm. It; turned round, and I said, ' I think I have seen you before.' Ghost —'jYery likely.' I— 'Were you ever a^Ballaarat?' .Ghost — 'Yes.' I— 'Your nameis Hateleham ?' Ghost—-' Yes.' I — ? I don't know that I ever'spoke to you before, but I. knew you - through being' with, Mi1! Levey, of the Herald;' -Ghost— ' Oh yes, I ? know . Mr, jLevey ; he is now on the Argus (?)'. I then told it how of ten I had seen it; that I had written to you: Did he know you ?' Ghost—' Oh yes, a' * ??* on the Star.' I related your answer, and . when- 1 mentioned; thatrin undergoing' the opera-: tioa/ilae sank -under it, . the. ghost jlooked rather grave, but said, 'No, not quite so bad as that.'. , A. few commonplaces ended our interview, and it vanished round' one corner, and I round another. . Noiv, what must I think? Is it all an illusion,' 'or is the laugh) against you, instead of against me? At any rate, here Hasleham is alive, and apparently well. .' . I saw himyeaterday going froni town, book in1 hand , with that peculiar twist . in his walk.' ' The familiars of Mr Hasleham' will not be at a loss 16 recognise' tue description of 'book in hand' 'and the ,.' peculiar twist in hia walk.'- . It is hardly necessary for us to , add that we, are glad - to heai) of :his i sur vival,, both of the, operation and of,the.n-jly report, ancj jtfust he may live a long . while ,10. ref ate so very'n'nwelbomed rucdor.' ' 'j . ' oii.Th'e Gipps' L'and' Steam' Navigation Co'mpahy have .reoe'ivedj'b'y rastmaili-the'Spebifibatidn of their new steamer, now . in course of ioohstruotionnby Messrs Laiyrie, of Glasgow, under the supervision of , Cap tain Patriok. The new vessel is. 145 feet long be tween the perpendicular's/ 22 feet beam, and '8 'feet deep. . ' The enginos : are by Blaokwood and Gordon, and will be two osoillating engines of 40-horse power eaoh,., fitted with feathering, ;floats, and all, the latest imprbveniements. The paddles will reverse, making the vessel very handy in crossing tho Lakes bar ; the guaranteed speed, iB eleven knots ; she will; carry 140 tons on 5 feet, with four days' coal 'onboard.- Thoro is aocommodation in the cabin for 28, and in tho ateerago for 50, passengers. The cabin will b6 , on the poop, and will inolude ladies' saloon aid state rooms. The vessel wub expected to Jeave England about 15th July. ' The following singular case iB reported by the Daily Telegraph,1 aa havhigcomo before the Thames police court, London, on the 17th March :— ' Eliza bethGitliff,' a native of Australia, who appeared to be very ill and poor, and was laboring under, groat trepidation and anxiety, cdme before Mr Pugot and rolated an extraordinary narrative, of tho 'truth' of whioh there could be no sioubtv Her husband 'died ? a few -years ago on his roturn ??? from the gold diggings, leaving .hor with. two. young children, bqth girls, with, whom she was living in Melbourne until the early part of 1863, when severe illness compelled her. tcTgointp the hospifal. , Sfi'e, left. heir', ],j ' childreiiin the care pi: George Brown,' an engineer, J ] ? and his wife, of Little Collins-'atreet, Melbourne. |:i Brown' worked oii hoard steamboats', ind his wife was her cousin. While she was in' the hospital they aenfc her a letter, and no answer being returned, they took it for granted that'she was (lead, and went to the diggings, taking the children wich them. Di- ' reotly she was restored to health, she followed the Browns and her children to the diggings, hut could not meet with them! She returned to Melbourne, heart sick, wearied and disappointed, and in great distress, where she was informed that the Browns had gone to England and taken the children with them. A subscription was raised, and i sufficient money, col lected' to send, her to England. She arrived ' at Liverpool at 'Christinas, and travelled to London'. She could hear.' nothing/ of her children or the Browns, and her resaurpes' were how entirely ex hausted. She had lived by raising money on her ' property for, the last six weeks, and put in the duplicates relating to it in confirmation of. her .state-' ment.. She also handed to the magistrate' ijertin cates in verification of her story. She wanted to return to Melbourne; and had not ihe means of doing 80\. 'Mr, Paget , said that it' was a distressing casb, and that he would cause inquiries to be .made, and see what. could be done.'* ' , ' . , ,( ; The Geelong Register thus speaks of the pro gress of the -Piypt:-T7?! Building operatipns are now being carried, on extensively in almost every part of Geelong. . Houses of a more substantial nature' than those constructed of ;; weatherboards are, being ereoted, .^and complaints, are made by the builders of a scarcity of ..artisans to carry on the works. Car penters, brioklayers, plasterers, painters, and others., connected with the building trade, all find, ample employment, the only exception being to masons, whose labor is not so muoh.'called into, requisition.. This is an evidence of the growing prosperity of Geelongw Slow it has been,!, undoubtedly, , but it has: progressed surely. The demand for a better . class of houses, has, for some time, past, been too great, for the supply. , The . consequence ,is that, rents have, increased in proportion^; and; hence the. speculations in building to meet the increased de mand.' , . ,. .?;:. ' ,:.. ... .'i ..,. -? ;.:? ;. :. ::?{ , In order, to render the illustration of. the mineral resonroes of the colony i of Victoria as complete as possible at the forthcoming Exhibition, the depart ment of MineB has* as we are informed, given pro-: mise of its practical aid in the matter j and to render the collection of greater, value, the secretary of the department, Mr R. B. Smyth, has promised to oompileran explanatory catalogue. We may observe, in- reference to this 'subject, that the gentleman just, naruedy as also tho other able contributors, of tue aeries of essays published in 1861 for the then ex hibitions have kindly consented to furnish another series for 1866, bringing down their observations to. the present; period. ' ? ,' ? ??,.'..? ?? i'\ !??..? A supplement to Tuesday's Government Gazette coritaihs'a codeof regulations and standing orders for the Victorian volunteer force; The council of the Acclimatisation. Society met as usual on Tuesday: Present, 'Dr.. Mueller, Pro- ' fessoc M'Coy, Colonel Champ, Mr F. SVDpbson, and . Mr, A. Purchas.' A letter waa read from Dr. Officer, giving full details of all, connected with the ' salmon oya. Dr. Officer conclude? by saying, ', The loss of all .the brown trout'is of littte importance. I believe' that in 'the pourse' of the present winter we shall derive an ample supply from our own fish.' VoteB of thanks .were. passed bythe couuciV to Com mander Nprmaii, Capta.ini Charletdn, Messrs J. A. Youl, Edward Wilson, Riobert Ramsbottom, .Wertall Bamsbottom'i Thomas Johnson^ and -—Miller, for the aid whioh they have rendered to the society in bo successfully introducing the ova. A letter was . read from Major Michael, of Madras,' saying he had ; sent, down three pairs of jungle fowls, to the society. ,'. The sepretary reported that one pair had arrived by the mail steamer, the others having perished on the voyage! The superintendent re povfced,, the, birth of a Sambur fawn and an Angora* ? ewe. , ,.„ .,?.?..;....;.,,', ,..-.... ??!;.?. The. Colac correspondent of the Geelong Adver tiser reports that road contractors are experiencing great difficulty in getting men. Draymen can get 7s per day, and stpnebreakersthe^ highest, prices per cubic yard. The '.same writer also states that, on Sunday,, rain was; general throughout the district... ?„? ? . .,.? , -,- ... ,:. ? ?' , . ? -?. ?? , ? The somewhat unusual occurrence of a juryman being also a witness in a case happened at the Kyneton general sessions on Monday. The pri soner not objecting, the man was allowed to act in the double capacity, his evidenoe being given in thejury box. .?'.? : At the Prahran police oourt, on Monday, MrTein pleton drew the attention of the. reporters 'to the late inquest upon the body of the infant Miiloney^ whioh had died of starvation, and requested that publicity should begiven to the faot that, when the woman Trickey applied for relief from the; poor box,' there were no funds in it, bo that it' was im possible to help her. '?'..'?. ??'??'.?? On Tuesday evening, a i meeting to inaugurate the Fitzroy Wesleyan Association was held in , the Jubilee schoolroom, King William-street, ; Fitzroy. Upwards of 200 persons partook of tea, after, which about 500 assembled to hear the inaugural address by the president,- the Rev. Joseph Dare; who dwelt eloquently upon the benefit of mutual improvement associations, and the necessity of mental ? culture ; gave illustrations from the lives of ?? Men who have RiBen,' and concluded by explaining the character and objects of the association. After the address, 133 ladies and gentlemen enrolled themselves as members. . ' ' ' ? ? A public meeting of the inhabitants of Kew was held at the court house on Saturday evening, to take steps to procure an extension of ; the railway from Hawthorn to Kew. The chair was taken by tho mayor, Mr Stevenson. A' memorial to the rail way oompany, setting forth the desirability of the extension, was adopted, and a deputation appointed to submit it to the dirootors of the oompany. A committee was also organised to further the objects of the meeting. » From tho M. and D. Advertiser' we learn that ' Tho lato rains have boon very beneficial to the young oropa which are just now coming out of tho ground in plaoes where early sowing has been carried on, and will also enable tho farmers to sow their lator oropa whore the preliminary operations of husbandry have taken plaoe. The young crops much needed a further supply of moisture, for the nnusual heat whioh followed tho heavy rains of a few weeks previous was fast drying up the soil to the depth to whioh tho young roots had penetrated. Tho hoftiouUnrists' were anxiously awaiting fruot fying showers,, for in many Insfances'smslt'see.ds :'j bad been sown several times ' without 'germinating', owing to an insufficiency of moisture. The ie.in was ollowed by 'a; very heavy frost on Monday night— the ' heaviest of the season. The weather 'since 'has been winterly and seasonable.' .. ? . ! The' ; prorogation of Parliament .', is expeoted to take place on -Tuesday, or Wednesday next, as cir-. cumstauces may dictate. ! . ' Thursday's Geelong. Advertiser remarks :' — ' The fluctuations.; in agricultural produce , are puzzling. . It was looked forward to as a certainty that the ad vent, of rain would bring, down the, prioe of hay and straw,1 but on the contrary, those articles. of .every day requirement have gone up in figure, on an increased demand with a supply that is decreasing. ;The,hay market, closed, yesterday, with everything cleared put at an advance of ten shillings per ton on;hayj and , a deficient supply of straw, oaten and wheaten. The demand for mangoldB is not met,, and orders are on hand; .that ought to. bring out stocks that would command a iremunarative figure to the holders.; ^There is great attention paid just now to ? the Geelong market — capital awaits investment if , -the producers will come forward. In garden stuffs the supply is, ;not adequate to, the demand, though the local supply. tbiB season has increased to a de gree that hasrendered us . independent of the Mel bourne market.' v ; . .? .., .,..,, , . : . : Mr Warden- Cogdon, decided the reserved case on Wednesday betweenthe No. 2 Band of Hope Com pany and Beckman and party. The Start soy's: — : ?'V The warden ruled that, as the Band of Hope, trustees for the block claims had ' been permitted to, take them up, the company had forfeited; its right ; to exolusive possession of the. surf aco. within the. parallels, and that, as : the block ^claims hud not, been.- worked -br amalgamated with the 'company's claims, they were, in effect, forfeited, and the 'de- fendants were entitled to possession, save as against the plaintiff's frontage rights.!' j The Fenian movement appears to be progressing around Ballaarat. We take the following from Thursday's Star: — ' Cards of emerald green, bearing the inotto '[ in black,- ' Oh, Erin, my country,' were,' we , ' under&tahd;, ' freely ' distributed : about . BuKgaree and Warrehheip.for the purpose oi!6all- ? ing the meeting held at1 Mungo van's Hotel, on the 7thinst., in reference ? to the Fenians inlreland. What took plaoe at this assemblage of Erin's countrymen we are unable to state precisely, but we are informed that a committee was appointed to^canvaBS the district for subscriptions in aid of the fund for the relief Pf- the distressed Fenian families. The meeting, we are told; was well ac ' tended, about eighty sons ''of the forest having obeyed t'he ihyitation conveyed by the green' card andits characteristic appeal.' ' ''.''.' : The following weather news is given by the' Riverine Herald of Wednesday :—' On the 11th of : May,. last year, the, winter rains commenced on 'the Murray. . On Friday, the 11th inst., we were favored with some light showers.' .; During Saturday, heavy , masses of clouds hung about,' and in the evening , some smart showers fell. On Sunday, during the day, there were a few. light' fails, and just after dark a heavy steady rain set in /'which lasted till past ten o'clock. Monday t was a fine day, but with strping indications of wet. The night, however, was frosty.' , Yesterday was a cold day, but without rain. We are informed by a gentleman, who, has just returned from a trip ..up the Murray,' that oh Thursday week' last tho most terrific thunderstorm he ever remem ber^ to have witnessed took place at Nangunyah, a run at' the liack of Mr Hay's station of Booma :nopnaria.'.7''.V ?!'. .' . '.,. ' ;-, . '. .; The Geelong Advertiser says: — ', As. a, remark- able, instance; p£. how vineyard proprietors',, most sanguine hopes (have been agreeably disappointed . with regard to the yield of. grapes, we may mention that of. Mr. Chollet, who 'expected at ;themost to 1 make ,3000,, gallons, but, has now more than 5000 gallons of wine in his cellar, all made from grapes of the past season.' Ameeting of the Geelong, and Western District Agricultural Society was held oe Tuesday, to con sider the financial position of that body. A state ment was laid before them by the secretary, which showed that the liabilities were about £800. A very animated discussion ensued,, and, ultimately, a committee was appointed to draw up an amended balance, sheet and a report as to the best means of carrying on the sooiety more economically in future. ?'???.:?: ? : ? ; . . '-.. The alteration in the date of the sailing of the mail steamers for Europe from the 26th oi the month to the-28th commences, as will be seen by a notice in another column, with the present month. The mails will, therefore, be kept open, two days later than hitherto in eaoh month. In consequence of this alteration, the oountry edition of the Aus tralian News will be published on the 19th inst., and the town edition on the 23rd inst. . . , We have our files from South Australia to the i4th inst. The South Australian Register says :— ' The census returns, which appeared in Thursday's Gazette, exhibit very satisfactory progress during the past five years. The total population on the 26th March laat was 164,165, ogains't 126,830 in 1861— increase 37,335, or 29.43 per cent. A very high rnte of increase, even in colonies, is when a population double's1 itself in fifteen-' years ; but ohr numbers have almost doubled within the last eleven years.1 In 1855 they were 85,18©, now they are 164,165, and at the end of the twelfth year they will oertaihly be more than doubledi ' The proportion of the population resident in the. city. of Adelaide is ? 23,300, leaving over 140,000 for country cousins. The oounty of Ade laide contains 78,072, which may be roughly taken to'represent the manufacturing arid trading com munity. The other cPunties, to whioh the agricul tural and mining population may be assigned, contain about eighty thousand. The pastoral districts olaim only 4761, and Bhipping 1202. Their respective rates of increase during tho five years have been as follows : Trading, &c;, 11,834, or 18 per cent. ; agricultural and mining, 23,642, or 41 per cent ; pastoral, 1385, or 42 per cent ; shipping, 674, or very nearly 100 per cent. It is satisfactory to find that the bone and sinew of the coa »-y is thus growing, and that our immigrants are nc 1 oaf ing about town so much as was supposed. The farther out we go the greater is the inorease; so those who preach about honafide settlement may as well learn to keep their minds easy ; it is going on tolerably well without them. The increase during the five years is not only satisfactory as regards the general population, but it is especially so where it is of greatest importance — that is, among adult males. These increased from 28,471 in 1861 to 37,866 in 1866—33 per cont. Wo hava also soaio cluo to the physical comfort of Ih people 'from the ndmber'of houses 'in existence at nch period. In 18.61 there were 27,904, and in 1866?33,544; increase 5640, or/20, per ' cent ;' Con-' siderably short of the_.riite. of. increase among the population, which, however, was to be expected. In 1861, the average number of people' to each house was five, and, in.l86!- it is a fraction less. These are the principal facts in the returns, and the elaboration of them we shall leave to another opportunity:' The Daylesford Express reports that ' Mr Stan bridge lately received a 'letter from the overseer of his station, near the Murray, stating that, owing to the scarcity, of feed, there would be no increase of the sheep this season. . It was found necessary to destroy the lambs to save the ewes. If this is the faot the price of mutton is likely to be maintained for some time.' . We learn from tho Ballaarat Star that 'some curious petrifactions of bones of an extinct gigantic animal have just been unearthed from the Chryseis Company's mine. 1. They will probably occupy a space in the forthcoming local exhibition. It would be interesting to learn the exact period. and order to which they will be ascribed by paleontologists, for their form is so distinct that probably little diffi culty will be found in giving to them a habitation and a name. ' ? ?? , ;?????.,., ? . : i The Geelong Advertiser states that ' for the last few days rumors have been current that a Fenian f society had been organised in Geelong, and that seeret meetings had been held. For the truth of this rumor we cannot vouch, but one thing is evi dent, and that is, the sympathy for the cause is daily ; becoming louder, and several have been' heard to say that they would be happy to BubsQibe towards the' i relief of certain parties in Ireland.' The Aerated Bread Company haying, been wound up, a meeting of the shareholders took place at the r office, Bourke-street west, on Wednesday, f ortthe pur pose of appointing liquidators, in accordance with, the provisions of the Companies Statute. Mr W. M. Bell occupied the chair. On the motion of Mr Baker, seconded by Mr Hiixtable, it was resolved 'f that Messrs Bell, Mouritz and Simons be appointed liquidators, and that five per cent, upon the sum re oeived be the amount of remuneration.' A vote of thanks was' passed to the late directors, which brought the meeting to a close. i A scene which, occurred in the Sandhurst poliee court, on Tuesday, is reported ..as. follows by the Bendigo Advertiser :— 'During iho hearing of the. case of assault of M'Muhon v. Ranee,, M'Mahon misconducted himself by interrupting tho proceed ings by making remarks to the witnesses and ihe bench. He. was cautioned several times, but,-tlways broke put again. The pplice, magistrate made some remarks . upon the , trouble . Jae had had for, the last ien years wiiih i the quarrels, of the, M'Mahpns and Ranees, and speaking of M'Mahon especially, us a person, of ;viplent .temper, and not the best of, characters, , said he would yet find it necessary to try him under, the Vagrant Act. At the mention of the words ' Vagrant Aet,': M'Mahon in a boiling passion indignantly addressed '.,. the bench, saying that he got his living as honestly as Mr M'Lachlan. The police magistrate : ' Turn that , man out,; turn that man out.' M'.Mubon :. ', I!ll be. trifled wiLh no longer, take me up as a vagrant, indeed, I am as honest a man as ever you were, Mr M'Lachlan, and get my living; by hard work.' , The police magis trate : , ' Put that man in the look-up, lock him up ;' and forthwith lie was led into the dungeon. When the case was dismissed, Mr . Sirr, barrister, on be half of Mrs M'Mahon,, applied for the: release of M'Mahon, and the application was acceded to. M'Muhon was then brought out, and .told' , he was discharged. M'Mahon; ; I don't require my dis charge under the cironmstances.' , The police magistrate :' It's no use, I see, being .lenient, lock, him up,' and into the dark hole he was placed, again. At the adjournment of the: court he waa discharged.' '.'.,'??' 