CURRENT TOPICS. The sittings of the Insolvent Court will be resumed this morning, at ten o'clock. The usual monthly meeting of the Bamiockburn Shire Council will be held at the Leigh Load this day; and the usual fortnightly meeting of the Newtown and Chilwell Council will be held this evening. A meeting of the directors of the Wool leu Company will be held this day at the Town Hall, at two o'clock, for the trans action of important business. It will also be seen by advertisement that the fifth call of ten shillings per share has been made due and payable. Owing to some error in the advertise ment, the meeting of the shareholders of the Western Beach Bathing Company did not take place yesterday, but will, we understand, be held this evening, at the C.own Hotel. Attention is called to the important sale of furniture which is to be held by Mr M. S. Levy, this day, in Villamanata street. The rumour has reached us, by way of Melbourne, that it is not the intention of the Government to fill up the position of sheriff of the district, which will be rendered vacant by the promotion of Col. Rede to the staff of the volunteer force. .Major Wallace, theSheriff of Ballarat, will be called upon to perform the duties attached to the shrievalty of Geelong. We give the rumour without vouching in any way. for its accuracy, our faith in which is not very strong. We do not think the Ministry will be likely to offer so uncalled for a slight to the second city of the colony. The office of sheriff must necessarily be a resident, and the public will look for' the annonncement in the Gazette, of Colonel Rede's successor, with some interest. The Insolvent Court sat yesterday and his Honor Sir George Stephen, before the court rose, remarked to MrHarwood with reference to insolvents who carried on trade whilst in a state of insolvency, that as long as he had the honor of presiding at that court he would be very reluctant to grant certificates to any insolvent^ who was detected in carrying on trade whilst in a state of hopeless iusolvency. It was stated the other day in a ca3e Ex parte Braun re Brann that the English bankrupt law was substantially the same as the insolvency law, and in Ex parte Heffer it was stated that for an insolvent to' carry on trade whilst in a state of hopeless insolvency was to forfeit his certificate. He (Sir George) had had a conversation with the Chief Commissioner upon this point, and he had resolved he would not grant a certificate to such except in cases of unequivocal misfortune. He had men tioned this, as he thought it would be better to have it made known as it might be the meaus of putting a stop to the practice. - It is more than probable' that our sporting men will soon hear the_ hunts man's cry. Sam. Waldock was in Gee long on Eriday,- and in reply to a request made by several gentlemen, stated that j nothing would give him greater pleasure than to bring down his pack of hounds j for a week or so. Nothing definite was settled, hut a meeting at the British Hotel is spoken of, when it is to be hoped that a good programme will be arranged. It was stated that many of the Ballarat sporting men would join in the move ment; and if the affair comes off, the first meeting will most likely be held at Bellarine, where two or three old men are said to have taken up their quarters; the second at Meredith, and the finishing touch will be put to a good week's hunt ing in the shape of a drag, when many of our fellow townsmen will turn out to witness the start. It must not be under- j stood that Mr "Waldock intends doing this for any pecuniary gain, it is simply to give our local men an idea of what hunting is like, as it is long since they have been in the pigskin. An idiotic boy, who so far as informa tion could be gleaned from him is son of a shoemaker residing at Coliingwood, has been transmitted from Rokewood to Geelong en route to the Industrial School Melbourne. The warrant was made out for Geelong or Melbourne. The Indus trial School in Geelong only receiving in mates from Melbourne were compelled to : refuse admission on the order of the | Rokewood bench. This regulation of the Industrial School is worthy of consi- j deration by up-couutrv benches, as neglect of it entails extra expense on the depart ment, and great delay in carrying the order into effect. A misunderstanding appears to exist that children destined for the Industrial School may be sent direct to the Geelong institute, and it will there fore be not out of place to state definitely that children must, iu the first instance, when an order is made from the bench for their admission to the Industrial School, be sent to Melbourne. The Panama, New Zealand, and Aus tralian R. M. Company have added another line steamer to their splendid fleet for this mail service. The steamer Kaikoura arrived at the Heads on Satur day night, from London, making her passage in 54 days, and would have made it in 45 days had it not been for the accident of breaking two fans off her screw. This is a great event in [the history of steam navigation to this hemis phere, and will in all probability produce great results in giving a fresh impulse to mercantile enterprise and government postal arrangements. She is 1000 tons registered tonnage, and 500 horse-power; has accommodation for large cargo, 100 first class passengers • and about GO second class. Her arrangements, con veniences, comforts, and luxuries are all that the most fastiduous could desire. Her officers are able and obliging, and Captain Wheeler is undoubtedly the right mau in the right place. We rejoice at this new manifestation of enterprise in these colonies, and congratulate the Cpy. on the success of their operations so far, and wish them continued and unceasing prosperity. The Company's contract with New Zealand and New South Wales com mences early in June- The first start will be from Sydney, tbe 2nd Juue, and from Wellington on the Sth. A meeting of the Committee of the Geelong Anglers' Protection Society was held yesterday afternoon, at the British Hotel. There were present—Messrs Giblin, Wilson, Picken, Mercer, Brearley, Haimes, Corrigan, Johnstone, Munday, Gosling, M'Kenzie and Upston. The object of tbe meeting was to frame rules for tbe society and appoint office bearers. His Worship the Mayor was elected chairman, and Mr Upston, as hon. secre tary, read the minutes of tbe preliminary meeting, prbich were confirmed. On the motion of Mr Wilson, seconded by Mr M'Kenzie, tbe rules of the Melbourne Anglers' Society were submitted, and the meeting proceeded to discuss them clause by clause. On clause 3 being brought under consideration it was resolved, on the motion of Mr Giblin, seconded by Mr Wilson, that the annual subscription be 10s Gd, and that the payment of such sum constitute i mcxnbetshipi The clause defining the close season to commence in Mel- I bourne on the 1st of September, not ! beiug provided for by law, and being I I inapplicable to the fishing grounds about | Geelong was struck out, and payments of subscriptions fixed to be made on the first of January. The second week of I January was fixed for the annual meet- | ing aiul for the election of officers. At the preliminary meeting eleven members having been appointed a committee, it was resolved that five now form a quorum. Attention was drawn by MrPicketi to the alteration iu the Statute, which was, as consolidated, 20G Yic. No 25(5. instead of I i Yic 132 No. 102, as described in the rules | j of the Melbourne society. The first Monday in every month was next ap pointed as the time of meeting, quar terly meetings to be held in the secoud week of January, April, July, and Octo ber. The office-bearers and committee, numbering eleven conjointly, to meet monthly, to transact the general business of the Society, three to form a quorum. The Treasurer was instructed to submit written finaucc accounts at the quarterly meetings. A standing reward of L.r> was authorised for proof of infraction of the law, on conviction of the offender. The committee was next empowered to frame bye-laws, such bye-laws to be submitted to the next quarterly meeting for ratifica tion. It was then resolved that all rivers ] and waters should be proclaimed, to bring them within the operation of the Act. The committee then resolved into a ge neral meeting, and the bun. secretary brought up a report of the rules passed, which, on the motion of Mr Giblin, "seconded by Mr Picken, were adopted as the rules of the society. These will be j published in'exteuso, and are based upon the code adopted by the Melbourne Anglers' Association. -The meeting then proceeded. to the election of office | bearers. Captain Haimes was elected president, on the motion of Mr Mercer, seconded by Mr Corrigan. Mr Corrigan ] was elected vice president on the motion ; of Mr Mercer, seconded by Mr Wilson. Mr Giblin was nominated treasurer, but apologised for not accepting the office, because of the multiplicity of business already devolving upon him; Mr M'Keu zie was then elected to the office, on the J motion of Mr Gosling, seconded by Mr Mercer. Mr Upstou was elected' secre tary, on the motion of Mr Picken, seconded by Mr Corrigan, and on accepting office resigued as committee-man, and Mr J. Holmes, proposed by Captain Haimes and seconded by Mr Wilson, was elected in his stead. A very satisfactojy meetiug terminated with a vote of thanks to his worship the Mayor, and a general con versation on piscatorial sport and accli matisation ensued, and wound up the successful initiation of a society that will be widely patronised and effect a surveil lance of our fishing grounds, long deside rated by all thorough sportsmen. Complaints are still made by our fel low townsmen of the early hour at which the public lamps in the town are ex- I tinguisbed, thus giving ample oppor tunities for rogues and vagabonds to practice their predatory avocations. The I ratepayers at the western end of Great ! Malop-street complain of unfair treatment iti the disposition of the lamps. They affirm that although they are called upou to pay heavy lighting rates that there is not a lamp between the Advertise> Office and the Bank of Australasia. The matter Lowever will probably be brought before the Council by means of a numerously signed petition. . At the Insolvent Court yesterday, His Honor Sir George Stephen, in accordance with an application made by' Mr Speed, stated that be would hold special meet ings in the several estates of William Rutledge & Co, on Saturday next, when it is understood that a composition will be offered. \- A man name Michael Murphy was arrested yesterday ou warrant from Mel bourne, for disobeying an order made for maintenance of his wife. The case will be presented to .the bench this morning. A Mrs Kearney, who has. been for several days seen at JTyansford,' on the banks of the river, where it is stated she attempted to drown herself, was taken into custody yesterday by Constable Armytage, and will be brought before the bench this morning. Beyond the name, the party is unknown. The supply of goats in Moorabool-street, at night, has been very much in excess of the demand, and it is feared, unless prompt action i3 taken in the matter, it will continue so. The damage done by these animals to the cottage gardens at the top of the street is beyond a joke. Where the animals cannot jump the fence they have been known to use their horns as a lever, and so force off one or more palings. Cows can occasionally be seen wandering in the same street, but they are comparatively harmless. If a statement made by the insolvent Gaw, in the Court yesterday, be true, it would appear that the bakers of Ararat must be making enormous profits, as he said he expected to be able to pay LS00, with assets of the value of L90,. when flour came down. It was all the samej at Ararat whether flour was high or low— the price of bread was stationary. It was one shilling per loaf wh?n flour was L30, and it was oue shilling now that flour was Ll7 per ton. At the annual meeting of the Belfast Mechanics' Institute, held last week, the report of the committee for the past year was adopted. The receipts amounted to Ll22 123 6d, and the expenditure to Ll22 lis, leaving a small balance of in come for the new office hearers. "With regard to the building fund, the report says :—The total cost of the building, in cluding- the alterations and additions alluded to in last year's report, amounted to L3al 14s 7d, leaving about L130 to be provided for by your committee. A scheme had been matured whereby this amouat was to be takeu up iu interest bearing debentures, by persons interested in the success of the institution ; but at a public meeting of subscribers, to which this I scheme was submitted, three gentlemen came forward with an offer to collect the amount by donations, and the deficit was eventually made good through the exer tions of Messrs Bayly, Eaynes, and Cap- j tain Mills." Low fevers have for some time past been extremely prevalent at Ballarat. The Star reports—" The number of cases in the District Hospital during the last few months Itas shown a very marked increase upon the corresponding months in pre- j vious years; but, fortunately, with the j care and attention bestowed on the various patients by the medical authorities of that institution, the deaths bear a very small proportion to the number of poisons attacked. Since the beginning of the I year, 03 cases of this description of fever | have been provided for iu the hospital, and an opinion can be formed of the very successful treatment adopted, when it is | stated that out of that number only two deaths have as yet occurred; two-thirds of that number have been discharged cured, and the remaining third—about 20— are at present in the hospital under treat ment, and progressing favorably. Bine bream continue plentiful at Bream Creek. Mr Henry ityan Gosliug aud two other gentlemen paid the place a visit on Saturday, when they missed a good many heavy fish, but returned to town with sixteen pounds weight of bream every one of which would turn the scale at lib. It has been suggested that a handicap fish- , ing match should be held similar to that | which has recently taken place at Salt water Biver. Ballarat is evidently in earnest with regard to the forthcoming Exhibition. If "ir Saturday has the following : — A special meeting of the committee'of the Ballarat District Exhibition was held at Lie Mechanics' Institute on the cveniu" of Fnday, 4th May. Present—Mr Elliott d 1 £il!Ur)' Messrs James, St. John, Purdue, Gray, sen., Murray, Steimle, Pley dell, aud the secretary. The meeting had been called for the purpose of definitely fixing a day for the opening of the Ballarat fliXflibition, and after discussing a letter from JJr J, Q, guigbt relative to the sqb ject, it was moved by Mr James, seconded i.y Mr Gray, aud carried—' Tliat Mr Knight's suggestion be adopted, and that the Ballarat District Exhibition be opened on the 27th August,' Moved by Mr Pleydell, seconded by Mr Murray, and carried—' That applications for space be received up to 1st August.' Moved by Mr Gray, secouded by Mr Steimle, and carried—' That exhibits be received from the 20th to the 23rd, inclusive.' The secretary received instructions to write to Mr J. G. Knight, respecting circulars and other materials necessary for the use of the committee. Applications for space from Messrs Steimle and Abraham were referred to the select committee. It was decided that exhibitors sending in goods for sale might affix prices thereto. The secretary was instructed to communicate with Mr Knight relative to the Act for the protection of exhibitors." How Chinese oaths are sometimes ad- I ministered in our minor courts of law is shown in the following, which we take from the Grenville Advocate :—" A heartier burst of laughter is seldom heard in a police court than was heard yesterday during the hearing of a case before the Smythesdale bench. A Chinese witness had to be sworn, but the interpreter had not one lucifer about him. The want was i at once supplied by a legal gentleman who carried a supply in his waistcoat pocket. He handed a lighted match to the witness. and after the necessary words had been proiiounced by the interpreter the wituess essayed to blow out the light. This, however, was a task beyond his power, for the learned gentleman had supplied a match that burned brighter for being blown upon. The amazement of the wit ness and his ludicrous attempts to ex tinguish the. match would have furnished a splendid subject for the pencil of a Smythesdale Hogarth, and so excited the risibility of, all in the court that it was some minutes before business could be proceeded with. ; . : Portland has recently been troubled with ghosts, the demolition of one of which is reported in the Western Times : —Last week as a labourer residing in the direction of the Double Corner was re turning home, he managed to come in contact with" .one of these so called ghosts. On first observing it the man stopped ; seeing, however, that there was no movement in it, he approached a little nearer and stopped again. He did the same a second and third time, when he had got near enough to kick it, and on so doing to his astonishment it fell to the ground. It being too dark to inspect the ghost, the place was visited in the morning, when tbe man found that in stead of kicking what he had first taken it to be, be had knocked Down a few palings, with some white clothes nailed upon them in the form of a man. The Ballarat Star reports that Lewis Daniel Levy appeared before the Eastern Police Court on Friday on another charge of embezzling the fnuds of the Ballarat Ea3t Borough Council. " Before the case was gone into the charge was altered to that of larceny as a servant, to which charge Levy pleaded guilty, and was sen tenced to six months' imprisonment. There were two other charges against the prisoner, but they were withdrawn. For his defalcations in connection with the council, Levy has now received two sen tences of six mouths' imprisonment each, and is also committed for trial on one of the charges of embezzlement." We havebeeu requested to acknowledge receipt' of L5 from Charles Brodie? Esq. Also, Ll Is from .T. Paterson, E-q.,' Mel bourne, both for the poor box. The latter was placed in the hands of his Worship the Slayor for this purpose. . The following is the retnrn of births and deaths, registered in Geelong and dis trict for the week ending .May 5th, 1866 : —Births, males, 9; females, 13; total 22. Deaths, males, 7 ; females, 7; total, 14. Excess of births, 8. - The following returns show the state of her Majesty's Jail, on Monday, May 7thFor trial, 3 males 5 females; on remand, 2 males ; for medical inquiry, 1 male 2 females ; road gang, 3 males; hard labor, 30 males, 11 females; confines 14 males, 8 females ; lunatics, 8 males 5 females; for bail, 2 males. Total, 03 males, 29 females, and 1 child in arms. 