DALBY. (From the Herald, February 15.) The Hon Joshua P. Bell has accepted an invitation from a numerous body of gentlemen in Dalby to be present at a banquet on Tuesday, the 6th March next. Mr. Bussell, late C.P.S. here, took his departure yesterday for Nanango, at which place he has been ap pointed C.P.S. and Postmaster. A meeting was held last evening for the purpose of appointing gentlemen to act as stewards in the coming races. It was resolved that the races shall take place on the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd of May next, the following gentlemen to act as stewards :—J. P. Bell, A. Bell, J. Challicombe, G. H. Green, J. Sidney, H. Koch, D. Ord, G. B. Kilgour, J. Skelton, H. Campbell, W. Kent, W. Graham, J. Milstead, J. Ryan, F. W. Roche, J. Howlin, J. Anderson, G. W. Harris, H. Thorn, and R. Glissan. Judge, R. Sexton; treasurer, G. H. Green; secretary, F. S. Bowerman; starter, J. Challi combe; clerk of the course, R. Ross. It was further resolved that a Jockey Club should be formed, and a sub-committee was accordingly appointed to frame a code of rules to be submitted to a general meeting on the 28th instant. The programme of the annual races will be similar to the one issued last year. In order to meet the requirements of the public, the Bank of Queensland is now issuing notes representing value to the amount of ten shillings. These notes, we understand, are being issued at all the branch estab lishments of the Bank of Queensland, and are intended to facilitate the transaction of business with merchants, storekeepers, and others. Considerable interest appears to have been recently manifested by persons entitled to the franchise in Dalby and its neighbourhood, for no fewer than 175 persons are represented to have sent in claims to have their names put upon the Electoral Roll for the Northern Downs District. The list is to be seen at the office of the Clerk of Petty Sessions, and anyone who is disposed to object to the names on such list will have to deposit the sum of £1 for each name objected to, such amount to be lodged with the Clerk of Petty Sessions. All objections to be made before the 1st of March proximo. On looking over the list we find a great many claims are made by persons on the Jimbour run, the station owned by Bell and Sons, as the following table will show:—Jimbour, 89 ; Coo ranga, 18; Cumkillenbar, 17; Dalby, 19; total, 143. 'The qualification of those on Jimbour and Cooranga principally comes under the heading of "house holder." The election of aldermen for the municipality of Dalby took place on Tuesday. The candidates were Messrs. Bowerman, Gibson, and O'Keeffe. From the time of opening the poll till sunset, great interest was manifested in the proceedings. A carriage, drawn by four "beautiful bays," was early pressed in the service of two of the candidates for municipal honours, and, besides carrying a large flag, was decorated with placards calling upon the ratepayers to "Vote for Gibson and O'Keeffe," with a further injunction to "poll early." The occupants of this vehicle were both numerous and noisy, and were evidently delighted with the skill with which " William," who was elaborately "got up" for the occasion, whipped round almost every post in the township. Whenever one of these magpie- com plexioned ornaments was passed with a closer "shave" than usual, or an unfortunate lost his equilibrium and fell into the road, the cheers became quite boisterous. One who represents him self to have experienced the " ups and downs" of the event pronounces the whole affair to have been glorious. Nco accident, hdwever, occuar'ed to spoil the a-? a. T~he 'other candidate sand his friends were cnot "idle. At at early hIour he could be found in the vicilty of the polling place, and appears to hIave wo$e with some success. Thie election tlroughout '?ea contested, and tile votes hIave been pretty evenly ditributaed. At thle close of the poll, the votes -were as follows :-Bowerman 55, Gibson 55, eand 'Keeffe 48. At ten o'clock on Wednesday, Mfr. G"yler tile returning-olneer, officially declared tlat Messrs. Bowerman and Gibson weoe duly elected as mnmbers of tbo -Coanell for 1the enuubag year; aucd Mr Milstead was elcected auyor. On Mnoida last thIe ceremons y of Ihying tlce foun' daiohn tone of the Churchl of England was performed * by F. W. T Bohe, Esq.,' J.P., in presence of a large a~d swapectable concourse of people, comprising nmem bers of all denominatioans in town. The day wans re mairkably lIne; and an awning liad been erected by the contractor, Mr. Hill, whhich afforded protection 'froma thai lot sun to the greater portion of tile persons iresenl. 'The site of the bnilding is nearly opposite thei School of Arts, and on tile Churchl of England Shbobl reserve. Some thne previous tothiat appointed for the'seremony (twelve noon) a large body of ladies and gentlemen had assembled beneath tlhenaninsg, and Sall masnifeosted great interest i thle paroceedings. Pre aisely at noon, the Revy. E. G. MIoberly gave out Psalm clv., cmmnencing "I will magnify Thee, 0 God mn King," in which all joined. A prayer and Poshn lIriv.--"O, how amiable are Thy dwelliags"-fol lowed, when thle stone msa lowered into its place, and duly adjaste4 Mr. Roell saying, "In the faitla of J'esus SChriit we p e this foundaltion-stone, in thle nameo of the Fatlsr and of tice Son and of the Holy Ghost." A lhymn was theac sung, several pncyers read, and lthe procedings terminated " sit l the Lord's lrayer and the IinedTiot. Previous totnle stone beiag lowered, some.silver coins and a copy of the Dalky 1lersald and the Briebae Conrier of Thursday last were deposited iri a cavity beneatha it. 