CASE OF MRS. RYVES. A report of tihe first part of the trial, Rvves a. At toraey-General, appearedin a late issue of tiisjournal Subjoined is an abstract of the subsequent precoed ingee - On the rgse being resumed on June 2 several wit nesses were called to prove the birth and position of Dr. Wilmor, and the authnlt.iiev of several rertifi rates signed by him. Toe peti'iooers' attorney also produced a portrait of " The Princess Olive," bot the court ruled that it was inadmissible. Dr. Smith said it would prove by the striking likeness Mrs. Serree's connection withlthe royal family. (A laugh.) It was at any rate moral evidence.--Tbe Lord Chief Baron: As fir as I can see the case of the learned gentlemana has not much morality in it.-Dr. Smih ]hoped that his lordship would abstain from expressing such an opinion, at all events for the preseut.-Wlhen tlhe oourt retired for a short timeo to luncheon, the picture was exhibited to the spectators, and the reporters state that "its striking likeness to George IV. was the subject of general remark." The Attorney-General on his return insisted on the portrait being instantly covered sip. The whole of the day was occupied it procurilng documentary evidence in support oa the petitioners' ease. At the close of the court, the fur ther hearing of the mase was adjournod to June 6, daring the whole of wlhich day Mr. Nethlerclift, the expert, was under examination with reference to the gnoinetess of signatures The minute particulars of his eridence could not be made itellitgible in a report withoutfae similes of the various documents; but its general and distinet purl ortwas thatthe disputeddoa ments w, re genuine, judging by comparison with ad mittedly genuine documents. HIe stated in answer to a question from the Lord ChiefJustice, that thle moral probability of suchl men as George ill. and Dunning putting their names to such doeuments did not enter into his onsideration in forting hisjudgment. On June 7 the evidence as to the lhandwriting of the docaments pr .dueed by the petitioners was con tinued, and Mr. Netherelif was ogsin put into the box, when he made sopbe rather importatt admissions. Ater he had deposed to the genuineness of the eigna t:e " J. Dunning," he was shown some pspero writ theby Lord Ashburtot, including his will, and he at othe retracted his' opinion, stating that he did not thisik that the doctlments before the court could have eln written by the same person as had written the Attorey-G-enerl's spseimens. A paper was put in, -hereby Mr.and Mrs. Robert Wilmot acknowledged to hare taken the infant child of the Duke of Comberland, their niece, into their joint protec tion. Comparing this with .fr.and Mrs. Wilmot's sign?ture to the register of their marriage. he thought it gen ine; but on cross- examination ihe adhdtted' that there were only small similarities and gre~t differenase. As the case lsgrossed, the signa tre of Lord Chatham was adll by Mr. Nethle' elift to be a forgery. Al th eonclusion of this witneoss's evidenee on the afternoon of the 7th, Mrs. Ryres, the "Princess Olive," was examined. The reporters describe her ds a very ladylike person, possessing features which very strongly resemble tile portraits of the last generation of the royal family, and add that she demeans herself with the most remarkable ease and self-possession. She gave her evidence very clearly and firmly, she repeated with amphlais the oath administered to her to tell "nothing but the truth," and in the course of her examination, wheri: a seat was offered her, shelo said sihe rwas not tired, sand she could stand for ever to protect the honoar of Ier family. She was first examined as to her marriage with Mr. Ryves, which she said she had on-u?ieo emember. It took place in November, 1822, atSt. Georgo the Martyr, Southwark, and she obtained a decree of divorce from him in 1841. She then provedtthe birth of her son, the other petitonert at -anhell, in Maxrch, 1883. In 1859 she presented a ptition for a decree declaring the validity of the marriage of her fathler and mother, and her own legitimacy-not, she said, from any motive of fraud, bat to establish these facts. Tshepetition came on for hearing in 1861, the trial lasted four days, and a dearee was pronounoed in hler farour. The Attorney Geiseral was represented at the hearing by Mr. Welaby and Mr. Roche, and did not oppose it. The pr-ooeedings in this suit were put in evidence. Mrs. yrves then gave evidence a to her early history. She said :--"I was born in 1797, and I remember coming tolsondon from Liverpool with my father and mother then I was only two and a half years old. We lived in Harley-street, at the British School of Artists, wlhieh my father founded. I lived withl myfatherand mother until their separation in 1802, and after that I lived with my mother. Ileft schlool at the age of 18." The petitieoner's counsel thlen proposed to examine her respecting some declarations made by Hannah Lightfoot, the alleged wife of George III., and on the court objecting that they had no eridence that Hannah Lightfoot was thie wife of George III., too doouments professing to be certificates of the marriage were put in, one signed " George P." the other ~ George Guelph." Thq court, however, declared unantmously their opinion that these were forgeries, and declined to permit them to be used. Tim petitioner then went pn to narrate, with exceed uing particularity, how the Earl of Warwick made known to her tihe secret of her birth, how her mother supplied the earl with means to go to Warwick Castle to hunt up the necessary doncuments, ise being at the time so poor that he could not find the money himself, being often indeed, as Mrs. Ryves said, unable to buy a sheet of note paper, and how tile earl satisfled the Duke of Kent of the royalty of the petitioner's family. "' The Duke of Kent," said Mrs. ryves, "took eachl of the papers in his hland and exasmined them, and he expressed himself perfectly atisfied tsattlhe signatures of George II. were in hie MItser's writing. He acknowledged my mother as his mcuin. iHe 3aid tlat she was Princess Olive of Onambeaaid,'tlhe only legitimate issue of the duke's morviage, and that for the future, Lord Warwick beinglt 'tich a state of health thlat he might die at any nhomibent, he would take on himself the solo proteotionand guardianship of my mothier and me." From the petitionert's further evidence it seemed that the EBrl-of Warwik was under contilaal obligatioes to her mother in pecuniary matters. On the sitting of the court on the 8th, Mrs. Ryves was recalled and Iher examination resumed. She re poeated in substance her previous evidence, and stated, in addition, that tihe Duke of Susser, as well as thle Dluke of Kent, acknowledged the signature of their father to the documents now produced. She also mentioned tlsat she and her mother had frequently received money from the Duke of Kent, and that it was always given by cheque on Countts's bank. Site was then erous.examined at great length by the Attor ney- Geneal. It appeared from her evidenice that her mother. Mrs. Serres, was an astrologist, a ghost-see,, and a litersey lady of no small pretensions. She had isased a ?imasnilfe to the people of Poland stating that she had providbntially discovered her descent from the royal l?milybf that eountry, and cealling upot thlem to invite lier to tethe throne. In this paper she stated thather lsegitimsaoy as the Duchess of Cumberland had been eshtablisled by a lecal tribunal in England. It appeared further that Mirs. Serres had ptIblished a book, in which she claimd the nuthorshlip of "Jtnius"' for Dr. Wilmot. It was stated ttat twhen a girl she had taken the manuscript out of Dr. Wilmot's library to scribble in, and then, fearing his anger, had secreted the volume, and it had remained in her possession forgooten until it was accidentally discovered by Mrs. lbyes. The eross-examinatioe of the petitioner, which was not finished when thie court rose, was resumed on the moroing of the,Dth June by the Attorney-General. The nmemorial of Mrs. Serres to King George IV., in which she claimed to be ecknowledged Princess Olive of Camberland, was read. It differed in man rey c speete from the neccout already given, but the wetness aid the errors it contaiced were the errors of Mr. Nugeent Bell, the "genealogical counsel" whom her brother had employed. Shle stated tlhat the Duke of K-nt believed that Mar . Seree was really legitimate from 1815 to 1818, std that somebody having then told him that the marriage of the Duke of Oumberland was nullified by tihe Royal Marriages Act. Ise per eusaded ber thit she was illegitimate till 1819, whes she was informed by n elergyman that thie Act had not been passed till five years after. In the memorial the word "offspring" was spelt "orfspring," and that error Mrs. Ryvres attributed to Mr. Bell; tbut a birth day ode to the Pl'rince of Wales, whilch Mrs. Serres sad written with her own Ihand in 1812, was found to contain the following lines: HNal valued. Hour ofsepreng of Iteavce' smile, 'The creat snd mishty suecor ast's. Iale. This ooenttric orthogl'ntphy was found in several othler anutograph papers of Mrs. Serves. The Attortiey Geneorl clled for thel originals of several documents printed il Mrs. Rlyves's pampllet relating to the birth and identification of her mother, atd other llmatters, but they were not produced. The learned counsel read some "private and confidential" communiesttion:s addressed by Mr. Bell to Henryvlia)pere, Esq., Unsdel Secretary of State. I oneu of them Mr. Bell stated that he had seen certain papers ill Mlrs. Serres's lpoes sesion which hIe beliered to be genuine, and that un less her Majesty declared her to be the Princess of Comberland within a few hours the paper. would be riven to the publie, and a revolution might be brought about. In another Mr. Bell said that he had seen several certifleate, the first signed by Dr. Wilmot, stating that his late MajetyGeorge III. was married at Kew to Hannah ightfoot in 1759; the second, signed by "J. Dunning" and "Chatham," stating that his late majesty was married to Queen Oharlotte, after the death of Queen Hannah, in January, 1761, by Dr. Moore; and the third, signed by his late majesty, declaring Williasn Henry to be his frst legi. timate son. The witness had heard come rumours about the subject of a seond certifalte, but she had never seen such a paper. She had heard Dr. Moore' was a friend of Dr. Wilmot. Dr. Fraser, a physician, was then enamined,and he stated that when a young man, shortly after he en tered the medical profession, he attended upon the late Princess Olive, as she was then called. He attended her from February, 1882, to February, 1884. He was introduced by Mr. Macaulay, a literary gen tieman. He visited her frequently, and talked a great deal with her upon a variety of subjects, including polities and her own affairs, and he never had the least reason to suppose that she was a person of un sound mind. Since that period witness had had con sideoble experience with regard to insane patients. Mr. A. W. South said he had been acquainted with the late Princess Olive, and had fequently conversed with her relative to the claims she put forward on the subject of her birth. He believed her to have been as sound in mind as he was himself A dooument was then read by the learned counsel, purporting to be the last will and testament of the Sarl of Warwick, dated the 22nd June, 1812, in which it was stated that, from tite iqjuries his lord ship had received at the hands of his eldest son, he was induaed to bequeath to Olive, Princess of Oum berland, all his real and personal estate upon condi tions which he was nsure she would observe. The Attorney-General said there was also a letter written by Lord Warwick, purporting to give reoasons for malking thistle will, and in which it was stated that the letters of "Junius" were written by Dr. Wilmot. Mrs. Byves believed that she could still propound the will.-At the close of Mrs. Byves's evidence, the will snd a. Post-oice frank of Lord Warwiok, and the will of the Duke of Kent, were put in as specimens for comparison of handwriting, and this conacluded the uase for the petitioner.-Thsfurther hearing was then postponed till June 18, wlten it was resumed, and the coase for tihe defence entered upon. The Attorny-Goeneral detailed the circumstances connected with the ease which ihe would have to lay before thie jury. He alleged that the petitioner'a mother was the daughter of Robert Wilmot, and in proof of that he quoted the bond entered into on her msrriage, in which she was stated to be the daughter of Ilthat gentleman, and also to Dr. Wilmot's wil~l, in which site was left a legacy as his niece, and the daughter of his brother Robert Wilmot. He could not help bearing in his mind, and of representing it to the jtry, that this lady, the petitioner's mother, was of diisordered mind. In proof of that he read the singular letters which she addressed to the Prince of Wales, and which he referred to in the cross-examina tion of the petitioner. These Ictters ran from 1809 to 1818, and they oontalned statements of the most ar traordinary character, allowing that her mind was full from beginning to end of insane delusions. In one of them shite offered to lend the Prince of Wales £e20,000, provided he would granther a personal intoeriew even for twao hours. This interview she sought in many letters. In others she lamented her poverty, and asked for asaistance. Several of these indicated that she was a grat gabbler in astrology. But the most conclusive part of the case was this:--Between the death of the Earl of Warwick, in May, 1816, and the deathi of George IIL, in 1820, the stories she gave of her case were inconsistent with each other, and totally inconslistent with the story which she told in 1821. Tite first story she published was that she was the illegitimate daughter of the Duke of Oumberland by Mrs. Payne, wife of Captain Payne, who had gone abroad and never returned, who was a sister of Dr. Wilmot's. And in several of her letters at the time, she stated Dr. Wilmot to be her uncle. This was in May, 1817. The seeaond story was that she wasa natural daughter of the Duke of Cumberland by a sister of Dr. Wilmot's, a lady of large fortune, wham the duke had seduced under the promise of marriage. Again, in July, 1818, she wrote to the Prince Regent to the effect that she was told by the Earl of Warwie that she was the daughter of the Duke of Oumberland, who gave him £2000 to be paid to her, but which he had spent, and was in consequence ashamed to go to the Prince of Wales and unfold the circumstances of her birth. S1e, however, regretted that with the deathl of the Earl of Warwick, in 1816, all evidence of her birtlh and parentego had been lost. And yet the petitioner now came into the witnsss'box and gave a minute detail of the visits of the Duke of Kent and Earl of Warwick to hIer mother in 18156; the produce tion of the paper. which disclosed all the eirosmstanes of hier title; while in the letter to the Prinoe Regent her mother distinctly stated that with the death of the Earl of Warwick she was afraid all trae of her parentage was lost. But then in 1821, when the Duke of Kent and George Il. were dead, she told a different story, and alleged tlhat from documents found in a sealed packet, opened in 1819, she lound that shte was the daughter of theDahe of Cumberland and his duchess, Olive Wilmot, a daughter of Dr. Wilmot. There were a great many sealed packets in this case, but certainly this was the most extraordin ary one. There were several of the documents said to be produced in 1815 which stated that it was Dr. Wilmot's daughter who married the Duke of Coumber land; and if there was truth io the production of these at that time, shIe had no occasion to wait for the opening of thie sealed packet in 1819 to inform her of it. If tlhere had been a sealed packet there was no ques tion, from the letters of petitioner's mother to the Prince Regent, that it was opened long before 1819; at all events, the documents produced now could not have been the same as those in existense then, for in those documents there is no word of Mrs. Payne; and the stetement was plain and distinct that it was Dr. Wilmot's own daughter that he married to the Duke of Cumberland, wtile the Earl of Warwick, in a letter to the princess, apake of that Olive Wilmot as hier "angelie mother.' It wans not likely he would have so spoken of Mrs. Payne, a married woman, and it was almost incredible that Dr. Wilmot would lhave married hIis sister, a married woman, to the Duke of Cumberland. As to what was said about thle Royal Marriage Act, it wasout of the question to suppose that tite Royal Marriage Ant rendered the marrtage null. Then it was said thiis lady was bound to keep certain matters secret until ahfter the death of George IlL.; but she had a singular way of keeping that secret, for years before thile king's death she was per petually dunting the Prince of Wales with statements of her case. The learned gentleman referred to certain statetnents made by the princezs in her life of Dr. Wilmot, published in 1813, and a vindicatiou of Itis claim to thle title of "Junius," published in 1817, in order to show that site paid conssderable attention ti the comparison of handwriting, as evinced in her statements relative to tihe manuscript of "Junius" in Mri. Woodfall's possession, and her assertion that no ote could compare thlat manuscript withl Dr. Wilmot's lhandwriting without being satisflred thlat they were both traced by tihe same land. He next alluded to the letter written by Mr. Bell, the legal adviser of the princess, to th· 8eeretaryof State, in 1821, iu further ance of her claim. These he characterised as begging letters, and that of the most gross character. There was, in fact, a whole family of such documents, but none of them were now forthcoating. On these docu ments there were 14 names which appeared on tie papers now relied on, and 12 which didot e so appear. The petitioner had now put in evidence 72 doeumeets. Besides these 10 mere had been produced from the Treasury. Il the memorial of 1821 there were 11 more, the originals of which were not now produced, while in the pamphlet published by the petitioner there were 26 more, of which the originals were not kroduced; altogethler the docuuments mentioned as baring on thle case were over 160, while out of the whole only 82 were produced. And what sort of documents were theyP Why, they were such that no expert in the world could give evidence of the hand writing from them. With two exceptions they were written on little scraps and strips of paper, and all without the water-mark of date. The learnled gentleman was prooeeding with his address, when; the foreman said hie was commissioned by hIis fellow-jurors to express their opinion that there would not be the slightest necessity to call evidence to rebut the case of the petitioner, for in their unani mous view the documents relied upon by her were spurious. The Chlief Justice.: II that case you only share the opinion of my learned brethren and myself. We have long felt that every one of thesea papers is a palpable forgery; nor is there one part of the petitioner's ease whih; groee with the rest. Dr. Smith then addressed thejuryat some length ont the part of tile petitioner, after whichl the Chief Justice summed up, uid the 4ury delivered their ver dicet, which, stripped of tochobcditie, was this:-That no such maarriace as that alleged between the Duke of Oumberland and Olive Wilmot hlad ever thken place,. and that the so-c~alletd Prinecess Olive was not their legitimate daughter. The Attorney-General then aked that the docu ments might be impounded, and intimated that if the case had gone on he should have been able to prove that Dr. Wilmot was at Oxford st the time of the pretended marriage in London; and that Lord War wick, before his accession to the title, never signed hiiself " Brooke" but "Grerile." The documents were then ordered by the Court to be impounded, and the ase concluded. In the House of Lords on June 7 Lord Brougham took the oath and his seat, this being the first appear. ante of the noble and learned lord since the assem bling of the new Parliament; and on the day follow. ing his Royal Highness, Prince Alfred, took the oaths snd his seat as the Duke of Edinburgh before the assembling of the House. The Marquis of Westmeath presented petitions to the Lords on the 12th June complaining of Romilsh practices in several dioceses, and called upon the episc c?pal bench to explain why they permitted them. His lordship described several of the ceremonies to which he objected, and demanded that some steps should be taken to prevent the Church from being unprotestantised in this fashion. A short disesilon ensued, and the subject dropped. Lord Lyttelton lately moved tihe second reading of a bill to prevent the dramatising of works of efiction without the consent of the author. The bill was op. posed by several peers on the ground that it would lead to interminable litigation. On a divisiou the bill was rejected by 89 votes to 11. On June 18 the Bishop of London presented a petition from Miss Burdett Cotrts in reference to the foundation ofcertain bishoprics in the colonies, which stated that she had contributed £17,500 towards a bishopric at Caps Town, £17,500 for one at Adelaide, and £16,000 towards one in British Columbia, for which letters patent were granted, and a kind of guarantee given by the State that these bilshoprice should be maintained in connection with the Church of England; but the funds contributed had been diverted from the object to which they were devoted. The right rev. prelate pointed out that the case of Dr. Colenso had canused so much confusion in the status of colonial hishops that legislation was re quired.-The Archbishop of Canterbury remarked that the problem to be'solved was hIow, after the recent decidion of the Privy Council, the connection between the mother Church and the Church in the colonies could be malintained. After that decision there could be no doubt that the colonial Chlurch was effectually severed from the supremacy of the Crown, anu tie only way to remedy the evil which had been produced in consequence was to legislate upon the subject.--Earl Grey considered that if the doctrines and formulariea of the Established Church were to be preserved it was necessary to maintain the supremacy of lie Crown over every branch of the Church. He recommended that aseleot committee should be appointed to inquire into the actual position and condition of colonial bishops.--Earl Russell, the Bishop of Oxford, Lord Lyttelton, Lord foughton, and the Duke of Argyll having delivered their opinions upon the subject, the diseussion was brought to a close by a notice from th~e Archbishop of York that on June 21 he should more for a select committee to inquire into the connection b.tween the colonial Church and the Church at home. Among those who lhad assembled to hear the Reform debate in the House of Commons were tie Chineset ambaseadors and their suite. In reply to a question asked as to their standing in the country, -Mr. Layard stated that, though they were not regularly acecredited to this Court, her Majesty's Government had been asked to give them every facilityin seeing the country. In the House of Commons on June 7, Mr. Mill presented a petition from 1550 ladies-shouseholdere ?I- the upper and middle claeees-- praypnga that suflra~Ce snould b? extended to "reesident henseholders" or their eer. The Duke of Edinburghl (Prince Alfred) took the chair on June 11 at the 51st anniversary festival of the Royal Caledonian Aeylumn,established to maintain and educate the children of Scottish soldiers, sailors, and marines who have died or been disabled in the sersice of Great Britain, and also the children of de serving but indigent Scottish parents. One of the most remarkable of the secial phenomena of the present year has been the movement on the part of almost every section of thebs working classes for advanced wages. In the building and other cognate trades, the men have also required a reduction of the hours of labour. Mostly, these demands have been willingly acceded to by the masaters, but in some eases strikes and leeook-outs have taken place, in which the men have notalwaysproved victorious. The move ment has now extended from tile land to the water. The whole of the sailors in thie port of London have struck for an advaunea of wages, and, as their demands are not allowed, the shipping business has received a sudden cheek. A des~tructive fire which has jet broken out at New castle-on-Tyne will be memorable for thie danger in which it placed theim famous high-level bridge of that town. Brown's steam flour-mills, the largest in the district, became ignited from some unknown cause, and being right uuder one of the arlces at the end of thie high-level bridge, that noble monument of Stepheoson's engineering genius was in great danger, and at one time the footpalls with its asphsalte flooring wason Bre. Tihe ashlar eoating of one of the piers was red hot, and the corners were snapped off by tile excessivehealt. Tlponderoeus tension barsof wrought iron, stretching from one arch to another, above the mills, were quite ineandescent, and they yielded with an expanlsion of some two or three inches in the centre. Sreat efforts were made, however, to arrest the flames; and as the bars cooled they gradually drew up to their former position. Tile bridgestretehcs across the Tyvne at an eleration of 86 feet above high water mnrk, and the second bridge for the railway is 22 feet hIigher. The scene, when it was in a blaze, and the mrelted asphsltum pouring in blazing streams upos the Ihouses below, is described as exciting in the highest degree. The damage to thie mill is set down at £40,000; that to the bridge cannot yet be estimated. Tile Righst Rev. Dr. Cuollen, the lRomn Catholich Arehbishop of Dublin, has been made o cardinal. Tie? new cardinal is tile first Irish bishop who has been ele rated to this dignity by the Holy See. He has lelt Dublin for Rome to be invested with his new dignity. It is said that he declined it on a previous oceasioti, and has only been prevailed upon to actept it now in consequence of the interests of thle Roman Catholie Csurcl in Ireland seeming to the Pope to require that he should occupy such a position. The Reomauns Catholic clergy of tile diocese of Armagh have selected threoe names to be sent to the Pop;, thst he may appoint one of them to thie Primcry, vecaut hr the death of Dr. Dixon. They are thile Very Bur. Dr. _ieren, parish priest of Dundalk, Dignirrssimie; tihe Very Rev. Dr. Russell, Presidest of Maynoothl CA legs, Dignior; and tihe Very Rev. Canon Tiersey, Dig nius. As a rule, the Pope reslpects the nomniation, of the clergy, and does nott go beyond the three names submitted to him, but hclie seact them oside in thile case of Dr. Cullen, who Inhad beetl a resident in Rome and was a stranger to tlhe diocese. Tle numbers are netrly equal between Dr. Kieran and Dr. Russell-28 anttl 26. Ote of the most disastrous fires that have tak.n place in Dublin for a long timedioke out tihe otll;er evening in tile eatensive tasloring establishment of Do loay and Co., next to tle Ballsulet-ofice, in Weslmoru land-street. There was nobody in tile house whem the fire was discovered but Mrs. Delusey, Mics Di.sney and her two younger sisters, Mr. A. Straeln, wie hasp pened to be paying a visit to thle family, and a servant girl. Withl a most extraordinary rapidity the fames seized on ansd consumed everylthing that was conesmu ble, in tile shop and on the ldrawiig-room floor, and were rapidly extending higher still. Sevreal human forms, hIalf obscured by tise asoke, appeared at the middle window of the attic floor, shrieking loudly for assistanoe, when two fire-escapes were broughlt up. One of these was reared against tile front of the house, and efforts were made to get it ilto a pIosition to be availed of by the poor ereatures whoie were in such peril; but, from some cause or other, great difleulty was ex periened in endeavouring to mansge it. At this time one of the party who were in the attic of the burnin.g house, a man, appeared imploring assistance for his female companioss. A gentleman, whoi was ilassing lwhen tihes fi?re attracted his attention, rtsheld uF the fi8·e-esmape ladder to render assistuaneer but a porlion of the moohinery gave way, and he was obliged to retire. He was followed by one of the men of the fire brigade, a brave fellow named Oilligan, who also made great efforts to reseh thle hIouse; but the fire-escape was found useless, sud, after undergoing considerable risk of failing on seooomnt of thle ontdilion it had got into, hlie oame to the ground again. Tuhe othler fire-escupe was also found useless. Tihe shrieking voices liead now ceased, and a rumour spread through thle crowd, whichl ereutnally proved true, that the six persons in tihe attio had been suffoeated. The Ballast-ofBee escaped. The eonuflagration could be seen milse away. The Italians of London are not disposed to look idly on while their e untrymen at hosne make a supreme efort to drive the Auotrines out of Vcnetia. At a meeting held at the London Tavern, Bishopsgato street, the utmost enthusiasm prevailed. It wae pro posed that a sebscription should be raised for the saoteancofol thie wounded, and no less ltoan £200 was subserribed in the room. Further, it wasresnlred thet at least £120 a month should be sent out during th' continuance of tile war. Every gentleman present pledged himself to subscribe Inargely. An opinionhas been published on the subject of ritualism, signed by Sir Boundell Palmer, Sir fughi Cairns, Mr. Mellish, Pand Mr. Barrow. Thiese emi nent lawyers declare that tile nee of the vestments prescribed by King Edward V.'s Prayer Book is illegal, and might be punished under the Chnrch Diseipline Act of 1840; that lights on thie comrmunion table, "not burnt for tile sake of givinr light, hobut oas an ingredient in the service." are forbiddon Iy l)r. Lushirfgton's judgment; and that incetse, wafers, hymns during the administration of the elements, aol?nd the ceremonial mixing of water with lthe wine, re also contrary to the law. The Prineesa Dagmar has been betrothed to tile Carewitch. The Venerable Thomas Thorp, I.D., Archrdeacon of Briestol, created some eonsternaltion by a statementi made in his charge on the occasion of his visitation at Bristol recently. Tile venerable archdeacon, aft'r st-ting that he had given notice in Co.nvocation if a motion for the produotion of a copy of thle origiltl prayer-book said that he had no heailtcio ill dchlbor Incg that to publish the hbnis of marrialge fler the second lesson, os was done in many itlaences at prc sent. wte illegal, and every marriage thalt tooa pitce after banns so published was void, and every clergy man who had so published them wals liale to 1lyears' transportation. The lroper time at whinh tilhe hunns should be published was just before ithe olfertory en- tences were read. He had no doubt, ihoweverr, that an act would be passed to indemnify all clcrgynwnr who had erred in this respect, anti to reeognoie the validity of thIe marriages which had been solemniseid after banns so published. A letter from Rome of the 15th J1une says:-" The suapicion with whirch pr'lotes from Bomrne are looked on at Florence proved inronvecient to the Australian Arehbishop of Sydney, Dr. Polding, who, returingt hence to England, was arrested in that city Ilst week on the very evening of his arrival fromn Rome, but liberated on the following morning. Arclhbi.hop Cutlen has arrived here in time for the approsachling Consistory, at whichl he is to be raised to the nank of cardinal." 