ST. ANDREWS CATHEDRAL. [From the Herald's Summary for England.!. The progress made in the internal fittings of St. Andrew's (Church of England) Cathedral, has been from time to time chronicled in our monthly sum maries ; and in that of last month we' gave a compre hensive outline of the principal workB performed since the completion of the cathedral was finally determined upon some months ago, and contracts were taken for performing the works. IVe now propose to give an idea of the stained windows of the cathedral, by whom presented, to whose memory erected, the sub ject of each light, so far as it can be ascertained, to gether with the cost. Before proceeding to do this, however, we may state in regard to the cathedral generally, that a number of workmen are still busily engaged on the decorations and other works in the interior of the building, and that the principal work now in hand is the fitting up of the chancel. A small and beautiful model of the proposed font for the cathedral has been prepared, but not yet adopted. It has been suggested that this font should be made of a beautiful fine grained white sandstone, to bebbtained at a spot about ten miles from Mudgee. Thle various stained-glass windows of this fine ecclesiastical structure have been presented by different individuals, and nearly the whole of them are now fixed in their places. The largest one, however — the east window — is not yet prepared, but the plans have been approved, and tne window will doubtless he erected in due course. This window will be erected to thte memory of the late Bishop Broughton, and the cost will be defrayed bv public subscription. It will have three rows of lights, seven in each row. The first light of the upper row represents two disciples following Jesus ; the second, ' They came and saw where he dwelt the third, fourth, and fifth, repre sent 1 the ascension ; the sixth, Andrew finding Simebn; and the seventh, 'He brought him to Jesus.' The first and second lights of the middle row represent the calling of Andrew and Simon (Matthew, 4 c., 18 v.) ; the third, fourth, and fifth, the feeding of the 5000 (John, 6 c., 8 v.) ; the sixth, ordination of the twelve disciples (Mark, 3 c., 14 v.) ; the Seventh, Greeks and Andrew and Philip (John, 12 c,j 22 v.) The first light of the lower row repre sents 'the Good Shepherd;' the second, Jesus fore telling the destruction of Jerusalem (Mark, 13 c., 3 v.) ; the third, fourth, and fifth, the Day of Pentecost (Acts, 2 c., 1 v.) ; the sixth, Andrew crossing the Euxine ; the seventh, ' feed my sheep.' The east window of the south aisle is the gift of Mr. Salting, and it has been erected at a cost of £183 12s. It has five lights, and they all represent the Resur rection. The most easterly window on the south side of the cathedral (south 'aisle of choir) has been erected to the memery of the late Mr. Thomas Moore, at a cost of £266 4s. It has four lights representing the fol lowing subjects: — First, the Woman at the Sepulchre; second, 'Noli me tangere ' ; third, ' Mary Magda- 1 lene tells the ApoBtles' ; fourth, Peter and John at the Sepulchre. The next window west of the preceding one, and on the south aisle of the choir, has been erected by sub scription in memory of the late Mr. C. Hemp and Mr, G. E. Ingelow. The cost was the same as that of the preceding one, namely, £206 4s. It also has four lights, representing the following subjects :— The Amgel and three Marys at the Sepulchre; 'They held! him by the feet ' ; Journey to Emmaus, ana Supper at Emmaus. The third window from the east end of the edifice on the south aisle of the choir, is the gift of the Cow per family in memory of the late Archdeacon Cowper, purchased and fixed at a cost of £206 4s. The first light represents the unbelief of Thomas ; the second, his Adoration ; the third, the Sea of Gallilee; and the fourth, the charge to Peter. The next window on the south side of the edifice and ilie first west of the transept, is the gift of Mrs. Aspinall in memory of her husband, the cost of same with freight, fixing, &c.;, being £180 os. The four lights of this window represent some of the well known miracles of Jesus, namely, — first, Walking on the Sea; second, Healing on the Sabbath Day ; tbiid, Cure of a Leper; and fourth, Cure of the Infirm Woman. The next window over the south aiale of the nave was lhe gift of Sir William Manning, and was also erected at a cost of £180 5s. The four lights sf this winfiow also represent some of the miracles performed by JesuB. The first is the Casting out of a Devil ; the fiecond, the Draught ef Fishes ; the third, Giving sight to a Blind Man ; and the fourth, the Healing of Teh Lepers. The window next to this on the west (south aisle of nave) was presented by Mr. S. Cox, and was put up at a1 coBt of £180 5s. The subjects of the lights (four in number) are, the Centurion's Servant; Simon Peter's Wife's Mother ; Cure of a Dumb Man ; and Daughter of the Canaanitish Woman. T)ie west window en the south aisle of the nave is the gift of Mr. R. Tooth, and like the three preceding ones, was purchased and erected at a cost of £180 5s. The following well known miracles performed by Jesus are represented on the lights The Man sick of the Palsy; Calming the Sea; the Loaves and Fishes ; and the miracle in Cana of Gallilee. At the west end of the edifice are three windows, thcilarge west window in the centre with three rows of lights, six in each row, and two smaller windows, one on either side— that on the south side of the west window being in memory of the late Mr. James Laid ley, and that on the north in memory of the lato Judge Dowling. The large west window is the gift of Mr, T. S. Mort, and wsb purchased and erected at a cost of £676 1 1 b. The subj ects of the lights are as follows : — Upper row, S. Simon, S- Jacobus, m., S. Andreas, S. Barnabas, S. Matthias, S. Judas. Middle row, S. Thomas, S. Jacobus, ai, S. Joannes, ti, S. Stephanas, S. Fhilippus, S. Hartbolomn. Lower row, S. Fe trus, S, Mattheus, S. Marcus, S. Lucas, S. JoanncB, S. PauluB. The window on the south of this large window, in memory ef Mr. James Laidley, was put up at a cost of £135 11b., and the three lights represent the Trans figuration. The window on the north side of the west window, the gift of the Dowling family, in memory of the late Judge Dowling, was erected at a cost of £135 lis., and the throe lights represent the Baptism of our Lord. The west window on the north side of the Cathedral (north of N.W. tower) has been presented and erected in memory of the late Mr. T. IV. Smith, at a cost of £135 lis., and the three lights represent the Temptation of Jesus. The window immediately to the east of the last one, on the north aisle sf the nave, is the gift of Mr. John Croft, in memory of Mrs. Croft, and put up at a cost of £180 6s. There are four lights representing the following parables : — The Sower ; the Pharisee and Pahlican ; the Good Samaritan ; and the Prodigal Son. The window next to this on the east side is the gift of General Macarthur, the cost being the same as that of the preceding window, and the four lights repre sent four parables a$ follows : — The Unjust Judge; the King's Supper ; the Unjust Steward; the Wed ding Garment. Immediately to the east ef this window, on the north.side of the building, is another window, also the gift of General Macarthur, and has been erected at the same coEt. Parables form the subjects of the lights in this window too, namely, the Barren Fig tree, the Ten Talents, the Lost Money, and Dives and Lazarus. The stained window on the north side of the Cathe dral, nearest to the north transept (on the weBt side of it), is the gift of Mr. W. C. Wentworth, erected at a cost of £180 6s. The four lights represent the follow ing subjects : — Rescuing the lamb from thorn6, The Good Shepherd rejoicing, ' Go into my vineyard,' and ?' This is the heir,' We now come to the large window in the north transept, the gift of the late Mr. Charles Kemp, furnished and fitted up at acoBtof£329 15s. This window has three rows' of lights, with three lights in each,: representing the following subjects; — Upper row — ' Behold the Lamb of God,' Call of St.' Andrew, and the Call of St, Peter. Middle row— ' Receive ye the Holy Ghost,' Day of Pentecost, and St. Andrew preaching. Lower row — Crucifixion of St, Andrew, Crucifixion of Our Lord, Crucifixion of St. Peter. The first window on the north side of the building, immediately U- the cast of the north transept (north, ailse of choir) is the gift of Mr. G. Maeleay, and was put up at a cost of £206 4b. It has four lights repre senting the following subjects : — the Annunciation ; Meeting of Mary . and Elizabeth ; Birth of Christ ; and ' The angel appears to the shepherds.' The middle window on the north aisle of the choir is the gift of Sir Daniel Cooper, the cost being £206 4s. The subjects of the four Hghts are — the Magi see the star ; they set out on their journey ; the Magi before Herod ;' and the Adoration of the Magi. The moat easterly window over the north aisle of the choir was presented by Mr. H. Osborne, and cost £20646. There are four lights embracing the follow ing subjectB ; — Presentation in the Temple ; the Flight into Egypt ! Christ's Visit to Jerusalem ; Our Lord in the Temple. The only remaining window to notice is that at the east end of the north aisle (on the north side of the east window facing George-street), which was pre sented by the Campbell family) ih memory of the late Mr. Robert Campbell. The cost was £183 12s., and it contains five lights, representing the Last Supper. 