EVENING SERVICE. In the evening, service again commenced with " I will arise " etc. " Gloria" being chanted to Russell in C. Then " The Magnificat " was chanted to Lawes in C. " Nunc Dimittis " was then chanted to Soaper in A. The first hymn was sung in the place appointed for the anthem, as follows:— My God, my Father while I stray, Far from my home on life's rough way, Oh! teach me from my heart to say— Thy will be done—Thy will be done. If thou should'st call me to resign, What most I prize, it ne'er was mine, I only yield thee what was thine, Thy will be done—Thy will be done. If but my fainting heart be blest With thy sweet spirit for its guest, My God, to thee I leave the rest, Thy will be done—Thy will be done. Renew my will from day to day, Blend it with thine, and take away All that now makes it hard to say Thy will be done—Thy will be done. Then when on earth I breath no more, The prayer oft mixed with tears before, I'll sing upon a happier shore, Thy will be done—Thy will be done. The following hymn was then sung before the sermon was preached:— Nearer my God to thee, nearer to thee. E'en though it be a cross, that raiseth me, Still all my song shall be, Nearer my God to thee, nearer to thee. Though like a wanderer, the sun gone down, Darkness comes over me, my rest a stone, Still in my dreams, I'd be Nearer my God to thee, nearer to thee. Then let the way appear, steps unto heaven. All that thou sendest me, in mercy given, Angels to beckon me Nearer my God to thee, nearer to thee. Then with my waking thoughts, bright with thy praise, Out of my stony griefs, Bethel Fll raise— So by my love to be, Nearer my God to thee, nearer to thee. Or if on joyful wing, cleaving the sky, Sun, jnoon, and stars forget—upwards I fly, Still all my song shall be Nearer my God to thee, nearer to thee. The text was taken from the Book of Acts, 17th chapter, and 24th verse. In Hebrews, 1st chapter, the second lesson of this evening's service Paul sets forth the feet that there has been only one true religion in the world. The same God who reveals the truth—and the same truth saved men in all times as we are saved now, but the form of worship is necessarily different. Salvation could not be otherwise taught in those days of ignorance, except by symbol and type—the pomp and ceremony, and glitter, and pageantry of temple service was necessary. The knowledge of the Messiah was dim and shadowy to the Hebrew worshipper—whereas, to the Christian he is the dearest, the most intimate Mend, and best loved, whose glorious life and mission, and death, is the treasured contemplation and joy of his secret thoughts.. Hie former dispensation required the formality of temple and altar, and sacrifice, &c.;, to give any notion of an incarnate God—" the seed of the woman"— the Redeemer. But now the memorials of our Lord's passion and death, and the water of baptism, brings with them hosts of memories and thoughts, pardon and peace, and reconciliation and purity—eternal life through the blood of the Lamb—union with Christ—happiness here, and glory hereafter. The one is the school and lecture-rooms wherein religion is taught and explained to the ignorant by demonstration, and model and form. The other is the religion of suggestion, as all nature is suggestive to the man of science of God's laws in nature, so to the advanced Christian, wherever he roams—by riversunknown to song, on the wide plain, in the desert or woodland, wherever there is a heart filled with God's love—there is there a temples- there a sacred altar and a present God. The simplicity of our church service, therefore, is spiritual advancement. Our Saviour's conversation with the woman of Samaria announced this advancement, and in verse 24, of John 4, he prophecies the future simplicity of our worship. Yes, all the former dispensation was taken away—ark lost—temple we were speaking about this morning destroyed—but all the substance, all the reality, the spirituality of God's worship remains—and so it has come to pass, " that God dwelleth not in temples made with hands." How grand Paul appears flfere—and with what crushing vehemence he cleaves down Judaism, and heathenism. Has God then left this world ? Let Paul speak—2nd Cor. 6. 16— and Ephes. 2.19, &c.;—and Heb. 3. 6 : The Lord's house is his people. Churches addressed by apostles were those worshipping in private houses. But this simplicity was lost in the dark ages, a mixture of Judaism and heathenism, when church united to state, until reformation restored the simplicity and spirituality of apostolic times. Our church takes apostolic advice, " let all things be done decently and in order"—and in her 34th article establishes this simplicity. To be God's tem- ples you must be born again and renewed. No substitutionfor this, if this be wanting whatavails a show of orthodoxy or the form of religious worship, they are only fossils of a form church. The preacher concluded with an earnest appeal to have Christ dwelling in them, their motto being in the words of the hymn just sung: "Nearer my God to thee, nearer to thee." And a further appeal to all, as they so nobly built an hospital for the bodies they would see how much stronger the duty of building an hospital for the souls of the people—and now that this beautiful house is raised, and the voice of prayer, and the sound of many voices attract them to come in, they may hear here what they might not listen to elsewhere—they may find a message that will reach their souls and bring peace, &c.; Come forward then, and let this house rise in its beauty in this moral wilderness, to invite the wayfaring man to come and worship his God, and hear the sound of the gospel of Christ. Another collection was made, after which the Evening Hymn was sung— All praise to thee, my God, this night, For all the bleBBings of the light! Keep me, oh, keep me, King of kings, Beneath thine own almighty wings. Forgive me, Lord, for thy dear Son, The ill that I this day have done; That with the world, myself, and thee,- I, ere I sleep, at peace may be. Teach me to live, that I may dread The grave as little as my bed; Teach me to die, that so I may Rise glorious at the awful day. Oh, may my soul on thee repose, And may sweet sleep mine eyelids close; Sleep that may me more vigorous make To serve my God when I awake. When in the night I sleepless lie, My soul with heavenly thoughts supply; Let no ill dreams disturb my rest, No powers of darkness me molest. Praise God, from whom all blessings flow, Praise him, all creatures here belojv; • Praise him above, ye heavenly host, Praise Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. The rev. gentleman concluded the day's interesting proceedings by pronouncing the benediction. The amount collected during the day was £23 86. 8d. 