CONSECRATION OF THE BISHOPS OF MAITLAND AND BATHURST. On Tuesday the Most Rev. Dr. Murray, and tho Most Rev. Dr. Quinn were consecrated respec- ively Bishops of Maitland and Bathurst, Aus tralia, by his Grace the Archbishop of Dublin, in the pro-Cathedral, Marlborough-strect. Within the memory of men still living there were only a few small Catholic missions on the great Aus tralian continent, nearly equal in size to Europe. Tho progress of the Australian colonies beuame greater and greater every day, and a prodigious impulse was given to it by the discovery of the gold- fields and the high price of labour. At an early period some missionary priests settled down amidst the Catholic populations and established missions, which grew so rapidly that frequent and urgent demands had to be made to this country for priests to supply the spiritual necessities of an ever-increasing people. Places that had not been known a few years before became the centres of what are now great cities, and where humble priests preached the gospel iu the wilderness to their scattered flocks the Church is now ruled by prelates, who preside over a faithful, zealous, and devoted clergy ; and where the wooden shanty stood, in which the solemn rites of the old faith were celebrated, the cross-bearing spires of the stately cathedral arise and speak of the great work which has been achieved, and the great victory for God that has been won. Those whom the love of gain induced to leave Ireland for Australia were few when contrasted with those who emi grated there to seek a home and independence in their old age, and a place where the rights of their labour would be respected and protected. From seaports at this and the other side of the Channel vessels crowded with emigrants sailed everyday for the different settlements of Australia, and the constant flow of the great human tide into tbe new country was the cause of the establish ment of young settlements, destined in a short time to grow into great importance and become the sees of bishops. Amongst these are Mait land and Bathurst, peopled by the emigrants from Sydney, from which both places lie at nearly equal distances, in opposite directions. From these and and six other districts applications were made to tbe Propaganda for prelates, and, in accordance with these applications the Most Rev. Dr. Murray was nominated Bishop of Maitland, and the Most Rev. Dr. Quinn (brother of the Bishop of Brisbane) was named Bishop of Bathurst, and tbe bulls for their consecration were received some days since by his Grace the Archbishop of Dublin, who fixed Tuesday last, the feast of St. Laurence O'Toole, and patron of the diocese, for their consecration. The. time arranged for the commencement of the ceremonies was ten o'clock, but long before that hour every part of the pro- cathedral not set apart for the prelates and clergy was densely crowded by a congregation not only anxiousto witness one of the most solemn and imposing ceremonials of the ritual, but also to pay every mark of respect and reverence for the two good priests who had been selected for the very high honour which was conferred upon them by the lineal successor of him whose feast it was. Within the sanoiuary at the Gospel side a temporary altar was erected for the bishops elect, and the high altar was decorat ed as On great festivals. Shortly after ten o'clock, a procession having been formed in the side chapel of St. Kevin, it entered the church in the follow- ing order : — First came the students of Holy Cross College, headed by cross- bearers, acolytes, and thurifer, then the students of All Hallows College, followed by the clergy and dignitaries ; then the Bishop elect of Bathurst ; the Most Rev. Dr. Whelan, Bishop of Bombay, senior assistant prelate, the Rev. Dr. Conroy, chaplain ; the Bishop elect of Maitland; the Most Rev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobarttown, junior assistant prelate ; chaplain, the Rev. Dr. Becchinor ; the Most Rev. Dr. Nulty, Coadjutor Bishop of Meatli; the Most Rev. Dr. Corrian, Coadjutor Bishop of Down and Connor ; the Most Rev. Dr. Gillooly, Bishop of Elphin ; his Grace the Archbishop of Dublin, cousecrating prelate, attended by the Very Rev. Monsignor Forde, V.G., and the Very Rev. Monsignor Wotdlock, Recto-, Cutholic Univers ty. assistant priests ; and the Rev. Mr. M'Swiggin, master of ceremonies. The chaplains of the prelates were the Rev. Dr. Doyle, C.C., Athy ; the Rev. Dr. Doyle, C.C., Leixlip, and the Rev. Mr. O'Donoghue. His Grace the Archbishop having been invest ed with his full canonicals within tbe sanctuary, and the prelates elect having been robed in the vestments of priests celebrant, over which they wore splendid capes of cloth of gold richly em broidered, and his Grace the Archbishop having taken his seat in front of the altar, the bishops elect were conducted by the assistant prelates to the centre of the sanctuary, when the senior as- asistant prelate said : — " Most Reverend Father, Our Holy Mother the Church demands of you to promote these priests to the heavy office of bishop." When the consecrating prelate said — " Have you the apostolic mandates?" which being answered in the affirmative, they wero ordered to he read. The Papal bulls authorising the con secration of the Most Rev. Dr. Murray for the newly created see of Maitland, and the Most Rev. Dr. Quinn for the new see of Bathurst, hav ing been read, the prelates elect came forward and were examined by the Archbishop, and hav ing in all things expressed their submission to the Church, and declaring that tbey would discharge the duties devolving upon them as bishops, and after making a full confession of faith, they were conducted to their altar or chapel, where they, were divested of their copes, saudals were placed on their feet, and they were invested with pec toral crosses, stoles, tunics, dalmatics; chaucibles, and maniples. They then proceeded to the altar of their chapel, at which the mass proceeded with that at the high altar up to the Epistle and Tract, when the Archbishop called on the congregation to pray for the prelates elect, who prostrated themselves as the Litany of the Saints was being chanted, and at the conclusion, of the Litany the Archbishop gave his blessing to the postulants. The books of the Gospels open were laid on the shoulders of the prelates to be consecrated, his Grace the Archbishop and tho assistant prelates placed their hands on the heads of the elect, and they all said, " Receive ye the Holy Ghost." The heads of the Bishop of Maitland and Bathurst were then bound with linen, and the Archbishop having intoned the first verse of the sublime hymn, " Yeni Creator Spiritus," it was taken up by the choir, which consisted of the students of Holy Cross College, led by tho Rev. N. Donnelly, the Rev. T. O'Reilley, and the Rev. Professor Verdon, and was given, as well as. the rest of the sacred music, with much taste and devotional feel ing. Nothing could be more solemn and impres sive than the ceremonial while the sacred hymn was being sung. Every part of the hallowed and ancient rights was full of meaning and Christian symbolism, and before all the grandeur and beauty of the ritual of the church. Tho Archbishop having blessed the episcopal rings, anointed the heads of the new bishops. At the conclusion of the first Gospel, the Very Rev. Canon M'Cabe, V.G., ascended the pulpit, find delivered A most-. nlnnnorif and SmnraoQtun dio_ course, taking the following passage for his text : — " He shall judge the poor of the people, and he shall save the children of the poor. He shall continue with the sun, and before tho moon, end throughout all generations. He will come down like ruin upon the fleece, and like showers gently fulling on the earth. In his dayB, justice shall spring up and abundance of peace. He shall rule from sea to sea, and from the beginning to the ends of the earth." At the termination of tbe sermon the Mns3 proceeded ; and, at the conclusion of the Preface, the 132nd psalm, "Exe quam," was sung by the choir, during the performance of which the hands of the recently consecrated bishops were bound with white linen, and at the termination of the anthem they were anointed. Croziers were then placed in their left hands and the rings on their fingers, in accordance with ritual ceremonial. I he books pf the Gospels, which had been laid open on the necks and shoulders of the new bishops (to signify their submission to the Word of God) were then handed to them by the Archbishop, who said, " Go forth and preach the Gospel to all God's creatures." The new prelates proceeded to their chapel, and the Mass was continued at the high and side altars up to the Offertory, when the new bishops joined the Archbishop at the high altar, where missals were placed for them. After the consecration of the sacred elements, the Bishops of Maitland and Bathurst partook of the same communion with the Archbishop- The mitres having been blessed by the prelate celebrant, he placed them on the heads of the new prelates, who gave him and the assistant bishops the kiss of peace, and then proceeded through the church, and gave their blessings to the vast kneeling con gregation. Having been conducted to the thrones prepared for them, after the post oommunion, they pronounced the episcopal benediction, and with the Te Deum concluded the ceremonies of the day, which promoted two good and holy priests to the prelacy of a remote region into which they will carry, not the trophies of human conquest, but that eternal emblem of the old faith bv which alone shall man conquer. — Catholic Telegraph, November 18. . It is rumoured that an English whist-player has challenged the French whist- players to play one hundred rubbers at £100 a rubber, and £5000 extra on the greatest number of rubbers. It is a singular circumstance that the lease which the late Lord Palmerston had of his town residence expired two days after bis death. A priest named W atsel expired suddenly in the pulpit at Kreibitz, in Bohemia, three days back, while preaching. He had just uttered the words, " Yes, there is a hell ! " when he fell down insen sible, aod all efforts to restore animation were un availing. " Persons curious in theatrical matters," says Galignani, "may remember that Palmer, the great English actor, when playing at Drury Lane in 1798 the principal part of the Stranger, after uttering the words ' There is another and a better world ! ' sank down suddenly on the stage, and died instantaneously." The O'Donoghue — we are told by an organ of the Repeal party — has decided to bring his pro perty iuto 'the Landed Estates Court. This course, it appears, has been rendered necessary by a " too open-handed generosity in fighting tbe people's cause." Numerous friends have " expostulated " with him, and the Roman Catholic bishops, it is said, have declared their readiness to join in any effort to preserve the Ohieftain of the Glens the patrimony which " the sword of Cromwell, and the attainders of William have spared." But the O'Donoghue's own tenantry, it would appear, have taken the matter in hand, and have formed a com mittee with the view of raising among themselves and the tenant farmers of Ireland a sufficient sum to purchase the estates, the new title-deeds of which they propose to present to the great cham pion of Irish nationality. On Sunday a pastoral by the Bishop of Hex ham and Newcastle (Dr. Hogarth) was read in the different Catholic churches in his diocese.. In it there was a clause admonishing the clergy to treat the Feniau Society as they would any other secret organisation. That is, to debar the members thereof from tbe sacraments. 