THE BIBLE SOCIETY. The twenty-first annual meeting of the South Austra-<*> lian Auxiliary to the British and Foreign Bible Society, was held at the Adelaide Town Hall, on Thursday evening, October 25. There was a very large atten- lance, and the Hon. W. Peacock, M.L.C., presided. The proceedings were initiated by the Rev. Junes Jefferis, who read an appropriate portion of scripture, and offered up prayer. The Chairman then made a few remarks. He said they had met together that night, to sympathise with each other in the cause of the spread of the Word of God. He then referred to the good which had been done, and hoped that much more would be done. He rejoiced that they were privileged to meet together that night, and he hoped that they would go from the meeting that night, exclaiming "It was good to be there." That every one might be able to have a copy of the Holy Word was the aim of that Society, and he hoped those engaged in the great work might be even more successful in their work. He should not detain them longer, as those gentlemen whom lie saw around him would be able better to adtlressthem than he could. He then called upon The Rev. W. B. ANDREWS who read the twenty-first annual report of the Society as follows :— "There is only one point in which the British and Foreign Bible Society, from the time of its foundation to the present moment, may seem at all to have altered its character. This alteration has not, indeed, resulted from a change in one iota of its principles, but has rather been an enlargement upon its original purpose and procedure. That purpose at the beginning was simply to clteapcn the Holy Scriptures, and, so make them more easy of access to all who wisned to obtain them. Its practice is now not only to issue, or even to circulate, but to call a world-wide attention to, and, by all legitimate means, recommend to mankind the accep tance of the Sacred Volume. The consequence is that, from being a benevolent machinery for the multiplica tion of copies of the Book of God, it has become virtually a 'Ministry.' Without departing from its principles—not to teach or preach, or put forth any humanly-expressed creed —it has become an evangeli zation society, the greatest,-perhaps, the world has ever seen. Hence, the Annual Report of its doings and progress, obtains an interest which could hardly at one time have been expected from it Brought alongside of, and often into collision with, the opinions and in tellectual movements of this morally- convulsed and wonder-breeding age, the Society's operations afford more than dry statistics (however satisfactory) to record as the year comes round. Regarding the Holy Scrip tures (as the Society does) as containing God's unadul terated truth, we are invited to witness that truth going forth year by year to its conflicts with many-sided error, always the same, yet equally adapting itself to the ever-shifting ground and changing garb of its oppo nents. The mere increased circulation of the Scriptures, under such circumstances, is itself instructive; and, when the manner of that circulation is observed, it becomes still more so. We are constrained to say, ' This is the Lord's doing, and it is marvellous in our eyes.' " The Society's finances are represented as being in a most satisfactory condition, showing an increase under several of the most important heads of receipt. The total receipts of the year have amounted to £171,375 10s. 2d. At the same time the Unanci^ii engagements of the Society amount to £109,12155. 7d., the payments of the last year having been £10,000 in excess of the receipts ; aU which, while it indicates on die one hand how many new openings of usefulness are continually presenting themselves, shows on the other that the wannest and most liberal support is needed to enable the Society to pursue its course with energy and freedom. "The strong confidence which the Society's agents have in the fitness and efficiency of the written Word for overcoming error, causes them to regard with hope rather than fear the magnitude of the evil amid which it is being launched. Thus, M. Pressensee, the French agent, while he speaks of the floods of infidelity, which are still on the increase in France, does so as one who but sees the field of his labor enlarging, or even whiten ing for the harvest. For, with'a negative infidelity giving place to a positive and daringly- asserted atheism, and with a general upheaval of all old and traditionary religious opinions, there is still this fact that the Bible is bought and read more widely than ever, insomuch that there has been an increase npon the former year of 5,000 copies circulated, making in all 92,479 distributed throughout France during the past year. * And,' says M. Pressensee, ' the point which is calculated to afford most satisfaction, as showing the reality of the work now going on in France is, that the ent re number of copies circulated by the colporteurs have been gold.' Thus, then, the country whose religious history has hitherto swayed between a blind submission to an authority which has enslaved it to superstition, and an equally blind adoration of natural reason, which has led it astray, seems now (through the iustiumentality of your Society) to be widely submitting itself to an authority which cannot enslave, and to a reason which cannot lead astray. One very intelligible cause of the freer circulation of the Scriptures among those persons whom the colporteurs could scarcely have hoped to reach, hasbeeu the discovery by them of the disinter e«tedi>e*s of the British and Foreign Bible Society. They have been charmed and surprised to find that the books offered for sale afforded no manner of profit to the vendors, and captivated by the discovery of a motive at work, ever the most powerful, they have been drawn into frequent purchases. The French agent's report abounds with instances where the Bible, after being purchased, has been found to contain ' the pearl of great price.' " In Belgium, where the impediments arising from a spreading infidelity are great, and where, even more than in France, the opposition of the priests of the estab lished religion has to be encountered, a good work is, nevertheless, going on. The issue of copies for the past year amounts to 11,473, which, though it shows no particular increase in the sale of Bibles and Testa ments, shows a larger demand for portions of the Scrip tures to the amount of 4,048 copies. One of the col porteurs comments U]K>n this distribution of separate portions of the New Testament, as being found of great use in spreading the knowledge of the Word of God. "The circulation of the Scriptures in Germany, during the past year, has surpassed by several thou sands those of any former year. " Iv Austria the issue of copies has risen from above 25,000 to upwards of 58,000 for the past year. The total circulation of the Word of God throughout Germany, during the year, amounts to 415,?Gt>—an in crease, compared with the previous year, of about 25,000. In some parts of Germany the Society has Iteen able to do much this year in aiding, by free grants of copies of the Scriptures, various institutions having for their object the spiritual welfare of different classes of the community. " Turning to Italy, the Report, while recognising th danger in which a people newly emancipated from des potism and superstition stand, of using their liberty only for political cuds, or of abusing their liberty to a resistance of that truth which makes free indeed; and, also, lamenting that evidences of such a result were already beginning to abound, nevertheless takes courage from the fact that 28,152 copies have been distributed in this country during the past year, a number little short of the previous oue; and also states that the colporteurs are showing themselves singularly faithful and untiring in obtaining a circulation (amid, much difficulty) for God's written Word. " And so we might go on following the Report of the Society's operations into every country of Europe, from no tract of which (with the exception of Spain and part of Italy) does the influence of the British and Foreign Bible Society appear to be no w excluded or to be denied some measure of success. We might speak, too, of its triumphs, slender indeed, comparatively, but absolutely great, which it is making in such countries as India and China in the East, and Mexico in the West; but it is needful to turn to the more immediate object of this Report, and give a brief account of the proceedings of the South Australian Auxiliary to the British aud Foreign Bible Society during the past year. " The issue in the colony for the past year amount to 4,656 Bibles, 3,279 Testaments and parts. The total issue for the year is 7,935 copies, being an increase over the previous year of 1,546 copies. The total issue by this Auxiliary Society since its commencement, now amount to 81,974 copies. " Your Committee would thankfully call attention to the fact of the great increase in the circulation of the Scriptures during the past year among ourselves. It is gratifying indeed to have the evidence more and more confirmed, not only that few of our fellow colo nists can be now remaining destitute of the Bible, but also, that we are upon the whole a Bible-loving people. Yet your Committee, as good stewards of die interests of this great institution, would suggest that, though here as ever * charity begins at home' it cannot have its chief scope or interest here. In supplying our fellow colonists with copies of the Scriptures you are supplying them with that, in a cheaper form, which the greater part of them would, probably, possess themselves of under any circumstances, and though there were no British and Foreign Bible Society. But in sending free contributions to the Parent Society, you are helping to put the Holy Scriptures into the hands of millions who could never otherwise have seen or possessed them; you are instrumental in making the Word of the Lord to have free course throughout the world, and doubtless in many parts of it to be ' glorified.' " Your Committee hare to report that a fresh depot has been established at Hamilton, in connection with the Kapunda branch, and it is hoped that another one will shortly be established at Bagot's WelL "Your Committee have also to report, in connection with the working of this Auxiliary, that an allowance of £100 per annum has recently been made to the Deposi tary in Adelaide for rent and expense of receiving, de livering, and selling the Bibles and Testaments, for which trouble and expense the Depositary has, up till very lately, received absolutely nothing, though up wards of 74,000 copies of the Scriptures have been re ceived, taken care of, and issued from his hands. The Committee feel sure that this step, involving as it does, an act of such mere 'equity,' will meet with the ap proval of all supporters of this Society. "Your Committee have further to report that the Branch Societies, which have this year had the advantage of visits from the Agent for the Colonies, the Rev. Dr Tucker, accompanied by the Rev. W. Slatyer, from Sydney, have been found to be all in a vigorous state. " A donation of £<iOO has been made to the Parent Society. "Your Committee are 6orry to feel it their duty to make a passing reference to a recent letter, from a Minister of the Gospel within this Province, impugning in the strongest language, the principles and practice of the British and Foreign Bible Society. That such an attack upon the lovers and circulators of God rs pure wordshouldemanatefronjpro/aiurquarters is to be expec ted, but thataMinisterof the word should lendliimxetfto the language lately published under bis name, is a matter to the Committee of unfeigned grief and aston ishment. "Your Committee cannot conclude without calling upon you to thank God for the favor which He is evi dently continuing to vouchsafe to this great Society's operations—a favor distinguishable not simply by success, but by the character of that success, which carries it like His Gospel of old, ' through evil report and good report,' ever forward bearing its witness to God." Mr. G. Phillips then read the finance report, which showed that £1,921125. 10d. had been received daring the year, and the expenditure was £1,542 ss. 10d. leav ing a balance to the credit of the Society of J5379 7b, The Rev. G. H. Pass moved—"Thst the report now read be adopted, printed, and circulated wider the direction of the Committee." He expressed Us entire concurrence with the report, with the exception of one paragraph near the end, and expressed his sorrow tint such an institution as the Bible Society should pass by 6Uch remarks without notice. (Hear, hear.) He re garded the Bible Society as a national Missionary Society, in which every one could take part. (Hear, bear.) He then referred to the great amount of good which had been done by the distribution of the Bible amongst the heathen, and remarked that without the Bible the Missionaries in various parts would uot be able to do their noble work. He spoke of the great consolations which could be obtained from a perusal of the Holy Word. There was an allusion in the latter part of the report to political eveuU at the present time, and their attention was called to Italy. Italy had united itself to Prussia., where the Bible was largely used, and he believed it would soon be spread all over Italy. Might God grant that that Society might still be the handmaiden of the Parent Society in spreading the Gospel until the " Word of the Lord covered the earth as the waters covered the sea." (Applause.) The Rev. Dr. TUCKER said that in travelling over the colony he had scarcely known whether most to admire the beautiful scenery and rich fertility of the soil, or the numerous pleasant homesteads, and the intelligent and thoroughly English character of the people. He thought that a Yorkshire yeoman, or a Lincolnshire farmer, would be proud to see such a reproduction of ! tbe rural life of Old England, and if he had not heard i everybody speak of dull times and depression, he should have concluded that the agricultural interests of this colony were the most prosperous of any in tbe whole of Australia. In Tasmania he had seen tbe fences broken, homesteads deserted, and the thistle growing almost as thickly as the corn grows here, aud the wind wafted the seeds over the surrounding country like a snow-storm. In New South Wales tbe fanners were so impoverished, that the Government had spent £11,000 in giving away seed to how the land and to keep many families from utter ruin; but here the bouses and lands wery mostly owned by the fanners, who lived amid plenty anil who were generous in supporting every good work. Throughout the colony he had found a very hearty co-operation in thfl work of the Society, and *. liberal contribution to its funds; the exceptions were so few that they weie scarcely worthy of being named. He said he should not trouble himself by referring to the opinions of other people as to the Bible Society. The Bible needed no defence. At tbe same time the evidences of its authenticity and Divine inspiration, required to be 000101101188 cUarly explained. One of the most learned scholars of Oxford, Dr. Pusey, in tie preface of his great work on tbe Book of Daniel, said "This has been for some 25 years a deep conviction of my soul, that no book can be written in behalf of the Bible—like the Bible itself. Man's defences are mere words—they may help to beat off the attacks—they may draw out some portion of its meaning. The Bible is God's Word, and through it God, the Holy Ghost who wrote it, sneaks to the soul which doses not itself against it" And so the Society which seeks only to print and circulate the Scriptures, needed no defence—it carried its own witnesses in the work it accomplishes in the millions of Holy Scriptures it circulates, and the incalculable benefit it confers on all "**hth Home times objections were offered against the prin ciples of the Society, or the details of its general operations; which, for the sake of those among whom they are actively spread, need to be answered, and it was well known that such objections had been assiduously put forward in this colony. He had heard exception taken to the deposition of the former President of the Auxiliary—a gentleman of whom he wished to speak with the greatest respect— whose amiability in private life was only surpassed by hu great learning and ability in tbe legal profession and on the judicial bench; but he had written and pub lished opinions which the Committee considered im pugned the inspiration and authority of Holy Scrip ture, and they had concluded that such opinions were inconsistent with the position and office of their Pre sident, whatever might be his learning or rank, though he wore a ducal coronet or a royal crown. He would contend for tie utmost freedom of discussion on all questions. Let men speak, write and publish what they please—let them preach, symbolise, and dress as they please, but surely they had a right to look for some cougruity in all these, both in relation to time and place—some consistency and thoroughness—"(he right man in the right place." They did not expect to see the Austrian General leading the Prussian troops ; and they were free to confess that their sense of propriety— of all truth and justice—was outraged when they saw Dr. Colenso, Bishop of Natal, and at the same time the chief amongst Westminster Reviewers, and the army of ready writers, against the Bible and against Christ. At the same time it might be more profitable, instead of joining in clamor against his views, to pray that he might be led into truth, and that all Christians might keep the unity of the spirit in the bond of peace. They were not afraid of enquiry, or of opposition. They reraeinltered that an infidel writer at the close of the last century, said, as he laid down his pen, " I have passed through the prophets aud apostles, as the woodman amongst the trees of the forest, and have felled them. Here they lie ; now let the priests stick them in again, but they will never grow." The hand that wrote soon lost its cunning, and the mind that conceived that sentence soon passed to the final account. But what had become of the fallen forest—the Holy Bible. It has been translated into 173 languages, and upwards of 85 millions of copies have been circulated, and millions of unmortal souls have found that Word powerful, converting the eouL And so the ephemeral writers of our day must pass, as the footprints on the swd, which the first returning wave obliterates, but the rock of divine truth, —"the word of the Lord —abideth for ever." But they were told that the Bible "belonged to the Churches of the Apostolical succession, and that they alone had the right to distribute them." Their right to the book was challenged. They simply assert their right to the revelation God has given to them, deny it who will; and for this reason, that they find no such exclusive grant conveyed in the book. As the daring as sumption was made without any argument to support it, he would not meet the objection in any other way than by a simple and bold denial of the right; but he was prepared to enter into the arguments, and when he was gone out of tbe colony, he was sure that there were gentlemen on the platform who were well able to vindicate their right to the Bible—to have, to hold, to circulate. Then they have the old objection, that the book should only be circulated by the authorised in terpreter, and were told that the pages of Scripture, the unadultered Word will not save the nation*. They contended for the sufficiency of Scripture, because they had the plain statement—that they "are able to make us wise unto salvation ;" and they bad known of thou sands of instances in which the reading of the Divine Word had been so blessed of God. Bat their great Society was only ono wheel in the evangelical machinery of the Church. They did not ignore any other agencies —such as schools and teachers, churches and ministers, and other means by which tbe work of Christ may be promoted in the world; but rather helped them all While the Society sends out a broad stream of the Word of Life, in about two millions add a half of copies yearly, let the Church send the clergyman and the teacher; and while on their banner they had—"The Bible in the vernacular tongue without noteoreom ineut," as their iuotV>, they had no objection to inscribe under it the Sixth Article of the Church of England— " Holy Scripture containeth all things necessary to sal vation; so that whatsoever is not read therein, nor may be proved thereby, is not to be required of any man, that it should be believed as an article of the faith, or be thought requisite or necessary to salvation." He had been reminded that there were other Societies that were formed for the distribution of the Bible, and he had been always ready to acknowledge them. The National Bible Society of Scotland had more titan doubled its circulation within three years past, ?«*■! was now employing agencies in Franca, Italy, and China. It had 15 colporteurs in different parts of Italy ■"■< five in China. The issue last year was upwards of 204,000 copies, and the income of the Society man than £12,000. But this Society would be found to draw its supplies largely from the British and Foreign Bible Society. The Hibernian Bible Society had a cir culation of upwards of 72,000 last year, and had issued since its formation upwards of three millions of copies. These Scriptures were all drawn from the Parent Society. Other Societies were carrying forward a similar wnrir in P.ng| H nd mj,^ fry BiiaJmi ih^l Time would not allow him to enumerate. Allot them ?vi aided by the great Society whose interests he mow pleaded. But there was one Society which had been in operation over 100 years before any other, and which had circulated religious literature and the Holy Scriptures in connection with the Church of England—the Society for promoting Christian knowledge. Some persons spoke of the British and Foreign Bike Society as though ft were established in opposition, and still carried on in antagonism with this venerable and useful Society, and he was most anxious to correct this mifftsrr In the first place he would state that the Society was formed to supply a want that the older Society cooU not supply. The Scriptures were needed in Wales iv 1804, and tue Committee of the Socuty for Promoting Christian Knowledge declined, after an earnest request, to issue an edition of the Welsh Scriptures. If they had complied with the solicitation of the Churches in Wales, certainly the great BiWe Society wonld not then have been formed. He wonld ask were these Churches to wait for the Scriptures; were the Sunday-schools to be closed; was the advance of evangelization throogh die world to stay until the gentlemen of the Apostolical succession would condescend to print for them the Holy Scriptures? Was that the position now taken by men who called themselves Protestants? But further, it was said that the Society for Pro moting Christian Knowledge could now supply the wants of the Church of Kngfan.it. He would most dis tinctly say that it could not do so, even in the British Isles, and much less in foreign hinds. The issue of that Society hist year amounted to mote than six million of tracts, books, and Prayer-books, and of Bible. 185,424 ; of New Testaments, 156,353; and that was 51,164 less than the former year. Now the Church of England re quired the Holy Scriptures in upwards of 20 languages beyond any provided by the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, and these were all constantly supplied, and to any extent required, by the Bible Society. He would ask them was it candid in any one to say " We have our own Society, and can supply oar own Church ?"' Was it generous to say " I am not a friend of the' Bible Society?" Belonging to a great Christian community, whose ministers and schools were so deeply indebted to the Society, whose operations must be suspended without its liberal grants and cheap sales in so many languages, he would earnestly entreat those who could not co-operate at least to refrain from open assault These two great Societies were working in beautiful harmony, and knew no antagonism. The Committees of die Propagation and Bible Societies were jointly engaged in the revision of the Tamil Scrip tares, each bearing half the expense of the literary work of revision, and the Bible Society alone defraying the cost of printing the edition. On tbe -HUB 6V44 no such opposition was offered to the Society, and in these colonies if any antagonism was found in any quarter he would contend that it was all on one side; he certainly disclaimed any share in such contention. The Society was supported by thousands of the clergy and laity of the Church of England, who were not only willing to confess the debt they owe to it, but to nun tai?th.wl—Hlllllltll?Hj !??— aB «fc?hM? tbe?Matenaamaaaate&teaaVra.a;?ja1 a4a> mMm loaiiwndi thtawiA aaaMnMajKhm, ThsaaaaaVi w«rcr>i tofotWiatheahaMaTthelabT InliH 1 1| of Caaterbary, who ant only a. dMt IkaMwli death a « brief aato to theC Mil il "Mya—l*. mento napeetiag tha British and f«whj? Mil fruiiU ■? tiuTaime that they km ham fiTaaa* Dm* ]«a. aad thay areas* tifaty to shaaas whaat ito Friable. and wmrtilalwa wmmim tha —«.' A. i?.|?tlflna than spoke of the hmt af the Sanaw tare, when translated mto nwisas liagsayi. —I thaw adaptation to all men aa niUsiinlia the naitaal results of their dtatribatiaa; *ad ■Ukk «ajn*7 Utod the Meads af the Satiate aa ?«that thay bad done, he trut^ they woaU alft haU thw high p«si tunuuKlkeMia?riM of Aaabaaia ia Hhena'aa* port of the Society,wi ceactaaVai by naiitisatbe words of* poet who wrote a |iaaam Mire the safiaaai were separated, and whose earner had haram Shaath/ asa tjqgaished since: — "Tliou embryo empire! Wbea the glariaas a?ad { fin liiilill in miiMf sssflhi sli mil alias. I ; For pilgrim feet, in clastic Mai, to teaee. ! A greatness Time itastf wffl wVrAMi ! When generations yet aahera sba? lisa, And rear thy temples to the——y shies. I Religion, Freedom, miaghtag in the atram That chinU thy pnimm. ul that ba* thjr mm ; i Then, boMtful. Tefl thy eUUna vhSet the/re y«M« It B-as from Rritaia th*t thy athen apna«! And ahoold ba« •fauHiar breathe asm her aw, Riae, Britoa4ike, and mbrate bar hate ; Tdl of her deed., wd ahow the «?rU hf ***■*, That Britain's virtues ia Amtnaia ahaae." Dr. Tucker, m> teaaif hat aeat, w laa^h; ap plauded. The Rev. J. G. atlu.UW aext awved the in—l resolution. He aaid when he btakad «a that |ilnlfiw •nd tur an nuajr auatOen araamd hiat, aial tham I looked upon that Urge aaanaUafe, al jpiajhl j together Cm the aaaw aaniaaii. the aaeaawia m to faja a very pleMing •nc He then real th* laaaaatiaat as under:— "That thai aaeeciae; *mU ceatofafls- aCkajaw todgethehaadaf Oodiaithe i laliaaTT laadaiini iia? and in the pnajMritr aeearaad to thai Aadbary thronehoat aaotaeryear, aad toeh ill i Xli irt a? awry way to maintain and aapaatt the ariaai?ha ajat atat tksea of the BrtMi aaJ hwaga fele JJigatyfar«ag fatore." Aay—ewatoaJte wfeia.ii nwiJHlTam Mw self to a icMlntioa of that kaad. Be had aWay dioagfat that of an aoeietiee «ac BMa Sadaty waa ia titleltobenlaeed at the head «faB ' - • i" tutiom of that fcb*L Mizbt it laac araaaar aad Kre foTCTarinm^a^ia^aofalaaau^ What,hea-i JlaaX bnachaa bad it hcvaght iato cntoaea* Wham!TJ wdoU aak, had act the bhaaed B«ek haea aaat? He believed the tme waa aat far aMa* whaa than waaM not b> a apot on that tenrataal rfabe ia which «he Bible woaid ant he fa—A Whawtar that flaaiatr «k -teaded ito emaraliaai the aairit «f Oad aaaaad to ■• before tfaeai and prcaara aaaafe far ito aawrataiaa. He tfcoagktitWM.aaric o/ tai jhinm af «h? DM* I^^kiioeta^the?aMcBaaiatybad«N?a iatoaaav toaeeat the mm* thaa that aaaw af tha eaaat Wav nonary Soeietiea bad aaraac a?, far what vaaU the anaao?ariea «V> witbaat tha Hb Hi arty* Ha then apoke of the (ood waa* the Bah bad <iaa* unonpat the aatnaa af tha FlwVaiiaJai iahakla. aa aiatk&K; that ofiaa ai thaae iaaaaV bad ha Maaffaay. headed old an atadyia* the HaY W««i. aai «ahaad aeveral other iaataaeei wfaieh had com ander laa a«* knowledge whilst be waa lai lanr tha aatwai afthaat fadaada of the aSeetiaa m whwhtbay hehl the Bah/ Word. He then referred to the anajautj af that AnxOiary.ftadMJd *- *1| ii| iiOj UialifTl fji tin I [tromerito, mm! he «a an Oat «rary aae wba bad anyUeuhaibaaaafartlHllaaWaMaUaaajfcalaxato fuL He did not enry the aua, wba far aayaaaaaat what ever refnaed tobebaaad by a maMVataHi af that fcajnL Be pitied him, aad hoped Out he aajahft be batter ai formed and uutraeted ia fatare. Ha feat avaad that such men as the fatare Kiac af ITarfnl. the AcoV bwbopof Canterbnry, the Btahaa ofTark, aad aach like men gave their •appart to the Britiah and Panifa BiWeSociety. He rwilialad by aariac tbaai aito love their BflUe, aadto regard that penaa whawaaad rob them of Uteu Bftle aa the amatiafaaiiaiieaatiUnj knew of, aad he hoped they woahl aH caataaat to aap portUieSock^.iuiadoCTenaViwdwV what they hal feat daring the part year. Be had ?ary auath pfanMaaa la moving the reaatatian. (Hpnla—i ) The Rev. W. Sunn, of Sydaey, aaeaaaai tha reeolntion, and in doing no, rriaiad aevaal iaataaata of the low and affectam abowa by the amiiai af Jamaica towards the Holy Ward whnat he m a aaa sionarjr maongrt theam, aad of good wUeh itaaae thaa. He then apoke of the Society aad iU eaeratMa*, aad eloquently urged upon them aB to aau|ii?l it ia the future as they had done ia. the part. The resotntioo having baam put by the Ctah-aam, was declared to be carried aaaataMaaiy. A collection waa then made in aid of the faada af the Society and aWut £23 was coHeeted. The Rev. W. A. Cuxtoi then aavred "That the thanks of this meeting be preaeatod to the neawri aad Cotiunittee for the past year, aim to the oiiui aad Committeea of the branch Societies, to the Laaaa)* Asaodatioas, and to all who hare kiadly aided the operations of the Society, and that the funuaiaa. geutleiuen be the oiScers aad Coaoaittee far the ensuing year:—President—The Hon. W. Peaeadk, M.L.C. ; Vice-Presidente-The Lord Bishop af Adelaide, G. F. Aagas, Esq., Very Bar. Oeaa Farrell, Rev. jr. Gardner; Agent for th* Am txalain Cohmiec—Rev. 1. K. Taoker, D.D. ; Treasnrers—Meatn. James Serith and Otwje Taaac; Auditore-Mcaw*. James Robu asd J. X. Lmkktar; Clerical Secretaries—Reva. W. B, *adwws aad 1. Jefferis, LL.B.; tojal Secretary—Mr. Geatn Fhiams; Honorary Foreign aad Corresponding cad Kaase Bsc retarjr—kr. James Whiting ; Coanuttee -Miaari. K. Blyth, W. C. Baik. J. Cokoa, W. G. Cams**, A. Dowie, A. Gore, «. Hance, W. Moore, H. V. Fhattpa, L Roach, J. Bonn, D. Robia, O. K. IPirhai lima, f. & Saodera, P. Scnto, jaa., Jas. Scott, B. B. "in in in. — Skethaw«y,F. W. Thomas, W. K. Thomas, H. Hi Torton." The thaaln of th«t aaeetms *n4.smOj wen due to those gentlemen who fanned the Comm&toe; af last year, aud as the geutfemea whose Mates ha had naa* were chiefly men of baoaeaa, there was aat maeh fear of the affairs of Ac Society being <*vWto4 Ha bad much pleasure in praposins the resolattam. The Key. J. Ltaix bnefly seconded the rcaslartaa. ■wbidi waa carried it?aaimoasty. The Bey. J. Gabdxeb araposed, aad the Yea. Axat deaeon Woodcock aecoaded, a vote of tfaaaka to the Chairman for presiding, aad to Dr. Tackcr Car the evcelkmt addreaabe kaddahVered. Tlie resolution was carried wa. m. Dr. Tuckbk aad the Hon. W. PaUCOCK Wa% responded, and a like complimeat haiiaj. fataa paid to the Rev. Mr. SUtyer, the meetmg dasad wS«ha doiaiogy aad henodaction. 