LAYING OF THE FOUNDATION STONE OF THE PRIMITIVE METHO DIST CHURCH, WALLSEND. The foundation-stone of this church was laid on Thursday afternoon last. There were present on the occasion, the Revs. W. T. Mayne, Wesleyan minister; T. E. O. Moll, from West Maitland ; E. Hart, from Camdcn ; E. C. Pritchard ; the trustees of the church, ?uid a number of members, besides a numer ous attendance of visitors. Apologies were given for tho non-attendance of the Revs. Bain, Coutts, and Lane. The proceedings were commenced by sing in' Tlie Rev. W. T. Mayne then read two psalms, and offered up an appropriate prayer. The Rev- T- ' E. O. Moll then addressed the meeting. Ho said it gave him much plea sure to be present on that occasion, and he hoped the building they were now erecting would soon bo too small for the community .hero. He was thankful to see members of other denominations, as it showed a wish to increase the means of salvation, and ho wished them God-speed. Tho building, he hoped, would i»o on without accident, and that all present would live to worship in it- The rev. gen tleman then gave some spiritual advice to the audience. Ho further stated that all the funds promised towards the erection of tho building were not all' in hand, and as it was theusual custom in'laflriug foundation stones to place offerings onjtfy stone about to be laid, he trusted that alK present would give us much as they could sfllbrd, and if all assis ted tho funds of the building would be largely augmented. In conclusion, ho trusted tho blessing of tho Lord fond rest upon the un dertaking, and that1; the present minister mi'ht officiate at tho opening services, ami bo tho means of the salvation of many souls, I and it was his crnest prayer that success may I attend him. . ' ... Mr. Lindsay, ono of tho trustees of,-the church, next addressed the assemblage. Ale I said'he appeared before . them at tho rcqftysit 'of the other trustees to 'perform a duty on their behalf. As the trustees had called upon their minister .to* perform a certain duty — that of laying the foundation-stone — they had found him the materials to perform the re quired duties, viz., a mallet and a trowel. The time had been too short to have a suit able inscription engraved upon the trowel, : but after the ceremony of that day had been performed,' that would be done. [The speaker j lipr° -nrflsimil-.firl a. silvpr f-.rnwAl nnd a nolialieil - lignum vitsie mallet surmounted with a silver plate, to the Rev. Mr.- Pritchard, in the name of the Lord God of heaven and of earth, and it hiswaspvayer+that the blessing o fGod would rest upon the undertaking. The' Rev. E. C. Pritchard said, when the trustees invited him to lay the foundation, stone he did not expect so great an honour. It was generally given, to a monied-man, who was expected: to give a large donation. He,, however, accepted the honour, and although he could not afford to give a large donation, he would commence the gifts bv laying two guineas upon the stone. The rev. gentleman then deposited a bottle containing the follow ing document in the cavity of the stone. I'bimitive Methodist Connexion*, PIiAttsburo, WAT.T.ftF.Nn. The Foundation- Stono of this church was laid -on Thursday, December i5th, 18(50, in the 50 th year of tlie reign of her Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, His Excellency the Right Hon. -ir John Young, Wart., K.C.B.,KC.M.G., Captain- Coneral and Generalin Chief of New South Wales— by the Rev. E. C. Pritclmrd. Trustees of this church :— Messrs. W. Linsley, G. Read/J. Birrell, J. Birroll, junior, W. Haud, J. Jack son, and N. Haydon ; minister of the circuit, Rev. E O. Pritchard. Plattsburg is in the Newcastle circuit, which circuit contains one minister, seventeen lay preachers, 109 church members, five sabbath schools, with about GOO scholars, ' Statistics of the connexion as given at tho British Conference of 18G6 :— Ministers. 880 ; increase on tlie previous year, 12 ; local preachers, 13,727, increase, 149; class leadere, 9,103, increase, 140; connexional churches, 2,9!)2, increase 135; chapels, &c;, 3,183; sabbath schools, 2,835, increase 1 19 ; sabbath scholars, 227,470, increase M,G99 ; sabbath school teachers, 40,204, inorease 1,355; members in society, 15:, 458, increase, 2,130. The Revs. S. Hart, T. E. O. Mell, and W. T, Mayne (Wesleyans), took part in the ceremony of laying this stone. The Rev. George Lamb, President of the Conference; the Rev. John Petty, Governor of York College. Wallsend, December 13th, 180IJ. He theu proceeded to lay the stone, after ttfst ing which in the usual manner with the mal let, he declared it duly laid in . the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. He then gave a short address, and invited all to coma to the Saviour that they might be saved. He said that it had been expected that he would deliver a long lecture upon the origin of the Primitive Methodist connection. That, how ever, he would postpone to another occasion. As long as he liyed he would keep the trowel and mallet (if itlioy were not stolen), and would hand it do^vu as an . heirloom to his family, and he should never forget the kind ness he had received from the people of Wall send. A collection of the offerings laid upon the stone was here'inade, which amounted to £5 Gs. The Rev. E. Hiui,jdf, Camcleu, then deli .vered an appropriate iado^ess, at the close of which the proceedings were' closed by singing of the doxology and prayer. \- A public meeting was held in' the evening, in the Baptist chapel, which was kindly lent for the occasion, J. Y. Neilson, Esq., in the .ciinir. ..... . The Chairman, in his opening address, said ho thought a great mistake had been made in not having a tea meeting in connection with the ceremony — a mistake which was an in justice to tho . inhabitants of Wallsend, be cause it prevented the people displaying their Christian liberality. He felt sure if a tea had been provided it would have been liber ally patronised, as all had been in the past, notwithstanding that five or six had been 'held in so many months. Ho had no doubt they had done what they thought would be best, but he believed they nau maue » uiis tak.. Ho hoped at the opening of their church they would have a large tea meeting. He then called upon Mr. Read, who spoke of the early history of Primitive Methodism in the colony. Mr. W. Linsley next spoke on the intro duction of the. Gospel to Wallsend, himself having on a stirrup first preached there when there we,re only about six huts. The Rev. S. -Hart spoke on tho necessity of Christian patience, and faith. The Rev. T. E. O. Moll spoke on Christian co-operation. The Revs. W. T. Mayne and E. C. Prit chard next spoke, and 'the meeting closed with prayer about ten o'clock. The total amount collected amounted to £6 11s. 2d. 