EXPORTS.-Farmers here . are hot disposed: to hold on to . their stocks of ^lieat. and tlic exports- from MacDonncllB&y; have been unusually large for the last week or two. During the week ending May -5, 1,224 qi's. were despatclied to Melbourne. TEMPERANCE.-It will be seen that Mr Merson, temperance advocate, is now lectur ing in tlie district. Tlie full programme of Ins course will be fouud in another column. A good audience listened to his first lecture lastnigbt in the Oddfellows' & Foresters' hall. In the course of his lecture Mr Merson en forced the wisdom and necessity for total ab stinence, showing that it was the only practi cal measure that had.-ever been brought to bear upon the evils of drinking. He stated that total abstinence, solved one of the great est social problems of the age, and adverted to the opinions ol Goethe, the first Napoleon, and others, in support. lie proved.from the expressed opinions of the English magazines and newsyaper press, that there was wisdom and safety in total abstinence. He quoted a number of vital statistics, depicted the danger of moderate drinking, and throughout the lecture gave numerous factB and illustrations in support of his arguments. "We trust a goodly number of recruits will be "added to tlie temperance list through the efforts of the Mount Gambier Society. : COEBECTION.--In a portion of our town issue on "Wednesday the name of -one of the kinds of fish referred to was omitted. The name left out was " Mullawa." .. THE WHEAT MAEEET-The wheat market remains pretty stationary in Melbourne, and consequently all over the colonies. Holders do not appear inclined to rush th,e market, and surplus stocks are held in preference to being sold at a sacrifice. Prices are not likely to rise this season. We hope they will not fall any lower than at present. A JS?EW COASTING STEAMEB-There is some talk of a company being formed for putting on a steamer to . trade between Port MacDonnell and Melbourne and Adelaide. It is said that-Mr Colton, M.P., proposes to agitate the matter in Adelaide, and that many of our leading citizens will co-operate heartily in getting up the necessary capital. A second steamer, making Tort MacDonncll its head quarters, would be an immense boon to the rapidly-increasing trade of this district; besides bringing us postally so much neafer to the capital. THE TBADE OF THE DISTEICT.-A return of the exports and imports of the colony for the quarter ending 31st March, appears in last week's Gazette. From it we extract the following particulars relative to the trade of the South-East. Poi-t MacDonnell imported goods subject to ad valorem, duty to the amount of £10,798 14s., yielding a duty of £554 16s. ; while special duties (wines, spirits, tobacco, &c.;) yielded £620 3s. od. The exports amounted to £26,69318s., chiefly wool and wheat. Port Kobe imported to the value of £2,214 2s., yielding an ad valorem duty of £159 8s. 9d.; while special duties yielded £504 7s. 3d. The exports amounted to £87,538, chiefly wool. Port Caroline yielded a duty revenue of £2 6s. The ex- ports are set down at £3,340. The above figures do not give a correct idea of the import trade of the district, which is now nearly as large with Adelaide as with Mel- bourne. The trade of the colony for the quarter is given as follows :—Imports, re- tained in the colony, £694,286 10s. ; exports, the produce of the colony, £867,318 10s. THE QUEEN'S BIRTHDAY PIC-NIC.—We may mention, for the benefit of those con- cerned, that Mr Thwaites, photographic artist, has made arrangements to be at Comp- ton Downs on the 24th inst., at the "Monster Pic-Nic," and proposes to "take" the whole party—weather permitting. THE WEATHER.-On Thursday morning Mount Gambier was visited by an intense frost, and ice was formed on variaus shallow pools of "water. It came on to rain-'lii'the afternoon, and continued showery up till yes terday. THE KEY. CANON RUSSELL'S I/EcftrHE. Talking of a ieciure given by the Rev. Mr Russell, just before leaving Adelaide for tho South-east, the Gawler Bunyip says:-The talk is that the lecture of the Kev. Canon Russell at the Adelaide Institute.-the other night went off well, although the charge was small; that any subject would go off well from a cannon of Mr Russell's calibre ; that consequently the Governors of the Institute were gratified by an unusual assemblage of coats and an abundant rustling of crinoline." We trust the same accompaniments may attend the Kev. Canon's lecture here on Wednesday next, and that his " Ghost Stories " will be as popular as was his " Life and Character of the late Frederick Robert son, of Brighton." SALE OF LAND.-Mr G. M. Kobes reports the sale of section 426, Hundred of Mac Donnell, for Mr Clarke, at £15 per acre. LAYING DOWN GRASSES.-DrWehl has just finished the laying down of about 40 acres in imported grasses. The field is di vided into nearly as many plots as there are acres, for tho Dr. has sown separately some where near xipon thirty different kinds. This patchwork field will be watched with much interest. It adjoins Mr Doughty s section. PRAIRIE GRASS.—-Parties wishing to see how prairie grass will thrive in Mount Gam- bier should visit the acre plot laid down by Sir T. A. Wells, at Yahl. It is said to be one solid mass of vegetation, and to throw an amazing quantity of feed. Off this plot, Mr Wells is said to have obtained last season £30 worth of seed and several tons of hay ! We think some of our farmers might grow prairie grass to more advantage than wheat in the face of such a result. PBESENTATIOS.-By our advertising columns it will be seen that a Committee appointed .by members of the Kev J. E. Tenison Woods' flock, have presented him with a purse con taining 45 guineas, to assist in defraying his recent outlay in the purchase of a buggy and harness. Among the names of the subscribers we notice the names-of some who are not members of Mr Woods' church, but wljo have availed themselves of the opportunity of show ing their respect. HOI.TDAY. - Thursday next, being ,the. Queen's Birthday, will be observed as a holi day in Mount Gambier. We understand ajl the stores will be closed. ,y. DISCOVERY OF HUMAN REMAINS.-About 10 days ago while a shepherd in the employ of W. J. Browne, Esq., was watering his horse at a hole in the German Creek, he observed a skull lying under the water. - He started home and informed Mr Browne's manager, Mr Morrison, who visited the spot with some blacks. He tried to induce them to bring out the skull, but they would not. Mr Morrison then sent up word to the police here, and Sergeant Woodcock proceeded to the waterhole and with the aid of the blacks recovered the skull, and nearly all the bones of a human skeleton. He brought the bones on to Mount Gambier and they have been examined by Drs Weill and Tallis, who both concur in the opinion that they arc those of a white man. The skull is entire, all except the lower jaw, which could not be found. From the upper jaw three of the front teeth have dropped out, but all the others are in -excellent preservation, and judging by the fact that the back, or wisdom teeth, were only just , coming up, the opinion may be formed that the remains are those of a com paratively young man. In the skull appor tion of the brain still remains in the condition of a soft pulp. All the other bones were perfectly flestiless. No clue whatever to lead to .the identification of the remains was discovered. The blacks immediately on taking .out and looking - at the skull pro nounced; it to be that of a whitefellow, and they said they thought he had been about three years in the water. This latter sur mise would seem to bear out one suggested by. Mr Morrison, thatthe remains are those of an insane young man who disappeared about three years ago. He informed- Ser geant Woodcock that this young man was wandering about the station and disappeared somewhat suddenly, but as it was thought he had gone to some other part of the coun try, no enquiry was made relative to him. We Jearn that a magisterial enquiry will be held over the matter on Monday, but beyond the facts we have stated, it is scarcely possi ble that anything further can be adduced. LECTUEE.-The Eev. Mr Harcus delivered his lecture on Thursday evening ;iri the Oddfellows' and Foresters' Hall, and con sidering the unpropitious weather, there was a fair attendance. The lecture was announced to take place at half-past seven o'clock, but shortly before that time heavy rain set in, and continued for some time, which pre vented many from venturing out. The liev. Canon Russell presided. The subject chosen by the lecturer certainly possessed consider able originality, viz.-" Mr Punch." It was very amusmg, and kept the audience in continued outburst of laughter during its delivery. He remarked that " Mr Punch," or to speak more intelligibly, the periodical so well-known by the name of Punch, had become quite an institution in Britain, and possessed great influence. He associated with the greatest dignitaries of the land; was the friend and counsellor of statesmen ; the great enemy of " snobs" and " swells," and hit right and left the affected, drawling, style of speaking assumed by the "ex quisites'' of the present day, as for example, by the way in which they abused the letter r, examples of which were given by the lec turer. Punch was the staunch friend of oppressed nationalities ; his caricatures were perfect; he amused by his wit; chastised official insolence, and was as much admired for his witty and playful effusions, as he was feared for the poignancy of his sarcasm. The rev. lecturer gave citations from his " merry friend," and concluded a very interesting and amusing lecture amid the loud plaudits of his audience. A vote of thanks vras cor dially passed to Mr Harcus, moved by J. C. Lyon, Esq., S.M., and a similar com pliment was tendered to the rev. chairman on the motion of W. J. Browne, Esq., both of which were suitably acknowledged. 