THE STOLEN LETTER. A LAWYER'S STORY. [CONCLUDED.] I NOW saw my road clear before me—not very far on, but still clear. I had housed the letter, in all probability for that night, at the Gatliffe Arms. After tipping Tom, I gave him direc- tions to plaj about the door of the inn, and re* fresh himself when he was tired at the tart-shop* opposite, eating as much, as he pleased, on the understanding that he crammed all the time with his eye on the window. If Mr. Darager went out, or Mr. Darager's friend called on him, Tom was to let me know. He was also to take a little note from me to the head chamber* maid, an old friend of mine, asking her to step orer to my office, on a private matter of business, as soon as her work was done for that night. After settling these little matters, haying half* an-hourto spare, I turned to and did myself a bloater at the office-fire, and had a drop of gin and water hot, and felt oomparatiTely happy. When the head chambermaid came, it turned out, as good luck would hare it, that Mr. Darager had drawn her attention rather too closely to his ugliness, by offering her a testi mony of bis regard in the shape of a kiss. Ino sooner mentioned him than she flew into a pa—ion; and when I added, by way of clinching the matter, that I was retained te> defend the interests of a very beautiful and deterring young lady (name not referred to, of course) against the most cruel underhand Ueaihaij on the part of Mr. Darager, the head chambermaid was ready to go any lengths that she oonld safely to serre my cause. In a few words I discovered that boots was to call Mr. Danger at eight the next morning, and was to take his clothes down stain to brush as usuaL If Mr. D had not emptied his own pocketo overnight, we arranged that Boots was to forget to empty them for him, and was to bring the clothes down stairs just as he found them* If Mr. D—'s pockets were emptied, then, of course, it would be necessary to transfer the searching process to Mr. D 's room. Under any drcumstaaoes, I was certain of the head chambermaid; and under any cireninstanoea also, the head chambermaid was certain of Boot*. I waited till Tom came home, looking very puffy and bilious about the face; but as to his intellects, if anything, rather sharper than ever. The inn was shutting up ; Mr. Darager wa» going (o bed in rather a drunken condition t Mr. Darager's friend had never appeared. I sent Tom (properly instructed about keeping our man in view all the next morning) to hit •hake-down behind the office-desk, where I heard him hiccupping half the night, as eren the best boys will, when over-excited and too full of tarts. At half-past seren next morning, I slipped quietly into Boots' pantry. Down came the clothes. Ho pockets in trousers. Waistcoat pockets empty. Coat pockets with something in them. First, hand kerchief; secondly, bunch of keys* thirdly, dgar-oase'; fourthly, pocket-book. Of cou"*e\ I wasn't such a fool as to expect to find the letter there, but I opened the pocket-book with a certain curiosity, notwithstanding. Nothing in the two pocketo of the- book tat some old advertisement* cut out of news* papers, a lock of hair tied round with a dirty bit of ribbon, a circular letter about a loan society, and some copies of rerses not likely to suit any company that was not of an extremely free-and- easy description. On the leaves of the pocket-book, people's addresses scrawled in pencil, and bets jotted down in red ink. On. one leaf, by itself, this queer inscription :— " Mnc. S Alojto. 4 Across." I understood everything but those words and figures, so of course I copied them out into my own book. Then I waited in the pantry till Boots had brushed the clothes, and had taken them up stairs. His report when ho came down was, that Mr. D had asked if it was a fin* morning. Being told that it was, he had ordered breakfast at nine, and a saddle-horse to be at the door at ten, to take him to Grimwith Abbey, one of the sights in our neighborhood which I had told him of the evening before. " 111 be here, coming in by the back way, at halt-past ten," says Ito the head chamber thbM "What for?" says she. "To take the responsibility of making Mr- Davager's bed off your hands for this mmming only," says I. " Any more orders ? " says she. " One more," says I. " I want to hire flam for the morning. Put it down in the order book that he's to be brought round to my office at ten." In case you should think Sam was a man, I'd . better perhaps tell you ho was a pony. Td made up my mind that it would be beneficial to Tom's health, after the tarts, if he took aeonsti. tutional airing on a nice hard saddle in the direction of Grmwith Abbey. " Anything else ? " says the head chamber maid. " Only one more favor," says I. " Would my boy Tom be very much in the way if he came, from now till ten, to help with the boots and shoes, and stood at his work close by this window which looks out on the staircase ? " " Not a bit," says the head chambermaid. " Thank you," says I; and stepped back to my office directly. When I had sent Tom off to help with the boots and shoes, I reviewed the whole cam exactly as it stood at that time. There were three things Mr. Davager might do with the letter. He might give it to hit friend again before ten, in which case, Tom would most likely see the said friend on the stairs. He might take it to his friend, or to some other friend , after ten, in which ease Tom was ready to follow him on Sam the pony. And, lastly, he might leave it hidden somewhere in his room at the inn, in which case, I was all ready for him with a search-warrant of my own granting, under faror always of my friend the head chambermaid. 80 far I had my business arrangements all gathered up nice and compact in my own hands. Only two things bothered me; the terrible shortness of the time at my disposal, in case I failed in my first experiments for getting hold of the letter, and that queer in scription which I had copied out of the pocket book. "MIM. SAXOKO. 4ACKOSB." It was the measurement most likely of some thing, and he was afraid of forgetting it; therefore, it was something important. Query, something about himself? Say "5" (inches) « along," he doesn't wear a wig. Say " 5 "(feet) " along," it can't be coat, waistcoat, trousers, or underclothing. Say "5" (yards) " along," it can't be anything about himself, unless he wears round his body the rope that he's sure to be hanged with one of these days. Then it is not something about himself. What do I know of that is important to him besides? I know of nothing but the Letter. Can the memorandum be connected with that? Say, yes. What do "5 along "and "4 across "mean, then? The measurement of something he carries about with him ?—or the measurement of something in his loom ? I could get pretty satisfactorily to my aalf as far as that; but I could get no farther. Tom came back to the office, and reported him mounted for bit ride. His friend had never appeared. I sent the boy off, with his proper instructions, on Sam's back, wrote an en couraging letter to Mr. Frank to keep him quiet, then slipped into the inn by the back way * little before half-past ten. The head chamber maid gave me a signal when the landing was dear. I got into his room without a soul but her seeing me, and locked the door immediately. The ease was, to a certain extent, simplified now. Either Mr. Davager had ridden out with the letter about him, or he had left it in some safe hiding-place in his room. I suspected it to be in his room, for a reason that will a little astonish you, his trunk, his dressing- case, and all the drawers and cupboards, were left open. I knew my customer, and 1 thought this extra ordinary carelessness on his part rather ■upidous. Mr. Davager had taken one of tae best bed rooms at the Oatliffe Arms. Floor carpeted all over, walls beautifully papered, four-poster, and general furniture first-rate. I searched, to begin with, on the usual plan, examining everything in every possible way, and taking more than an hour about it. No discovery. Then I pulled out a carpenter's rule which I had brought with me. Was there anything in the room which, either in inches, feet, or yards, answered to "5 •long "and "4 across?" Nothing. Iputtb* rule back in my pocket, measurement was no good, evidently. Was there anything in the room that would count up to 5 on* way and 4 another, seeing that nothing would measure up to it? I had got obstinately per suaded by this time that the letter must be in the room, principally because of the trouble I had had in looking after it And persuading myself of that, I took it into my head next, just as obstinately, that " S along" and " 4 across" must the be right clue to find the letter by, princi* pally because I hadn't left myself, after all my Marching and thinking, even so much as the ghost of another guide to go by. " 5 along"— where could I count five along the room, in any part of it? Not on the paper. The patera there was pQlers of trellis-work and flowers, enclosing a plain green ground—only four pillars along the •wtSL and only, two across. The furniture P There wws not lvt> chairs or five seperate pieoes of any iumHun in the room altogether. The finnfss that hung from the cornice of the bed? Plsoay of them, at any rate! Up I jumped on tba aßiiaasipaim, with my penknife in my hand. Xvsry way that" 5 along" " 4 across" could be reckoned on those unlucky fringes I reckoned \4ti taens probed with my penknife, scratched with my nails, crunched with my fingers. No mm 1 not a sign of a letter; and the time was fttsiag an—oh, Lord! how the time did get on m Ifr. Davager's room that morning. I jwmped down from the bed, so desperate at a«y B-losk that I hardly cared whether any body hoard me or not. Quite a little cloud of £ast row at my feet as they thumped on the ovpoft "Hullo!" thought I, "my friend the head ebaaaterattid takes it easy here. Nice state for * carpet to be in, in one of the best bedrooms at the Gatliffe Arms." Carpet! I had been jumping up on the bed, and staring up at the walls, but I had never so much as given a glance down at the carpet. Think of me pre tending to be a bwer, and not knowing how to look low enough! The carpet! It had been a stout article in its time; had evidently begun in a drawing room} then descended to a coffee-room; then gone upstairs altogether to a bedroom. The ground was brown, and the pattern was bunches of leaves and roses speckled over the ground at regular distances. I reckoned up the bunches. Ten along the room, eight across it. When I had stepped out five one way and four the other, and was down on my knees on the centre bunch, as true as I sit on this chair I could hear my own heart beating so loud that it quite frightened me. I looked narrowly all over the bunch, and I felt all over it with the ends of my fingers, and noth ing came of that. Then I scraped it over slowly and gently with my nails. My second finger nail stuck a little at one place. I parted the the pile of the carpet over that place, and saw a thin slit which had been hidden by the pile being smoothed ever it, a slit about half an inch long, with a little end of brown thread, exactly the color of the carpet ground, sticking out about a quarter of an inch from the middle of it. Just as I laid hold of the thread gently, I heard a footstep ontside the door. It was only the head chambermaid. " Haven't you done yet ?" she whispers. "Give mo two minutes," says I, "and don't let anybody come near the door, whatever you do, don't let anybody startle me again by coming near the door. I took a little pull at the thread, and heard something rustle. I took a longer pull, and out came a piece of paper, rolled up tight like those candle-lighters that the ladies make. I unrolled it, and, by George! there was the letter! The original letter!—l knew it by the color of the ink. The letter that was worth firo hundred pounds to me.' It was all thatl could do to keep myself at first from throwing my hat into the air, and hoaraying like mad* I had to take a chair and tit quiet in it for a minute or two, before I could cool myself down to my proper business leTeL I knew that I was safely down again when I found myself pondering how to let Mr. DaTager know that he had been done by the innocent country attorney after aIL It was not long before a nice little irritating plan occurred to me. I tore a blank leaf out of my pocket-book, wrote on it with my pencil " Change for a fire hundred pound note," folded up the paper, tied the thread to it, poked it back into the hiding-place, smoothed orer the pile of the carpet, and then bolted off to Mr. Frank. He in his turn bolted off to show the letter to the young lady, who first certified to its genuine ness, then dropped it into the fire, and then took the initiative for the first time since her marriage engagement, by flinging her arms round his neck, kissing* him with all her might, and going into hysterics in his arms. So at least Mr. Frank told me, but that's not eridenoe. It is eTidence, however, that I saw them married with my own eyes on the Wednesday; and that while they went off in a carriage and four to spend the honeymoon, I went off on my own legs to open a credit at the Town and County Bank with a fire hundred pound note in my pocket. As to Mr. DaTager, I can tell you nothing more about him, except what is derived from hearsay eTidence, which is always mi satisfactory eTidence, eren in a lawyer's mouth. My inestimable boy, Tom, although twice kicked off by Sam the pony, nerer lost hold of the bridle, and kept his manin sight from first to hat. He had nothing particular to report, except that on the way out to the Abbey Mr. Darager had stopped at the public-house, had spoken a word or two to his friend of the night before, and had handed him what looked like a bit of paper. This was no doubt a clue to the thread that held the letter, to be used in case of accidents. In every other respect Mr. D. had ridden out and ridden in like an ordinary sightseer. Tom reported him to me as having dismouted at the hotel about two. At half-past, I locked my office door, nailed a card under the knocker with " not at home till to-morrow" written on it, and retired to a friend's house a mile or so out of the town for the rest of the day. Mr. DaTager, I have been since given to understand, left the Qatfiffe Arms that same night with his best clothes on his back, and with all the valuable contents of his dressing case in his pockets. lam not in a condition to state weather he ever went through the form of asking for his bill or not; but I can poritirely testify that he never paid it, and that the effects left in his bebroom did not pay it either. When I add to these fragments of eTidence that he and I hare nerer met (luckily for me, you wfll say) since I jockeyed him out of his bank-note, I have about fulfilled my implied contract as maker of a statement with you, Sir, as hearer of of a statement. Observe the expression, will you? I said it was a Statement before I began; and I say it's a Statement now I've done. I defy you to prove it's a Story!— How are you getting on with my portrait ? I like you Tery well Mr. Artist; but if you have been taking advantage of my talking to shirk your work, as sure as you're alive 111 split upon you to the Town Council! I attended a great many times at my queer sitter's house before his likeness was completed. To the last he was dissatisfied with the progrss I made. Fortunately for me, the Town Council appro Ted of the portrait when it was done. Mr. Boxsious, however objected to them as being much too easy to please. He did not dispute the fidelity of the likeness, but he asserted that I had not covered the canvas with half paint enough for my money. To this day (for he is still alive), he describe* me to att inquiring friends as " The Fainter- Man who jockeyed the Town CoundL" 