A TERRIBLE VISITOR. . .It was in compliance with the mandate of my medical man that I found myself late one autumn, about a dozen years ago, at the little town of Quimper in Brittany, surrounded by the -usual impediments of a married man on his travels. About eighteen miles from Quimper there stands, or stood at the time of which I speak, for of its after-fate I have no knowledge, an old.~fashioned house of con- i siderable size, with high-pitched roofs, twisted1 chimneys, and dormer windows, known, appro priately enough, as Maison Gris. Grey enough.it certainly was—a grim melancholy house, with a sort of desolate pride about it, like that of a decayed gentleman who cannot forget his better days ; but wonderfully com fortable and home-like within doors. It stood fronting the south, surrounded by a piece of ground, half garden, half orchard, and more wilderness than either; before it,/ the high road, that swept round to the left, and then dipped into a little hollow, where a hamlet lay snugly hidden, behind it, a stretcfrof undula ing meadow, that swept gently upward to where a fringe of poplars crowned the horizon j beyond which were more fields sloping downward till you reached, the ever shifting sand-dunes and the green waters of the Channel. "The house, to be sure, was far too large for the requirements of our small family, which consisted only of myself and wife, and our little girl Mim, eight years old; my wife's sister, and two stout Breton lasses to wait tipon us ; but we put such of the rooms as We did not; require under lock and key, and feminine tastes soon gave the others a com fortable -home, like appearance. Our life at Maison Gris was, of necessity^ a very quiet one ; many people might have called it a dull life, but we did not find it so. Our mornings were variously occupied—my wife's, in; looking after the needful domestic econmies ; Laura's in instilling into Mini's mind some of those multifarous items of know ledge which go to form the sum of a modern young lady's accomplishments ; while I worked on steadily at my great picture, growing more in love with it from day to day, as, bit bybit| theidea I was striving to work out took shape and colour under my brush. Our afternoons were spent mostly on the sacids; and music, chess, and reading charmed away the evening hours. We had brought a tolerable box of books with us; and an inter mittent shower of .papers and periodicals kept us from stagnation, and told us how the busy world was wagging. . ;v I had chosen one of the best apartments in the house for my painting-room. It had been the dining saloon once on a time, and had a large mullioned window fronting the north, consisting of small diamond-shaped: panes set in lead, with thin iron bars running across at intervals; and having the family; lozenge let in, high up, in painted glass. After the fashion of the period from which' this window dated, a small basement opened out of its middle compartment * bui 4;he hasp of this casement being defective^ Mim had found ,.\out a ready of opening it from the outside by means of a bit of crooked wire; and sometimes when I was busy with my brush and pallet, the minx would cease from trundling her hoop in the garden, and wait with her nose pressed against the window for the encouragement of a nod or a half smile ; taking which as permission, she ! would manipulate for a few moments with her bit of crooked wire, which she kept on the sill outside ready for such emergencies; till the hasp jdelded, and the casement opened, when i she would creep demurely through, and steal on tiptoe to iny side. Two doors opened into this room, one from a corridor which ran through the lower part of the house, the other from a corner of the verandah which led by a descent of-two or three steps into the garden. ^Thyl am . thus particular, in my description of: this rpom, will appear by and by. My great picture, as I have called it, and which I. had fully determined : in my own; mind should be an advance on * all my previous efforts, was a scene from " The Lady of Shalott/'where the boat, which the poor; lady,has found under the willows,, is floated i by the tide, with its silent/! burden, into " many-towered" Camelot; and " knight arid burgher, lord and dame" crowd on to the wharfs, marvelling who this may be. But besides this, I had another picture on hand,' to which I could turn for relief when the necessity .for change came- upon me. This second picture was a commission of my friend SirBichard Thornfiield, at whose house in the Peak I had been staying for a short time pre-~ vionisly; and hadxeference to a rather singular legend which had been current in 'bis family for several centuries; for the Thornfields were qiiite ancient enough tb haye an appari tion of theirown, and, however lightly you . might seem to regard it, you could not touch them op a more tender point than by attempt ing to iridic;ale the^Maily ghost. As is .usual inj such cases, apparitions never; appeared exceptasapresage of death to some impor tant member .of the family; but* there was this peculiarity about the Thornfield ghoist, that it wassieyer seen in proper person, but mejrely tbe'reflection of it in a mirror. •. Sud denly, when you were quietly shaving,, or arranging your cravat before the glass, you would, see the reflection .of a ghastly woman's facesteuing overyour shoulder at your own face in the glass, with such a stoiiy merciless glare in its unwinking eyes, as would for the moment freeze your very life- blood. Horror struck, you would turn, to see nothing4; and when your eyes wandered instinctly back to the glass, the dreadful thing would be gone, not to reappear, perhaps for several years. As if it had been put there to aid the pur pose I had in view, I found in the state bed room of Maison Gris an old-fashioned cheval glass, than which, with its fantastic frame work of carved oak, nothing could haye been more appropriate for the background of my picture. I at once caused it to be transplanted to my painting-room, and there it stood for several months, generally with a sheet of green baize thrown over it to keep it from the dust. When tired of the company of her ladyship of Shalott, I turned to my " ghost picture," as Mim called it, by way. of variety. Then was the glass unsheeted, and Laura, my wife's sister, would pose herself before it, as in the act of twining a string of pearls in her hair; while I transferred to canvas the out line of her figure, the turn of her little head, the flowing masses of her chesnut hair, with the up-carved arms and the taper fingers holding the pearls. The two faces as seen reflected in the glass—that of the apparition peering blue-white over the bride's shoulder, and the girl's own face—I left till the last, or, rather, was waiting till some moment of inspiration should lend my fingers the ne cessary power tojirepresent clearly on canvas the two faces as I saw them in my own mind. Among the minor virtues of civilised life, that of early rising ought surely to be con sidered as one ; and, now that I was in villegiatura, I fell back upon a primitive divi sion of time such as may still be operative in far-away country places, but which it would be quite impossible to observe amid the countless employments and distractions of life in town. Thus, it not unfrequently happened that I rose with the first streak of daylight, and taking a couple of biscuits in my pocket, set out for a six miles' walk, getting back in time for our early breakfast; after which I generally felt myself in good tune for a good spell of hard work. One autumn morning X got up as I had often done before, just as the sky was beginning to purple with the coming day ; and slipping quietly down stairs, I opened the front door, and stood for a moment or two on the steps enjoying the delicious freshness of the morning.' Whilst standing thus, the thought came into my head that it would be as well to take a peep into my painting room, and see that everything was right there. On leaving off work the pre vious evening, I had left open the door lead ing into the verandah, in order that the room might be purified by morning from the snieil ofiome turpentine which I had acicjentally spilt. This door I had afterwards forgotten to shut before going to bed; and the idea now struck me that it would be as well to see .that no strange cat or dog had been playing any pranks among my brushes and colours during the night. The door leading from the verandah into the painting room was at an opposite angle of the house froiri that at which I was now standing, so I descended the steps leisurely, and walked across the grass plot towards it' noticing as £ did so what I had never noticed before, that the old house looked older and greyer, showed the scars and brunts of age more clearly by that cold half- light of early morning, that when seen at any other time, even under the bright sun of mid-day. As I stepped under the verandah, I saw with some surprise that the door in front of me was-shut. It was a swing-door that shut of its own accord unless fastened back, and on leaving it overnight X had propped it open with a chair j but the chair was now gone, and" the door closed. Wondering a little by what means this had come about, I pushed open the .door; and went in. As I entered the room I mechancally let go the door, which swung to, and shut me in; and the same instant I felt, rather by intuition than by the action of. any more positive sense, that I was shut up .with something that had no. business there—with something terrible. I bad but one brief instant to look round ; the next, my wander ing gaze fixed itself upon two great blazing eyes staring baleftilly out at me from a dusky corner of the room; but in that -one second of time my mind took in the fallen chair, thfl great cheval glass in the centre of the room, my easel in one corner, a' broken doll of Mim s on the floor ; while other fa.mila.r objects further away in the big room still showed distinctly through the dim, grey light creeping through the thick panes of the old window; "then the eyes took me, and. that first awful shock with, which the sight of them thrilled me, X think that I could haardly have turned my'head away even to save my life. They: glared at me unwink ihgly from th^ -semi-obscurity of the corner with a sort of concentrated ferocity in their glare which chilled my very heart's blood. To what strange monster crouching. there, but half seen in that dim coiner, did thpse fiery orbs -belong ? jNot long was I left in doubt. With a snarl low, deep, and fero cious; with ail arching and bristling of its immense back ; with its mnnth grinning murder; ^with one crouching step backward, as if to give itself more leverage for a spring; and, with , one mighty rush, the tiger was^ upon me. X fell as though smitten by a 1 thunderbolt, a blood-red light danced for an mstant before my eyes, and then came'a darkness as of death.. My senses came back but slowly. I awoke by diegrees to a consciousness of life, but of a lire utterly dissevered from that of my former self. I was no longer the tenant of Maison Grris; I was no longer a nineteenth century umt struggling for my daily bread ; .Lwas a mummy in the heart of the Great Pyramid. I had been lying there as one dead for three thousand years, and now, by some process, which in no wise troubled me, I had been resuscitated; and it seemed only to follow in the natural sequence of things that X should awake and find myself the inmate of a gorgeous sarcophagus. I was not surprised. I gazed - around me with; interest, but without curiosity; I seemed to > hare been there before at some far distant ; date, and nothing looked strange. But from the moment X first opened my eyes, a.nd even before that, as it seemed to me, I had felt the oppression of something ponderous on my chest, of a weight that seemed to grow heavier and deader every minute. What could it be ? I tried to move my limbs, to lift my body into an upwright position; but the cerecloths in which I was swathed from! head to foot left me without the power to move even as much as a finger; and still that: mysterious weight upon my chest was becom ing . more suffocating and deadly every moment. For some reason unknown to me,, the lid had been lifted off my sarcophagus; a tender radiance shed by visible lamps per vaded the vast apartment ; and although I was unable to move my head and look round, I could gaze upward, and my eyes in their wandering circuit took in a considerable span of the flat overhead. On this room were painted in vivid colours, countless Egyptian symbols of gigantic size—the bull, the cat, the crocodile, the ibis, and the beetle were represented again and again, together with innumerable other symbols, all of which seemed strangely familar to me. Suddenly, while I was staring at the roof, I saw that, the keystone was wanting, and that the whole immense fabric was slowly collapsing, gradually settling down, and must before' long crush me, who lay directly under the apex of the pyramid—yes, crush me -rmrfor the Weight of a hundred thousand tons. Already, here and there, great cracks were beginning to show themselves; the lamps, too, no longer burned so brightly; the roof seemed to be creeping down the walls, as though it were being let down by chains; from above ; ever moment 'the air of the chamber was growing hotter ahdmore stifling; every"moment i;he deadly weight upon my' .chest was becoming more unbearable. Why had I been so reserved for a fate so horrible —I, the last man left alive on all the earth ? How had I sinned so greatly that, after a sleep of three thousand years, I should awake to the consciousness of a doom so dreadful ? It was nearly upon me now, that terrible roof, with its gigantic figures; red, black, andblue, whose strange lifelike eyes stared so intently: into mine. I • could almost have touched it! with my hand had I been free. Even now there was time to escape, if only those horrible cerements did not hold me so tightly. One last effort for life, though'my heart should burst in the attempt. What rapture ! the mummy-clothes were giving way, yield- i ing one after another ; and now but one remained—the one that bound my chest so tightly as almost to suffocate me. In a moment that too was gone. My heart gave a great throb of relief, and at once the whole vision faded into utter darkness ; and with a groan I opened my eyes, and came back to the affairs of real life. Where had I been, and what had happened to me ? Ah, the tiger! I remembered every thing now. But even this reality, bad as it was, seemed hardly as terrible as the doom which threatened me in my dream, if a dream it could be called. That dull, dead weigTit | upon my chest, which even in .my half con scious state had seemed ponderous enough to gradually crush the breath out of me, was nothing more or less than the immense paw of the animal in whose power I now was, and | the shifting of it had broken my - visioii just at the point .where endurance ends, and mad-* ness or death supervenes. In that first moment of semi-consciousness, after opening my eyes, I groaned slightly-; but scarcely had I stirred a limb when the tiger, which was crouching on the floor close by my shoulder, put forth his paw again ; as though afraid I were going to escape him, and brought it down on the upper part of my right arm; at the same moment his claws shot from thieir sheaths like so many hidden poniards, and peneteated through the thick cloth of my shooting coat into iny flesh. A shriek of snguish involuntarily escaped my lips, to which the beast responded with a muffled roar; and then, for the second time, I fainted. My poor scattered wits, on dragging them selves painfully together for the second time, seemed intutively cognisant ofv the danger that beset me. Every nerve and fibre in my body seemed to whisper " Beware!" I was conscious of the presence of my tferribe adversary before I opened my eyeS; -I felt that to move even an arm or a leg might be my death warrant ; ~ I lay there , like one dead, slowly g^therih£ my- energies to meet the ordeal still before met At length I ventured to open my lids a little way, and to i take a silent observation ofthe enemy s«id of my own position. The tiger was still crouched iat full length within a couple of feet of my nght shoulder, one paw profcuded a Ii$tl<e further than the other, ready,1 doubtless, to grasp me again, in case of any sudden move ment on my part. He "was a splendid brute, full grown, to all appearance, and gaily stripied, after the immemorial fashion of family; and under 'almost any ether circum stances I should have admired 'liim hugely. Every quarter of a minute or so he gave bis tail a slow, solemn whisk, bringing ;it down with a dull thud on the uncarpeted floor. It seemed to me, but . perhaps I was too fanciful, that there was a look of quiet satis faction, of grim enjoyment about him, as lid lay thus, gazing at me through contracted lids, with eyes of yellowish green, that never wavered or turned away for a single irmfatnt. He Seemed to feel himself so thoroughly master of the situation that he was in fid hurry to proceed to'extremities. Perhaps it was gratifying to his feelings to find one of the hated race of men so completely in his power. Occasionally he opened his mouth to its extent and yawned silently.;, and it makes me shudder even now when I remem ber the terrible array of teeth, visible at su^ch times. Once and again he would give bip lips an anticipatory lick with his1 great; red tongue, whilie his whiskers quivered like those of a cat that is' watching a bird. It was broad daylight by this time, and such of the familiar features of the room as.I could see without stirring my he&d;were just as they had been left, last night. The tiger, which I could not conclude to have escaped from some menagerie, haddotibtlesscome prowling about the housein searcfrtif shelter, and, finding the door invitingly, .openj.' he walked in, overturning the cnair in' hfe passage, and had made for himself a snug lair on some discarded drapery in One coiner till roused by my entrance.- But formy carelessness in leaving open the. door ofmy painting room I should never have foiihd myself'in this sad plight. - 1 ;r Instead of being close to the door by which I was /standing when the tig&r; ' sprang npnn me, I iaow found myself lying on a square of Persian carpet, and in close proximity to the second door, which opened out of a'corridor in the. house. Immediately oppositemeon the other side of the room was the large old fashioned window of which I have already spoken, towards which the tiger's back' was now turned. In a direct line between, the tiger and the window,. supported by two wooden uprights, and covered vntb green baize stood the cheval glass, behind "which the window was partly hidden, one side only of it being visible from where I lay.: y All this time I had been gathering up my energies to meet the fate* that' loomed so imminently before me with whatever of conrageand composure was possible to me. My cnances of escape seemed very fain indeed, but nrone the less did I keep' revolving one scheme after another in my brain'—never more subtly active, never throbbing with a fuller lifethan in that hour of my extremity—^only to reject them one by one as utterly hopeless. Alas ! for mfe there seemed no help on earth. ' A dull vague despair, in spHentif myeffbrts to the contrary, was beginning to' settle down over my soul, when, bnnging myey es to rest once more on the brute beside me, I saw with a thrill of hope that those un waveringeyes had. closed, at last. He was asleep; with on^ paw laid against my shoulder, ready to^gmsp me should I offer to stir. A small matter, truly, to cause me to thrill with hope/ btit l could not help accepting the fact, trifling las it was,; as an augury of good promise. Lightly and delicately the tiger slept—as lightly as any maiden dreaming of her lover, and waiting for his coming. I venturedto open my eyes a little wider, and a tntftnient [ afterwards a sight met my gaze whichstirreft I my soul to its veiy depths, and would have drawn from me some cry or movement of surprise had not the painful lesson of a few minptes before been still so fresh in- my memory. What I saw was the white agonised faee of my wife peering in through that. ■ corner of ther window hot hidden by the; | cheval glass, and Laura's face,* scarcely less anguish stricken, gazing over her shoulder. They had'discovered my dangerous J^sitiou: ' would -they be able to helpme ? Mywife's eyes • and mine met in-, a long, yearning, * heartfelt gaze across the little spacethat'&ept; , us asunder. I had' learnedto read the lan guage of those dear eyes years beforb, and' their meaning was plain to me 'iipw:Jf;Pjej? told of love and pity m a way thatjad mere words 'could have done, and yet breathed,, withal, a spirit of hope and consolation almost divine^ aB though wishing me hot.td fbi^t that both her fate and mine Tsrere inthe hands of, a merciful Power, witboutwhosej permission not even a sparroW can fafttothej ground.- *' "-5 ;3. f Suddenly Laura whispered something '' In.1 my wife's 6rir i^fchda flaah passedoverthfi faees of hands in a way that made ine grasp her i&ei;^ ; in an instant: She was going with me bymearis 1flip"'' ; called by ■. ppbple ' ; dumby^Eia^^"^yith'' acquain ted; •"Onie, by - one X Bpelled' Out wordaiMsbe^ with her fingers. Her first communication ranthus a ■ . " Courage. We . praying Jor you with onr hearts, aud working for you with our heads. Weareliywg to devise some means <&rescne;, and do mO^espair of success.'' *rihen jthey Wth kissed' their hands to me find went back out) pf- sight. I knew that tliey would come back again in a little while: that they had merely left me in order to talk over some scheme of escape. But what clianceof escape was there, indeed for me ? None, tione.ithat I could discern. Presently they returned, and Laura had j&m; in her arms,vwhom she lifted up to look through the window at poor papa. The .child was frightened when she saw the great brujte beside,me, and turning away put her arms round her aunt's heck, and I urst into sobs. A low growl from the tiger warned us all that the least disturbance might be fatal to me, Laura took the child away, but my wife remained by the window, her hands clasped pne in the other, her head drooping against the stonework, gazing at me through the panes, with fearless despairing eyes. In a iittle while Laura and Mim came back, and no longer terrified, now looked through &e;: .window at me, and smiled and kissed her hand. , Then came another message, worked out hy Lauras's nimble fingers V'",wte have thought of a plan which, with Heaven's help,, we hope will succeed. Lie perfectly still, and do not be surprised at anythingyoumay. see or hear. God bless \- ' < A mnute-or two later my ears, preteraatu a^Ly, i^ert; during those terrible moments— in^eed -jall my seises at that time seemed to be, pretejmaturally alive—detected a faint iow^ which I had heard many a time before, only this time it was fainter and more cautious ;£han usual. It was the noise n^e py^l^um wlieh she opened the casement Imin yof her piece of ferpoked, wire. : JFaint as the noise was the fti^er.pncked up his ears and gave utterance to.^otheriow, deep-throated warning. The npjise ceased, for a little awhile, to commence again about a minute later ; and this time the Jteasl did Jiot design to notice such a pretty interraption of thje prevailing quietude.. In a &tleymUe; the noise ceased, but whether the casement was now open or shut I had oo meaiiis judging, hidden from -view as that jgiart ^of the window was behind the cheval gi?ss, But even if they had succeeded in op£mng the casement, in what way could ti^ fact conduce to my deliverance? Had I eyeif possessed the tiger's full permission to use such a inode of exit, the casement was far j^gmall jto admit of my passing throng it. .'. I^ra coming back to the window tele graphed^ to/.&e;,.. for the &ird; ..time with her j&pgers; AJl> is . prepared. Wait and be silent, ^nrheau^s ^ire with you." , jr.jpear.lxines! that their" hearts, were with meilnever fox; one moment doubted,; nor th^.wfiatev^ womanly wit, sharpenhd by the most, ,devb£ei, love, could for my deliverance worn^ i^e Jaoco^piished by those two ! ' Laura, and Mim were nowgone, aricll jyas ieftalone with the sleeping tiger. A short space of the most intense silence followed,, and then my hear, hungering anxiously fpr^some sound, detected a faint rustling in the direction of the window, but so, iairit, so. like a whisper of silence itself, thatin any ordinary mood it would .not have reached my' senses at all. Although his eyes Vfepe stiil closed, and he was to all appearance asljeep, I saw, by a slight pricking of the tiger's ears, that the noise had not: been uottoticpd by him. It was with a feeling of MC^eninganxiety, which I should vainly try to despribe, that I awaited whatever might happen'next. 'Suddenly .my heart gave a great bouhd and I felt,4^ there was some one in the room be$j^ myself. There h?d been no noise, no movement^ further than the one of which I hays justspoken, and yet all at once I knew I yeas npt alone^-knew it by some delicate intuitive sense, by some subtle, spiritual affiqiitjr between myself and the intruder, wnic^i is. «s- >much a mystery to me now as it w^ ihpn,. The. tiger, too seemed to have had Ma*Wi^uons groused. First. his whiskers j twjtebfcd nervously: then he half-opened his! heavy lids,andglared at me with his yellow j^ejn ey^ in which there was a smouldering fCTpclty that might leap into a blaze any while his tail .began to ;curve \ uneaeilyi tod from his.caveruous throat there issued ^muffled growl of manace, long drawn out. Oh, tlje,soul-wearing anxiety of those fewmoments I Even now I shudder when I ■ X watched and waited. of the room was unbroken, withput any warning sound inti m&ipn; of what was coming, I saw a wee ^jtu^Jbandand 'slender white arm protruded fe>m behihd the cheval glass. il Great Heaven 1" I. cried to myself, ^ that is the hand and armoL,inydarling Mim !''ind my eyes $HiTed oyer with tears, and aU my heart wentjLOJth in a great silent ciy to Heaven to muqfe 3iad beenventared was, safely \- a^ompliBhed. ; Fastened to the curtain of ' whjch covered the cheval glass ^ these, ^ had now succeeded in hooHng athio cord-Hso much X at once discovered,, although for what purpose, the cord had been thus attached 1 w$s utterly at a toss to conceive. I was, however, far too anxious just then regarding Mim s safety to give-snore than a passing thought to any other subject however strange. But so cautious, as well as brave, was my littie darling that not the faintest sound betrayed her presence till, as I was afterwards told, she had reached the casement, and was about to be drawn through it by her aunt, when her foot slipped, and her head coming in contact with the stone wort o£ the window, she gave utterance to a low cry of pain. That cry thrilled through me; but no sooner did the tiser hear it than he started up with_ a roar that seero to shake the room, and the same instant the claws of his right foot buried themselves in my shoulder, only to be with- ( drawn the next moment, so as to enable, him to turn himself round, which he did ] with one sudden swing of his huge hody,: standing now, with Ms face to the cbeval class, and the window, from which point he Svidently sniffed danger. Fortunately he did not attempt to go near the window, otherwise poor Mim's fate must have been sealed before she could have escaped through the casement. As it was the brute contended himself with standing directly over my body, and giving utterance to a series of terrific roars, such as might well have made the stoutest heart in my position puall with fear. Did some instinct dimly apprise him that he was in danger of losing his prey that the dainty dinner of man-flesh which he had inade his own so, easily, and over which he had luxuriated for the last hour or two, dwelling in imagination on the delicious feast to come, was about to be spirited from him ? Be that as it may, the tiger was quiescent no longer ; the crisis of my fate, either for salvation of destruction, was evidently at hand. . Mim was safe by this time *, I had a glimpse of her white face as the Breton nurse hurried with her past the window; and I could now afford to turn my mind to the consideration of my own danger: and truly my prospect of deliverance seemed at that moment a faint one indeed. "^he tiger's suspicions were thoroughly aroused. He had now taken to walking round and round me in a unending circle, sniffing at me from time to time, and growlmg to himself, while I lay with shut eyes simu lating death as closely as possible. Suddenly he stopped in his walk, and fell back a pace or two from me ; and at the same instant there burst from his throat a loud snarling yell half of rage and half of fear. The, cord hooked on to ~the ring' by Mim had been pulled from outside the window; the sheet of green baize had fallen away from before the cheval glass, and the startled beast turning at the sound saw reflected therein another tiger and another man. With him to see and to act were one. His tail lashed his sides once or twice as he stood gazing for a moment at this intruder on his territory ; then, still snarling. viciously to himself. With contracted body, and all his huge muscles quivering with excitement, he worked his way back ward almost to the door, so^ as to give himself more room for his^ apring, then all" at once curving his body into an arch, and bringing his grinning muzzle nearly to the ground, he shot over me like a flash of yellow light, aiming straight at the reflection of himself in the* glass. Carried by the immense impetus of his spring, he shot ciean through the glass and the woodwork behind it, coming out on the other side bleeding and partially stunned, and quite as much frightened, I suspect, as -either. But at the first sound of shivered glass and before the scared beast had time to recover his presence of mind, the door behind me was suddenly opened and my two good angels rushing in seized me as I lay, and, with a strength which at any other time would have astonished themselves, they lifted me lightly up aud swung me but of the room. It was the work of a moment. Laura's bold device had succeeded, and I was savedl; The rage of the tiger was something fearf a. when he found out he had been tricked, and that his prey had really escaped him, Later on in the day came the caraven people from whose custody he had escaped on the previous night shortly after feeding time, and in such a quiet cunning fashion,, owing to one of the keepers having imperfectly fastened a small grating at the top of his den, that his depar ture was not, discovered till daybreak. He. had subsided into a fit of sulks by the time the keepers reached Maison Gris, and neither [ coaxing nor threats could stir him out of the corner in which he had taken up his qnarters, and there was no keeper bold enough to venture into the room to him. Ultimately he was captured by means of a tempting shin of beef fixed in an iron cage, which he was obliged to enter before he ceuld get at it, and, once inside the cage, his liberty was gone. ^ • I was very iU for a long tame, and nearly a year elapsed before nay aim and shoulder were sufficiently recovered to enable me to use brush Mid pallet again. * The scars I shall carry with me as lone as I life.— -From. Chambers Journal. v A CoubsingConijndbum.—When is agrey honndnot a greyhound P—When it tarns a 