?I-1 uiiUíuvil o' f i;iTilEíÓPElÍA-.0'-t:m'ly^ 'íoiíl O-JI li i,- if * <:i\\[ in i>n» .=>-I!ÏIIO Î!Î!V/ m ÜHMU I Tho production p^TBii^j^a^g^ath,'qpwn'of jj SwnlV 'ramido''' last (night waB»onq',of tho' most ^umpha'nt'. succbasoi over aohiarod 'upon.tho .'sf «gc.,'Próm^rsí..to ''last'' it/oVldenbéd %é'gtimí((^'om.,m^!t8 preparation^ «Md tho.>ísu)t >Tas 'consequently^ 'proportionate.' To' speak 'of tho ópera in détail is a somewhat' hoa'vy task, after its termination at so lato an. hour,-although the manner in whioh' it was porformod full j justifies any eulogium wo may find it nocessary to uso. ' .In tho first placo to speak of tho scenery, whioh, Was dntircly .now, wo havo no hesitation in saying that it fully, 'cqúallod in many.of its parts tho c^lobrated scenery for , whioh this opora'has boon famed. in Xondon, and. tho last scono wna n counterpart of that at Covent Garden [ Thoátro, and although necessarilysmaller, ¡a nono tho less creditable to Slr.' Henninge, who must havo bestowed immense pains to produco so offset! ve a picture OB thia which roprosonta' tho' tower of Babel crowdod. with . spectators araazod at tho accidental murder of their Quoon by the ohoson successor to tho crown, Areacea. .Tho scenery throughout, howoror, is of the highest oíase, and 'great oredit . is due to ' Hr. Hennings, Mr. -Massey, Mr. Burbury, and their assis- tants, as oach Bcono was a perfoot pioturoof the Assyrian Empire, and deserves tho highest commendation. Tho drosses and decorations were also very appropriate, if not oxaotly porfeot, and Mr. Haines is desorying-of mon tion for his share in the production of tho opera. Ta \- Mr. Benno and bis ;" boina" a ooneidorablo amount of praiso ls duo for tho skilful manner in which the machinery nnd framowork of tho wbolo ecenory has been ereotod and managed,"especially.'when- the' short time in whioh lt waa dono is .taken into: consideration.' The sceno representing the famous banging gardens of Babylon may bo rogardod ns ono of tho most success- ful productions of .Mr. Hennings'.' pondi;, but each scono -was a' picture in itself,' nnd carried tho spectators hiok ;to thoso remote periods whon angularity and . stiffness were tho.ordlnary types of general ornamenta- tion. The production of tho opera-hod an ; additional .interest imparted to it in tho fact' of its being produced under tho conductorehip of Mr. John Hill,, in placó of Mr. .Goorgo Loder. ¡ Of courso to take tho choir ; immodiatoly and, unexpectedly after a gentleman of Mr.;Iiodor'» woll known capabilities was, a task in itself of no ordinary difficulty, and would creaton considornblo amount of nervousness in ovon tho'most accomplished musician. Wo aro unaware whethor Mr. Hill has been previously accustomed to wlold tho. baton, but judging from last; night's ' per- formance and its result, wa havo no reason to doubt his ultimate mastery of his difficult tnBk. . Ha has tho good fortune to havo undor his', conduotorship ,an 'orohestra of musicians,! ,' who can by,, their .own-,, individual,? ?;ability ?. considerably lighten his labours. His boat is not of tho decidod and understandable charaotcr of his predecessors, but to thia his band will becomo accustomed, nnd avoid one or two' lapses such ns occurred last evoning. Mr. Hill appears to possess plenty of nerve, and alter a littlo practice, will probably become moro familiar with tho oxigenólos of tho occasion. Tho ovorturo was so woll played as nar- rowly to escape hoing encored.-Tho firet econo ropro Bonte the temple of Bolus, with , the idol in-its centro, to whioh; tho nssombling crowd Ldo homage as thoy ' enter. This - soeno elicited great applause. " Tho characters were magnificently and most appropriately attired, and tho effect of tho contrast' af colour and the artistic grouping , of tho.assemblage savo a most imposing ospoot to tho scone. Mr. J. E.' Kitts- performed tho part of Oroe, th» High Priost ' of Bolus, and sang the musió : with tho . greatest effeot, whioh, with his figuro and dress modo him Btandout as ono, of tho first characters in tho' opora. . Mr. Armos Boaumont . as, Idreno, astonished tho nudienco ' by 'the' brillianco ' of-' his 'vocal- isation, for whioh he ¡B certainly' dosoxving of tho bigho&t; praiso, as ho executed it throughout with almost electrical effect His dross was of tho most elaborately and beáutiful kind and quito in keeping with tho character he sustainod. Mr. Fred. Lyster dressed and looked the part of Assur exceedingly well, and sang1 tho music in a manaor that showed bis ontire know- ledge of it, and dcairo to maka, it tell to tho utmost. We'' worn a littlo surprisod to And him, however, woaring his ; sword * in a ' manner, considerably. - different from the style of that of tho Assyrians in. general. Of Madamo Luoy Escott as Somlramldo, nothing can bo said but -whit is eulogistic ; she sang, as sho only can sing, and-sho aoted in a manner fully equal to hor Binging ;. while her attira was of tho most splendid description. Hor crown was a picture of itself, and tho jowefs. upon hor neck shown with resplendent brightness and heightened tho . charm of hor queqnly appearance. Her, .exooution of tho. musio was as noar pérfootion 'ns could .ever 'bo obtained- : on a« first .' représentation, and in tho scono' , in' --which . ¡ she , is . roproaohed by< A«ur- .(M', Tí)<¡. Iiyator) , hor.. BJvorign . ieoorn. mniios' tho groat' man really, appear email bosido her.- Tho grand duet "Giorno d'arroro" be-; tween hor' and.Areaco (Misa'Georgia Hodson) was magnificently sung, and but for tho latonoas of tho hour, would havo boon oncorcd. Miss Georgia Hodson in tho character of Arenco has, perhaps, tho most trying " part"' of any in which' sho has yob nppoarod, and it is but scant justico to say sho fulfilled its require- ments to tho utmost, . and cortainly nover sang with moro success or groa tor ability. Sho,. too, waa dressed with scrupulous oxaotnees,, and her costume and performance troro doservlng all praise. Tho little part of tho "'Ghost of Ninui," was allotted' to Mr. j (Sutcliffe; who acquitted himaolf vory sntiafao* torily. j The choruses wore, on the whole, vory evenly: and correctly, sung, but will probably "go" botter in subsequent representations. The horhliko nppondagoV of the ¡ mtn gnvo thom a vory nnciont and ram-liko nppoaranoo, and in ovory othor respect, tho detail of the opora was vory carefully lookod» af tor. Tho Sydnoy Brass Band.(whichevor^tbat is) addod to tho oomploto noas of tho opera by their performances, though it is to bo hoped they will learn their musio and so do away with tho antngoniBtlo appoaranco ' causad by tho papor appendages to their* instruments. Tho principal characters wero called boforo tho curtain after each act, to rocoiyo tho complimentary approbation of tho audionco ¡ and Mr. w. 8. Lyster, to. whom tho orcditof tho whole production is duo, is certainly ontltlod to tho fullest prniso for tho liberality displayed in tho pro- ducion of this magnificent and highly Buoceeaful opera. Tho opora will ho repeated this and oyory «vening during the prosont weolr, ' 