SUPREME COURT. TUESDAY, MAY 8, 1866. CIVIL SITTINGS. BEFORE his Honor the Chief Justice. MONK V. HARRIS.—(Resumed.) Mr. Shaw and Mr. Cooper for plaintiff ; and Mr. Pring (in the absence of the Attorney- General) and Mr. Bramston for defendant. Captain David Dring, examined by Mr. PRING, deposed ¡ I am a marine surveyor ; I surveyed the Hamlet's Ghost on Saturday last, when she was opened out with a view to ascertain the amount of work done as charged in the first account ; there is an overcharge of £2 14s. for copper nails, &c.;,' which, in my opinion, could not haye been used; there is also an overcharge of £6 6s. 8d. for cedar said to have been used for the skylight ; defendant also overcharges in quantity for the copper bolts, copper nails, iron nails, muntz metal, and other articles to the amount of £41 7s. 2d., and in the labor account, which shows 919 working days, I consider there is an overcharge of fully two-thirds ; 306 daya is ample time to allow for what was done to the vessel ; con- sequently, there is an overcharge for labor to the extent ,of £380 and odd on the above reckoning, and taking into account the £200 defendant had paid, there would be due to plaintiff £139 l6s, 6d. ; I examined the work particularly ; in some parts the planking out- side was shaved away to ¼ of an inch thick, in other parts it was ¾ of an inch thick, and 7/8 in some parts ; the filling in is bad, and no air being able to get to it, it will soon rot ; there is no breasthook forward ; she is fastened all along the outside planking, sometimes copper nails, sometimes spike nails, and some iron, indiscriminately ; I have superintended three very large Government contracts here, and there has been no dispute ; my surveys as marine surveyor are accepted at Lloyds. Cross-examined by Mr. SHAW : I have never superintended the building of a yaoht. (Wit- ness looks at model, and points' out the parts that were opened., for him to examine her.) She was opened both on the port and starboard sides ; the estimate I made would build a new vessel ; I consider the whole of the labor be- stowed on the ship would be amply paid ,by £190 ; the planking I have spoken to as being only a quarter-inch thick in one part was the main planking of the vessel, and not a piece put over tho planking ; in my estimate I allowed for her being copper fastened below the thin plank outside, but I have not allowed for cop- per nails in the filling up. . Re-examined by Mr. PRING . She is now four inches wider on the starboard side than on the port, in fact lop-sided. Captain Alexander John Manson, shipwright surveyor to the Marino Board, deposed : I have examined the Hamlet's Ghost thoroughly ; I estimated tho whole value of tho vessel as sho stands at about £505 ; that includes masts, spars, rigging, &o.; ; I have oxaminod tho plain- tiff's charges ¡ I estimato tho valuo of the material and labor oxpended at £324 ; that was in April last ¡ I havo since seen her oponed, and I do not form BO good an opinion of her now ; the work is by no means first-claBs j the insido is rough, and ttho outside too slight. Cross-examined by Mr. SHAW : I am not a shipwright by trade, but havo had great ex- perience in ships; the vessel was partly stripped for examination. William Martin, examined by Mr. PJIINO : I am a shipwright | I examined tho work done on the Hamlet's Ghost, and OBtimato tho labor and materials used at £324 4s. 2d. Cross-examined by Mr. SHAW : I havo fillod up vessels in tho woy the Ghost is filled up ; that is not tho usual way, but it is a very com- mon one. ' Alfred Harwood, shipwright, was also ex- amined, and gave Bimilar testimony as to the sufficiency of the estimates mado by previous witnesses. " Mr. BEAMSTON then put in a letter dated March 26,1866, in .which the plaintiff declined to go to arbitration ; and that having been read closed the ovidenco for the defendant. Elijah Monk, tho plaintiff, recalled, was ex- amined by Mr. SHAW to prove that various bolts and fastenings woro in tho vossel, the cxistenco of which had been denied by the other witnesses ; and also that it had been the custom of the firm of Harris and Co. to pay him 15s. a day on all largo jobs. The Court adjourned at a quartor to 5, till 10 o'clock on tho following (this) morning, when Mr. Pring will proceed to addross the jury for the defendant. OBIMINAI SITTINGS. Before his Honor Mr. Justice lutwyche irUBDEB. In this caso Jane Jones was indicted for that, on the 24th Maroh last, she did feloniously, wilfully, and of her malice aforothought kill and murder one Martin Farrell. Tho prisoner pleaded not guilty, and was defended by Mr. Jones. The Attorney- General prosecuted. William Wilson, being sworn, deposed that he was a timber getter at Mooloolah, and knew the prisoner ; know the deceased Martin Farrell ; ho was alivo on the 24th March last ; saw EriBoner on that day'; on that morning was at ow and Gregor's store ; Martin Farrell was with him ; had been there with him the day and night boforo; prisoner and her husband went an ay; saw prisoner again that day at Moo rooche River ; Bkortly^ after 2 Farrell and he left tho store on horeeback ; thoy rode pretty quickly to Moorooche ; thoy called at Chambers' hut ; the plan produced was a correct one of the locality; they went into Chambers' hut; Farrell (the deceased), first; and witness following him ; saw the prisoner thero ; her husband was out- side lying on the gross ; she was in the hut for some time; and soon after Farrell came out of the hut, and while witness was talking with M'Mahon prisoner said, " I will not be long Wilson ;" at that tune witness did not seo the prisoner ; ho then went in tho direction of the hut of one Brown ; when he saw Farrell again ho was lying dead at Brown's door ; between the timo of Farrell touoliing him on the shoulder and his seeing Farrell dead he heard two shots ; he did not seo prisoner until after hearing the second shot; upon hearing it he jumped upon his horse and rode towards Brown's hut ; ho there saw the deceased ; he was lying on his back, a httle inclined to the left Bide ; his feet were towards tho door of the hut, and level with the door ; MB head was near the fireplace, in front of the hut and outside it ; he was in the position of a mon who, being fired at from the hut, had fallen hook; at the time witness saw him there was a slight gurgling in his throat; ho called to him, "Martini Martin!" but he did not speak ^he motioned to M'Mahon as he waa "standing at Chambers' hut, and ho said in the prisoner's presence, " Keep her in charge, as murder bos been committed ;" pri- soner aaid, " You shut up Wilson, what have you got to do with it ¡" M'Mahon then went with witness to Brown's hut, to seo tha body ; M'Mahon and lie then got their horses to go to Mooloolah for the constables ; he shortly after saw the prisoner at Low and Gregor's store ; remained there and sent a man on ; he did not speak to the prisoner. 1 CrosB-examined by Mr. JONES : The prisoner told him at Chambers' hut that she intended giving herself up ; he had known her twenty years ; a married woman all that time, and mother of a large family ; he had known Martin Farrell between three and four years 5 he worked forhimfor two years ; he could notsay that he waB a wud~fôôhsK young man as far as women are concerned j he was a very sensible young man ; a woman lately married followed him down there ; he "should Bay it was between three and four in'the' afternoon when ho touched witness on the shoulder ; it was about ten minutes between that time and when he heard the shot fired ; while yarning with M'Mahon he did' not notice any one pass from Brown's'to Chambers' hut; he heard Mrs. Jones that day call deceased a liar ; Farrell was not drunk that day ; he had drunk a little the doy before ; the prisoner had a nip or two that morning f the deceased had his share ; he thought Mr. Chambers and M'Mahon were in the but when prisoner called deceased a liar ; witness did not look round when the shptB were fired ; M'Mahon made no observation [to him " when, tho shot was fired.*' ¡l " '' . ?* 1 "By~the"3rDiiOsr'M'Mah'o£t-'did-notrtoll hinr he 'saw Martin Farrell fall'; t ho did not Bay tjo him 'he saw -Martin Farrell running ; when d10 beckoned to him ho did not come, i '>i I James M'Mahon, examined by the ATTOIINEV GENERAL : I am a Romau Catholic, and boliove in the Banctity of the oath I have just taken; I know the prisoner aud Martin Farrell ; on tho 24th Mftrch last I saw this woman and Martin Farrell at Moorooohe ¡ I know Chambers' hut; saw prisoner and Martin Farrell in that hut that day ; saw last witness that day; remember talking to him outside the hut; I know Brown's hut; it is about 200 paces distant, or less j the space between tho two huts is pretty clear ; I could see between tho two ; I was talking to Mr. Wilson outside ¡ I saw Martin Farrell once outside ; I Baw prisoner and deceased going in the direotion of Brown's hut ; it was about 4 o'clock ; thoy were not walking together ; thoy had the breadth of the rood between them ; I did not look after thom ; when they had got about one-third of the way I hoard tho report of a gun ; before I heard tho roport I saw the prisoner outside the hut ; I did not see Farrell before I heard the report ; about four or five minutes oftor I heard the report I eaw tho prisoner standing at the hut with a gun in her hand, and smoke was before her ; I saw the decoased running round the corner of tho hut, trotting ¡'I lostrsightof him, and tkonafow minutes after hoard tho Bocond roport of a gun; I afterwards saw har coming on tho road loading -to tho huts ; I mot hor, and ¡sho said" sho had shot Marun ; and added the words, "TOB ; I shot him," or " I shot him dead,'' words to that offect ; I asked her why she shot him ; she said for giving impudcnco-sho would shoot any man ; Wilson said something, and 'she told him to shut up, it was not his business ; tho body, when I Baw it, was lying on its back, Blightly loaning on the left sido ; there was a wound on the left breast ; Constablo Craven carno down ; I saw shot ^xtraoted from the body ; ho was buried tho next day ; I Baw a gun about six or soven yards from the hut whoro I found Lim ; tho gun was doublo barrelled. Upon this ovidence, coupled with tho state- ment made by the prisoner that BIIO hod shot him while.endeavoring to protect her honor, a vordict of acquittal was returned, and tho pri- soner waB discharged. LABOBNV. In this case Patrick Telty was charged with having, on the 1st May instant, stolon ono watch and one watch chain, the property of ono Phillip Reilly, in the dwolling house of Mrs. Mary Ahearn, of the valuo of £5. He was further charged with having feloniously re- ceived the same. Thô prisoner ploadednot guilty, and was undefondôd. . | Tho ease was very simple. The prosecutor was barman at Mrs. Ahcarn's house, the Sports- man's Arms ¡ about 11 o'oloek ho wont out, leaving his watch upon tho looking glass ; ho returned about an hour afterwards and missed it ; on the evening of tuo samo day the prisoner offered the watch to a man named James Hannell, and offered to sell it for 16s ; it was ovontually Bold to Hannell for 13s. 6d., and he said that the watch waB his ; tho watch was worth, according to tho ovidenco of Mr. Torry, £6. A verdict of guilty on first count was re- turned, and the prisoner waa sentenced to nine months' imprisonment, with hard labor, in Bris- bano Gaol. EOEOEBV. In this case Samuel Butcher was charged with forging and uttering a bank choque. Tho prisoner pleaded, not guilty, and was defondod by Mr. Pring. It appeared that tho prisoner went to tho houso of Mary Ann Toholy, wife of a publican of Spring Hill, on the 28th April last,Dotwoon II and 12 p.m. Ho was alone when ho entered, but afterwards a girl joined him. He asked for a bottlo of port wino, and gave a ohequo for it for £2 ; Mrs. Tehely said Bho did nothko taking the cheque, and by somo accident the choque was torn ; ho then asked for an A.J.S. Bank ohequo, and alterod it to tho Bank of New South Wales, signing it Chumming and Co. ¡ the torn cheque was signod Cumming and Co. On giving this chequo prisorer said it was all right, and that it might bo taken down to Mr. Stccle's, the chemist ; she gave him the bottle of wino and £1 15B. chango. The chequo, which was for two pounds, was proved to be a'forgory. A verdict of guilty was .returned, and the Erisonor was sentenced to bo imprisoned, with ard labor, for eighteen calondar months. , The Court rose at twenty-five minutes past 4 p.m. 