? ; A «HbST -BTOBt. I n * well-authenticated ghost. ator^, names and dates should be ^distinctly epeci- In .the, following stoiyI ;au£iiufori tunately able to .give : only the year and -the xibptli; for I have forgotten' the date o f the. day,,. And. I do,, not keep a diary. With regard to names, my own figures an a gmrafit«6; .at; the enjl of„this paper, as that o f -the principal persoWage to whom the following extraordinary circumstances occurred, but the minor .actors are provided with fictitious names,, for I am not warranted to make their real ones public. I may; add that the believer in ghosts mar iiake' use of the frets which I relate to establish his theories, if hie finds that they will be of service to him—when he has read through nnd weighed well the startling account which I atn about to give'from my civil experiences. On. a fine evening in June, 18G0,1 paid a visit to Mrs.. Lyons, on my way to the Hassock's Gate Station, on the London and Brighton line. of Brighton. This station is the first out As I rone to leave, I mentioned to the lady whom I was visiting that I expected a parcel of books from town, and that 1 was going to the station to inquire whether it had arrived. 4 Oli,' said she, readily, «I expect Dr Lyons out from Brighton by the 9 30 train; if you like to drive the ponv-chaise down to meet-him, you are welcome, and you can bring your parcel back with you in it. I gladly accepted her offer, and in a few minutes I was seated in a little low basketcarriage, drawn by a pretty iron-grey "Welsh pony. The station road commands the line of the-South Downs from Chantonbury King, with its.cap of dark firs, to Mount Harry, the scene of the memorable battle of Lewea. Woolsonbury stands out like a headland above the dark T)anny woods, over which the rooks were wheeling and cawing pre- vious to settling themselves in for the night. Ditcliling beacon—its steep sides gashed with chalk-pits—was faintly flushed with light. The Clayton windmills, with their sails motionless, stood put darkly against the green evening sky. Close beneath opens the tunnel in which, not so J org ago, there happened one of the most fearful railway accidents on record. The evening was exquisite. The sky was kindled with light, though the eun was set. A few gilded bars of cloud lay in the west. Two -or three stare looked forth—one I noticed twinkling green, crimson, and gold like a gem. From a field of young wheat hard by, I heard the harsh grating note of thecorn-crakc. Mist was lying on the low meadows like a mantle of snow, pure, smooth, and to their knees. white; the cattle stood in it The effect was so singular that I drew up to look at it attentively. At the same moment I heard the scream of an engine, and on looking towards the downs I noticed the up-train shooting out of the tunnel, its red signal lamps flashing brightly out of the purple gloom which bathed the roots of the hills. Seeing , that I was late, I whipped the Welsh pony on, and proceeded at a faat trot. At; about a quarter of a mile from the station there is a turnpike—an odd-looking Gilding tenanted by a strange old man usually dressed in a white Binock, over • which his long white beard flowed to his breast. T W toll- collector—he is dead now —had amused himself in bygone dajs by ca r Y'ng lifo- sizo heads out of wood, and these were st uck alpng the eaves. One is the face .of a drunkard, round and .blotched, leering out of mifsty eyes at the passers-by; thp next has the crumpled-features of a miser,'worn out with toil and moil; tie third has the wild scowl of a maniac; and a fourth, the. stare ofan idiot. I drove past, flinging the toll to the door, and shouting to the old man to pick it ttp, f°? I was in a vast hurry to reach the station before Dr. Lyons left it. I whipped I^Jittle pony on, and. he began to trot down , a cutting in the green-sand, through •which leads the station-road. Suddenly, Taffy stood still, planted his . /eei.roeplutoly in jthe. ground, threw up his head, .sported, and refused to move a peg. i Vgee-up-pd .' and • tsh-ed.' all to no purpose; not a step would tlie.little fellow advanc^. I. .sa.u- that he was thoroughly alarmed, his flanks w6re quivering, and his ears were thrown back. I was on the point of leaving -the chaise, when the pony made a bonnil on one side and ran the carriage ^P-j^S-.&e; .edjje, thereby, upsetting ine ou * tbe/gi& • I - jieft^d - myself up, and too the" beastV hyad. I" coilld not conceive what'had frightened him ; there was positively golhipg ip Jjo e.ecni'excepfc a puff of dust Fulinirig.upljheiraad, such as might be llowa .aloiKg' bv l a passing curreht 6f air. There was nothing tp heard, except the . ^Pf - ;® JSif! ^ar.-carjt, with one wheel ^d^Mp^rpbS^iy ' a. '^ypliicle-' of this kind was foi^jgri^ep down the Jtandon road, uhich braheh^'ofrat the tunipilte at right, angles, the eojind.Jbeea.ine ..fainter, anil at last died away in the .distance. The pony now no longer refused to advance. It trembled violently, and wals covered with sweat. * Wfell! upon my word you have been . driviughard!' exclaimed Dr. Lyons., when I met. him at the station. 1 T have noT.,"indeed," was iny reply, ' but something has frightened Taffy, but what that something was, is more than l can tell/ ' Oh, ah!' said the doctor, looking round with a certain degree of interest in Tiis face, ' so you met it, did you!' ' Mejt what ?' ' Ohi nothing,—only I have heard of horses being frightened along this road after the arrival of the 9 30 up-train. Flys never leave the moment that the train comes in, or the horses become restive—a wonderful thing for a fly- horse to become restive, isn't it ?' 'But what causes this alarm? I saw nothing!' ' You ask me more than I can answer. I am as ignorant of the cause as yourself. 1 take things as they stand, and make no inquiries. When the flyman tells me that he can't start for a minute or two after the train has arrived, or urges on his horseB to reach the station" before4the arrival of this train,—giving as his reason that his brutes become wild if he does not do so,—then I merely say, ' Do as you think best, ca and bother my head no more about the matter.' ' I shall search this matter out,' said I, resolutely. ' What has taken place strangely corroborates the superstition, that I shall not leave it uninvestigated.' ' Take my fidvice, and banish it from your thoughts. When you have come to the end, you will be sadly disappointed, and will find that all the mystery evaporates, and leaves a dull, common-'place residum. It is best that the few mysteries which remain to UB unexplained should still remain mysteries, or we shall disbelieve in supernatural agencies altogether. We have searched out the arcana of Nature, and ex exposed all Jier secrets to the garish eye of day, and we find, in despair, that the poetry nnd romance of life are gone. Are we the happier for knowing that there are no ghosts, no fairies, no witchcs, no mermaids, no wood spirits ? Were not our forefathers happier in thinking every lake to be the abode of a fairy, every forest to be a bower of yellow-haired sylphs, every moorland sweep to be tripped over, by elf and pi;xie ? I found my little boy one day lying on his face in a fairy-ring, crying, * You dear, dear little fairies, I will believe in you, though papa say* you are all nonsense.' I used, in my childish days, to think, when a silence fell upon a company, that an angel was passing through the room. Alas! I now know that it results only from the subject of weather having been talked to death, and no new subject having been started. Believe me, science has done good to mankind, but it has done mischief too. If we wish to be poetical or romantic, we must shut our eyes to facts. The head and the heart wage mutual war now. A lover preserves a lock of his mistress's hair as a holy relic, yet he must know perfectly well that for all practical purposes a bit of rhinoceros hide would do as well,—the chemical con- stituents are identical. If I adore a fair lady, and feel a thrill through all my veins when I touch her hand, a moment's consideration tellB me that phosphate of lime No. 1 is. touching phosphate of lime 3So. 2, —nothing more. If for a moment I forget myself so far as to wave my cap, and cheer for King, or Queen, or Prince, I laugh at my folly next moment for having paifl reverence to one digesting machine above another." I cut the doctor short ashe was lapsing into his favourite subject of discussion, and asked him whether he would lend me the pony chaise on the following evening, that I might drive to the station again and try to unravel the mystery. ' I will lent you the pony,' said he, ' but not the chaise, as I am afraid of it being injured should Taffy take fright and run U p into the hedge again. I have got a saddle.' Ne^t evening I- was on my way to the station considerably before the time at which the train was due. I stopped at the turnpike and chatted with the old man who kept it. I asked him whether he could throw any light on the matter which I wasi investigating. He shrugged his shoulders, saying that " he knowed nothink about it.' •What! Nothing at all?' ' I don't trouble ray head with matters of this sort,' was the reply. ' People do. say k that something out of the common sort -passes aloiigtbe road and turns down the other road leading to Clayton and Brighton ; but I pays no attention to what them people says.' ' Do you ever hear anything ?' ' After the arrival of the 9.30 train I does at times hear the -rattle as of,a. mailcart and the trot of a horse along the road and . the Round is as though one of the wheels was loose. , I've a boon out many a time to take- tho toll,—but, Lor bless'y! them sperits—if eperits them be—doii'l go ior to pay toll.' ' 'Sate you never inquired into the matter^.' . .. . ' Why should I ? Anything as dorift go for ^o pay'toll don't concern 1 me./ Do ye thiui as I knows 'ow many people and dogs gofes"-through;- through this"he^r geatt in a day ? Not I—them don't pay toll, so them'B no odds to me.' 'Look here, my man!' said I. 'Do you object to my putting the bar acroBB the road, immediately on the arrival of the train ?' 'Not a bit! Please yersel'; but you han't got much time to jlose, for theer comes thickey train out of Clayton tunnel.* I shut tho gate, mounted Taffy, and drew up across tho road a little way belo w the turnpike> I hear the train arrive—1 saw it puff off; at the same moment I dis .tinctly, heard a trap, coining up the road, one of the wheels rattling as though it were loose. I repeat deliberately that I heard it —I -cannot account for it—but, though heard it, yet I saw nothing whatever. At .the same time the pony became restless, it tossed its head, pricked up its ears, it started, pranced* and then madeabound on one side, perfectly regardless of whip and rein. It tried to scramble up the sand-bank in -its alarm, and I had to throw my§elf off and catch its head. I then cast -a glance behind me at the turnpike, saw the bar bent, as though some oue were pressing against it; then, with a clink, it flew open and was dashed violently back against the white post to which it was usually hasped in the daytime There it remained quivering from the shock. Immediately I heard the rattle—rattle rattle—of the tax-cart. I confess that my first impulse was to laugh; the idea of a ghostly tax-cart was so essentially ludicrous ; but the reality of the whole scene soon brought me to a graver mood, and, remount ing Taffyj I rode down to the station. The officials were taken their ease, as another train was not due for some while; stepped up to the station-master and entered into conversation with him. After a few desultory remarks, I mentioned the circumstances which had occurred to me on the road, and my inability to account for them. ' So that's what you're after!' said the master, somewhat bluntly. ' Well, I can tell you nothing about it; sperits don't come in my way, saving and excepting those which can be taken inwardly; and mighty comfortable warming things they bo when so taken. If you ask me about other sorts of sperits, I tell you flat I don't believe in em, though I don't mind drinking the health of them what does.' ' Perhaps you may have the chance, if you are a little more communicative,' said I. ' Well, I'll tell you all I know, and that is precious little,' answered the worthy man. ' I know one think for certain—that one compartment of a second-class carriage is always left vacant between Brighton and Hassock's Q-ate, by the 9.30 up-train.' ' F o r what purpose ?' ' Ah! that's more than I can fully explain. Before the orders came to this effect, people went into fits and that like, in one of the carriages.' • Any particular carriage ?' ' The first compartment of the secondclass carriage nearest to the engine. It is locked at Brighton, and I unlock it at this station.' ' What do you mean by saying that people had fits ?' I mean that I used to find men and women a*screeching and a-hollering like mad to be let out: they'd seen some'ut as had frightened them as they was passing through the Clayton tunnel. That was before they made the arrangement I told of.' 4 Very strange !' said I, meditatively. ' Wery much so, but true for all that. I don't believe in nothing but sperits of a farming and cheering nature, and them sort ain't to be found in Clayton tunn'l to my thinking. There was evidently nothing more to be got out of my friend. I hope that he drank my health that night; if he omitted to do BO, it was his fault, not mine. As I rode home revolving in my mind all that I had heard and seen, I became more and more -settled in toy determination of thoroughly investigating the matter. best means that I The could adopt for so doing, would be to come out from Brighton by the 9.30 train, in the very compartment of the second-class carriage from which the public Were considerately excluded. Somehow. I felt no shrinking from the attempt, my curiosity was so intense that it overcame all apprehension for the consequences. My next free' Hay wasThureday, and I hoped then ftp execute my plan. In this, however,.I. disappointed, as I found that a battalion drill was fixed for that very evening, and I was desirous <A attending it, being somewhat' behiud-hand in the regulation number, of drills. I was consequently obliged to postpone my Brighton trip. • • " On the Thiv^Jti^flelfSiSng, about five o'clock; I started in iegimeiitalG' -With' my rifle over my shtiu.ldefj - for thfe drilling ground, a piece of furzy common near the railway station..... I was speedily overtdkek 'by'Mf'. Biillt,''a corporal" in the' rifle corps, & capital, sh(ft and most eflSoient in'his drill.' Mr. Ball was driving 'his gig. He Btopped on seeing me, and offered. me a seat beside him. gladly accepted, as the . distance to the station is a mile and three quartOTS by the road, and two miles by what ip cottttticiiily supposed to be the short cut across the fields. After some conversation oti volunteering matters, about which Corporal Ball was an enthusiast, we tiiriled out bf the lanes into the station road, and I took the opportunity of adverting to the subject which was uppermost in my mindi 'Ah! I have heard a good deal aboiit that,' said the corporal. ' My workmen have often told me some cock-and-bull Btories of the kind, but I can't say has 'ow I believed them. What you tell me is, 'owever, very remarkable. I never 'ad it on such good authority afore. Still 1 can't believe that there's hany-thing supernatural about it.' ' I do not yet know what to believe,' I replied; ' for the whole matter is to me perfectly inexplicable.' 'You know, of course, the story which gave rise to the superstition ?' ' Not I; pray tell it me.' ' Just about seven years ago—why, you must remember the circumstances as well as I do—there was a man druv over from I Cftu't say where, for that was never exactly hascertftined,—but from the Henfield direction, in a light cart; He went to the Station Innj and; throwing the reins to John Thoitias, the ostler, bade him take the trap and bring it round to meet the 9.30 train, by which he caicillatdd to return from Brighton. John Thomas said as 'ow the stranger was quite unbe-known to him, and that he looked as though he 'ad sonie matter on his mind when he went tc> thd train; he was a queer sort of a many with thick grey hair and beard, and delicate white 'ands, jiefc like a lady's. The' trap was round to the station- door as bordered, by the arrival of the 9.30 train. The ostler observed then that the man was ashen pale; and that his 'ands t rembled as he took the reins, that the stranger stared at him in a wild habstracted way, and that he would have driven off without tendering payment had he not been respectfully reminded that the 'orse had been given; a feed of hottftf. John Thomas made a hobservation to the gent relative to the wheel which was loose, but that hobservation met with no corresponding hanswer. The driver whipped his 'orse and went off. He passed the turnpike, and was seen to take the Brighton road hinstead of that by which he had come. A workman hobserved the trap next on the downs above Clayton chalk-pits. He didn't pay much attention to it, but he saw that the driver was on his legs at the 'cad of the 'orse. Next morning, when the quarrymen went to the pit, they found a shattered tax-cart at the bottom, and the 'orse and driver dead, the latter with his neck broken. What was curious, too, was that an 'andkerchief was bound round the brute's heyes, so that he muBt have been driven over the 'edge blindfold. Hodd wasn't it? Well, folks say that the gent and his tax-cart pass along the road every hevening after the arrival of the 9.30 train; but I don't believe it; I ain't a bit superstitious—not I' The next week I was again disappointed in my expectation of being able to put my scheme in execution ; but on the third Saturday after iny conversation with Corporal Ball, I walked into Brighton in the afternoon, the distance being about nine miles. I spent an hour on the shore watching theboats, and then I sauntered round the; Pavilion, ardently longing that fire might break forth and consume that architectual monstrosity. I believe that I afterwards hafl < a cup of coffee at the refreshment-rooms of the station, and capital refreshmentrooms they are, or were; very moderate and very good. I think that I partook of a bun; but if.pat on my oath J could not swear to the fact; a floating reminiscence of bun lingers in the chambers of memory, but I cannot be positive, and I wish in this paper to"advance nothing but reliable facts. I squandered precious time in reading the advertisements' of baby-j limpets—which no mothers Bhould be without-^which are inindispensable in the nursery arid the greatest acquisition in the' parlour, the greatest discovery of modern times/ &e;< I perused a notice of the advantage of tallic brushes, and ttdttired the yotirtg lady with her hair white on (fee si,de and black on the other; t Studied the OhineBe letter commendatory of-Her nithan'a tea, fiiid the inferior English translation, and counted np the number of agents in Great Britian and Ireland. At length, the ticket-office opened, and I booked for Hassock's Gate, secondclass, fare one shilling. I ran along the platform till I came to the compartment of the, eocond-claes car- riage -which I waited"' ^The fdoor waa lockecl, sol! shouted for'a guard. ' Put me in here, please.' 'Can't there s'r; next, please, nearly emptjj one wom&to; and baby.' 'I particularly wish to flntetj.MrtwriagftT said!. 'CanVbe, iock'd* drdera' ,<Jpnip^nyi 4 replied the guard> turning on his heels. ' What Reason is thbre for the public ing. excluded, may ! ask ?' be* * Dn'ow. 'spress ord'rs—c'nt let you in ; ne^t flajcidfee, ^l'ae; jaow, then, quick, pl'self I kbew the guard and he knew mW-by sight, for I often travelled to atidfi-o ori the line, sol thought it beptj to. llti- candid/ with him. 1 briefly- told hlffi my reason for making the request, and begged him to assist me in executing my plan. He then consented, thongh with Mttotance. ' 'Ave y'i? Own way,' said he; 1 only if an'thing 'appens, don't blame mo!' ' Never fear,' laughed I, jumping iuto the carriage. The guard left the carriage unlocked, and in a few minutes wo were off. There are two tunnelsj with a bit of chalk ciltting between them. We passed through the first, which is shortj and in another moment plunged into the second; I cannot explain how it was that Hoid, al of a sudden, a feeling of terror came over me; it seemed to drop over me like a wet sheet and wrap me round and rouud. I felt that some one was seated opposite me,—some one in the darkness^ with his eyes fixed on me. Many persons possessed of keen nervoiis sensibility are well aware when they arti in the presence of another, even though they can see no one, and I believe that t possess this power strongly. If I were blindfolded, I think that I should know when any one was looking fixedly at me, and I am certain that I should instinctively know that I was not alone if I entered a dark room in which another person was seated, even though he made no noise. I remember a college friend, who dabbled in anatomy, telling me that a little Italian violinist once called on him to give a lesson on his instrument. The foreigner, a singularly nervous individual, moved restlessly from the place where he had been standing, casting many a furtive glance over his shoulder at a press which was behind him. At last the little fellow tossed aside his violin, saying: ' I can note give de lesson if some 6ne weel look at me from behind! Dare is somebodee in de cupboard, I know!' 1 You are right, there is!' laughed my anatomical friend, flinging open the door of the press and discovering a skeleton. The horror which oppressed me was numbing. For a. few moments I could neither lift my hands nor stir a finger. I was tongue-tied. I seemed paralysed in every mamle'r. I fancied that I felt eyes staring at me thro'ugh the gloom. A cold breath seemed to play tivet my face. I believed that fingers touched my chest and plucked at my coat. I drew back against the partition; my heart, stood still, my flesh became stiff, my muscles rigid. I do not know whether I breathed.—a blue mist swam before my eyes, and my head spun. The rattle and rqar of the train cfashing through the tunnel drowned every othe'r sound. Suddenly, we ruglied past a light fixed against the wall in the side, and it sent a flash, instantaneous as that of lightning, through the carriage. In thpt moment I saw what I shall never, never forget. I saw a face opposite me, livid a? that, of A corpse, hideous with passion like that of a gorilla. I cannot describe it jaccarately; for I saw it but for a second: yet there rises before me now, as I write, the low broad brow yearned with wrinkles, the .shaggy overhanging grey eyebrows; the wild qshen eyes, with a glare in them like those of a demoniac; the coarse mouih, with its fleshy lips compressed tjll they were white; the profusion of w»lf-grey hair about the checks and chin.; the thin, bloodless h^nds, raised' and half-open, extended towards me as. thwgh they-would cMch^nd't^ar pe. In the madness of terror,I -flung myself' along thp seqt to fhe further window. Then 2 felt that it was. moving- flp^vrly down, And waB. opposite me again. I lifted m y hand td let down the window, and 1' touched something: I thought it was a. hand,—yes, yes ! it w a s a hand , for it folded over mine and began to contract on' it. I felt each finger separately—they were; cold, so cold, so dully cold. I wrenched my hand away, I slipped back to my former: place in the carriage by thp open window, ' and in frantic horror I opened thei door,'. and clinging to it with both my hands! rouud the winidow-jatnb', sWung my'self out with my feet on tho flodr and my head, turned from the carriage. If" the cold fin-'- gers had but touched my Woven hands, mine would have given way; had t but turned my head, and seen that hellish Countenance peering out at me, I must have lost my hold. Ah! I saw the light from the tunnel mouth; it smote on my face, and the engine rushed out with a picrciug whistle, the roaring' -ebhoeB • of' the tunnel ' died • away( ^hVebol fresh breeze blew over, my face and tossed my hair; the speed of the train was relaxed, the lights of the station became 'brighter; I heard the :bell ringing loudly,; I pa^r the; people waiting for the train; I felt the -vibration as the drag waa put/pn. We stopped : and then tny fingers gave way. I dropped Aa <a sack on the platfoi?m, and th^n, thop—pot till then—.1 awoke. There >now ! from beginning to end the whole had beeil' a frightfbl dream caused by my having too. many blankets over my bedi If I must append a moralj—Don't sleep too hot. —Ones a Week. 