ST. ANDREW'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. ANNUAL SOIREE. The annual soiree ol iLie above ctiurcli was neia m flic hall of the Mechanics' Institute, on Tuesday ETenine when tie hall was crowded with guests at the ten! providrd by the ladies of the congregation, and i( possible Btill more crowded at the public meeting held aft" tea. The choir of St. Andrew's sang several pieces of music during the evening, Herr Schmidt presiding at the piano. The Rev W. Henderson presided at the meetmg, after tea, and an opening psalm having been sung by the church choir, prayer was offered by the Rev. Mr Crawford, and another piece of music was then sung by the choir, whom the chairman very de servedly complimented on the assiduity and success with which they had cultivated the church psalmody. The rev. chairman, in addressing the meeting, said it waB vi/ry pleasant to meet once a year in that way. The absence of the Rev. Messrs J. Potter and D. Frazer was explained by illness; the Rev. Messrs Smythe, of Miners' Rest; Fraser, of Geelong; and Kaye, of Wycliffe, were also absent, though it was possible Mr Fraser might arrive by the train from Geelong, He truited the congregation would pay attention to the annual report already in circulation amongst them, which showed a debt of £2000 on the church, though £1500 was raised in all ways lust year. Some £-1000 had been raised the year before, but then bazaars could not be held every year, aud lust year's revenuemight probably beregarded as what migi'.t be raised without trouble. Bat more should be raisea this year, so that the debt might be reduced and interest saved, and he tructed a considerable reduction would be made during the current year. Both day and Sunday schools were prospering, and he was glad to be able to report that the college under Mr McCoy was also progressing satisfactorily, and to express the hope that parents in the congre gation would do what they could to support the interests of that higher education, Parents should alio tecond at home, the efforts of the Sunday school teacher, or more evil than good might follow. In politicfl we heard a good deal as to " what shall we do with our boys," and in religion it was important to enquire what should be done with both boys and girls when tlicy leave tho Sunday school. But they ?irould not be made hard by a hard repulsive uu Vviog theology, which would make them out to be children of the devil if they could not fix tho point or period when conversion to God took place. They should rather be pointed to their Father in Btaven, to their loving Hedeemer, and to the Holy Ghost, who was always putting good and loving thoughts in their hearts. The providence of God during the year, both for good and for ill, would, he trusted, be blessed to the church, and ihe kindly sympathy of the committee and congregation shown to him during the year lie begged ,ro acknowledge ty his kindest thanks. With regard to the question of instrumental music i'D (be church, he and the church session would not endeavor to iorce the will of a mere majority down the threats of a minority moved by objections of conscience, whatever his own views on the abstract principle might be. lie could not Bea any principle ' involved, in fact, or he would not have suffered the motion to be put. In the Mosaic dispensation, instrumental music waa allowed by God, and it was not for him to say God was wrong then, or that those Presbyterian churches who had introduced organs or harmoniums into their churches were wrong. As the pastor, and not lord over the church, he would not desire or seek to force either course upon the congregation. Ballad-"Sing to me, sweet sister," by Misse3 Wilier and Bradly. The Rev. Mr Hastie, moderator of the Presby terian Church of Victoria, then addressed the meet H>U, and congratulated pastor and people on the growth of the church, and heped it would grow both in grace and numbers. As to tho theology to be taught to the children of the schools, thoy should be taught that they must personally receivo tho Saviour, j and tliat if they bo children of God they will have his features and talk in his language, BO to speak, sua do his works as children imitate their earthly parents, , Duet-" What are the wild waves saying," Miss Miller and Mr Bell. The chairman, in explanation of his remarks rela tive to the children, said he meant that the work of we church waB to tell them they could go to God s their loving Father iu Heaven, whose name had Thu °ver [^e'r heads in baptism. The Rev Dr Cairns next addressed the melting, Q Was received with protracted cheers. He said e nad during his late visit to Europe gone to the «leyB of the Vaudois, that most interesting ChiiB uan people. Lying in. the notth-west corner of Italy, under the Alps, the people of the Vaudoia pow inhabited three valleys only. There they had Hin for ages, shut up as it were by God in safety. Their origin was, in. fact, unrecorded, though their own tradition traced it back to the earliest times of Christianity, and taught that their forefathers were Christian fugitives _ from Pagan periecution. Their form of worship was essentially Presbyterian and their faith was that God T?aa the only object of worship, the bible the only rule of faith, and Christ the only source of hope of salvation. Persecuted in 1400 by tbo Houso of Savoy because they would not join the Church of Rome, many of the Yaudoia perished in tho BUOWB of the Alpa, In tho same century tho Pope issued a decretal for their extermination, and iu the 17th Cfintury tho Komaniata resumed the persecutions wlich had previously so miserably failed. But thu last (IG55) persecution like the other failed at first, then a large army was sent and tho whole of tho Vauduis 10 one valley were massacred. The speaker described the ECenery of tho valleys which ho had visited find read some horrible accounts of the massacres. At that juncture Oliver Cromwell interfered for the protection of the Vaudois and Milton also wrote of ujeir Bufferings and faith. The revocation of tha f u ^an^es by Louts Quatorze was another of the sources of persecution of the Vaudois, who Vere subjected to terrible painB, but in their worst ^remittee they ever cried out " Death rather than the mass." (Cheers.) Not till 1847 had the Van PJ8 obtained Christian and social freedom, but sided by the sympathy of Britain and America they ad progressed in religious and educational suo tssts, there being in that sparse population of not ore than 22,01)0, ninety students of divinity at col *«, nn^ *69 elementary schools betides, with 4420 r ^Jar84 Ike things spoke volumes for the energy ne people who were now doing a good work in V«? . thtir pure ,aUh tllTueu My. lhe .. 0,8 wtre very poor and he would crave for ttn«n iw *le^n6 sympathy of rich Ballarot, for it v 8°oii thing to send a portion of our motif a° ^cee Christians in the valleys of Pied he *ii Bma^ contribution from our luxuries would <1 ^ would be neceBsary to do a good deol for utMibii* ? and he would at some future time Ti n i B-S^ ^0r t!ms conttihutiQn. (Cheers). clnd\W lairi?,in Baid lie was sure they would all be inter*«? 1 Cairns' appeal on bthalf of so highly L> a pcopUi* followftli11 llle piauo' Hcrr Schmidt and Mies Lang, °l» ^ic by the choir. The Rev Mr Dykes, from Edinburgh, next ad Ballard ve.lnce^n8« H® said ho had been visiting tbe tiu'-vJ c ' Srountl that day, and ho referred to I,c>WLr fk rte as Qn attractive and creative ^11 aa e,Wo and to its influence for evil as fchovrprt i as shown iu history. The Yandois than tW ^GT^' ^at ^0ro waB a "wealth richer * and that tho womb of tho sterile Alps gave forth a higher wealth in men *'a° our auriferous liilla would in wealth of rroU1 rriBut °"r u,s? of a Rifts determined their vah-' y(\nt: able Aladdin's lamp of to day v* nothmK but Anglo-Saxon skill, backed up by-^glO'Saxon labor; and if that skill and labor brought int° church to bear upon the pi-0 Gold of tho truth of Chriet, this colony wouh3"® blessed indeod by that grand aggregation of e<urt. Wo should ba Cliris tians as well as tb' civilisers of the earth. This mission and wor1 should be taken up by each church and cowtegation here, for there were even baptised mer and women here who were nat living Christian Jives nor even observing the common de cencies and moralities of life. The influences and responsibilities of neighborhood were ours to use and b;ar. Mates in work, companions in uiarts of busi ness, could carry out the Christian mission by holy lires and iudiciou? speech without impertinent or obtrusive interference with men's convictions. If ever the world should ba evangelised some thing mire thna the pulpit must be employed. Every living menber of the church must work, but till we ourselves were filled to overflowing with Christian grac. and truth we coulJ not act as suit upon the rottiig social conditions around us. Apolo gising as a s-Tanger for appearing to he a censor, tho speakerconcluded an eloquent address amid loud cheers, Severa'"ther pieces of music were EUDg and other addressoi delivered, the proceedings closing in the custonury manner. 