A TALE OF HORROR. (From " The Ghost at the Hath," in All the Year Round ) As soon as the night waa pretty far advanced I placed a ladder against the window which was least covered over with tho ivy, and mounted it, having provided myself with a dark lantern. The moon rose full behind some trees that stood like a black bank against the horizon, and glimmered on the panes as I ripped away branches and leaves with a knife, and shook the old crazy casement open. The sashe3 were » rotten, and the fastenings easily gave way. I placed my lantern on a bench within, and was fc soon standing beside it in tliG chamber. The aîir-was insufferably close and mouldy, and I flung the window open to the widest, and beat the bowering ivy still further back from about it, so as to let the fresh air of heaven blow into the placo. I then took my lantern in hand and began to look about mo. The room was vast and double; a velvet curtain hung between me and un inner chamber. ^ ,The darkless was thick and irksome, and the "scanty light of my lantern only tantalised me. My eyes fell on some grand spectral looking candelabra furnished with wax candles, which, though black with age, still boro the marks of having been guttered by a draught that had blown on them fifty year3 ago. I lighted these ; f.hey burned up with a ghastly flickering, and the apartment, with its fittings, was revealed to me. These latter had been splendid in the days of their freshness; the appointments of tho rest of the house were mean in comparison. The ceiling was painted with exquisito allegorical figures, also spaces of the walls between the dim mirrors and the sumptuous hangings in crimson velvet with their tarnished golden tassels and fringes. The carpet still felt luxurious to the tread, and the dust could not altogether obliterate the ela- borate fancy of its flowery design. There were gorgeous cabinets laden with curiosities, won- derfully carved chairs, rare vases, and antique glasses of every description, under some of which lay little heaps of dust which hadouco no doubt been blooming flowers. There was a table la- den with books of poetry and science, drawings and drawing materials, which showed that the occupant of the room had been a person of mind. There was also a writing table scattered over with yellow papers, and a work table at a win- dow, on which lay reels, a thimble, and a piece of what had once been white muslin, but was now saffron colour, sewn with gold thread, a rusty needle sticking in it. This and the pen lying on the inkstand, the paper knife between the leaves of a book, the loose sketches shaken out by the side of a portfolio, and the ashes of a fire on the grand mildewed hearth-place, all suggested that the owner of this retreat had been snatched from it without warning, and that whoever had thought proper to build up the doors had also thought proper to touch nothing that belonged to her. Having surveyed all these things I entered the inner room, which was a bedroom. The furni- ture of this was in keeping with that of the other chamber. I saw dimly a bed enveloped in lace, anda dressing table fancifully garnished and draped. Hero I espied more candelabra, and going forward to set the lights burning I stumbled against something. I turned the blaze of mj lantern on this something, and started with a sudden thrill of horror. It was a I large stone coffin. I own that I felt very ' strangoly for the next few minutes. When I had recovered the shock 1 set the wax candles burning, and took a better survey of this odd burial place. A wardrobe stood open, and I saw dresses hanging within. A gown lay upon a chair, as if just thrown off, and a pair of dainty slippers were beside it. The toilet table looked as if only used yesterday, judging by the litter that covered it; hairbrushes lying this way and . that way, essence bottles with the stoppers out, paint pots uncovered, a ring here, a wreath of artificial flowers there, and in front of all that coffin, the tarnished cupids that bore the mirror between their hands smirking down at it with a grim complacency. On the corner of this table was a small golden salver holding a plate of some black mouldered food, an antique decanter filled with wine, a glass and a phial with some thick black liquid, uncorked. I felt weak and sick with the atmosphero of the place, and I seized the decanter, wiped the dust from it with my handkerchief, tasted, found that the wine was good, and drank a moderato draught. Immediately it was swallowed I felt a horrid giddiness, and sank upon the coffin. A raging pain wns in my head, and a sense of suffocation in my chest. After a few intolerable moments I felt better, but the heavy air pressed on me stifling, and I rushed from the inner room into the larger and outer chamber. ïïere a blast of cool air revived me, and I saw tho place was changed. A dozen other candelabra beside those I had lighted, were flaming round the walls, the hearth was all ruddy with a blazing fire, everything that had been dim was bright, the lustre bad returned to the gilding, and flowers bloomed in the vases. A lady was sit- ting before the hearth in a low arm-chair. Her light loose gown swept about her on the carpet, her black hair fell round on her knees, and into it'her hands wore thrust as she leaned her fore- head upon them and stared between them into the fire. I had scarcely time to observe her atti- tude when she turned her head quickly towards me, and I recognised the handsome face of the magnificent lady who had played such a sinister part in the strange scenes that had been enacted before mo two nights ago. I saw something dark looming behind her chair, but I thought it was only her shadow thrown backward by the firelight. She arose and came to meet me, and I recoiled from her. There was something horridly fixed and hollow in her gaze, and filmy in the stirring of her garments. The shadow, as sho moved, grew more firm and distinct in outline, and followed her like a servant where she went. She crossed half the room, then beckoned me, and sat down at the writing table. The shadow waited beside er, adjusted her paper, placed the ink-bottle near her, and the pen between her fingers. I felt impelled to approach near her, and take my place at her left shoulder, so as to sec what she might write. The shadow stood at tho other hand. As I became more accustomed to the shadow's presence, ho grow moro loathsome and hideous. Ile was quiso distinct from the lady, and moved independently of her, with long ugly limbs. She hesitated about beginning to wñto, and he made a wild gesture with his arm, which brought her hand quickly on the paper, and her pen bogan to move at once. I needed not to bond and scrutinise in order to read what was written. Every word as it was formed flashed before mo like a meteor. " I am the spirit of Madeline, Lady Thunder, who lived and died in this house, and whose coffin stands in yonder room among the vanities in which I delighted I am constrained to make confession to you, John Thunder, who aro tho present owner of the estates of your family." Here the palo hand trembled and stopped writing. But the shadow made a threatening gesture, and the hand fluttered on. "I was beautiful, poor, and ambitious, and when I entered this house first, on tho night of the ball given by Sir Luke Thunder, I determined to become its mistress His daughter, Mary Thunder, was the only ob- stacle in my way. She divined my intention, and stood betwoen me and her father. She was a gentle, delicate girl, and no match for me. I pushed her aside, and became Lady Thunder. After that I bated her, and mado her dread me. I had gained the object of my ambition ; but I waB jealous of the influence possessed by her over her father, and I revenged myself by crushing the joy out of her young life. In this I defeated my own purpose. She eloped with a young man who was devoted to her, though poor, and beneath her in station. Her father was indignant at first, and my malice was satis- fied; but as time passed on I had no children, and she had a son, soon after whose birth her husband died. Then her father took her back to his heart, and tho boy was his idol and heir." Again thehand stopped writing, the ghostly head dropped, and the whole figure was convulsed. But tbeshadowgesticulated fiercely, and cowering under its influence, the wretched spirit went on : "I caused the child to be stolen away. I thought I had done it cunningly, but she tracked the crime home to me. She carno to me and accused mo of it, and in the desperation of my terror at discovery, I gave her poison to drink. She rushed from me and from the house in frenzy, and in her mortal anguish fell in tho river. People thought she had gone mad from grief for her child, and committed suicide. I only know the horrid truth. Sorrow brought an illness upon her father, of which he died. Up to the day of his death he had searoh made for the child. Believing that it was alive, and must bo found, he willed all hiä property to it, his rightful heir, and to its hoirs for ever. I buried the deeds under a tree in the orchard, and forged a will, in which all was bequeathed to me during my lifetime. I enjoyed my state and grandeur till the day of my death, which carno upon me miserably, and, after that, my husband's possessions went to a distant relation of his family. Nothing more was heard of the fate of the child who was' stolon, but he lived and married, and his daughter now toils for her bread-his daughter, who is the rightful owner of all that is said to belong to you, John Thunder. I tell you this, that you may devoto yourself to the task of discovering this wronged girl, and giving up to her that which you are unlawfully possessed of. Under the thirteenth tree, standing on the brink of the river, at the foot of the orchard, you will find buried the genuine will of Sir Luke Thunder. When you havo found and read it, do juBtico, as you value your own soul. In order that you may know the grandchild of Mary Thunder when you find her, you shall behold hor in a vision-." The last words grew dim before me; the lights faded away, and all the place was in darkness, except one spot on the opposite wall. On this spot the light glimmered softly, and against tho brightness the outlines of a figuro appeared faintly at first, but growing firm and distinct, became filled in and rounded at last to tho perfect semblance of life. The figure was that of a young girl in a plain black dress, with a bright, happy, face, and pale gold hair softly banded on herfair forehead. She mighthavo been the twin-sisler of the pale-faced girl whom I had seen bending over the cradle two nights ago; but her healthier, gladder, and prettier sister. When I had gazed on her some moments the vision faded away as it had como ; the last vestige of the brightness died out upon the wall, and I found myself once more in total darkness. Stunned for a time by the sudden changes, I stood watching for the return of the lights and figures ; but in vain. By-and-by my eyes grew accustomed to the obscurity, and I saw the sky glimmering behind the little window which I had left open. I oould soon discern the writing-table beside mo, and possessed myself of the blips of loose paper which lay upon it. I then made my way to the win- dow. The firäb streaks of dawn were in the sky as I descended my ladder, and I thanked God that I breathed the fresh morning air once more, and heard the cheering sound of the cocks crowing. All thought of action immediately upon last night's strange revelation, almost all memory of them was for the time banished from my mind by the unexpected trouble of the next k\\! days. That morning I found an alarming change in Frank. Feeling sure that ho was going to be ill, I engaged a lodging in a cottage in the neighbourhood, whither we removed before nightfall, leaving the accursed Kath behind us. Before midnight he was in the delirium of a raging fever. I thought it right to let his poor little /lancee knew his Btato, and I wrote to her trying to alarm her no moro than was necessary. On the evening of the third day after my letter went I was sitting by Frank's bedside, when an unusual bustle outside aroused my curiosity, and, going into, the cottage kitchen, I saw a figure standing in the firelight which seemed a third appearance of that vision of the palo faced golden-haired girl whioh was now thoroughly imprinted on my memory, a third, with all the woe of the first, and all the beauty of the second. But this was a living breathing apparition. She was throwing off her bonnet and shawl, and stood there at home in a moment in her plain black dress. I drew my hand across my eyes to make sure that they did not deceive mo. I had beheld so many super- natural visions lately that it seemed as though I oould scarcely believe in the reality of any- thing till I had touohed it. " Oh, sir," said the visitor, " I am Mary Leonard, and are you poor Frank's friend ? Oh, sir, we are all the world to ono another, and I could not lot him die with- out coming to soo him !" And hero the little traveller burst into tears. I cheered her as well as I could, tolling her that Frank would soon, I trusted, bo out of all danger. She told me that she had thrown up her situation in order to come and nurse him. I said we had got a moro experienced nurse than she could bo, and then I gave her to the care of our landlady, a motherly countrywoman. After that I wontback to Frank's bedside, nor left it for long till he was convalescent. The fever had swept away all that strangeness in hit, tnen ncr which had afflicted me, and he was quite himself again. There was a joyful meeting of ' the lovers. The more I saw of Mary Leonard's white face the moro thoroughly was I convinced that she was tho living counter-part of the vision I had seen in the burial chamber. I made enquiries as to her birth and her father's history, and found that she was indeed the grand- child of that Mary Thunder whose history had been so strangely related to mo, and the right- ful heiress of all those properties which for a few months only had been mino. Under the trco in the orchard, the thirteenth, and that by which I bad seen the lady digging, were found the buried deeds which had been described to me. I made an immediate transfer of property, whereupon Borne others who thought they had a chance of being my heirs disputed the matter with me, and went to law. Thus the affair has gained publicity, and become a nine day's wonder. Many things havo been in my favour, however-tho proving of Mary's biith and of Sir Luke's will, the identification of Lady Thunder's handwriting on the slips of paper which I had brought from the burial ohamber ; also other matters which a search in that chamber brought to light I triumphed, and I now go abroad, leaving Frank and his Mary made happy by the possession of what could only have been a burden to mo. 