INCOME AND PROPERTY TAXES, &c.; TUE country has distinctly pronounced against income and property taxes. The people will not be persuaded even by the mellifluous voices of Meredith and Miller that they would become prosperous by submitting to an increased expenditure and additional taxation. They are in clined to adhere to the contrary, and believe that the less government costs the better it is for them. It is astonish ing what a revolution was wrought in the public mind when the income and pro perty tax was proposed. Thou retrench ment camne to be talked about, and although persons differed as to what was to be reduced, the dimuinution of the ex penditure was clearly perceived to be, the only remedy for the evils under which we labored. The wretched, unprincipled, corrupt, and extravagant Government undor which thie colony has groaned for the last three years, have plunged it into debt and difficulties from which it will not be eansy to rescuo it, and certainly not without sulfuring to somo'in the public service. The trade and commerce of the country have been greatly injured, while the Customs revenue has been lessened by the imposition of barbarous package duties, the extension of the tariff, and the increase of imposts. Instead of bringing statesmanship, financial knowledge, and experience to the management of public affairs, all the measures of the Ministry were experiments, and usually in the teeth of ascertained truth. A more proletarian administration never existed: it was a compound of ignorance, imbecility, and bounce. The next Cabinet has a serious task to accomplish, and they will only involve themselves and the country in confusion unless they retrench. The effect of over taxation is well shown by Dr. Wylie: he testifies to the rich ness of the soil in Italy, but "the fields rested, the villa ,es were asleep, the roads were untrodden. The fields around afforded little indication of such an instrument as the plough; and one would have concluded from the garments of the people that the loom was among theyetuninvented arts. The harnessings of the horses formed a curiously tangled web of thong, and rope, and thread twisted, tied, and knotted. It would have puzzled (Edipus himself to discover how a horse could ever be got into such gear, or being in how it eyer could be got out. There seemed a mbst extraordinary number of beggars and vagabonds. A little congregation of these waited our arrival at every village, and whined round us for alms so long as we remained. Others not quite so ragged stood aloof regarding us fixedly as if devising some pretext on which to claim a paul of us. There were worse characters in the neighborhood." Speak ing of Padua, the once illustrious seat of learning, Mr. Wylie says-" Ruins, filth, ignorance, poverty on every hand- not a few stately mansions have been con verted into stables, or carriers' sheds, or are simply naked walls which the dogs of the city or other creatures make their den. The inhabitants, pale, emaciated, and wrapt in hugo cloaks, wander through the streets like ghosts." In a walk to Ferrara he says-" The rich black soil was covered with weeds, and the few houses I saw were more huts. Poor fallen Ferrara. Commerce, learning, the arts, and religion, had by turns shed a glory upon it. Now all is over. . . . I entered the suburbs, but sound of human voice there was none; not a single human being could I see. . . . The doors were closed, and the windows were stanchioned with iron. In many cases there was neither door nor window." "The town once enjoyed a flourishing trade in hemp; an article which found its way to our dock-yards, but this branch of traffic now scarcely exists. The native manu factures of Ferrara have all been ruined, and a feeble trade in corn is almost all that is left.. How is this? Is its soil less fertile ? Has its natural canal, the Po, dried up? No I but the Government has laid a heavy duty on its exports and on every article of home manufacture. Hence the desola tion without and the extinct forges and empty workshops within its walls. A city whose manufactures wore mot with in all the markets of Europe is now de pendent for its own supply on the Swiss. The decay of intelligence has kept pace with that of trade." Again. "The fiscal oppression is nearly as unbearable as the political and social. The taxation both as regards the amount and the mode of enforcing it is ruinous to the indepen dence and operates as a fatal check to the progress of industry. Since 1848 the aggregate of taxation between Leghorn and Ancona has been increased about 40 per cent.; and the taxes are levied upon a principle of arbitrary assessment which compels the rich to simulate poverty as in Turkey lest they should be stripped of their last farthing. In Bou logno the payments of the house and land tax which used to be made every two months are now collected for the same sums every seven weeks, and a per coentage is added at the pleasure of the Goverumnent, of which no one knows the amount till the collector calls with his demand. In other towns ah income tax is lovied upon trades and professions, framed upon no rule but the supposed capabilities of the individual assessed to pay." Such is the condition to which Mlessrs. Whyte, M?ro: dith, Mfiller, and Wilson desired to re duce Tasmania by their schemes of taxa tion. Once admit an income and pro. perty tax in a young country and it is ruined for over. Mon will not toil, deny themselves, and accumu late capital unless perfoot security of property exists. The less takon out of their pockets for the purposes of go vernmont the more wealthy they will become. The loss manufacturos, trade, and commerce are interfered with tie butter for all. With freedom for eadh, individuals will best discover in wl at department of industry they can be most profitably employed. Protection a d bounties are exploded as only ir chioevous. Protection to native industry was the cause of the late sanguinary qar in America, and unless the Morell toaiff is repealed there will be another conflct, when the West will join the South and prove victorious. England never pros pered as she has done since free trade was inaugurated. Belgium and France are following her example, while Austria is reducing her prohibitive duties as fast as her enormous debt will enable her to do so. Surely with the experience of the world and all time it would be madness in a young country to adopt a system of restraint and destruction in reference to manufactures, trade, and commerce, which is repudiated and discarded as effete and injurious by the intelligence of the age. Nothing will really relieve the country and restore it to 'prosperity but immediate retrenchment, and evon.then it will be a work of time. All the nos trums of political quacks are not worth " the fine end of nothing whittled down to a point" that do not insist on reduc tion. There is no magic in the matter : it is a thing known to every individual vho desires to be honest in his private affairs. It simply consists in reducing the expenditure below the legitimate in come of the country. 