' ' Orra TEE-Etusrs.-Owing to the lino being down yesterday, wo woro unable to obtain our usual telegrams from Sydney, no circuit bolng obtained up -to a lato hour last night. Wo understand a sovoro storm passed over Armidalo, on Sunday last, on which occasion,, the new store, of Mr. Allingham, "wos'blown down. APPOINTMENTS.-- Mr. Thomas Bawden, J.P., has been appointed Inspector of Cattle in the Clarence district,under the Cattle Diseases Prevention Act; and Mr. Thomas Kelly, surgeon, Grafton, Government vaccinntor for the Clarence and Richmond districts.-Mr. James Bray, of Dunbiblll, to be assistant registrar of births, marriages, and deaths, at Tweed River, for the district of Richmond River. TIMBER LICENSES.-- Dr. Lang, pursuant to notice, asked the Secretary for Lands, whether it was the intention of Government to lower the duty on licenses to cut cedar on the Hichmond River and its tributaries, in accordance with a vote of the House during last session of Parliament ? Mr. Willson said, it was the intention of the Government to lower the license fee on cedar as well as any other timber throughout the colony. SALE OF CLARENCE RIVER CATTLE.-- Mr. Buchan Thomson sold at the Victoria Yards Peter- sham, on Wednesday week, 67 fat cattle from the herd of Messrs Bundock, nnd Barnes, of which 10 vvcro bullocks, at from £0 10s. to £0 IBs. ; and -IS cows, nt from £5 2s*.4o '£0"?s. average £7 4s. Od.; and 4 calves at from £2 Is. to £2 10s. each.-Mr. Buchan Thomson sold on Wc'dnesdny last, 80 head of cattlo '. from Ramornie, bullocks at from £0 1 Os. to £0 fis. ; cows, from £6 12s, to\£0 0a. : averneo of tho lot £7 Os. » CoNSEOitATiON OP COLONIAL BISHOPS.-- Yesterday morning there was a large attendanco of representatives of most of tho leading families of East Kent in the Cathedral of Cantorbury to witness the consecration of thrco colonial bishops : The Rev. Andrew Burn Suter, M.A., of Trinity College, Cambridge, incumbent of All Saints Church, Spicer-stroot, Mile-end, appointed Bishop of Nelson, Now Zoalnud, in the room of Dr. Hobhouse, resigned ; the Rev. Henry Lascelles Jenner, L.L.B., of Trinity Hall, Cambridge, vicar of Preston with Wingham, Kent, appointed to the newly founded bishopric of Dunedin, New Zealand ; and the Rev. Samuel Robinson Waddelow, M.A., of St. Peter's College, Cambridge, curate of Bournemouth, appointed to the now bishopric Grafton and Armidale, New South Wales. Morning prayers were said in the cathedral at eight o'clock, Longhurst's chant, "Te Deum," was performed, but there was no anthem. The con- secration was commenced with the preface to the Holy Communion, the sermon being preached by the Very Rev. Henry Alford, D.D., Dean of Canterbury, who selected for his text the 21st chapter of St. Luke's Gospel, verso 30, " "Watch yo, therefore, and pray always, that yo may bo accounted worthy to escape all thoso things that shall come to pass, nnd to stand beforo the Son of Man." Ho remarked that as in creation on the approach of the storm the minor details of tho prospect wore obliterated, and only the outlines of the everlasting hills were seen, so in a day of trouble and reproach and blasphemy, while details wero Involved in disputo and uncertainty, great -vanities and primtry duties wero moro easily discern- ible. Taking tho aómniaods of the text in detail, ho prm««! thom urion Xlm posons about to be conse -crated, as aboi«, being engaged in tho same great .^work to whieltvllnwe to whom ,they wero addressed wero devotocfcr-JU» particularly urged upon them tho duty of porBonnl'cniofnlricss ns lenders of tho church, and of anxiety for thoso who would bo committed to their spiritual chnrgo. The Archbishop of Canter- bury, having taken his Boatln front of the altar, tho three bishops nominated wero presented to bim by tho Bishop of London in his character of Provincial Denn of Canterbury, with theso words, &c;, for each : -" Most llovorend Eather in God, wo present unto you this godly nnd well learned man to bo ordained and consecrated bishop." The chorus of Mcndcl sshon from St. Paul, " IIovv love-ly n*e tho Messen- gers," wits sung by the choir. Meanwhile the bishops-designato bud retired, and on their return, vested in tiieir rochets, tho usual addresses wero delivered, and then, having assumed the full episcopal habit, they wero formally consecrated by tho imposi- tion of tho hands. Tho hymn, " Como, Holy Ghost," was then sung to Tallls's music, and tho service con- cluded with tho administration of tho holy com- munion, After the cathedral service, which was fully rendered under the direction of tho Rov. Robert Hake, M.A., tho precentor, tho archbishop proceeded to lay tho corner atono of the Church of St. Mary . Brcden, which is to bo rebuilt.-Baily Newt, August 2fith.-It had been arranged, says the Homo IS'cws of tho 27th of August^" that tho Rev. Samuel R. Wnddolow should at the samo timo bo consecrated, not as Bishop^pf Grafton and Armidale, a now Aus- tralian diaebsc, to whiclrJie lins been designated, but ns n suffragan to tho Bishop of Newcastle. Somo difficulty arising outl'of thVunsatisfactory stato of tho law in regard to tlnA colonial cpiscopnto, how-over, probably prevented tliWov. gentleman from presenting himself." v 