To the Editor of the Dalby Herald. SIR. — Last winter Dalby on a few rare occa- sions was permitted to listen to displays of native talent at the readings in the School of Arts — the solemn Rider, the jovial Sexton, the gallant Morberly, the steady going Jones, the masterful Platt, the dramatic Wakerling, with several minor notabilities, afforded instruction and delight to admiring audiences. Alas! solemn Rider has dis- appeared into the far west, and steady going Jones having in a steady going way gone North ; but still many heroes are left; recruits might be gained, and an attempt made to give pleasure and amusement to the townspeople. BILL WATCH. THIEF DETECTOR. — The Melbourne Herald of 8th instant mentions that a very simple and at the same time ingenious thieft detector, in the possession of Mr. O. Berliner, lately of the detectieve police, was, on Wednesday, exhibited by him at his "Private Inquiry" office, Eliza- beth-street, to a number of gentlemen. By means of electricity, wires fixed to the different places of ingress to a house, such as doors and windows, communicate with a bell in the bed- room, and the establishment is immediately alarmed, The ringing of the bell announces as soon as the doors and windows are opened that one of the guarded points is open, and until it is closed the bell continues ringing. One of the accompaniments to the instrument is the "touch dial," which indicates in the dark the locality of each successive entry or attack, enabling the observer, without striking a light, to track the thief in his progress through the premises. It also permits, during the owner's pleasure, the separation of the bell from any part left open on purpose, without leaving the room. By this contrivance premises of any extent, such as stores and public buildings, are effectually guarded. A window may be left half open for the purpose of ventilation, but so soon it is lifted or disturbed in the slightest manner the alarm is instantaneously reported — unconsciously by the thief. The name of the machine is the "Kelptoscope," and it well deserves at appellation. It can be fitted up very cheaply, and the wires can be so concealed that the house or premises might be full of people and they could not be observed. A follow in'.Dablm had committed some trifling ofibiide, for Wliich Lord Norbury pro- lipuricedv't'lio- following soglinto Judge:. — " The sentciice of the Coiirt is th'at-you-ahnll- bo.flogged from tbo Bunk to tbo Quay." Prisorioy (hristily 'Interrupting the judge): '-' Thank you, - my Lord, yoq hnvo done your worst."! JuSgoV' No— -and Boot agiih." , Uriouam VoiiNcr.— Tho ' gateway Bf his block is surmounted by a brass American 'eagle'; and th'oy B&y; tua't bo roceivos his spiritual dospatchbs . through this piece of patriotic jioulfry. - They - also say that ho rocolvea rovolatiOns from' a/stuffed whito calf Xlikt is trimmed ipjtti .fed ribbons, rind k'&pt; inauiron bpx, fdoo't suppoUo. theso_tbings ore true. ' Rufnotir sriys that wlidri the Lion IIquso .was . ready „ta be shingled, Brigham rocoivod a message from llie Lord, stating that , the enrponter must all take bold .and . shingle It, and ndt charge a red ceht for their sorvlcos. Saoli parpohtels as refnsed lo shingle would go to boll, and -ho p'dstpohehkent on acoount of the woathor. Th'Oy 'eay that Brigli'am) whohover A train of emigrants ortlves at Salt Lake City, " Orders 11 tholvOiiitin lif-ihtirdh up_and down pis dock, while ho stands on tho portico of tho Lion Houso and gobbles up tho prdttiost ones \- — Arfemut TRirdi Tin Last , Dodoi. — Tho Omniiiu, of Ndjilos relates 'tlio ' following :8tdry of a man who; Within the last few days, found moans to t,urh to aceourit the popular apprehOhsiona of priionorej- which liavo prevailed thoro since tho appearance of theobolora. Tho individual 1n (lu'ostiott boing exceedingly hungry, and baying a 'Mitglti coin of tho .Value of a sou, lsid it riut itrljie pdroBmo 'of poWdotod sugar, Una as he passed by tlio .stand of ono of tlioso optth-ulr cooks who mako a kind of punonko called frit talle, ho dropped, apparently by atcidvot, somo of tho sugar into tlio fryingpan. IIo was instantly eeiied by tbo bystanders as n poisoner ' oauglit in tlio. faof. Ho denied -Vigorously tbo truth of tho allegation, aud at tlio lost, to prove Ills innocence, offered to -Oatjhq odntonts of the pan. . This proposition . was accepted and lie accordingly dosp&tahod; the cako wltli.gioat rolieb, and then Walked off well satisfied with tbo success of his tiick. \- Theio are iiistiiiicc'a on' record, you know, wore n niuii ..doii't liv'o in n rithjo of uniiiter- ruptod'bllsa with oiio'wlfo,'; Ami to say that a' man' can possess, twenty wives without liavifig his Opoeiui . fuvouritir-or . .'favourites, is to" say. ,tlnxt hc.ia mi angel ,iti bnbfs— .which is somethlng_ 1 lmve nover beoii introdueod to. You novor saw an nngol witlrn board, nlthdugli you muy have seen tlio Bearded Woman., TboMorjiion womatrin early taught that man, beiog created in the ima'go of the Savour, 'ds fiir miiro godly" than she can "over- be, and" tliat.for her to seek to monopoliso liis. affections is a spccios of rink sin. ' So slio shares- his affoctiona with five or -six-or'lwoiity woman, as. tho oasc may bo. A man must bo amply able to support a iiumbor of "wives liefbro lio can-take them. Ilcnco, perhaps, it is that ho many old cliaps in Utah bavo, -young and Blooiniiig wives in their soraglips, hnd so many young men li'aVe only one. I liad'a man pointed out to mc who. married an entire family. Hohad brigiriully in tended to married Jano, but sho'did not waut to ieavo her widowed .mother. Tho 'other-. throo sisters woro not in the matrimonial market for tlio same reason ; so this. gallant man married the whole crowd, including tlio. girl's grand mother, who had Inst all her teeth, antl had to -bo fud-wUh-a spoon. .Tho.Yumily.wbro in indi gent circumstances, mid tliey could- iiot but congratulate themselves on securing n wealthy, husband. It seemed. to affect the grandmother deeply, for tho first words.she said on reaching her new homo were. "Now. thank -Ood! I shall have my gruel reg'lar." — Arlcmite Ward (Hie Travels) Among the Mormons, One other, too, a merchant, who had been but four years in the colony, illustrates colonial success. He had arrived with two thousand pounds, had contrived to make ten thousand of it, determined to enjoy an overland trip to England. His plans were to see Turkey, Italy, Switzerland, Germany, Paris, and then trans- acting his business in London, to return to Melbourne. Poor fellow, t he latter part of his proposition did not accord with the dispositions of Providence, his wealth lies with him in the dreary wreck of the London. I shall hurt no wounded feelings, however, in telling how one of the passengers on the ill-fated vessel had come out to Victoria years ago, how he made a considerable sum of money, and paid a visit to the old country, well loved and remembered, though she had not been so benificient a patroness as Victoria. Then he had come safely back and resumed his colonial business, and once more yearning to see the old folks at home, and to settle down in his native land, he had made one other trip, leaving his wife and children behind him. He had an intention of purchasing some land or a farm, but finding those whom he had expected to warmly wel- come him lying in their graves in the village churchyard; and thus having his principal home-tie broken, he determined on settling in Victoria, and was then on his voyage " home" to his wife and bairns, when the ill-managed and freighted vessel went down. Only the diggings could furnish such a story in all its details.—" Sketches of the Diggings," in the Australasian. A Very Pretty Love Story. — The follow ing story is just now current in aremoto part of a neighbouring county. A fow weeks ago a corlain youug lady, possessing moro than _qrdiunry_nc.qojnplislmients.forJier-class-of.life,. boing tlio daughter of poor hut respectable parents, on tlio; dentil of a wealthy relative, through bis bounty, became entitled to the largo sum of £3,000. When tho glad tidings reuohed her neighbours, many friends and warm admirers sprung up.""" Her' oliarms' nppearod to have burst upon the well-to-do young mon quite as suddenly as her accession to fortune, and there was no end to tho over tures of lovo. Previous to tlio turn of fortuno's wlicol, 'a youog man of humblo protcnsioiis hod been, tho young lady's only suitor, but tlio knowlogo of her wotlth atjouce placed a formidable bnrriar in his way, and and he aontcntcd himself with being a silent worshipper at a distauce. Matters ultimately camo to a crisis, and in order to test the affec tion of her devotees, the yoong lady caused a roport to be circulated that tlio. supposed for- tuno waa in realjty only a sham, -the mistake liavintr occurred through a similarity of names. This intelligence had tho effect of causing tho visits of tho lovers to become loss frequent, and, finally, ceaso altogether. Tho humblo. youth- rejoiced at tlio cliaugo, and at once took nn opportunity to console tho mistress of his heart, who, to tlio snrpriso of all, rewarded his sin cerity with lior hand, and . mado him . solo master of £8,000.- —Ismcrick Chronicle. Stirs of the Pen. — Thackeray seems to havo had an intense dislike to. the trouble of. revision, for his popular works, especially those published periodically, abound in trivial mis takes, arising from hnsto, forgotfulnoss, and want of caro. : The novelist mortally wounds nn bid lady with a oandlo instead of a candle stick, 'gnd afterwards attributes tier death to a atone staircase. Ncwbomo, scoter, is colonel and major at pno and tho samo time.; Jack Bolsizb is Jack on ono pago and Charles oh another '; Mrs. Raymond Gray, -introduced hs Emily, uT Buddbnly ro-ohristenod Fanny ; and' Philip Formor oil ono occasion becomes transformed into tlio author's old hero, Clivc. With respect to tho lust-mentioned gentleman, author and artist seem to- havo diffored, for white Mr: Tliabkcrhy jests about Clivc's beauti ful Whiskers ami hatidsomo moustaches, Mr. Doyle persists to thb end in denying young Nowoome's possession of thoso tokens of man hood. It Is not often that an author is satlri- eal-upoh-hia .own_produotioiis ;_but Charles Dickons lias oontrlvod to bo so. Dosoribihg tho old-inns >f- tbo.Borbngh,Jn'hisJLPickwiok. Pnpofs, ho sayS thoy aro queer places, with gnllorios, passages, And stair bases wide enough and antiquated. enough "to furnish materials for a hundred ghost- stories, supposing wo should over ho reduced to tho lament'ablo neces sity of invonting any." How littlo could Boa havo anticipated certain charmiilg Christmas boohs witbhing thb world a few ybars later 1. So also " Amoricnn Notes,'' Mr. Jofforsou Briojc, and tho transatlantic Eden lay unsuspected in tho future, whan ho modo aid Wollor suggest to' Mr. PiokwicK's absconding to America tilt Doilson and Fogg were hung, nnd thou return ing lo his native land and writing " a book about tho 'Morrikons as 'ill pay (all his ox- ponses and moro, if ho blows 'cm up enough I" Chatnlers's Journal. What is tho differonco. bolwoon Noah's ark 'and an archbishop 1 Noah's -ark was a' very high drk; bitt nil archbishop- is an-hieatoli (higher ark). , Eiicrubhiliiig. " - . Talent,. .Acquired and NATUttAr,,— As it is iii tlio body, so it id in the mind— practice inattes it what is; nnd most of tlioso cxcel- loncca wliieli arc looked, on as natural cudow- monts .'will be found, when examined into moro narrowly, to be 'tlic product of exercise, and "to .bb/misod to. iliut pitch only by , repeated nbtibns. Some mcn'aro rcmurkcil for pleasant ness in raillery, others for " apijllogucs and opposite diverting stories. This is apt to be; taken for tho effect 'of pure .'nature, and that tluPratlior because it is not got by rules ; 'and- tbo.-o who excel in either of "thein never- pur posely-set tlleihsolvcs to 'tlio study ofifas an art to bo learnt. Rut yet is true tliat at first somo lncky bit which took with soinqhody, and gained him commendations, aucouaged liiin" to 'try' again, . inclined his thoughts and endeavours that way, till at last lie iasensibly- got a faculty in it without perceiving how ;; and that is attributed wholly to nature which was much more tho effect of usoand practice.. — Locks, Ciiaco Marriaoe Oeresiokies. — Tho mar- riogo ceremony amongst theso tribes is a very queer one. Tho smitten swuiu proposes to the father of tlio soft— she could bardly bo called fair — one.- No voice or will of tiers lias any- -lliing to do in tlic 'matter Ncxt_moriiing_hb is oil to the woods to kill or catch alive a deer, ostrich, or wild pig, which lie brings to bis lady-lovo is a proof that ho is .expert in the chaso, and an assurance that he can provide for her material wants. On his return with tho spoil;- the- girl's motlier- takos-tho-"rccado— and bridlo from his horse, placing them on the spot where Tic is to tako up his future abiding place. Etvoilaloutl On the first night it is iocumbcnt for tbo ncivly-ivcddcd couplo to sleep bonoath a horse akin, with their head8_tntned. "tolho west ; for the ceremony is not considered perfect till tho sun shines on their feet the following morning. Rut if.after- difforehocs, distastes, or regrets should arise on the hus band's part — the possibility of such a thing is not supposed to exist witli the woman — and the faithless follow goes wooing elswherc, thoro is a much more simple aud cxtonsivo mode of divorce than presided. over by Sir Jnmes Wilde. In presenile of a conclave of caciques the ques tion iadeeidedin a hand-to-hand- 6ght"by"thc two women,' their families being likewise lookers-on. Tho gnilty man stands with "folded arms a mutc spectator of the — tourna ment, and by the established law lie is obliged to tsko the victor for. Ins spouse. — liutnos Aures and Araentine Gleanings. Love in a Cart. — She wasu't a bad wife, but she bad a temper. If sho could have parted with that one article At a sacrifice, I wouldn't have swopped bcr away in exchango for any other women in England. Not that I ever did swop her away, for we lived together -till sho died, and that was thirteen year. Now, my 'lords and ladies and gentlo-folks all, I'll let you into a secret, though you won't believe it. Thirteen year of temper in a palaco wonld try the worst of you ; but thirteen year of temper in a cart would -try-lho best-of-you.— You- arc kept so very close to it in a cart, you sec. There's — thousands — of— couples — among — you- gctting on like sweet ile upon a wlmtstone, in houses fivo and six pairs of stabs high, that would goto tlio Divorce Court in a cart. Whether tlio jolting makes it worso l- don't undcrtako to decide, but in a cart it does como home tn you autl stiok to you. — Woilencc iu a" cart is sn woilent. and nucrawation iii a cart is so amrrawatincr. — All the Year Hound. . A Lay Commentator. — Iu Kennedy's "Life of Dr. Macdonald," of Urquhart, 'it is stated that whilo the doctor - was ono day preacing in Ireland on tho parable of tho-good- Snmaritain; he said—" I am not to inquiro at presont Why the priost passed tho poor man. by.1' At once a man rose upin the congregation and said — "Please, your Riyercnee,I can tell' you why the priest passed him— it was because he know that the thieves had left no money in his pockot." Common Salt as Manure.— Common salt, applied in the Spring at the rate of tWenty bushels per acre, has boon found very benificial to asparagus, broad-beans, lettuces, onions, car rots, parsnips, potatoes, and beets. Indeed Its properties are so generally useful, not 'only- as promoting fertility,but as destroyingslugs.&e.; that it is a good plan to cover a garden every Marob with this mannre, at tho rata above specified. Tho flower gardon is inoladod in this recommendation ; for some of tho best practical gardeners" recommend it for the.atock,, hyacinth, amaryllis, ixin, auomone, colchicam, narcissus, ranunculus, Ac. ; and in the fruit garden it has been found bonefieial to almost every ono of its tenants, especially -the cherry -and -Apple.- On -lawns-and -walks -jt-helps-to- drivo away worms, nnd to dostroy moss. — Manure, or Muck for the Many, - - 