THE NEW WESLEYAN CHURCH. LAYING TIIE FOUNDATION STONE. The foundation stone of the Wesalyan Church now in course of erection at the western side of the` present lnilding in Pat. tersoe.atreet was laid on the 18th inst, by John Crookes, Esq., J.P. The weather was all that could be desired, and the day was certainly the most favorable for the past fort. night-a clear sun-lit sky and warm stmos. phlere, tempered with a slight breath of wind. Owing to the rain of the previous few days, the ground was rather damp and uncomlort. tible for those who wore unable to gain a favorable position; but within the temporary fence in front of the foundation several loads of gravel were laid, which remedied to some extent'this nnavoidable defect. The ecaffohling over the stone was orna. mented with festoons of evergreens, and the blue ensign lightly floated over the top. At the eastern side wase rected a platform on an incline, with forms for the convenience of those ladies who had assisted the funds by collecting small contributions from their friends, and for the use of ladies generally. Over head, and facing the west, the motto in plainly printed characters " The Lord our God be with us as Ho was with our Fathers," was displayed; and at the southern end of the platform the motto "The best of all is, God is with us," was also exhibited. - In the centre of the site a largo platform was placed, upon which the school children belonging to Pat. terson- street and Margaret-street Sabbath Schools stood to the number of between 400 and 500. Half.past three was the hour fixed for the ceremony to begin,bat for an .hour previously many persons assembled, and shortly after. wards every available seat on the platform and all the approaches to the site were filled. A large majority of those present, however, were compelled to content themselves with a view from the street, which at last got com pletely choked up with the largo crowd anxious to witness the ceremony. - There must have been altogether 3000 or 4000 persons present. We noticed the following clergymen :-Rev. W. A. Quick, President Australasian Wesleyan Conference ; Rev. Spencer Williams, Launceston circuit; Rev. E. W. Nye, Launceston circuit; Rev. W. D. Lelean, Westbury circuit; Rev. T. Angwin, Dolornino district; and Rev. R. Caseley, Campbell Town. In addition to John Crookes, Esq, we observed the following gen. tlemen in the front:-W. D. Grubb, Esq.; J. W. Glesdow, Esq ; I. Sherwin, Esq.; James Robertson, Esq. ; Wm. Johnstone, -Esq.; Alderman Hart, and Alderman Norwood. Precisely at half.past three o'clock the ceremony commenced by the school children alone singing one of their anniversary hymns -the 202nd hymn. The appropriate hymn, the 737th, from Wesley's collection, was then sung, all heartily joining in. The Rev. W. D. Lelean having offered prayer, the Rev. Dlr. Caseley read the 2nd chapter of the book of Haggai. Mr. W. D. Grubb having read a list of the several documents, &c.;, placed under the stone, John Crookes, Esq, came forward, and the stone being righted, thrust the trowel into the mortar, saying, "In the name of Almighty God, the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, I declare this foundation stone to be laid." The trowel with which the stone was laid was made of solid silver highly polished, with a neatly turned wood, n handle, the work of Mr. W. R. Davey, of Brisbane- street. On the trowel was an inscription engraved by Mr. A. O'Leary as follows: "Presented to Joea CuOOKES, ESQ., on his laying The Foundation Stone of the Wesleyan Churcb, Launceston. Sept. 18th, 1800." Accompanying this was the usual " heavy" mallet with which the work is completed, made of Huon pine and polished, turned by ,alr. W. Broadfield; and a small square to test the work, made of myrtle and also polished. These will be kept by DMr. Crookes as mementoes of the event. Mr. Crookes having tested the stone, it was lowered into its place as the head oat the building. In a cavity below the atone was deposited a ein?ll lOndon box Ilormetically sealed. 1? contained the following The newpanpers of the day-Launceston Examiner and Launceston nimes. The minutes of the Australasian Wes loynn Methodist Conference for the yeaour 1800. The II'esleyan Ohroniole for the month of August, 1806. The report of the Australesian Wesleyan Missions for 1800. The Launceston circuit plan for the pro sent quarter. . i , A statement ofthoeresult of the exami nation of students at Horton College for the A.A. degree, held this month in Hobart Town. Coins of the realm-Sovereign, half sovereign, crown ;piece, half-crown piece, two shilling piece ' (tw6 sorts), shilling, sixpence, fourpenee,: three pence, penny (two 'varietie--copper and- bronze), halfpenny' (copper and bronze), farthing (copper and bronze). Grains of corn, and A scroll of parchment, upon which was neatly engrossed the following WEBLYTAN aiRTnoDMsT OtUnROc, LAUNOE-sON. , The Foundation Stone of this Cihurch was laid in the name of the Holy Trinity hl, John Crookes, Esq., on the eighteenth day of September, in the year of our Lord, one thousand eight hundred and sixty-six, in thie thirtiethl year of the reign of her Majesty Queen 'Victoria; his 'Excellency Colonel Thomas Gore Browne, O.B., being Governor of Tasmania; the Roverend William Abraham Quick, President of the Australasian Con. ferenco and Chairman of the District of Tas mania ;. the Reverend Spencer Williams, and the Reverend Edward Wason Nye, Minis ters of the Launceston Circuit; Messrs. Isaae Sherwin, John Ward Gleadow, John Crookes, William Hart, John Dryodalo, Frank Hart; and William Dawson Grubb of Launceston, trustees; iloesirs. Crouch and Wilson of Melbourne, architects; Messrs. James William Lloyd, David Scott, George Tyson, and Thomas Richardson, of Launces ton, contractors ; Mr. Harry Conway, clerk of the works.. Estimated cost of the building,' £f000. Launceston, 18th September, 1800. Mr. Crookes and the Reir.W. W A. Qulick then delivered eloquent addresses. The ladies who had received contributions for purses then came forward and deposited them-on the stone; and many others, includ ing a large number of children, responded to the request of the Rev. Mr. Willams, and laid various amounts on the stone from a sovereign to a penny. The National Anthem was then sung, fol lowed by three hearty cheers for the Queen. The Doxology was then sung, and the benediction having been said by the Rovd. S. Williams the proceedings terminated at 4.45 p.m., but many persons lingered round the spot for some time afterwards. Briefly to describe the building we may say the architecture is of the Gothic order. The outside will be ornamented with tracery windows, the weatherings and dressings being of pressed cement, in imitation of stone; the wells are to be of brick. The spire will be 134 feet high, and when completed the edifice will form a very handsome addition to our public buildings. The interior will be divided into a nave and two side aisles, from which it is divided by massive Gothic columns surmounted by arches of blackwood timber. The roof will be open Gothic. The 'fittings of the interior are to be of myrtle; and when finished will form a beautiful contrast to the heavy timber of the roof. The whole will be well lighted by enriched tracery windows glazed with cathedral glass with ornamental colored margins. 