LITERARY GOSSIP. (FROM OUR LONDON CORRESPONDENT.) OCTOBER, 1865. DR. HURLBURT has compiled a most useful volume on the subject of which it treats, bearing the title " Britain and her Colonies," 10s. (Under 1½ lb. : Stamford.) He has gathered his materials from Par- liamentary debates, reports of committees, and official documents in public offices and the British Museum, and put them into a concise and clear form. After devoting a few pages to the Government of the first English colonies and the American Con- federations from 1643 to 1790, he gives a sketch of colonial Governments, ancient and modern, and of the introduction of parliamentary and responsible government. He then enters into some detail respecting the Confederation of British North America and the policy of the mother country, dis- cussing commercial, civil, and military questions. A chapter is given to Imperial and colonial opinions on these questions, ami another to the probable future of the colonies. Special prominence is given throughout the entire work to the North American Colonies, but others aro referred to as affording information and illustration of points under discussion. Soveral appendices contain important statistics, and the Articles of Confederation of Biitish North America agreed upon at the Conference of Delegates in October, 1864. The follow- ing extract shows the author's views : " Carthage, for seven centuries, held along the shores and over the islands of the Mediterranean, three hundred cities tribu tary, as the fruit of her maritime supre- macy ; and Home, for five centuries, kept iu subjection half the then known world. Why should the influence of the British throne be less over communities of similar origin, religion and laws than was Carthago with her navy, and Eome with her army, over the discordant elements which made up their empires ? In no Carthaginian or Roman sense of citizenship would we advo- cate the subjection of any member of the empire to the throne. But with two thousand years' experience over those re- nowned States from which to draw lessons of wisdom, is it impossible to find a basis of union, receiving the cordial consent of every member of this great family of nations, as enduring a foundation of empire as the flag of Carthage or the spear of Rome? Why should not every member stand in the same relation to the throne which these islands now sustain and which the old colonies claimed Î Each jvould have its own independent Legislature, ab- solute within its own dominions, but owing allegiance to the same sovereign. The questions of peace and war would still rest with the throne, by and with the advice, as npw, of the Imperial Ministry, allowing some just influence to those other great common- wealths affected by such decisions, or which, in case of war, should contribute their reasonable share. Such union would be the best guarantee for-peaco within her own widely-extended dominions, and the strongest protection against insult or assault from without. The high objects and in- terests common to all are surely motives strong enough to cement such union. At all events, it would be wiser for the nation to fix its attention upon some definite object to be attained in the relations of the dif- ferent members of the empire than to leave all to chance or to circumstances. Com- merce-the controlling genius, if not the divinity of the nation-is now the guiding star in our foreign rela- tions, and commerce is blind to every- thing butjits own interest ; it knows no law but profit. Why then should not the statesmen of the mother country and of the colonies seek some sounder principles of union, equitable to alL and promising a close and more enduring connection ? Why need it be a necessity that the mo ,ment a province attains independence or sufficient strength to stand alone, that epoch in its history should also be tho epoch of its entire separation from the empire ? In such a union as here contem- plated Britain would be the chief gainer. Here would rest the executive authority, the greatest concentration of wealth, and the centre of her now vast, and daily ex- panding commerce." "The Story of the Great March." From the diary of a staff officer. By Brevet- Major George Ward Nichols, aide de-camp to General Sherman, with colored map (a very good one), and illustrations (7s. Gd., Low and Co.) "My service," says the author, " as aide-de-camp on the staff of Major-General Sherman began with the fall of Atlanta. The remarkable fea- tures and events of the campaigns of Georgia and)the Carolinas, visible to me during the whole of the grand march, were noted daily in my journal. From that diary this story of my march is compiled," and both as a nairative of one of the most re- markable feats in modern warfare, and as a description of life in a camp upon the march. The movements and proceedings of an army of 70,000 mea without any base of operations, or any supplies to fall baok upon, are exceedingly well narrated. Sherman managed, in spite of his isolation, to divide his foes, to destroy their warlike stores and means of communication and j transit, and to win great success. This, too, without lighting' a great battle, or losing many men. How he did it all, the author tells- chiefly by flank move- ments-he pretended to be going one way and went another. The advance ia thus described :-" From the moment we crossed the Salkahatchie, the form of our front was always concave. This tac- tical formation was no doubt deemed noces sary, because the attack of the enemy was necessarily in front, our flanks being more or less protected. Obliged to cross several large rivers, which, according to all military rule and precedent, in the presence of an active enemy, were considered almost im- passable, and which were adopted by the enemy, with great wisdom as their strongest lines of defenoe, the passage was irresistibly forced by the two points of the concavo, which were constantly thrust forward, first upon one aide, and then the other, or both at the same time, as Sherman deemed best when threatening Augusta and Charleston." But after he left Cherau, and found Gene- ral Johnston before him, Sherman changed his tactics. "The possibility that reinforce- ments from the veteran troops in Virginia may be sent to' impede our march to the sea, or the caution, which is ono of Sher- man's characteristics, lias induced him to charge his front, so thal the army has ¿un to assume a convex shape in place of the opposite form. Thus moving forward his column in escholon upon the centre, he can at any moment put moro than one half his force in line of battle if attacked upon his left flank, which is most in danger." Sherman moved on. " Johnston made a dashing attack on Averysborough and at Pentonville ; but Sliprman was too powerful. His march was delayed seventy hours, and that was the solo result. Weary ia body and mind, ragged, bare- headed, and shoeless, but with an un- usually small proportion of sick-such was the excitement and the effect of constant success. Sherman's army met Schofield at Goldsborough. The great march was at an end. The " Memoirs of the Life and Writings of Sir Eichard Steele," soldier, dramatist, essayist, and poet, with his correspondence and notices of his contemporaries, the wits and statesmen of Queen Anne's time ; by H. B." Montgomery (2 v., undor 41b, Nimmo), might have been moro satisfac- tory if it had been more condensed. It is an excellent collection of materials for a biography. Still, some will like the little details ana repetitions, - as delineating the man in his different moods ; and the little memoirs of those who were associated as showing something of the men of his time. Like several of his more illustrious com- panions, he / was not equal to the height of his ambition ; he fell short of his best desires. Weaknesses and follies entailed remorse and resolution of improvement. But the resolution gave way under tempta- tion. His hillet doux to his wife (there are plenty of them)", while they show the water's affection, also expose his errors ; but there are some fine touches in them. In an age of vice he was more virtuous than most, and endeavored to improve his generation. The Tatler; The Specta- tor, and The Guardian, inaugurating a higher and purer tone in literature, are evidences of this. The book is worth reading for its delineation of a character, and for the insight it gives into polite and literary society of 150 years ago. A contribution to ethnology is made by Mr. E. B Tylor, in his " Researches into the Early History of Mankind, and the Development of Civilisation," (under Sib. 12s. : Murray). He has gathered from many and trustworthy sources a great deal of information respecting the uncivilised races of man in different parts of the world, with a view to classification, in order to show how long and complex has been the growth of civilisation, After an introduction, several chapters aro devoted to gesture language and word- language, picture-writ- ing and word-writing. Images and names naturally follow. Then comes 'a very in- ' teresting chapter on.growth and decline of culture, with illustrations of handicrafts and primitive arts. The Stone age then comes under review. Fire, cooking, ves- sels, and implements are described., Some remarkable similar customs aroe shown to prevail in distant countries. Historical traditions and myths of observation are narrated and compared.' In the concluding remarks it is stated that " it does not seem to be an uniensonable, or even an over sanguine view, that the mass of analogies in art and knowledge, mythology and cus- tom, confused and indistinct as they at present are, may already he. taken' to indi- cate that the civilisations of many races whose history even the evidence of language has not succeeded in bringing into con- nection, have really grown up under one another's influence, or derived common material from 'a common source." The work not only displays very great industry in the collection of facts, but also consi- derable, art in grouping them together in elucidation of the inferences drawn from them. It will be prized by the general reader as well as the ethnologist as an in- structive narrative, of the manners and customs of our leas-favored hut ingenious ancestors and contemporaries. Mr. Walter Thornbury has collected in 2 vols, a number of short tales originally published in the pages of AU the Year Round and Chambers' Journal, and has added a few others, under the title " Tales for the Marines" (16s. : Low and Co.) Most pleasant tales they are, full of humour and wild fancy, with plenty of amusing exaggeration. The stories are well told, and the sketches t of character are racy. Here is one-" Godfrey Dodson was one of those old connoisseurs who are to be seen every morning iu the showrooms of Messrs. Christie and Manson, examining etchings scrupulously through hugo glasses, opening and shutting with half delight, half distrust, remarkable agate snuff-boxes, wallang backwards from spurious Raphaels, opening and shutting tho drawers of inlaid cabinets, and looking for the maker's name and date on lustrous majolica plates. They know the very year every picture was painted, where the original of it is, and what it fetched. They remember every alteration Hogarth made in his engravings, and fall into raptures over, what other people would think a defect. They eye the auctioneer with a magic look of expectancy and cun- ning, and the. dealers with . glances of hostility and distrust. They hoard and accumulate' with the craft of ravens and the industry of ants." Sir Lascelles Wraxall's " Scraps and SketchesGatheredTogether"(2vols. : Allen) is a similar book., There are many bits of graceful and amusing writing, especially on German subjects. Among now novels that may be recom- mended for som excellence or other, rais- ing them, above the dolugo of trash, aro " Can You Forgive Her ?" by Anthony Trol- lope (2 vols. : Chapman and Hall), written with careful delineation of character, and with sound morality. " Latimer's Luck," by the author of "A Woman Against the World " (3 vols. : Bentley). The luck is gene rally ill- luck, though the hero's purposes are good, " Noel ; or It was to be" (2 vols. : Smith, Elder, and Co.), presents a good plot, diversified adventure, truthful character, both bad and good, and sound morals. "Andrew Ramsay, of Errol" (3 vols. : Hurst and Blackett), is a tale of the career of a young man starting in life under unfavorable circumstances, battling with difficulties and temptations, and finally gaining victory. "Uncle Clive". (Nowby), a humorous andÍ ' spirited tale, in which some quaint characters aro intro- duced. " The Wilmot Family" (3 vols : Bentley), by Mabel Crawford, shows how suddon and unexpected elovation to wealth, hy a legacy of valuable estates, is not always conducive to comfort and happiness, when those who are elevated are not fitted by education and attainments for their new position. " A Mere Story" (3 vols. : Low and Co.), by Miss Smedley, is a very natural and instructive story, narrating serious complications, quiet adventure, and humorous incidents with the charm of froshness. "Oswald Hastings; or the Adventures of a Queen's Aide- de-Camp" (3 vols. : Hurst and Blackett), by Captain Kuollys, reprinted from the United Ser- vice Magazine, is a very likely and natural soldier's tale. The "Nautical Almanac," for 1869 (Murray), is just out. So also is Pro- fessor Gamgee's work on " The Great Cattle Plague" (Hardwicke). It is divided into three sections. The first part gives the definitions, symptoms, post mortem appearances, nature, and remedial treat- ment of the disorder. The second gives the past history and ravages abroad and at home. The third gives the official report of the International Congress, held at Vienna in 1863. _ Mr. Fisher wishes to revive the .' Gamo of Ballone," and so publishes a large pamphlet (3s. 6d. : Bell), which gives full directions for tho game, with woodcuts, and a photograph of Pallone players. It is an athletic game, played with a large spiked ball, was originally well known in England, and is still played on the continent. The eighth volume, lately published by Layman and Co., completes the new edition of Mr. Merivale's " History of the Romans under the Empire," and loaves off at the reign of Commodus, where Gibbon begins. The Reader, noticing this fact, expresses a hope that the same firm will give us an edition of " The Decline and Pall of the Roman Empire," to match this' cheap and elegant issuo of Mr. Merivale's work. Mr. Nimmo has issued tbreo single-volume editions of "Burns," which justly claim to rank among the cheapest complete editions of the poet ever published. The larger one, issued at 5s.,forms a handsome library volume,royal 8vo., with a portrait and numerous illus- trations, on wood, by eminent artists', and a new memoir, by Mr. Gunnyou : it coin prises the whole of the Burns correspon- dence, as well as Burns' remarks on Scot-> tish songs and ballads, and anecdotes of' their authors Of the other two editions, issued at 3s, öd. each, one is uniform with Nimmo's popular illustrated edition of the Poet's, the other a neat and elegantly printed edition in crown 8vo., resembling the " Globe Shakspeare." Artemus Ward's new book, " Among the Mormorns aud on the Rampage," has just been pub- lished (3B. 6d. ; Hotten.) It ja edited by E. P. Hingston, the agent and companion of A. Ward, when he went with his " unparelleled show" through the Mor- mon territory and California. lu au intro- duction the editor gives some curious par- ticulars of the social condition and abominations of Mormonism. Captain Hall's " Life with the Esquimaux " has been published, at 7s. 6d. (Low and Co.), and is thus placed within reach of all who aro fond of remarkably strange adventure. " The British Quarterly" opens with an article which will be read for its subject much moro than for its style-" Matthew Arnold, Poet and Essayist." It is a heavy ciiticism of Arnold's opinions and works. In explanation of the following extract, it may be well to remark that Mr. Arnold condemns provincialism in writers, advo- cates the formation of an English Academy similar to the French Academy, is Pro- fessor of Poetry at Oxford, of which Uni- versity the Earl of Derby, the translator of the Iliad, is Chancellor ; and that Professor Pepper is the exhibitor of Ghost Scenes and other wondeis at the Polytechnic In- stitution in London :-" The happy inventor of nicknames is always an awk- ward antagonist. * The Dialectician,' in dough's poem- , 1 Who in threo wpeks had created a dialect new for the party, Master in all that was now, of M hate'cr was lecherchó mid nicy, Master of nowest inventions, and ready designer of newer,' was of this typo, and Mr. Arnold is like him. It has already been shown with what contemptuous ease he classifies as provincial writers men of much repute. But he goes further in his felicitous divi- sion of stylo into the Attic, the Asiatic, the Corinthian. There is no need to dwell on the indefinable perfection, the classical calm, of the Attic style. The Asiatic is '' barbarously rich and overloaded ;' the Corinthian ' is the style for a good edi- torial, lilias not the warm glow, blithe movement, and soft pliancy of life, as the Attic style has ; it has not the over-heavy richness and encumbered gait of the Asiatic style; it has glitter without warmth, rapidity without ease, effective- ness without charm.' And of this "style Mr. Kinglake is facile . princeps brother Corinthian having said of him that he combines ' the passion for tinsel of a sensuous Jew with the savage spleen of a dyspeptic Englishman. Certainly when Mr. Kinglake, writing of Lord Stratford, describes St. Arnaud as cowed by the majesty of the great Elchi's cunning brow and tight merciless lips, the reader may perceive and smile at a rare specimen of Corinthian brass. But what if the advocate of an authoritative academy to suppress all that is provincial, Asiatic, Corinthian, can himself be con- victed of the very departure from urbanity which he deplores ? It may bo done. If not Corinthian, is it not at least provincial to describe the Church and Slate Revieio and the Record as tho high chwch rhi- noceros and the evangelical hyajna ? Mr. Arnold's proface to the essay is full of life, full of humor, but it is occasionally Corin- thian. Thus, when deprecating certain phrases which connected his criticisms or translators of Homer with his postion at Oxford, ho says : ' My native modesty is such that I have always been shy of assuming the honorable style of Professor, because this is a title I share with so many distinguished men - Professor Pepper, Professor Auderson, Professor Friokel, and others,-who adorn it, I feel, much more than I do. This is thoroughly provincial, what follows is worse. I serve under an illustrious Chancellor, who translates Homer,'and calls his Professor's leaning towards hexameters a pestilent heresy. Nevertheless, that cannot keep me from admiring the performance of my Bevere chief ; I admire its freshness, its manliness, its simplicity, although, perhaps, if one looks for the oharin of Homor for his play of a divine light. Professor Pepper must go on, I cannot. This flash of painful humor is wilfully Corinthian. Would Mr. Arnold have re- frained from it if there had existed an English Academy ?" In a review of Mr. Campbell's two volumes, " Frost and Fire," the functions and workings of these two ' giants" are described. Of the bookitsolf the following opinion is expressed :-" So far as the author confines himself to this practical and explicit purpose his book deserves to be studied with the utmost attention. Its numerous facts, as well as its original tone and treatment, entitle it to be read with decided respect. But it has what may be termed its abstract or metaphysical aspect also ; and here we think the writer is by no means so happy or successful." " Pal grave's Central and Eastern Arabia," (of which a second edition is in the press) is also epitomised. The writer Bays, " The author is a gentleman of great acquire- ments, of refined culture and training, and of amazing versatility. He has great poweis of exposition and description, and minutely observant and gracefully graphic. Ho is at once scholar, casuist, observant appreciator, man of sense, and man of the world. But with all his masses of information, grace of style, and affluence of expression, he is often tedious and wearisome from perpetual digressions. But the novelty of his theme, and his attainments as geographer, agriculturist, politician, and topographer, gain for him the'large and liberal consideration of his readers. His account of desert travelling is the best, the fullest, the most graphic that has ever been written." Of "Lecky's History of Rationalism" the following opinion is expressed :-" The book is dan- gerous from its very fascination, and from the fact that its error insinuated rather than openly expressed. It is an expression of the unrest which characterises a considerable class, and will strengthen the feeling which it manifests. It indulges in a dream which can never be íealised, hoping to preserve tho spiritual and moral elements of Chris- tianity, but to reject dogmatic systems, and more especially miraculous narratives. While seeking to present, this view it will shake the faith of many. It will, we fear, have an influence of the worst kind unsettling many minds, and while suggest- ing doubts of varied kinds, not supplying a single bint for their solution. Extensive learning and an attractive style are but poor compensations for defects so serious, and do, in fact, only render the work more powerful for mischief." Some interesting biographical and historical facts are grouped together in a paper on " The Judges of England." " Mrs. Browning's Poetry" is criticised with a friendly hand. " No woman has ever united abilities like those of Mrs. Browning. She was well suited to be the poet of her sex, to paint woman as she is, and to vindicate her rightful position in society." The writer of an article on the " State Policy of Europe in 18(35" thinks that the Emperor of the French has been in a false position for some time, but that his most recent policy is to be commended. The editor contributes " Notes on the United States since the War," referring to the proceed- ings of the Council of Congregational Pastors and Delegates at Boston, and to matters topographical, social, political, and îeligious. At the close he bids farewell to his readers, having been the 'Editor of the " Review" from its commencement, twenty one years ago. The Revs. Professor Rey- nolds and Henry Allen will be the new Editors. The drawing which accompanies the in- stalment of "Annadale" in Cornhill'ia admirable ; the artist has well depicted "that subtle mixture of the voluptuous aud the modest" which is found in Miss Grailt-who, in reference to the interview that is thus illustrated between Mid- winter and herself-" The Moth and the Candle"-asks herself most appropriately, "Have you got any conscience left?" "Acquitted on the ground of Insanity," from a " Mad Doctor's" point of ,view, is the title of a paper devoted toihe dis- cussion of the legal test of insanity. Symptoms of insanity are described, legal opinions are given, and cases are cited, the difficulty of determining moral responsi- bility in the criminal is pointed out, and conflicting testimony of medical witnesses at trials is shown to interfere with the course of justice. The remedy is thus suggested : " Good and sufficient evidence must be given, and this must be laid before the jury with a scientific weight and method that is altogether wanting now. Above all the scientific, evidence must be reserved from the stigma which is always attached to it-now, of being altogether ex parte and paid. The witnesses in such cases should be officers of the state, as independent as the commissioners in lunacy themselves, who shall,give such evidence on the trial as shall satisfy the court, the jury, and the public, and put a stop to any demand that a case shall be re-heard. Such assessois or slate witnesses should be aien who by their scientific reputation, {heir character and positiou, would satisfy both junes and the public that their opinion ought to be listened to." " A Holiday in' Venice" is the title of a very pleasant paper which describes the beautiful city, its inhabitants and customs. The writer was much struck with the fact that the people are so little changed, physically and morally, from what their ancestors weie. Another writer dis- cusses " The Platonic Doctrine of Ideas." " What Plato intended to teach was, that justice and truth, and other such abstrac- tions, are not mere matters of human opinion, dependent upon the customs of different countiies, and changing with the revolutions of time, but that there is an absolute standard sonipwhere, known in- deed only to the wise, but by them capable of being so applied as to enable them to form a judgment in all particular cases. And everyone feels that this is so." " Urouvillc-sur-mer" is tho subject of another paper-the most fashionable water-. ing placo on the French side of the British Channel. The writer of, an article called "»Maori Sketches," thinks that Sir George Grey " does tolerable justice between the advancing civilizors and the retreating savages," " We think" says he, " that much might still be mado of Maori loyalty. An Englishman could bo found sufficiently uncivilised to earn their confidence in his straightforward regard for their welfare. It is probable that these people cannot comprehend abstractions of law and order ; but they might love a law giver and a chief. Why should they not have a lieutenant-king, who would, as King Matu tuere has done, pray, according to the Book of Common Prayer, that the Queen may vanquish and overcome all her enemies, aud seal his prayer with em- phatic Amens ? If our European training render a search for the necessary person difficult, why should not the Maoris have Tamihana or Matutuere, now that they have confessed the Queen's supremacy, for their viceroy? Why should they not make "land- leagues," if it so please them, until in due time they find thoir profit in legitimate sale of their country ? Might not the colonists shift for the present with the Southern Island, which is larger than England and Wales ? Let them be content to govern themselves, possessing as they do all the newest political inventions." À NBOBO NBWSrAPEB.-The frccdmon of Charleston ore making preparations for establishing a nowspapor in joint stock pro- prietorship. A short timo baok many thousand dollars' worth of stook hod beon takon by the blacks, and thero was a fair prospect that the projeot would bo BuecoBsful.-New York World. MIWIING THE WKON& Cow.-The Hon. Grantley F. Berkeley, the English hunter and naturalist, tolls the following excruciating story of Lady Hnggerton's scheme to charm tho Re- gent. Her ladyship had at her residence a miniature farmyard, and those pretty littlo Alderney cattle. Whon the prince and his frionds had arrived, sho carne forward from tho sido of a wicket as a milkmaid, for tho purposo of making a syllabub for tho prince She had a silvor pail in ono hand, and an ornamental stool in the other. Lndy Hoggoiton tripped along, with ribbons flying from her dainty littlo milking hat, that hung on one side of her grace- ful littlo head, and tho smallest littlo apron tied below hor laced stomuohor, till she carno opposite his Boyal Highness, to whom she dropped a roally graceful^ curtsey. Thoa passing lightly over the beautiful platted straw, hor tucked np gown showing her neat anklo, as well as her colourod stockings, BIIO placed hor stool and pail convoniont for use. Leaning against tho flank of ono of tho croBBcst looking of tho Aldornoys, eho was attempting to eommenco hor rustic labors ; but not having selected the right BOX, tho offended animal did not seom to fancy tho performance, for ot first he kickod out, then trotted away, nearly upsetting stool, pail, aud Lady Haggerton, who, covered with confusion, mado a hasty retreat for hor dairy, whence she did not appear again. 