ALFRED HAGART'S HOUSEHOLD. By Alexander Smith, author of ' A Lift Drama. Chapter XXI. On the Monday following, at half-past five o c ooV, Miss McQuarrie and Jack eat in the drawing- room in Mortimer el reofw ailing tbeir guests. They hsd not wai'od long when a fly drove upto the door, and the bell rang. Jack went to the window, and saw bis father and mother step out of the ve hicle; and bo had hardly resumed his eeatwheti Ann threw opes the door, and announced Mrs. and Mr. Hagart. Mrs. fiaeart entered, looking very happy. She kissel Jack, and wished bim many returns of bis birthday ; she hissed her Hster, and held her in ber arms for a moment ; and then, turning round, formally introduced her husband. Hagart took the heavily ringsa h«nd stretched oat to him, mattered the usual commonplaoes, and then walked up to the fire ? place and ttood in an easy manner on the hearth roe, with bis back to the fire, surveying the entire room. Mies Kate and Mrs. Hagart were seated together talking and Jack could scan bis father's movements at leisure. Hagart's ad vance to the fireplace, and the establishment of himself on the hearth-rug, almott took the boy's breatli away. It seemed like an invasion of the sacrcinees cf the quarter- deck. Uever before in his life bad he seen bis father so cool, self possessed, and regardless of dignitie). The hearth -rag was appropriated as a n.ere matter of course. Jack was astonished, but bis astonishment was li. creased when his father, leaning his bock against the mantel-piece, called out - ' And so, J ohn, you have completed the first year of your teens! Time is passing, my boy. Remember that Alex ander conquered Asia, and that Pitt was a prime minister, when tbey were not many years older than you are now.' Before Ja' k had recovered himself sufficiently for ateply, Ann bad opened the coot and laid a parcel on the table. The parcel had no sooner been laid upon the t&bta; than Eegert advanced, and, unclosing it, revealed a richly- woven thawl. He then stepped t .ward the ladies. ' Miss McQuarrie,' be said, gallanlly, ' accept an oar from the field of 'Weddirbiini Bro bersand Hagart and savin? so, with a deft band he whipped the ri:h covering around Miss McQuatuVs fcboulders. At the mom t Til Mrs. Hagatt's face was very pretty with smiles and blui-hes, ' The very night, dear, that Alfred obtained the partnership, he told me that his first duty would be to look out for the nicest shawl he conld 6ni ; and next day I went into Greys! ey, and, going over the whole (lock, fiied on that Ote. Don't you think it pretty ? ' ' Beautiful,' said M iss McQuarrie, glancmg from one ?shoulder to the other ; 'and J am sure I am very much obliged.' ' It is my very best design I think, and I am twenty times more pleased thin you can p isnibly be,' said Hagart ; aad then Ann op-ned the door and announced that dinner was ready. Hagart proffered bis arm to Miss Kate, saying as he did so : ' One other obligation I ask, that will you do my present the honour of dining in it.' Miss Kate gave a smiling as cent, placed hei band on Hagart's arm, and the pair marched oat of the room and went down stairs. Hagart's ea*e, self-possession, and gallantry were neipto bis son, and his surprise had in it tbe slightest tincture of ahum, As bis mother and he were now in the room alone, be gave a hurried expression to his feelings. ' You foalith boy f Your father and Mis 3 McQuarrie are faff friends now : besides, long ago, when I knew him first, your father was familiar with fine houses —much finer houses than even this. He seems to-day ten years younger. He is at his ease, of course — why should he not ? Would you | bave him stand awkwardly near the door, as if he wished to fteal the hats ; or to look as if he did not know what to do ?with his hands ? Take my am, John,' And so, in the wake of Hagart and Miss Kate, Jack and his mother went down -stairs and entered the lighted dining-room. The Governor of Ceylon by the tim9 the company had seated themselves must have had the entire contents of the table by heart, and summed up the expense, eo earnestly had he been surveying it since tbe lights had been brought in. Hagart Eat down opposite, but was not yet oonscious of tbe inquisitoiial gaze. If bis conduct was easy in the draw ing-room, it was quite as easy in the dining-room. He seemed never to have sat at a table less richly furnished He talked, carved, joked, and pat sed the wine. Jack was ante with -wonder, Mrs. Hagart was iu a flatter of pleasure at ber husband's brilliancy - the plume which had been so long draggled in the winter rain was now burning like a flame of tire in the sunshine. Miss Bate watched Hagart narrowly, as if making up her mind finally about him. It vafi evidtnt (be was pleased on the whole ; but every now end again, as the talc flowed on, a curiously meaning smile would gather about her mouth, the canse of which may be divined. When dinner was over and dessert placed on the table, Miss Kate, lifticg her glass, said: ' 1 have a toast to propose. Tbis is John's birthday, and it is only proper that we should drink his health. Your good health, John !' 11 Your good health, John,' said bis mother, looking across the table at him with happy-rainy eyes. ' Your good health, my boy,' said his father, stretching across his hand and shaking his ton's affectionately, ' and may prosperity attend you ' And poor Jack, while bowing his thanks, was terribly conscious that throe pairs of fond eyes were bent on him. It may have been to bide a slight flutter of parental feeling that induced Hagart to fill out a glass of wine at this moment and raise it to bis lips. Whatever might be the motive, he did pour out the wine, aud it was while in the act ef drinking It that he encountered the eye of the watchful portrait. Without withdrawing his gaze he placed the empty glass on tbe table, and asked : ' Miss McQuarrie, may I ask whose portrait that is on the wall opposite r' ' My Uncle, General McQuarrie, for many years Gover unr$SteeaT' eaU Hagart. He dimly remembered healing something of that distingu'shed military gentleman from his wire, years ago. Somehow the general's pertina cious watchfulness, aad something in Miss Kate's voice— to people who have the good fortune to count Generals is their family are perfectly conscious of the fact- troubled him, Something of his old suspiciousness of his hostess re turned. He Hau lien 'lupiing himself on his resent good fortune ; but to be a partner rf tke firm of Wedderbum Brothers and Hagart was nothing to having been a General and the Governor of an Oriental island. vT^? sb® thrust ing in bis face the family greatness J For the mom?*Vt he thought so, and struggling with this uncomfortable feeling he trifled with his empty glass and remained silent. Mils Kate was of course ignorant of what was passing in Hagart's mind, but although she bad known, she could not have acted in a happier manner. The light tap of her glass on tbe table woke our friend from bis gloomy reverie, and when he lookd up he saw Miss Kale smiling upon him. 'I have proposed one toast already,' she said, 'aud I think before we leave the table, it is n^y duty, as it is cer tainly my pleasure, to propose another. We will drink prosperity to the well-known and distinguished firm of Weaderbum Brothers end Hagart,' and so saying she trailed on Hagart again, bowed, and put her glass to her lips, while Jack aad his mother tinkled their glass as in ac clamation. A sudden tide of generous crimsen rushed over Hagart's face when Miss Kate had ceased speaking. He was ashamed ofhis suspicions. He felt that Hiss Kate conld not help having a distinguished relative. He felt certain that she tad no intention of hurting his feelings. For the moment lie almost hated himself for suspecting that she had any such intention. And as he saw that the whole table had ita eyes fixed upon him, awaiting a response, he hurriedly swallowed glass of wine, and cleared his throat, while the glasses tinkled again delightedly. 'Miss McQuarrie,' he began, 'as the sole representative present of the house of Wedderbum Brothers ani Hagart, the pleasant task devolves upon me of returning thanks for the toast which you have so kindly proposed. In the name of the firm I thank you from the bottom of my heart. To morrow, when I meet my respeoted partners, I shall inform them of the kind with you have this evening expressed.' Here there wss another tinkle of applauding glasses, and when it was over the orator resumed. ' I bave not the honour to be a General of the British trmv, like my friend in the gilt frame opposite ; no one is likely to call me Governor, exoept my son — here a smile dimpled itself round the table—' yetat the eame time I may express the belief that, in the present posture of my affairs, I have some slight reason for self-congratulation. The partnership which I have gained may be a poor thing, but 'tis my own, as Touchstone says, If there be any honour in my present position, I have acquired it — as your relative ac quired his military rank — by my sword.' Here Miss Kate's face flew all into a beam, and she tinkled her glass tremen dously, which stopped (he flow of the sentences. The thread of discourse being utterly snapped. Hagart blindly pos sessed himself of one of the ends. This partnership was offered to me, 1 may state now, most opportunely. For some lime back 1 had been meditating a step which would have caused great changes ' — here a blank came over Mrs. Hagsrt's.face, and Jack flushed up to the roots of his hair. He knew what was the 6tep alluded to, and having held the conversation with his father which we know about, he felt almost an accomplice — ' which would have caused great changes, and made us the denizens of another hemisphere, lhat dream has gone like many another. I can speak freely ot it now. The partnership was offered me, and I accepted .. uio name of the firm I flpMP thftT|V you.' He had -x 8 kut he could not flatter himself that he had Bud it well. fP0^1 U'® glasses tinkled only in a half-hearted way. ? xhe allusion to the great scheme which Hagart had Wen concocting, and of which till now she had been entirely ignorant, made Mrs. Hagart silent. Jack felt awkwardly Miss Kate thought it prudent to make no sign, i ou' another glass of wine, and drank it, ? Ifi j ®iUP J11® general's portrait as he did so, and when lie nad placed the glass on the table Ann opened the door 1 bm announced that tea was laid in the drawing-room, i J64 hagart eat down to the piano, and began pibrochs and wailing coronachs. To Hagart v fir.fr %?t0 '^at e'ow monotonous musio brought back e wvJW' l ?aK®r' remembered his early days of courtship : it „6 beard the melanoholy airs ; the happy days \- ?ope before him on brilliant unwavering wings : ' _j~~ about to make a name in art ; when his wife's : trw was ron',Jer, her hair was glossier, her voioe not a ' whm ?0re wi. k®r not nearly so tender — the days t have despised the partnership of whioh he ' ' Miss Kate eat apart on a settee, and at ' flnuMji « the mournftil notes, from a remoter distance, there * . 8 more sorrowful wave of reminiscence, i f°r ler again, but it bloomed with the ' 1 -!f ''jaw -me, the passion-bower, forget : ®nd love-Uea-bleeding. , WitEVistfal eyesshe Vas ; ™wng back to the far-off brightness or girlhood, almost | } £^T1Us- To pl»yar, fromcwely vibrating keytheS t ®»me, not so much a sound as a ghost of childhood— of her i early home, her father, her sister, of the family broaob whioh seemed so cruel, so irreparable, but whioh was now happily healed. 6he rat nncoUBcionB of everything around 11 err, playing an autobiography. To the boy, too, seated on a low stool dose at hand, the weeping musio brought imaginative influences. It came to him with a pleasant prophetic sadness — a sadness which he could not translate into anything defi nite, but which he felt the years in their oourses would translate for bim clearly enough. After Mrs. Hagart rose from the piano, the influence of the waiting music still remained on Miss Kate's party. Conversation proceeded, but only in a half-hearted way. and the appearance of Ann with the Bpirit-case and glasses was by all felt as a relief. They drew around the table, and Hagart brewed a tumbler of punch, and la fled out a glass to the ladies, and a quarter of a gloss to his son. He then made a fresh supply for himself. Talk revived around the punch, and they became comparatively merry. Then Jack began to yawn, ani bis father to remember that he had next morning to 'proceed to Greysley by the early boat. Id a abort time Miss Kate rang for bed-room candles, snd the party broke up. When J aok reached his own room, he hurriedly undressed, and his head had no sooner touched tbe pillow than he was sound asleep. hen (hey reached their bed-room, Mrs. Hegart wormed tbe sec-et of the great scheme out of her husband. Up till tbo period of the speech in (he dining-room she had no idea (hat- Alfred's thoughts had been running ou Central Ame rica. Although, when he walked into Greysley after the interview with his son at ihe station-house, Hagart had re - EOlved to ask Mr. MoorBelds to dinner, and get him to broach (be emigiation scheme (0 h'swife, ana talk her over into ac quiescence, he had never carried that resolution into effect. He had esperie&ced; a decided check in his son's opposition, and he wbb certain that his wife's opposition would be yet more dccidcd. Unexpected difficulties rose in his way ; and these difficulties he -was afraid that even Mr. MoorfieldB' fh- wy manners end fluent tongue would not be able to re move. Then Wedderbum Brothers' offer of partnership came, and the great idea was relinquished entirely. The emigration scbeme was checked by Jack, just as Napoleon was chi cl ed at Quatre Bras ; the emigration scheme was defeated by the Weaderbum Brothers as completely as Na poleon was defeated at Waterloo. Tbe scheme became utterly disorganised, broken ani routed, aad scaUw&d; to the four winds of beaven. To his wife tbat night he talked about it frankly enough, end that good lady it kept long awake. She felt that, all unknown to herself, she had been toppling on the ertge ofa ho rible precipice ; and with her hut band asleep at ber side she lay a^akc, filled with the devoutett thankfulness that from ber and he'ri this evil thing had been warded away. In the cfTerof the Wedderbum partnership she discerned the working of Ihe Providence that numbers the hairs of humin heads, and by whom tbe falling to the ground of even one of the sparrows of the air is not unregarded. When Miss Kate reached her own room she sat down in a Eofl cushioned chair near the fire ; and if a spectator had been present, he would have seen her shoulder shaking with laughter beneath her rich shawl. ' That poor dear innocent Hagart,' she muttered to herself, ' is better than a play. He marches about in bis partnership, and is as proud of it as a red 1 tdian of his war- paint and his buffalo robe, fringed with the scalps of bis - nemies ; and his sqnaw looks cm with admiration, and regards her lord as the greatest aud the best. It's perfectly beautiful, end only needs a stage and arow of footlights. 'He and General Mc.Quarrie ! 1 he Partner of Wedderbum Bro(hers and the Governor of Ceylon !' Here the old shoulders were convulsed again. ' If they but knew, the Babes in the Wood ! What a stramash there would ba; and how Hagart would come tumbling down like a shot eagle. Hewould be off to Central America at once. He never could look me in the face again after his vapouring, and his fine Utters and speeches. And yet I like the man, although I can't help laughing at him. I suppose we have a kindly feeling towards the people we laugh at.' Here ftl its hate got up and took her present from her shoulders, drew berchairtowardsthelight, spread the shawl carefully on the back of the chair, so that she might have a full and fair inspection of the same. She locked at it for a considerable time turning the chair now this way and now that. ' It' 6 very nice and pre'ty of the two fools to have bought me this, very nice and pretty indeed. This is one of his designs, he says. It must bave bern a clever head oat of which these Indian pines and arabesques came. His talent ought to bring bim to something.' Miss Kate took tbe shawl from the chair, folded it up and placod it in a drawer. She then came back beside the fire, and stared into it while it slowly crumbled away. The old, wailing times which she had heai d up- stairs were in her memory again, and she was alone with dead faces and long-depsrted voices. Mrs. Hagart,. awake in her bed up-Btairs, was thankful to Providence — little suspecting that Providence was incaroa'.ed in the wrinkled woman sitting down-stairs beside the dying fire. (2b be continued.) 