NEWS AND NOTES. We learn from Dr Nicholson, the consulting sur geon in the case, that Mr Pope had so fur recovered yesterday evening ns to be capable of sitting up in bed. It is expected that towards the end of the week Mr Pope may be safely removed to hia own house under the direction of Dr H'Cann, who haa been in constant attendance upon him since the unfortunate accident oecurred. Mr Clissold P.M., haB not yet resumed hia magis terial duties, but we are informed that the injuries ha received in bis late chaise accident have been nearly cured. Mr ClisBold is still unable to walk with ease, but the use of hia leg remains to him and 13 likely soon to be entirely restored. We are quite sure those of our readers who know the police magis trate will be pretty well satisfied that lis is not the man to aosc-nt himself on slight grounds for so long a time from the important duties of his office in this busy and populous district. The annual meeting of the Ballarafc Agricultural ana Pastoral Society will beheld to-day at the Carse o Oowrie hotel, Iiearmomh, for the purpose of re ceivmg the report of the society's proceedings during the past year, appointing a committee of manage ment for the ensuing year, and the transaction of other general business. A special general meeting of the Ballarat Turf Club will be held this evening at Craig's hotel, to consider and order on the plans and estimates for the new grand stand. A letter will also be considered from Mr. P. Keighran, in reference to the removal of the disqualification from his horse Exile late Odd Stocking. i , dungaree Road District Board has struck a shilling rate for the ensuing year. The estimated annual value of the property within the district is over £30,000, co that the revenue from rates will amount to over £1500. A correspondent writes:-" The maD, Chas. Parry who accidentally shot himself at Bullarook, on' Friday evening, wa3 a resident in Warrenheip town ship for many years, and, as a steady, honest, hard working man, was very much respected. He has lelt a widow and three children totally unprovided lor to mourn his lo3s. A subscription list has been opened in Rid of the widow and orphans, but in a poor locality liko Warrenheip it is feared that much will not be accomplished. This is a case that can be Strongly recommended to the benevolent and charit able-minded, and one in which timely assistance is earnestly besought. Donations will be thankfully received by Mr T. H. Keid, Warrenheip. How many such cases as this would the £20,000 proposed to be given to the Governor relieve and save unfor tunate persons from poverty, probably crime. While we talk thus recklessly of giriog thousands away, frail forma are fainting at our doors." Mr Clarke, of the Border Saw-mill, has also taken action in the matter, and has himself headed a subscription list ivilh a Jibersi amouat. We have received the first number of the Qmiville fulert"er' a neir dai'y paper publi3hed at Smythea The Bath Company's meeting, to consider the pro priety or otherwise of winding up the company, will be held this evening at Craig's hotel. A lodge in connection with the Grand United Order of Oddfellows wus opened last night at the White Hart hotel, Sturt street, by William Scott, district master of the Melbourne district. A good many gentlemen joined the new lodge and a good number were proposed. The D.M. was well sup ported by the old members of the Ballarat lodge. After the business of the lodge was over, between twenty and thirty members of the order sat down to an excellent supper supplied by host Br Young, which gave great satisfaction to all. The D.M. took the chair, and the vice-chair was ably filled by Br T. Diggins. After the usual loyal toasts had been given the DM. gave-"Success to the Hand-in-Hand Lodge, coupled with the name of Br Fitzsimmons, the promoter of it; to which Br Fitzsimmons ably responded The vice-chairman proposed-" Success to the Melbourne district," coupled with the name of the district master who, in reply, stated as the open ing of the new lodge had been a success, he hoped that the new brothers would work with a will and work well together to promote the interests of their lodge, and he had no do doubt but it would soon be one of the strongest lodges in Ballarat. He also stated that there were now nearly forty lodges of the Order in Victoria, seven of which were in and about Billarat, and that the order was extending its noble principles through every part of Victoria. After several songs, toasts, and recitations the com pany separated at an early hour, after spending a happy and profitable evening. _ The following extract from a letter has been handed to the Sydney Morning Herald-.-" I have a discovery of wliicii you also, in common with every friend of humanity, will be pleased to hear-a dis covery second only to chloroform in its importance. Imagine an agent which in less than thirty seconds h'i3 the power bo to paralyse any part of the body that the nerve may be cut, torn, or burnt, and yet refuse to complain. By directing, through an inge niously- contrived apparatus, a fine stream of very pure ether, a local ana-jthesia is produced, which con verted theskin utthetmckof myhandinthirtyseconda to the uolor of the finest white kid leather, and made it as insensible as a Btone. By this means teeth may be taken out without pain; and a multitude of ope rations-even some of the capital ones-may bo performed, your eyes seeing all the while what is going on. It is, therefore, perfectly free from danger and I tbiuk some day not very distant it will take the place of chloroform for almost everything but midwifery. The ether must be very pure bringing down the thermometer to twenty or thirty degrees below zero. I Imve often performed small operations by congelation, or freezing the part by ico and salt; but this is a giant stride in the same direction. ' We learn from the Argus that the delegates to Adelaide from the Victorian Exhibition Commission (Dr Cleasilale and Mr J. G. Knight) returned on Monday in tbe Cooroug, having' m;:8t successfully accomplished the object of their visit, the South Australian Government having, at their instigation, taken the necessary steps to insure the colony's being adequately represented both at the Melbourne Exhi bition an), in conjunction with Victoria, at the world's gathering at Paris. Mr ICnight has brought with hiuj Eonie magnificent specimens of South Australian fruit, to be modelled, on behalf of the Adelaide Comtniisiou, by Miss Thomas, the well known modeller, whose talents have already been exercised in the representation nf soma of the choicest productions of this colony. The membctt of the Billarat District Exhibition committee arc reminded that a meeting will take place this eveniug, at eight o'clock precisely. A meeting to sympathise with the Governor was held in Geelong on Monday night. The Advertiser says:-"The meeting was numerously attended. There were numerous speakers, and each ono was well received. Occasionally a voice was raised in opposition, but it was quickly silenced, as a mutter of necessity. Owing to there being so many speakers, there was a good deal of repetition. Tlio mayor occupied the chair, and ou the platform we noticed Messrs Richardson, Heath, and Jones, Messrs J.G. Carr, Kernot, Riddle, Syder, and other well-known gentlemen." The usual re solutions were passed. A short time since (says the Haba.it Town Mei citry) a number of young tench were forwarded from Hobart Town to C. II. Harrison, Esq., of Merton Vale, Campbell Town, with a view to stocking the Elizabeth River with this description of fish, and it is satisfactory to ua to state that a fine specimen of the fish then introduced into that stream was cap tured a few dava siuce, its size and healthy appear ance denoting that he had thriven greatly in his tew habitat. The Herald says:-" Sir Charles Darling hns noti fied to Messrs W. P. White and Co., the agentB of the Lincolnshire, that he does not intend to proceed to England by that vessel, and requesting that his cabins might bo relet. It is now believed that his Excellency, lamily, and suite will probably finally leave the colony on Thursday next." The Age has the following:-" We understand that his Excellency Sir Charles Darling will, in all probability, leave this colony for Sydney on Monday nest, lie con templated leaving on Thursday, but his departure has boen delayed by the rather serious illness of bis son." The Ballarst Dog Show, in aid of the local chari ties, will open this day at the Western Fire Brigade rooms. Our advertising columna supply par.iculars of the exhibition arrangements, and of some of the wonders to be seen there. The committeo for the exteosion of telegraphic communication between Majorca and Ballarat has urged the neighboring shire and borough oouueils to take an interest in the matter, and induced the Bal larat Stock Exchange to despatch a memorial to the Chief Secretary on the subject. A deputation from all concerned will wait upon the Chiet Secretary on 9:h May. At present, we ore informed, the trans mission of a telegraphic message from Talbot to Majorca, or vice versa, incurs a cost of about fifteen shillings in addition to the other charges. Mr N. La Feuillade, of the Christy's Minstrels, has recently published " The Belle Brandon Schottiache" and dedicated it to the ladies of Victoria. The schot tische is a great lavorite at present in Melbourne, and deservedly so, for it is lively, and withal origi nal, a rare merit in such productions now- a-days. The music may be had at the Mechanics' Institute and at the chop of Mr Turner, music-seller. The Bungaree Road District Board was occupied for a considerable time on Tuesday in hearing a deputation of Chinese, who wished permission to cut a drain along one of the public roads, as a means of conveying wator to their claim at the Springs. The application had been previously made and re fused, but with that pertinacity which not unfile* quently characterises soma Celestials, they again came before the board to obtain the necessary sanc tion to continue operations. Aa it not unfrequently happens in such cases, where the authority of a public body is requested, the drain had already been cut for a considerable distance along the road, in some places even to a depth of nine feet, to the great inconvenience of many of the ratepayers having property in the vicinity. A number of these rate payers appeared before the board to object to the Chinese getting permission to continue the drain, and to protest againBt it being kept open, as it wa3 dangerous to life and property, and between them and the Chinese a most enlightened discussion arose. The ratepayers appeared cortainly in earnest, in loudly protesting against the board's permitting such a dangerous trap to' exist along a public road, and with very good reason too, and, after much argument pro and eon, the Chinese were informed that the previ ous determination of the board, requiring them to stay operations and fill up the drain, would not be altered. At a special meeting of the Glendaruel, Beckwith, and Clunes Agricultural Society, held on Monday, 30th April, for the purpose of appointing auditors and arranging other business to coma before the annual meeting, to take place on Monday, 7th inst. Messrs M'Dougall and Ballantioo were appointed to examine the accounts of tho society. Subscriptions were received from Mr Mr TUomas Laby, Mr Gil more, Mr Wm. Barratt, Messrs J. and W. Dougall, and Messrs Williams Brothers. From Mr Griffiths, £3 for use of show yard. No other business was transacted. Sowing is being proceeded with generally through out the Creswick district. At Glendonald, Mr Car lisle lias sown 30 acres of Tartarian oats, and the same quantity of Golden Drop and Prolific wheat; Mr W. Goad, 50 acres of Tartarian oats; Mr M Guin neas, 100 acres of Tartarian oats and 40 of Golden Drop and Prolific wheat; Mr Ahern, 30 acres of Tartarian oatB; Mr Benton, 60 acres of Tartarian oats and 40 acres of Golden Drop and Prolific wheat. The usual monthly meeting of the Committee of the Creswick District Hospital was held on the even ing of Monday, 30th April. Proposed and carried by acclamation-"That a vote of thanks be passed to the committee and members of the Clunes Acci dent Relief Fund, and to the committee of the United Picnic held at Clunes, for the liberal donations given in aid of the hospital; also to the venerable Arch deacon Sheil, of Ballarat, for his services in preach ing a charity sermon in aid of the institution." Messrs Roycroft, Janssen, and Leake were appointed the visiting committee for the ensuing month, and £150 5s 2d was passed for payment. The meeting then separated. A very interesting and instructive lecture on tho Jesuits, was delivered by tho Rev. H, Crawford in the Presbyterian Church, Linton, on the evening of Monday, 30th April, Mr Robert M'Niece occupied the chair. There waa'a very fair attendance, and the rev. lecturer was attentively listened to through out. At the close, a collection was taken on behalf of the general fund of the church. The usual com plimentary vote3 were passed, prayer was offered, and the meeting dispersed. A gentleman who has jusfc returned from the Western District reports that there is great want of rain in what has now como to be designated the potato district. The breadth of country under this crop is something immense, says our informant, in the Portland district, and should the season be only moderately propitious low prices are sure to rule nest season for this favorite root crop. Tho "National Dog Show,'' in the Volunteer Orderly Room, was opened on Tuesday, under tho auspices of Mr G. J. Johnson and a local committee, and some 50 dogs or moro were exhibited. Mr John son informs us, however, that entries for 140 hava been made, and that a larger number of exhibits will he on view during the remaining days of the exhibition. On account of the small number of dogs Bent in as compared with those entered, the adjudi cations by the judges have been postponed until to day. The exhibits comprise bull doga, mastiffs, grey hounds, terriers, aud spaniels of high and low degree, a handsome Newfoundland, and one or two other kinds. There is also on view a lusus natures in tha form of a young goat with only two legs-the hind ones. When stauding. the goat looks like a dog trained to stand on its hind legs, or a little like a kan garoo on its bound. The room lias been well arranged aud is in a cleanly condition, the exhibit pens run ning all round the room, and the centre being occu pied also by a double row ol pens. There were very few visitors yesterday, but this may be sufficiently explained possibly by the high prico of admi&sioa; which, we perceive, will be reduced for the remain ing days of the show. Should ail the dogs entered be exhibited there will be a show worth seeing, and at preseut there are, we presume, several dogs which fanciers will be ablo to appreciate for some one or more points of canine beauty and excellence. The "Maniac" was repeated at the Theatre Royal last night, after which the burlesquo of " La Son nambula" was produced. This production was got up as broadly comic, and with as outrageous jokes and puns, as the greatest admirer of the absurd could very well desire. We have not to deal with the ta3te which enjoys such travesties of art, but with the thing as it i3 before ua, and for a first night's performance, the whole series of outragos upon all that one can enjoy aud appreciate in opera proper wa3 rendered with no small measure of success. Mr Sam Howard as Lisa and Mr W. M. Brown as Count Eudolpho were astonish ing productions in attire and action, and with them lay the main burden of the burlesque. Mr South, as the notary, was another rather remarkable get up, while Mrs tlolloway, as Elvino, dressed and looked very like a real operatic Alvino. Mrs South delivered her share of tho puns and jokes withcapital point, and MisB Graham, Miss Polly George, Miss Broughtou, aud Miss Brycr', as well a3 the other characters, appeared to be very much at home in tho broad fun of the whole burlesque. The ghost sceno was immensely laughable, but this was a quality which pertained to everything done and said,. for even tho hater of such ridiculous parodies of operatic genius could hardly restrain a laugh at the utter non sense of tho burlesque. We perceivo that tho per formances will be repeated this evening, and that to morrow night Mr W. M. Brown will take a benefit, when tho miraculous Sphinx will make its re-appear ance. The Christy's Minstrels met with an enthusiastic reception at tho hall of tho Mechanics' Institute on Tuesday evening, the second of the present season. The entertainment passed off with tho usual com pleteness aud brilliancy, and was liberally applauded. The stump speech of Leslie elicited roars of laughter and the local allusions were well put by the artiste, and highly relished by the audience. It is not too much to say that the entertainment at large i3, of its kind, one of the best and most deserving of support that has ever been presented in Ballarat. This even ing several changes will bo introduced in tho pro» gramme. 