THE SOUTH PROVES55 ELECTION. L MB. M'COMBIB AT BRUNSWrnt A public meeting of tlie electors of ,i,„ 7 PrOTluce was called for yesterday evi 4 the Bi unswlck hotel, Brunswick t„ " dress from Mr. T. M'Combie, one of u.I dates for the representation of tt,„ _ e""li' Councillor Wilkinson was voted to "C about fifty persons being present. Mr. M'Combib said tlint lie bad com public life twenty-six years ago when th?u ' bourne town council, of which he wts her, was the only representative instituil?' the colony ; and he afterwards took a " the election of Earl Grey as' the rsnm... of Melbourne in the Sydney Legislator!"""" cumstanco which drew the attention of the » Government to our position. He bad 1! editor of a newspaper, and devoted him!!'-® other respects to tko public interests vh> 111 receiving n farthing of pay. This w.'' ,ut however, from want of opportunitv fo, «' O'Shnnassy had offered him a seat in his Ml 1 try. When ho was a candidate for tlieVl" Province ten years ago he met with his war! reception at Brunswick, and from coimnunt" tioas made to him by a Brunswick electa?! Introduced into the Council and su-ceedJ 1 I passing through that holy a bill for them I easy transfer of land. It was thrown out W I Assembly j but Mr. Torrens, who afterward, I troduced tho system into South Austral I acknowledged at a banquet in London that!' I was indebted to this measure for monvorii I ideas. In other bills, too, which had J? I proved useful to tlio public, he had beta , I pioneer. It was stated in one of the n.J I v, n nnro ilinf Iia i. -1. a- , . ..v n„,,cu iu suovcrt toe Constit0 tion, and an elector wrote asking him if thi statement was true. Now, ho wished Hie P„ tobe— as Barry Cornwall said sf tl,e air-!® " chartered libertine,' and say what it liTJ) about public men; but lie denied that he why K to subvert the Constitution. He wished reform, made, but made in a constitutional wny; and ill that was subversive of the CoHstilmion, ty I Lord John Busseil and Mr. Gladstone were also I subvorters of the Constitution. There was one tiling he could not understand, namely, why tb free-traders here should call the protectionist, democrats and radicals, and all that was bad. hi England, it wbb the conservatives, like Lord Derby, who were protectionists. (Bear, hear) In regard to the present Government, he would deal candidly with the electors. He considered that the representative of a constituency like the South Provinco ought not to ha bound "hand aid foot in favour of any Government ; and till their | measures were known, I10 would not pledge them an indiscriminate support. If the measures they £ introduced were good, he would support them li | bad he would oppose them. During the time he was in England he devolcd a considerable Et time to the colonial interests, and he was onein the If deputations that succeeded in preventing the postage to Australia being doubled, and which R waited on Mr. Cardwell to obtain a cessation o( K transportation. He might state that lie thought 1 Mr. Card well (npart from his action about Sir Clm, Darling's recall) a most unsuitable man to bs I Colonial Secretary, altogether different from the 1 late Duke of Newcastle. The Duke would will lingly acknowledge himself in the wrong, if be were proved to be in error; but Mr. Cardwtll was altogether different, though'even in the cue of Sir Charles Darling, Mr. Cardwell admitted that he had gone too far, for the speech he made in Parliament was at variance with his de spatches — was indeed a most liberal one. Lord Russell had evidently seen that he carried met- ters too far, and as he blustered with foreign nations till they opposed him and compelled bio to eat humble pie, so it was plain he had directed Mr. Cardwell to net towards the colony. Had Lord Palmcrston been allvo. Sir Charles Barling would not have been recalled, for that Minister was always noted for supporting lift official!. He (Mr. M'Combie) was a friend of Sir Charles Darling s, knew him at home, nnd quito ap proved of his appointment, and was secretary it the banquet given him before he loft England. And it was on this account that be moved one of the resolutions in reference to bin at the Exhibition Building. If he lost hk election in consequence he was quite willing to accept that result. In reference to the topic! now before the public, ho did not think that the Government were getting so much for their money from the banks as theyouslit. There was nothing to prevent them following the example of Mr. Gladstone, who established savings banks and Jif«j insurance plans in cod- neetion with the Stale, and be their own bank- ers. The land question had been the most im portant question before the country for the list twenty-seven years, and these opinions lie ex- pressed on the occasion cf voting ngainst the Haines Land Bill he now held. He would not (rouble them by reading that speech, but be would only say that he snw no reason why tie land should be monopolised by the squatters. Every one ought to be encouraged to go upoa| the land, as their settlement upon it would be| most advantageous to the country. He b»lieved| that the unpopularity of the Ministry in certala| quarters arose from their desire to give the InniM to the people. With regard to the reform of tbt| Council he was not among these who desired leE see that body abolished. He considered its ex-E Istenco was necessary to tho stability olp any Government, nnd in order -to prt-P vent revolutions. It prevented deinoeracyE pressing too closely upon monarchy, nedlf monarchy from encroaching upon the people.1, Red revolutions were moostrous in ciril-t ised countries. Ho thought, therefore, titS: Upper House ought to be reformed as rcqulrfdK by the altered circumstances of the country. Cir.,; cumstances had greatly altered since the CountiEj was first constituted; property was reduced leRf value fully one-half since 185G, nnd in orditK that the Council should again be, bs he hellcvtdB it was at the beginning, n fair representatiou cf B the property and also of the intellect of tbeE country, it was advisable that the qualification E both of members nnd electors should kE reduced one-half. He did not consider tbitE there was not so much necessity as was generelllP supposed for au alteration in the provinces II Wo required old and experienced statesmen is p our Upper House, such as were in the United E States Senifte, men who had served some time is E the Lower House. Their functions should be Is p sit as a court of review ou the other House, sndip give time for reflection, for to mon of experience 1| and statesmanlike view3 the Assembly would B be likely to pay some deference. The functioned of the Council ought to ho independent of thosK of the Assembly ; the hen. members ought not to W be called on to attend to local matters or eel upon deputations about local wants. In large K constituencies too, the electors were less liable lo K bo influenced by locnl considerations, and mote B likely to choese tho best men. Ho did not ihiolH they would be able to get the power to dissolve Bp the Council, for as he read the act, that would C| have to be obtained from the Imperial ParfyR ment; at least, it would take some time to obteio|p it even In the colony. And for himself, be wouldipj only be disposed to admit it In extreme cssHrlsi such as tho Appropriation Bill being thrown oulKl in two consecutive sessions. It might bo nd-Kj visable to add one member to each of the prcst'B provinces and have one member retire encli Ietr'Kd' but he objected to any change which would ismjj jure the independence and efficacy of the HouttjEj as a permanent branch of the Legislature, respected the tariff) he must say that if he werB| in England, ho would be a free-trader; but &lp; the colony, he thought that a moderate 'sr K would be beneficial. Even England, liowevejE was not a free- trade country. In the article corn alone, a revenue of four millions was ndst- Hp irora import duties. In fact, no country wMj-JK derived its revenue principally from rect taxation could not be fro e-t rale. M Kg meeting of the Social Science Co»g«JEj (of which ho had the honour l ,lp a director), a short time ogo ho was when the question of direct and indirect ,Ej was discussed, and where Odillon Barrot R| ProffiFsor Fawcett spoko. From that dicUf' became to the conclusion that direct W Jpj was not desirable. Only a few inslgpj P t,.,1 adopted free-trade, and though Eng- f'7;od oJ.0rccd greatly within the last ten la Jrt Franco and Austria, two ultra-protcc- ycars, y" . . progressed much more in fonlst cnu n |Tance of England was duo pr0p0rtT li e discovery of gold in Australia and "or nla than to frcc-trado. He did not soy Ca" chould Hko every manufacture to bo . iikhed here. Ho would only encourage f't manufncurea for which we had the re- t»d labour, or of which we had the raw ma- q ! I He wanted tho colonists not to import K'from England, like "the Ghost" that was J it hero some time ago ; but ho preferred !t»t they should get their money's worth for I I, money. The tariff had nothing to do » i tho present high prices ; cattle ji'lc followed a threo years' drought, 1 tho rinderpest and tho bacun dlsonso n Germany prevented us Importing supplies f m Europe. In conclusion, he expressed his willingness to devote his leisure time to the Imice of his country— a country which was beautiful and fertile— which he hoped to sec become more prosperous, with tho yellow corn waving over the whole of it, for it was a land which ought to bo a land of milk and honey. jfr W. 11 on ii proposed u vote of confidence In the' candidate, with whose views on protection, however, he differed, for he considered protection to bo no better than robbery for the benefit of a "Alr. J. A. MAccBEGon'seconded tho motion. jir- j. Waters proposed as an amendment "That no decision be arrived at till the other candidates were heard." -..wniitiMPiit was not seconded, and the Tlie — ' ' original motion was put and agreed to. The proceedings terminated with tho customary vote of thonks to tho chairman. 