THE RYVES CASE. SUBJOINED is an abstract of the proceedings in this extraordinary case, which followed those published by us a few weeks ago. We quote from the Times: — On the case being resumed, on June 2nd, several witnesses were called to prove the birth and position of Dr. Wilmot, and the authen ticity of several certificates signed by him. The petitioners' attorney also produced a portrait of " the Princess Olive," but the Court ruled that it was inadmissible. Dr. Smith said it would prove by the striking likeness Mrs. Serres' con nection with the Royal Family. (A laugh.) It was at any rate moral evidence. —The Lord Chief Baron: As far as I can see, the case of the learned gentleman has not much morality in it.—Dr. Smith hoped that his Lordship would abstain from expressing such an opinion, at all events for the present. When the Court retired for a short time to luncheon, the picture was exhibited to the spectators, and the reporters state that " its striking likeness to George IV. was the subject of general remark." The Attorney-General, on his return, insisted on the portrait being instantly covered up. The whole of the day was occupied in procuring docu mentary evidence in support of the peti tioners' case. At the close of the Court, the further hearing of the case was adjourned to June 6th, during the whole of which day Mr. Netherclift, the expert, was under examination with reference to the genuineness of signatures. The minute particu lars of his evidence could not be made intel ligible in a report without fac similes of the various documents; but its general and distinct purport was that the disputed documents were genuine, judging by comparison with admittedly genuine documents. He stated, in answer to a question from the Lord Chief Justice, that the moral probability or improbability of such men as George 111. and Dunning putting their nvnes to such documents did not enter into his con sideration in forming his judgment. On June 7 the evidence as to the handwriting of the documents produced by the petitioners was continued, and Mr. Netherclift was again put into the box, when he made some rather important admissions. After he had deposed to the genuineness of the signature " J. Dunning," he was shown some papers written by Lord Ashburton, including his will, and he at once re tracted his opinion, stating that he did not think that the documents before the court could have been written by the same person as had written the Attorney-General's specimens. A paper waa put in, whereby Mr. and Mrs. Robert Wilmot acknowledged to have taken the infant child of the Duke of Cumberland, their niece, into their joint pro tection. Comparing this with Mr. and Mrs. Wilmot's signature to the register of their mar riage, he thought it genuine; but on cross examination he admitted that there were only small similarities and great differences. As the case progressed, the signature of Lord Chatham was admitted by Mr. Netherclift to be a forgery. At the conclusion of this witness' evidence on the afternoon of the 7th, Mrs. Byres, the " Princess Olive," was examined. The reporters describe her as a very ladylike person, possess ing features which very strongly resemble the portraits of the last generation of the royal family, and add that she demeans herself with the most remarkable ease and self-possession. She gave her evidence very clearly and firmly, she repeated with emphasis the oath adminis tered to her to tell " nothing but the truth," and in the course of her examination, when a seat was offered her, she said she was not tired, ana she could stand for ever to protect the honor of her family. She was first examined as to her marriage with Mr. Ryves, which she said she had cause to remember. It took place in November, 1822, at St. George the Martyr, Southwark, and she obtained a decree of divorce from him in 1841. She then proved the birth of her son, the other petitioner, at Tauxhall, in March, 1833. In 1859 she presented a petition for a decree declaring the validity of the marriage of her father and mother, and her own legitimacy —not, she said, from any motive of fraud, but to establish those facts. The petition came on for hearing in 1861, the trial lasted four days, and a decree was pronounced in her favor. The Attorney-General was re presented at the hearing by Mr. Webby and Mr. Roche, and did not oppose it. The pro ceedings in this suit were put in evidence. Mrs. Ryves then gave evidence as to her early his tory. She said : " I was born in 1797, and I remember coming to London from Liverpool with my father and mother when I was only two and a half years old. We lived in Harley street, at the British School of Artists, which my father founded. I lived with my father and mother until their separation in 1803, and after that I lived with my mother. I left school at the age of 13." The petitioner's counsel then proposed to examine her respecting some declarations made by Hannah Lightfoot, the alleged wife of George 111., and on the Court objecting that they had no evidence that Hannah Lightfoot was the wife of George 111., two documents professing to be certificates of the marriage were put in, one signed " George R.," the other "George Guelph." The Court, however, declared unanimously their J opinion that these were forgeries, and declined to permit them to be used. The petitioner then went on to narrate, with exceeding particularity, how the Earl of Warwick made known to her the secret of her birth, how her mother sup plied the Earl with means to go to Warwick Castle to hunt up the necessary documents, he being at the time so po# that he could not find the money himself, being often indeed, as Mr. Ryves said, unable to buy a sheet of notepaper, and how the Earl satisfied the Duke of Kent of the royalty of the petitioner's family. "The Duke of Kent," said Mrs. Ryves, " took each of the papers in his hand and examined them, and he expressed himself perfectly satisfied that the signatures of George 111. were in his father's writing. He acknowledged my mother as his cousin. He said that she was Princess Olive of Cumberland, the only legitimate issue of the Duke's marriage, and that for the future, Lord Warwick being in such a state of health that he might die at any moment, he would take on himself the sole protection and guardianship of my mother and me." From the petitioner's further evidence it seemed that the Earl of Warwick was under continual obligations to her mother in pecuniary matters. On the sitting of the Court on the Bth, Mrs. Byres was recalled and her examination re sumed. She repeated in substance her previous evidence, and stated in addition that the Duke of Sussex, as well as the Duke of Kent, acknow ledged the signature of their father to the docu ments now produced. She also mentioned that she and her -mother had frequently received money from the Duke of Kent, and that it was always given by cheque on Coutts' bank. She was then cross-examined at great length by the Attorney-iJeneraL It appeared from her evi dence that her mother, Mrs. Serres, was an astro logist, a ghost-seer, and a literary lady of no small pretensions. She had issued a manifesto to the people of Poland, stating that she had. providentially discovered her descent from the royal family of that country, and calling upon them to invite her to tbe throne. In this paper she stated that her legitimacy as the Duchess of Cumberland had been established by a legal tribunal in England. It appeared further that Mrs. Serres had published a book, in which she claimed the authorship of " Junius" for Dr. Wilmot. It was stated that when a girl she had taken the manuscript out of Dr. Wilmot's library to scribble in, and then, fearing his anger, had secreted the volume, and it h*l re mained in her possession forgotten until it waa accidentally discovered by Mrs. Byres. The cross-examination of the petitioner, which was not finished when the court rose, was re sumed on the morning of the 9th June by the Attorney-GeneraL The memorial of Mrs. Serres to King George IV., in which she claimed to be acknowledged Princess Olire of Cumber land, waa read. It differed in many important respects from the account already given, but the witness said the errors it contained were the errors of Mr. Nugent Bell, the " genealogical counsel," whom her mother had employed. She stated that the Duke of Kent beliered that Mrs. Serres was really legitimate from 1815 to 1818, and tliat somebody having then told him that the marriage of the Duke of Cumberland was nullified by the Royal Marriages Act, he per suaded her that she was illegitimate till Novem ber, 1819, when she was informed by a clergy man that the Act had not been passed till five years after. In the memorial the word " off spring" was Bpelt " orfspring," and that error Mrs. Byres attributed to Mr. Bell; but a birthday ode to the Prince of Wales, which Mrs. Serres had written with her own hand in 1812, was found to contain the following lines:— Hail valued Hoar, orfspring of Heaven's smile, The great and mighty succour of this lale. This eccentric orthography was found in several other autograph papers of Mrs. Serres. The Attorney-General called for the originals of several documents printed in Mrs. Byres' pamphlet relating to the birth and identification of her mother, and other matters, but they were not produced. The learned counsel read some " private and confidential" communications ad dressed by Mr. Bell to Henry Happen, Esq., Under-Secretary of State. In one of them Mr. Bell stated that he had seen certain papers in Mrs. Serres' possession which he believed to be genuine, and unless Her Majesty declared her to be the Princess of Cumberland, within a few hours the papers would be given to the public, and a revolution might be brought about. In another Mr. Bell said he had seen several certificates, the first signed by Dr. Wil mot, stating that his late Majesty George lIL was married at Kew to TT*»"»fth Lightfoot in 1759; the second, signed by "J. Dunning" and " Chatham," stating that his late Majesty was married to Queen Charlotte, after the death of Queen Hannah, in January, 1765, by Dr. Moore; and the third, signed by bis late Ma jesty, declaring William Henry to be his first legitimate son. The witness had heard some rumors about the subject of the second certifi cate, but she had never seen such a paper. She had heard that Dr. Moore was a fnend of Dr. Wilmot. Dr. Frazer, a physician, was then examined, and he stated that when a young man, shortly after he entered the medical profession, he attended upon the late Princess Olive, aa she was then called. He attended her from Feb ruary, 1832, to February, 1834. He was intro duced by Mr. Macaolay, a literary gentleman. He visited her frequently, and talked a great deal with her upon a variety of subjects, in cluding politics and her own affairs, and he never had the least reason to suppose that she was a person of unsound mind. Since that period witness had had considerable experience with regard to insane patients. Mr. A. W. South said he had been acquainted with the late Princess Olive, and had frequently conversed with her relative to the claims she put forward on the subject of her birth. He believed her to Vave been as sound in mind as he was himself. A document was then read by the learned counsel, purporting to be the last will and testa ment of the Earl of Warwick, dated the 22nd June, 1812, in which it was stated that, from the injuries his lordship had received at the hands of his eldest son, he was induced to be queath to Olive, Princess of Cumberland, all his real and personal estate, upon conditions which he was sure she would observe. The Attorney-General said there was also a letter written by Lord Warwick, purporting to give reasons for making this will, and in which it was stated that the letters of "Junius" were written by Dr. Wilmot.—Mrs. Byves believed that she could still propound the will.—At the close of Mrs. Byres' evidence, the will and a Post-office frank of Lord Warwick, and the will of the Duke of Kent, were put in as speci mens for comparison of handwriting, and this concluded the case for the petitioner.—The further hearing was then postponed till June 13, when it was resumed, and the ease for the defence entered upon. The Attorney-General detailed the circum stances connected with the case which he would have to lay before the jury. He alleged that the petitioner's mother was the daughter of Robert Wilmot, and in proof of that he quoted the bond entered into on her marriage, in which she was stated to be the daughter of that gentleman, and also to Dr. Wilmot's will, in which she was left a legacy as his niece, and the daughter of his brother Bobert Wilmot. He could not help bearing in his mind, and of representing it to the jury, that this lady, the petitioner's mother, was of disordered mind. In proof of that he read the singular letters which she addressed to the Prince of Wales, and which he referred to in the cross-examination of the petitioner. These letters ran from 1809 to 1813, and they contained statements of the most extraordinary character, showing that her mind was full from beginning to end of insane delusions. In one of them she offered to lend the Prince of Wales £20,000, provided he would grant her a personal interview even for two hours. This interview she sought in many letters. In others she lamented her poverty, and asked for assist ance. Several of these indicated that she was a great dabbler in astrology. But the most conclusive part of the case was this : —Betw, en the death of the Earl of Warwick, in May, 1816, and the death of George 111., in 1820, the stories she gave of her case were inconsis tent with each other, and totally inconsistent with tbe story which she told in 1821. The first story she published was that she was the illegitimate daughter of the Duke of Cumber land by Mrs. Payne, Tvife of Captain Payne, who had gone abroad and never returned, who was a sister of Dr. Wilmot's. And in several of her letters at the time she stated Dr. Wil mot to be her uncle. That was in May, 1817\. The second story was that sun was a natural daughter of the Duke of Cumber land by a sister of Dr. Wilmot's, a lady of large fortune, whom the duke had seduced under the promise of marriage. Again, in July, 1818, she wrote to the Prince Regent to the effect that she was told by the Earl of Warwick that she was the daughter of the Duke of Cumberland, who gave him £2000 to be paid to her, but which he had spent, and was in consequence- ashamed ' to go to the Prince of Wales and unfold the circumstances of her birth. She, however, re gretted that with the death of the Earl of War wick, in 1816, all evidence of her birth and parentage had been lost. And yet the petitioner now came iota the witness-box and gave a minute detail of the Tints of the Duke of Kent and the Earl of Warwick to her mother in 1815; the production of the paper* which dis closed all the circumstances of her title; while in the letter to the Prince Begent her mother distinctly stated that with the death of the Earl of Warwick she was afraid all trace of her parentage was lost. But then in 1821, when the Duke of Kent and George lIL were dead, she told a different story, and al leged that from documents found in a sealed packet, opened in 1819, she found that she was the daughter of the Duke of Cumberland and his duchess, Olire I Wilmot, a daughter of Dr. Wilmot. There were a great many sealed packets in this case, but certainly this was the most extraordinary ' one. There were several of the documents siid to be produced in 1815, which stated that it waß Dr. Wilmot's daughter who married the Duke of Cumberland ; and if there was truth i in the production of these at that time, she had I no occasion to wait for the opening of the sealed packet in 1819 to inform her of it. If there had been a sealed packet there was no question, from the letters of the petitioner's mother to the Prince Begent, that it was opened long before 1819; at all events, the documents pro duced now could not hare been the same as those in existence then, for in those documents there is no word of Mrs. Payne; and the state ment was plain and distinct that it was Dr. Wilmot's own daughter that he married to the Duke of Cumberland, while the Earl of War wick, in a letter to the Princess, spoke of that Olive Wilmot as her " angelic mother." It was not likely he would have so spoken of Mrs. Payne, a married woman, and it was almost incredible that Dr. Wilmot would have married his sister, a married woman, to the Duke of Cumberland. As to what is said about the Royal Marriage Act, it was out of the question to suppose that the Royal Marriage Act ren dered the marriage null. Then it was said this lady was bound to keep certain matters secret until after the death of George III.; but she had a singular way of keeping that secret, for years before the King's death she was perpetu ally dunning the Prince of Wales with state ments of her case. The learned gentleman re ferred to certain statements made by the Prin cess in her life of Dr. Wilmot, published in 1813, and a vindication of his chum to the title of " Junius," published in 1817, in order to show that she paid considerable attention* to the comparison of handwriting, as evinced in her statements relative to the manuscript of "Junius" in Mr. WoodfalTs possession, and her assertion that no one could compare that manuscript with Dr. Wilmot's handwriting without being satisfied that they were both traced by the same hand. He next alluded to the letter written by Mr. Bell, the legal adviser of the Princess, to the Secretary of State in 1821 in furtherance of her cairn. These he cha racterised as begging letters, and that of the most gross character. There was, in fact, a whole family of such documents, but none of them were now forthcoming. On these documents there were fourteen names which appeared on the papers now relied on, and twelve which did not so appear. The petitioner had now put in evidence seventy-two docu ments. Besides these, ten more had been pro duced from the Treasury. In the memorial of 1821 there were eleven more, the originals of which were not now produced, while in the pamphlet published by the petitioner, there were twenty-six more of which the originals were not produced; altogether the documents mentioned as bearing on the case were over 160, while out of the whole only eighty-two were produced. And what sort of documents were they ? Why, they were such that no ex pert in the world would give evidence of the handwriting from them. With two exceptions they were all written on little scraps and strips of paper, and all without the water marks of date. The learned gentleman was proceeding with his address, when the foreman said he was commissioned by his fellow jurors to express their opinion that there would not be the slightest necessity to call evidence to rebut the ease of the petitioner, for in their unanimous view the documents relied upon by her were spurious. The Chief Justice: In that case you only share the opinion of my learned brethren and myself. We have long felt that every one of these papers is a palpable forgery; nor is there one part of the petitioner's case which agrees with the rest. —Dr. Smith then ad dressed the jury at some length on the part of the petitioner, after which the Chief Justice summed up, and the jury delivered their ver dict, which stripped of technicalities, was this : —That no such marriage as that alleged between the Duke of Cumberland and Olive Wilmot had ever taken place, and that the so called Princess Olive was not their legitimate daughter.—The Attorney-General then asked that the documents might be impounded, and intimated that if the case had gone on he should have been able to prove that Dr. Wil mot was at Oxford at the time of the pre tended marriage in London; and that Lord Warwick before his accession to the title, never signed himself "Brooke," but " GrevMe." The documents were then ordered by the Court to be impounded, and the case con cluded. A MOEHnco paper, in a glowing account of a recent fire, says that owing to the-almost super human effort* of the firemen of the ' paid depart ment,' the fire wai confined to the house. We think that they ought to hare put it out." Tbs Prinoeiß of Wales, at Ascot, wore a blue dress, with a tulle slip, a blue silk jacket, withatulle slip, trimmed with rich white lace, a tulle bonnet, with blue ribbons and blue nemophilas. She carried a bouquet of tea roses in her hand. The Princess Mary wore a dress of lavendar and white stripes, a mantle of llama, bordered with white silk, and trimmed with black lace and black velvet ribbon, and a bonnet of white, delicately bordered with lavender. The statement which recently appeared in a contemporary, announcing the death of Artemus Ward, with his wife and children, from the effect* of a railway collision in a Southern State, is without the slightest foundation. Artemus Ward is not married, he has no children, and he is not in the Southern States. He is at present in the west, making some final arrange ments before risking England. Mobbow is a town of some importance about forty miles from Cincinnati. A new brakesman on the road, who did not know the names of the stations, was approached by a stranger the other day, while standing by bis train at the ' depot, who inquired : " Does this train go to I Morrow to-day?" " No, said the brakesman, who ! thought the stranger was making game of him, < " it goes to-day yesterday week after next." I " You don't understand me," persisted the I stranger. " I want to go to Morrow." Well, why don't you wait till to-morrow, then, and not come bothering around to-day ? Tou can go to- morrow or any other day you please." " Wont ' you answer a civil question civilW? Will this train'go to-day to Morrow?" " Not exactly; it will go to-day and come back to-morrow." As the gentleman who wanted to go to Morrow, was about to leave in disgust, another employee I who knew the station alluded to, came along I and gave him the required information.— Harper's Monthly. ! Miss Florence Nightingale, writing to an Italian gentleman who had solicited her assist ance is forming a staff of Italian nurseß, writes as follows :—" lam a hopeless invalid, entirely a prisoner to my room, and overwhelmed with business. Otherwise, how gladly would I answer to your call, and come to do my little best for you in the dear city where I was born. If the giving my miserable life could hasten your success but by half an hour how gladly would I give it. But you will not want for success, or for martyrs, or for volunteers, or for soldiers. . Our old general, Lord Clyde (he is dead now) was standing at the port of Balaclava when, . eleven years ago, the Italian Bersagliere were landing; and he turned round and said to his companion (a man high in office): ' I wish to hide my face—l blush for ourselves when I see the perfet way in which those glorious troops are brought up to their work.' And what have not the Italians done since, in these eleven years ?—the work almost of eleven centuries. I, too, remember the Italian (Sardinian) hospitals on the heights of Balaclava, and their admirable government, and since then what has not the progress been ?" 