WALLAROO: SATURDAY, MARCH 24. The progress of mining in South Aus tralia in general; and on Yoorke's Penin sula in particular, is on the whole very satisfactory. The great mines are increas ing their yield of ore, and as the workings are extended, more and more mineral riches are exposed to view. We should suppose that the Moonta Mine is turn ing out 2500 tons of ore monthly and the Wallaroo 2000 tons. The Yelta, Karka rilla, and New Cornwall are probably raising nearly 350 tons a month. The prospects of some of the other mines are also tolerably good, especially of the Wheal Hughes. At present the North Wandilta and South Wallaroo Mines are not in the most satisfactory position, but the country at the former is very " con genial for copper," and but for the recent ihflux of water, it is probable a good course of ore would have been cut in the lode. There is some little improvement in the prospects of the South Wallaroo Mine, where there are two or three ore bearing veins in a fine wide lode ; and a valuable discovery may be made at any time if the workings are carried on in a proper manner- In fact, the opinion of persons qualified to judge, with reference to both these mines, is, that there is every probability of their turning out well if they are worked with spirit. We believe the cap of the lode has been found on the Poona claims, but it will probably be some time before any course of ore is met with, as the ore generally lies ten or twelve fathoms down in that locality. We publish elsewhere an interesting account of a trip to the mines near Franklin Harbour, kindly supplied us by a gentleman who has had considerable experience in mining matters. At present the great obstacle to mining in that district appears to be the hard nature of the ground; but notwithstanding this, the extent of country over which mineral has been found, on the other side the Gulf, renders it desirable that a fair trial should be given. "We are glad to see that two or three parties are entering into the enterprise with energy, and. before three months - have elapsed, we hope to hear something decisive as to the prospects for future working. It is not improbable that attention being now directed to the country about Franklin Harbour other discoveries besides those pf copper may be made In connection with the subject of mineral discovery we must not omit to mention that of mineral caoutchoue exuding from the ground and from which petroleum can be extracted. This proves the existence of the " ile springs" in South Australia and is likely to be of great importance to the colony. It generally happens that when a discovery of anything new is made in one locality, it is followed by similar - discoveries else where, and we should not be surprised if this were to be the case in reference to petroleum. Some years since we heard of a resinous or bituminous substance having been found exuding from fissures in rocks near the Murray ; and Mr Tolmer has found something like petroleum on Kangaroo Isand. Might it not be worth while again to test the supposed coal dis covery in Hindmarsh Island, with the view of ascertaining Whether petroleum could be exttacted from the bituminous substances found there ? We must not close an article on our mines and mineral discoveries without a few words respecting the auriferous quartz reefs in the Tungkillo and other districts. Our conviction for years past has been that quartz reefs would eventually be profitably worked in this colony. There are, many districts besides Tungkillo where excellent prospects of gold have been washed out of alluvial soil, and in every case we believe quartz reefs are to be found in the neighbourhood. We confess to a feeing of disappointment that we have not yet heard of any impor tant results from the recent discoveries, but we presume more time than we expeeted would be required, has been spent in preliminary arrangements. We are not aware that any machinery has yet been imported for crushing the quartz, but we hope it will soon arrive.. We wonder nothing is being done with tbe old Adelaide Mine, near the Monta cute, as gold was found there at the rate of several ounces to the ton of stuff. There appears to be a strange apathy, in. South Australia about the working of gold deposits ; but when once a successful commencement is made with the quartz crushers and good results are obtained, we should hope to see this apathy give place to the greatest energy. We look upon auriferous quartz mining as a very different and superior kind of gold mining to alluvial digging, and one likely to be far more beneficial to the country both in a commercial and moral point of view. We are, therefore anxious to see the quartz reefs turn out well. We beg to remind our readers that the English Mail will close in this township on Sunday night, or before 5 a.m. on Monday morning ; at Kadina, 5.30 a.m. and at Moonta, at 4 a.m. A dreadful accident occurred at the Matta Mine on Friday morning to a man named William Hocking. He was working underground with two other men, about 10 a.m. when a quantify of earth fell on him, and nearly killed him. We are informed that his back and thighs are broken, and he has besides sustained severe internal injuries. Dr Chambers who attended him entertained no hope of his recovery,and said 'it was impossible he could live thro the night. A dav or two since a horse walked into Mi ff aselgrove's new billiard-room, .laid himself down, and quietly gave up the ghost. The worthy host was rather mortified by the strange liberty which the poor brute had taken, seeing that to prevent further mortification he had to ;pay for hauling away the carcass. On Thursday a notice was af&xedat; the Moonta Mines office, intimating that the cartage of copper ore from the mine to Wallaroo would, be stopped until further notice. This will have the effect of throwing about forty teams out of employment. Teams taking, hay to the mine Wallaroo will be girgn. lading-to return, with. Immense heaps of Moonta ore have accum ulated alongside theRtiilaray in: this township. This ", may have h^ M^etiiing to do with tlie. ri.*#• -Ch $fcwpf&yppB;^ :in February last , persohin !Nairne. Wehayebeeniiifo^^ . the Jfiife^wliich vas not - yet reaeheditsdestanation;; Q3ils ;8hDtdd operate * J as a -warning against the too commcm practice of ■" sending money in unregistered letters; It will be seen on reference tp por shipping. eolumnB thatore from the Karkarilla again finds - its way to Wallaroo for shipment to Adelaide# 3$ie shipping of ore at Mcfonta Bay is at present attended with so much delay and other incpriyemj. ^ , ences, that until a jetty is ereeted. t3iere the «re - from all the mines in the Moonta district 'Will pro bably be sent to Wallaroo for shipment. -y -t ' It is g@aera.lly understood that the whole of the Ministry will place their resignation :in £Q» . Excellency's hands on Monday next, lhe Ghi©F>i Secretary being about to sail for England by Chip ; mail steamer on Tuesday. The hon. gentleman # has invited the members of both Houses ojf Parlia ment to dinner on Friday next; and we believe ; that his present colleagues are to give him a" farewell breakfast at the Port on Tuesday mormiigl; ~ The party will probably be a large one, comprising , many of the highest colonial officials.—j ? The Talbot Leader understands that, a most extensive religious revival is now taking place Clunes, owing to the sermonsdelivered by a local . preacher of the name of Burnett. Thegentleman: in question, without pretending to be a great;" theologian, has long been connected with th e . Wesleyan Church, and has attracted hundreds pf. people to the church, especially during the lasts? few weeks. The revival is said to be so deep and earnest that one or two hotelkeepers have closed their houses, and a large number of the most untameable spirits have abandoned -their former - bad habits and become converts to the- faith after listening to Mr Burnett's pious exhortations* For several weeks past the church has rarely been closed on a Sunday night before. 12 o'clock, o^ing to the number and length of a prayer-meeting. Early on Thursday morning, the Bingo engine?- k house was discovered to be on fire- The Bingo,, it will |>e remembered, ceased working some months since, so that there was nobody in charge?, of the place. The building was composed of", wood, and in a short time it was burnt to flift : ground. Thie fire was observed by Captain East^' of the New Cornwall, and he-with somemenraik to the spot, but they were unable to .check the flames. There was no water at hand, and even, if there had been a plentiful supply it would have been of little use. The engine is comparatively uninjured. The timber-work of the shaft 'was-, bunpfig "'thifjughout yesterday. The damage estimated at £100. On Thursday morning it waa , generally supposed that the fire must have been: '; the work of an incendiary, but facte that suBse-" ; quently transpired tended to show that it was the' result of accident. It appeared that on the day * before some men from the New Cornwall went to., the Bingoengine-houee to procure a. piece of piping;. which was required by Captain East, ana which he had obtained permission to take. The joints of the piping was filled with lead, and a firfe "was.* kindled to effect their separation^ It is, tterer, fore, quite possible, to say the least, that thsiy burning of the engine-house may have accident: dentally been caused through the fire made byjthd : men not having been wholly extinguished.. ' enquiry into the circumstances connected * the matter took place yesterday at Kadifta, belbi^ Mr Shepherdson and a respectable jujy. Br I. Horton, and Mr Or. F. Moonta, have been appoint^ Justi^s bf ^fl#^ Peace. Dr Hortori, we ohserve, hasbei®-^ pointed surgeon to the Loyal Angaston. .. r _ _ The public generally will no doubt bepleased to1 learn that Messrs Dean and- Laughtan have ^t)iiii ' meneed a series of sales of dottle and sheep; '1 held in this district. By this | shall probably be enabled to procure befcfcer ^and i cheaper meat than we have had of late. , The first - sale took place yesterday—Mf Xiaughton beingthe salesman—at the yards of Mr D. Thomaa, TTaiitwo Good prices were realised. The next, sale—due - notice of the particulars of which' will -be given* In ^ the Times—will t&e.Vplqce.;'ia abjdufc a fortnight"V hence.. , ' We understand that a prospectus.is abouttobe ? issued for procuring the means of building a jetty at Moonta. It is proposed to raise £5000 ' in shares of £5 each. I , MrD. Thomas, who returned from England a few days Bmce, has brought with him three linfe" dogs—two greyhounds and - one staghound. * took oh board ship a number of English ai^qg 1 birds, butmost of these have unfortunately.^!^'^ loBt. A. blackbird, which, fre brought withhim,;. to Wallaroo, made his escape > and has sin6e3)eeii* heard singing near the Wallarofo Mines. <• Tjfc&ej;^ or four residentsat Kudum Went-to'th^" whei| the bird had,been heard, to endea capture to- They saw the bird but were^|^|au to catch him—probably b€wa^.thpyjbsdlpS®^b|^ the Bait, indiBpeusible on such, occasions, / -TIiji 4 aop,^^len^ <x>ntoar. i><pne: of the dogs was famous in England as & ^tirser,havingwou the Croome PaA Stakes, in Wore^teraliire, land thfel2T©3^<»l<3apin 1864. MrThomas;had yeiy nearly taken Ms passage in the iU-|ated London. He had intended proceeding in her, but in consequence of his not being able/ to j come . to -a satisfactory arrangement with the butcher of the vessel, relative to the feeding of the dogs; he topk his passage in another vessel. 