ANGLING. How I 'Won My 'Wager. Tfrbm Baihj'i Magazine.] How well I remember my first visit in the bright days of youth — that happy far-off season — when tho fields were more green, and the sun moro bright than they have ever been since. Ah me ! how well I remember. 'All times, when old, arc good.' So, at least, Bang tho great poet, whose pas sionate lines filled tho boys of my generation with a delicious misanthropy, turned down their shirt-collars, and would havo made them lame had the spell been a trifle stronger. Nor can wo doubt the bard uttered a' truth, which to-day finds an echo in the hearts of thousands whoso beards are growing frosty, and which will still bo quoted so long as men havo memory and affections. Yes, old times are good: Ithinksonow. I thought so then, when, with my mother's kiss on my cheek, I mounted tho roof of her Majesty's mail, and set out on my first journey. My uncle, to whose care I was consigned, was a Welsh squire of tho old school. Hos pitable, joyous, irascible, with a pedigree that reached back to tho Cambrian gods and goddesses — if there ever wore any — he loved ho echo of his gun and the music of bis hounds better than, any other sound in art or nature Perhaps his house was not just the place to which you or I should now send our boys. It waa a carelet* kind of bachelor establishment, M-liom Rtrnnir drink and stronL' lancruaco were common; where practical joking and con viviality occasionally bordered on licenso; but then, also, there was an honest, manly, independent spirit about tho premises, whose influence went far to redeem follies arising from rude health and exuberant cheerful ness. Travelling waa slow in thoso days, and tho sun of a September morning was begin ning to warm my limbs back into life, wiien tho reeking team was pulled up at tho door of a small wayside public amongst the Merionethshire mountains, where a vehicle, cross-bred between a gig and a dogcart, awaited me. At eighteen wo aro Bcldom disposed to question anything that promises novelty or amusement, so I mounted beside tho driver, who might havo filled any office in my uncle's queer m6nage, from huntsman to valet, and was_ soon in full gossip about dogs, guns, partridges, and tho like. I can sco tho old nouao now, perched on a low hill, which rose from tho edgo of a groat ugly common, fringed with rushes and dotted with numberless pools. That mansion of the Cadwalladers was very much tho tforso for wear. It had been doing battle- with tho wind and rain for many a century, and seemed to have come off second best, still, liko Sir Toby's boots, it was good enough to urinK in ; 11 saiiBueu mu owner, anu _ uu uuu else had any right to find fault with it Hard living yet maintained its ground in Merioneth ; so by tho timo dinnor waB over, I was in a fit state to talk any reasonable amount of nonsense ' Could I ride ?' ' Well, a little.' I felt ashamed to coufess that my experience of tho noblo art of horse manship had been limited to half a dozen Bly mounts when atschool. ' Could I shoot '(' 'Thero was nodoubtonthatpoint 'But can you fish, youngster T' said a small, handsomo gentleman, a permanent inmate of my uncle's home. ' ' As well as any man in England.' 'Ah 1 but not in Wales,' parenthotically observed l'ami de lainaison, 'and I'll bet you five pounds I beat you to-morrow by a score.' ? Forgiveness is a Christian virtue, and long sinoe it has been exercisod towards tho con spirators who dosed mo with brandy to create a fever, sent mo to sleep in a haunted chamber, pilfered tho top joint of my rod, in expectation the loss would only bo discovered at tho water side, and drove a nail into tho heel of my boot I shall not readily forget that first night at 'the castlo.' AYhat a dismal practical joko it would havo been to call tho timo that then intervene! botwecn darkness and light, a period of rest Rest I ' why any numbor of grimalkins would have been eaten alivo by thoso rats, who de voured tho candle- as soon as extinguished ; gnawed* my card-case j finished a enko of brown Wiudsor; and by thoir fightings, frolickings, and aboiuiuablo goings on, kept mo awako and in inorlul terror through tho livo- long night. Had a legion of ghosts drawn back my curtains at 'the witching hour,' I could not havo risen moro palo and thorouglily upset than I did on tho morning of tho eventful day. Tho terms of our wager were precise. We wero to walk together to tho rivor, each tako a side oppouite to tho other, and return befojro five 0 clock, when tho greater weight was to win. Tho stream — a wrotohed littlo brook — lay about a quarter of a milo from my uncle's place. I know nothing of tho water or tho geography. My nuta gonist was at homo, ana soon commenced operations with the energy of CO Waltons Tolled into one. If he reckoned on my hav ing to return in quest of the stolen £oj-- be was disappointed, as a spare one was con tained in the hollow butt and I, too, waa soon threshing away. With a tolerable io.ea of the business in hand, it was soon appiren-t that my book did not hold a fly -vorth a farthing, and it was maddening to find that the little gentleman had mounted the exact thing, and was proceeding at a rate that placed my bet every moment in greater peril. To gather a couple of the delicate insects that fluttered over the surface was hardly the work of an instant nor did it take much time to copy them, yet the task occupied suf ficient space to enable my active friend to pass out of sight With a perfect consciousness of having been out-generaled, 1 resolved to make' a fight for my credit The fish were small and scarce, yet every now and then a bright and spotted creature was added to the basket Difficulties soon presented themselves. There was nothng that resembled a path, and the fences were numerous and very stiff, as my tattered nether garments testified. Pre sently the Etream dived into an alder cover, and not knowing the country, and fearing to lose my way, I waa bound to follow it I havo seen some wet woods in my time, but one so thick and rot ten as this never camp in my way. The Dismal Swamp 'was a joke to it At each step I sank nearly to my knees in the black and treacherous peat But all earthly things come to an end, and so, at hist, did thia detestable wood, and then it appeared how completely I had been victimised. Close at hand was as lovely 0 trout stream 'as man ever threw a fly on ; tho ono where so much time and broadcloth had been wasted, proved only a tributary ; a kind of aqueous trap. That tho main river was full of fish became inBtantly apparent 1 was done, very brown indeed, and would havo cheerfully paid a pound to bo quit of my wager. No doubt my antagonist had made ample use of his oppor tunity, and waa winning nia bet easily ; still tht water looked so tempting, that I worked steadily on, for the mere lovo of sport Whilst thus agreeably occupied, a deep muttering sound was frequently audible. Could it bo diBtant thunder ? Tho air never elt more free from an overcharge of electric matter, and the sky seemed an arch, che quered with sapphire and silver. There, again 1 It mutt be thunder. As the trout, however, did not sympathise with the atmos pheric disturbance, I thought no more of it, and went on with my work. Moving down the stream, I began to think the sounds which had previously attracted my attention might possibly proceed from somu bull in a bad temper, and not being partial to these animalB when in a_ state of nervous excite ment, paused to inquire his whereabouts. Suddenly a wild shout burst on my bar. ' Halloa 1 where the deuce are you ? Ah ! you infernal brute. Halloa ! help I hallo — 0 — 0 — o — o P' Flinging dasvn tho rod, and slipping tho creel from my back, I dashed on, took a rasping fence in a style that would havo done credit to the best hunter in my uncle's stalls, and then was on the scene of action. On either side of tho river lay a large meadow, and within twenty yard* of .the opjxwite bank was a tall furze bush, covering, pro bably, a space of fifteen or sixteen square feet, before which stood a ball, with his tail in tho air, and his head bent down, as it leaking for something that ho had lost, the nuzzled savage all the while growling liko a bear. On one of his horns bung the cover of a basket ; on tho dinted tun, scattered and mashed, lay membra diyectd of at least two score of trout, whilst the summer breeze played with a hundred shreds, and fibres of willow twies which muat recently have formed tho creel of my ill-starred opponent But where was ho? Had this ferocious monster not only killed, but eaten him, body and breeches ? There was somo comfort in the reflection that, in Wales, carnivorte were rare, and that even in the Principality, pro bably, bulls, when theyslew, did not devour ; but where could tho remains of tho unhappy gentleman bo? I certainly deemed it im irobablo they were deposited in that hairy, bellowing sarcophagus. But what had be come of the body 1 Moving slily and stealthily round the gorsc, tho animal suddenly executed a charge that for rapidity and fury, would havo been creditable to Bayard or Orlando. 'Oh! ahl Thero you arc at last Pretty treatment this 1 I've been dodging back wards and forwards, hallooing for on hour, and thought you meant to leave me hero to be murdered. Quick, now you are come. Cut down one of those ash poles, and shy it over to mo tho next timo I como round. We'll soon show you something you don't expect' — to bos furiosos, who had. just de livered another unsuccessful usault Liko an insane, gorilla, 1 tore and hacked at a sapling oa thick as my wrist, and somo twelve or thirteen feet, and at last succeeded hi getting it down. ' Tako it easy— take it easy, or you'll spoil tho whole.' My cora pauion was as cool as a cucumber, whilst crouching for a moment under his side of tho furze. 'Trim it neatly, whatever you do; Now — now !' Almost whilst speaking tho weapon was in the grasp of tho gallant little Welshman, who, Dy a rapid flank movement, gained tho open. With a yell and a roar the infuriated brute rushed on. Promptly tho activo matador slipped aside, and delivered a thundering blow right on tho face of the enemy. Furiously raged the conflict. Charge succeeded charge with breathless rapidity ; but victory, however, soon began to declaro for tho biped. Blind and groggy, Bully's rushes grow moro feeblo and less truly directed, and now that downright blow ' has Btretchcd him on tho plain.' Enough had been douo for security, but not for rovenge. The victor's blood was .fairly roused, and mounting the back of his prostrate foe, ho administered such a thrash ing as was nover bofore endured, or Bubso nimnt.lv ^vifnnoHpri Wifli flin nnln Imf 4-lita timo reduced to the length of a policeman's truncheon, Taffy gavo Mr. Bull a poko in a very tender par£ and hurling the short staff at his head — by way of a parting benediction —mildly remarked, ' You'll remember mo.' ' you did itbcautifully,'Isaid,ashecrosscd tho stream. '?Pretty well, and thero goes tho first dinner belL Como along ; I never was so ravenous.' Over our dessert tho story wob told. T,ho contents of my creel had formed tho first course, and tho reality of tho morning's por formauco had been thus pleasantly demon strated, whilst l'ami de la uiatson had motliitig but his laurels to show. Beaten by stratagem — vanquished by skill — victorious by accident — I listened to tho tale, and silently quailed a gloss to tlio health of my four-footed ally, through whoso vigorous and well-timed intervention I waa alono enabled to win my wager, CANINE.— Dick Banker's Challenge Collar. — Tho final match for tho Challenge Collar took plnco on Monday ovening between tho holder, Mr. Atkinson's Venom, and Mr. Chcthall's black .uul tan dog Misky, Tho black and tun killed first, taking 4 min. and 40 uec, to accomplish his task, nine rats ; Vonom killed in good stylo eleven rats in 1 min. 44 sec, having 2 min. 50 sec to sjmre. Mr. Wilton, after tho abovo, challenged Venom, and a matoh was made, for £a a aide, to como off 011 Monday oveuing, 13th AugUBt 