VENICE. [FROM VENETIAN LIFE. BY W. 1). HOWELLS] I INSTEAD, therefore, of finding that public gaiety and private hospitality in Venice for which the city was once famous, the stranger finds himself planted between two hostile camps, and merely the choice of sides open to him. Neutrality is solitude in Venice and friendship with neither party ; society is exclusive association with the Austrians or with the Italians. The latter do not spare one of their own number if he con- sorts with their masters, and though an alien might expect greater allowance, it is never shown to him. There are all degrees of fine- ness in Venetian hatred, and after hearing certain persons pour out the gall of bitter- ness upon the Austrians, you may chance to hear these persons spoken of as tepid in their patriotism by yet more fiery haters. To be seen in the company of officers in enmity to Venetian freedom, and in the case of Italians it is treason to country and to race. Of course, in a city where there is a large garrison, and a great many officers who have nothing else to do, there is inevitably some international love making, although the Austrian officers are rigidly excluded from association with the citizens. But the Italian who marries an Austrian severs the dearest ties that bound her to life, and remains an exile in the heart of her country. Her friends mercilessly cast her off, as they cast off everybody who consorts with the dominant race. In rare cases I have known . Italians to receive foreigners who had Austrian friends, but this with the explicit understanding that there was to be no sign of recognition if they met them in the company of these detested acquaintance. Yet it must not be supposed that the Italians hate the Austrians as individuals. On the contrary, they have rather a liking for them rather a contemptuous liking, for they think them somewhat slow and dull-witted and individually the Austrians are amiable people, and try not to give offence. The Government is also very strict in its control of the military. I have never seen the slightest affront offered by a soldier to the citizen and so there is no personal ill-will engendered. The Austrians are simply hated as the means by which an alien and despotic government is imposed upon a people believing themselves born for freedom and independence. This hatred, then, is a feeling purely political, and there is political machinery by which it is kept in a state of perpetual tension. The Comitato Veneto is a body of Venetians residing abroad and within the province, who have charge of the Italian interests, and who work in every way to promote the union of Venice with the dominions of Victor Emmanuel. They live for the most part in Venice, where they have a secret press for the publication of their addresses and pro- clamations, and where they remain unknown to the police, upon whose spies they maintain an espionage On every occasion of interest, the committee is sure to make its presence felt and from time to time persons find themselves in the possession of its printed circulars, stamped with the committee's seal ; but no one knows how or whence they came, Constant arrests of suspected persons are made, but no member of the committee has yet been identified, and it is said that the mysterious body has its agents in every department of the Government, who keep it informed of inimical action. The functions of the committee are multiplied and various. It takes care that on all patriotic anniversaries, (such as that of the establishment of the republic in 1848, and that of the union of the Italian States under Victor Emmanuel in 1860,) salutes shall be fired in Venice, and a proper number of red, white, and green lights displayed. It describes revolutionary sentiments on the walls, and all attempts on the part of the Austrians to revive popular festivities are frustrated by the committee, which causes petards to be exploded in the Place of St. Mark, and on the different promenades. Even the churches are not exempt from these demonstrations : I was present at the Te Dcura performed on the Emperor's birthday, in St. Mark's, when the moment of elevating the host was signalised by the bursting of a period in the centre of the cathedral. All this, which seems of question- able utility, and worse than questionable taste, is approved by the fiercer of the TMianissimi, and though possibly the strictness of the patriotic discipline in which the members of the som mittee keep their fellow-citizens may gain some of them, yet any public demonstration of content, such as going to the opera, or to the Piazza while the Austrian band plays, is followed by a warning from the committee for its discontinuance. It is, of course, the committee's business to keep the world informed of public feeling in Venice, and of each new act of Austrian severity. Its members are stern, inflexible men, whose ability has been as frequently manifested as their patriotism. The Venetians are now, therefore, a nation in mourning, and have, as I said, disused all their former pleasures nn/J merry-making. Every class, except a small part of the resident titled nobility (a great part is in either forced or Voluntary exile), seems to be comprehended by this feeling of despondency and suspense. The poor of the city formerly found their respite and diversion in the numerous holidays which fell in different parts of the year, and which, though religious in their general character, were still inseparably bound up in their origin with ideas of patriotism and national glory. Such of these holidays as related to the victories and pride of the republic naturally ended with her fall. Many others, however, survived this event in all their splendour, but there is now not one celebrated as in other days. It is true that the churches still parade their pumps in the Piazza on the day of Corpus Christi ; it is true that the bridges of boats are still built across the Canalazzo to the church of our Lady of Health, and across the canal of the Giudecca to the Temple of the Redeemer, OB the respective festivals of these churches ; but the concourse is always meagre, and the mirth is forced and ghastly. The Italianissimi have so far imbued the people with their own ideas and feelings, that the recurrence of the famous holidays merely awakens them to lamentations over the past and vague longings for the future. As for the Venetian Carnival which once lasted six months of the year, charming hither all the idlers of the world by its peculiar splendour and variety of pleasure, it does not, as I said at first, any longer exist. It is dead, and its shabby, wretched ghost, is a party of facchini, hideously dressed out with masks and horns and women's habits, who go from shop to shop droning forth a stupid song, and levying tribute upon the shopkeepers. The crowd through which these melancholy jesters pass regards them with a pensive scorn, and goes about its business tempted by the delights of the Carnival. All other social amusements in Venice have shared in greater or less degree the fate of the Carnival. At some houses con- versazione are still held, and it is impossible that balls and parties should not now and then be given. But the greater number of the nobles and the richer of the professional classes lead for the most part a life of listless seclusion, and attempts to lighten the general gloom and heaviness are not looked upon with favour in Venice. By no sort of chance are Austrians, or friends of Austrians, invited to participate in the pleasures of Venetian society. As the social life of Italy, and especially of Venice, was in great part to be once enjoyed at the theatres, the cajf'c, and the other places of public resort, so is its absence now to be chiefly noted in those places. No Venetian lady of perfect standing among her people goes to the opera, and the men never go in the boxes ; but if they frequent the theatre at all, they take places in the pit, in order that the house may wear as empty and dispirited a look as possible. Occasionally a bomb is exploded in the theatre, as a note of reminder, and as a means of keeping away such of the nobles as are not enemies of the Government. As it is less easy for the Austrians to participate in the diversion of a comedy, it is a less offence to attend the comedy, though even this is not good Italianissimism. In regard to the cafe, there is a perfectly understood system by which the Austrians go to one, and the Italians to another and Florian's; in the Piazza, seems to be the only common ground in the city on which the hostile forces consent to meet. This is because it is thronged with foreigners of all nations, and demonstration of any kind is impossible there. But the other cities in the Piazza do not enjoy Florian's cosmopolitan immunity, and nothing would create more wonder in Venice than to see an Austrian officer at the Speech, unless, indeed, it were the presence of a good Italian at the Quadri. It is in the Piazza that the tacit demonstration of hatred and discontent chiefly takes place. Here, thrice a week, in winter and summer, the military band plays that exquisite music for which the Austrians are famous. The selections are usually from Italian operas, and the attraction is the hardest of all others for the music-loving Italian to resist. But he does resist it. There are some noble ladies who have not entered the Piazza while the band was playing there, since the fall of the Republic of 1849 and none of good standing for patriotism has attended the concerts since the treaty of Villafranca in '52. Until very lately, the promenaders in the Piazza have been exclusively foreigners, or else the families of such employés of the Government as were obliged to show themselves there. Last summer, before the Franco-Italian convention for the evacuation of Rome had revived the drooping hopes of the Venetians, they had begun visibly- to falter in their long endurance. But this was, after all, only in a slight degree. As a general thing, they pass off from the Piazza when the music begins, and walk upon the long delay at the sea-side of the Ducal Palace ; or if they remain in the Piazza, they pace up and down under the arcades on either side for Venetian patriotism makes a delicate distinction between listening to the Austrian band in the Piazza and hearing it under the Precuratie, forbidding the first and permitting the last. As soon as the music ceases, the Austrians disappear, and the Italians return to the Square. But since the catalogue of Venetian demonstration;: cannot be made full, it need not be made any longer. The political feeling in Venice affects her prosperity in a far greater degree than may appear to those who do not understand how great an income the city formerly derived from making merry. The poor have to lament not merely the loss of their holidays, but also of the fat employments and bountiful largess which these occasions threw into their hands. With the exile of the seclusion of the richer families, and the reluctance of foreigners to make a residence of the gloomy and dejected city, the trade of the shopkeepers has fallen off; the larger commerce of the place has also lan- guished and dwindled year by year ; while the cost of living has constantly increased, and heavier burdens of taxation have been laid upon the impoverished and despondent people. And in all this, Venice is but a type of the whole province of Venetia. The alien life which exists in the city is scarcely worth noting. The Austrians have a cast 710, and they give balls and parties, and now and then make some public manifestation of gaiety. But they detest Venice as a place of residence, being naturally averse to living in the midst of a people who shun them like a pestilence. The other foreigners who come to Venice are obliged to take sides for or against the Vene- tians, and it is amusing enough to find the few English residents here divided into Austriacauti and Italianissimi. Even the consuls of the different nations, who are in every way bound to neutrality and indifference, are properly reputed to be of one party or the other; and my predecessor, whose unhappy knowledge of "German threw him on his arrival among people of that race, was always regarded as the enemy of Venetian freedom, though I believe his prin- cities were of the most vivid republican tint, in the United States. The prose the situation has now endured five years, with only slight modifications by time, and only faint murmurs from some of the more impatient, that brings, una volta o taldra, romper ii chiodo. As the Venetians are a people of indomitable perseverance, long schooled to obstinacy by oppression, I suppose they will hold out till their union with the kingdom of Italy. They can do nothing of themselves, but they seem content to wait for ever in their present gloom. How deeply their attitude affects their national character I shall inquire hereafter, when I come to look somewhat more closely at the spirit of their demonstration. For the present it is certain that the discontent of the people has its peculiar effect upon the city as the stranger sees its life, cast- ing n glamour over it all, making it more and more ghostly and sad, and giving it a pathetic charm which I would fain transfer to my pages ; but failing that, would pray the render to remember as a fact, to which I must be faithful in all my descriptions of Venice. Moss OF FASTENING DUIVINO TIRES WITHOUT HEATING. The American Railway Time says, " The wheels are of cast iron, cast with dovetailed recesses on the outer rim, and the wire is turned out so as to slip easily over the whole. After the wheels are fastened on the axle, the fire is let down over the wheel, and a quantity of wooden blocks about three inches wide, one-ond-half-inch three, and a little longer than the width of the tire, are placed in the recesses between the wheel and tire, and driven down carefully by a sledge hammer until the requisite strain is attained. These wooden blocks are made of thoroughly seasoned walnut or elm. When once driven home they are said to hold the tire so firmly in place that there is no necessity of otherwise securing it, though there is no objection to other fastening if it is desired. The time occupied in putting on one of these tires is about twenty minutes, and only three men are required to do the entire work. All tires on the Boston and Providence road have thus been fastened for the year past. Either steel or iron tires can be thus treated, and Mr. Griggs has both kinds running, which were put on in the same way." 