SKETCHES FROM REAL LIFE. BY OLD BOOMERANG. INFLUENZA. SCENE: King-street corner, on a drizzling day. Two friends (Minton and Timmins) meet, and shake hands; they are both suflering from the prevailing epidemic, Minton: Good bordig, Bister Tibbids! How are you? I thought you were off to Boretod Bay—ha teez—ha teez! (sneezes.) Timmins : How are you, Bidtod? Dasty bordid, this. I've bid laid up with this codfouded idfluedza, ad bissed the steaber. How is bissis Bidtod, and Biss Baria? hateezer! ha teezem! (sneezes violently.) Minton: They are all very bad ad hobe. By the bye, Tibbids, what rebedy do you use for this epidebic? Timmins: Why, by bedical bad gave be sobe dasty bixture; I dod't dow what it is bade of, but I thik it has dode be good. Whighezm! her teezum! Minton: You bust have bid precious bad, thed, if the bedicine has dode you ady good at all; for you — pardod me—you look just dow like a frost-bitted ghost. But dod't stadd there id the raid, Tibbids. Cobe with be to the Betropolitad Hotel, add have a basid of buttod broth. * * * * * If the above brief colloquy has the least resemblance to a joke, it is a very grim one, and thousands of folks in Sydney will confess that the influenza is as foreign to fun as a fly in your eye or a splinter up your thumb-nail. Its peculiar effect upon the powers of speech of its victims is well understood, though that is the least distressing symptom of the malady, which oppresses both body and mind in a manner which no pen in the world could describe. I was recently in company with a gentleman, whose brain contains perhaps as extensive a variety of lore as any cranium in the land, and while trying to indite an ordinary letter, he passed his hand across his capacious brow, and confessed "that he had the greatest diffi- culty in drawing a single rational idea from his bemuddled organs." While afterwards reflecting on that admission of a great mind, I was constrained to sympathise with all those persons whose professions demand the constant exercise of their intellect; and as I did so I wondered how far that fellow-feeling was general. How many readers of the morning papers would soften their criticisms, in these suffering times, if they missed the usual force, sparkle, and point in the leading columns; and how many would sigh commiseratingly over the probability of those ideas having flowed from the aching brains of the writers as vapidly as mouldy ink from a rusty pen? How many persons in that sneez- ing congregation, yesterday, pitied the poor suffering parson in the pulpit, as he laboured to make his misty syllogisms as clear as sunlight. How many conside- rate souls sympathised with their worthy pastor's swollen nose, and awed down their smirks when he called "Moses" Boses, or when he languidly told them "to udite id siggig the didty- didth psalb." And what proportion of the hearers went home com- plaining that the sermon was "not up to the mark," compared with those who generously reflected how arduously their dispirited minister had toiled, for the last few days, to urge his flagging brain to its duties, and to think out that forty- five minutes sermon. Then again, I wondered if sympathy was active enough in mercantile circles? Whether that mer- chant would pardon his sneezing clerk, for making a few blunders in that complicated account-current? and whether that master draper, (who was rather cross because customers had been scarce lately,) would debit Influenza with the failure of his shivering shop- man to persuade that strong-minded old lady to buy a "shepherd's plaid scarf," instead of a "M'Gregor tartan shawl," which was not in their stock? I thought a little too, about milliners' girls, and hard- working girls in general; many of whom have to please ill and irritable mistresses, and to look plea- santly at troublesome customers, while the tips of their interesting little noses look as mottled as blighted mazarine cherries. Then I began to com- miserate schoolmasters and mistresses, and to wonder how they preserved their patience, amidst their hosts of little snifflers: but I suddenly remembered that it was holiday season, and that all those hard-toiling ladies and gentlemen would probably be in bed; so I began to envy them, until I was seized with a fit of sneezing, which made me forget everything but my own discomfort, and created a mental uneasiness lest I should sneeze my hat off into the muddy street, and have a long chase after it; for the wind was gusty, and running after my hat is an exercise that l am not at all partial to. During one of the brief intervals of sunshine, last week, I ventured out of doors again, for an hour— muffled up to the nose like a Norway skipper—and in that short time I saw enough to keep my sympathies in exercise to the present moment. Of course I con- doled with the two unlucky ladies, who slipped down, opposite to the celebrated Doctor's door, and woefully bedaubed their dresses and their kid gloves with whity-brown mud. Though I was not near enough to them to help them up again, I felt for their dis- comfiture, but I could not indorse their ungenerous insinuation, "that the doctor aforesaid, had pipe- clayed his pathway to increase his professional practice," for doctors in general have more than enough to do at the present time. I took warning by the downfall of the two ladies, however, and picked my way along very warily, for a tumble in the mud is decidedly unpleasant to my taste, and I generally try to avoid such a casualty. To say nothing of the risk of sprains, broken bones, and bruises, a person never looks as well, directly after he gets up, as he did before he fell down, and he always loses dignity, in proportion to the number of spectators around him, and the quantity of mire which may be sticking to his apparel. Besides, if he were to be un- fortunate enough to dislocate his hip, or break half his ribs, five minutes would at least elapse before he saw signs of genuine sympathy among the bystanders; for it seems as natural for one person to laugh at another's downfall, as to laugh under the influence of tickling fingers. I observed as I went along that pipeclay footpaths are common in the eastern suburbs of the city; and if I confess that I wished two aldermen had slipped down, instead of the two ladies before men- tioned, I hope it will not be supposed that I bear ill- will to the worthy civic dignitaries of that ward. On the contrary, I have great respect for them; but I thought it was probable, if such a mishap occurred to them, that they would take it as a call of duty, and send a few Corporation carts, and half-a-dozen labourers, to sprinkle a little sand over those glycerine pathways: and it is not likely those poor ladies would have in- fluence enough to effect that public good; be- sides, I think that either pipeclay or clay pipes are less distasteful in the hands of the male sex, than in the gloved hands of delicate females. As I continued my walk, I noticed an unsavory steam rising from the damp, mouldy dwellings in several of the narrow lanes of the city, where the sun's rays slanted down on them; and I wished that some Australian "Peabody" would come nobly forward, and erect model-dwellings for the poor, and do his own heart good at the same time. Then I began to speculate whether any of those persons who have lately found the influenza so terrible to bear, even when surrounded by all the comforts which wealth can produce, ever thought of their poor sick neighbours in some of those grimy hovels, who have to suffer amidst poverty and a lack of common necessaries. How acceptable a few old clothes, a few bags of coal, and a little delicate food would be to come of those unhappy ones, I thought; and how easy it would be for those rich folks to spare such trifles from their abundant stores. The wild, murky clouds soon began to wrap up the sun, and to damp my spirits at the same time, so I hastened home again to my snug fireside, thankful indeed that I had those comforts, and heartily wishing that everybody else had a home and a fireside. Anon, the wind began to roar round my chimney-pot again, and the hard rain to patter on my window pane; the gloom of night gathered around, and the lighthouse keeper at South Head had lit up his lantern. Ah! this will be a dismal night for poor sailors on the coast, I soliloquised, while I gazed through my dormer. I hope all those who have not got a "good offing" have got good tight vessels under them; that they are not overladen, and that their rigging and sails are sound, otherwise we shall hear more sad news of wrecks in a day or two. Then I thought how miserable it must be for poor sailors who have the influenza, to stand shivering at the wheel in such a rough night as that. At the same time I pictured a drenched shepherd, hobbling home to his lonely hut in the far bush, after being out all day in the rain, watching his sheep; and I decided at once that I would rather be a sailor than a shepherd; for I should at any rate have my messmates to speak to, and there would be comfort even in hearing a fellow creature sneeze. But to go home to an empty hut, to make my own fire, and cook my own supper; then to sit moodily nodding at the back log in the chimney, and picturing "old bogies" in the smoke, until drowsiness drove me to my solitary couch; ugh! I shouldn't like that at all. I pity poor shep- herds, for they have so few social privileges. Though I don't wish to make them discontented with their lot, I do wish they had a few more civilised comforts and conveniences, and the disposition to prize them; I do wish they had plenty of nice books to beguile their many hours of loneliness. Perhaps some kind master or mistress, who may read this sketch, will be induced to look over their well-stocked bookshelves, ard send a box of books to their station, for the use of the shepherds, the next time the team goes up. At length I withdrew from my dreary look out at the window, and stirred my fire into a cheerful blaze; then I began to cogitate on brighter subjects. As my hope became stimulated, I soon perceived that although much mischief, misery, ahd inconvenience had been caused by the late inclement weather, that those evils are insignificant, compared with the bless- ings which the timely rain will confer upon this erst thirsty land. Happily the temperature has been genial for the season, and grass has sprung up rapidly where it was much needed. Sharp frosts will doubtless injure it, but only partially, and there will be plenty of fresh feed for the half-famished flocks and herds. The sun will acquire additional power each day, and we may reasonably anticipate a thriving spring, a luxuriant summer, and a plentiful har- vest. In a few months the whole face of nature will be blooming with flowers, and new verdure; the orchards will be teeming with fruit, and the birds will fill the air with melody. Then this sneezing season of influenza will be for- gotten, by most of us, for we shall have warm sun- shine around us, and, it is to be hoped, we shall have health in our homes, and "summer in our souls." Be still, sad heart! and cease repining; Behind the clouds is the sun still shining; Thy fate is the common fate of all, Into each life some rain must fall, Some days must be dark and dreary. —Longfellow. Darlinghurst, 25th June. 