GROWTH AND- RESOURGES OF THE UN IT ED ; STATES. In America I received the most iinboimded hos-" pitality and kindness without precedent. I had the amplest; opportunity giyen- me of knowing every-, thing I could desire to know, and. every desire was morethari gratified. What did I find? I went to America at an important, and. . interesting epoch of its history. ; I went there at the close of the most tremendous struggle known m modern times, aud wnen.I certainly, did. expect to nnd-taie country ex hausted and society disorganised; I declare to ypu that I saw nothing in-; that portion' of that great country through which we passed which could for a moment remind us that such a struggle had arisen. And I was still more astonished when I came to learn the advance which had- been made , in the Western States of America within. the last ten years. Why, sir, within, tliat period 25,145,000 additional acres" of ground have been brought" into cultiva tion-; that on the .average 240,000,000 bushels of wheat were grown, ancL .that the population of those eight Western States-had advanced 3,450,000. It may be interesting to my Lord Ducie,; as au: agriculturist; to .know; that-- more- --than 3,000,000 of the population of the ' Western States are em- ' ployed "m the- cultivation-' of land ; but if'niay be equally1 interesting to yob' to hear that- Chicago, wnidi- a - few years. since was a mere village, a dot upon the map, . has' now a 'population . exceeding a- quarter of a, million and. public buildings finer than: any I know of in any-provincial pity in this country —(hear, hear)-: while ;its.public works, its bridges, aud its roads, its universities, its hospitals,:- are all- on a most magnificent : scale. But- not to confine myself to the Western States, I went to Boston. And what did I find there? I found that even since the commencement of the war five- millions sterling had been spent in that city m the extension of the public buildings. Gentlemen, surely that was not sign of exhaus tion. Well' then we went to New York, and there we found one of the most magni- ficent parks in. the world, the, greater part of the works connected with which had' been actually "con- ! \- struoted during the war ; and on referring to the 1 statistics. we found, that the interest . ou the debt i aud the whole of the municipal taxes only amounted,! , to something like, 3 . per cent; von the rentaL Gentle- ! men, T say 'fearlessly tkat__no young man who in tends to enter , intolife as-a;. inau of business ought : to.cpnsldyr his education complete w.itho.ut paying at ' a visit to America, aud without mentioning names; I can assure -that .one', of / the largest merchants of :my acquaintance, 1 a" man who: does an immeu'se ! business, dates his success- in-life from the time he I , visited 'America. No person -who has the least in- : formation upon the -subject can doubt the -ability of ithe Americans to pay, their :national debt.— Sir Morton Peto. - - - - j I . —v1 , . . .-j Chinese" .Superstition.— It has', been .clearly i ascertained thaVthe late fire broke out/in a. hut where v-a few: month's since Ah Lay Ty hanged himself ; this, and certain other mysterious cir- \- cumstances, have evoked "the grim features of , Mongolian superstition' into intense action, and j the devil is uqiversally accused of setting fire to the Camp. -The Tiutsof, All Lay : Ty, from the time of his death; has been a'egarded with pro-/ found awe, every necessary observance having I :been pi'actised to keepiit clear from .evil spiriis, ;fiut without effect, ,, as it has . been - nightly- ;hauUitedv;Upt- only by the deceased, but by a legion of, ghostly apparitions; alleged 4o; be imps - .of the devil, who has potent" influence over the locality of a suicide and continues .in pos'session . until" the troubled " spirit of the deceased is \- finally exorcised; - Up till a few days before the conflagration no person would venture to occupy "this hfft, 11 although' Ah Gin, a brother of de ceased; ' -.offered .it tp" any comer" gratuitously.; Every night, lamps have been kept - burning within: its -dismal shades, and The choicest food has been spread out on the -table, but still the restless spirit of Ah Lay Ty disturbed the watchers of the night. Often the forlorn hut has been offered to any poor travelling China-- meu arriving at the Camp hungry and swag- worn and without a place of shelter, andus soon as these learned its history they have invariably decamped with the utmost alacrity and dismay. But two or three days before the fire one Sin Tin and spine others came to the Camp in a ter rible state of wre.tohedness and want, and were -persuaded to take up their abode in the haunted dwelliugA (They 1 did so with great JeairAmtf trembling, and as they continued night after night unharmed, it was Lbelieved-- -that Ah Lay Ty was at rest/ ? But ' when it was_ told by a Chinaman that- off. the /outbreak of the fire he saw the devil /and Ah Lay Ty rising with the flames as they-" burst through the roof," all were convinced that the fire was an act of vengeance by the evil :Oue. The dwelling in which the late Detective Appoo died was regarded with a similar superstitious feeling ; although his death was caused by consumption, yet his antecedents ' were ; not satisfactory, many believing him to have been addicted to trafficking with the devil ; and from the time of his death till Sunday last his late abode remained closely fastened, none venturing to sleep there- fearing a visitation from the ghost of Appoo, accompanied by those unholy spirits with whom he communed in this life. Under these alurmiug circumstances, it- was felt that a great atonement was necessary, and it was resolved to hold on Sunday an impressive ceremony of exorcism to appease the angry spirits. Accordingly, nt day light the gong's struck up their discordant clamour, and tlie reverberations of the crackers continued all the morning, the people gathered from all parts, and so successful was their devo tion, tliat in the afternoon it was declared that the spirit, of the departed was at peace, and universal joy prevailed. Appoo's house has since been occupie ', and is now tenanted by a party of Chinese, whose slumbers have suffered no dis- turbance.— AdvertisWi - - l . Milking the "Wrong Cow. — The Hon. Granily F. Berkley, the English hunter and naturalist, tells the following excruciating story of Lady Hag- gerton's scheme to charm the Regent. Her lady ship had at her residence a miniature farmyard", and those pretty little Alderney cattle. When the Prince and his friends had arrived, she came for ward from the side of a wicket as a milkmaid fer the purpose of making a syllabub for the Prince. She had a silver pail iu one hand and ornamental stool in the other. Lady Haggerton trippled along with ribbons flying from her dainty little milking hat, that hung on one side from her graceful little head, and the smallest little apron tied below her laced stomacher, till she came opposite his Royal Highness, to whom she dropped a really graceful curtsey. Then passing lightly over the beautiful platted straw, her tucked up gown showing her neat ankle, as well as her colored stocking ; she placed her stool and pail convenient for use. Lean ing against the flank of one of the crossest looking of the Alderneys, she was attempting to commence her rustic labors, but not having selected the right sex, the offended animal did not seem to fancy the performance, for at first he kicked out then trotted away, nearly upsettiug stool, pail, and Lady Hag gerton, who, covered with confusion, made a hasty retreat for her dairy, whence she did not appear again. Steam Omnibuses. — A steam omnibus has com-, inenced plying between Nantes and Nort. The engine, of eight-horse power, weighs seven tons with its coal and water, and measures over eighteen feet: in- length, and is nearly six feet wide outside the wheels. 