BARNUM ON HUMBUGS. The Humbugs of the World. By P.T. Barnum. (Hotten.) THE Humbugs of the World by the greatest Humbug in the World! Here is a promising title-page. Here is at last the right man in the right place. We have so long been expecting the advent of the true author, the coming man for whom so many generations of readers and critics have sighed, who should write on the subject which he really understood. Coleridge said that the dullest man might make an inter- esting book if he would give his own experience, and disclose the secrets of his own heart. That saying might be taken as a prophecy of Barnum. For when we opened his book and saw the first page, " Humbugs of the World: L Personal Beminiseeneea," we felt that the secrets of Bar num were about to be revealed. The absence of table of contents and index kept up the illusion. It was not till we had gone some way into the volume that we found its real significance. In- i stead of revealing the secrets of his vocation, Barnum is pursuing his vocation. He has humbugged us again. The book is a mere compilation by an American hack, put together carelessly and filled up without order or con sistency. 'The Barnum of the World, by A. Humbug, Esq.,' would be a fitter title for it, as it is not confined to humbugs in the strict sense of the term, and it is mot by Barnum. We learn, indeed, from the first few chapters how Barnum humbugged others and was hum- bugged himself; but after this we are taken to the spiritualists, to trade and business impos- tures, to money manias, to medicine and quacks, to hoaxes, ghosts, and witchcraft, to adventurers, religious humbugs, the oracles of Greece and the superstitions of the Middle Ages. By what right M. Mangin and Count Cagliostro, the or deal by fire and miscegenation, the Serpent in the Garden of Eden and Barnum in his own Museum, the Delphic Oracle and the modern medium, are brought within the compass of the same volume we cannot determine. We must leave this to Barnum himself, or the compiler to whom he has " loaned " bis name. But as we cannot interfere with that act of loaning, we must speak as if Barnum was before us in person, and we must criticise his book as we should discuss the points of his woolly horse in a sporting newspaper. What, in the first place, is Barnum's definition of humbng ? Barnum himself would be our de- finition, but here we are at variance both with Barnum and his English publisher. Mr. Hotten informs us in a prefatory note, that" Mr. Bar num's whole career has been a very transparent one. He has never befooled the public to its injury, and, though his name has come to be looked upon as a synonym for humbuggery, there never was a public man who was less of one." Barnum himself disagrees with Webster, and argues that Webster's definition of the word applies to cheats, impostors, counterfeits, forgers and pickpockets, rather than to the noble class of humbugs. Warren, he says, placarded bis blacking on the Pyramids, but he did not cheat his customers. " He was a humbug, but he was an honest and upright man." Genin, the hatter, who paid 225 dollars for the first ticket at Jenny land's first concert and made thousands of dollars by it was a humbug; but" he is a gentleman of probity and of the first respectability." "In writing of modern humbugs," Barnum adds, " I shall sometimes have occasion to give the names of honest and respectable parties now living, and I felt it but just that the public should fully comprehend my doctrine, that a man may, by common usage, be termed a' humbug,' without by any means impeaching bis integrity." How if we put Mr. Hotten's vindication of Barnum and Barnum's vindication of humbugs side by side, we shall see that the result is anything but satisfactory for Barnum. Mr. Barnum's whole career has been very transparent, and there never was a public man who was less of a hum bug. But a humbug is an honest, upright man, a man of probity and respectability, a man to whom that term may be applied without by any means impeaching his integrity. So much the better for the tribe of humbugs, and so much the worse for the one who is not worthy to enter it. As we range over history, with Barnum for our guide, we find that the Serpent was the first, and worst of all humbugs. " The most prominent heathen humbugs were the mysteries, the oracles, the sibyls (N.B., the word is often mis-spelled sybils), and augury. Every respect able Pagan religion had some mysteries, just as erey respectable Christian family has a Bible —and, as an ill-natured proverb has it, a skele- ton. It was considered a poor religion—a one horse religion, so to speak—that had no mys- teries." The oracle of Delphi is described as an American news- writer would describe a spiritual seance, and the argurs are estimated by the amount of smartness they displayed. It is : amusing to find Barnum quoting Cicero, and ' only making the slight mistake of crediting him with a taying of Cato's, and confusing the augur with the aruspex. Still more amusing is it to ; find the Dark Ages pooh-poohed by such an ' apostle of modern enlightment. After detailing the various kinds of ordeals, the ordeal by battle, the ordeal by fire, and the ordeal by water, Bar- num sums up the whole question: " The whole businees of ordeals is a singular superstition, and the extent of its employment shows how ready the human race is to believe that God is constantly influencing even their ordinary private affairs. In other words, it is in principle like the doctrine of' special providence.' Looked at as a superstition, however—considered as a humbug—the history of ordeals shows how cor rupt becomes the nuisance of religious ways of deciding secular business, and how much more preferable is the system of separation in all matters of State and Church." But this really is too delicious. Is Barnum coming out as a rival of Mr. Gladstone / It he meditating a new work on the State in its relations with the Church? While this toorn is lavished on the humbugs of the Middle Ages, Mr. Barnum has a kind word for most of the humbugs of the present day. We mutt except the spiritualists, who for feit Bamum's approval by their superior claims to honesty, and their want of that amiable can- dour by which he is distinguished. And we must except those who defile grand buildings or beautiful scenery by painting up their puffs of quack medicines in letters of monstrous size and obtrusive colours. On these men Barnum is unusually severe. •' Any man," he says," with a beautiful wife or daughter would probably feel disagreeably, if he should find branded in delibly across her smooth white forehead, or on her snowy shoulder in blue and red letters such a phrase as this: ' Try the Jigamaree Bitters!' Very much like this is the sort of adver- tising lam speaking of. It is not likely that I shall be charged with tqoeamishness on this question." Of course not, and that gives his con- sure its value. We only hope that he has not been forestalled by some more audacious puffer, or prevented by " the peremptory decision and clear good taste" which he commends from perpetrating the atrocities which he execrates. But we have often wondered that he never found a way for advertising Baraum's Museum over the Falls of Niagara, or had it carved in enormous letters on the Mer de Glace. In the same way, we are rather apt to fancy that Bar num's denunciations of the spiritualists are owing to his not having hit on the dodge himself. No doubt he never read the account of the Serpent speaking to our first mother without wishing that he could have hired the Serpent to say," Go to Barnum's Museum." What a splended puff he might have made of the Delphic Oracle! If he had been an aruspex he would never have laughed in the face of the other aruspex, but would have handed him wooden nutmegs. Thinking of the opportunities he has lost, naturally makes him envious. But let a man calmly admit that he his a humbug, and the instinct of brotherhood in Barnum is too strong for any feelings of envy. How differently would the following have been told, if the chief actor in it had not been a medium:— "An old gentleman, apparently from the country, one day entered the room of this medium and expressed a desire for a 'spent communication.' He was told to take a seat at the table, and to write the names of his deceased relatives. The medium, like many others, in correctly pronounced the term ' deceased' the same as ' diseased'—sounding the s. like s. The old gentleman carefully adjusted his ' specs' and did what was required of him. A name and relationship having been selected from those written, the investigator was desired to examine and state if they referred to one party. ' Wal, I declare they do!' said he. ' But I say, Mister, what has them papers to do with a spent com- munication ?'—' You will see directly,' replied the medium. Whereupon the latter spasmodi- cally wrote a ' communication,' which read some- what as follows:—' My Dear Husband,—l am very glad to be able to address you through this channel. Keep on investigating, and you will soon be convinced of the great fact of spirit- intercourse. lam happy in my spirit-home; patiently awaiting the tune when you will join me here, &c.; Your loving wife, Betsey.'— ' Good Gracious! But my old woman can't be dead,' said the investigator, 'for I left her tu hum!'—'Not dead!' exclaimed the medium. ' Did I not tell you to write the names of de- ceazed relatives ?'—' Diseased !' returned the old man ; ' Wai, she ain't anything else, for she's had the rumatiz orfully for six months!' " Ghost* again are very poor pretenders to -Barnum. Here are a couple of stories of appa ritions which could be explained :— " It is said that a Yankee tin pedlar, who had frequently cheated most of the people in the vicinity of a New England village through which he was passing, was induced by some of the acute ones to join them in a drinking bout He finally became stone drunk; and in that condition these wags carried him to a dark rocky cave near the village, then, dressing them selves in raw-head-and-bloody-bone style, awaited his return to consciousness. As he began rousing himself, they lighted some huge torches, and also set fire to some bundles of straw, and three or four rolls of brimstone, which they had placed in different parts of the cavern. The pedlar rubbed his eyes, and see- ing and smelling all these evidences of pande- monium, concluded he had died, and was now partaking of his final doom. But be took it very philosophically, for he complacently re- marked to himself—' In hell—justas I expected!' A story is told of a cool old sea captain, with a virago of a wife, who met one of these artificial devils in a lonely place. As the ghost ob strusted his path, the old fellow remarked—' If you are not the devil, get out! If you are, come along with me and get supper. I married your sister!' " But with a hoax like the " Miscegenation" hoax, which took-in all the American papers, and had a similar success with a portion off the English press, Barnum can sympathize most fully, fie gives a long account of the origin of the pamphlet on Miscegenation, which was attributed at one time to Miss Anna E. Dickin- son, but was the work of three young gentlemen on the World newspaper. These gentlemen crammed the subject of ethnology from the encyclopaedias, just as Theodore Hook learned the article Agriculture by heart, and retailed it as conversation to an eminent agriculturist. The theory of the mixture of negro blood with the blood of the white race, which was to renew the face of the world, was then propounded with an immense parade of knowledge. Most of the American papers swallowed the bait, but for a time the Herald held aloof, till some one waited on James Gordon Bennett and persuaded him to take up the subject:— " Mr. Bennett thought the idea too monstrous and absurd to waste an article upon. ' But,' said the gentleman, ' the Democratic papers are all noticing it.'—' The Democratic editors are asses,' said Bennett.—' Senator Cox has just made a speech in congress on it.'—' Cox is an ass,' re- sponded Bennett.—' Greeley had an article about it the other day.'—' Well, Greeley's a donkey.' —' The Independent yesterday had a leader of a column and a half about it.'—' Well, Beecher is no better,' said Bennett. ' They're all asses. But what did he say about it ?'—« Ob, he rather endorsed it.'—• Well, I'll read the article,' said Bennett. 'And perhaps I'll have an article written ridiculing Beecher.'" We have now given a fair idea of the cha- racter of this book, and the extracts we have chosen are sufficient indications of its style. Mr Bainum has a certain number of personal recollections, and has been naturally ready to hear, and quick to remember, all kinds of anec dotes about his brothers in the art. He has come across many people who have believed him when he humbugged them, and many more who hare refused to believe when he was not humbugging them. He has had real curiosities and real stories to tell about them, and sham curiosities with sham stories to keep them company. But his present attempt at book making is the worst of all his shams, as his few personal recollections are supplemented by a mass of stories which have been told over and over again, sometimes by writers with a name, sometimes by writers without a name, but never by one who took another man's name and all other men's materials without keeping up the prestige of the one or doing justice to the other. We are quite willing to accept Barnum as the representative humbug, in spite of his own and Mr. Hotten's disclaimer. But instead of being the History of Humbugs, this book is merely a contribution to the masa which already exista, and which needs a chronicler capable 01 distin- guishing between humbug and probity, between Barnum and the scribe who takes 'Bamum's name in vain.— Athenaum 