VICTORIA. THE Wonga Wonga steamer brings Melbourne papers to the 20th. instant. Monday's Argus says Our readers will, we doubt not, be pleased to learn that the introduction of the brown trout to Victorian waters has been successfully accomplished On Saturday morning two boxes, estimated to contain about 1800 ora, arrived by the Southern Cross, having been brought from Tasmania by Mr. Lnngwül. These boxes were on Saturday taken up to Sunbury by Mr Sprigg, the secretary to the Acclimatisation Society, and Mr. Lungs 16, and the om were carefully removed and de posited in the boxes prepared for them in Riddell's Creek by Mr. W.J.Clarke. Dr. Black had on the prey long day visited the creek, and seen that everything was ready for the reception of the ov a. When the boxes were opened it was found that about two-thirds of the ova were pure, and it is anticipated that, if the delicate operation of impregnating the ore has been properly performed, there will be some 600 or 700 fry hatched within a few weeks. The Inquiry into alleged immoral practices of the surgeon and certain officers of the emigrant ship Palm Tree, from Liver pool, with emigrants was finished on Saturday. The doctor of the ship was fined £2, with 23 costs, and ordered to undergo ten days' imprisonment in Melbourne gaol; the third officer was fined the same amount, with £3 costs, and sentenced to seven days' imprisonment; and the first and second officers were fined £2 each, ordered to pay 40s. costs, and to go to gaol for one hour. The magistrates found that the defendant had been guilty of familiarity, but not of Immorality, with some of the passengers, and the decision of the Bench, therefore, leaves no stain of crimson ility on any of the young women concerned in the cape. The Supreme Court will be moved for a writ of prohibition to set aside this judgment, on the ground that the officers of a ship cannot be punished under the rules framed for the purpose of being carried out by them and the defendants are hold to bail until Friday, the 24th in that. Aram. The Melbourne detective police have fortunately succeeded in recovering the property, estimated to amount to about £000, Which was stolen about three weeks ago from the shop of Mr. Jones, jeweller and watchmaker. Flinders-street West. TOUCHING BHUHAVKMI'NT.-Tho following is from the Kyneton Observer :- One of those minor tragedies of domestic life, which are none the less touching because the chief actors in them do not obtrude their sorrows on the public, came to our knowledge on Friday. A poor woman living on the Cobaw Bond brought her little child into Kyneton to obtain mcdicnLadTico respecting it. She called at Messrs. Duffy and Carohn's, photographers, to know what the charge would be for a photograph of herself and the child She was told, and went away. In a few hour the returned with the child in her arms, and said, " I shall not want the picture now; my; child is dead." The little thing had died during to visit to Kyneton, and the mother and to retrace nor sorrow find steps homeward, bearing with her the body of her dead infant Aw IsrinvsT of Tim FAILURE OF MABTBUXAV'S Be- -The Hunt Gazette says As one of the results of the panic and the failure of the Masterman's Bank, a letter local incident has come under our notice. About eighteen months since a shareholder in one of the CluneS companies died, leaving an aged father, who was not in very good circumstances, his property. The executors, after re illsing part, sent the old man some £800 through the bank In question, which stopped payment two days before the money should have by cn paid over to him. The KUOKMA SMITHERAM specimen of the tree Eugenia Smith (I'uls) is now bearing cherries for the first time, at the Botanic Gardens This tree IB II muire of Gipps Land, and from. its tall handsome growth (reaching to a height of about 100 feet and its dark glossy foliage, it is well suited for avenues and other (ornamental planting. It bears large quantities of a pileriolet i coloured edible berry, which is eaten by parrots and other birds. ! -Arfui. The GoiLiirnst IA sPoon. The following is from the Wood's Point Times -The rain continues to pour down incessantly, There is sufficient water running down our streets to keep twenty fund of stampers going. The waters of the right and left hand branches of the Goulburn How along, splashing and dash- ing, carrying before them all the fibre from machines and alluvial claims, making a clean sweep from bank to bank. The oldest residents do not remember seeing the river so high. fur CAKW K GHOST.-The Warrenheip correspondent of the Ballarat Star supplies the first veritable ghost, and thus the story; runs -'. In the vicinity of Magill and Coghlan's brewery lives a Mr. Daniel Fahey, a native, as the name betokens, of the Emerald Isle, who, for some 'deed done in his days, is now dominated by a spirit of the other world, which makes its presence known by constantly Ufhung the candles as fast as they are put out, so that once a candle is lighted it must be thoroughly burnt down and no matter how many candles in ly be burning, or where placed if they are all extinguished, they will by some mysterious agency he lighted again In the twinkling of a bedpost, as they say In Inland. Sea ral people who visited the scene, came away ex- claiming, " The Saints be praised, it in the most wonderful thing \w ever saw." Mr Fahey, in his extremity, started the other day to consult the shrines of' his church, in whose 'backward matters of discovering power' he places most implicit faith, and who no doubt have given him some good advice, which he wisely keeps to himself. The latest report states that one night, the candlesticks took a fit, and jumped off the table on to the floor and then back again." Tun Hion PRICE OF FRUIT IN VICTORIA-The Argus, of the 17th instant, complains that in a country like Victoria there ought never now to be any sustained continuance of high prices for the necessaries of life, for staple articles of food. Tossing by the high prices of meat and bread which are most unreasonable-lot us take for instance the curious contrast between the retail prices of fruit, at all times, at all seasons, and the real abundance of most varieties of the article. Though it is necessary, and would be welcome on every table in Victoria, it is rarely an item of popular consumption. The public would also abundantly what is so useful and agreeable, especially during our prolonged summers-ve would be glad to have as a frequent or constant adjunct of their food what is regarded as a staple of diet in countries whose climate resembles our own. But the cost stands in the way, and fruit is still on the footing here of a mere luxury, not a necessary. It is not cheap-it never was, and we w ord r when it will be allowed to by Scarcity e certainly cannot be pleaded as an excuse. Even if we had no local supply, all the English fruits could be imported in such quantity from beyond Bass's Straits, and the same tropical from Sydney, as to leave no pretext for the prices which hinder a popular and plentiful consumption. And or some time now we have had home produce on all sides. Orchards, vineyards, and gardens are numerous, not only in suburban districts, but in must parts of the colony. And sometimes the crop is suffered to go to waste. Last season, in one of the Murray localities, pi ice, not knowing what to do with their perches, carried them to the wine-press to try and prevent a total loss by excuses imp; from them a novel kind of beverage. The farrier of the American backwoods and prairies makes good profits by hurling his fruits for the English and the Chinese matters, many thousand miles off How, then, is it that hint is also a) s door in Melbourne, when a few miles away it is so plentiful as to be sometimes useless ' H we, we must railroads, and other roads, and the water highway to assist, it needful, the patronal supply ? Yet apples and pears are still sold by the pound, us in the days of Golden Point, peaches are exchanged as sparingly for your many as where they are the product of the hothouse, and all other vin police are similarly dealt out as if they were scarce and difficult to procure, 