A Song for the Sydney Usurers. 'Tis a cry from the darkness to God, Like a wail from the wind-beaten waves— Tis a curse over suckers of blood Who are hunting their kin to their graves. O Hear it, ye hounds on the tracks Of your fellows with devilish greed; If my rhymes are as whips to your backs, The better for you that ye bleed. The better for you and for me, If ye hide with your wounds and your pelf, For mine eyes are too troubled to see And endure the bad demon of Self. I know by a fragment of flame One sits through the evenings long, Arrayed in the sackcloth of Shame And the shape of the shadow of Wrong. Is there honey enough in the thought, Ye robbers in Rascaldom pent, That a man and his peace may be bought And destroyed for a pittance of rent? O cry out your ancient excuse: "What murmur should travel from thee? We ask a per-centage—you choose With the option to go or agree!" Ah, well you can guess from the face Of the sufferer lured to your dens, The weakness of choice in his case And the power of your damnable pens. Admit that this man hath a wife, With want like the wolf at his door, Then he sins for the sake of dear life By crossing the Usurer's floor! Suppose him a son with a sire And a mother bent down in distress, Will your avarice lift them the higher? Or help him to sorrow the less? While the wind with a burthen goes past And the ruined leaves scatter and fall; While the thunder-rack gathers up fast— And the darkness comes down over all— With a shade like a face on the glass And a step like a ghost's in the rain— Do you think he'll forget you, and pass? To a moment unblasted with pain? And because of dead passions and joys, And bitterness left in his tears, Do you think he will sleep with the noise Of the many-voiced Past in his ears? Because in the mid-watch of night, While the storm on the rooftree is sad, He may dream of old fields of delight, Do you think he will wake and be glad? Can he wade like a boy amongst flowers? Can he sport like a boy in the flood? Now he knows of that hour of the hours When the Vampyres come round for his blood? 'Tis hopeless, you see, to appeal For quarter, ye scoundrels, to you; But to those who can hear me and feel I turn like a child, and I sue. O Men with the kindness which saves So many in misery pent, Can you think of a check for these knaves And their loans at two hundred per cent? 