VO BODY'S SON. 1 ■ i We let the years pass on, while the ragged ! books give place to better ones, secondhand, jjilt good and clean; while the lodging is; changed, and John March has passed, with his frfend's help, from an errand boy, to a . clerk in a merchant's office* But John was restless —a bad sign, said bis friend. Not so. He bad a wish to go amongst thg manufacturer);; he had heard " Wanted a cierk," in a mill-owner's counting-house; and hie frieud, knowing his tue&uing;, shook hie head in compassion for a hopeless case* He got the olerkship, however, and then his little sister was takeu from the cheap fchoul, yvhere she had been hitherto, and placed in a higher one. John's wants were few and little sufficed for them. Hid first interview with his new master w£8 not in the counting-house, but in his own drawing-room, a gorgeous place, where luxury and riches stared at him as an in truder, and afiked what he wanted there. Aud the great chief of the firm, a whit^-haired man, morose and gloomy, questioned him, and read his references and testimonials, scarcely seeming ^o take in their meaning or care for them. Such a cloud hung about this man, such a heavy, oppressive air there was in the very fall of the rich hangings, and the massive splendour 'of the p>cture»>< and the mirror*, that a weight passed from the clerk'oi heart as he left the room and breathed the fresh air outside. lie was getting on No more rags, no more selling i " eatables and other small wares, and snatching a moment at odd corners, to spell out a wor.l from his book; no more worn volumes and threadbare coats. But it needed all John's hopeful spirit to make light work of this. The very business seemed to have ho life in it; the counting house laboured under a cloud, the bouks, the windows themselves looked dead; nothing was alive but the mice, and even they seemed to scamper about more softly when the head him self entered. , John worked on steadily in the cloud, now and then going to Bee his little sister in the school; and the mill-owner's cold eye marked out bis habits for approval. He rose; he droped the word clerk for manager. He talked a little with his chief and with others; he was observant and thoughtful, taking note of things which would teem to have too interest for hiui. It was strange how, looking from time to j time upon the mill-owner in his dead atmosphere arid working on .in the cloud, the idea arose in John's mind and grew up till it presented itself | to him as a tangible fact, that liis search was ended here, hi6 aim attained, bo strong was this conviction, that if his priticipHl had sud denly said in his e:»r the words to verify it, lie would have felt no surprise, but have taken them as uafcural and words of course, And sit ting there, working out his idea, while his fin gers were busy, 110 wonder fil ed his mind when there fluttered down before him, from leaves so little akiu to it, a scrap of paper so yellow and musty, and thf; delicate lines traced on it faint with atie No wonder but at the iron nature of a father whom no submission, no p'eading seemed to move, and who must hnve torn up the poor little note and left a morsel unfittingly A f'acc, worn and nallow, came bcfjre him ai the lines passed under his eVe. u We only beg f<>r forgiveness If yon Would but be'ieve this, n.y dear father, I ask nothing more ,• I .ov*j yon ho much, I fet*l so deeply how wrong I have taen. O-iiy take off the heavy consciousness of your displeasure—only say you forgive." There lay the conviction, which had been growing within him, verified. Then John March left the counting-house; house-roofe lowered down «bout him, grey iu tl<e evening light; men and women talked, and he heard them, and it seemed as if in all the great world none had eo hard a thing to do aa be had. He walked. 011. he wanted to get out of tile btfstle that he might think, but on the bfidgp right before him moonbeams were pouring down cold r.tid ghost-like, ligh ing np the. stream which lay beneath like a great silver ecrolL He paused; a man was leaning over touched his cap, and said it was a " fahn nagh.." It wa<, but John .Jid not heed it tiiucli, and the man went on with a certain bitterness in his toue. " He had been wptchin' t' windows lit up so grand; and thinkin' t' maister must have " fahn time o't." John asked hitBAbsentJy, /4i>id he knotf the master?" " Ay, he knowed un, had worked for un, till a turned him off, worked for un twenty years. Then John turned and looked at him. But what use asking questions ? He knew quite enough. " Bin thinking/' said the man. leaning oVer and flinging a stone imo the water, " about the wayso* Providence. Looltin' at theto windows, and all the money as there, who'd think my mi«sis in down on her back a dying, and I can't raise a brass farJiu to buy her nothiu—I say who'd thiuk ii ?" Another stone down into the etrearb, sending little sparks in all diaections. " Ever have a wife " No " replied John. " A comfortable thing to see her dyin, ain't it? A nice thing t<» look at, and then come here and see all that, iuid know about the riches, 1 often comes, I does, its n>ce," said the man, shaking his fist at the lighted windows, lie was turning off with hie head down on hie bo som, but John pressed eomerfjing which shone in the moonlight iuto his hand, and said ''God help him!" "For this," thought the manager, "is as hard a battle as mine, perhaps harder. This has done me good—courage !" It was ten years now sines the hollow-eyed woman lay quietly back in her rai»s to rest in the cheerle&6 lodging, and John March went again to see his little sister. He stood with her 01 the hearth, her hand in his and her head on his shoulder, for she balled hina brother, and knew no better. Re drew back his hand, and put away the stray curl that fell across her face as it had done that night ten. years ago. " JSriimy, little one."—" Yes, John." " You are old enough, now. to leave school." She nodded gravejjv, but did not speak. *'I must take you home." " Where is that??'—" I have something to tell you, Emrr.y" _ She looked at him, wonderingly, smiling a little at his grave seriousness. 'But he raised her head from his shoulder, still gravely looking into the fire. "Emmy, I nm nntyour brother." She drew back from him then in earnest, pale and red by turns, half hoping he j^ted with her. <v it is true," said John. " What are you then " Nothing! I am no relatition to you " " No relation! Nothing! Oh! John. Tears gathered slowly in her eyes as she looked at himthey rolled down her cheeks uud fell silently. Still looking away from her, lie put oat her hand,- bat b mray did not move. " No relation—no'hing ! And yo i have been 60 good—all I have in the world I cannot bear it." " You do care for'me, then ?" siid John. '• Care for yon !" she implied. ''Oh! I do, I do Ought not I to care for my brother ? Let xne call you my brother." •' Call me your iriend " said John, holding out his hand, and' clasping fast the little one placed in riis, " liut I want my brother," said Emmy. " How can [ do witout wy brother?" tie passed his hand over the brown head gently; he bent down and kissed her forehead tenderiy :is a brother might do. " Gouie, then. Emmy," eaid lie. " Where ? she inquired, " You must trust me"' e«id John. '* Your brother still, if yon will have it, so I am go ing to take you home, and 011 the way yoa shall hear all I have to toll.'* ('lobe Continued.) 