' THEATRE ROYAL. || Rossini's magnificent opera " Scmtramide1' 111 'was produced nt this theatre last night - for tlit II® first time Iu Victoria, and wo have to congra- Hi tulato tho monagemont ou having achieved the 111 greatest success of the season. Tho scenery all HI of which was new, was so beautiful that it in Mi matter of regret that It should ever havo to be 1 painted out, for the view cf Baiiylou, the ia- If terior of the Temple, and the garden of Seuii. if rnmis, wcroperfect trlumpha of the scene painter's H art. Tuo opera was splendidly mounted, the H miio cn scene well arranged, and the costumes P correct and splendid. So much for the cccei. % sorica , now for the opera itself. ' Serairamide 1 -.1.1-1, I- i-cll,.- — .1,1 — A ' M «"J»'»«J.VWUSiMOlCU uuu I'l ALUMJlltl a IllCSlet y pieces, -wns first produced nt Venice during the 1 carnival of 1823, und was introduced to the 1 English lyric stage nt His Alajesty's Theatre ia | the following year. Since then it has maintained S its popularity ; and although, from the difficult I character of the music, the Australian public | havo never beforo had on opportunity of becoming | acquainted with its beauties, " rieniiramide" Is a | decided favourite both with the English anil -the 1 continental-public. The scene is laid in Babylon, I nnd tho events upon which the story of the opera \ are founded,- are supposed to lnvotakon place ' about 2000 years before our era. Niuus, the « Conqueror of Babylon, .had been murdered 6ame 1 15 years before the commencement of the story, | by Assur (Mr. Wharton), wlih tho connivance I of the queen, Semiratnldo (AIndniuo Escott), L whose sun Ninus liad, without her knowledge, I been sent into exile by her accomplice. Under I the name of Arsaces (Alias Hudson), lie had I been brought up in Ignorance of his reyal birth, as a prince of Scythin, and had secreHy become I betrothed to one of the Dimnesses of the blood. The opera opens during a aolemn festival at.tbe temple ot Belus, during which fiemiramide, who is the Queen of Babylou, hes promised to choose it successor to her throno. The rites are post poned, in consequence of a violent storm of thunder nud lightning, and other evil omens ; and It is not till after the return of Arsncro, who brings with dim to tho high priest, Oroe (Mr. Kitts) the decree of the oracle at Memphis, that the ceremony is proecoded with. The Queen chooses Arsaccs, and intimates that she Is about to select hint as her- husband as well as bar successor, much to the disgust of the young gentlemen himself, who had fixed hU affections on a vory different object, and also of Assur, wha had imagined that the choice of the Queen would fall upon him. ijuiii ucij una Qtiuuuuiiuu uimuuiicbu Jiur utxitfiuu than the heavens grow dark, vivid lightning Is seen ; and the ghost of Ninus nppcars to the horror of bis guilty wifo and of Assur. Mutual recriminations ensue, and A-sur threatens Serai- ratnide that ho will denounca Iter to tho priests and people. Arsaces Is crowned after the secret of hie birth bos been impartc l to him' by- Oroc, and ho promises to punish Assur. For that purpose,, in obodiance to the behests of the gliost of Ninus, . he visits the tomb .'of that monarch, and there in an nltenipt to kill Assiir, he unwittingly slays Semiramidq, whom lie then discovers is his mother. Oroe persuades him. despite his natural romorse,- - to - accept Hie throne, and - Arsaces reigns' ever Babylon. Considering the difficulties inseparable from the first representation of such aa opera as Semi- rsmide," both principals and chorus acquitted -themselves more.; than creditably, Aladsme Escott looked th i. guilty queen, and, walked like the Queen of tha' gods. Save in "Lucretia Borgia," we hava' never seen" her-. to greater advantage. Her horror at tbe. phenomenon with which tiie rites were Interrupted, and her scene wlth Assii were finely : given. Miss Ilodson appeared .to uausuaV advantage in the fine contralto part of. Arsaces. ; The music suits her. voice admirably,' aud in the cavatiua, "Oli, come da quel dl," ; and in th« solo, "D'un tenero' amorc;". she completely carried the house with her. Nor was tho less successful in tho more tragic parages, and we are. only rep'eaUng tha unanimous verdict of the audience last n'ght when wd say that Alias Hudson , achieved a greater success In tbo role of Arsaces than In any part alio- had previously played in' Afelbourne. Air. Wharton, as Assur, scarcely pleased as much no ,ua ucsuniiy 'uuuu, uwiujj pruuuujy iu uis ueuig not perfectly up in the part ; but Mr Kitts ren- (leifd tho music of Orbo with great caro and spirit. Mr. Beaumont, as Idrcno, had very little to do, but he sang 8o;sweet)y that, we could not help wishing that he bad a groat deal more/ The choruses -acquitted themselves well. We shall be disappointed df the production of " Semi-' ramide,'docs not proveii.irump,.card. to. the 1 management. - > : ; - 