HATTY KNUCKLES ON CRUELTY TO ANIMAL8. To the Editor of the Tooxooomb CAronicfe. Sir— I wonder how tho poor brutes will get on for New Year's duff at the Royal Stables of Sir Arthur. I suppose by way of a trout ono day out of 365, his Excellency will order them an extra feed. It must ho something soft though, for I'm told the poor dlvils hnvo l>oon so loug nut of prac tice with their mttnehers that they forget how to use 'em. Other- havo been sharpening their teeth on tbe mils and posts until they rtick out like so many grave stones, and their poor scurvy gums are as red as tho throat of a stuck pig, All are more or less celebrated for their splendid condition —high of bone and low of flesh. If one had to ride 'em barebacked ft mile or two, he would raise Waters as big as bung holes, and if further, why he'd be shook into a jelly. There's one ad vantage tU true, they're ho hollow-hacked that one might sit atwixt thpir ffigh bones right and left, like a lady on a dromedary, secure and snug with out holding on. Why, man. their hipbones rise up like guide posfs, and their flanks best tim as loud .as a Dutch clock with ft lung pendulum.' As for ' sores, they iwr as thick ns bhekberries, and aa for ulcers, they're ns numerous as hnruaclns on a ship's bottom after n long cruise. You may mount anv of 'em without fear of their running away, so docile has Sir Arthur's royal' stud grooms made 'em. Some venrs ago, Mr. Editor, tho famous song of " a Shirt" rescued more stitching women, tni)oresses,andaempatresReH,thnn all thospoutingof Exeter Hall and Parliament to boot could do. But this famous song applied to bipeds who could join in tho chorus, and swell their .key-notes on tbo miseries of a life in a garret, charmed by the high fil.l /cmmnc thread, the to Animals, creatures of Sir Imprisonment, piuing, and would, you can give Kitty's first which he'll mend, until he has the sntisfaH liberating tho Toowooinba Quadruped ConSWB from the guRrdiannhip and responsibility of his Excellency Sir Arthur. Well, here goes — There is a place not far from hencu, Where hotte Is taken in, Sirs, For noMtV hut the paltry gains Of Sir Arthur by his fees, Sirs. From morn to night, and week to week, . And mouth to mouths, aod years, Sirs; Its little there thny Rat to eat, But pustR, and raiit and bark, Sirs. And when you go to claim your own- No matter what ago or colour ; You pen 'cm all, both high low Half-starved with straw and water. Suppose a man had there a beast, By which he got his living; Its kicked, and cuffed, and bruised, and horned, Until t'ftnt worth a shiltin. And what redress, pray, hns lie got, . Sir Arthur Koon will tell trim None ; but pay his f.'ca mid go to pot, Or else down into hades, man. The Government rations, Sir Arthur draws As regular ns the sun, Sirs ; But ne'er horue, nor bullock, normilkingcows. Get enough to fill their bcllicx. No; neither of water, hay, nor strew, Nor a place clean to lay down, Sir, They're up to their hips in mud and gore, For days and weeks together. Now, Sir Arthur, take my. advice, And mark what I do say. Sir, When you die you'll see their ghosts, Not from abuvo ; but from down below, Sir. And if there you see old Nick, too, With horns and hoofs, old fellow ; Remember, you join your company ' You left here in Tuowoumba. Yours to command, NATTY KNUCKLES. 