PROPHECY MONGEES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ADVERTISER. Sir,—Mr Baxter's book lias undoubtedly made a sensation, but to my mind, of a most unhealthy character, for the readiug of such works cannot bo productive of be nefit, they are only calculated to frighten people into being good by the assumed nearness of the terrific events that self constituted prophetic interpreters describe. As for Mr Baxter's rancorous hostility to Louis Napoleon, I very much question whether it accords with the teachings of brotherly love, inculcated by One, from whom Mr B. professes to derive his ideas of charity. Here wo have the doctrine of pro-destination with a vengeance! Poor Louis Napoleon has not the ghost of a chance of getting to Heaven, as he is already pic-dctarmined to everlasting damnation, the commencement of wiiieli will be, his being thrown headlong into hell whilst still in the flesh! AViiat right has Mr Baxter to assume of any man, that he is destined to eternal misery r Surely he ought to know that Louis Na poleon is only a mortal man like himself, and with an equally good chance of future happiness, provided ho goes the right way to work in this world to obtain it. By a very ingenious process, heSts the celebrated number God, into Napoleon's name. Thus identifying him (to his own satisfaction), as the Beast of. prophecy. Nifty names might be selected which would contain the fatal number, if submitted to the same amount of twisting and translation as the Unhappy Emperor's is. "When Martin Luther made his wonderful commotion in the theological world, the echoes of which are •ending of such works. Altogether, such a work exhibits the folly of taking the literal words of scripture, and bringing them to the bar of our own ideas for elucidation. How much more in accordance with the grand teachings of scripture is it, to under stand a spiritual coming of the Lord, and not a personal descent in the flesh—a truth which amongst many others greatly per verted in the modern chinch, is fully de monstrated by a certain eminent theologian It is to this taking the literal sense of the word, and interpreting it according to their own idea, tluit wc owe the prevalence of so many reverberating tlirough the land at this day. His opponents iiroved to demon stration that he was Antichrist, thc mysterion3 number suiting him to a hair. Suppose some fanatic,'on reading this book, thought to himself, " "Well, if that is Napoleon's game, I'll soon put a stop to it," and might then seek iyi opportunity foi assassination. This, though not a pro bability, shows . what olfcct might be pro duced on certain casts of mind, by the various sects, with diversities of opinion, ranging in their extremes as far as the poles asunder. Why, a whole sect may be esta blished by a single Terse iu Scripture being understood differently from a hitherto received sense of it. If people would only endeavour to ascertain tlie spiritual signifi cation of the word, as distinct from that of the letter, then the religious world, instead of being broken up into innumerable par ties, wrangling and twisting the meaning of texts to suit their own notions, would be i of one mind, and act harmoniously together, and we should not have sensation-mongers raking up old prophecies that have been fulfilled years ago, and terrifying people witii bugbears of their own creation. I have already trespassed too much on your space, but I should like to add an extract from " Keith's Evidence of Prophecy," by which it will bo seen that the famous covenant with the Jews upon which air Baxter builds so much was made some hundreds of years ago. "With respect to the prophecies of Daniel, it is remarkable at this remote period how little discrepancy of opinion has existed amongst the most learned men as to the space from the time of the passing out of the edict to rebuild Jerusalem, after the Babylonish captivity, to the commencement of tlio Christian era, and the subsequent events foretold by the prophecy. Our de sign precludes detail, hut the minute coin cidence of the narrative of the Kew Testament and the history of the Jews, with the subdivisions of time which it enumerates, and additional attestation of its general accuracy as applicable to Christ. This coincidence is the more rtriking, as it is unnoticed by the relators of the facts which establish it; and it has been left, without the possibility of any adaptation of the events, to the discovery of modern chronologists. The following observations of Mr Daniel Clarke, partly communicated to him, as ho acknowledges, by Sir Isaac Kewton, elucidate the prophecy • so clearly that every reader will forgive their insertion:—"When the angel says to Daniel, seventy weeks are determined upon thy people. Was this written after -the event ? Or can it be reasonably ascribed to chance, that from the seventh year of Artaxerxes the king (when Ezra went up from Babylon into Jerusalem, with a com mission to restore the government of the Jews) to the death of Christ, should bo pre cisely 490 (70 weeks of) years. "When the angel tolls Daniel, that in three score and two weeks the street (of Jerusalem) should bo built again, and the wall, even in troublous times.—Was this written after the event ? Or can they be reasonably ascribed to chance, that from the 28th year of Artaxerxes, when the walls were finished, the birth of Christ, should be precisely 434 (02 weeks of) years. "When Daniel farther says, and he shall con firm the covenant with many for one iceek [Mr Baxter's great stand point] was tliis written after the event ? Or can it reasonably he ascribed to chance, that from the death of Christ (a.d. 33), to the command given first to Peter to preach to Cornelius and the Gentiles (a.d. 40), should he exactly seven (one week of) years? When he still adds, And in the jnidst of the week he shall cause the sacri fee and the oblation to cease, and for the over spreading of abominations he shall make ' dcso'aic. Was this written after the event Or can it with any reason be ascribed to chance, that from Vespasian's march into Judea, in the spring a.d. 67, to the taking of Jerusalem by Titus, in the autumn a.d. 70, should be half a septenary of years, or tlireo years and a half." Yours, «tc., X. Gcelon^, 27tli July, 1SGG. 