SYNOD OF THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. The Synod of tho Diocoso of Sydney met pursuant to adjournment yesterday afternoon at S.SO. MINUTES. The minutes of tho last meeting woro read, confirmad, and signod by tho Bishop, aa President of tho synod. Tho BISHOP laid on tho tabb a commission appoint* ing tho Very Rsv. W. M. Cowper, as commissary for tho Bishop, during tho prosent synod. QUESTIONS. The Bisnop postponod anaworing tba questions put by ¿ir. G. F. Wiso and Mr. Cavo until to-morrow. Mr, CONSETT STEPHEN asked-If it was intendod to require of members of tho synod to sign any declara- tion of thoir adhesion to tho Constitution rulos and ordinances of tho synod ? The Bisnop said ho himself did not think any such declaration necessary; what the synod might intend to require of its members was in tho breast of tho synod ; but ho thought having mot in tho manner in which they bad met, and having tho powers they possessed, such a security was not necosaary. (Hear, bear.) Tho Rev. PERCY J. SMITH naked, with roforonco to tho statement of tho Chancellor (Mr. Gordon) that certain questions had bcon eent out from homo to tho colonial bishops 1. Whether his Lordship had re- ceived such questions? 2. If BO, from whom? 3. Whether thoao questions rotated to the third resolution, moved by Mr. Gordon. The Bisuop, said in answor to Mr. Poroy Smith's first question, .' I have," to tho second, " from Sir John Young; who received thom from Lord Caornarvon." In answor to tho third question, " Theso questions have simply reference to tho number and names of tho colonial bishops, tho number of tba liconsod clergymen, tho incomo of tbo bishops, tho manner in which they have boon recognised by any Acts oF the Colonial Legislature, and the stylo or litio given to them in thess Acts. Tho questions had, therefore, nothing to do with Mr. Gordon's resolutions. ADJOURNED BEBATE ON THH RELATION OP THIS CHURCH TO THE TtOMB CHURCH. The Rev. G. VIDAL re-opened tho debato on the following resolutions moved by Mr. A. "Jordon on Friday last ¡-" 1, That tho mombora of tho United Church of England and Ireland within this colony claim as euch to be, and bavo boon generally recognised as being, members of tho United Church of England and Ireland. 2. That this synod, as representing tho United Church of England and Ireland, within tho dioceso of Sydney, therefore deprecates any action on the part of tho Imperial Government which can havo tho effect nf separating the United Church of England and Ireland within tho colony from tho United Church of England and Ireland in tho United Kingdom. 3. That tho synod has accordingly viewed with distrust and appre- hension tho introduotion into the Imperial Purliamont of a bill intituled ' a bill to remove doubts as to the effect of letters patent granted to certain coloa'al bishops ; and to amend tho law with respect to bishops and clergy in the colonies,' for tho following among other reasons:-First.-Bocauso tho genoral tenor of tho bill is calculated to croato doubts as to whether tho members of any Church out of tho United Kinadom can as such bit considered mombora of the United Church of England and Ireland. Second.-Bocauso the provisions mado by tho bill for tho appointment and consecration of bishops out of the United K:ng dom tend to sever tho connection of colonial churchoa with tho Church in tho United Kindgdom. Third. Because the tenor and provisions of tho bill would havo an injurious effect on the position of tho members of the Church in this colony as members of tho United Church of England and Ireland, especially having regard to tho legislation which has tnkon placo in tho colony on their behalf." Ho tbankod tho Chancellor of tho Dioceso for his courtesy in abstaining from criticising tho remarks ho (Mr. Vidal) had mado bofore his ipeoch was interrupted. He thought ho had novor met any one equal to tho learned Chancellor in tho art -said to bo moat usoful in his learned pro- fession-of diverting attention from the main ques- tion at issue. (Cheors and laughter.) The Chancellor quoted a largo number of Acts of Parliament and other documents, not ono of which had any bearing upon tho question at issue. It was his (Mr. Vidal's) duty to recall the synod to tho real question-the most im- portant question, perhaps, which thoy could bo called upon to consider. He hoped this great question would ba thoroughly sifted; so that when thoy came to divido upon it evory member of tho synod would bo able to givo an intelligent and nota blind vote upon tho subjoct Ho would undertake to Bay that very few members, except thoso whoso minds woro cast in the uamo legal mould as his learnod friond, could follow all his (Mr. Gordon's) remarks; Tho effect on most minds was simply to mystify tho question. But ho could scarcely reattain tho oppression of applauso. so dooply was ho impressed with tho ingenuity with which his loamed friond sought to uphold a causo tltnt -was absolutely hopeless. (Xoud cheors.) It was ne ot Bary to clear tho mind of tho eynod oe tho point as to whatthe real question waa. It was especially nocet6 try 'to guard tho synod against groundless fears of being laid open to tho charge of dialoyalty to the Church of England. Tho loamed Chancellor appealed to them, aro wo membors of tho Church of England-" ayo" or '. no." That waa merely throwing dust in thoir oyos. Thoy wero all members of the Church of England. Thoro was no doubt of that. If boing by baptism made mombo ra-of the living body of tho Church of England, and boing entitled to all tho spiritual blessings of tho Churoh of England, made them mombora of tho Church of England, than they wera mombors of that Churob. But if it waa meant that tho Church in this colony stood in tho same legal position aa tho Church at homo, it would have a soat In the oonrooation. But the governing body of tho Churoh of England is ono thing, and tho govoraing body of tho Church in tho colony is quite anothor thing. If the Bishop woro calling on tho Archbishop of Canterbury, and showing him tho constitutions of this synod, tho Archbishop might say " Pardon me, my Lord, thoso may ba very good as the constitutions of tho Church in Sydney, but thoy aro not the constitutions of the Church of England." Did thoy thon stand on preoisoly the tamo footing aa members of the Churoh of England in England? It would be ¡dio to -detain the synod with arguing tho point. Tho decisions of the Privy Council had placed beyond all question a certain fact-that letters patent to bishops in the -colonies had not that validity which thoy had boen supposed to possess. And that was what Iod to this bill of Mr. Cardwoll'a. For a saries of yoars lettors patent had been issued by tho Crown to colonial oishops. Until quito lately, no ono doubted that theso letters patent convoyed jurisdiction. But theso rocont decisions brought to light tho not agrecablo fact that theso lettors did not convoy episcopal jurisdiction. But thoro was in tho background this still less agrooablo fact-that no clergyman ordainod by a bishop not having episcopal jurisdiction could perform any valid acts. Tho oats suoh clergymon had oxoroisod had no validity whatover. Was thoro net then, a prima facia great necessity for sams suoh bill as Mr. Cardwoll'a? It was a noteworthy piroumatanco that tho learned Chancellor, while dilating on cortnin Imaginary dangers in Ur. Cardwoll'a bul, dispoiod in the fowest possible words of that serious ovil which it was tho great design of Mr. Cardwoll'a bill to remedy. Ia tho vory fow words ho did bostow on that question, ho (Mr. Gordon) took great comfort to himself that this dioceso, and Melbourno nnd Canada would not be affected by that decision. But bo (Mr. Vidal I bogged to say that over twenty oolonial dioccsoa would bo effected by that decision, and countless families scattered throughout the would would bo affected by it. And wero they, if they themselves .were aocuro, to fold their hands contentedly, and soo evils affecting the mombora of their Church throughout the world? AB for Canads.it was matter of notoriety that Canada had boon declared complotoly freo from tho control of the Privy Council ; and had claimed and exercised tho right of nominating hor own bishops. (Oncers.) The learnod Chancellor amused them by speaking of tho " Churoh of South Africa." Ho (Mr Vidal) bad been furnished to-day with a statement which onabled him to inform the synod that tho term * Churoh of South Africa'' waa not framed by tho Bishop of Capetown ; but was tho title recom- mended to thom ; by whom ? By the committee of tho Lowor Houso of Convocation of tho Provinco of Can- terbury, that is by tho representativo body of the wholo Churoh of England in synod assem- bled. (Cheors.) And should thoy accept tie rooommoadation of tho Synod of Convoca- tion or tho tboorles of his Ioarnod friond tho Chancellor? If thora wero a difforonco botwoontho collcotivo wisdom of the whole Church, so ropresonted, and tho concen- trated wisdom of an eminent lawyer (a laugh), ho must tako loavo to say that tho advico of Canon Allwood (and wiso counsel carno from Canon Allwood, as had often bean found)-thoro was good causo for adopting tho advice of Canon Allwood, not lo rush hastily to a deolsion on this question. (Cheers.) The authority ho rofcrtod to was tho 10th nutnbor of Con- temporary lloview of lost Ootobor. Tho Ohancollor par- ticularly quoted tho Bishop of Oxford on tho question how umon qndcommgnion wero to be maintained between a churoh establishment in tho mother country and churches itt the colonies not oatablinhod. Ho (Mr. Vidal) thought the words of the magnanimous prolate worthy of him. But would it be believed by mambers of this synod that tho mode of looking the difficulty in tho faoo, which the Bishop of Oxford adapted, and that proposed by tho learned Chancellor (Mr. Gordon) wore o< diametrically opposite as tho north polo from tho south. Tho Bishop of Oxford was the warmest supporter of tho very bill against which tho learned Chancellor called uptn thom to voto. (Hear, hear.) Hi might draw largely from the rloh treasury of tho Bishop of Oxford, but heramemborad the generosity of his learned friend to him ; and bo did not wish absolutely to overwhelm him. (Cheers and laughter.) (Mr. Vidal then road from the speech of tho Bishop of Oxford on tho distinction between an ondowmont by tho dtato and an Established Church, in which ho said thal the Bishop of North Carolina, though not of tho Church of England, was as much a representativo of the old apostolio body'as the Archbishop of Canterbury.) Tho Church in tho colonies was not established. What they wantod, added the Bishop of Oxford, was to know tho fact ; and thon to deal with tho faot-Qod helping them-as houost believing men. This, thon, was tho fact that in most of tho colonies thora was no Estab- lished Church. Good old Church and Stato peoplo went about liko domestic fowls in a storm, crying out that this aterm would destroy them. But tho Church was ono boforo tuero was au establishment, when it went forth from Jeru«alom and Antioch. It wa» united becauso it had ono creed, ono apostolio descent, ono Biblo, tho samo sacraments, and all contoring in ona Divine Lord reigning in and over this Churoh. (Cboer-t.) So it was now. The Church in tho colonies might have no Stato support ; but it was built on tho common faith that bound t> getber Colt and Saxon, and that nddrossed itself to tho deep undorlying redoemed humanity of which other things wero but tho accompaniments. Thoso woro the words of that cminont. prelate, whom, very much to his (Mr. Vidal's) surprise, his friond Mr Gordon had on listcd in his cause. Theso wero the words of ono of the most loyal prelates of the Church of Christ-ono wh6 reliod for tho continuód concurrence of tho Church of England, not on any Stato^control, but on tho " deep underlying redoemed humanity " which was common to them all. (Ohcors. t Ho (Mr. Vidal) opposod the resolutions of Mr. Gordon becnuee he was arguing in tho faca ot facts, which could not ' bo disputed, and which it was tho wisdom of Englishmen to accept. Ho (Mr. Vidal) now said emphatically that his reasons fer objecting to tho motion wore these:-1. Becauso ho thought thoy betrayed a faithless, unworthy fear of separation from th6 mother Church ; a fear in which ho could not participate. The vitality of thoir- Church could nover bo affected by any legislative enactments. Tho Church has powers inherent in hor, constitution, eufficiout to ensuro her perpetually. Sha has that faith in our blessed Saviour which is tho surest bond of union. Ho did not wish to eeo this diocese follow tba oxamplo of Holbourne, becauso it seemed to bo actuated by a faithless and unworthy fear. They had n noblo opportunity now of showing, upon due con- sideration, their aupsrior wisdom, to tho wisdom of tho dioceso of Melbourne. They had on opportunity of showing that thoy had firm trust in Him who said " Lo, I am with you always, even unto tho end of the world ;" and who said of his ' Church, " the gates of holt shall not pro'ail against hor." Ho waa sure he spoko tho sontiments of all in this room, in rejoicing that thoir Church rested upon a'bettor foundation than letters patent from the Crown. Ho rospootod the posi- tion of his lordship, because it was conferred upon bim by Ibo Queen, the fountain of all earthly honour : but he rospectod him a thousand timos more, beoause ho recognised in him a successor of the apostolio body ono whoso office sto"d on a surer basis than any royal letters patont. (Earnestcheors.) Thc Rev. W. STACK said ho .was prepared to take the side of Mr. Gordon on this question. He would confino his observations to the ninth and tonth clauses of the bill of Mr. Cardwell Ho believed tho effect of these sections would bo to allow bishops of the Church to surrender tho patents they had recoivad, and to allow other bishops to bo conse- crated and snit-to-tho dioceses without any lettors patont at all. Such two sections could not pass with- out dismembering- the Church of England. (Hear, hear.) He would state what ho meant ky the Unity of the Church. He meant by this unity that their rela- tion waa not that of daughter and mother, nor sister and sister ; it was a union of sameness ; they were ono Church. (Hear.) He boliovod tho Episcopalian Churoh of Scotland and the Church of England wero sister ehurohes. Ho had heard that thoro wore in tho city of Edinburgh Scottiah Episcopalian Churches, and a rival Churoh' cntitlod the Church of England in Scotland. So here they had freo Churches, and thoy might givo Mr. Agnow a littlo mora authority if they passed this bill. He road an extract from a work by tho Rev. Robert Hall (vol. 3), who said whoever formed his ideas of tho Churoh of Christ from the New Testa- ment would find that unity was ono bf its most essential characteristics. . Hall quoted Cyprian in sup- port of this view. Nothing could be moro opposite to tho truth than tho idea of a plurality of truo Churches. This randing of the body of Christ was by far the greatest calamity that over befel the Churoh. It might be said how could such words, writton by a dissenter, apply to thoir duty as a synod of the Church of England ? But it was their duty to guard against tho ovila of. division. What ho meant by unity was ono ministry, ono communion, and ono episcopate; (" So we have.") YOB, thank God, we havo ; but is it so in South Africa T Thora tho plague of disunion is begun. It becamo them to do all they could to perservo what they possessed-the unity of the Ohuroh of England. It was a blessed foaturo of our day that in many quarters there had sprung up a desire for the realisation of that perfeot unity et tho Church for which the Saviour prayod the night before ho was crucified, lt was a thought surpassingly delightful. But he feared at prosont it was only a thought. There was no practical opportunity of attaining such a wide Catholio union. It was tho<-efore tho more imperative upon them to guard tho unity of the Churoh of Eng- land. Ai a faot there were within that Church wall defined parties. Now, what they wanted was unity of ministry,;of communion,and of the episcopate. By ono ministry ha meant thal all should derivo thoir ordors from ono eouroo, and that thoro should bo ono clergy- man, and ono only, in each parish. The 1 ¡censo of the Bishop socurod him (Mr. Stack) from tho interference of any uthor clorgyman in his pariah. How could they i hindor two bishops coming into one dioceso ? ThiB had boon hitherto provided in tho colonios by tho Queon's lettors patent: It was tho royal supremaoy that fixod tho bounds of tho dioceses. If they soparated from thia royal supremaoy, they did in fact break up tho Church of England. Ho did not deny that tho unity of tho Ohuroh might bo preserved in Borne other wny But hitherto it had been presorvod in England for hundreds of years by the royal supra . macy ; and as yat nothing else had boen proposed for tho same purpose. An Irishman once said tho moon was more UBeful than the sun, for tho moon shone in tho dark, and tho sun only in tho day, which by nature needed no light at all. (Laughter.) Now. it was nocossary for thoso gontlemen to show that aftor the royal supremacy was takon away, the unity of tho Ohuroh of England would remain. Thoy, as subjects of tho Queen of England, had parted with much wbon they came here. But thoy brought something with thom. Thoy brought the Queen's authority. Tho Queen's authority binds together the whole realm. She presides in our courts, for thero is an nppeal from avery ono of them to hor. Even the postmen wear her livery. If they brought that part of tho Queon's supremacy whioh soourod the unity of the Church by the appointment of bishops, it was much There waa an appeal from any decision of tho Bishop horo to tho Archbishop of Canterbury, and from him to tho Queen. Tho quostion of tho oloctlon of bishops was touched upon by tho Roy. Mr. Vidal. Now, in looking over tho Guardian in reference to affairs in Canada, ho found that on a recent occasion thoro had boen a " transport of excitement . at tho oloction of a bishop. They had bet'or ask thoir Queon no: only to authorise, but also to oloct their bishops. What if they had a bishop who was a strong ptrty man, and who, after holding office a long time, succeeded in filling all vacancies with mon holding his own views ? Tho Ohuroh in tho colony would bo then just ono party. Would it not bo far bottor to gol now English blood ? But they wera not c n eernod to-day with Hie question of tho el -ellon of bishops. But without tho authority of tho Quien he did nut soo how tho unity of tho Church could bo prc sjrvod Ho beliovod the eourso pursued by Dr. Cola neo was most injuriout. But why should thoy do evil t» provont othor evils ? Why should tho wholo unity of tho Church of England be endangered aud ho boliovod destroyod, lu order to got rid of Bishop Colenso ? Church history informad them that tho attompt to got rid of ona heresy gavo rise to another. 'Thoy wero told tho mischief "was already done ; that lawyers hod long anticipated the prcsont stato of things, They had a right to find a romedy. But Mr. Ca rd wo li's bill would fix for ovor tho ovil thoy Bought to avoid, lt was like a captain at PM- when a vessel ''nd sprung n leak-jcuttling tho Bhip. It Bceraoo to etha impression ot many of his brethren thatthc breaking up of the Churoh of England was impossible. But «orno philosophers told thom the normal state of tho world was a state of war. And in tho much lauded aaoiont Catholic, Church, history told them thoro wore .miny divisions and heresies. Whilo tho Apostles ro mainod, thoir authority kept things in somo ordor. Thoro was afterwards a kind of confederacy. But vory soon counoils and bishops of superior order, archbishops and patriarchs aroio by nscsuity. And out of theso patriarchates arose the Popo. This strolch of power jed to tho Reformation. Our raformors had this question boforo thom : -The nocosaity of unity was atromly impressed on men's minda, and tho question waa how ia unity to be proiorvod ? Wo aro now at a period of groat ohango in tho history of tho Church, and must look back to former periods of chango, such na tho Reformation. Thoro wa» thon' a singular unity of feeling botwaon the English and Continental reformers. Tho namo of Luther was revorenood by all. Ono Con- tinental reformer. Martin Bucor, aided in drawing up tho English prayer book, A general union could not bo effected, bat tho English rot'ormor8 providod for tho unity of tho Church of England, by. taking tho Royal supremacy. ' Tho reformers saw very clearly, when tho Papal aupromaoy was taken away, tho danger of tho Church broaking up. Tho kings* of England had a voico in tho choleo of bishops long beforo the Informa- tion. Thoy. should, not hastily Bay thoy could do without this, which thoir forefathers had adopted as a bond of union far tho Church of England. (Hoar, hoar.) Somo bond of unity was needed. Tho unity of the spirit was not onough "without unity bf form. Ho had a few word» on tile' question of policy and' fooling. They Bhould be careful to continua tba Church in England, and not tho Church in Australia, lió had heard a naval officer say' that it was a matter of ' rejoicing to him that where-or ho found tho British flag ho also found tho British Church. They would bs mad to cast away that feeling. Ho con- cluded with thc noble words of the great historian of tho Council of Trent, expressing, in relation to tho union of the Church of England, until tho time when it ia merged in that of the whole Catholio Church " osto porpotua"-(may it bo perpetual). (Cheers ) The synod then adjourned for an hour and a quarter. At 7 o'clook thoy ro- assemblod. Tho Hov. Pincr J. fanni expressed his Burpriso tbát bis reverend friond (Mr. Stack) had spoken of tho unity of tho Church of England as depending on tho supremacy of tho King or Queon for tho timo being. Tho Roy, Mr. STACK said that whs not what ho said. Mr. P. J. SMITH continued : He read an extract from Bingham on tho unity of tho Church. It soemed that bis reverend friond (Ur. Stack), if he could keop tho Church together by royal supremacy, was pre-, pared to retain in the Church a man who laboured to destroy the Biblo. ' In ancient times, hero tics abounded in the Church, as they do now. But there was this difforenco. In tho nrioiont Church, tho heretical teachors wore not paid. Now, through the union of Church : and Stato, meri' . who oppose the Christian faith are supported 'ns ministers of the' Church. They woro told they would have rival bishops and rival clergymen, if this bill of Mr. Cardwoll'a passed. Tho COBO of Scotland was appealed to, where they had the .Scottish Episcopal Church and the Chnrch of . England in Scotland. But thoso two Ohurohcs differed qujto as much as the Wesleyans differpd from tbs Church of England. His reveroad ? friend (Mr. Stack) could not prevent a Wesleyan minister preaching in his parish. And he (Ur. Smith) bolieved a Wes- leyan minister who preached tho truth, was as mucha minister of tho Christian roligion ne a clergyman of tho Church of England. They had hore two Free Churches of England. ' Tho BISHOP corrected Mr. Percy Smith :-We have two Churches calling themselves Freo, Churches of England. Mr. P. J. ( SMITH : Well, thoso Free Churches did not interféra with them. Ho did not think tho royal supremacy was necessary to prevont rival bishops and rival clergymen rising up. His reverend friend wished to preserve unity by moans of the au- promaoy, though thoy wore not one in doctrine. Mr. STACE said of course he maintained the necessity of thom being ono in dootrine. Mr. SHITS continued': He dosired unity aa much as any_ mau ; but it was by thoir boing one with tho Saviour-not kept in ono Church by tho Sovereign, who might be a good or a bad man, who might have good advisers or bad advisors. The Episcopal Church of Amorica' was not part of tho Church of England j but if that Church maintained the same doctrines and was actuatod by tho samo spirit, was not that a better unity than ono depending on royal aupromaoy ? The connection of Church and Stato was tho moans of up- holding divisions eternally. (Hoar, hear ) Ho denied that the appointment of bishops was in the Crown. That powor was in.the synod. Wo are ouprome. (A laugh. ) The eynod is supremo here. His Lordship had said that this diocese was not within the province of Canterbury. The Bisnop: I have takon the oath of canonical obedience to the Archbishop of Canterbury. Rev. P. J. SMITH : We appoint our biabo», and he is our bishop ; and if any one comos here and claims to be our bishop, he is not our bishop, and can do nothing. They wore not to bo scared out of their wit s by alarms about their not boing members of .the .Church of England. He had no idea of leaving tho Churoh or altering tho namo of the Church. The name could not bo altered without an Act of Parliament Mr. Oardwoll's bill did not propose to alter the namo of tho Church. He would now meet tho various points taken up by his loarnod friend the . Chancellor. Ho (Mr. Gordon) spoke muoh of tho royal supremacy ; but ho did not take his stand upon it; probably as a lawynr ho knew it could not bo done. Then ho (Ur. Gordon) spoke of appeals to tho Archbishop of Canterbury. He thought hia learnod friend would take his stand upon that. But he did nothing of tho kind. Ho know that appeals wero prevented by our Church Act. Thon ho spoke of tho appointment of bishops by tho Crown ; but he did not toko hm stand upon that. He (Mr. Gordon) know ho could not. The choice of bishop rested in future with this synod. This synod might delegate the choice to the Crown. (Hear, hear.) Then tho honorablo gentleman spoke sf rival bishops. Thora was no danger of that. Then the last ground on which tho loarnod gentleman took his stand was that thoro might bo a confusion of identity between this Church and othor churches calling themselves by tho samo name ; so that in case of bequests, it might bo doubt- ful to whom thoy were loft Justas if ono left money to Mr. Smith," nnd thoro wore aix Mr. SmitliB, which wasittogoto? (A laugh.) Tho thing waa unlikely to happen. He did not suppose Mr. Oardwoll's bill would mako any difforonco. But they had had eovoral churches in thia country in that position. Lately thero wero four Presbyterian Churches. And if any ono ¡«ft land or money to " tho Presbyterian Church " it might have boon difficult to say which it was for. But no practical difficulty arose. Neither if they hnd horotical churches claiming the samo name would there bo any danger of the kind. The learned gentleman had .¿ -i hold of tho wrong end of tho question. What offed could any petition sent homo from boro have on tho course of legislation ? His attention waa rivotcd on tho learnod) gontloman's speech, aad ho saw no reason _ in it to Mt asido the opinion that if thoy sont borne a pott lion it would ba founded on mistake. (Hear.) They knew that tho leading mon in the legal profession were oiton oppo:id to each othor. And no wonder, BO intricate wero logal questions. Now, if they mado a mistake, and ombodlod that miatako in a potilion, it would be said, "Oh t it's only Botany Bay." Wero thoy to toko stops for the protection of othor colonice? How did thoy know that othor colonies wished Mr. Oardwoll's bill nob to pass? Thoy might, by opposing this bill, bo oppressing thoso colonies ; taking part »Uh thoso who wero against thom. The Lord Bishop of New- castle had already signified that ho was warmly in favour of Mr. Oardwoll's bill. Hero waa tho oldost and moat experioneod bishop in the colonies in favour of tho bill. Wby should thoy run tho risk of making a groat mistako by acting in opposition to that opinion ? As for tbs dioceso of Melbourne, he bo boliovod that tho Synod Bill of Viotoriit differed so materially from tho bill passed in this colony, that what was no dangar to the Cburoh boro might ba a rial danger in Victoria. But he quite diskoprovod of thoir petition. Ho had read tba address of tho Bishop of Molbauruo, and ho must say, if their constitution was tho samo as that of this synod, his lordships spocoh was vory weak and vary fanciful. Tho members of tba Ohuroh in Victoria hat! better alter thoir Church constitution. As for tho first resolution of Mr. Gordon, ho did not think the bill of Mr. Cardwoll would nffeot that at a1'. Hia learned friend had said tho effect of Mr. Cardwoll e bill would ho to out adrift tho colonial churches? That was a moro fancy. Could anything in that bill hnvo tho effoot of cutting off the adhesion of members of title Church to tho Ohuroh in England ? If any of thom went to Ejjglund. would ho bo debarred from anv of j tho privileges of members of tho Ohuroh ? Why" tho first Sun lay a clergymen spent at homo, be might offioiato in nny of tho" pulpits. If he got portnUeton from a bishop, ho might get n living, and bo sottlod ns a minister of tho Churoh in England. Was thoro any- thing in afr. Oardwoll's bill whioh provonted thom calling themselves members of tho United Church of linglnnd and Ireland. Tho bill might, for purposes of its own, call all tho colonial eburobes by one name; bat that did not prevent their colline themselves by nny namo thoy chose. There was nothing in tho bill to sovor the Ohuroh. He referred to tho languago of tho lato Metropolitan of India. His learned friend, who wis an cxamplo to them all as a zealous layman, had slid tho royal supremaoy and appeals sottlod the point that thoy wero mombora of tho Churoh of Englnnd. B it the real unity of tho Churoh depended on spiritual union. There was nothing in the bill to provont tbi-. If you pats a resolution that a man is of ' rrspectablo character, you moko his neighbours call his character ia question. So thero waa no usc, but . danger in passing a resolution that they wore mombors of |tho Church of England. Every ono knew that. Tho Eocoad resolution waa - a mero corollary of tho first, Ho came to the third resolution, objecting to Mr.- OjrJwell'a hill. Tío thought tho Parliament of i England could not do what was boro imp'ied. It could not create any doubts as to thoir being mombors of tho Church of which they called themselves members ;Tho resolution proceoded on a mistaken viow of tho nature of tho Christian Church. Tho bend of that Church said, " My kingdom is not of this world." But this resolution spoke of tho Church ns mixed up with State polioy. He quoted tho words of tho lato Archbishop Whately ou these words of Christ, (o tho effect that His kingdom, being not of this world, waa not de- pendent nu any temporal power, and could nat bo severed by any tempérai power. No Aet of P*rlia moutcould malte or uomnko churchon. Nor could the temporal powor savor the Church. But thoy wore now called upon to promulgdto a new doctrino - that Acts of Parliament could make or ttnmoko thom members of tho Churoh of England. With "regard to the second objection In tho resolution; it was ! positively Irreligious and improper. To hand ovor the oppaintmont of their biahopa to any layman or laywoman in tho world, was a proportion thoy ought to bo n«liamed of. They might, if thoy doomed it .better for thc Church, dele- gate tho clínico of bishops ; but thor could not got rid of the responsibility. He charged on the lay members of tho Church not to surrender, for any wôrdly advan tago, tho privilogo of chosing thoir own ministère, whether clergymen or bishops.'. In England thia privi- lege bad boen given up for certain temporal advantages. And how were bishops appointed at homo? The' Crown nominated. 'in ono occasion it waa mado known that ouch onl suoh a pcreon wasselcctod by tho Crown for bishop. And a solicitor arose in tho church and mndo objootion, in tho namo of sovoral clergymen and mombors of the Church, on'tho ground that tho bishop nominated did not bold Christian doctrine. The pto liding officer said this gentleman could not bj hoard. Tho BISHOP put it to Mr. P. J. Smith whother this topic had any bearing oh tho question. Hov. A. U. STEPHEN asked .if thoy wore in order in going into all the resolutions? : Tito Bisuor said it waa in order. Mr. SMITH continued: Ho was showing that thoy should not commit the choice of ' bishops to nny ono. Tho true theory of tho appointment of biahopa was, that it proceeded from tho Divine Head of. tbe Church.. He quoted the article In reference to this. When this duty of choosing their minister* was given up by tho Church in the time of Constantino, from that timo commenced thoso dark ages, when for so mauy centuries tho lamp of truth was almost put out, .They could not, thorefore, shirk their responsibility in this matter. Thero was a. rumour goinir about at homo that in future tho Government intended to send out to tho Governor of tho colony to request him to single oui a clergyman to bo presented to the Queen for nomina- tion to the colonial bishopric Then look at some of tho mon thoy had had at the head of the colony, and say would it be safo ti ontruat thia power to governors I Tho best plan would be, ho thought, to givo the ap- pointment to three of the Enzlish bishop!. That was only bis frióte opinion. (Tho Bisnop: Hear, hear.; He thought this would secure a rogard te tho bast in- terests of tho Church ia tho choice of bishops. Thc third objection (of Mr. Gordon) presentad the Oral tangible ground for hia learned friond to rest upon. Tho 2; th clause of tho Constitutions prevented internal separation. Ho then came to tho question of nppenls. no read an extract from a canon on this subject Thc 37th acticlo transferred the supremacy of tho Popo to tho Opjwn. That artiole did not apply ta tho colony. AaoVrilng to Dr. Cotton, thia article gavo an appeal tc the seworoign. But the appeal as laid down in thc articlo did did not apply to this diocese. In Indio, bishops wero appointed by Act of Parliament. It waa not so hero The 18th clauao of tho constitution authorised tho erection of a tribunal. Ho questioned whether there was an appeal to tho Archbishop. He quoted tho decisloa in the coso of Long v. tho Bishop of Capetown, to show that no sentence of such a tribunal would have any effect, except such as could bo enforced by tho Supreme Court ; that ii, if tho sen- tence of tho tribunal were rosi a tod, effect must bo given by tho Supreme Court. And thero was no appeal from the Supremo Court to tho Archbishop of Canterbury but to tho Privy Council. It was precisely tho same with rogard to tho Wesleyan Churoh, Tho ablo ad- dress of tbe Bishop af Graham's Town was completely opposed to tho potttion thor wore called upon to adopt Tho Bishop showed that if tho appeal differed at all from an appeal from a Wosloyin tribunal, it was ono to which tho Church of England in tho colony had no right. Ho quoted tho eloquont languago of tho Bishop of Graham's Town, who said. the letters patent placed tho Church of England apparently in a botter, but realy in a much WOKO position than any other denomi- nation ; it put thom in tho position of a favoured Boot, but restrained its liberty of orgauiaation. (Cheers,) Tho mombora of tho synod must feel that thero wore doubts and difficulties which made it impossible for thom to decide at once on this very important quostlon, I not only for thomsalvea, but for all the colonial churches. (Choors ) On this quostlon, tho young should bo heard as well as tao old. Without tho opinions of all being blended togotbor, the Churoh could not havo tho benofit of healthy freodom. Be would have voted to negative at onco thoso resolutions, but out of deferente to somo of his reverend frionde, ho would voto to rofor them to tho standing committee. (Cheers.) The Rev, THOMAS SMITH said tho last spoaker had acted most unfairly to tho synod by charging thoso who would voto for those resolutions with propping up Bishop Colenso. Tho Bov. P. J. SMITH said all bo stated was that, if thoy pns'cd these resolutions, thoir action would havo tho effect of propping up Bishop Celonso. lier. THO «AS SHITII continued : If tho views of the lait speaker were oorroct, tba synod had botter bo at onco dissolvod, becauso the Bishop ot Newcastle and two senior clergymen wore opposed to tho courso recom- mended. But ho (Mr. Smith) was sure that any petition from tho Metropolitan aud this dioceso, wau d hare as much woight with tho British Parliament as a petition from tho Bishop of Nowcasllo or from . any othor diocoso. Ha complained of tho treatment of tho learned Chancellor by thoso who praised him, and yet charged him wilh misleading tho synod. Ho did not know whether hie rererond friond (Mr. Percy J". Smith) had taken tho oath of 6upremaoy, (Mr. P. J. SMITU : Sujremicy euch ns it ie.) Wol), ho (Mr, T, Smith) was English- man enough to rcapoct the king or qttcon of tho nation so much ns not toonil thora "laymen" or "laywomen." (Hear, hoar.) To como to Mr, Oardwoll's bill. Ho thought all who laokod at this tenth clausa would hesitafo boforo thoy accodod to tho proposition ol Canon Allwood, lío had listened to tho speech of Canon Allwood with dolight. Al tho samo timo he wished to know tho objections on which Oanon All- wood rested his apposition to these resolutions. Anti bo could not ascertain thom. 80 could say tho aamc of tho beautiful speech . of Mr. "Vidal. Tim' apoooli could bo used in support of thest resolution*-. Tbooloriuent passages from tho Bishop ol Oxford did not bear ou thia question. Thoy spoko ol tho indestructible unity of tho Ohuroh of Christ. Ai to that Church, "tho gatos of hell shall not provai against her." Thora can bo no sundering botwcoi ObrUt and his people. Thors might bo tho deatructlni of tho Ohuroh of Eng'nnd, but no destruction of tin Church of Christ. It waa a principle recognised bj law, that In tho consecration of a bishop, tboro mustb an archbishop appointed by tho Grown and two otho bishops. That prlnolplo would bo destroyod by Mi Ctrdwcll's bill. One olauso declared that it would b lawful for any "bithop" to conaecrato any bishop for colouial dioceso, although ao royal mandato or iiccne wera produced, Mr. Cardwcll'd bill protected th Church In England from any such Intrusion. An would thoy stand by and BOO that Ohuroh watonl destroyed in ono of hor fundamental principles, morel toapsisttho Bishop of Capetown out of a diiliaulty bocatiso ho could not in South Africa got thrc-o binlio] tot;othcr to consecrate n now bishop ? Why h*\ anything in England different to tho Church hero I It TÍOS the beginning of a great evil; and God only knew where it would end. At home there was tho groat High Churoh party and the great Low Churoh pnrty ¡ tho latter of which tended to an oxtromo of unlicensed puritanism, and tho formor to tho extremo of Roman Catholic superstition. (Hear, hear, and No.) But thero waa tho groat middlo parry who kept the others from going to extremes. (Cheers.) But hero in this colony thoro was no such stato of things- no euch force of public opinion Thero was a dallier hero of extremo and exolusivo party feeling. Thoro might bo a contuinapious man in this synod, for all ho know. Thero had beon contumacious men in every part of church history. Thoy might havo a bishop of a very di (Te rout kind to tho prcaont Bishop, and ho might ohooso to consecrate thia very contuma- cious man to tho episcopate ; and so thoy might havo n -'i»oyito bishop, a puiitan bishop, and a broad church btsiiop, all in ono city exercising authority at tho samo time. Csnon ALLWOOD roso and said tho rovorond gentle- man forgot that by tho ancient laws of tho Church no bishop could bo consecrated excopt by three bishops. Tho BISHOP said Canon Allwood'a statomont ro- quín d somo qua'ificatinn, It would bo found that an Act of the Imperial Parliament would set aside the ancient laws of the Churoh in this matter. Dev. T. f-MiTii continued : Ho reaffirmed tho state- ment that tho bill authorised ono bishop to consccrato a bishop. . Mr. M. H. SrspiiEN ruso »nd said afr. Smith hnd overlooked the provision in tho bill-"if ho shall havo a liconso under the sign manual." Bov. THOMAS Sjtirn conoludod by saying he had rathor for tho Churoh "boar tho ills we have tbnn fly to others that wo wot not of.1' (Cheers ) Tho Bov. T. 0. Ew iso commenced by reading a por- tion bf Mr. Cardwell'« bill. It waa plain that' no mnu .date or liconso was required oxcopt within tho United Kingdom. Tho bill plainly sot forth that a consecra- tion might ba conducted within tho United Kingdom ; and outside tho United Kingdom without such a man- date. If this passed any heretical bishop-say Bishop Colenso-would have power lo como to thia colony and consecrate bishops here. He (Mr. Ewing) agreod with Canon Allwood, that tho nnclont law of tho Church was opposed to this clause. Becauso th's claus« would ovorrido tho rulo of tho Catholic and Universal Church, bo would havo much pleasure in voting with Mr. Gordon for those resolutions. This tenth clause scoured his voto with tho Chancellor of tho Diocese. (Hear, boar.) Hov. W LUMSIUINE, with permission of tho synod, nuked tho Chancellor whether thero was any colonial lagislatirn through which tho validity of the Utters patont constituting the eeo of Sydnoy woro not nffcoted ? Mr. A. Goat ON said ho would answer tho question, but in so doing would only roitorato an argumont he had already usod. But ho would Uko to givo his answer in writing, and would doao to-morrow. ,Itev. W. LUJISDAINE then said the question was whether thor were au integral portion of tho Church of England. Ho maintained that thoy woro so. Ho was no advocate for Eraatianism. But ' it would materially halp mombers of synod in determining this question to hear tho answer of the Chancellor lo tho question ho bad put. He took tho case of a clergyman, ordained in/England, coming here- somo yoars nonce. Would ho find himself deprived of nny of his privi- leges ? Now it WBB thoir duty to support tho letters patent They had all of thom practical freedom. Though not an established Church, thoy wero an integral portion of tho Church at home. They ought, as far nj their opinion went, to pronounce-the loiters patent valid, to all intents and - purposes. Then what confusion would . follow, - in years tb come, . if tbe bishops, instead of being appointed by the recommendation of the Arch- bishop nf Canterbury, were chosen by tho Church here! Thoy might haro a largo minority disputing the elec- tion of tho majority ; and two rival bishops might be set up. (No, no ) Let them do nothing to sevor the tie that bound them to the Church which had been tho grand bulwark of Protestantism. (Cheers.) Mr. M. H. STEPHEN thought it was time for some layman to come forward and express an opinion on this subject. (Hoar, hear.) Tho question WUB wbethor this subject ought or ought not to bo roforrcd to a com mitteo. It waa only necessary to show that thero wore difficulties surrounding this question which rendoied it impossible for this synod to como to a decision suddenly. If legislation took placo pre- maturely in England, that would bo no fault of theirs. No doubt practically an appeal to tho Crown would remain BB now, if tho bill woro passed. As for an appeal to tho Archbishop of Canterbury it was1 not of muoh importance . As far as his reading went, no appeal existed from this colony to tho Archbishop of Canterbury. The colony was not within bis provinco The only important question was concerning tho royal supromacy and this 10th clause. If this clause paaeod into law, ono bishop with royal sign manual might consecrate a bishop. But afterwards, hy anothor clausa, it was provided that a mandate would not bo necessary for tho consecration of a bishop out of tho United Kingdom. But if that woro passod no power on earth could impose a bishop, thus consecrated; on this synod, or on tho Ohuroh of England in the colony represented by this synod. As a voluntary association, this Church might refuso to.yiold obodionco to any bishop who was not consecrated with tho authority of tba royal man- date. If a jbishop of tho Ohuroh of England did go through tho idle farco of consecrating a bishop without a mandate, they would bo at liborty to treat him as no more a bishop than the moderator of a Presbyterian synod or a iowiih îrabbi. Thoy could nevor bo compelled to receivo any bishop against their will. And thoy would, no doubt, refuse to accept any bishop who bad not boen consecrated according to tho ancient law of the Church. Supposo half tho clergy and half tho laymen turned out contumacious, no power could prevent these contu- macious pcoplo leaving tho Church, and appointing ono of their own number a bishop. They could not secure unity by forco of . law, unless thoy could pirsuade tho British Parliament to pass a_ ponai law to prevent any man calling himself a bishop who waa not consecrated in accordance with tho ancient law of tho Churoh, Thev could not seauro unity simply by maintaining this doctrino of tho Queen's supremacy. Thoy wanted, if they would onforco unity, somo such Act os that which prevented Cardinal Wiseman boing tho titular Archbishop of Westminster. If bishops wore sot up, thoro would be no discord within tho Church itself. There was no discord in the Church of England in this city booauso there was ono presbyter who had separated himself, and gathored a congregation about him. (Hear, hoar,) It was now quito clear that the Church of England In this colony had been in a falsa position for many yoars. No ono now could exactly doune tho relation of this Church lo the Church at homo. Ho objeotod to tho argamonta of his friond Mr. Gordon, becauso ha dealt in generalities, and ho (Mr. Stephen) wanted somo moro definite grounds to go upon. ' Tho difficulty of selection of bishops was quito apart frota tho royal mandate. Supposing tho seo to bo vacant, and if one half of tho synod wished A to bo appointed, the othor half B, thero would ba a difficulty. Ho thought ita very good proposal to confer the soloction on throe bishop« in England. Did tho Queen eoloat his Lord- ship? (A volco: Tba Colonial Secretary.) Woro thoy prepared to say for all time, that this synod has novar to havo a voice in tbs matter? If so, be, asa nativo born youth, protested against It. They wera nor. for all limo to come, to hand over the e-election of bishops to any powor out ol' tho colony. Tho opportunity ihUBt hereafter como for dit talons. Tho Hov. H. A. PALMER said tho Hov. Thomas Smith startled him when ho said tho 10th clauso would givo uno bishop power to consecrate anotbor bishop. But ho found, after all, that bo had boen for tho momont frightened by a ghost. For, though ono bishop might consecrate another bishop, thoy could not, by tho laws they had adopted, rocoivo any bishop consecrated by ono bishop. (Oheers.) It seemod to him vory undesirablo for tho Parliament of England to pass any law at vr.rionco with tho ancient laws of tho Ohuroh. But ho could not soo how tho bill of Mr. Cardwell could affect thoir position a« members of tho Church of England. Ho was not made a member of tho Ohuroh of England by any Act of Pailiamont ; and if fifty Acts of Purlin meut declared him to bo not a member of thc Church of England, he could treat tho fifty Acts as more fictions. Ho had bean much frightened by Mr. Thomas Smith's statement ; but ho now saw that his fear was groundless. (Hoar, hear.) Until thoy altered tho wholo bas¡B of this synod, thoro was no danger of thoso evils whioU tho tenth clauso of the bill was aup posed to raise. They could not recognlso any man as a bishop (according to tho Bubrio) who waa not couso cruted by an archbishop, with tho Queon's man- dato. (Ho rend a portion of tho consecration ecrvico.) lio (Mr. Palmer) would not havo slept well, if ho had not discovered UIÍB portion of thu Rubric to be na it was. Ho thought all must admit that the tenth clause did profess to givo tho power to otto bishop of consecrating anothor bishop. But they wera perfectly secure against any such bishop, Ho did not think thuir status as mombors of tho Church of Est- land hnil boon fully defined. Thero was a dist inc trna ? between tho Church of England as a spiritual ccclisho- - lical body, and ns a political body. They been»« members "of tho Church of England as a spiritual antD ecclesiastical body by baptism, and their own volnntaiy adhesion. Tho tondenoy of legislation had bren tt> separate tho Church of England in tho colonies ÍJOJT. tho Church of England ia tho mother COUJ>ur- al apolitical institution. (Hear, hear.) Nothing ecol tb havo prevented that separation, but tho establish mont of tho Church of England in tho colonie». Whether by oversight or by design that was not dost Ho did no'say hu was glad of that; but they muy* accept the facts. Politically thoy wero independent oí" tho Church of England. But spiritually and ecclesiastically thoy wero members of tho Ohirreîtj of England. no, by God's gruco, hoped novcr to b« anything else but a member of the Church of EnglnnA. Should tho learned Chancellor draw up a resolo tion disapproving of that tenth clause, bo (Mr. Palmer): would support it. Otherwise he would support th.» amendment of tho Fev. Canon Allwood. Tho Bov. HULTON S. KINO said, in rofcrence tï what fall from the last speaker, it would almost teere that laws wero not intended for tho good but for ii» bad. If n bishop wero consecrated by o*» bishop and wero to como here, claiming authority,, ca» doubt his reverend friend (Mr. Palmer) would nut recoiv»* him. -But other pooplo might roeoivo him (tho bistioj). (Hear, hear.) Tho preceding speaker (Mr. M. Stephen; spolco of a number of people seceding and electing t bishop for themselves. Ho must say, according to tbe doctrine of apostolic succession, thoy could not regard? ono who was merely che sen by his co- prcsbyrcrs in tba Barno light as a bishop consecrated by other bishops. From all ho could learn, it eocmed ' to fejs* that Mr. Vidal's argument wont chiefly tee- the (impolicy of not removing certrrji grievances from porsons who woro labouring under them. But would any bill that morely propoet-iS to remedy possiblo injustice over bo sot aside Î Bnl they were to swallow tho whole, becauso part of thi medicino had somo segar in it (A laaph.) Possibly on experiment was to be mada (Tho Bisnor: Henri. bear) to carry out tho fancies of some who had an iden, of something in tho futuro thoy did not liko to ifefimr. Now tho members of tho Church in tho colony did uni like to ho mndo tho subject of a very doubtful experi- ment, (Loud cheers.) Bather let them say to thees. good, friends in England, who wonted-* thom to loop in tho dark, first is show that their castlo in tho air was a very substantial house. He (Mr. H. S. King) had done his utmost iv weigh candidly the arguraouts on both sides ; and ira oould soo no varianco between tho arguments- oí Mr. Vidal and those of Mr. Stack, and ho did not nt why tboy should not all at once agrco to tho recoin fions. , Oheers.) Mr. W. FOSTER moved tho adjournment of tie. elobato, which was carried, and tho synod adjourned »¡fc , 10.5 p.m. to 3.80 thia day. 