Melbourne, HuntClub Steeplechases. Stewards.'- Colonel Tapper, Messrs. H. Jamieeoo, George "Watson, R.' Power, M. Greene, and P. J. Keighran. Judge.--Mr. E. Bell. Starter.-Mr. George Watson. Ifotwithetanding the ;very , unfavourable weather experienced lately, noceeqitating thfe postponement for a week, the annual meeting, whibh fednie off last; Ch^BiS^i||r',^^010^009 vujin '«vety resjpcptaeuoceSfy and in! the matter. of aporfc |^p«ipiijg i&n; j previously held, jXhoatteodr aaoew& good, the nutnberof spectators being ? &toptited;:lrbiod finir'tb five ^pi^aad/^belii^ i from which bo eioelfent a view of the 'racing I can be enjoyed, was pretty well covered with ; huniaJii>ein$e,andJ!ie drond'Stand IpcL lawn 1 tenVViflckdiflifk gi^t, ffiasjy country.'- !J?be fair aex >did toot gladden'the 1 scenewiththeir'pre&enoe; in such numbeirs aft ! was expected at* meeting where the gtatle* ] menridersof 'Victoria wtafe to figurb %s4b¥ s chief perforata's. Thin Wdoutot was owing to ; tint rifetoofc; of HUEic^ney, whMtf#ih < prior claim tmbehalf of4heDeaf and Dumb | Irstitute ^prevented from hououring the coursei torijeanit <$m only «f tfi# memb«*t |of the was*«ibjeett^TOmtt^»to^k^httit#oaM| .tap directors of an institute which depends sq much on the support of the upper classes of edciefy, to have postponed their meeting also, and so enabled His Excellency'to pay h» Eromised Visit to Flemington. However, not eing ubiquitous, His Excellency was bound to keep his promise to .Jlje Institute, so no doubt the hearty welcome which would have greeted him last Baturdtfy onlfche metropolitan course wQl be reserved for*-the Cup day. The programme put forJfc'%r the club-con taining four races, the priniSiptJ one in value being the Metropolitan Stakes; to which 300 sovereigns were added-was the best ever issued by the members of the- hunt.' To the sporting public thiB race had peHiaps the most interest, but to the members of thehrtnt and those who take delight in our national sports of the chase, the Hunt Club Cap was par excellence the race of the day. To win the Hunt Cup is this height of the ambition of those who during the season have followed Mr. Watson's pack, and during many a rail the capabilities of the horses have been can* vassed with an eye to winning this trophy at the close of the season. The field that con tested this race, which was set down for the first of the day, contained as good a lot of hunters as were ever brought together in Victoria, and when the stiff character of the fencing iB taken, into consideration, it must be conceded by the most fastidious critic of cross' country performances, that both horses and jockeys acquitted themselves to perfection. Amateur jocks are usually notorious for an utter disregard of the starting bell. So half an hour's law was not considered too much ere the scales had turned off the seven .riders, only one of whom declared to carry over-weight, viz., Mr. Pearson, the rider > of the winner. The favourites were Mr. Herbert Power's well known horse Freetrader, the winner last year, and Banker, whose character asaeafo fencer and a pretty feet galloper was no secret. Wando had many friends, and waB the pink of perfection. The talent picked these three as the best of the bunch, and that their judgment was not at fault the result of the race quite proved, but it is very doubtful if Wando could have wonhad he keptonhislegs, as the other two horses were fast overhauling him when he came to grief. It was quite two o'clock ere the preliminary canters had been got through, at which time Mr. Watson had marshalled the gentlemen jocks at the starting-post, at the for side of the course, opposite the abattoirs. For the Metropolitan Steeplechase the horseB engaged were, with the exception of B&Uarat;, an in different lot, that is, to contest a race worthy of the name metropolitan, and to which so large a sum of money iB added. However, as there are no better in the colony, it is little use to dilate on that head. Ballarat proves the truth of the old saying on the turf, " Blood will tell," as, notwithstanding the weight he carried, it was simply a question ot a foil or not, as, barring the latter contingency, nothing in the race had a chance with him, not even the equine Colossus of Mr. Bowell, who it may be safely predicted ?will see a better day when he has gone to school for a short time. But notwith standing the disparity in the merits of the horses, the race was a magnificent eight, and too much praise cannot be bestowed on all the riders, but especially on Johnsson, who rode his horse with a degree of skill and judgment that would have done credit to Liverpool. Mr. Waieon's popular colours were loudly cheered on the horse returning to scale, and it is a matter for congratulation that BO valuable a stake has fallen to one who runs his horses more for sport and the honour of winning than for pecuniary considerations. That the best judges, however, can make a mistake, was proved in the next race, the Hurdle Race, where " poor old Flat" was by many reckoned " a moral,", but it turned out he was to fill the inglorious post of whipper-in, never having the ghost of a gallop in him, though he contrived to top the hurdles in tolerable etvle. The Selling Steeplechase was a second edition of " the Flying Buck," and a more ludicrous exhibition on the part of his followers could scarcely be imagined, the winner, Silverteil, going ahead by himself, taking his fences very cleverly, the gallant old Longbow, who waa second, but the shadow only of his former self, being scarcely within cooey distance. The two first races, however, amply compensated for any falling off at the end of the day's sport, and what with'the brilliancy of the weather, the deliciously green appearance of the course, and the exhilarating breeze from the sea, cool enoUgh to be refreshing but not too cold for enjoyment, the afternoon was as agreeable as anyeveff passed at Flemington, and thd members of bur Hunt Club are to be con gratulated on the success which has attended their annual gathering. There were fortu nately, also, no serious accidents, for though West got a good shaking in hia somersault from Prince, be is going on well, and Mr. Eeddin, beyond a few bruises, was none the worse for his coming to grief with Smoker, when he waB looking very much like a win ner. The races came' off in the following order THE MBLBOPBXE HTTNT.CLT7B C1TI?, Of 100 so'vs., with a'handicap sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each. For horses the properly ot^. and to he ridden by, members of the Mel bourne 'Htitit Club. Distance, about' (Imp miles. r " Mr. G. iVhiteon'fc br g,Banker, aged^ lOst. JLOlb. fln* . eludingS'lb.wer)(Mr.-J; PeaiBon).. .." ' - i," 1 Mr. 'fi.; iPowerVbr g Freetrader, &ged;,.llt&«ita> (owner) . .sfcSS&W; 8 Mr. W. J. Faris's b g Norman, aged, list. no. : (Mr. Forth) .. ,ip» . ' Mr. J. Budcodi's b g Smoker, Mr. B. Power's br g Watido, aged, Mr. $. WMwnl'a b g The Bard ag«L Jttet 7lbv(Mr. Cbamny; Mr. W. tr. "WiUtaHls'a bl Jg " (ifr. BMith) " .r ? . " .Blueskin was scrat Setting.-2 toTl* Banker, 4 to 1 og&t;*" ; ^e flag ..foil Bociet,. ,andj thafi- itwas" BOOH tool; fhe with the leaders, but running well, fell at the fence opposite the abattoirs. There Rocket also came to grief; and nothing else being in the race, it was left to Freetrader and Banker, who were still in pursuit of Wando. The latter unfortunately fell at the last fence, with the race apparently in hand, leaving the honours to be contended for bj the other two. The race ended in favour of Banker by half a length, after a close and exciting finish with Free trader. lime, 6min. 8sec. THE GREAT HETBOPOLITAN STEEPLECHASE, Of 300 BOVS., with a handicap sweepstakes of 10 sovs. each. Non-members to pay a qualification-fee of 3 sovs. Distance, about three miles. Mr. Watson's b g Ballarat, aged, 12st. 71b, (Johns son 1 Mr. Frazer'e, r g Bluoskin, aged, lOst. Gib. (Lierscli) 2 Mr. Kelly's b g Stranger, aged, lOst. 41b. (Dal lymyle 3 Mr. Pearson's g g Baron, aged, list. 41b. (Manley) 0 Mr. Coker's b g Prince, aged, lOst. 101b. (West) .. 0 Mr. Faris's br g Squire, aged, lOst. 41b. (Harden).. 0 Mr. Jillett'R bl m Black Bess, aged, lOst. Sib. (in cluding 81b. over) (Jillett) 0 Mr. Bowel)'a b g The Pony, aged, lOst. 21b. (in cluding 21b. over) (Wakefield) 0 Mr. Waldock'e chgCanary, aged,Ost. 41b.(Gregory). 0 Betting.-6 to 4 agst Ballarat, 5 to 1 agst Tbe Pony, Baron, or Blueskin j 7 to 1 agst Stranger, 10 to 1 aget Prince. When the flag dropped The Pony led the way to the first fence, followed by Little Joe on Canary, then Blueskin, Squire next, i the otbera in close attendance. At the second fence the pace became faster, and here The Pony, striking hard, disposed of his rider. Canaiy was first over, followed by Blueskin, Stranger, and Black Bess, Prince and Ballarat quietly waiting behind. Little alteration took place until approaching the double i fence in the straight, which Canary and Stranger took nearly together, Black Bess, Ballarat, and Bluey being close behind. Stranger next showed prominently, leading to the water-jump, at a good pace. The log jump was passed, as also the succeeding fence, when Prince came from the ruck and challenged Ballarat, the pair going on at their best pace for the next quarter of a mile, which brought them in close contact with the leading horses. The wall was crossed in safety, but opposite the abattoirs The pony again came to gnef; and when running well two fences from home Prince unfortunately fell, rolling over his rider. Tbe race now remained with three Stranger, still leading, BlueBkin by his side, and Ballarat on their quarters. In this order they took the last fence, between which and the hurdles Ballarat gradually went up, and disposing of Blueskin and Stranger, with very little trouble, won by two lengths. Nothing else was placed. Time, 6min. 8£sec. THE HANDICAP HURDUS EACE, Of 100 sovs. Distance, twice round the course. Mr. Coker's b g Valentine, 6 yrs, 9st 101b. (Wake field) ./ .. .. .. j Mr. G. Liersch'8 b g Dangerous, aged, 9st. 131b. (in cluding 31b. over) (owner) 2 Mr. Coker's b g Prince, aged, list. (Dalrymple) .. Mr. F. Tozerfe b g Monitor, 6 yrs, lOst 41b. (Para. loe) Mr. T. Jillett's b g Gay Lad, aged, ZOst. lib. (in cluding 31b. over) (Jillet) 0 Mr. Watson's g g Flatcatcher, aged, 9st. 81b. (Calla 0 Sir Tatton was scratched. Betting-5 to 2 agst Flatcatcher, 2 to 1 agst Valentine, 3 to 1 agst Dangerous. From the start Valentine cut out the run ning at a good pace, but was deprived of the lead by Monitor at the river side. The advan tage was of short duration, as he bolted at the succeeding leap. Gay lad then went to the fore, but at the abattoirs he also declined the hurdles. From this out the race was left entirely to Valentine and Dangerous, poor old Flatcatcher toiling hopelessly in the rear. A good race ensued between the two, Valentine winning by four lengths. THE SEIiING STEEPLECHASE, Of 50 sovs. Distance, three miles. Welter weight for age. If entered to be sold for £100, weight for age; £80, allowed 71b.; £60, allowed 141b.; £40, allowed 211b.; £30, allowed 281b. Mr. Faris's b g Silvertail, 5 vrs, £80, fist. 111b. (including 61b. over) (Harden) 1 Mr. Bright'e b g Longbow, aged, £60, list. lib. (Ca)ligan) 2 Mr. Keighran's b g Charles O'Malley, aged, £40. 10st 6lb. (Wakefield) .. .. .. 0 Mr. Fitz's b g Emblem, aged, £30, lOst. lib. (Manley).. .. ' 0 Western was scratched. , There was little betting on this event, the favoiirs being divided between Charles O'Mal ley and Longbow. Directly the flag fell, Surertafl went to the front, was never headed, and won in a canter; Longbow a bad second. Emblem baulked at the log fence, and spoiled the chance of Charles O'Malley. Winner sold for £50. 