THE FUNERAL OF LORD PALMERSTON. In compliance with tke wishes ef her Majesty, the remains of the late Lord Palmereton were deposited on Friday, Ootober 27, in Westminster Abbey. An immense concourse of persons assembled in front of Cambridge House at an early hour to pay a last tribute of respect to the honoured remains of the deceased nobleman. All around presented an aspect befitting the obsequies of one so sincerely and universally deplored. In all the neighbouring houses the close-drawn blinds testified, according to our simple customs in the burial of the dead, the regard of the occupants for the memory of him who was about to be conveyed to his last earthly resting-plaoe. But it was chiefly in the extent, character, and demeanour of the crowd that was seen the due appreciation of the importance and solemnity of the occasion. Since the burial of the Duke of Wellington no funeral has brought into the streets of the metropolis so large, so intelligent, and so respectable a portion of sympathising spectators, and yet, as for as mere trappings and outward show were concerned, the melancholy eortege differed very slightly from those frequently witnessed in this city, and made but scant display of the ' boast of heraldry ' or ' the pomp of power. Of the crowds who lined the whole route of the procession from Cambridge House to the glorious old Abbey at Westminster, it may be truly said tbat a more quiet, orderly, reverential congrega tion of people was never seen at any ceremonial in the public thoroughfares; and by for the larger portion appeared in deep mourning. Every window had its gazers ; the people clustered on every jutting point at the base of the Gauds' Memorial, and they filled the ugly cage at the top of the Duke of York's pillar. The first-named of these two monuments might, with good warrant and good taste, have borne some token of the time, if only a single yellow wreath of immor telles ; but it did not. Whatever glory of statesmanship was won in this country out of the Russian war, belongs to Lord Palmereton more than te any other ; for it was he who, taking the management of foreign affairs at a critical period, helped at least to end that war without loss of dig nity to England. The tolling of the minute-bell from St. James's, St Mar tin's, and other churches within ear-shot, was almost the only that broke the alanon, vhich was so still ''t i deep that any distant , hum which for a moment became audible at once arrested the attention, as if it had been some startling and unwonted noise. At Chaiing-cross and all over Trafalgar-square the faces were so many, and so thickly packed together, that the effect nearly verified those ridiculous old drawings of great crowds, in whioh the heads appear to be a far-stretching heap of pale cannon-shot. Shortly after 12, the procession started from Cambridge Home in the following order : — Corporations ef Bolton, Salford, and Dunstable; Dover Harbour Board ; Corporations of Stirling, Oxford, Sunder land, Birmingham, and Wolverhampton, Bradford, Maccles field, Liverpool, Portsmouth, Southampton, Glasgow, Edinburgh, and Tiverton; London Insh Volunteers; Romsey Volunteers ; Corporations of Romsev, bandwich, and Hastings ; Metropolitan Board of Works; forty seamen, Trinity House Corporation; six offioers, Naval Reserve; Trinity House Corporation; four membms of Corporation, London; four ditto; four ditto; one Sheriff and his Chaplain; the Lord Mayor, his Chaplain, Sword and Mace Bearers. THE BODY, in hearse, drawn by six horseB, with escutcheons. First Carriage. — The Right Hon. W, Cowper, the Rev. Henry Sulivan, Right Hon. Lawrence Sulivan, Admiral Sir W. Bowles, K.C-B., the Earl of Shaftesbury. Second Carriage.— Mr. Henry Hippesley, the Rev. G. Baker, Mr. Lawrence Hippesley, Mr. William Hippesley. Third Carriage. — The Rev. Spencer Cowper, the Earl Cowper, the Hon. Henry Cowper, M.P., the Hon. Evelyn Ashley. Fourth Carriage. — Lord Ashley, the Hon. Lionel Ashley, tbe Hon. Cecil Ashley, Yisoount Jocelyn. Fifth Carriage. — Hon. Frederick Jocelyn, Viscount Sudley, General Sir G, Bowlas, Sir G. Shee, Mr. Charles; Banington. Sixth Carriage. — H.R.H. the Duke of Cambridge, Vis count Bury, the Lord Chamberlain, the Archbishop of Canterbury. Seventh Carriage. — The Right Hon. the Speaker, the Lord Chancellor, the Earl Russell, the Earl Granville. Eighth Carriage.— The Duke of Argyll, the Right Hon. W. E. Gladstone, the Right Hon. Sir George Grey, the Right Hon. Sir Charles Wood. Ninth Carriage.— The Earl of Clarendon, the Earl de Grey, the Duke of Somerset, Lord Stanley of Alderlev. Tenth Carriage,— The Right Hon. E. CardwelL the Right Hon. C. P. Villiers, the Right Hon, Thomas Milner Gibson, the Hon. Hemy Brand, M.P. Thece were followed by carriages of the Queen and mem bers of the Royal Family, the foreign ministers, the mem bers of the British Government, and many others. Precisely as the clock struck one, the head of the pro ceeaion arrived at the west door of the Abbey, and anon those stationed in the south transept began to see slowly pacing towards the presbytery or sacrarium the fore runners of the mighty dead. First came the deputations from provincial corporations ; tho very first by right of seniority being that of Winchelsea, represented by its mayor, Mr. Charles Robins, and by ius accompanying ' Barons,' Mr. Robert Styleman, Mr. Robert Skinner, and Mr. Samuel Griffiths. Then came deputations from Bol ton, Salford, Dunstable, and Stirling ; the Dever Harbour Board ; the corporations of Oxford, Sunderland, Birming ham, Wolverhampton, Bradford, Macclesfield, Liverpool, Portsmouth, Southhampton, Glasgow, Edinburgh, Tiver ton, Romsey, Sandwich, Hastings; and, lastly, twelve commoners ot the corporation of London, four abreast, one of tbe Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, aooompanied by his chaplain, and the Right Hon. the Lord Mayor of London, attended by his chaplain and by the City sword and mace bearer. Several of the provincial municipalities had brought their regalia with them, and the sparkle and glitter of a stray mace or staff, or silver oar, had a solacing effect in the midBt of the more than Gothic gloom which overshadowed the choir. The day, nevertheless, outside was bright and sunny as spring. ' Happy is the corpse that the rain rains on ; but the coffin of the late Premier was housed beneath the roof of the Abbey ere a single drop had fallen. The aky smiled upon his funeral, but scarco a ray could pierce the Cimmerian shadows of Westminster Abbey in October. It was less a mist than one heavy umbrageous pall of obsourity tbat seemed to hang over tbe assembled multitude : and only at rare intervals some statue of purest white marble would Btmggle from the tenebrous haze, and assert itself like the ghost of a dead and gone ccntury. His Royal Highness the Prinoe of Wales did not join in tbe procession in the first instance, but on his arrival at the Abbey, he was conducted to a stall in the choir. An adjacent stall was occupied by H.R.H. the Duke of Cam bridge, The heir to the Crown and the Field -Marshal Commanding-in-chief were in plain mourning ooBtume, but on both, beneath their cloBdy buttoned eurtouts, thp blue ribbon of the Garter was perceptible. The deputations from the corporations were speedily suc ceeded by a bevy of the Queen's scholars of Westminster School, in snowy surplioes, preceded by some of the alms men of 'Westminster, in their quaint gowns. To these followed the chorister, the minor canons, the canens in their full robes, the Sub-dean, Lord John Thyisne, and the Very Reverend the Dean, Dr. A. P. Stanley. Then came the body of the deceased Premier. Ob either side wcro fivo Cabinet Ministers as pall-bearers. Tho chief mourner was the Rev. Henry Sulivan, ani the remainder of the mourners were those whom we have named as filling the carriages in the procession from Cambridge House. There was the huge tray of black feathers carried in Ihe procession ; and the viscount's coronet of the de ceased was borne on a crimson velvet cushion before the coffin. Beyond these, and the usual display of weepers, scarves, and hatbands, there was but very little of the millinery of ' black work' visible at the funeral of Lord Palmereton. In the actual procession there may have boen a hundred and fifty persons. Add to these some fifteen hundred who had obtained tickets ef admission to the nave, about five hundred on the platform of the south transept perhaps two hundred and fifty in the triforium or galleries above the transepts, ind a hundred more for the clergy, choristers, end officials in general, and a total of some two thousand five hundred wul be obtained. At least a thousand addi tional spectators eauld have been accommodated ; but it was presumably the intention of the Dean and Chapter to keep the attendance as select as was compatible with the pre servation of its character as a public funeral. On the ooipse bong met at the great west door by the clergy and choir, the organ began to sound the mmirnf&I; prelude to the funeral anthem ' I am the Resurrection and the Life;' ' I know that my Redeemer liveth;' and ' We brought nothing into this world.' The effect of the silvery voices of the aholr-boyB alternating with the deep tones of the adult singers— now shrilly ringing, now resonantly surging through nave and aisle — that unseen music, still palpably advancing on the ear as the procession paced along the nave, was indescribably beautiful. The coffin, baving passed the screen and through the choir, waa placed on a massive bier under the lantern. The coronet and cushion now rested on the coffin, at the head of the corpse, and the pall-bearers ranged themselves on either aide. The ninetieth Fealm, to Purcell's music, was then chanted ; and to thiB noble performance succeeded the Lesson, the fifteenth chapter from tho firstCorinthians, which was read by Lord John Thynne. The organ gave forth a solemn peal, and the proceBsien re- forming, the coffin wbb borne to the grave, situated in the northern or Statesmen's transept, as it is termed, in oontrast to the Wits' and Poets' transept, or ' Corner,' opposite. The grave, longitudinally speaking, was parallel to the choir and nave, and somewhat to the left of the centre of the transept. Its brink was veiled yesterday by matting, and it presented few of the repulsive features which are too often associated with tho work of the mattock and the spade. The peers and other dignified personages who had assembled, at the Dean's invitation, in the Jerusalem Chamber, ana had occupied seats in the choir during the early part of tbe ceremony, now flocked into the north transept. Here the scene was most imposing. The most distinct figures were the Prince of Wales and the Duke of Cambridge, wearing the ribbon of the Garter partly covered by their mourning coats. Their Royal Highnesses stood prominently on a raised platform. To their left was the Dean in his stall, and then came the bearer of the coronet, standing at the head of the open grave. Between the princes and the grave stood the pall-bearers, and at the grave's foot were the chfef mourners ; while all around were grouped the many mourners who had hitherto remained in the ohoir. The magnificent anthem, 'Man that is bom of a woman,' was now sung, and the nobility and solemnity of the sight culminated. In that little group of dark-clad men stand ing for away, and looking like pigmies between the colossal columns of the transept, there were (he rulers of this land of England— Lord Russell, pale and motionless: Mr. Glad stone, cold end composed : the Duke of Argyll, Sir George Grey, Lord Clarendon. Sir Charles Wood, the Duke of Somerset, Lord Stanley of Alderley, Mr. Villiers, and Mr. Milner Gibson. It needed a piercing lens to make out, from an immense distance and a great height, all these familiar forms and faces. How small they looked, haw lost in the midst of that great, yawning Gothic area. Anon, while tbe organ went ou pealing, and the voices of the men snd boys rose dearer and louder, higher and higher, until at last the saints and martyra storied on the gemb'ke panes of the oriel window seemed to tremble, a ray of sunshine— the firsts for all the bright day without^ that had found its way here— came stealing in, now resting on the clustered columns, now throwing the arm of a statue, the sword of a hero, the wing of an angel, the olive of a Peace, the trumpet of a Fame, into sudden and bright re lief, and at last resting lovingly on the pearls and gold and velvet of that viscount's coronet, never to descend to another viscount of the Temple line. It rested there, glinted on the gilt braveries of the coffin, glanced off from the rigid emblazonments of the pall, and then fled away to be seen no more. At this moment (near 2 o'clock) the gathering clouds without cast a deep shadow within the walls of the Abbey, the rain came swooping down, and scourged the storied panes, and in an instant the whole of the vast expanse of the Abbey turned black. Then you could no longer see that pigmv group in the north transept ; dukes ana earls and Del ted knights, cabinet ministers and privy councillors, the dean in his pulpit, and Ihe Royal Princes in their tribune, were all blended for a time in one dark, inky mass. Some minutes elapsed ere the eye could accustom itself to the den sity of the shadows, and, taking the surplices of the choris ters as a resting point, once more discern the actors in that sorrowful drama. Then the coffin was lowered into the vault, the custom ary ritual being read with beautiful and almost startling distinctness by Dean Stanley. The collects were read; and subeijuently the impressive and pathetic anthem by Han del, '* His body iB buried in peace, but his name liveth for evermore,' was sung by thechoir. The service also included the choral sentences, ' Man that is bom of a woman,' ' In the midst of life,' ' Yet, O Lord God,' with Crofts music, and ' Thou knowest Lord,' with PuroelTe. And when Ihe ceremony was at an end, and the Prince was standing on the verge of the tomb to which had been consigned all that was mortal Af as wise^and bnivo a Minister as Gv-or Quo^n possessed — as statesmen and mayors, dukes and delegates, peers and clergymen, were struggling decorously but painfully, through the narrow doors in the railing of the transept into the choir — and as the great multitude on the black platform began to pour down on the pavement, and all was dissolving and collapsing like a chimera and a dream ; at this moment of dissolution and separation it seemed as though the whole framework of the giant cathedral was beginning to sob and heave with some sup pressed yet tremendous emotion ; as though the veiy pillars of stone, that had stood the brunt of neglect and violence and civil war and unbelief for tight hundred years, were rocking to and fro. But it was only the organ, now rumb ling, now muttering, now dimly sighing, now gustily groaning, and at lost bursting forth into the full and fearful majesty of the 'Dead March in Saul.' 