LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. CONCERTS AT THE SCHOOL OF A RTS. Os Monday evening last the first of two entertain ments advertised by the Amateur Dramatic Society came oif in the hali of the Armidale School of Arts. Long before the time fixed for the opening of the doors a considerable numlier of persons had assembled ; the building, evidently anticipating a crowded "mg anxious to secure for themselves comfortable sittings. On the opening of the doors the crowd in waiting immediately entered, and those having tickets for front seats at once appropriated to themselves the first rows of chairs, notwithstanding they were duly ticketed with names of different per sons as reserved seats, evidently adopting the motto . of " first come first served evgn_the chair rescryed I for his Honor the Judge was appropnaKd'at different I times by various new arrivals, who at once cheerfully % vacated" it on bemg lnformed for whom it was reserved. sfcffftTy' -afref tire performances "bad commenced" an enthusiastic round of applause announced the arrival of his Honor Mr. Justice Hargrave. the gentleman amateurs getting up the entertainment having se cured the patronage of His Honor and the legal gentle men attending the Circuit Court for the occasion. The entertainment commenced with an overture on the piano and violin, by Mrs. Ewins and a gentle man amateur, which was a splendid piece of music, cleverly executed, and evidently much appreciated by the audience " 0, Return, Love by Mrs. Lamb, followed, which was received with rapturous applause and encores, and responded to by"that highly gifted lady singing " The Last Rose of Summer-" which, in our opinion (if it is possible to say that she excels in one song more than another , was the gem of the evening. A comic song—" The Dog Nuisance"—by a gentle man amateur, in character, was cleverly given, caused much amusement and laughter, and was loudly applauded. " Mv tskilf is on the Shore," by Mrs. Lamb and gentle men amateurs, was sung remarkably well, and re ceived great applause. "Hear me, Xorma" (duet1, by Mrs. Lamb and a gentleman amateur, was most beautifully ex The Highland Fling in costume", and College Horn pipe, by a gentleman amateur, were danced in an exceedingly graceful and masterly style, and elicited from a highly delighted audience rounds of applause and encores. " Sweet Spirit, Hear my Prayer," by Mrs. Lamb, sung with great taste and feeling, was much appre ciated. "DinnaGang Avj," by a gentleman amateur, was also well received and applauded. "Lilly Dale," sweetly sang by gentleman amateurs, and beautifully joined in the chorus by Mrs. Lamb, evidently gave great satisfaction. " Have you Seen the Ghost ?" in character, by a gerr icmtn amateur, was well sung, caused great merriment, and was encored. " The Lonely Harp," by Mrs. Lamb, was charmingly sung, and received great applause. Nervous Cures, as usual, kept the assemblage in a continued roar of laughter, and was encored. The performances by the Amatenr Ethiopians were highly entertaining, eliciting deafening bursts of ap plause from a well pleased and highly amused audi The entertainment concluded with "God Save the Queeen,"' by the whole company. IVe may remark, in conclusion, that the whole affair was a great success, the audience seeming evidently well pleased with all the various entertain ments. and no doubt the large attendance on the occa sion was e-jnally gratifying to the gentlemen who had so successfully devoted their time and talent in the getting up of so great a musical treat, both vocal and instrumental, for the public generally, f On Tuesday evening the performances were re treated, the audience being much smaller than on |Monday evening. f 