? ?' II mill— »— — — a— M^— «M THE GENERAL HISTORY ' OF THE CHRISTIAN CHURCH FROM HER: BIRTH TO HER FINAL TRIUMPHANT STATE IN HEAVEN, CHIEFLY DE DUCED FROM THE APOCALYPSE OF ST. JOHN THE APOSTLE AND EVAN fyRTJST BY SIG. PASTORINI, ABRIDGED BY CATHOLICUS. Chapter VII. HISTORY OP THE FOURTH AGE OF THE CHRISTIAN CHURCH— THE FOURTH SEAL, TRUMPET AND VIAL; — THE RISE OF MAHOMETANISM — THE GREEK SCHISM AND. ITS PUNISHMENT. Apoc. VI., v. 7 and 8.. The opening of the fourth seal discloses to us : the. rise of the Ma hometan empire, which took place at the ber ginning of the fourth age of the Church, about the year 622. There appears to St. John a pale horse, and he that sits upon him is called Death. The pale colour of the horse evidently agrees with the character of the rider, who is styled Death. This rider is Mahomet and his successors. He is namea aeacn, because he destroys mankind, as is here said, v. 8, with sword, with famine, with death, and with the beasts of the earth. It is well known from history, what destruction and desolation Mahomet, and his followers, the Sara cens, afterwards the Turks have made in the world. The two first instruments of destruction here named are the sword and famine, the third is styled death, a general term, which in this place we apprehend means ' gunpowder,' which was invented about that period, and was em ployed by the Mahometans in a terrible manner. In fine, the last instrument of destruction here . mentioned is, .,the beasts of the earth, that is, horse-troops or cavalry, which though generally numerous in the eastern countries, will be much more used hereafter, as we shall, see — particu- larly in the account of the sixth age. . It is said that hell follows him, that is, the in ternal spirits accompany Mahomet and assist him, and his followers through many succeeding ages. Who is ignorant of the number of nations the Mahometans have conquered in Europe, Asia, and Africa ? Who does not know that in those countries they have almost extinguished Christianity, and planted by force in its room a sensual and abominable religion ? How many fair churches in Asia, founded by the Apostles themselves, have been ruined by the Mahome tans, and there is now scarce a handful of Chris tians to be found scattered through the vast 'countries of Asia Minor, Syria, Persia, &c.; ? What remains are there now' of Christianity in Africa, where formerly it flourished so much, and where were seen to shine such great lights of the Church, as a St. Athanasius, a St. Cyprian, a St. Augustine, &c.; ? Those regions having been subdued and. overrun by the Mahometans, have received their superstitions and impos tures. The same has also been the fate of that part of Europe, . which has fallen under the dominion of the Turks . How could such wide encroachments be made upon religion, but by ? the help and co-operation of the devil? We must, however, here observe, that this prophecy, though, already fulfilled in some measure in Mahomet and the Mahometan nation, will still be more fully accomplished, as we shall show hereafter, in Antichrist, who will be one, the greatest, and the most cruel of Mahomet's successors. And hence appears the reason why St. John is invited to the view of the present spectacle by the fourth living creature represent ing the prophet Daniel ; because that prophet diad foretold, the coming of Antichrist and his great power,. as we shall see in the sequel. Here then we discover the rise and progress of a power which in the course of time will become /the mighty empire of Antichrist ; the destruction of which is reserved to be the work of Christ him self. Let us here remark, that in each of the four preceding seals there appeared a horse, for his strength, the natural emblem of power or empire ; that in the first seal the horse exhibited the empire of Christ ; in the second the Ariau heresy ? in the third, the empire of Rome fall ing away ; and in this fourth, the rise of the Mahometan empire, which, as no horse appears in any of the subsequent seals, we may conclude to be last great temporal power that will exist upon the earth, an enemy to the Christian Church. Apoc. VIII. v. 12. — At the sounding of the. fourth trumpet, behold ! the third part of the sun, and the moon, and of the stars is eclipsed,. or struck with darkness: a noble figure, indi cating that while the Church of Christ is in the most flourishing state, and shining like those glorious luminaries, a third part of it becomes unfortunately obscured by the fatal heresy and schism of the Greeks. . This schism was first broached by Photius at Constantinople in the year 866. It infected all orders of Christians, the clergy, the princes, and the body of the faithful, signified respectively by the sun,- moon, and stars ; and it lopped off nearly one third part of the Church, spreading itself from Con stantinople over a great number of the eastern Christian countries. Hence it happened that the Catholic Church was robbed of a third part nearly of her members of. all ranks and degrees, and was consequently despoiled of a third part of her lustre, which the prophet expresses by saying, that the day ' did not shine for a third part of it, and the night in like manner.' Thus at' the opening of the fourth seal, we saw the rise' of Mahometanism, which iushered in the. fourth age : here we see the birth of the Greek schism, a second remarkable event which, dis tinguishes what may be deemed another period of the same age, commencing, about the year 866. Photius, as above remarked, was the origin ator of the Greek schism. He was a mail' as remarkable for his learning and abilities as for his fraudulent pratices and boundless ? ambition. Be,ing a great. favourite of Bardas Ciesar, the uncle of the then Emperor Michael, and who governed the State for him, lie was in direct opposition to the canons of the Church nominated infthe year .858 patriarch of '-? Constantinople; - although there was at the time a lawfully ap pointed patriarch of that city. But the fact was that Bardas Cassar had been excommunicated by St. Ignatius, the lawful patriarch, and' in order to wreak his, vengeance on thai holy bishop prevailed upon his nephew the Erhpero'iv to banish him from Constantinople, which being done, he had the presumption to nominal!! Photius to the patriarchate. But no bishop could be found to ordain Photius till' he had taken an solemn oath to acknowledge IgnaUua as lawful Patriarch, and not to act without has concurrence and direction ; all which promises he shamefully violated as soon as he was placed in power ; upon this, complaints were made to Rome, and the Pope was informed of the trans actions at Constantinople by the patriarch lgnaV tius, upon which he addressed a letter, to all the faithful in the East, ordering the patriarohs of Alexandria, Antioch, and Jerusalem, and| tie metropolitans and other bishops to hol&.tite ^ same sentiments with himself in , regard to Ignatius and the intruder. Photius tried- , ' every means to make the Pope propitious to, nisi cause, but finding that impossible he determined to wreak his revenge upon him ;» for this, pur pose, having, as may be imagined, secured the emperor in his interest, he held a council of ' his adherents at Constantinople in 866 in which, he' presumed to pronounce sentence of deposition, and excommunication against Pope Nicholas :- and this was. the origin of the Greek schism* Nor did he stop at this, but next proceeded- to v ''' charge the western Church with an error .in faith, for teaching that the Holy Ghost pro ceeds not from the Father only, but from th© Father and the Son ; which tenet had, neverthe less, been taught by the Greek Fathers as well, as the Latin. It had, moreover, been approved; in the third general council at Ephesus, and ini several subsequent general councils and was ex pressly defined in the Ecumenical Council of Florence in 1439. Various attempts at different times were made to heal this grevious wound with more or less success, and chiefly in 1439 at the above mentioned council of Florence, where all difficulties having been fully discussed, the Greek Emperor, the patriarch of Constantinople, and the Greek bishops, professed, according to the faith of the Roman Catholic Church, that, the Holy Ghost proceeded from the Father and the Son, and that the Pope was head of the universal Church, &c.; Then the reunion. of the churches was agreed to, and a decree drawn, up1 for that purpose. The Pope, the Emperor, and , all the Greeks as well as Latins, subscribed the.' decree, except Mark, Archbishop of Ephesus^ who alone amongst the Greeks refused to sign it. ' Then they all kissed the Pope's hand, and em- ' braced one another in token of union and mutual charity. Thus was this momentous affair con- - eluded in 1439. ...'r But this bright sunshine of concord and joy - was but of short duration, for the Greeks not-/ withstanding what had been done at the Coun-T cil of Florence were still stubborn and rebellious, ^ nay they even many of them went so far as to re? j vile those prelates who had signed the Florentine., decree, calling tkem traitors and apostates. Inu fine in the year 1451, Pope Nicholas V., a pontiff r of remarkable piety and learning, grieving at the invincible obstinacy and stubbornness . of the - Greeks addressed a letter to Constatine' Palceo- ?- logus, then emperor of Constantinopole, to the - following effect :—' That the Greeks have ;' abused too long the patience of both God and men, .','. in persisting still in heresy and schism ; that, -' conformably to the parable in the gospel, God .would further wait, to see if the fig tree, after '. so much care and attendance in vain, would at: last yield fruit ; that if it did not within the ':- space of three years, which God still allowed '.i them, the. tree would be cut down by the root, - and the Greek nation entirely ruined by .the'-', ministers of divine justice, who would be sent to t execute the sentence already pronounced ia,- j heaven a^ianst them.' We shall presently se ? the literal accomplishment of the prediction. -' ?; Apoc. xvi. v. 8 and 9. The fourth vial show ' ' the punishment inflicted on the Greeks for their -. long and obstinate rebellion against,,the Catholic Church. . , In the prophecy of the fourth trumpet the ' sun was introduced to represent the principle of y light, here it is employed as the principle of '/? heat, v. 9, which are known to be the two chief - qualities of the sun.. The vial is therefore poured out on the sun, to convert its quality of . heat or fire into an instrument of divine venge- : ance against the Greeks. And in consequence,-; '?'? it is given unto him, the sun, to afflict men with ','???? heat and fire. In effect these people suffered - extremely by the destructive fire of terrible en gines of war, that were worked by gunpowder. At' the seige of Constantinople in 1453 by ?. Mahomet II no less than fourteen batteries of can- '??'-? non were emyloyed, besides the ships of war and ' in this dreadful artillery there were huge pieces of cannon that discharged stone bullets of two ????? hundred pounds weight. * With these the walla- - were shattered to pieces and the Greeks them-- ? selves miserably cut off. They were the more ?'?'?)', terrible as cannon were but a recent invention. ' Hence it appears how the Greeks were scorched, with great heat. ? -, ; ? 'And they blasphemed the name of God,' ?; that is, they spoke impiously against religion' audits ministers. They uttered- the most viru lent invectives against the Roman Church, pre-.f sumed to condemn its- doctrine, and tovtreat{ f with ignominy those Greeks who espoused it.- If They would not even pray in the same , Church r-; with those Avho had signed the; union. ?'???This '-'- spirit of animosity against the Catholic faith and ? : the supremacy of the Church of Rome continued - to rage, even at the time of the seige. Notaraa- ,- admiral of the Constantinoplitan fleet, seeing', the people struck with consternation at the viqw of Mahomet's immense armyj. scrupled not to cry ? out, he would rather choose to see. the , turban in Constantinople than a Cardinal's hat: '- 'In this manifold manner they blasphemed the name of God. What wonder .then, r that the- avenging hand of the Almighty, which they had armed ?— —— — ?— mi^miiii ? n ? ? ^— «aeaihBt themaelyeB fell at Jast as a thunderbolt 3ipon~them and crushed them. In the general ??week, the fate of Notaras was conspicuous. :After the city was taken, having surrendered himself to Mahomet, and presented him with a Tich treasure to gain his good graces, he was -nevertheless treated with contempt, and by the 'Sultan's orders was with his two sons, be headed. ?? The third vial in the preceding age was poured :out on ancient Rome and the Roman empire ; 'the fourth vial in like manner is poured out on rthe guilty Greeks, which pursues them through -their several provinces, and completes their ruin *at Constantinople, the seat of their empire, in 1453\. The Russian nations which had espoused the Greek schisms, and persevere in it to this iflay, have they not reason to apprehend a share in this vial, and being involved sooner or later in the punishment of those, in whose guilt they participate ? . Of the vast empire of Rome, the western part had been sacrificed, as we saw, for the extinc tion of idolatry ; and now the eastern part hav ing made itself the fortress of heresy and schism, is sentenced tfi be equally a victim of destruc tion. The Almighty had waited many years, to ' give them time to resume a spirit of obedience and produce good fruit, but finding their obsti nacy invincible, he cut them down like the Barren fig tree, as Pope Nicholas had foretold them. They refused the jurisdiction of a spiri tual superior, whom Christ had appointed over his whole flock ; and they fell into the hands of tyrannical masters, from whom they have nothing 1 to expect, but oppression, slavery and despair. JTo kingdom can stand that opposes the kingdom of Christ; for 'he is the Lord of lords, and King of kings,' and 'a two-edged sword pro ceeds from his mouth,' for the destruction of his enemies. ; [To le continued.) 