'BBBEXN, JCNE80.': 1 : ut Kiil lefr l)era«b^h^»ndMU-«rMV«' fp-wqaenm *>mor«inft;«l iSelokartMrg. ®* -lUjettriwafflMit wrthniltetHwlly TctaMrtd ?BaahgaBMaeffw* i; pspte«^ itoel^ 4»t8 «lain «h*ttt»B , AoaltiMM bus mtMaM OmMi^Tstim-- - t :1 wi. ..?".« .'] \i£'n *ottu.wtaR JomW.* i ' In KIbk of BubfMM lin .-to feV'-t at dTLw jnlpwl . $l» lwWM:-*wtt*wl tfartt -w through the Tootle Pass into the ValOi* monies* Bebub, JOLT L King Victor Wmtnamtel has seat a tele gam to the King ofPniBtia, congratulating Is Majesty npon the reoent success of the Prussian arms. (FBOH THS DAILY IBUSSAPH BPKOUX COB BKSPOBDBHT WITH THBJPRDBSUir AWfT.) * . RmCHjJ*BBWJ, JuWE 24. At last we have entered Bohemia. As far as the eye can reach ft fees Only ootamng ad vancing and sweepingpast.1 On crowing the borders and defiling before Prince "Frederick Charles and his suite they fill the air With, never- ending aoclamationS and snatches of song-"lefe bineln Pretaeae," "OhduDeutabh land, ioh muss marechiretj," " Hlnaus In die ferne mlt lantern hornerklang," and Sofortb The strophe " Der freiheite hauCfa geht machtlg durch die welt" is stillringingln thy ears. To pnt the finishing touch to this splendid martial spectacle, behold facing us the simply grand and majestic line of moan tain standing oat in Bh&rplv-dufiaed; oatline against the clear snnny sky. The Prince now spurs from colamn to column, now suddenly palls ap and anx16n«ly scans, with the help of the teleeoope and the map, the range of country before us. The Frinoe's head-quarters are for the time being-probably only for a day- at Schloss Harfenetstn, the property of the general of the army confronting as, Clam Galtas. Perhaps the name is a good omen for ns; for, from the era of the thirty years' war down to the present time, a Clam Gallas has never won a battle. All the generals of this race have been called by the Viennese the " Heertrommel "-drums of the regiment- because they were only|heard ofwhen beaten. But to be flare Graf Gondre oourt oemmands andSr Clam Gallas, ,and he is a bold man of iron. The troops are now bivouacking on an eminence. Out of the midst of the soldiers camping roand the fires towers a horrible statue- that of St Nepo muck. Artillery, baggage trains, cavalry, in fantry, repose in marching order, partly in the streets and partly in the open places. Arms, cloaks, baggage, are piled up in pyra mids; horses tied in pain, guns and carriages are drawn up in long ZOWB. In spite of the enormous fatigue* jof the march, the troops are in capital spirits, making the hills resound to their singing and shooting. An hoar ago single shots were heard at a dis tance. Now we know what they meant, for at the moment I am writing they are bring ing in oar first prisoners, two Radetsky hntears, magnifioent fellows, with handsome clear-cut features and a dark defiant expres sion. While the prisoners are being led to the rear to head-quarters, and the skirmish of horee is going on in the distance, theBky has become gradually overcast; and how the rain pours in torrents, visibly swelling the Neiese, with between whiles of light ning and claps of thunder. The troops aro lying under the canopy of heaven, and-in the mod. Every fi.e is extinguished ; never theless the sounds of laughter, spirit-stirring song, or round oftth, are hoard above the noise of the tain, the cashing of the Nolsse, and the crash of the thunder. Last night, during the whole march from Zittaa.. tq. Beichenbesg, alarms were con stantly sounded-what for, lam unable to ; say. To-day, too, the troope have been re : seategly alarmed. They believed and hoped ; that they should atlaat get sight of the rear guard of the enemy ; a vain hope. It is possible that while weaxs-pceesiog forwari without halting, BfcnSdek, With the' in«8a army, will throw himself on ibe Crown , Prinoe, onjyieavicg a few divisions to coor front^is in ordej: to divtot oar-attacfconahe enemy's flank. Asyetouraoldiershavebeen as well teceived as t>ne can, ezpebt1 iiP-aa enemy'4 ©ountrjr. Betobfinbsrg is Bwarndng ; with vodiesof troope marching into thB town,1 and encamping. ^I'fae SSth sad 60th (the Zouaves of the army), die £4sh and ftteh-<the ?vietpra at AlBen),in spite of tbeirdiminative tho buholdflfviiQdVBCtbtiy toy t(teir brisk, bold, and martialappearance. One .may see with half an eye that they have already smelt powder. And how thespiendtd fallbws glpry intheprospeot of a rough tnssel with iait enemy superior in numbers! . The Po me ranians form a striking orattast -Co the lithe, supple Brundenborgers. One gives these ,heavy,. broad-shouldered fellows credit-even before proof-for being men&obe; relied on to 'the death. We.know for oertain that they, Itop, Uke their fonfebmSn tin War-of L1 tit ration, can handle a gau or bayonet. Their assault in a body: mhst .be trem*ndoui>-1 shonldsay irresistible; tout whether, like the jBrandenbargers, they oan (fight--singly,' or .whether jthelr officere daretaave tfeeta tb themselves fort». memaat.iueyi0t to be proved. The East Prussians are also -a Sine set i Yx>u only need look at them to know thatthey .will never fly.. Beiekenbeig jls a highly interosting town, in a lovely country, surrounded by woodea heights.1 ifc.ll eyes are turned to the mils lying opposite, - pehind which the presence of the eneoty is 1 Buspected. The grahd range of hills In the dibtanoe now disappeau in (floods of rain* and' toist, now mysterious and ghost-like tt rears Its headr from «at the moving masses of yapoar. BtAiind the hilU lie the .famous battlefields of Ziska, theProkopsofthe Thlrty and of the Seven Year*' <Wars. The appear ance of the distant idllsi^rows more >thnsaboq^ Ins. The mi«ifari wi|l tOffflttifff fa tietivv Mbi pact masses,andaettld ofi«tw mo^ta^-tops, bhrOPdbg thofeiHfioni onr view. Thi^fcts^ ' Ward lies our line of maiclb - What awaits ns ? ?get wbea Austria and Germany have been compelled to make still greater sacrifices for the restoration of the Bund. However, the qualifying xemark is added, thai this is only . wish, the fulfilment of which they dare not hope for. The semi-official Norddeuitehe AUegermeint Zeitung has the following " The opponent -of Prussia are attempting to disseminate through the foreign press ttie invention that Prussia intends annexing Hanover and Electoral Hesse. They most have forgotten that Prussia for many weeks has made untiring exertions to bring abuut the es tablishment of a German Parliament, and that the Prussian fundamental proposal for the formation of a new Baud in no way interferes with the independence of the German States." The same paper talkr, however, In another article of the Hanoverian Government of King George and his Minister as the " former Hanoverian Go vernment," which expression is repeated etveral times, aud looks rather ominous. The Bavarian Government have vainly tried to obtain a loan in Paris and elsewhere, and it m now stated that the National Bank of Austria has come to the rescue with a con eiderule advance in ready cash, which was probably lying idle in the coffers, as 110 more epecie payments are made by the bank. The terms ate understood to be anytning but easy. In the Grand Duchy of Baden, which was last in dtciding upon mobilisation, ana join itig the Austro-F ederak they are now making ®P for the lost time, ana arming with all p eible speed. The troop3 will join the 8th Federal Army Corp6, under Prince Alexander of Hesee. A letter from Baden in the Nate, xranfyurter Zeitung warns against the danger of allowing the Ultramontane party to deliver op the country altogether to Austria, which would be as bad as getting into the hands the "Great Prussian" party. The writer winds up with " God save us from both, and give Germany the victory." . The Elector of Hesse Caesel, who is " stay mg" at Stettin, has the privilege of removing to Kcnigebeig if, on account of the cholera or other reasons, he should desire to do so The Caetle of Stettin, where he resides, was formerly the residence of the Dukes of Pome zanla, the last of whom was Bogoslaw XIV. *ho died in 1637. It has before been used b kind of state prison. The Governments etdl represented at Frankfort have deter rnined_ that the Government of Electoral Hease is to be carried on in the name of the Etector by a commissioner. The Federal troops aie to act in conjunction with the siroaj of Field-Marshal Beoedek according toaiolot plan of operations. It ia eaid that 5*- 10 4B8tro-FederaI troope are to wear the cadge with the German colours. The Duke of Ooburg about six or eight weekeago took the precaution of Belling his large family property. Grain burg, in Upper -Austria, to his cousin, Duke Augustus, in Vienna. The Chamber of Representatives of Coburg <?pthaihave agreed to the proposal for a nnion with Prussia, and declared that the German Confederation is to be considered as dig solved. They have aiflo voted the credit de manded by the* Government to place the <*otha contingent on a war looting, and to mobilise the same. The free city of Lubeck has agreed to the ftnmlnn jHopoeals for the formation of a new Confederation, and promised that its oonttngart shall in no way be and against ftWM. The Senate of Hamburg has also Voted thei adoption of the proposal, bat de clined placing its contingent at the disposal of zfuaiia. Bremen leaves its contingent in oonneTion with the (Bdmbnigamy. Brum wick wishes to remain neutral. The federal contingents of the Prussian allies inNorth Germany, with the Prussian I*ndwebr of the second baa and part of the reserve, are to be formed into two new reserve corps m tbe Prussian army. In tome organs of the German press it has been, repeatedly stated that proposals for Peace bad teen made by AuBtria at Berlin, through special confidential agents. Accord utto these runouts Prussia was to have all xxo&tnzouem;, and part of former Austrian Possessions, now divided bet veto Baden, Wur iembcBB.and Bavaria. On thaother hand, It m atatod that Bert von Sjdow, formerly P/ussliuixepiieaentative at the German Diet, ii' i*?"** last ? few dayB, been twice tMo King of Prussia, and it is as eertad that an important mission to the Smw to be confided to him. Herr voa 8ydow is to ' - of the maintenance of tee'fitfflflniami ? Soiae«f the enus and war material taken at ciwtow already arrived at Fienaburgh, in ScWeiWig. . The Holstein Verordmmgtblatt contains an officii notification thatyoung men liable to uwoonecription cannot obtain the usual per* "Ste to ieave «a»e country and stay abroad, f^manWInni authority of the , ^^ Hanoveriaa army that surrendered to t^ Pwrtanaoonrfsted of eighteen battaliofas ?of Jnfwitey and a i>attalion of chasseon. oae JUHiMts battery, *wo batteries of 12 IPounjierR, and three batteries of ipounders, ofcavalry, ^ussan, coliastfem, *> .An>Aositian officer of high 3 have bean In command, offidal-rttwrt iias been re , .J irom the <btad?quarters of .--i.VSsto,-*! Santa Maria, on the laWIP frontwr , i 9$mbLr-Stnk» 26' artillery, ninety guns, was brought up iota the line of battle, to meet which the enemy was leinforced by (he la6t brigade of the 6tb CorpB and its reserve artillery. The advance of the enemy was eoon checked, and as Boon as our corps, strengthened by an infantry regiment and reserve, had taken up its position, we were enabled energetically to assume the offensive. The hostile Prince Sol en's Cuirassier Brigade was defeated by a brilliant charge of the 1st Uhlans and 8th i Dragoons, under General von Wnuck, after a desperate hand-to-hand combat. Each regi ment captured a hostile standard. General von Wnuck, Colonel von Treshaw, and Lieutenant-Colonel von Wichmann, the com- , macderc of both regiments, received honour- < able wounde. j " The infantry, whose fire had baen of ad- j mirable effect, attacked at various point# with the bayonet, and took possession of the ad vanced woodland and surrounding ground. In these operations the flag of the 3rd Deatsch meiiter battalion fell into our hands. I " Towards three p.m., all the enemy's troops | were in retreat followed up by the fire of our artillery. One detachment of the 1st Uhlans succeeded in capturing two guns; three others were abandoned in the hasty retreat The cavalry, supported by 60ilie of the infantry, engaged in temporary pursuit, while the bri gade of the 6th Corps that came uo towards evening undertook the vanguard. I returned to Nacbod about six o'clock, after I had seen almost all the troops that had been engaged upon the field, And had .thanked them in your Majesty's name. "The battle of to day is an honour to General von Steinmete and the 5th Army Corps. I cannot sufficiently praise the extra ordinary coolness of tbe young troops. All arms have vied most gloriously in the dis charge of their duty. The needle gun effected considerable slaughter, and caused the failure of all the enemy's attacks, which were under taken with great rapidity. The artillery displayed rare powers of endurance in face of the hostile fire, at first greatly superior, and the cavalry showed itaelf more than a match for the so- much-vauhted Austrian horse. Upon the Austrian side, twenty eight battalions were under fire, from alt of which prisoners have fallen into our hands. The 6th Corps, on the other hand, had only twenty-two battalions to op pose to this fcrce, and of these the troops kept in reserve only came under the fire of gren ades. The brilliant success of the day has been puichaeed with comparatively slight; loss. From all I have seen I estimate it at from 500 to ?00 men, among whom are a very considerable number of our brave officers. In addition to those already mentioned among the superior grades, I have to report Major von N.ttzmer, of the 8th Dragoons, killed; Major-General von Ollech ana Colonel von Walther, commander of the 46th ftegiment, wounded. The enemy's loss is, on the other band, veiy large. Over 2,000 ptisonecs are in our hands. His dead lay In many places in heaps, BO that I estimate his total lose at over 4,000 men. "The trophies taken were the above-men tioned five guns, one flag, and two standards. 1 shall not fail to forward to your Majesty, as soon as possible, further details and a special list of lOEses, together with the names of those who bad the opportunity of especially dis tinguishing themselves. " FBEDIBICK WILLIAM, Crown Princei General of Infantry ana Commander-in Chief of the 2nd Army." , The following official despatch refers briefly to the events of the ensning day . " BMSLAU, JUNK 29. " I have to announce to your Majesty a second victory upon the 28tb, more hotly contested ana more sanguinary than upon the 27th. Great loss in officers and men, though that of the enemy decidedly greater. Some trophies have been again taken, but the number is still uncertain. Numerous prisoners kave been made. Skalifeis'in my hands. An order of Benedek'a shows that I was opposed to-day by theArchduke Leopold, with the 6th and 8th Corps. After battles my troops are full of courage and enthusiasm, breaking oat into load cheers. ** STEINMTZ ** King "William delivered the following; speech <o the people who brought him ah address yesterday evening; ^Tkntfwyoutpatdotism^onieefinom th& heart, «nd lt is therefore gra;tefill tomlne. God has given oar valiant «raries the vic tory, but this is only the beginning; a dim cult task remains' still to bis accomplished. As victory has always attended onr banners, with God's help, thfc future will be ours also, j With this hope I go to. the armyto-mOrrpw. Up, then, with God for King arid Fitter landf His Majesty uttered the last sentence in* load voice, standing with bared hiafl, and holding his helmet in his uplifted hand. 