Frjtnoe and Mexico. The Paris correspondent of the LOHson Tuus gives a minute account of the cinmmstances under which the EN^CROR N^XDOON despatched U. BslUard ONJT ^IEDIL tnisslnnTO Mexico. He wasbitr* nod to the palaoe, wben the Kwperor aiud he wanted him to set out without daisy far MBMBQ, with A NFEMN from him to Maximilian. He was to tell MAX- HNTTISN that be considered that he (Napolean) had fnlfilled all the obligations imposed on him, and that the time had now arrived when Maximilian must depend upon" his own resources, without DIE help of the French airmy. M. Salliard asked for aome. credentials, bat the Emperor observed that there was no necessity for «ny documents; all be had to do was aimply to rntraient to Masimilisn the conversation be bad just had, and that would sufficeile reconuncndedM.'Halliard, moreover, to loee no time in setting out for Mexico, but to depart by the first steamer.— NEW Vou ONNVU. TNLLUMN. A long period had elap. «ed before it was known to foreigners that any audi race of people existed in Burmah a* the Karens, TIUWGHUvingin large numbers andin considerable village communities scattered all over the an- DUAT eapirt TRF BUMUH, they bever sfeetned to attract the attention of Europeans. In the year 1828, DNNU a visit op the galween RIVIR, the late tterT Dr. Judson met some of these people far die first time. In the year 1890, they were encountered up the Tavoy river by the late Rev. Mr. Boardman. Almost with his dying breath, Mr. Boaidman gave over charge Of his faithfnl Karens to his friend and suoceasor, the author of the U Reli- GOI^MYTH(JOGY and Astronomy among The BEV. Dr. Mason of Toungoo has labored most assiduously among this interesting raoe for the last thirty six yean. He it a Uioroagh master of the Karen language, and the translator of A very huge portion of the Bible ipto the Sgua Karen dialect Dr. Mason appears to be one of the moat industrious of living Missionaries. The more real bard inteU lectual work he aocomplish«,\ the more he finds to do. A Committee of the British Association for the advanoament of Science addressed Dr. Maaonaaetin of U Qo*am wspection the human nee." DR.Maaon'A.nsmeisnotonlyverythroturhly known all « over the United States StatM of Amerifla, bat it is • extern extensively imown in Great BritaiaandMMog OEKANEDM* vans of Oeratany. Ibe London Lottdoi)TRACT Tnct Bodety have printed and distributed hundred of thousands of copies O# a work MR W Dr. Mason ftitided The BW. or the Xaren A^Mde; oflbe] tish faO the Karens ly acof information, with whom Dr. Mason is quaintbd. Onthesutyectof the XDBITM of this tribe, it is Mated, thattbe Karens pray more and make more OBIERINGA than th« BURMESE} but their only object in these observances is to obtain benefits in the present existence, principally health and prolonged life, so tney cannot be regarded as religious, while the "Burmese make them to procure benefits in a future state, and are therefore A religious people though by no mesas ao moral a* the Karens.— Relative to the traditional belief of this people, 'the Karens believe in the existence of one eternal God. the Creator of tiod and thecreathm that mustbave been derived from DIE old Teatament Scripture. The fallowing affords a specimen of »FT these ideas.' — God oommanded, but Satan e : the dragon.' 'The dragon looked on them—die They were beguiled by means of a yellow and white kind of fruit The. DRT^ONWOF bourse theafrpaPt OF icripture. and the fruit is the fruit of the forbidden tree, whkh Adam and Eve were -PROHIBITED JROM using under the penalty which followed. "" These ideu could only bave been obtained from 'the Mosaic account of the creation and fall of man, as given in the book of Genesis. - 4 The Sgua and V*n Karen NII^E of God ia Ywa, but the JJ^haisUSE a prefix TJ-vwa. tptlus name Ta-ywa, appear to be of Oil The word Ta-wa word and ~ literally H always used as an iu origin rah is also a Burmese urmiw vtounmae etenu l - " the noun, I'ys, ULORDJOR God, "wher the aurreme Buler of the universe, or the true God is meant, in contradistinction from those gods of the Boodhist system, whichwere transient and passing. In the first pamphlet Dr. Mason has brought together an immense deal of intarnation on die traditional belief of the They are not idolaters they toterate wteau all sorU Of afaaord They look with coqta^mpt upon IM^EA of Uieir Burmese NE^GHBDURA and use a couplet widj RE&renoeto; tbem. "Gandunili drowsy, 1 He cannot save us." ^ Of A future state,Karen ideas are »ery confused indefinite and contradictory says Dr. Mason. The tradition is a melee of diflerent systems. The' American Indians and the Karens appear to correspond IN their notions of a future world. Their belief represents the future world aa a counterpart of this one located under die earth, where the inhabitants are cmployed precitdf u they are bere. When the sun eetait rises in the KAMI Hades, AND when it KTI in Hades, itnaes on tlns world." An illustration it given in proof of this view of the case. A beautiful woman died and her husband mourned her loss. He applied to a prophet, or necromancer to restore his wife to him. The dead woman was raised j aeoordmg to the tradition, in the evening ! and she attended to her household work daring ihs night She would iall a sleep in the morning and appear dead all day, and revive in the evoung awl be a live sli night. Karens believe this world to be densely populated with spirits. Bach person has ml goiffdian Rpim moving about bv his side by day end by night Trees, men, mountains aad every living moving thing has its attendant spirit It is a sort of defender, as well aa a ministering angel. The heart, the mind and theaoul of man are all embodied in one word. Some German critics, remarks Dr. Mason, savthat" Psyche in Homer signifies only the breath and the life, never as in the language of later times, the spirit or aoul, yet it goes tb Hades and contin- «tea to live there. 'The Karen word is LA, signifying spirit or life- It existed before man was bora. It remains with him until death, lives after the death of the body, and for aught that appears to the contrary, it is immortal No moral gualitieearepredieatedof'it It neither good nor bad, but is merely that which gives Kfe to mortality.' Dr. Mason's metaphysical mind has enabled him to go deeply into the aubtUties of Karen metaphysics. He treats of departed spirit, of ghosts, of witches and dessc<^brtune, a notice of which intoning topics, we must reserve for a fflturt day.— KAMOOX Tnus. 