M EETIN G A T T H E MECHANICS’. On yesterday evening a very crowded eetiog took piece iu the Mechanics’ Institute o hear Mr Cansdell give an exposition o f his iews on an Income and Property Thx. Near he platform , we noticed many of his upporters a t his recent eleciion, euch as Mr 'Rielly, Mr Jam es Salier, Mr W. W alker, M rH .H in sb y , and several others. Coniderable impatience was manifested, wheu Mr Cansdell did not make his appearance at he appointed time. When he did appear he xcused himself by stating he had been etained in the House of Assembly, as the ubject of Railways was introduced, and he ished to give his views before the bouse on hat subj ct. He alluded to a letter which ppeared in that day’s issue of the ‘M ercury.’ He charged Mr Allen, whom he described as art ghost, part prieBt,and part eom ethiug else, with w ritiig that letter. He described Mr ohn Uavies as attempting not only through he ‘ Mercury’ of misleading the public, b n t in arliament, as attem pting to brow beat embers, who were resolved to set indepenently. There was some excitemeot when e commenced to address the meeting, but hen he began to express his views as avorable to an Income and Property Tax, he was listened to attentively. He refuted the statement of the ‘M e r e ly ’ respecting the bill brought in by Ministers, as to its being mere jargon. He said it was drafted in ccordance with the English Bill, as drawn by Sir W. Folliott, and Sir F . Pollock, and stated he had not seen the ministerial bill until he took it from the pigeon bole of the House of Assembly. While he was favourable to the principle of the bill, he was not prepared to give up the Custom Duties, nntil they had a surplus tn carry out an extensive Railway policy. He then went on to say th a t he would not tax any man’s income under LIOO. and not at the rate ot 6& per cent. He was not for a wool tax or a tax on aoy export whatever, but he should be favourable to an acreage lax, and white this would affect the wooLgrower, it would increase agriculture, as the laod bolder would be desirous of turniog his land to the very best account. When be ceased to address the m eeting, Mr O ’Rielly was called for, but owing to tbe noise in the body of the hall, we could catch notbiog of what he said, but tbat be w as favourable to Mr Gansdell’a view*. M r W alker was favourable to tbe scheme, as a t first propounded by ministers, and the same tim e was an advocate for reduction in the public ex ­ penditure. The Hon Mr F y sh w as called for, and expressed himself satisfied with the explanation of his friend, and he added that he knew him too well to think that he could be guilty of any inconsistency. He represented the attacks made upon Mr Cansdell ashbelious, and felt confident the constituency of H obart Town had every confidence in him. Mr Ilinsby on being calledjforward reiterated the sentiments of Mr Fysb, and proposed a vote of confidence to their member, which was seconded by M rO 'R ^ily, and carried by acclamation. The hon member briefly returned tbaoks, and tbe meeting separated 