ROMA. (From our own correspondent.) My last communication, short as it was, would eiplain to your readers how it was that they had not their usual quantum of gossip from lloina. Not only would it be rather hard to tax my memory with what I, last week, little dreaming of a raging fire, consigned to the down country luail Ing; but remembered or not, it would be a day after the fair. 1 have a faint recollection of dU tinguUhing myself us a correspondent, but, as the devouring and infernal elemeut swept away every trace of my weekly letter, no did the events of the most dis astrous morning that has ever yet dawned upon Roma completely era«e from my memory all that I meant to give to the public, through your columns, on the 9th of Aoveraber, ISCfl. Ah far as the evidence of Mr. llassarath can throw light on the matter, it appears that he was awakened about 4 a.m. bv a loud report. He had not occupied a. lied-room during the past night, but had a shake down on the Huh of the second parlour, a room situated between the coffee room and the bar. The report appeared to him to proceed from up-stairs, and he lit once ascended to the top story and went the round of the bed rooms. Finding that nothing had occurred in that )-art ot the bouse he returned to the second parlor, aud opened the door of communication between it and the bar. He then saw lames issuing from ft small aperture which led to the cellar. The flames spread with such rapidity that all attempts to arrest them were unavailing, and it was as much as could be done on the part of the proprietor and his servants to prevent loss of life. More thau one innate had a nar row escape, tor the flames, after reaching the staircase, ra^ed with great fury, giving out a volume of fire that was perfectly appalling. The great heat caused the igni- , tion of the 1'illiard room and adjoining store, and shortly after the theatre, occupied at. a store by Mr. Croshie, commenced to play its part, and a row of stabling fol lowing suit, it may be said that upwards of two acres of ground were overhead a mass of flame, which rose high above any trees in the vicinity, and every now and then gave out showers ot burning flakes that threatened to spread destruction far and wide. Had there been any wind blowing, the ignition of Messrs. Zireman sod Oo.'s as well as Messrs. Lewis and Co. (late Benjamin), was inevitable; and, in that event, the premises of Messrs. Ahrens, Do vine, Schneider, and Kay would have been involved in the general fate. With anything like a, breeze from the north or north-west, what is UBually termed 'The Squire' in Roma must have been a quadrangle of ashes and blackened BtumpB in less than an hour from the time the flames pained their Ascen dancy in the locality ot their first outbreak. Ae it was, nothing but great personal exertion saved Messrs. He man k Co.'s premises and those occupied by Mrs. Moor head and family. Wet blankets on the roofs (oh, these bark roofs !). plenty of water, and useful neighbours, who emulated monkeys for the nonce, and, taking to climb ing, stood bucket in hand washing every Bake that name glittering through the air, and, above all, the absence oE wind, avertel for this time a conflagration that would have gone far to nullify all progress msde by the Bomuw in the hut two years. But, work as all might, they could notstop the big fire, the heat thrown out by which was sogreatthatallattemptsatsalvage were relinquished, and the flames were allowed to have their own way, while those who had been foremost in their efforts clustered on the roofs ot the adjoining buildings and looked on at the great work ot distraction. What was but a few days since an ornament to tho town— a place where nearly everybody met ; where ? piano was generally tinkling, and merry voices having their my— is dow a pile of twisted bedsteads, galvanued iron, a store or two, a couple ot brick chimneys (which stood the war bravely}, and the ghost of so gotateUe, which really and truly wanted burning down, but which, of course, its owner not setting a farthing nine on it, defied the flames that crushed np the adjacent buildings. All ot these valuable, ot course. Its a queer worM I Bow is it Oat jnst«Bsnre»sweloseoMfiietohildreiv sod cannot kill - with say amount of «sin) our tnf-mU trapelit, as tile French term them 10, to all cases of great calamity, everything that costs money, that is ornamen tal, or available for business, is nude** end of, and reb bUh spared. The writer ot this once travelled in * 'Hansom's Patent' to &e; sees* ot a great fire tear Bethnal Green, London. He Am saw a middle-aged female, slightly singed, Wdwtfol sitting on m re versed fire-bucket. She had lostfeer dweUing, tin clothing of herself, Irasbsiia, «i-dohadreB, to furniture, ft*., but fad tared ? tage green «tton ambMlh, sad la hand-basket containing what was appsrenOr Ulqr clothing. »ewwBe»rijioyo«»,ltw* ttfa»|ifc»Jt Mr. IbwA b insured U the UTerpoo! ta« London *»* Queensland Insurance Offices lor £»000. i*tal ** to ?skitli thtiMMMt tepawit «ds, wtfch. cited* *rer ttvtnl *« 'Mfc- fiSittlM career, *a- mm »?«*? * ****£*- fcrings its own reward, and the M*nno» Hotel km ever ? 'bouse of c»U' for tboaa who, UriDg good cheque* to 'knockdown,' remembered that 'no' had never beenwid tothem when times were bad. I might expatiate on this subject to an extent which would eihaurt ibe patience of jour readers, but how erer this very great caliuiity bas shocked ns. Of course in joar locality it matters little whether we were burnt eat of house sad borne. We should bare your sympathy, that I am sure of, bat then sympathy would not pay for a cask of water. I hare much to tell you about Mr, Tooth's sav-nill, bat that, with other weighty matter, most be deferred until the neit issue. I append the mere results of the Circuit Court, ray full report having been destroyed in tiie mail, which was stored in the M&ranua; Hotel ; and du only say en pattanl that the ramming up of His Honor in the can of Margaret Williams gave anything but satisfaction to those who knew anything whatever ?boat the case. I shall allude in a future communica tion to the case, as it was brought before the jury (I wish I could say as it ought to hare been brought, before the intelligent twelve), and your readers may judge for themselves. In the meantime, accept my meagre report of the Circuit Court, and trust to next week, when we hare got out of the confusion and distress occasioned by this fire, for a bit of news which will embrace something interest ing to the general reader. Roma, Nov. 15, J86i!. 