A MEDLEY OF "POETRY." We cannot tell how it has arisen, but the fact is certain, that for some time past a great idea has sprung up in the district as to the possession of poetical genius. Week after week we have received heavy enclosures, with urgent requests that we would insert them in our columns; and, because we have not done so, very angry have been the complaints that we have done the several authors great injus- tice. We confess that several of the compo- sitions we have been unable to read, and in others we have found rhyme without reason or reason, without rhyme—sometimes both. There may, however, be a mine of hidden genius we are unable to appreciate, and as we have not time to alter the grammar and spell ing of some of the local poets, or might in- jure their style, we now make amends by in- serting a selection of them verbatim et literatim as they have come to hand. The first is from a thick foolscap parcel, the efforts of a bush Schoolmaster, who in sending them, tells us that they "were wrote without premeditation," and that he can supply any quantity more in the same style. Further that he was a member of the press when in Ireland, and that there may be "a fiew words rong in the spelling which he had not time to rectify." The Schoolmaster certainly ap- pears to have been a little abroad, but let us hear what he sings of— THE SQUATTER'S DAUGHTER. (A NEW AIR.) O bushman row me oer the tide Across the Murrys water I just came from victoria side To see the squaters daughter. The squatters home is near at hand I'll gain it if I hury I'm all the way from Yankeeland So row me oer the Murry. CHOROUS. Come take me in your light canoe Across the Murry water Fifty pound I'll give to you When I see the squatter daughter. If you came from the Yanke shore Too see the squaters daughter Then gallantly I'll row you oer Across the Murry water Think not thos banks are bright green But brood upon the danger If you are on the border seen By Morgan the bushranger. The robers ball I do not dread Although a Yankee stranger On Sally's ample love I'm fed To brave the greatest danger No other thought or care have I If once across this water Than oer your gloomy hills to fly And see the squaters daughter CHOROUS. Come take me in your light canoe Across the Murry water Fifty pounds I'll give to you When I see the squater's daughter. The next comes from Bowna, and at any rate shows that the population there is of the kind which Dick Swiveller would denominate "decidedly jolly" and like him perpetually requesting each other "to pass the rosy." We only insert the first stanza as a specimen, as the remainder is merely personally descrip- tive of the inhabitants at the Twelve Mile Creek and their propensities and habits:— SONG. AIR—"The King of the Cannibal Islands. Come all you lads of Bowna Creek And listen to me while I speak Of things that happened quite a treat When we were down at Bowna. How some were singing some were blowing And some there feats of strength were showing While some the grog were quickly stowing Beneath there belts at Bowna. CHORUS. Hey for frolic fun and glee We are the boys to drink you see For don't they all get on the spree When we come down to Bowna. Bushrangers and bushranging have found their admirers among our poets, and to them it did not appear to matter one jot whether the subjects of their verses were what the world calls thieves and murderers. The "poet's eye in a fine frenzy rolling" looks on them in another light, and elevates them into heroes and victims and martyrs. Hear what one poet says of THE CHARGES AND SENTENCE OF FRANK GARDINER. TUNE—"Primrose of Ireland." Frank Gardiner is caught at last And was in Sydney jail For wounding Sergeant Middleton And robbing Mudgee mail For plundering of the Escort The Carcoar mail also T'was for gold he made so bold And not so long ago. His daring deeds surprised all Throughout the Sydney Land Upon his friends be gave a call And quickly rais'd a band And fortune always favor'd him Until the time of late When Bourke the brave O'Maley too Met with a dreadful fate. Young Vane has surrendered Ben Hall's received death wound And as for Johnny Gilbert Near Binalong was found Alone he was, had lost his horse Three troopers hove in sight He fought the three most manfully Was slaughtered in the fight. Day after day remanded And guarded from the bar Fresh charges came against him By people from afar They prosecute the buccaneer The hero of the band For bailing up and robbery A terror in the land. Farewell adieu to outlaw Frank He was a poor man's friend But the Government has secur'd him The laws he did offend He boldly stood his trial And he told them in a breath Do wha you will, you can but kill I have no fear of death. His trial is over And sentence he's receiv'd But from the cursed gallows The highwayman is repriev'd Two and thirty years he's doom'd To slave for the Crown He may damn the day, he well may say He met with Mrs Brown. Our schoolmaster referred to above, appears to have been infected with a similar mania of of admiration, and writes thus of the "noble hall," meaning Ben Hall the deeply dyed rascal whose reign was far too long for the credit of the colony and the safety of the lives of its population. DEATH OF BEN HALL THE BUSHRANGER. Shall we rejoice the death of hall or sad deplore his fate We know he was a noble soul we know but know to late One fault he had that he was true and this the only cause He was made a rober by the state and hunted by its laws He loved a country though perverse twas his native clime For treachery lay on every side his honour called a crime The name of Wales he rendered dear his wife above the all But for r fancy paramour she sold the life of hall She sold him to a Government what did his life pursue The confiscated o'er his land when nothing else would do She swore he was a bushranger to drive him from his shore For eagerly she sounht to win her fancy paramour Woe to the night that noble hall lay on the wattle green He sought the spot in safely where he before had been He little thought the blood hounds lay beside his grassy bed And long before the bread of day the noble hall was They sought the ambush where he lay and over him did creep And in the treacherous hour of night they shot him in his sleep With Thirty balls they pierced his brest and Two more through his prains Then of the bore the trophy of the noble halls remains His sister weeping sought the spot where noble hall was laid And kneeling oer is shattered form in sympathy she said Curse on the hand that laid the low thy country wife and all For by their cruel treachery they murdered you Ben hall The Native youth may mourn his loss and weep above his grave He was the laurel of their soil in love or danger brave But since he fell a foe to state then mourn him one and all For many a soul shall die in Wales before another hall. Poetry and politics are always bound to go together; and, accordingly, Apollo has touched the strings of the lyre of another local muse in the form of AN ACROSTIC. G ive me a lift, for weak my legs are, E ven though stout, each one's a "shicer." O h! woe's me! for I feel my pegs are R un down, and stiff as "Silas Wegg's" are: G one to pot like the "Advertiser." E ven the fat of the squatters' giving M akes but a poor impression at most O n my poor shanks; 'tis terribly grieving T rusting to you, and you deceiving, T ill I'm forced to give up the "Ghost." Here this week must close the selections from our accumulated stock. Next week, in order to do justice to all, we will give a few others, so that it may not be said of our respected contributors that— "Full many a flower is born to blush unseen, And waste its sweetness on the desert air." A Woni) on Quarrelling.—If anything in the world will make a man feel badly, except pinching bis fingers in the crack of the door, it is unquestionably a quarrel. No man ever fails to think less of himself after it than before. It degrades him in the eyes of others, and, what is worse, blunts bis sensibilities on the one hand, and increases the power of passionate irritability on tbe other. The truth is, the more peacably and quiety we go on, the better for our neighbors. In nine cases out of ten, the better course is, if a man cheats you, quit dealing with him; if he is abusive quit his company; and if he slanders you, take care to live so that nobody will believe him. No matter who he is, or bow he misuses you, the wisest way is to let him alone; for there is nothing better than this cool, calm, and quiet way of dealing with the wrongs we meet with. A MISSIKG HUSBAND. — A delinquent husband is thus advertised for in a Yankee newspaper by his loving spouse:—" Lost, strayed, or stolen, an individual whom, in an unguarded moment of loneliness, 1 was thoughtless enough to adopt as my husband. He is a good- looking and feeble individual, knowing enough, however, to go in when it rains, unless some good-looking girl offer her umbrella. Answered to. the name of John. Was last seen in company with Julia Harris, walking with his arm round her waist, looking more a fool, if possible, than evfr. Anyone that will catch the poor fellow, and bring him carefully back, so that I may chastise him for running away, will be asked to stay to tea by Henrietta Smith." The Digger Indians have a splendid remedy for the small pox. When one has it, he closes the door of his hut, kills his dog, and then shoots himself, which effectually removes the disease. What would probably be the last act of a pastry-cook His last puff. Of all the dust thrown in men's eyes, golddust is the most blinding. That young man to whom tbe world " owes a living" has been turned out of doors—his landlady not being willing to take the indebtedness of the world on her shoulders. Jones is a strong, believer in guardian angels. "If it were not for them," he asks, " what would keep people from rolling out of bed when they are last asleep ?" A yoahg lady's first lore kiss has the same effect on her a6 being electrified. It's a great shock, but soon over. The botanists tell us ther£ is no such thing in nature as a hlack flower.' We suppose they never heard of the " coal black Rose." Ifj asks an American paper, Brigham Young's hundred -wives favor tbeir lord "with curtain lectures, what, oh, what must be the nature of "Young's NightThoughts?" Murphy was asked how it was so very difficult to waken him in the morning. " Indeed, master, its because of taking your own' advice, .always to attind to -what "Fm about; so whenever I sleeps I pays attintion to it." : ' A'young fellow, 'the son of an eminent dancing-master, applying._to a friend as to what trade or profession if would behest for him .to pursue,. w:as ,Mswei¥d,,i-I think ynu cannot do better thai follow the E&ps; of yonr lather." i •'/ ta A western editor, /q}eBldng «F, a .-quill? dnvinjg conttmporaiy, intellectjs, fo dense that ,it-would take tlie ^ugurjpf? mmon sense: longer 1 to. bore into it rthan' it ^to bore through Mount Blane -withia boiiea^®^-''/-.." •, •••• ,-WEgu yn^ s^JsL^y first, I lost my second; may ypu evpr, ppssea-jjiy whole!—Hearffi ... Why is theitread-mill like^VNe^conTeit? Becfeuse- its- turning 15 the - rfestilt w tisa; """ v-" -.'-..v ,• • • • t : " •l . 1 You .eat,it, you (fankjit^dsnv, ft yho can i f it is sometimes a woman, and soina&mes; ja k 1 JTS^TIZ"- „ - , j \- ' A-n eaitorj -Epfeafang of'a%rge find fat®ontemporary, remarked that «-u%gi6ss.- fem^1- my the. (pokey's I •are nibBling at ioer "" ' 'j 