legislative council. TVesday, Decemiieu 17. The FjIFSIDENT took the Chair at 2 o'clock. PiiTtTION. The Hon. J H. BAB 110 W presented a petition from '/J I landholder-, farmere ami residents of Gawler ana bight, praying that the session may not he closed till some measures were taken to give relief to the agriculturists on account of the failure of the wheat crops from red rust. He stated that he believed there were some signatures which were not genuine, but signed by deputy. The PRESIDENT intimated that the petition could he received, but the signatures referred to would have to he struck out. I Received and read. THE OCEAN MAIL SERVICE. Tire Hon. W. MORGAN wished to direct the attention of the Hon. Chief Secretary to the cir cumstance stated in the Register tliar the branch mail steamer had left some packets behind at King George's Sound. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. H. Ayers) would direct the attention of the Postmaster General to the subject. RAPID BAY. The Hon. J. H. BAl'KOtV asked the Hon. Chief Secretary if a petition had been presented to the Government in reference to the erection of a Police Station at Bullaparinga instead of at Rapid Bay; and, if so, what action had been taken relative thereto. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. H. Ayers) replied tiiat he would make enquiries oa the subject; PRINTING COMMITTEE. The ISth report of the Printine Committee was brought np, received, read, and adopted. MESSAGES. On the motion of the CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. H. Ayers), the Marriage Bill and Mineral Rents Bill were ordered to be transmitted to the House of Assembly. A message was received from the Governor, informing the Council that a Commission would shortly be appointed to enquire into the subject of diseases in the cereal crops, as requested by the Council. PARLIAMENTARY PAPER. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. H. Ayers) laid on the table a paper relative to the appropria tion of the Immigration Fund, called for by the Hon. J. Baker. RAILWAY EXPENDITURE. The Hon. H. MILDRED, pursuant to notice, asked the following questions:—"X. What railway bet teen Strathalbyii and Middieton is alluded to in the schedule to the Railway Loan Bill, 1867. 2\. What sum has been expended on the Strathalbyn and Middieton Tramway. 3. What sum has been expended on the Roseworthy and Forresters Rail war '' TTp PYtVlivnpH. in refprflnpA tn thp firct: way.'" He explivned, in reference to the first question, that the Council had no knowledge of any "railway" having been authorized between Strathalbyn and Middieton, and generally that the information referred to would be useful in connec tion with the consideration of the Railway Loan Bill. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. H. Ayers) replied as follows" 1. Th; rail war authorized by Act No. 1, 1866, assented to Julv Cth, 1866; 2, £50.359 14s. 7J.; 3. £14.600 14s. 2d." These amounts, however, did not include the liabilities iucurred in respect to materials ordered from England, nor those of existing contracts. He had confiued his formal reply to the terms of the questions put to him. The Hon. J. T. BAGOT asked the Hon. the Chief Secretary—" The amount of money ex pended on the following lines up to the present time:—The Strathalbyn and Middieton, the Forresters and Burra, the Narracoorte and Mount Gambier, the Port Wakefield and Hoyle's Plains. Also, what amount will be required during the present year for these lines; also, the amount expended for surveys, anil whether such sums for surveys are to be charged against loans or againt the General Revenue." The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. H. Ayers) said J as the hon. member had put his question in a i more comprehensive form thau the Hon. Mr. j Mildred, he was able to give a more general reply. It was contained in the following:—"Return giving amount of expenditure on the following ' lines up to the present time, viz.:—The Stratha'byn and Middieton, the Roseworthy and Forresters, the Forresters and Burra, the Narracoorte and Mount Gambier, the Port Wakefield and Hoyle's Plains; also what amount will he required during j the present year for those lines; also the amount expended for surveys, and whether such sums for surveys are to be charged against loans or General Revenue. StrathaTbvn and Middieton i —Amount expended in the colony from revenue, £9,999 15s. Sd.; do. do. from loans, £31,009; do. by Agent-General do, £15,250 18s. lid.; I total, £56,393 14s. 7<L Amount required for ex- J penditure during the present year, nil; amount ! expended for surveys charged to revenue, £1,001 4.=. 4d.; do do. on loans, £162 13s.—total, £1,363 17s. 4d. Roseworthy and Forresters—Amount expended in the colony from loans, about £S.09U; do. by Agent-General do., £6.600 14s. 2d.—total, £14.61/0 14s. 2d. Amount required forexpenditure ! during present year, nil; amount expended for surveys charged to loans, £1,074 lis. 4d. For- I resters and Burra—Amouut expended for surveys charged to revenue, £825. Naracoorte and Mount Gambier—Amount expended for surveys charged to revenue, £876 15s. 5d. Port Wakefield and Hoyle's Plains—Amount expended in the colony from loaus, about £5,000; do. by Agent-General do., £6,614 18s.—total, £11,614 ISs. Amount re quired for expenditure during prescut year. 1S67, for freight, about £220; amount expended for surveys, charged to revenue, £74 15s.; do. do., do. loaus, £1,759 19s. 4d.—total, £1,83114s. 4d." RAILWAY LOAN BILL. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. H. Ayers) moved the second leading of this Bill. Though the motion had beeu discussed on two previous | occasions he hoped he should lie excused if lie went over the same ground again. He would endeavour to he as concise as he could, hut as hon. members would desire to have as much informa tion as possible upon a subject of so much impor tance, he would he obliged to trespass to some ; exteut upon the attention of the House. The first item contained in the schedule was for completing the railway between Strathalbyn and Middieton, J and providing rolling- stock—£44,060. These works had been sanctioned h.v the Parliament; and though the Hon. Mr. Mildred, in his questions, had drawn a distinction between tramways and railways, the Government knew of no such distinc tion. The line was intended to be used for horse traction, and the Government had not and never i had any intention to use it for anything else. The second item was for constructing a railway from Roseworthy to Forresters, and providing rolling stock— £124,008; and the next item was for com pleting the railway from Poit Wakefield north wards— £39,000; but a3 the Council had determined : that an alteration of the gauge should not be made, ' the whole of that amount would not be required. The next line in the schedule was for providing additional rolling-stock, plant, rails, and buildings on the lines of railway to Port Adelaide and to Kapuuda—£73,000; and there was the item of ] £10,000 for additions to the jetty terminating the tramway at Port Yictor, and for extension thereof and the lines of rail to Granite Island. This amount was required for the completion of the works commenced under the Act of 1862. Then there was the item for constructing a railway from Mount Gambier to Narracoorte, and providing rolling-stock—£270,003; and £260,030 for con- j structing a railway from Forresters to Red ruth, and providing rolling stock, both of which lines of railway had been sanctioned by the Council. He went into these items to show the Council that these works had been authorize/1 to be constructed. What the Government asked I was that the Council should not allow money to be raised in the way proposed to enable these works I to be completed. If the General Revenue had j been buoyant enough to permit of rlis works being completed by its aid, the Government would not have applied to the Council to authorize money to be raised upon bonds. The Government, not finding the General Revenue sufficiently elastic to justify these works being carried on by its aid alone, were compelled to call upon the Council to allow money to be raised by bonds. It was the impression of some persons that the Government had adopted some stratagem which was of an under handed character, and which had never been em ployed by previous Governments. It was further stated that the Government had altered the tram ways from their original design, and had increased the expense required to complete them. This was wholly false, ilie reason why the Government j asked for the raising of this additional money was simply to complete the railways and make them a success. He would be able to show by a paper which he would shortly read that Sir. W. Hanson, the late Engineer-iu.Chief. had been allowed 10 per cent, by a former Government to complete ; these works, because it was found utterly impas- ' sihle to finish them within the original estimate. He did not wish to reflect upon Mr. Hanson, or the Hon. T. English, or the Government to which that gentleman belonged; hut when a statement was made in public that the present Engineer-in-Chief was expending money more extravagantly than his predecessor, he thought he was justified in reveal ing the red state -f the case. After furnishing the Council with the information which he was possessed of on the subject, he thought it better i to leave it in the hands of the Council to say whether or not these accusations were true. It was not the intention of the Govern ment Jo make public works more expensive than could possibly be helped or actually required. He was sorry that an attempt had been made to mix up the privilege question with the Bill. It was all important that nothing like a question of privilege should he mixed up with a Bill of that nature, unless stronger grounds were adduced than had been shown on that occasion. He had been several years in the Council, and had as regularly as any member attended to its business and possessed considerable knowledge of the privileges of the Council; and his experience prompted him to warn lion, members not to take the dictum of others as to what those privileges were, but to be guided solely by the practice hitherto adopted by the CounciL He asked them to draw their own con clusions from the facts of the case. He would go back sevi n years—to the year 166)—when the Hon. J. T. Bagot was a member of the Government of the day and a member of the House of Assembly, as were also the present Hons. Mr. Parkin and Mr. Mildred. A Bill was then brought in asking for power to raise £46,000 by bonds for the com pletion of South Australian Railways and the Adelaide Waterworks. He would point out t hat this Bill of 1860 did not refer to railways exclusively. The Bill came dawn in due couse to the Council. It was regretted by hon. members that more money was wanted, hut nothing was said of the j Bill being an encroachment upon the privileges of | the Council. (The Hon. .T. T. Bagot—"Hear, hear.'') The lion. Mr. Bagot said "hear, hear." Well, he was glad to find that gentleman to be the champion of the privileges of the Council. At the time the Bill he referred to came before the Council, tiiey were presided over l>v Sir J. H. Fisher who was always jealously watchful of the privileges of Parliament. Many of the present members were, like himself, members of the j Council at the time he referred to, ami could bear ' out the accuracy c.f his statements. He asked hon. members to bear in mind what was done by tlic Council in 1860, and hoped they would act consistently with their previous conduct, en t if tlioy threw the Bill out to do so upon its merits, and not on ac ount of its being alleged to be a breach of the privileges of the Council. He credited the Hon. Mr. Parkin with possessing a reflective and conscientious mind, and he trusted that that lion, member would draw his own con clusions from the part practice of the Council, and not rely upon the dictum of some persons who pro fessed to understand the matter. He had been thus precise in this matter in order to show lion, members that, the mixing up the Bill with the privilege question was improper, and that in doing so attention was not paid to tile important interest to which the measure related. He entreated the Council to take the Bill upon its merits, and not try to dispose of it by a side wind. The question as to whether they were borrowing too much or too little could be discussed by itself, but he could not understand why it was mixed up with a question of privilege. He would point out that the money was required to complete certain works. Those works were at present only partially finished, and if left in this state would remain a reproach upon the Government. He would always be op posed to anv attempts bring made to place addi tional sums" of money at the disposal of the Go vernment to enter into competition with the emplovers of labour. It could not be 6&td;, how ever. 'that this object iras sought to be obtained by the present Government. There were circum stances at the present time peculiarly favourable to the advantageous borrowing of money for j public work?. Money was at present obtainable on easy terms, and labour was readily procurable. If there was any juncture at which they could better exercise their borrowing powers, tbe present , was most peculiarly fitted. They had had alternating periods of • prosperity and depression TKa cansnnc nf lfiRlunil 1QGX Ii-a.a m ncf flflllricVlinit The seasons of 1861 and 1855 were most flourishing, and had set a large amount of roonev in circula tion, but since then a.period of depression had been experienced. It did i . not follow that because the times were bad public works should not be continued. The Government saw that the coming harvest, the prospect of which at the present time was most discouraging, would throw large num bers out of employment, and they determined to take steps toprovide employment for them, thereby effecting two objects—affording relief to the desti tute and completing important public works. It would be the duty of the Government to find work for those who would be left without employment, and who would consequently be left quite desti tute. The Government should be allowed to exercise tlieir foresight in providing for probable emergencies, and he did not think that if large numbers of persons were left in destitute circumstances the Government could pro vide a better remedy for the difficulty than by em ploying them in reproductive works. The sym pathy and support of hon. members had been afforded to Government measures haying for their j object the granting of relief to certain classes in the community in tbe shape of remission of rent, j &c.;, and he hoped when an attempt was made to benefit another body of colonists they would not withhold their support Nodoubt the present was a most critical period; but by the exercise of judi cious foresight on the part of the Government and the cordial co-operation of the Council, they might be able to tide over the crisis. It was not a question which affected the stability of the Ministry. It had a more widespread influence, as it affected the well-being of every person in the colonv. He hoped the Council would cousider the Bill on its merits, and not be led iuto rejecting it on account of shadowy pretexts of privilege, &c.; The following statement, prepared by the Engineer-in-Ohief, Mr. H. C. Mais, was then read by the Hon. Chief Secretary, and subsequently laid on the table of the Council:—"Sir—I have the honour to inform you that my attention having been directed by you to a statement made iu the Legislative Council Chamber with reference to the estimates made by Mr. Hanson for the various railway works now in progress, I feel it my duty to make a few remarks thereon. It is matter of personal regret to me to be called upon to make any comments upon the estimates of my predecessor in office, but after the broad statements that have been made I feel com pelled to state tbe facts as they have occurred. For the Sake of illustration, I will take works upon the Middleton and Strathalbyn Bailway, nearly the whole of which were let prior to my taking office. The principal items as estimated by Air. Hanson, and upon which the greatest discre pancies occur, are as followsLand and compensa tion, estimated originally at £41 per mile, has actually cost up to October 18-7, £105 per mile;earth works, estimated to cost £533 per mile, have cost £709 per mile; fencing, estimated at £105 per mile, has cost £220 per mile; culverts and bridges, estimated to cost £670 per mile, have cast £1,127 per mile; and tile Deep Greek Bridge, which has cost £1,058, has apparently altogether been omitted; sleepers, estimated at Is. 3d. each, have cost upon an average 4s. each; ballast estimated at 3s. per cubic yard, cost from 5s. to 7s. 6d. per cubic yard. These are the principal items, and no increase in quantity would increase the price, but would 1 operate in the opposite direction. I consider that the illustration above furnished will be sufficient to prove that this line could not have been con- : strutted for a simple increase of 10 per cent, upon the original increase. Most of the work was let ; prior to my taking office, and the whole of the works have been invariably let to the lowest tenderer. It has been 6tated that I have increased tbe extent of the works and have materially altered the designs, thereby increasing tbe cost. Iu reply to this charge I affirm that I have in no instance altered the character of the work, or made any increase except where it was absolutely neces ! sary to do so to avoid failure. The item of ballast I have certainly increased, because it wculd simply be wasting money to attempt to place the estimated quantity upon the line; and as a meansof economy I have added the smallest amount of ballast necessity to render the line secure and economical in main tenance without reference to the question of horse or locomotive traction. Although the character and extent of the railway works have not been materially altered, yet the total cost bas been con siderably increased, in consequence of the erro neous surveys, levels, and other data which have lately been discovered, to correct which has cost j a considerable amount of time and money. In some instances the deeds of land have been pre I pared and the money paid as compensation by the 1 Government therefor, whereas the line of railway has beiftRaid out through an adjoining section I belonging to a different proprietor. As a rule the levels have been proved to be altogether unreliable, errors amounting in some instances to 12 inches and upwards having been discovered. Such I errors as these in a finished working sec- i I tiou are altogether inexcusable, and in 1 my experience without a parallel. It would have been extremely easy for me to have re duced my estimates by the omissions of im portant portions of the works, such as fencing, flsh-plates, ballast; &c.; but it has been my desire to provide for this colony the most efficient lines consistent with economy, and 1 have framed my estimates accordingly. Should any further details be deemed requisite, I shall be happy to furnish them; but 1 respectfully submit that the informa tion 1 have already furnished in this and previous reports now before Parliament proves beyond doubt that these lines have not been and cannot be carried out for the original estimates, even with an addition of 10 per cent." The statement which he had read would show that the increased expense was not caused by Mr. Mais, the present Engineer in-Ohief. The Government had tried to carry out these public works at the original estimate, hut found it impossible to do so. He hoped the Council would assent to the second reading of the BilL The Hon. W. MORGAN seconded. The Hon. J. T. BAGOT had listened with a good deal of attention to the speech of the Hon. the Chief Secretary, and a most melancholy speech it was. The Hon. Chief Secretary had endeavoured to set the case of the working men against the ques tion of the privileges of the Council. This was an unfair position, and should not have been assumed by the head of the Government. The Chief Secretary had said he (Mr. Bagot) was the champion of the privileges of the Council. He thought it was high time for the Council to inter fere when the Chief Secretary was selling its privileges. When this was attempted then it was high time for a humble individual like himself to take up the question of privilege. If tbe Council wanted to preserve any semblance of a privilege they ought to pause before they gave way to the threateuings of the Chief Secretary. If they allowed their privileges to be encroached on in the way proposed the Council would be rendered utterly useless as a legislative body. In the pre sent Bill some items had been tacked on for the purpose of being provided for iu a way which could not be effected ui a straightforward manner. He would oppose the Council being placed iu such at anomalous position, and wjuld notsurrender up its privileges without a hard struggle. The Bill of 1855 reierred to by the Hon. Chief Secretary was similar to that before the Council, and on account of that tl:ey were asked to pass it. If they acqui esced in it, tliey must abandon their privileges for ever. The Chief Secretary liad tried to frighten the Council by saying that if the Bill were not passed, numbers of persons would be thrown out of employment, and men would be compelled to go about the streets begging, on accountjof there being a bad harvest. He would ask whose fault would this be? The responsibility of there being no employment for these distressed persons rested I upon the Government. He knew that in another I place there were many gentlemen who were prepared to assist the Government in passing other -Bills. I He had taken the trouble to enquire about it, and he believed that hou. members, though opposed to the Government, would assist them in doing I what was necessary in order to protect their pri vileges. All that would be necessary would be to prolong the session for a day or two. He hoped the Government would not refuse to do what was necessary for the sake of forcing an unpalatable i measure upon the Council. The responsibility of doing so would rest with the Government, and not with the House. No argument had been used by the Chief Secretary to induce hon. members to change their views. If this Bill were thrown out ; or withdrawn, separate Bills could ea- ily be brought in to accomplish the object. If this | was not done, they would be yielding ! their privileges. Were they to sit there and be of no use? Tbe Couucil could not i alter a single item iu the Bill without provoking ' a misunderstanding with the other House. It would be much better, then, that the Government should withdraw the measure, and bring iti fresh Bills, which would give room for consideration and discussion. With reference to the explanation of I Mr. Mais he would say that it appeared to him that this was a sort of explanation which could be got up with little effort. He questioned, however, whether it could be bome out. What reason was there for increasing the ballast? The simple reason was that Air. Mais determined that the line, which was intended to be worked by horse power, should be made for locomotive power, and therefore additional ballast was required. (Tbe Chief Secretary—"Aline with horse power would require more.") Tbe Chief Secretary. by such a remark, showed that he was indpetrinated in the expensive notions of Mr. Mais. (No.) He said that a horse line would require heavier work than a locomotive line. (1'he Chief Secretary— "'Idtd not.') Unless Mr. Mais had altered the characterof the lines he could not understand how Mr. Hanson could have been so far out in Itis i calculations as to require 50 per cent, additional on bis estimates. The House should have an oppor tunity of considering the matter. M r. Hanson had sometimes acted extravagantly m his works. But the extravagance of Mr. Hanson was out-heroded by that of Mr. Alais. Mr. Hanson was told by the Government that light lines for horse traction were all that were needed. But now they were asked to construct them at a cost of £5,009 per mile instead of £3,000 as was at first intended. It should not be said that if the Bill was lost the ; Council would be responsible for the sullering ; which might fall upon the working classes. The Government could easily retire from the position they had taken without discredit to themselves. ! Feeling this he would move the previous question. The PRESIDENT said he could not put the amendment until that of the Hon. Air. Baker had been disposed of. lie could not have two amend ments. The CHTRF SECEETABY (Hon. H. Ayers) said the Hon. Mr. Baker could withdraw hi« amend ment. The Hon. J. T. BAGOT asked if an amendment was anything till it waB proposed. He submitted that this was the only amendment before the Council. That of the Hon. Mr. Baker was not yet moved. The PRESIDENT said as the Hon. Mr. Baker had given notice of an amendment it must come first. The Hon. J. BARER would, with the leave of the House, withdraw his notice for the present. If necessary, lie could bring it on again. The PRESIDENT said be could not dothat. The CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. 1L Ayers) Noameuvlment could be proposed after the previous question. The Hon. J. BAKER would withdraw the notice. The Hon. T. ELDER hoped tlic House would not stu.tify itself by assenting to tltis motion, for nothing hau occurred to change the aspect of the question since the Council rejected this self-same Bill some days ago. It could not be said that this resolution was arrived at without dee deliberation, for the measure had been fully discussed and the vote taken when lion, members, without a single exception, were in their places, and almost every one had expressed his views upon it. It did seem strange therefore tliat the subject should come up before them again in this form, and it was any thing but complimentary. He might almost say it was derogatory to the consistency aud intelli gence of the Council that such an unusual course should be pursued. The tactics of the Government m endeavouring te upset the*decisions of this House, if successful would be something lre a* parody on Hamlet moralizing before the ghost of his father—41 In former times, when the breath was out of the body there was an end of the man; but now they reappear and push us from our stools;*' but he was confi dent, notwithstanding that any attempt to tamper with the independence of the majority troufd not be successful. He bad a better opinion of his fellow-members than (o think otherwise. Iu the early part of this debate he deprecated Victoria becoming their model in financial matters as well as in her Parliamentary usages: but the example of the Legislative Council of Victoria in resisting encroachments on its liberties was worthy of their respect and imitation. That House refused to trim its sails to catch the popular breeze when their rights and privileges were unlawfully invaded. Neither the dictation of the Assembly, the coercion of the Government, nor the active hostility of the oovernor himself deterred them from the per formance of tlieir duty alike to the country and to themselves; and so should they main tain their rights and defend tlieir privi leges in dealing with important questions , one "'en under consideration. With regard to the efiects that might ensue from a deficient harvest, he did not agree either with the Hon. the Chief Secretary or another hon. member who had spoken very strongly on this subject. The Hon. Mr. Barrow spoke of 20,000 starving agriculturists coming down upon the Government demanding food and labour, intend ing such an alarming statement no doubt to in fluence the minds of the hon. ineuibcis in voting on this question. Now, he did not believe that the deficiency in the harvest would be so great as to produce this result or anything approaching it. Ihey must keep in view that many farmers had good crops this year, and would male large fortunes from the high prices they were likely to obtain for their produce. He admitted that a large number of their bard-working and industrious farmers would be ruined and others greatly im poverished by the total or partial failure of their crops. He knew this from actual experience that it was more a question of consideration for their landlords than for the Government. In the first instance, although great sympathy should be felt for them by all. he expected very little rent from his own tenants in the neiglibourhocd of Gawier and Port Ga trier this season, and would he very glad to exhibit his consideration further to the extent of writing off a year's rent if neces sary. One of his tenants who paid him £200 a year for land in that neighbourhood, and was not in arrears, stated the other day his inability to pay any rent this year, but asked assistance to pro cure seed wheat for his next crop—a request which under the circumstances he was not willing to refuse, in the hope that it would enable him to recover his position; and so it would be with many others. These were landlord questions, in the meantime at least, and should not be used as arguments in favour of this Bill. • He was sure the farmers as a class, however unfortuuate tome of them had been, would not receive eleemosynary aid from the Government if they could help it, and it was a libel upon them to say that tbey would forsake their farms and flock into town for any such purpose. He thought it was a pity that such state ments should be made to bolster up a bad cause. Let the Government, as he said before, take this obnoxious Bill to pieces, and send it up in separate parts for works sanctioned by tbe Parliament, and the Council would, he was convinced, deal liberally with each Bill on its own merits. More than that they could not say, and they would wash their hands entirely of the consequences of their rejecting this advice. He repudiated in the strongest terms the slightest wish to obstruct the business of the country. This Bill, if adopted, would benefit him personally as much as any man in the colony he believed; but judgment told him that it would be injurious to the best interests of the country to pass such a measure, and, therefore, whatever might be the consequences—not even the resignation of the Ministry—the greatest calamity that could happen to themselves—tbe country would survive it. He said that even in the face of such a dire contingency he must continue to oppose this Bill. The Hon. J. IL BARROW said that the Chief Secretary, with reference to what he said last Friday about Mr. Hanson, seemed to put the case as if he (Mr. Barrow) made the statements on hjs own authority. He 6aid at tbe time tnat he had the authority of that gentleman for what he then stated. He had no means of knowing himself whether the statements were true or false. He could not enter into the necessary calculations, as he had not seen Mr. Hanson more than a quarter of an hour when he came down to the Council. There was no violation of confidence in what he had said, as he had informed Mr. Hanson that he would make use of the information in some way, and he had received a note from that gentleman thanking him for what he had said. It was not ne cessary lor him to say who was right or who was wrong, Mr. Hanson or Mr. Mais. They should fight it out between them. He would not have alluded to the matter had he considered it a private question. He was neither the advocate nor the champion of Mr. Hanson. Witli reference to what had been said about the possible and probable consequences of rejecting the Bill, he would at once say that he did not charge on those voting against the measure a wish to bring on the calamities to which he had referred, or even a wish to stop public works. He thought the majority differed widely among themselves as to tbe grounds of their objection to the Biil. One took the ground that it was a violation of tbs privileges of the House; another that it was not desirable to borrow money. One wanted the Bill taken to pieces, and another objected to the principle of the measure. The minority, however, were more united in the policy of carrying on useful works by means of borrowed capital. The Hen. T. Elder had said that if tbe House passed the second reading it would stultify itself. He (Mr. Barrow) would not stultify himself, and therefore he would vote for the second reading, as he had done before. They must give each other credit for sincerity of purpose. He had said on a former occasion that he did not like the form in which the .measure came before them; but he would not risk the consequences of rejecting the Bill under present circumstances. Had the matter come on earlier in the session it might have been different; but now they were getting near Christmas, and if the measure was rejected new ones could not be passed before.Christmas: and if they had to meet after the jollification of the holi days there would probably be a crisis got up, and then the Parliament migbt expire by effluxion of time before anything was done. He imputed nothing unpatriotic to those who opposed tiie Bill; hut looking at all the circumstances he must vot« in its favour. The Hon. J. BAKER sard the Hon. Mr. Barrow had said he would not stultify himself by altering his vote; nor would he (Mr. Baker) do so. (A laugh.) He had said that the Bill was opposed on different grounds. That he submitted was a proof that it was open to many objections. He would advise hon. members not to stultify them selves as he would not. The hon. gentleman had spoken of the small majority; but he thought it was not usual to speak in that way. The majority were the Council whether it was small or great. The vote already taken on the subject should have been binding, and in deference to the Council, who had so clearly explained their views, the Chief Secretary should not have brought it on again in that form. He should have tried in some other way to meet the wishes of those who objected to the measure. The Hon. Mr. Barrow had said if the matter had come on earlier in the session he might have voted diffe rently. But what difference could the delay of a few days make ? If the hon. gentleman would bare voted against the Bill then he would vote against it uow. He thought the hon. member showed great inconsistency in his argument. He said he gave those who voted against the Bill credit for voting honestly. But surely it was not necessary the hon. gentleman should give them that assu rance. (Mr. Barrow—" Mr. Elder asked for it.") What was it to the House whether the Hon. Air. Barrow believed they voted honestly? It was not necessary that they should have had an assurance from the hon. gentleman. The Hon. Air. Bagot had referred to the appeal of the Chief Secretary to the working classes. If he had understood the Chief Secretary to have brought the measure for ward to give work to the labouring classes, lie might have supported him. But that object was not stated when it was introduced, iudeed, if that were the object, it could be accomplished iu a readier manner. They might have scattered the money at their feet, and left tliem to scramble for it aud pick it up without working at all. The Bill was not brought in to find labour for the working classes, but because the works would be good for the colony aud he reproductive. He thought it was unfortunate that such appeals had keen made. Tbe Hon. Air. Barrow bad made them before, and it was unfortunate to have such arguments brought forward on the question. A broader aud wider view should be taken. Any large expenditure on public works with borrowed money which would lead to increased taxation would be a doubtful benefit to the working classes. In tbeir interests lie would oppose the Bill, as he did not believe the works would be reproductive, and the taxation would fall first on them. Tbe labouring classes uuderstood these things as well as the Chief Secretary did. He had withdrawn the motion of which he gave notice. In tbe former discussion be bad moved the previous question, aud he would support it then. If the Bill were absolutely thrown out the House of Assembly would probably get up a privilege debate, and it would be a pity to do this when a better way was open to thein by voting for the previous question. The appeal to the working classes was only a repetition of what had taken place last year with reference to the Waterworks. They were toid that if the Bill for a second reservoir was rejected the working classes would sutler; bnt that Bill was rejected, and it was not so important as it was slated to be, for it had not been referred to tliis session. It was only tbe old cry of wolf got up in the previous question which was again revived. With reference to Air. AlaU's reply to Mr. Hanson, lie would say that as it came from the opposite side it should be taken witli caution. But what a position the Government were placed in. if Air. Mais was right, why should the Government have voted a large sum to Mr. Hanson for his valuable services; aud if Air. Hansou was right, why bail the Government upheld Mr. Mais? But perhaps after all Air. Hanson was right. He had not been able to form an opinion on the subject. He did not know Air. Mais, bat he heard he was a clever man. Clever men. however, sometimes had crotchets. He would not lie influenced by the state ments read by the Chief Secretary for that geutleman. A more satisfactory explanation was needed of the extra cost of their works. JI4 hail do alternative but to vote against the Bill, aiul he hoped the previous question would be carried, j If that were done be bad no tlmbt the Chief Secretary would see bis way out of the difficulty. lie believed the failure in the wheat crops had been much exaggerated. He found that they who talked most about the failure were large holders of cereals, lie hoped thepuhlie would wait before determining what was to be done, lest tlieir talk should lead to the impor tation of forelgu supplies. He be ieved too great prominence had been given to the failure of the crops, lie knew they were very short in some districts; but they should bear in mmd than an extra breadth of land bad been sown, and the harvest would be more tii.111 was necessary for their own consumption, and they would have stocks for export, lie would vote for the previous question. The Hon. T. HOGARTH did not like to oppose the Bill; but be could not see that the expenditure would bs for the good of the colony generally. He had understood that they could get lines -f rail way for about £2,01)0 per mile, and now lie found | they would cost £4,0'i0 per iui!e. and therefore I they would only get half the distance made for j their money. Locomotive power had not answered ; so far. Their existing lines did not pay, and to ; expend mouey on works which were not going to i pay was perfectly absurd. He was afraid they had j a hard season before them for the working classes. ! But he thought they might spend their money i belter than iu these expensive works. The farmers ' should be assisted to sow their iand this year. ; Beads were of no use unless they could get produce ( off the land. He would vote agaiuet the second ' reading. I The Hon. H. MILDRED would also vote against ■ the Bill. He would clear up one matter with the Chief Secretary, lie held in his hand a Bill for constructing a tramway between Strathalbyii and Middleton. Bow lie found that money was re quired for a railway cosling £3 233 per mile. They expected a cheap tramway, and they now found an expeusive railway. A change had' come o'er the spirit of their dream. He complained that while a Bill liad been brought before them for a tramway, money was required for a railway, lie knew the difference between a railway and a tram way. For the North line he found an additional number of third classes were provided for; also 103 extra wagons and some 6e0 tons of iron rails, with 15,010 new sleepers. He thought they should try to do without these things at present, us there was 110 such pressing demand as to justify the expendi ture of so large a sum at present. That was not the time to squander large stuns which might wait for another year. A sum of £7,01)0 was required for shifting the good shed. Only a few years ago there were strong remonstanccs aguiust placing the shed on its present site, au 1 new it was to be removed at a large expense. The best way would be to reject the Bill, and allow separate Bills to be brought up. The Hon. W. PARKIN remarked that so much had been said upon the subject that it was not necessary that he should oce.py much time in ad dressing the Council. He wi-bed liic Hon. Chief Secretary had consented to withdraw the Bill; but, as lie had not done so, he felt himself placed in the position as that referred to by the Hon. Mr. Barrow. He could not stultify himself by voting differently to what he did on a former occasion. If be were to go into tlie whole merits of the ease, it would take up a great deal of the time of the Council to little purpose. The Hon. Chief Secre tary had offered him a bolus which he was not in clined to swallow. He hoped every lion, member would give an independent vote. (Hear) But they were asked by this Bill to vote £811.001 in one lump sum, and he regarded that as 811,000 reasons why he should not hastily give his assent to 3 Bill of such immense importance. He ques tioned if any individual member felt more deeply than he did any distress which might exist amongst the people, or who would be more ready to alleviate the sufferings of the industrious working classes; but they must not be bambopzled with the idea that this colony was labouring under a load of poverty which nothing but the passing of that Bill would remove. For supposiug it to pass, how much of that £811,030 would be actually laid out in labour after seniiug for rolling-stock and other materials from England? And then it should be remembered that tlie loans to be raised under the provisions of the Bill would involve an additional burden of £4^,003. to be annually paid as interest. With such a heavy national debt, it was not to be wondered at that many moneyed persons should be so inclined to leave the colony. But he heard a whisper from the Hon. Chief Secre tarv. saying. "I shall leave if you do not pass the Bill." Well, what a fearful evil that would be1. He was terrified at the idea of the immense loss it would he to the country. He was consoled, how ever, with the reflection that the case would not be irreparable. Another Chief Secretary could no doubt be found. "A breath can make them, as a breath has made." There never was an instance iu any country of one great mind falling but Providence raiseil up another in his place. With respect to the proposal to increase so enormously their bonded debt, it [ should be remembered that though the national t debt of England was £600,000,090, it was due to j their own people, and they could well endure it; 1 but when the colony borrowed money where did 1 they go for it? That was a fcarfnl thing to look at, and he regarded the Bill in a very seriouc light. I If it had been brought in earlier in tiie session it would have been a very different thing; but now unless they passed it the consequences would be lamentable to think of, unless the Hon. Chief Secretary, who should have taken carc to have brought the Bill forward at an earlier period: of the session, could devise the means of relieving i them of the' difficulty. He did not object to i borrowing money for public works, but he did ] object to borrowing extravagantly, and for the construction of expensive works not adapted to the j requirements of the colony. They did not want expensive railways which might cost them from £4,000 to £5,000 a mi'e, but- such that could be constructed for £2,000 to £2,500 a mile would be | sufficient for all the requirements of the colony. J Neither did they want expensive rolling-stock, : nor a set of officials who, whilst they drew their j salaries, had not sufficient energy to work. They i did not want to make their railways a nursery for 1 incapables. They wanted railways constructed in j a simple and economical manner, and which would ! yield a return proportionate to the amount of | capital expended upon them with something to spare in the shape of profit. The Hon. Chief Secretary had placed the Council in a difficulty, and they would throw upon him tlie responsibility and the onus of getting them out of it again. The Hon. Captain BAGOT would not have again spoken on the subject before them if the Hon. Chief Secretary had not represented him as having been opposed at all times to borrowing n.oney. He was not opposed to borrowing money last year for the construction of railways, but it was with the distinct understandiug that the amounts ; would be expended 011 cheap tramways, and that the sums voted for such purposes would not be ex- I ceeded; and it was because this principle liad been J departed from—it was liecause the Engineer-in- 1 Chief hail substituted expensive railways for cheap ones—that be was opposed to the present Bill, and I he only regretted that his hon. friend, instead of i moving the previous question, had not moved that ; the Bill be read a second time that day six j months. (Hear, hear.) It would have beeu more ; advisable to have done so in consideration of the j statements they had heard respecting the state of the finances of the country, showing that they could not borrow any more money without the I certainty of their being compelled to borrow again to pay the interest. It was this consideration | which caused him to look with alarm upon the 1 prospect before them, arising out of the determi nation to continue borrowing to such an extrava- 1 sant extent. It would have been a wise tiling to j have thrown out this Bill, and thereby to have 1 shown the country that they had no sympathy ' with those who would plunge them hopelessly in debt. It would, as he had said, compel them to borrow still further to pay off the interest, and that was a system which sooner or later would bring any country to utter ruin. He was sorry to hear the Hon. Chief Secretary use a threat to the Council by asking what would be the consequences to the laliouriiig population in the event of this Bill not becoming law. V.'hy, could the Hon. Chief Secretary say what country could ever exist that was obliged to borrow money to con struct unproductive works for the mere pur pose of employing labour .' And yet that j was what was now proposed, for there was j no public work ever yet undertaken in this 1 colony that had been of a remunerative cha racter. Look, for instance, at the existing railways. 1 It would be seen from the Estimates for 1803 that the sum put down for their maintenance was over £1,000 a mile. In England the amount ex pended in the maintenance of the Great North western line list year was but £!40amile, though something like a thousand trains per day ran upon it, whilst tliere were hut six or eight upon our own. Then, again, upon the Lancashire and York-hire line there were some 6'Jfl trains running, whilst the cost of maintenance was but £100 a year. The consequence of the excessive expenditure upon our railways must ultimately lead the country into a state of bankruptcy; and he should there fore for the reasons stated feel bound to vote azainst the second reading of the Bill. Tlie CHIEF SECRETARY (Hon. II. Avers) replied. He could not understand how the Hon. Captain Bagot could construe into a threat the statement he made respecting the necessity of providing employment for tliGse who might re quire it. If every statement as to the conse quences which would result from the adoption or rejection of particular measures were to be tor tured into a threat, he would like to know liow ant man could address the Council at all. The Council had by its own deliberate votes solemnly assented to seven-eighths of the amount proposed to be raised by this Bill, and now be had simply argued that it was an additional inducement to pass the Billfthat labour would be plentiful, and the rail way works would give employment to tlie people. That was the simple fact, and hon. members must not seek to put upon liis shoulders ilie responsi bility of their own actions. He admired the Hon. Captain Bagot's suggestion that tlie amend ment should have been that the Bill should lie read a second time that day six months. That would have been an honourable and dignified mode of procedure; but this was the second time the previous question had been moved, and it was argued that unless those hon. members who voted for that amendment on a former occasion did so again they would be stultifying themselves. But they would be doing nothing of the sort. That amendment was carried on tlie previous occasion in order to give hon. ' members further time for giving the Bill a calm ! and careful consideration. And at that lime he 1 assured the Council of his intention to bring it | liefore them again, but lie could not make the ] same promise now. There must lie an end of j such a course. The Hon. Mr. Eider had said that ■ the Government might introduce seven other Bills ! in place of this; but that lion, member, who was I averse to borrowing at all, would not vote for one of such Bills. He would state, however, that the only members of the Council who had consistently Opposed tlie Bill were the Hon. Captain Bagot and the Hon. Mr. Elder. But as those hon. members did not want the Bill to pass, what chance ivouid there be of bis succeeding if lie were to adopt the suggestion of the Hon. Mr. Elder, and cut the Bill into seven pieces. He did not be lieve that the privileges of tlie Council were invaded by this Bill, though he had not asked the opinion of the Hon. President upon the subject. It should be remembered, how ever, that the other House had its privileges also, and that, whilst he was liound to uphold the privileges of the Council, he was also hound to support those of the House of Assembly. And if he were to withdraw this Bill and introduce seven others in its place, he knew vorv well what would be his fate, lie could not withdraw it, and would not. If the Council rejected if. the responsibility " lie ha must rest with them. lie had brought it forward 1 three times for consideration, .-.ud could not premise to introduce it again if the amendment should he carried: for there must he a limit to his endurance even in such matters. The Hen. . CnptJin Bagot had asked who had ever heard of a eouniiv borrowing money for the purpose of relieving the distress of the working classes. Why, the British Government had frequently done it— as in the esses of the distress in Ireland caused hy the potato disease, the relief of the Lancashire weavers, and other instances. There were plenty of instance of the kind which might be adduced if the hou. member required precedents, but it was unnecessary. Hou. members must lake tiie responsibility of rejecting or accepting the B 11. Titer cjuM not, as the Hon. Mr. Eider had sup posed, wash their hands of the responsibility, but they must take the consequenceot their own acts. The PRESIDENT put the amendmeut in the usual form, " That this uuestion be now put," and declared in favour of the Noes. The OtUBE SECRETARY (Hon. H. Ayers) called for a division, which resulted a» follows:— Ayes, 8 - lion. Messrs. Harrow. Engtis-Ji, Evcrard, Morgan, Peacock. Solomon, Tuxford, and the Chief Secretary (teller). Noes, 8—Hon. Captain Bagot, Messrs. Baker, Crozier, Elder, Hogarth, Mildred, Parkin, and J. T. Bagot (teller). The votes neing equal, the PRESIDENT gave his casting vote with the Ayes. The original motion was then put and carried, and the Bill was read a second time. In Committee. The several clauses of the Bill, with the schedule and preamble, were passed as printed. The Council resumed, anil Cue report having been brought up and adopted, the motion that the Bill be read a third time was declared to have been carried. The Hon. J. BAKER called for a division. The result was as follows ayes, 9—Hon. Messrs.- J. T. Bagot, Barrow. Englisli, Everard, Morgan, Peacock, Solomon, Tuxford, and : he Chief secretary (teller). Nof.s. 3—Hon. Messrs. Elder, Mildred, and Baker iteller). Majority of 0 for the Ayes. The Bill was accordingly read a third time and passed. WATERWORKS management. The Hou. J. T. BAGOi", as Chairmau of the Select Committee on Waterworks Management applied for and obtained ail extension of time I'i! tiie next day for bringing up the report. APPROPRIATION BILL. Read a third time and passed. PUBLIC WORKS LOAN BILL. At the suggestion of the Hon. J. BAKER, the third reading of this Bill was adjourned till tiie next day. PASTORAL CLAIMS REMISSION BILK This Bill was received from the House of Assembly by message, and read a first time. The second reading was made an Order for the next day. Adjourned at 2) minutes to 5 o'clock till the next day. [For remainder of Parliamentary Proceedings see Supplement.} 