A STRUGGLE FOR LIFE. O.YE morning last April, as I was passing through Boston Common, which lies plea. santly between my residence and my office, I met a gentleman lounging along the 3Mall. I am generally pre.occupiod when walking, and often thrid my way through crowded streets without distinctly observing a single soul. But this man's face forced itself upon me, and a very singular face it was. IIis eyes were faded, and his hair, which he wore long, was flecked with grey. His hair and eyes, if I may say so, were seventy years old, the rest of him not thirty. The youthfulness of his figure, the elasticity of his gait, and the venerable appearance of his head, were incongruities that drew more than one pair of curious eyes towards him. IHe was evidently an American-the New England cut of countenance is unmistake. able-evidently a man who had seen some. thing of the world; but strangely old and young. Before reaching the Park-street gate, I had taken up the thread of thought which he had unconsciously broken; yet through. out the day this old young man, with his unwrinkled brow and silvered locks, glided in like a phantom between me and my duties. The next morning I again encountered him on the Mall. lie was resting lazily on the green rails, watching two little sloops in distress, which two ragged shipowners had consigned to the mimic perils of the pond. The vessels lay becalmed in the middle of the ocean, displaying a tantalising lack of svtupathy with the frantio helplessness of tile owners on shore. As the gentleman observed their dilemma a light came into his faded eyes, then died out, leaving them drearier than before. I wondered if he, too, in his time, had sent out ships that drifted and drifted and never came to port; and if these poor toys were to him types of his own losses. "I would like to know that man's story," I said, half aloud, halting in one of those winding paths which branch off from the quietness of the pond, and end in the rush and tumult of Tremont-street. "Would you ?" replied a voice at my side. I turned and faced Mr. II- , a neighbour of mine, who laughed heartily at finding me talking to myself. " Well," he added reflectingly, " I can tell you this man's story; and if you will match the narrative with anythinir as curious I will be glad to hear it." "You know him then?" "Yes and no. I hap. pened to be in Paris when he was buried." " Buried?" " Well, strictly speaking, not buried; but something quite like it. If 'ou've a spare half.hour," continued my interlocutor, " we'll sit on this bench, and I will tell you all I know of an affair that made some noise in Paris a couple of years ago. The gentleman himself, standing yonder, will serve as a sort of frontispiece to the romance-a full page illustration, as it were." The following pages contain the story that Mr. II- related to me. .While he was telling it a gentle wind arose; the miniature sloops drifted feebly about the ocean; the wretched owners flew from point to point, as the deceptive breeze promised to waft the barks to either shore; the early robins trilled now. and then from the newly fringed elms; and the old young man leaned on the rail in the sunshine, wearily, little dreaming that two gossips were discussing his affairs within twenty yards of him. Three people were sitting in anchamnber whose one large window overlooked the Place Vendome. Mf. Dorine, with his back halt turned on the other two occupants of the apartment was reading the Moniteur, paus itng from time to time to wipe his glasses, and taking scrupulous pains not to glance towards the lounge at his right, on which was seated a young American gentleman, whose handsome face rather frankly told his position In the family. There was not a happier man in Paris that afternoon than Philip Wentwofth.l Life had become so precious to him that lie shrunk from look. ing beyond to- day. What could the future add to his full heart ? what might it not take away ? In certain natures the deepest joy has always a something of melancholy in it, a presentiment, a fleeting sadness, a feeling without a name. Wentworth was conscious of this subtle shadow that night when. he rose from the lounge, and thoughtfully held Julie's hand to his lips for a moment before parting. A careless observer would not have thought him, as he was, the happiest man in Paris. M. Dorine laid down his paper and came, forward. "If the house," he said, " is such as M. Martin describes it, I, advise you to' close with him at once. I would accompany~ you, Philip; but the truth Is, I am too sad ' at losing this little bird to assist you in, selecting a cage for her. Remember the' last train for town leaves at five. -Be sure" not to miss It, for we have seats'for' If.' Sardon's now comedy to-morrow night.._ By_ to.mnorrow night,"' he added laughingly, "little Julio here will be an' old lady-'tis such an age from now until then." The lnext morning the train bore Philip to one of the loveliest spots within thirty miles 7 of Paris. Anl hour's walk throtugh green lanes brought him to IM. Martln's estate,' In a kind of dream the young man wan dered from room to room, inspected the con servatory, the stables, the lawns, the strip of woodland through which a merry brook sang to itself conatinually; and, after dining . with If, Martin, hie completed the purchase and turned his steps towards the station, just. in time to catch the express train. ' As Paris stretched out beforehim, with its million lights twinkling in the early dusk, and its sharp spires here and there pricking the sky, it seemed to Philip as if years had elapsed since he left the city. On reaching Paris he drove to his hotel, where he found several letters lying on the table. He did not trouble himself even to glance at their superscriptions as he threw aside hie travel. ling surtout for a more appropriate dress. If, in his impatience to see Mademoiselle Dorine, the cars had appeared to walk, the flacre which he had secured at the station ap. peared to creep. At last It turned into the Place Vendome, and drew up before M., Dorinn's residence. The door opened as Philip's foot touched the first step. The servant silently took his coat and hat, with a special deference, Philip thought; but was he not now one of the family? "M. .Dorine," said the servant slowly, "Is un able to see Monsieur at present. Hle wishes Monsieur to be shown up to the salon." "Is Mademoiselle-?" " Yes, IMonsiour." " Alone ?" "Alone, Monsieur," repeated the man, looking curiously at Philip, who could scarcely repress an exclamation of pleasure. It was the first time that such a privilege had been accorded him. His interviews with Julie had always taken place in the presence of M. Dorine, or some member of the household. A well-bred Parisian girl has but a formal acquaintance with her lover. Philip did not linger on the stair case; his heart sang in his bosom as he flew up the steps two at a time. Ah I this wine of air which one drinks at twenty, and seldom afterl IHe hastened through the softly.lighted hall, in which he detected the faint scent of her favourite flowers, and stealthily opened the door of the salon. The room was darkened. Underneath the chandelier stood a slim black casket on trestles. A lighted candle, a crucifix, and some white flowers were on a table close by. Julie Dorino was dead. When'M. Dorino heard the indescribable cry that rang through the silent house, he hurried from the library, and found Philip standing like a ghost in the middle of the chamber. It was not until long afterwards that Wentworth learned the details of the calamity that had befallen him. On the previous night Mademoisello Dorine had retired to her room in seemingly perfect health. She dismissed her maid with a request to be awakened early the next morning. At the appointed hour the girl entered the chamber. Mademoiselle Dorino was sitting in an arm-chair, apparently asleep. The candle had burnt down to the socket; a book lay half opened on the carpet at her feet. The girl started when she saw that the bed had not been occupied, and that her mistress still wore an evening dress. It was not slumber. It was death. Two messages were at once despatched to Philip, one to the station at G-, the other to his hotel. Thefirst missed him on the road, the second he had neglected to open. On his arrival at M. Dorino's house, the servant, under the supposition that Wentworth had been advised of Mademoiselle Dorine'sdeath, broke the intelligence with awkward cruelty, by showing him directly to the salon. Mad emoiselle Dorine's wealth, her beauty, the suddenness of her death, and the romance that had in some way attached itself to her love for the young American, drew crowds to witness the funeral ceremonies which took place in the church in the Rue d'A',gu. esseau. The body was to be laid in IM. Dorine's tomb, in the cemetery of Mont martro. This tomb requires a few words of descrip tion. First there was a grating of filigraned iron; through this you looked into a kind of vestibule or hall, at the end of which was a massive door of oak opening upon a short flight of stone steps descending into the tomb. This vault was fifteen or twenty feet square, ingeniously ventilated from the ceil. ing, but unlighted. It contained two sar cophagi; the first held the remains of Madame Dorine, long since dead; the other was new, and bore on one side theletters J.D., in monogram, interwoven with fleurs-de lie. The funeral train stopped at the gate of the small garden that enclosed the place of burial, only the immediate relatives follow. ing the bearers into the tomb. A slender wax candle, such as is used in Catholio churches, burnt at the foot of the uncovered sarcophagus, casting a dim glow over the centre of the apartment, and deepening the shadows which seemed to huddle together in the corners. By the flickering light the coffin was placed in its granite shell, the heavy slab laid over it reverently, and the oaken door revolved on its rusty hinges, shutting out the uncertain ray of sunshine that had ventured to peep in on the dark ness. M. Dorine, muffled in his cloak, threw himselfon the back seat of his carriage, too abstracted in his grief to observe that he was the only occupant of the vehicle. There was a sound of wheels grating on the gravelled avenue, and then all was silence again in the cemetery of Montmartre. At the main entrance the carriages parted com pany, dashing off into various streets at a pace that seemed to express a sense of relief. The band plays a dead march going to the grave, but .Ia Diavolo coming from it. It is not with the retreating carriages that our interest lies. Nor yet wholly with the dead in her mysterious dream; but with Philip Wentworth. The rattle of wheels had died out of the air when Philip opened his eyes, bewildered, like a man abruptly roused from slumber. lie raised himself on one arm and stared into the surrounding blackness. Where was he? In a second the truth flashed upon him. He had been left in the tomb I While kneeling on the farther side of the stone box perhaps he had fainted, and in the last solemn rites his absence had been unnoticed. His first emotion was one of natural terror. But this passed as quickly as it came. .Life had ceased to be so very precious to him; and if it were his fate to die by Julle's side, was not that the fulfil. ment of the desire which he had expressed to himself a hundred times that morning ? What did it matter, a few years sooner or later? He must lay down the burden at last. Why not then? A pang of self. reproach followed the thought. Could he so llghtly throw aside the love that had bent over his cradle. The sacred name of mother rose involuntarily to his-lips. Was it not cowardly to yield up without a struggle the life which he should guard for her sake ? Was it not his duty to the living and the dead to face the difiloultios of his position and overcome them if it were within humar power P i ith an organisation as delicate as a woman's he had that spirit which, however sluggish in repose, can leap with a kind of exultation to measure its strength with dis. aster. The vague fear of the supernatural, that would affect most men in a similar situation, found no room in his heart. lie was simply shut in a chamber from which it was necessary he should obtain release within a given period. That this chamber con tained the body of a woman lie loved, so far from adding to the terror of the case, was a circumstance from which he drew consolation. She was a beautiful white statue now. Her soul was far hence * and if that pure spirit could return, would it not be to shield him with her love P? ' It was impossible that the place should not engender some thought of the kind. Ile did not put the thought entirely from him as lie rose to his feet and stretched out his hand in the darkness; but his mind was too healthy and practical to in dulge long in such speculations. P'hilip chanced to have in his pocket a box of wax-tapers which smokers use. After several ineffectual attempts he succeeded in igniting one against the dank wall, and by its momentary glare perceived that the candle had been left in the tomb. This would serve him in examining the fastenings of the vault. If he could force the inner door by any means, and reach the grating, of which he had an indistinct recollection, he might hope to make himself heard. But the oaken door was immovable, as solid as the wall itself, into which it fitted air.tight. Even if he had had the requisite tools, there were no fastenings to be removed; the hinges were set on the outside. Having ascertained this, he replaced the candle on the floor, and leaned against the wall thoughtfully, watching the blue fan of flame that wavered to and fro, threatening to detach itself from the wick. "At all events," he thought, "the place is venti. lated." Suddenly Philip sprang forward and extinguished the light. His existence depended on that candle I He had read somewhere, in some account of shipwreck, how the survivors had lived for days upon a few candles which one of the passengers had insanely thrown into the long boat. And here he had been burning away his very By tohe transiontillumination of one of the tapers, he looked at his watch. It had stopped at eleven-but at eleven that day oron the preceding night? The funeral, he knew, had left the church at ten. HIow many hours had passed since then? Of what duration had been his swoon ? Alas ! t was no longer possible for him to measure hose hours which crawl like snails by thei wretched, and fly like swallows over the iappy. hto picked up the candle and seated him. self on the stone steps. He was a san. ;uino man, this Wentworth; but, as he veighed the chance's of his escape, the prospect did not seem encouraging. Or course he would be missed. His disap pearance under the circumstances would urely alarm his friends ; but who would think of searching for a live man in the cemetery of Montmartre ? The prefect of police would set a hundred intel. igences at work to find him; the Seine night be dragged, s miiserables turned over at the dead-house; a minute descrip. -ion of him would be in every detective'3 pocket; and he-in M. Donne's family omb I Yet, on the other hand, it was hero he was last seen; from this point a keen detec t!ve would naturally work up the case. Then might not the undertaker return for the candlestick, probably not left with de. sign? Or, again, might not M. Dorine send fresh wreaths of flowers to take the place of those which diffused a pungent, aromatio odour throughout the chamber? Ahl what unlikely chances? But if one of these things did not happen speedily, it had better never happen. How could he keep life in himself. With unaccelerated pulse he quietly cut the half-burned candle into four equal parts. "To-night," he meditated, "I will eat the first of these parts; to-morrow, the second; to- morrow evening, the third; the next day, the fourth; and then-then I'll wait I" He had taken no breakfast that morning, unless a cup of coffee can be called a break. fast. He had never been very hungry be. fore. He was ravenously hungry now. But he postponed the meal as long as prac. ticable. It must have been midnight, ac cording to his calculation, when he deter. mined to try the first of his four singular repasts. Th'o bit of white wax was taste. less; but it served its purpose. His appetite for the time appeased, he found a new discomfort.. The humidity of the walls, and the wind that crept through the unseen ventilator, chillld him to the bone. To keep walking was his only resource. A sort of drowsiness, too, occan sionally came over him. It took all his will to fight it off. To sleep, he felt, was to die; and he had made up his mind to live. Very strange fancies flitted through his head as he groped up and down the stone floor of the dungeon, feeling his way along the wall to avoid the sepulchres. Voices that had long been silent spoke words that had long been forgotten; faces that he had known in childhood grew palpable against the dark. His whole life In detail was unrolled before him like a panorama; the changes of a year, with its burden of love and death, its sweets and its bitter. nesses, were epitomised in a single second. The desire to sleep had left him. But the keen hunger came again. It must be near morning now, he mused; perhaps the sun is ,ust gilding the pinnacles ri.nd domes of the city; or, may be, a dull, drizzling rain Is beating on Paris, sobbing on those mounds above me. Paris I it seems like a dream. Did I ever walk In its gay streets in the golden air ? Oh, the delight and pain and passion of that sweet human life l Philip became conscious that the gloom the silence, and the cold were gradually con' quering him. The feverish activity of his brain brought on a reaction. Ho grew lethargic, he sank down on the steps, and thought of nothing..Hls hand fell by chance on one of the pieces of candle; he grasped and devoured itmoohanically. This revived him. " How strange,', he thought, " that I am not thirsty. Is It possible that the dampness of the walls, which I must inhale with every breath, has supplied the need of water ? Not a drop has passed my lips for two days, and still I experience no thirst. That drowsiness, thank heaven, has gone. I think I was never wide awake until this hour. It would be an anodyno like poison that could weigh down my eyelids. No doubt the dread of sleep has something to do with this." The minutes were like hours. Now he walked as briskly as he dared up and down the tomb; now he rested against the door. BMore than once he was tempted to throw himself upon the stone coffin that held Julio, and make no further struggle for his life. Only one piece of candle remained. He had eaten the third portion ; not to satisfy hunger, but from a precautionary motive. He had taken it as a man takes some dis agreeable drug upon the result of which hangs safety. The time was rapidly approach ing when even this poor substitute for nourishment would be exhausted. He doe layed that moment. He gave himself a long fast this time. The half-inch of candle whicl he held in his hand was a sacred thing to him. It was his last defence against death. At length, with such a sinking at heart as he had not known before, he raised it to his lips. Then he paused, then he hurled the fragment across the tomb, then the oaken door was flung open, end Philip, with dazzled eyes, saw It. Dorino's form sharply defined against the blue sky. WVhen they led him out, half blinded, into the broad daylight, H3. Dorino noticed that Philip's hair, which a short time since was as black as a crow's wing, had actually turned grey in places. The man'seyes, too, had faded; the darkness had spoiled their lustre. "And how long was heo really confined in the tomb ?" I asked, as Mr. II- con cluded the story. " Just one hour and twenty minutes I" replied Mr. HII---, smiling blandly. As he spoke, the little sloops, with their sails all blown out like white roses, came floating bravely into the port, and Philip WVentworth lounged by us, wearily, in tho pleasant April sunshine. Mr. II-'s narrative made a deep im pression on me. Hero was a man whose sufferings were unique. His was no thread. bare experience. Eighty minutes had seemed like two days to him If he had really been inured two days in the tomb, the story, from any point of view, would have lost its tragic element. After this it was but natural I should regard Mr. Wentworth with deepened in. torest. As I met him from day to day, passing through the Common with that same abstracted air, there was something in his loneliness which touched me. I wondered that I had not before road in his pale meditative face some such sad history as Mr. H-- had confided to me. I formed the resolution of speaking to him, though with what purpose was not very clear to my mind. One May morning we met at the Intersection of two paths. He courteously balted to allow me the precedence. "Mir. Wentworth," I began, "I-" He Inter rupted me. "My name, sir," he said, in an off-handed manner, "is Jones." "Jo Jo-Jones " I gasped. "Not Jo.Jones," he returned, coldly, " Frederick." Mr. Jones, or whatever his name is, will never know, unless he reads these pages, why a man accosted him one morning as Mr. Wentworth, and then abruptly rushed down the nearest path, and disappeared in the crowd. The fact is, I had been duped by Mr. II--. Mr. II- occasionally contributes a story to the magazines. Ilo had actually tried the effect of one of his romances on me I My hero, as I subsequently learned, is no hero at all; but a commonplace young man who has some connection with the buildinf of that pretty granite bridge which will shortly span the crooked little lake in the publio garden. When I think of the cool ingenuity and readiness with which Mr. II- built up his airy fabric on my credulity, I am half inclined to laugh ; though I feel not slightly irritated at having been the unresisting victim of his black art. 