TELEGRAPHIC. A PRIVATE telegram from London reports that the Young Australia, first ship this season from Brisbane, arrived in time for the February wool sales. The company of Royal Artillery, stationed here, has been ordered to hold itself in readiness to leave for Penang. The reported visit of Prince Alfred to Australia in the Galatia has been confirmed. At the wool sales held to-day business was brisker than of late. The markets for other descriptions of produce are dull, and prices rather lower. Tho Semaphore of Marseilles, announces the arrival of Garibaldi at Venice amidst great re- joicings. The fighting in Crete still continues, and the contest is going against the Turks. The diggings at Grenfell, near Emu Creek, are proving better than was expected. MELBOURNE. April 18. Dickson has been committed for the robbery of the Oriental Bank. The books when examined showed defalcations to the amount of £1800 (?). Trade generally is dull. TELEGRAPHIC advices have been received of the sale, in London, of Queensland debentures, authorised by the Loan Act of 1866, to the ex- tent of £110,000. We are not aware of the rate which was obtained, but it is believed to be slightly better than that of the previous sales. RUMORS have been afloat for some days that the Minister for Works was about to resign office, and various reasons have been assigned for this movement. We believe that there is now no doubt that Mr. Watts will retire from the Ministry on the 1st of May. From en- quiries made, we think it is right, in justice to Mr. Watts, to state that no actual difference of opinion exists ,between him and his colleagues on matters of general policy. The departmen- tal working of the land policy as approved by the other members of the Ministry, together with certain private transactions in which the hon. gentleman has lately been concerned in connection with the sale of stations which are likely to be affected by such policy, leave him no other alternative than that of resigning his office. WE are obliged, through the pressure of news that will not keep, on our columns, to hold over a number of communications on various sub- jects that we think will keep, and possibly shall have to do so for two or three days to come, but shall take the earliest opportunity of clearing off these favors. A REVISION COURT was held yesterday, at the Police Court, at which the electoral rolls of North and South Brisbane were gone through and finally completed. The revision of the lists for Fortitude Valley and East Moreton was postponed until Thursday, April 25, at 2 p.m. A MEETING of Lutherans of Brisbane, which was to have been held last evening at Mr. Rehren's, Wharf-street, was postponed until Tuesday next. THE ordinary fortnightly meeting of the Municipal Council will be held on Tuesday next, at the Town Hall. Petitions will be considered from ratepayers in the Valley, East and West Wards. Reports will be brought up by the Finance and Improvement Committees, and tenders for a supply of white street metal will be opened, as will also the applications for the office of City Surveyor. Alderman Pritchard will move — " That the petition from residents in Herschell-street be referred to the Improve- ment Committee, and tenders will be called for the work." VERY few amusements are yet announced for Monday next. The only amusements yet ad- vertised to come off in the day time is a trip to the bay by the Emu, and what is called an "Old English Fair" at Kelvin Grove. What this means at the Antipodes we are at a loss to guess, but we have been given to understaud that Richardson's show will be represented by a Chinese fortune-teller, who undertakes to de- capitate any person willing to submit to the operation, without causing them to experience any of the unpleasant sensations, usually associated with the idea of having one's " head cut off." The aristocratic sport entitled "Aunt Sally" will be provided, and an unlimited supply of pipes kept on hand. The Perfect Cure," whoever he may be, is engaged to afford amusement, and foot-races are to be got up. So far, we have not heard of any other suburban sports to come off. In the evening, of course there are the theatres to enliven the play-going public. ABOUT half-past five o'clock yesterday morn- ing the fire bell rang, and it was speedily dis- covered that a fire had broken out in Bowen- street, a street running parallel to Wharf-street, in a bakehouse belonging to a man named Craw- ford. We learn from Mr. Watts that in a very short time the building was almost entirely consumed but fortunately the ad- joining house escaped injury. The fire is supposed to have originated from some embers drawn from the oven and thrown on one side in the bakehouse. The building was not insured, and the total damage is estimated at £50. About seventeen of the Fire Brigade, with Mr. Watts, the superintendent, were in attendance with their engines and other apparatus, and water being plentiful the fire was quickly put out. THE customary daily drills of the Queensland Volunteer Rifles will not be held during the Easter holidays. Drill will be resumed on Wed- nesday next as usual. THE match between the Military and the second eleven of the Victoria Cricket Club is arranged to be played on the Green Hills to- morrow afternoon, wickets to be pitched at 2 o'clock sharp. The following players are selected to represent the Victoria Cricket Club : — W. H. Ryder, J. A. Ryder, F. Smith, F. Burke, J. Macnish, E. Thomas, J. Coutts, G. Allen, J. Jolly, B. Simmonds, H. Bohm. On Easter Monday the match between the United Valley and Bulimba Eleven will be played on the Green Hills. The game is to be commenced at 10 o'clock. The Victoria Cricket Club eleven are : — P. McGrath, W. J. Sheehan, W. H. Ryder, J. A. Ryder, F. T. Burke, J. Egan, W. Yaldwyn, F. H. Smith, T. A. Costin, Joseph Fowles, and W. G. Macnish; emergencies, R. H. Mills and J. H. Macnish. — Valley and Bulimba, Messrs. J. B. Carver, J. B. Dickins, J. C. McAlister, J. Lloyd, G. S. Williams, T. Crouch, W. Crouch, G. Crouch, A. Sparks, J. Egan, and J. H. Maynard. Emergencies, M. Egan, W. Donovan, J. Coutts. THE following are the acceptances for the Brisbane Cup: — Mr. G. Hamilton's Ragged Boy, Mr. J. Nolan's Whalebone, Mr.McFad- den's Whalebone, the Hon. R. Pring's North Australian, Mr. Flannery's Nonsuch, Mr. Ruddle's Premier, Mr. Ruddle's Tal Tal.It will be seen that the whole of the horses entered for the race have accepted at the weights, with the exception, of course, of 0'Meara, deceased. The result must be gratifying to the handicap- pers, as well as to the racing sportsmen of Bris- bane, and it is to be hoped that the horses engaged in the two handicaps, the weights for which were published in the early part of the week, will also accept. It appears, however, very unlikely that such will be the case, for how the handicapper for these events could recon- cile himself to the weights declared we are at a loss to conceive. Taking the penalty on the strange horses, Spanker, Blair Athol, and The Pitsford into consideration, the handicapping appears inexcusable on the part of the gentleman entrusted with that important but honorary duty. A MATCH will be played at the Fortitude Valley Ground, on Saturday afternoon, between the National Club and the Valley and Bulimba Clubs. The wickets will be pitched at 1.30. p m. The National Eleven will consist of the following :— Messrs. Condell, Dixon, Thynne, Lord, Moore, Davidson, Thrower, Lansley, Phillips, Oldham, French, and Stewart. Valley: Messrs. J. H. Maynard, J. Lloyd, J.B.Dickins, G. S. Williams, T. Crouch, J. B. Carver, A. Sparks, T. C. McAllister, W. Crouch, C. Oswin, and J. Coutts ; emergencies, C. Campbell, B. Davis. FOR the third time "Hamlet" was produced last night at the Alexandra Theatre. The cast, while suffering slightly from the deficiencies of a limited establishment, was well made, and in no single instance, so far as our judgment went, could one part have been profitably substituted for another. The leading character, in the hands of Mr. Burford, was carefully rendered. He had wisely dropped a slight tinge of that exaggeration from the text adopted on the first night the tragedy was produced, and which colonial actors are so prone to clothe their characters with, " tearing the text to tatters." In some of the soliloquies, particularly those commencing — " Now I am alone," and "To be or not to be," the dic- tion was very fine, much better than we have heard loudly applauded at theatres of greater pretensions. The character alto- gether is well worth seeing. It may not be up to the standard of some; it has features of its own in the hands of this actor ; and assuredly has often been worse repre- sented. The Ghost of Mr. Holloway was striking, in the closest scene particularly so. Ophelia, personified by Miss Burford, was in the unaffected style peculiar to that lady. Mr. Ford's Polonius — a difficult part — was very good. In fact, all the company were well up in their parts, and the play was carried through- out in a manner highly creditable to the little theatre. A Musical Melange concluded the en- tertainment, which was witnessed by a very good house. On Monday evening "Lalla Rookh " is to be produced ; on Wednesday Mr. Burford takes his first benefit, and as this actor has won already a good reputation, a bumper house may be looked for. THERE was a very poor house last evening at the Victoria Theatre. The performance com- menced with "Don Caesar de Bazan," and con- cluded with "Betsy Baker." THE Goodna correspondent of the Queensland Times writes:— "The rain fell heavily here throughout the morning of the 16th, but the weather is varied by April smiles and tears, and the farmers snatch at their harvests in a happy go-lucky style that keeps them lively. So far all is well ; crops heavy, cotton pods bursting, and cattle fat ! if they grumble at this — but the spirit of grumbling does not prevail. The far- mers are letting and leasing, that is, they are letting their small homesteads to thirsty be- ginners, and themselves leasing estates of three to four hundred acres. Lucky they who have capital and energy to expend in such a manner. The cotton lords of Missouri and Mississippi will have to let their 'clearings' and come here, or else before long see us spin a spare bale or two of the staple into a tow-rope for them." THE Queensland Times says that at the re- vision of the West Moreton electorate roll nearly 100 claims were disallowed, through not being in the form required by the Act. THE funeral of the late Mr. James McIntosh took place on Tuesday morning, and (says the Queensland Times,) was attended by a very large and respectable body of citizens. About forty of the brethren of the various masonic lodges in regalia led the procession, followed by a firing party of the Volunteer Rifles, of which corps the deceased was a lieutenant. About thirty members of No. 2 Battery Q.V.A. followed the hearse. Upwards of a hundred horsemen brought up the rear. The funeral service was performed by the Rev. Dr. Leishman, of the Presbyterian Church, and was followed by the masonic ceremonial proper to such melancholy occasions, after which the riflemen fired three volleys over the grave. "A FARMER " writes to the Queensland Times to know "how it is that the land sale for next month has not yet appeared in print. If the fault is in the Surveyor-General's Office I hope the Minister for Lands will at once remedy the evil, as the eyes of the public are anxiously looking on, and it will be getting late for far- mers and intending purchasers." The editor replies, " Perhaps some of the intending pur- chasers' have not yet accumulated a sufficient stock of land orders. Of course the Govern- ment must study the convenience of their friends, or how could they hope to live through the coming session ? It will be time enough for them to think of the farmer when they got their estimates passed. Once let Parliament be dis- solved, and our correspondent will see what a vast amount of affection the Government will entertain for the 'poor man.' At present it is the capitalist's turn — not his." THE hurricane so destructive at Cleveland Bay, visited Cardwell on the 3rd March. From a letter in the Cleveland Bay Express, we learn that beyond the sinking of a punt and the un- roofing of a few houses, no damage was done worth mentioning. The sugar plantation has not suffered. WE (Burnett Argus) are informed that there are upwards of sixty persons on the Nanango diggings. WE (Maryborough Chronicle) have informa- tion from Gladstone that another gold reef has been discovered, showing rich prospects, and a new machine has arrived with a 16-horse- power engine to work it. OUR honest and straightforward, though easily-imposed upon contemporary the Darling Downs Gazette, has justified our expectations, and, after personal experience and observation, has placed it upon record, as will be seen by an extract in another column, that the railway line over the main Range is preferable for safety to the common road. "A trip," says the writer "from Toowoomba to Murphy's Creek, has entirely removed the misgivings we previously enter- tained." Of course it has. We were perfectly sure that when our contemporary would take the trouble to use the eyes that nature had given, and not trust to the report of interested and partial witnesses, the result could be no other than this. We hear nothing now of rotten ballast, crumbling to the touch — nothing of trains hurled headlong into unfathomable abysses — no more sneers at the incompetence of the Works Minister, no more denunciations of the dishonest cupidity of the contractors— Queensland Times. THE Burnett Argus is in some trouble about finding a successor to Mr. Haly, From its waitings we select the following particularly choice bits of wail : — "Paid delegates are very objectionable, but it is a question whether a paid delegate would not be better for our inter- ests than a Brisbane lawyer or storekeeper. But, surely, in this immense district, some person can be found on whom the electors can rely for honesty, whose interests are identified with theirs, and whose eloquence and talent are at least equal to Mr. Haly's. If not, it would be almost better to send for some of the Sydney demagogues (Buchanan, par example),and hire one of them (at a salary which would make bribery difficult) to represent our interests, rather than leave them in the hands of any of the wretched Brisbane parliamentary hacks who have brought the colony to its present state of insolvency. Mr. Pring is mentioned as a likely candidate — a clever man, and a valuable man, if he will keep himself free from his old errors,— peculiarly valuable, perhaps, now, as being bitterly opposed to the Macalister dynasty — but, as a member for the Burnett, quantum valeat?, We hope to rouse the dormant patriotism of some of our leading men to come forward, and prevent us becoming the victims of any political adventurer in search of a con- stituency. But, if we cannot, got a local man, we should think Mr. Pring would serve our turn better than most others." A GAYNDAH, correspondent of the Mary- borough Chronicle says : — "Mr. Pring has an- nounced himself a candidate, and has issued an address to the electors of the Burnett. The substance of the address is contained in the following : — 'I feel that under present circum- stances, it would be unwise to offer promises, but I trust that by advocating economy and retrenchment, I shall secure your support. My political views I need not detail, as after being so many years a member of the Legislative As- sembly, I hope they are sufficiently known to you.' Mr. Pring further says the shortness of the time will not permit of his presenting him- self before the electors, and finishes off with the usual flourish. The names of many gentlemen have been spoken of as likely to fill the vacancy caused by Mr. Haly's resignation, but Mr. Pring is the only one who has published on ad- dress to the electors as yet. Amongst all the names mentioned, none seems to be so well re- ceived as that of Mr. Melville ; he is a man who is known to be a staunch supporter of the people's rights." 