AFTER nearly three months' incubation, the Parliamentary Committee, appointed on the motion ol Mr Jones to consider tbe case ol Mr Stands, have brought up their report, and, as might have been expected irom the manner in which the committee conducted it* proceedings, the report is adverse to Mr Sands; in faot, the whole afiair was a sham, and, from the manner in which its most active members conducted the inquiry, there is too much reason to conclude that, from the beginning, a foregone conclusion had been Arrived at. Mr Jones—and his skeleton of a committee—for it most be remembered the majority of the members appointed by the Assembly never took part in its proceedings—ate of opinion that the cosdnet of Mr Sands was, forsooth, "unbecoming " and deserving of the " severest condemnation." But we will leave the document to speak for itself. It is as follows :—" Your committee have held twenty six meetings, and examined twenty-five wit* Besses. Although additional evidence was available, yourcommitue aie of opinion that sufficient has been taken to enable them to arrive at a just conclusion, without further loss of time. Much of the evidence which has been taken is, in the opinion of your committee, aot material to the inquiry, but yout committee desired te afford Mr Sands everv facility for clearing np the accusations against him, and were also anxions to sift every chaige against tbe honor of a member of the Bouse. Your committee are of opinion that Mr Sands has been guilty of conduct unbe- coming a member ol Parliament, and that he is, therefore, deierving of the severest condemnation of your honorable House." Without waiting for the result of (he consideration to-night by the Legislative Assembly, of this wonderful production, emanating from Messrs Jones and Co., we have only to refer to the statement of Mr Sands, made on Tuesday to the electors at BlackhilJ, which will be found in toother column, to shew clearly the unfair manner in which Mr Sands was ueated at tbe hands of the committee. It will ba there seen that whilst in Eyneton tbie ghost of the ghost of & committee (there actually being only two members present, whilst three were required to form a quorum) took the evidence of • witness adverse to Mr Sands, not only in that gentleman's absence, but after several most important witnesses in Mr Sands'c favor w«re feat away, the committee refusing to hear them. What can ba said of such condnet as this ? Well, we will not go to Jar as to say that such conduct was "unbecoming," and deserving of "severest condemnation," Jest we might be guilty of a breach oi privilege in tbe Parliamentary tense, but we leave our readers to draw their own conclusions. Will the electors of Dalhonsie be satisfied with such conduct on the part of tbe comnittee, or endorse the conclusions arrived at alter such & strangely " impartial " line of investigation. We think not. In fact we feel convinced that once the whole circumstances of the case are laid hetore them, they will indignantly scout the report of this committee, and give expression to their opinions respecting it, in the jrost emphatic terms. It will alio ba seen by Mr Sands'statement on Tuesday, at Black Hill, that after the Chairman of the Committee informed him on the SSth of June, that no more evidence would be taVen, the committee re- opened their sittings on the following Thursday, in Melbourne, and called further witnesses, then and subsequently, without giving Mr Sands any intimation of inch a proceeding. If this be not condemning a man in his absence, and acting in s most unfair manner, we know aot what to call it. The illegality of the committee's proceedings is evident, as thh-teen of the witnesses irere examined when only two members .were present—three being required to constitute a quorum—and besides, Mr Sands h&> good reason to complain that folly a third of the evidence was taken in his absence. Ia fact, the whole proceedings were little else than a farce, and the report itself is by no means borne oot by the faots It might a* well have been left to Mr Jones, when he first moved in the matter, .to draw it up according to his own liking. It commences by sl8ting that additional evidence was obtainable which they did sot consider requisite, and in order that there might not be any further loss of time they came to a jnst conclusion. This is *minentiy untruthful, as they well knew that the available evidence, which they would not listen to, wjonld be favorable to Mr Sands. Why did they refuse to hear the witnesses qffeied by Mr Sana's in &ynaton;, when one day at the most would have sufficed for that purpose ? , They cpent nearly ja month aftarwarda. during which ho evidence was taken,'beforethey brought nji the report presented to the House bj Mr Jotieson Tuetday iiight.. Zt is not trney bot on the contrary at variance with tbe faots, even as Mr. Sands's statement shows that the committee desired to afford Air Sands every opportunity of clearing up the accusation agaiDst him, and that they were anxious to seft even' charge against tbe honor of a member of tbu House. Quite the reverse The conim'tte* indeed did afford every opportunity to Mi Sands'B well-known personal enemies to give testimony against him. They listened with attention, and it would appeur,hadnoobjection to believe the un-sworn evidence adduced before the committee, which came from a qiianw that when putin the witness box in a court of justice was not deemed worthy of credibility, in fact, scouted by the Po.ice Magistrate, who would not even commit a man f»i trial on testimony coming from such lips, li :s trne indeed that the committee had not the hardihood to state in this report that Mr Sands was guilty of corruption or bribery oi any other other infamous proceeding, but then forsooth his conduct was ' unbecoming. ' What honorable and delicate feeliogs must the ex-whipper- in and his ounfreres have in regard to what is'becoming'in an M.L.A. Who constituted MeBsrs Jones and Co. judges of decorum er censors of morals of the House '' Was there a tittle of evidence to prove the' charges of corrupt practices alleged against Mr Sands ? Not one. Yet he was to lisacrificed in the estimation of the committee who say he should be visited with tb. severest condemnation. We shall see ! There is nothing in the whole of the evidence garbled, one-sided, and incomplete as it is, tr warrant the committee in bringing up such si report. The electors of Dalbousie, in tbe midst of whom Mr Sands has lived lor » number of years—and who twice returned him as their representative—ought to be the besudges of whether he is unworthy to be their representative. They, who were wellawt>re i>< all tbe chaiges trumped up against him at the recent triais in Sandhurst and Eyneton, by the clique who have persecuted hiai lo years, knew Mr Sands too well to pine, any reliance upon the false accusation? brought forth againsthim. Hestill continued t< enjoy the confidence of the electors of Dalhousi whom he served so faithlully during the le<< Parliament and the present, and this confidence we will venture to <ay is still uusbakeii. notwithstanding the torrents of abuse pouret. upon his head by desigring parties, or by piv judiced newspaper writers, and tho;e winwrote in complete ignorance ot the facts. Tliselect committee's report will have jun a- little effect in depreciating Mr SandB in t li • eyes of his late constituency, seeing that it i- wbolly destitute ot truthfulness and fair )i!avand that it is the result of a premeditated determination to do him injury, and we will add injustice. It will be seen by a notification in our ad vert&ing; columns that Mr G J Sands has announced himself as a candidate for the reprt - sentation of Dalhottsie. He will address tbe electors at the Black Hill Hotel on Saturday evening next at six o'clock, and he will mett tbe electors of Tylden at Hogan's Hotel on Satnidav week. At the Gisborne Police Court, yesterday, before J C Thomson, Esq. P. 11, and J Robertson Esq, J.P. John Ardtll was charged by a railway porter, named Morton, with a breach of the bye-lawB. Mr Tetley for the department, Mr Booker for the defendant. The evidence was adduced to writing, and alter a cartful investigation the Bench dismissed the case. It is notified in T uesday's Gazette that on and after 1st August (to-day) money orders may te obtained and made payable at the Mouut Blackwood post office, also that the teBder of William Tweeddlefor the conveyance of mails t<> and from Gisborne and Cabbage-tree, three days a week, from the 5th July to 31st December, 1667, at the rate ol £10 for the period, from the 1st June, £8 6s 4d has been accepted. It will be seen from an advertisement in another column that Messra Morton and Ernstn will give a drawing-room entertainment at tbe Mechanics' Institute, to-morrow night- The Speaker, on Monday, issued a writ for tLe election ot a member to serve for tbe electoral district, of Dalhonsie in the piace of G J Sand, Esq., resigned. The following arrangement has been made for the election :—Issue of writ, 29th July, 1867; day of nomination, 7th August! 1867; day of polling, 12th August, 1867; return of writ, 19th Augnst, 1867. fhe three retiring councillors of the different ridings of Metcal&shire; ore, we hear, offering themselves for re-election. Messrs Potter and Seymour are us yet unopposed, but Mr Cooney is being opposed by the Hon. W. H. F. Mitchell, M.L.C., and Mr W. Little. It appears to be pretty generally thought, in the district, that Mi Cooney will without much difficulty beat tbe " M J-i.C." and that the gut of the contest will lie between Messrs Cooney and Little. In the Kyneton Shire, three of the retiring candidates are being opposed. Mr Cock, for Kyneton riding. by Mr Graham, Jun., Mr Govett for the Carlsruhe riding, by Mr Symington, and Mi Patrick Lyons for the Tyiden riding, by Mr Ewing. For the Lanriston and Edgecombe ridiug Mr Finlay McDonald is,as yet, unopposed. MrlGov^tt met the electors at Baynton, yesterday, at Wheeler's Hotel,,and was very favorably received. 