* WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1867. Although tlic intelligence by the mail from Europe just to hand, embraces no item of a startling or tragic character, it points to events of great magnitude and importance "looming in the future." The news from Italy undoubtedly occu- pies the foremost place in interest. The Homan difficulty has again turned up and on this occasion with an aspect which promises serious consequences to the POPE if Young Italy is not interfered willi, and to Europe if the sympathisers with the Eoman Pontiff in France and Austria should interpose. The accounts to hand are mainly telegraphic and fragmentary, but, pieced together, they seem to exhibit this state of things. The incessant appeals of GAKIBALDI to the youth of Italy to rescue Rome from the sway of the POPE, and make the city which was onco in proud truth " the mistress of the ivorld," the capital of the kingdom of Italy, bore fruit in Soptcmber. Ecd- shirted volunteei-3 poured into the Eoman territory, and GARIBALDI was about to place himself at their head, when he was arrested, and, having escaped, again re-arrested, at the instance of the Italian Government. The Ministry of the KING, bound by treaties and pledges to respect the Papal territory, could not permit so open a violation of their engagements as GARI- BALDI'S movements indicated ; but it is probable that sympathy with the ser- vice he proposed to render to Italy, as well as respect for the good deeds he had already done in the national cause, suggested the mild punishment inflicted on bim in his enforced return to and residence in his littlo island of Caprora. Nor was that home-prison a close one to him, for he was permitted to pen avio ( lent denunciation of the Minister whose inore temperate policy lie disapproved, "and to call for the union of tho Roman States to the Italian Kingdom. In the meantime, MENOTTI GARIBALDI, a son of the caged lion, had placed himself at the head of a number of the volunteers, and'had succeeded ia resisting and defeating the Papal troops. The insur- rection had spread so rapidly, indeed, that the Papal troops had been con- centrated at three points-Rome, Civita Vecchia, and Viterbo ; and late in Octo- ber there seemed to be a fair probability that the POPE Avould he unahlo to keep for a very much longer period the keys of the Imperial city. These movements, however, had led to some embarrassing situations and political complications. The Italian Ministry disoAvned the insurgents who fought in their cause, but declined to allow any foreign intervention. Tho French EMPEROR had intimated that the moA'cment was a violation of his con- vention with Italy for the preservation of the sovereignty of the POPE, and had assembled a fleet at Toulon. The Italian Government had replied Vv'ith great spirit, that it meant to obsen^e the tenns of the convention, but that if a single Trench soldier was sent for Avard for the defence of Rome, Italian troops Avould enter the sacred territory to resist them. They also met the EMPEROR'S movement by advancing 50,000 men to the frontier, as a counter demonstration. At the latest dates the French fleet was still at Toulon, and though preparations had been made for the embarkation of troops if such a course were resolved on, and a single steam transport had been ordered to arm, there seemed to be no immediate prospect of active interference by France. In this matter, in fact, France has suffered another mortification, Avhich will be set down mainly to the account of Pmssia. But for her late association with that power, Italy would scarcely have dared to assume so bold a tone to her ally at Solferino. It has been coupled, moreover, Avith other causes of annoyance, which appear to have vexed the very soul of France. Count BIS- MARCK not only asserts that South Ger- many should unite Avith the Northern Confederation, but the Parliament as- sembled at Berlin lias declared that its Avork will not be complete, and its labours cannot have another direction, until there is but one Germany. While this Avas going on Austria had endea- voured to bring Lavaría to see the pro- priety of union Avith France, but the effort Avas unaA'ailing, and some more German feeling Avas evoked among that quiet-going people. Prussia, in short, persists in working out the unity of the German people, and France, watching the quick development of a very power- ful kingdom from out of a mass of small states, pronounces Prussia's policy ag- gressive, aggravating to her national feeling, and barely to be tolerated even for a time. lb is scarcely possible to hope that these great movements can proceed -without the war-note being sounded as soon as the " dogs of Avar" are ready for the field. In other respects, the intelligence may be regarded as satisfactory, although the apparent failure of the insurrection in Spain can scarcely be called good neAvs. It does not appear that the alarming telegram lately received as to a ten days' ultimatum from Russia to Turkey, on the question of the treatment of the Christians in the East, had any founda- tion in fact. Russia, it appears, has not separated herself from the other great Powers who are interested in this ques- tion, and AA'hen it is taken np by thom jointly it Avili be dealt Avith comprehen- sively. In the meantime the Greeks arc not increasing their claims to the regard of England. They offer a \'ory small composition for the debt they owe her, but they ask England to lend them the money to pay the amount of the compromise, and a great deal more besides, AA-MCII they are unlikely to get. Their young KING, too, seems to be so little onamoured of the place to which he has been, chosen, that he has retreated to one of tho gayer and safer capitals of his kingly friends, and declines to return to Greece till Europe shall give him Crete ! England seems to be somewhat trou- bled still with small outbursts of Fenianism, which, like the cattle plague, will pass away in time. Meantime her commerce continues to groAv, and money has become almost too plentiful. A Conservative Cabinet has been jcted in Manchester, which Ave may regard as a wonderful change in the signs of the times. Almost more so, hoAvever, is. the fact that Lord DERBY and Mr. DISRAELI had pro- ceeded to Ireland, probably with a VÍOAV to probe, during the recess, the secret of the constant recurrence of discontent in that portion of tho empire. That the procession which will escort Prince ALFKED through the principal streets of this city Avili be imposing in point of numbers, enthusiastic in its manifestations of loyal welcome, and impressive by reason of the evidences it will present of the prosperous condition of the great mass of tho people, we entertain no doubt Avhatever ; but it is not too late to inquire whether the de- monstration might not be rendered symbolical of the resources of our country, and of the mainsprings of our progress and prosperity. This is not a subject Avhich the Reception Commis- sion can be expected to take up, be- cause any such a display must ori- ginate in the voluntary action of the interests to be represented ; these being the mining, the pastoral, the agricultural, the i wine-growing, and the commercial. If the emblems, processes, implements, and historical or mythological associa- tions connected with each of these, were so arranged ás to "form''prominent' and picturesque features of the procession, it would not only relieve it of the monotonous and prosaic appearance in- cidental to all croAvds, in which there is no variety of costume or brilliancy of colour, but would exhibit in the most striking and effective form the leading interests of the colony and the factors of its Avealth. Such spectacles are com- mon enough on the Continent of Europe, and our Swiss readers will not re quire to be'reminded of the Fête des Vignerons at Vevey, as an illustra- tion of our meaning, and as a very good model to follow. In tho cortege. arranged on this occasion, groupa of peasants attired so as to be typical'of the four seasons ; the car of CEHES, the car of BACCHUS, the plough, the harrow, the beehive, and the wine-press; tha special products of each division of the year; the vine-dres&crs;, the grape pickers, and the wine-coopers; gar- deners, shepherds, dairymen, and herds- men ; figure in due order and array; while a distinguished place is assigned to those vignerons who have boen awarded medals or certificates of merit in the annual exhibition of wines. Viewed as a whole, the procession is scarcely less beautiful than some of those which decorate the friezes of Greek temples or encircle ßouian columns ; while, taken in detail, it is remarkable for its picturesque variety. A better opportunity than this ia not likely to present itself for a departure from the venerably commonplace style of organising a procession which has been in vogue among our countrymen ever since the Puritans obliterated the warmth of colour and saddened the brightness which popular festivities had acquired during the middle ages. At any rate, we might recur with advan- tage to some of those gay and fanciful forms of national rejoicing which are pre- valent among the peoplo of midland and southern Europe, and which ap 1 pear to be peculiarly well suited to a community inhabiting a country in which nature does so much to excite the gratitude and heighten the cheerfulness of man, and in which the climate predisposes him to be light hearted and jocund. With the sombre broadcloth, the fiery beverages, the do- mestic architecture, and the conventional tyrannies of our kindred at home, we may also abandon the dull dignity and the dreary sameness of theil- processional displays, and that studiously careful evasion of everything that could expose them to the reproach of being either poetical or picturesque, for which they have been conspicuous during the last two centuries. It is too much to hope for an abate- ment on this occasion of the plague of addresses which, unlike mercy, are twice aflliclive-afflicting linn who receives and them by whom thoy are prepared and read. But something might be done to soften down the afiliction. There is ampi« room for improvement in these documents. The -authors of them will evince both theil' loyalty and their good sense by abridging their con- tents and by infusing a little moderation and sobriety into the language employed. It will be paying a sorry compliment to the PRINCE to tax his patience and con- sume his time by inviting him to listen to verbose addresses, crammed full of un- meaning flattery, expressed in turgid epi- thets and redundant phraseology. He may well suspect the sincerity of such a welcome, and question the good sense and steadfast loyalty of those who in- dulge in such lip-worship and gushing sentiments. When we find a body of educated men like the bishop and clergy of the Church of England setting so bad an example as that which they have offered in the prolix and bombastic document prepared for presentation to the PitiNCE, it becomes the more neces- sary to give a word or two of caution to other public bodies: presumably less familiar with literary composition than the clerical gentlemen who regard the visit of the Duke of EDINBURGH to Australia as " constituting an epoch in " the history of the world ;" and who have been moved to raptures of admira- tion by the amazing fact that "the " Majesty of England fears not to send " forth to us, in our antipodal home, " one of the treasures of her life-one " of the hopes of her people." Genuine and earnest feeling does not express itself in this wise, either with the pen or with the tongue. It is the language of spurious sentiment, and is very liable to be mistaken for burlesque. The scores of well-meaning peoplo who have been charged with the preparation of addresses to the PRINCE, and who are ransacking their dictionaries for magniloquent ad- jectives and high-sounding appclativea, had better accept the above as a warn- ing of what they should avoid ; and, at the same time, assure themselves that the three things to bo especially aimed at in the composition of an address are simplicity, sincerity, and conciseness. The language of artificial compliment may be florid and diffuse, but that of true feeling is sober and succinct. To some extent, the documents to be pre- sented to the Duke of EDINBURGH will serve as indices of popular intelli- gence in Victoria ; and in this respect it is desirable that they should do us uo discredit either by what they say or .by how they say it. And, as the representatives of the people, i« i Parliament assembled, are to be pre- cluded from approa ching the PRINCE with an address of welcome, it is all the moro important that the people themselves should testify their loyalty in so unaffected, straightforward, and emphatic a manner, as to show that they, at least, are under no anxiety to precipitate a separation from the mother country, and have not ceased to be animated with the patriotic feelings of British subjects. We arc eiven to understand that the latest tolegiaui received by His Excellency the Governor fixes the 20th inst. as the date o£ His Itoyal Hi&lmess; tho Duke of KdinburgU leaving Adelaide. If this proves correct, thoGa latea will in all probability arrive at the Heads on Friday or Saturday week ; the procession. up tho bay will take place on'Saturday, and the formal landing on the Monday follow«!«. In consequence of the unexpectedly lato dato to which the visit of His Itoyal Highness will be prolonged, it is most probable that Parlia- ment will be dissolvec", and all the preliminary steps taken so as to allow the first batch of ejections to take placo immediately on the departuie of our iUustrious visitor. The A.S.N. Co.'s steamship Alexandra, with the South Australian portion of the English September mail oíd Galle, was tele- graphed as approaching Glenelg at five o'clock yesterday afternoon. She reports that the Geelong, with the mail due here to-dar, sailed from Galle on the23rd ult.. a day behind her time, and had adverse weather down the Indian Ocean. The Alexandra made a very rapid passage from the Souud, and the Gee long, therefore, is not likely to breach Ilobson's I Bay before Thursday. ^v*e understand that an uddrcss waa signed pi etty extensively yeBtcrday by merobors of the Legislative Assembly, addressed to Sir Fiaiicis Murphy, as Speaker of that branch .of the Legislature, requesting him to call the members together in the library of the House;) .ef Parliament, to give them the opportunity of which the course taken by the Govern vjuent lias deprived them, of adopting an .address of welcome to His Royal Highness ?the Duke of Edinburgh. In connexion with the omission of the pre- amble fiom the Consolidated CroAvn Kenne- dies Act, referred to in our leader of yester- day, it is worth while to call attention to the significant fact, that the consolidation Avas effected by the present Attorney-General, at the beginning of 18C5. During that session, it will bo remembered that the Opposition con- sisted of only some four or five members ; tho proposals of the Government wore, in conse -quencc, subjected to very little criticism, and especially did the process of consolidation .«cape very much inquiry. Ifc Avas sufficient for Mr. Higinbotbam to say that no change was made in the law, and the bill was passed. This was the case with the Crown Remedies Act. On the hill being committed, on Fcb îuary 22,18G5, Mr. Higinbolhatn is reported in Hansard to have stated that the consoli- dation ",mado no alteration in the existing law." That the omission of a preamble may make some alteration in a law is evident from the following principles of eonstmc tiou of preambles laid doAvn hy Dvvarris, in his well-known treatise on statutes :-," In the laws of England, in doubtful case1! aecouue may be had to the preamble to dis- cover the inducements the Legislature had to the making of the statute ; but when the terms of the existing clause arc clear and positive, the preamble cannot be resorted to. JLord Coke considcicd tho rehearsal, or pre- amble, a key to open the understanding of the statute ; and it is properly considered a good means for collecting the intent, and showing the mischief which the makers of the act intended to remedy." "luso the preamble," said Vice-chancellor Wigram, in Salkeld v. Johnson, " only for the purpose of ascertaining what the cases are to which the act was intended to apply. This is a strictly legitimate process for interpreting an act of Parliament.". In Fellows v. Clay, Justice Patterson said:-"Tho preamble of an act may be legitimately used to ascertain and fix the subject-matter to which the enacting part is to he applied, and even in some cases to control and cut down the enact ingïpart." " It will, perhaps, he found that the nile (of employment of the preamble) . is stated at once bioadly and with the gieatest accuracy by two of the judges (Mr. Justice Buller and Mr. Justice Grose) in-the case of Crcspiffny v. Wittenoom, that the prcamblo may be compared with the different clauses of the act, to collect the intention of ¿he Legislature ; and when tho intention is apparent not to extend the act, the preamble maybe used in restraint of tho generality of the enacting clause, when it would be incon- venient if not restrained ; or it may be re .soiled to in explanation of the enacting clause if it be doubtful." Wcro these prin- ciples applied to the Crown Remedies Act with the preamble, the conclusion would be inevitable that tho act was only intended to apply to cases of bolla fide disputes, and in which the Crown must either "picador demur." That any doubt should now exist as to tho scope and aim of the act is solely attributable to Mr. Higinbotbam, who omitted the pi earn ble without informing Parliament that he had done so, and who now seeks to take advantage of his own act. Official intelligence has reached New Zea- land that Sir George F. Bowen, Governor of Queensland, will succeed Sir George Grey as Governor of NCAV Zealand. Mr. Kennedy, formerly of "Western Australia, and now of Vancouver's Island, will succeed Sir George Bowen. We aro requested to give a contradiction to -the statement circulated on the authority of a country journal, that Mr. N. Levi intends to solicit the suffrages of the constituency of Ballarat East at the next election. Mr. Levi has no intention of abaudoning the con- stituency he now represents, which, at the last election, placed him at the top of the poll. Mr. James MacBain, we seo, ha3 lost no time, on his return from England, of as- suring his constituents in the Wimmera dis- trict of his intention again to solicit their suffrages at the next election. Bourke-stieot Avili soon have a dioico of -hanks. The National and the London Char- tered Banks have already opened branches thcie, and the Colonial, we observe, follows suit on Saturday next. We observe that an exhibition of the value of £21 per annum is to be competed for on the 2nd of December, in the Church of England Grammar School. The candi- dates must be under tho age of fourteen years. The dato for receiving entries for the Port Phillip Farmers' Club Grand National Ex- hibition has been extended, we notice, to the 19th inst. (Tuesday next). The following polling-places have been proclaimed by the Executive Council : Ross's Bridge, for the division of Wickliffe, in the electoral district of Ripon and Hamp- den ; tho Church of England School-house and the Wesleyan Schools, in the parish of Duneed, for the division of Connewarre, in the electoral district of South Grant ; and Stony Cieok and Lethbridge, for the Steiglitz division of the samo district. During the month of October scab licences for sheep were issued as follows ¡-District of Benalla, 15,200 ; Echuca, 1,290 ; Gipps Land, '6,900 ; Melbourne, 4,518 ; Mortlake, 11,922 ; Portland, 3,000 ; and Wangaratta, 4,000. Under the heading of " Defects in -Certain Electoral Rolls Cured," the Gazette announces "that tho name of Michael M'Mahon, which was erroneously struck out by tho Revision Court, shall ho restored to the roll for the Carlsraho .division of tho Kyneton Boroughs IDistrict. The general rolls for the Streatham division of the Ripon and Hampden District and tho Western Province aro declared valid, not- withstanding that the lists for the said diA'i sion were revised on a day not legally ap- pointed for that purpose." We have received from Messrs. Batcholdcr and Co. a photograph of the Duko of Edin burgh, taken, they inform us, from a two guinea engraving now exposed for salo in many of the shop windows. Without com- mitting ourselves to any opinion on tho morality or legality of this proceeding, we may stato that the photograph is oxcollont, and the likeness of the Duke the best wo have scon. Over 250 petitions Avoro filed yesterday by suitors under the Crown Remedies Act against Her Most Gracious Majesty the Queen, for aireara of salaries and for small contracts. There Avero some judgraonts to which the prothonotary's seal Avas formaUy affixed ; but to detail tho particulars Avould be too tedious for the reading public. In the Old Court-house yesterday, beforo Mr. Justice Barry, two actions were tried, two struck out of tho list, and ono referred to arbitration. The action re- ferred to arbitration was that of Proud- foot v, H'Kenzie, about heavy partner- ship contracts for road-making, &c.; Tho actions tried were Hynes and others v. Bates and another, which AVOS undofended, and in which the verdict was for the amount claimed, £233 Is. ; and Murray v. James and another, in which a landlord sued tho execu tors of his tenant for untonantlikc manage- ment of a farm, and got a verdict for 1B. All the cases in the list for trial in the Now 'Court-houso yesterday wero disposed of-tAvo being settled, one postponed, .and the other tv\;o tried. One of these was Robinson v. The Mayor of Brunswick, an action to recovor compensation for giving up a right to tolls ; his case, however, was not made out, and ho waa nonsuited. O'Donovan v. Puddy was an action for slander spoken of the plaintiffs in their business as contractors. The defendant denied having uttered the slander ; and the jury, after deliberating several hours, were about to bo locked up for the night, but the threat of such a proceeding had the effect of rendering them unanimous, and they re- turned a verdict for defendant. The business in the Insolvent Court yester- day was chiefly of a formal character ; and in the County Court the litigation on the few cases tried was without any public interest. Much litigation has lately arisen among the various metropolitan friendly societies. At the District Court yesterday, Mr. Frazor, a lodge treasurer, was summoned by -the trustees for refusing to deliver up to them (the trustees) all lodge moneys in his possession. From the nature of the evidence given, it transpired that the lodgo in question had for some time been suspended for non observance of society rules. During the in- quiry into the charges authorising the sus- pension, tho secretary and treasurer had been ordered by the district board to deliver all books and moneys in their possession to the district officers. The orders of the dis- trict hoard being regarded as supremo, the terras of the summons were at once complied with. Tho lodge trustees, however, con- sidered that they were the legally constituted authorities to demand and receive all de- liveries of moneys. Mr. Hackett upheld the course adopted by defendant, and dismissed the case, with £1 Is. costs. At the District Court yesterday-before Messrs. Hackett and Hurst and Dr. M'Carthy -George Petty, butcher, Dourke-street, was lined 5s., with 5s. costs, for having in his possession a number of light weights, The inspector had seized seventeen weights, vary- ing in deficiency from half an ounce to an ounce and three-quarters. The fine imposed is at the rate of 7d. and a fraction per weight. The infraction of the law is said to have been trivial and accidental. The case having been brought before^thc Court, however, the magistrates felt that they had no power to do otherwise than inflict a slight penalty. It would seem that some of the beer that ia sent into the market by colonial brewers is far from giving satisfaction to people who arc disposed to encourage colonial industry. During the hearing of a case at the East Collingwood Police Court yesterday, in which the defendant was charged with a breach of the Wine, Beer, and Spirit Statute, it was necessary for a bottle of ale lo be produced, when Mr. M'Kean, who was engaged in the case, drank a little of the liquor, in order to judge of its quality, The grimace which he made on applying the glass to his lips showed plainly enough that he was anything but satisfied with the beverago retailed by his client, who afterwards confessed that it was " as sour as vinegar." Dr. Yonl held an inquest at Emerald-hill yesterday, on the body of a child named John Henry M'Chesney, who was accidentallj killed by a fall from a buggy on Sunday. John JI 'Chesney, engineer, deposed,-De ceased was my sou. His ago was two yean aiul some months. On the 10th inst. I wai driving a buggy on the road to the Yan Yean, about fifteen miles from Melbourne. De ceased and my wife were with me. Tin buggy jolted slightly, and deceased wa: thrown out. The child cried when we picked him up. We returned home, and called ii: Dr. Barrett. On the next day deceased gol much worse, and he died on tho night of the 11th inst. A post-mortem examination, made by Dr. Barrett, showed death to have resulted from fracture of the skull. The jury's ycrdicl was in accordance with the evidence. Tho city coroner held an inquest at Sand ridge yesterday, on the body of Joseph Hardy, who was accidentally drowned in the bay or the 5th inst. Charles Roberts, boatman, de posed-On the 5th inst., deceased'and mysol were in the employ of a butcher namec Thompson. We went off in a boat to a shij called the Kenilworth, which was coming uj the bay. The sea was very rough, with i strong wind from the south-west. Wo wen sailing the boat, which was a good one, anc quite suitable for the bay. We understooi how to manage the boat, as we had beet working in her for nine months. Deceasei was very anxious to bale the boat, bu I objected until wc got alongside tin ship. There was not much water in tho boat Deceased insisted on baling her, and left hil seat forward and came aft for that purpose The boat paid off, and would not steer, ii consequence of the additional weight aft She filled and went down ; she did not cap size. The boat kept rolling over, and wi clung to her as well as we could. We ve mained in this situation for about half-an hour, when deceased remarked if he had hi: clothes off he could swim to the wreck of tin Result, no partly stripped and started fo the wreck, but soon returned to the boat Deceased was much exhausted. I again go him on to the boat, but wo woro soon washe< off. I saw deceased still clinging to the gun wale of the boat. The boat again rolled over and deceased sank. I was rescued in abou three hours by the boat drifting ashore The accident was entirely duo to the fact o deceased wanting to bale out the boat. De ceased's name was Joseph Hardy ; he wa forty-seven years old, and has left a wife an son. The jury returned a verdict of "Acci dentally drowned." - * A meeting of the Committee of Managcmon of the Melbourne Hospital took place yestci day afternoon ; Mr. Gibbs in the chair. Th other gentlemen present were Messrs. Moon Shaun, Fenton, Levy, James, Mothorwel Gillbee, Knaggs, Barker, and Girdlestone. . communication was received from Mrs. Fei guson, acknowledging the receipt of the tei timonial presented to her by the Bazan Committee. A letter was read from th Master in Equity, iin reply to an epistl which had been sent to him, submittin the claims of the. hospital to a partici pat ion in the distribution of the Tarana! Relief Fund. The writer stated that th committee had laboured under a misai prehension with regard to his function which were confined simply lo approving ( a scheme to be submitted to him by ti: parties to the suit lor the disposition of ti surplus funds, and did not empower him I originate such scheme or designate the ol jeets to he benefited by it. He added thi he had approved of a scheme proposed, whic was now under the consideration of M Justice Molesworth. Should his Honoi confirm it, the fund remaining would t disposed of according to it ; but should 1 not do so, the Hospital Committee, it wi suggested, had better submit their claims 1 the parties to the suit. Mr. Mooro undo toole to have an interview with the Tarana] Relief Committee on the subject. A lett was received from the committee of ti: Chinese Joss-house at Emorald-hill, ei closing tho sum of £50, as a donation to ti hospital, and requesting that the ñamo i Sec Yup might be inserted on the books as life governor of the institution. The annual sittings of the General A scmbly of tho Presbyterian Church of Vi toria were commenced, at the Scots Churcl Collins-street, last evening, The church w, crowded. Tho retiring moderator (Rev. J D. KininmontJdeHvered a valedictory addrès taking his text from Zachariah xiii., C. 1 the courso of his observations tho speak likened the sectarian spirit which guidi most charitable contributions at the preso: day to tho innato selfishness displayed by ti prophet over the destruction of his gourd, contradistinction to the niggardly compassü he expressed for the devastation of Nineveh. The benediction having been pronounced, and the assembly constituted by prayer, the' several clerks of presbytery at Melbourne, Geelong, Castlemaine, Ballarat, Hamilton, Mortlake, Beechworth, Gipps Land, and the Wimmera, read the %-arious pastoral re- movals, ordinations, inductions, and resigna- tions which had taken place in their respec- tive districts during the year. The Rev. I. Hetherington (clerk) read over the assembly roll, and declared it to contain the names of ninety-threo ministers and fifty-ono elders. The Rev. A. D. Kininmont formally ten- dered his resignation of moderator. Tho Rev. T. M. Fraser (Geelong) said he felt great pleasure in proposing the appointment of the Rev. A. J. Campbell (Geelong) ; Mr. Campbell had presided over the Mission Committee for a period of six years, and had also originated the £3,000 fund for bringing out ministers to this colony. The Rev. T. Hastie (Bunin- yong) briefly seconded the motion, which was unanimously agreed to. Mr. Campbell, in returning thanks, adverted to the many afflictions by which the church had been visited during the past year, and especially regretted tho cheerless feeling of strangeness Avhich existed among members of the assem- bly. Many members Avero utter strangers to each other. If the Avork were to be zealously carried out, they must -begin by knoAving each other. Their proceedings were objected to as being desultory, but they must give thom shape and order. Dr. Cairns moved, and tho Rev. D. M'Donald seconded, that a vote of thanks be accorded to the late moderator. Tho motion was carried, and thanks recorded and acknowledged. The Rev. Mr. Nish said it was in contemplation to engage St. Gcorge's-hall for Sunday next, when the Rev. 0. Dykes Avili preach to the Assembly. Dr. Cairns mentioned that tho Rev. Mr. Henderson had kindly placed his splendid church at their disposal, and ho con- sidered the offer ought to be accepted. The remaining business was then postponed until the following (this) day. A correspondent bringa a grievance under the notice of the authorities of tho University. Ho says :-"A few days since I was walking with my children in the grounds of the Uni A ersity, when we Avore suddenly set upon by a large and savage dog ; and knowing that dogs (at least so the notice-boards state) are not alloAved within the enclosures, I imagined that it was some brute that had got in there accidentally, but found upon making in- quiries that this animal is absolutely allowed to roam about the grounds at will, to the great detriment of the flower-borders and shrubs, and to attack people indiscriminately, simply because it belongs to the president of the college. As many people in the neighbour- hood are in the habit of sending their children there under the charge of nursemaids, I trust that the animal in question may be kept within proper bounds in future. Upon men- tioning the matter to several friends, I found that they had been attacked in a similar Av-ay." The districts of East St. Kilda, Caulfield, and others adjacent, are much infested Avith snakes. One improvised party of amateurs, provided with dogs and guns, has this season destroyed seventeen of those reptiles, varying in length from two to four feet, chielly of the black and brown species, and occasionally one of the carpet variety. A correspondent, who assumes the cogno- men of "The Ghost of Lottery," writes as folloAvs on the abolition ot tho water jump in the Steeplechase at the forthcoming "Duke's" meeting:-"Although a 'dead un,' I occasionally get a peep of the mun- dane papers ; and, in conjunction with my old opponents, Cigar, The Nun, Peter Simple, &c;, take great interest in what is going on in jumping races all over the Avorld ; and as we always (thanks to Mercury, who makes a first-rate postman,) get The Argus, and other Melbourne papers, at about breakfast time, you may imagine our surprise when we found that there was tb be a 'steeplechase' on the Melbourne course in Avhich tho Victorian Racing Club had deter- mined to do aAvay with the Avater' jump. In our time Ave should have looked upon a horse Avhich could not clear not one, but soA'eral, brooks and streams as unworthy our com- pany, and only lit to jump a few hurdles at a country meeting. It appears to us that this abolition of a puny water jump has been ni ado to suit certain animals Avhich may possess 'foot,' but which cannot claim any pretensions to tho pluck and bottom of a steeplechaser. Pleaso try to make the stewards alter tho appellation to a hurdle race ; or get them to abolish all the jumps, andletFishhook, TimWhifllcr, the Barb, and other fast horses, havo a Hy at it, instead of attempting to make it a certainty for ono oi two favoured animals which can jump a hurdle or two, but which haA'e shoAvn such a plentiful .lack of the qualities Avhich should bo possessed by a thoroughly game ' cross country' horse." A battalion parade of Engineers, andM. and N.M., Carlton, and Collingwood Rifles AvosPicld last night, on the Collingwood parade-ground, under the command of Colonel Rede. Aftei the parade, the battalion being in square and faced inwards, Private M'Cluro, of the Carltor Rifles, was called into the centre, Avhen Cob' nel Rede said that he was requested by tin officers and men of the Carlton Rifles to pre' sent him Avith a gold medal, in appreciatioi of his zeal and ability in rifle shooting, hi having gained the championship of the Aus tialian colonies at the last competition. Thi presentation Avould have been made som' time ago, but on account of theindispositioi of Mr. M'Cluro'it had to be postponed unti the present occasion. A correspondent Avriting from Woolamai Bass River, says :-" On Sunday morning, tb 10th hist., the inhabitant« of this quiet littl township wcro loused into activity by th report that a little gill, between five and si: years of age, a daughter of Mr. West, farmci had been missing for some horns, and it Ava feared that she had lost herself in the bush A number of horsemen soon commenced ar active search in various directions, and on of them happily came up with the child a no great distance from her home. Sh seemed utterly unconscious 'that sho wa astray, for on being asked Avhat she was doini there, sho replied that she had been lookin for the cows in company Avith her brother, lad some two years older than herself, au that he had run away from her, and, as sh was tired, sho was now going home again Avhcrens the poor child AVSS going steadily or wards in an opposite direction. It is fortu nato that the search Avas so promptly com menedö, as it is not unlikely that, had th ehUd Avandered much further, wearines Avould have induced her to lie down, and poi haps to sleep, Avhen the chances of discovci in g her would havo been considerably lessen« It is a pity that cliildren so young should b trusted on such expeditions." One of tho largest choral gatherings AT havo Avituessed in Melbourne took place c the rehearsal by the Melbonrno Philharmoni Society last ovoning, Avhon the hall of th Mechanics' Institute (capablo of holding abov 400 people) was croAvded by tho members c the chorus and band-so much so that vis tors were entirely excluded. Tho band ha to take possession of tho platform. TI Avorks rehearsed wcro Meyerbeer's Exhib tionjOvcrtuic, the chorale by tho lato Prim Consort, Schott's Choral March, portions < "Athalic," and tho Hallelujah Chorus < Han'dcl. Miss Eastdown, Miss Mortley, an Miss Reeves, some of tho principals engage were present. Thcro Avili bo another fu rehearsal on the same evening noxt week. The race of the China tea clippers fro: Foo-Chow-Foo to London this season wi won by tho Ariel, which arrived five hou before tho Taepiug ; the latter, however, le Foo-ChoAv-Foo on the 3rd and the Ariel c the 13th of June. The Taeping passed Anjer Point on the 27th of June, and the Ariel on the 4th of July. The Taeping (7G7 tons) was built at Greenock in 18C3, and the Ariel (750 tons) atGreenock in I860. The Albion Turf Subscription-room will ' be opened this evening, on the occasion of the publication of the entries for the Duke's day races. There was no change in the sport- ing market yesterday. A performance by the Melbourne Amateur DiamaticClub will be given on the 13th of December, at the - Polytechnic-hall. Tho pieces selected for performance are the well known drama, "All that Glitters is Not Gold," and a farce. The club held a meet- ing last evening, at the Garrick's Head Hotel, to arrange prelim maries and to cast the pieces. A number of English sparrows were lately liberated in Daylesford, and they havo become PO thoroughly acclimatised that a young brood is already on the wing. The yield of gold in Otago continues about the average. We observe that the last escort which had reached Dunedin took down 17,122 ounces, of which 1,036 ounces wove from Tuapeka and Waipori. Another extensive slaughter of kangaroos took place last week at the station of Mr. Carmichael, Harton-hills, -when about 2,000 were run in and killed. .The number of kangaroos destroyed on this station during the last three months is estimated at nearly 8,000. "These would cat grass sufficient to maintain 12,000 sheep, the wool from which would amount in value to sometliing like £2,000 per annum.. The Thames gold-field, near Auckland, N.Z., is at last an accomplished fact. From letters leccived in Sydney dated tho 2nd inst. we take the following:-" From a thousand to twelve hundred ounces of gold will bo sent to Sydney by the Claud Hamilton to-day, from the Thames gold-field. This does not represent the whole yield of the fiold, how- ever, as nearly 1,500 ounces have arrived in town from the diggings within the month. Of the gold now sent, fully G00 ounces arc the produce of one claim, that of Hunt and party, who have hand- crushed it all with a small Bcrdan machine, fed with the brokon-up stone by means of a tablespoon. There can be littlo question that for such machinery the yield is a laige one, and speaks highly for the genoral value of such claims as that of Hunt. Nearly 300 ounces of the remainder carno from the claim of Barry and party, which is not les3 rich than Hunt's. It must not be supposed, however, that these are the only claims getting anything worth having. Of comse this is not the case, or it would be equivalent to starva- tion for nearly 4,000! people who aro now on the field. Something like 500 ounces have been got in small quantities by other parties some getting about fifty ounces, and others not moio than ten or twelve. But little of this is got by washing, however', as reefs are so entirely the rage that sluicing has no chance against them at all." Writing of the new chapel for the Chinese at Sandhurst, opened on Sunday last, the Bendigo Advertiser says that there were as many Chiricse congregated outside the struc- ture as inside, " but, judging by the generally immovable countenances of the , race, wo gathered that few would, for some time at least, renew their visit. Many departed before half the service was over, with smiles of de- rision upon their faces, having possibly been diawn together, like a considerable number of Europeans present, out of curiosity. There was, however, a satisfactory number present for a commencement, who listened with fixed attention to the interpretations given by James A'Liug of the readings and explana- tions of the minister, a few joining in the service as it proceeded." " A case of some importance was'decided,'1 says the Bendigo Advertiser, "by the Judge of the Court of Mines, in-chambers, yesterday morning, with reference to oiders mado by wardens before the repeaj of the Gold-fields Act for payment of drainage rates. It was decided that the same forms of proceeding must be adopted to enforce such orders as if such act had not been repealed ; and, accord- ingly, ,'an execution which had been issued without regard to such forms was set aside, with costs. It is understood that the decision will affect many other cases." With the exception of a very small work, for which a contract has just been let, the Spring Gully reservoir is now completed fenced, cleaied of stumps, the tower raised, and the outlet-pipe fixed. There is as yet but a small quantity of water stored. There is a leak, possibly of small importance, appa- rently between the masonry of tho tunnel 1 and the rock through which it is hewn. A man named Simmons, employed as engine-driver at the claim of tho Band of Rope Company, Chinaman's-fiat, Mary- borough, was drowned on Sunday, while bathing in tho reservoir attached to the claim. An astronomical correspondent of the Bal- larat Star prognosticates a shower of falling stars to become visible this month, the stars to make their appearance in the eastward. Another correspondent of the same journal writes to say that " the phenomenon may be expected between the 12th and 14th, and that the astronomical world is most anxious to receive every particle of authentic in- formation upon the subject, especially from the southern hemisphere, as a great astro- nomical problem is dependent for solution upon their periodical return." Mr. Thatcher, whose name is familiar to every old colonist, and to many a new one, will commonco an entertainment, called '" Life on the Gold-fields," at the Polytechnic hall, on Saturday next. The nature of the performance has already been alluded to in our columns, and we believe that it is in every way woithy of the author's former reputa- tion. At the Theatre Royal last evening the per- formances of the Martinetti troupe, precoded by the brilliant little comedy "Simpson and Co.," were repeated. To- night an entirely new programmo is announced. The ballet divertissement, "Le Diable à Quatre," in which Mesdames Desiró Mathieu, Martinetti, Gruct Buislay, and Nelli will appear, will bo fast on the list of tho Martinottis' porfoun ances. Messrs. Julien and Paul Martinetti and M. G moe Buislay will also give a new entertainment, entitled the "Three Ath- letes," and the whole will finish with a balletpantomime, "MonsieurDeschalumeau,'' in which the whole company will take part. The well-known and favourito comedy, "The Jealous Wife," will precede tho entertain- ments of the Martinottis. At the Haymarket last night "The House on the Bridge" was repeated, Madame Celeste being received with moro than the usual amount of applause. Mr. li. P. Whitworth^ farce, "TheDuke's Arrival," concluded the entertainments. Some sUght but beneficial changes have been made in tho latter pioco, and it goes much moro smoothly and smartlj than on the fust night of its production This evening " The Floweis of tho Forest' will be substituted for "Tho House on tlu Bridge," Madame Celeste taking the part oJ Cynthia. We observo that on the occasion o Madame Celeste's farewell performance oi Saturday next, which is announced as giver under the patronago of tho mayor of Mel bourne, an address will be presented to he; prepared by Mr. B. C. Abpinall. Thoso very pleasant and popular actors Mr. and Mrs. J. L. Hall, have returned to th colony, and will commence an engagement oi Saturday next at the Theatre RoyaL Thei engagement is stated to!be for six night only, but wo hope that, having again go back their old favourites, the public will no permit them to leave so quickly. The "Lehman troupe" arrived yesterday in Melbourne. They have been playing during the last month in Sydney with con- siderable success. Their agent and leader is Mr. Schmidt, who, together with his wife (Madame Therese), was well known in Mel- bourne some few years ago. Mr. Schmidt has been ballet master at the Ambigu, Paris, and at the principal theatre in Brus- sels. He travelled with the Martinetti- Ravel troupe through, America, but we believe that some managerial disagree- ment separated the company in California, and he then gave his services to the Lehmans, who were formerly a part of the original Martinetti troupe. The Lehman troupe numbers among its members some artists of considerable eminence in their own peculiar line. Not to mention Madame Therese, who is already known to the Melbourne public, we notice the names of Madam. Marzetti, premiere deenseusc, Madame Julia Lehman, Madame Adele, Madame Schultz, and Madame C. Leh- man, while among the male members of the company M. Jean Haslam, M. Barre, and M. Schmidt are pre-eminent. We do not know what the entertainments of the Lehman troupe may prove, but their reputa- tion stands sufficiently high in Sydney to lead us to believe that they should be successful in Melbounio. Notwithstanding the numerous calls that will bo made upon public attention by actors and managers during the ensuing month, Mr. Lyster has decided upon bringing his opera troupe back to Melbourne, and opening tho Princess's Theatre for that time. The per- formances will comprise some of the most successful of the. operas previously given here. We are also promised Rossini's "William Tell" on a scale never before attempted. Mr. Lyster announces his enter- prise as under the special patronage of His Royal nighncss the Duko of Edinburgh and His Excellency Sir Henry Manners-Sutton ; and he proposes to take advantage of the loyal enthusiasm of Melbourne opera- goers to charge a guinea for admission to the dress circle whenever the Prince is present. Among the gentlemen who recontly passed their second law examination at the Univer- sity was Mr. W. R. Parkin, whoso name was erroneously spelt Parker in this journal. On Monday the foundation-stone of an Anglican church was laid in the new town- ship of Diamond Creek, by Mrs. Charles Maplestone, the wife of the honorary archi- tect. The Rev. J. Hullis (parochial minister), the Rev. B. S. Walker, and Mr. Watkins, M.L.A., took part in the ceremony. In the evening about 300 persons sat down to tea. The sixteenth monthly meeting of tho Freemasons' Building and Investment So- ciety took place last evening, at the Me- chanics' Institute; Mr. James Smith presiding. Shares were sold at £20 premium ; but the receipts were not so large as usual-a circum- stance which was attributed to the fact of the civil servants not having yot been paid their salaries. Tho nomination of members to tho office of trustee, which was announced lo tako place on this occasion, was postponed till a future meeting. At tho second annual meeting of the Vic- torian Bowkett Building Society, held lost night, at the Fitzroy-hall. a report was pre- sented, showing that during the year twelve appropriations had been advanced on free- hold securities. Tho redemption moneys, it was stated, had been regularly paid, and the mortgage deeds deposited in the society's box at the National Bank. From a balance- sheet which accompanied the report it appeared that the receipts had amounted to £1,02S 18s. 9d., of which sum £1,200 had been devoted to appropriations. The following office-bearers Avero appointed for the curront year :-Presi- dent, Mr. G. D. Langridgo ; treasurer, Mr. RoAve ; stewards, Messrs Hood and Fox ; committee, Messrs. Shields. Morris, Bowring, Thomson, Walker, Davidson, Stenhouse. Watson, Creed, Finlayson, Gay, and Mead eta. The sum of £1 Is. has been received from "Colonist," on behalf of the Freemasons' Charitable Institution. 