DAYS OF CRIME AND YEARS OF SUFFERING.* AN AUTOBIOGRAPHY. CHAPTER XXX. PRISON MYSTERIES (CONTINUED.) “ I returned to Mr. Palmer, and related to him what the fellow had said, and I repre- sented that it would, in a business point of view, be very impolitic to suffer Aaron to go, as it would lead other men to think that, after all, paying didn’t seem in the least necessary. With Mr. Palmers’ concurrence I sat up that night and made out a fresh return, in which the name of Aaron Dutch did not appear. “ The very day the men were called out it so happened that the sheriff visited the yard, and Aaron, exasperated at his disappointment, complained to the sheriff that I had threatened to keep him in the gaol unless he paid me £5 to be sent elsewhere. Mr. Palmer was pre- sent, and he informed the sheriff that I had nothing to do with the selection of the men, as he always made the list out himself. The sheriff took no notice of the complaint, and Dutch was not sent away for some weeks. “ I have now to speak of an event which grieved me very much. It soon became known to the prisoners that all business had to be done through the ‘ clark.’ If a man wanted a visit from a friend, the ‘ clark’ was appealed to. If a billet was required it was the ‘ clark’ who was fee’d. If there was any money in the office it was the ‘ clark’ who was spoken to about it. In brief, every kind of cross- work that was required to be done had to pass through the hands of the ‘ clark.’ “ One day a message came to me from a man named Batty, informing me that he would give me five pounds to send him to another station. I im- mediately went to the man and assured him that, on receipt of the money he should be transferred. He told me that he had no money with him in the prison, but that he would send word out and get it. He ac- cordingly sent a note to some girl with whom he had been living, directing her to give the ‘ clark’ of the gaol £5 to have him (Batty) sent to some better place. This note was de- livered by a discharged prisoner; and the house at which it was delivered was a brothel. The girl, after reading the note, threw it down upon the table. A few minutes afterwards the detective police had occasion to pay a visit to the brothel, and one of them took up the note and read it. Seeing in it that the gaol ‘ clark’ had to be bribed, they determined to make the experiment themselves. With this view they got a person who was not known at the gaol to stop the free clerk of Tipton Gaol as he was leaving for home, and, make him the offer of £5 if he would send Batty to another establish- ment. “ The next morning the free clerk asked me (he knew very little of the business himself) it there was a man of the name of Arthur Batty in the gaol. I told him that there was, and he then asked me if I could oblige him by inserting his name in the next list of transfers. I answered that I could easily do it if he he wished it. “ No more was said. I thought in my own mind that Batty’s friends had arranged with the free clerk in the matter, and I was really glad, as the man had a large family, that he had the opportunity of obtaining a trifle. He was a very gentlemanly man, and was not in any way concerned in the doings of Messrs. Palmer, Sawyer, and Co., although, being shrewd, he judged that things were not exactly on the square. The next morning the free clerk entered the gaol offices as pale as a ghost. He was very much excited, and walked back- wards and forwards in the office without speaking a word. At last, turning to me, he said—‘ I am completely ruined ; what my poor family will do l don’t know. God help me ! I’m an unfortunate man.’ “ He then went on to tell me that on the preceding evening he had accepted a £5-note from a person who represented himself to be related to the prisoner, Arthur Batty, which sum was given him with the understanding that he was to send Batty away as soon as possible to some other station ; that the person who handed the money to him was in ___________________________________________ * All rights of reproduction and of translation re- served. ______________________________________________ reality a police agent, acting with the sheriff’s concurrence, and that the sheriff had himself witnessed, from some window, the transaction. “ ‘ I have been sent for by the sheriff this morning,’ said the poor clerk ; ‘ and there is a note in his possession which, officially referring to me as the gaol clerk, leads him to the con- clusion that I am accustomed to accept bribes. He would not listen to my protestations of innocence, but told me he had no alternative but to dismiss me at once.’ “ Indeed, indeed, I was heartily sorry for the poor gentleman, as he stood before me so evidently distressed in mind at his position. He was well connected ; had been once a mer- chant in Belfast. I pitied him much because I knew well enough that he had never received a sixpence from anyone before by way of a bribe. In fact, he had no power whatever in Tipton Gaol to make it worth anybody’s while to bribe him. He lived in an atmosphere of corruption, and he knew it; and though, per- haps, not venal by disposition, his surroundings served to prepare him to yield to the tempta- tion, when the temptation was set before him. “ I soon discovered that the same weakness of character which had led the free clerk to accept the bribe had also allowed him to make use of moneys which he had officially received, and I confess that I then commiserated his misfor- tune less. “ It was the 20th day of the month (I re- member it well) when his dismissal took place, and he then had in his possession all the money he had received from prisoners and other sources during the month, as it was his practice to settle with Mr. Palmer on the last day of each month. The amount that, at the time of his dismissal, he was indebted to the gaol was upwards of £50 and he had not a sixpence to pay it with. “ Mr. Palmer was not in a position to quarrel with him, so he accepted a promissory- note for the sum, and signed the accounts as if he had actually received the money. I saw the free clerk some time afterwards, when he was carrying on business for himself, and he then told me that he had never paid Mr. Pal- mer a sixpence, and never intended to do so. “ The force of example is great, and, there- fore, it is not very surprising that the turnkeys of Tipton Gaol were many removes from being immaculate. They had not, it is true, by any means a thorough knowledge of Mr. Palmer’s character, but they knew something of his proceedings, and suspected a great deal more. No wonder then that they were anxious to do a little business on their own account, without any distressing qualms of conscience as to whether it were legitimate or not. “ Mr. Palmer, however, aimed at a monopoly ; and no one could have studied more to keep his subordinates in the path of rectitude than he did. Secure himself, he made a point of hunting down others the instant he became aware that they were trespassing on his do- main. Two cases of dismissal I well recollect. “ The first was that of a man named Worth. He was attached to the labor-yard of the prison, and for some time had managed to carry on a very profitable business with the prisoners. On Mr. Palmer’s behalf I sold to- bacco at 18s. the pound; but Worth, as far as the labor yard was concerned, drove me out of the market by selling a pound of tobacco and a box of matches for 15s. Could this be tolerated ? Mr. Palmer declared not. ‘ That man,’ said Mr. Palmer, with a glow of virtuous indignation, ‘ that man must be detected.’ “ That man was a married man with a family, and I was not so callous-hearted as to fancy the job which Mr. Palmer’s emphatic ‘ that man must be detected’ pointed out for me to perform, I intimated my disinclination to the task of detecting Mr. Worth, and so Mr. Palmer said he would take the matter into his own hands. “ Two days afterwards the head turnkey was called into the office, and Mr. Palmer told him that Turnkey Worth (according to in- formation given) was in the habit of taking away from the gaol any portable article of Government property that came within his reach, and that on that very night he was going to smuggle out a couple of quarts of lamp oil. And again Mr. Palmer pronounced the fatal words, ‘ that man must be detected.’ “ And detected he was. As he was leaving the corridor of the gaol he was stopped by the head turnkey, and two bottles of the Govern- ment lamp oil were found in the pockets of his over-coat. Mr. Palmer recommended his dismissal, and dismissed he was. The same week I disposed of thirty pounds of tobacco to the men in the labor yard ! “ But I have not quite done with Mr. Worth yet. A few days after his dismissal he presented himself at the gaol, was introduced to Mr. Palmer’s parlor, and on leaving it took with him a recommendation to the corporation of Tipton, and through it was appointed as an overseer by some municipal officer. “ The other case of dismissal was altogether of my doing. The work was cut out for me by Mr. Palmer, and I was stimulated to its per- formance by a personal animus. “ The turnkey’s name was Blackbird. I had known for a long time that he was engaged in ‘ cross-work,’ and I had sometimes employed him myself to do little errands for me, always paying him liberally for his trouble. On one occasion I happened to see a gold watch advertised for sale, and as I had some few pounds by me, which I had earned from the thief advocate, Mr. Sawyer, I got Blackbird to call and see the watch, in order that I might purchase it if it were a good one, and cheap. Blackbird’s report being favourable, I handed him £12 to pay for it, that being the price demanded. The day after Blackbird told me that he had been drinking at a public- house and had lost the money out of his pocket. This story I did not believe, and I gave him to understand that he must either bring me the watch or the money. He declared that he would do neither, and dared me to speak about it. Six weeks passed away and Blackbird still had the money. So long had I been passive, but it was time to act. “ I got to find out, through my agents, that there was a man in the yard for whom Blackbird was in the habit of carrying out notes. It so happened that it was one of these agents who wrote the notes, and so I sent word to him to say that I should like to see the next note before it was given to the turnkey to take it out. The note was accordingly sent to me, and was to the following effect. I don’t pretend to give the exact words, but merely the purport:— “ ‘ Dear friend,—The stuff came to me safely, and I now want a fin and some strikes. The bloak acts on the square, and you must sling him well for me. He tells me that Tom will mount for me, but I am afraid to have him. I’m gallid he’d settle me instead of turning me up. Give the fin and the strikes to the bloak, and tell him all particulars. “ I distinctly remember that the note was signed with a cross, but the name of the person to whom it was addressed I cannot recollect. It was, however, as I learned from my agent, to be given to the barman of the Ship Inn in the first instance. “ I made Mr. Palmer acquainted with the circumstances if the case, and he proposed having the turnkey searched as he was leaving the gaol. I objected to this, as, after all, the note might not be found, and Blackbird would in that case be always on his guard. I sug- gested that the head turnkey should go to the Ship Inn in plain clothes, and tell the barman that he was instructed to call for the note, and that he wished to know where he could find the person by whom it was left. I pointed out that his after proceedings would have to be determined by the barman’s answer. It might happen that the party named actually lived at the Ship Inn, or, perhaps, would be really there when the head turnkey called, and in such a case a dilemma would arise. But I told Mr. Palmer that I was pretty certain, from all I had heard, that the party to whom the note was addressed would call there in the course of the evening to meet the turn- key, who conducted the business for his im- prisoned friend. If this were the case, the barman would merely say he had received no note, and the head turnkey would reply, ‘ Oh, then, I’ll step into the parlor, and when the note is brought you can bring it to me, and tell the bearer to wait in the bar till I come out.’ “ My suggestion was adopted, and to the Ship Inn the head turnkey repaired in the evening as soon as the lock-up in the prison was over. “ Everything happened precisely as I ex- pected. The head turnkey took a seat in the parlor, and Blackbird, half-an-hour afterwards, presented the note at the bar, and there re- mained until—to his consternation—the head turnkey walked out of the parlour and said to the barman — ‘ Is this the gentleman who brought the note ?’ The barman replied in the affirmative, and Blackbird, with, I’ve no doubt, a very sheepish look, said that he was ‘ sold.’ “ The head turnkey reported progress to Mr. Palmer, and Mr. Palmer, when Blackbird appeared at the gaol gates the next morning, refused to admit him. “ It was, I daresay, a mystery to some people how I managed to dress myself in so expensive a style; how, instead of having an iron chain upon my legs, I sported a gold one round my neck ; how, in place of having a watch over me, I carried a gold one in my pocket; how, too, the usual order of things was so reversed, that when turnkeys addressed me they called me Mr. Green, and that I in addressing them exhibited more brevity and less politeness. It was a mystery to the prisoners how some men who never seemed to work at all were liberated, on the reward labor-system, weeks before the completion of their sentences. It was a mystery to Mr. Palmer—and he ad- mitted it—where all the money could possibly come from that had found its way into his hands. It was a mystery to me how the higher officers of the Government could possibly be ignorant of Mr. Palmer’s character, and that no search- ing investigation was ever made into the system (known to half the world) which pre- vailed at his establishment. Lastly, it is still a mystery to me how, with such surroundings and such examples, it can be expected that a prisoner confined for any length of time in such an institution as Tipton Gaol can be returned to the world otherwise than twenty degrees worse than he entered it.” Such were the experiences of David Green. I have heard it stated, that shortly after the publication of Nicholas Nickleby, Mr. Dickens received a host of remonstrances from York- shire schoolmasters, who insisted on recog- nising in Dotheboys-hall their own particular establishment, and in Whackford Squeers a portrait of themselves. I should not be sur- prised if more than one or two gaolers should fit the cap on their own heads, but they are not likely to commit the indiscretion of wearing it in public. 