? . SPECIMEN OP LEGISLATION. I THE following report of that portion of Mr. Dignam's speech \- delivered in the Assembly on Friday week, prior to the galleries being cleared, has appeared in the Herald : " Mr. Speaker, the hon. member for Central Cumberland has got so infatuated that he barks at any bite, and shews his nose at anything like a ghost. It is a most remarkable thing, Mr. Speaker, that the hon. member is not to be held. You can't get him at anything. What am I to do ? I am a Government sup- porter because, forsooth, I ask you, knowing the state in which you have been sweated there, in that chair, and seeing the way they are going on with him ! I respect you. I will not see you murdered. But here he is ; because, forsooth, I ask a question he turns round and says, I'm one of the Government rags ; «ne of the Government tripe coves-bullock and lights, or anything else. He wants to make a mass of muck of my name. I do not . care for the Government or him. I am suchja sort of infatuated fool that I don't care for myself or anybody else. In this ques- tion I was not advised nor was I requested by the Government to take the question of the vacant House or the want of mem- bers, but when I see a man like that is, that wants to have his eye teeth drawn out, or cut out, or something else, and put into a state of being civilised, or something of this kind, why, any hon. member as feels his dignity hurt by the way in which this man is running down, goring and runniug in-line thoroughbred fellows-we are obliged to put him out-obliged to do it, and I think I am doing my duty in just stopping his gab. The hon. member who moved the motion : there is no member in this House, Mr. Speaker, so fond, I believe, of himself as he is. He knows it ; and I accuse him although he is the Government out- side man. But still what does he want to do with the Gover- nor ? Leave him alone. Leave Sir John alone. Why, bless my soul ! He's got a card, or somebody else has, to a feed. Any- body that'll give a feed, leave him alone-that's what I say. Bun these people who used to be, John knows where-(it's very well for him to gammon to ba asleep) they never used to give a feed. You know that, Mr. Speaker, as well as I do."- The reporters aud other ' strangers' were here ordered to withdraw. 