EUROPEAN INTELLIGENCE. [Our readers liave already had the pleasure of becoming acquainted with the writer of the fol lowing letter. In the views which he takes of persons and events at . home, probably, some will not entirely agree ; at the same time the true Catholic feelins? which his communication ?vidences, as well as the ability with which he ?writes, cannot fail to recommend him to the good graces of all. '^e have to return thanks to the friend who has enabled us to give it to our readers.] Ed. F. J. Manchester, November 1866. I wrote to you at the end of October, and it Seems but a few days ago — and yet, here is the end of November close iipon us ; very little has occurred since then, and still a great deal. Little that I could convey to you upon paper ; much, thai; has exercised an influence upon the tide of affairs in Europe. I hardly know what to select to write about ; no particular or , striking event having taken place. Many mat ters thab are of paramount importance and interest to us, would not awaken any interest in you on account of their purely local character. But there are still the great topics of never dying interest to Catholics at home and abroad, | and upon these I will touch, although. I don't intend to tresspass upon your time and patience So long as I did last month. At the beginning of the present month, the . Pope's Allocution went forth to the world, full ? of might and majesty — bold, resolute, and ' /unflinching — as strong in its denunciations of heresy and revolution as though, its author were seated upon the firmest temporal throne in the Universe, and every where arousing among the spiritual subjects of his Holiness intense admira tion and increased confidence j amongst his enemies, annoyance, disquietude, and the usual amount of vile translating, and weak endeavours to perverb the meaning of this, the bitterest draught they have had to take during the year, and one which they must take, as it is out of their power to prevent it. The limes ha3 had several leaders upon it ; Punch and Fun have all had a slap at it. Not being able to contend against the main portion of it, they have selected, as the object of their ridicule and attack, one phrase in which his Holiness, speaking of his perfect readiness to suffer martyrdom for tha Church, expresses his willingness 'to die for its welfare if need be, or to leave Rome for some other country,' or words to that effect. 1 have not seen a copy in a Roman journal, but from the copies in the Catholic Tress, I will answer for it, their translation of this sentence, at least, is correct. Now, there is nothing in all this to cause so much ridicule. The non-Catholic press seems to be immensely tickled by the idea of his Holiness first asserting his readiness to [die, and then, as they say, drawing in his horns and finding a loophole in saying he will seek an asylum in some other country. Well any one will admit it would have been better had the order been reversed, but it shows to any mind a great scarcity of matter for attack by them when all they find is a mere irregularity of expression. They have often acknowledged, the Allocutions are remarkable for purity of style and beauty of language, though the trans lators they select are so very inadequate to the task imposed upon them. Mr. Gladstone (the ex-chancellor of Exchequer) is now in Rome on a mission of mercy (!) viz, as mediator between Italy and the Pope. If rumour is to be believed he has signally failed so far in endeavouring to convince His Holiness of the necessity of giving up for ever his temporal authority, and sub mitting to Italy's Government. According to Mr. Gladstone's own account he has been most cordially received and treated by His Holiness, and has acknowledged his appreciation of the con deseensionshownto him through the public press. He has had severalaudiences and holds out strong hopes that areconciliation maybe effected between Italy and Pius IX. His visits and enquiries have not been confined to His Holiness alone, as he has had several interviews with Caidinals Antonelli, De Pietro, &c.; In addition to Mr. Gladstone, Lord Clarendon, Mr. Cardwell, and Mr. Stanley are in Rome, and Lord Granville and Lord Grey are expected to reach there every day. There is again a rumour that Earl Russell is expected there, and that he is only waiting for Mr. Odo Russell who is to be in Rome at the end of this month. Of course great importance is attached to the visit of these statesmen to the Vatican, where it is said so little is known of English politics. The belief that these gentle men will be instrumental iu effecting a settle ment of the present difficulty is gaining such univeral credit that the Emperor of the 'French has depatched General Fleury on a special mis sion to the Pope, as he wishes to have the credit of having effected a reconciliation entirely to himself. Mr. Gladstone and the rest are making all kinds of enquiries concerning the internal working of the Papal Government, examining the prisons and public institutions, &e.; In a letter to the official journal of the Holy See, he contradicts some reports which had got abroad concerning his interview with His Holiness, and the style of his letter has given great satisfaction at the Vatican. Punch has had a most amusing account of an imaginary interview between Gladstone and the Pope, in which the latter is made to own to opinions entirely at variance with his expressed convictions concerning the future of Italy. Glad stone is supposed to hint that the people of Eng land would be disposed, to give him a more hearty welcome home if he should be the means of setting at rest the various disturbances which agitate Italy, and offers in the name of England an asylum to the Venerable Pontiff who, he says, would be received cordially and reverenti ally by the warm-hearted and enlightened people of England. If there is nothing else in the account there is a very strong under-current of real good nature, and an evident desire to see one so old, so pious, and so respected, at peace with his subjects and his fellow sovereigns. And I may say en passant that there really is a great deal of good feeling in England concerning the Pope. Very many thorough Protestants admit the justice of his cause and give him their cordial sympathy. One little incident illustra tive of this occurs to me : Upon the fifth of November (Guy Faux day) Archbishop Manning received from an anonymous correspondent a letter containing a cheque for £500 drawn upon a London house, and only signed with initials, and expressing the writer's entire sympathy with Pius IX, and requesting him (the Archbishop) to forward it when cashed, to Rome, to His Holiness. At first he thought it was simply one of the many tricks played upon Catholics at this time and concluding the cheque not being signed, was a mockery, was about to burn it when his secretary suggested that it should be presented for payment at the bank, and upon doing so to his surprise the manager said he had received instructions to cash it, but was not at liberty to divulge the name of the generous person who had simply signed himself 'A Pro testant Guy Faux.' Of course the Archbishop joyfully sent it to Rome where no doubt it would be thankfully received. Dr. Newman has lately published a short dis course Hpon the ' Temporal Power,' which has called forth a great deal of dissention amongst the critics. Very many maintain that in it, he expresses views very widely opposed to those of Dr, Manning upoa the same subject, This has been . seized upon by non-Catholics who charge us with the inconsistency of preaching unity of belief when there is such a difference of opinions between two of our doctors, certainly not upon a matter of doctrine but upon a sub ject upon which it has been said all Catholic are unanimous. There is no possible difference between the two, Dr. Newman simply treating it in a different way, perhaps not so enthusiasti cally and boldly maintaining it (for he never is.enthusastic about anything) as the Archbishop has clone, but still proving beyond the reach of argument that a temporal sovereignty is highly essential to the purity cf the church and the soundness of her doctrines. He refutes the charges brought against the Papal States of being behind the age in civilisation and refinement, and shows that the docility and love of the pure and beautiful, so inherent in the inhabitants of these states is infinitely preferable to the bold irreligion and irreverent blasphemy purchased by the enlightened education of England, the most civivilzed nation of the earth. The Romans are not perhaps so good engineers as we are, nor such skilled shipbuilders, but still there is no doubt that Rome is the home of the Fine Arts ; that music, painting, sculpture, all find fostering care in the 'Eternal City,' that it is full of universities where students to the number of ?fifty times those in Oxford and Cambridge, pur sue the path both of virtue and learning, and that is more than can be said oE the latter two. Nor is that Italy as far behind in civilization as her would be destroyers say she is, for she produced, when ;. buried in the dark .ages of Monkish ignorance and superstition, more men of genius and learning of every kind, painters, musicians, sculptors, poets, dramatists, &c.;, in a fixed period by doullc than England when, as Cobbett says, 'under the full blaze of enlightenment and civilization' consequent upon the reformation (?) The correspondent of the Temps in Florence corroborates a statement that it is designed amongst the various powers to. make an arrange ment by which the Pope; is to bfe guaranteed a small portion of the territory which lie now holds. He says that a great many people, amongst others the Italian government and the Roman (Revolutionary) committee, are convinced that the only practical settlement of the difficulty is b leave the Pope absolute sovereignty over the Leonine city and a strip of territory ex cluding Civit'a Vecchia, but including the port of Palo. According to this plan all that part of Rome on the left bank of the Tiber and the Travastere as far as the gate of Ponto Santo Spirito would become exclusively ltaliaa. The Leonine City is walled in, and the Pope1 he says 'could thus feel himself at home.' As to ths likelihood of this arrangement being carried into effect I will offer no opinion, I only state the facts. The Roman legion furnished by France to the Pope has proved a disgrace to the country which sent it forth. The men are deserting in numbers every day being oftered very large sums by the Italians for so doing. They refused the banner of the.Pope and fired upon it, and drowned the cry of 'Long live Pius IX.' which their general started by ' Viva Veuezia' Vivel'Eni pereur, &c.; 'We have tried hard to disbelieve it but it is too true. The Empress' kindness has been thrown away. A controversy which must have proved very moitifying to the members of the Reformed Club has j as b' been concluded in the columns of the Times. The subject was Piitualism and it was commenced by the Rev.. Lord Syndey Godolphin Osborne, who, in a series of letters to the Times to which he subscribed himself S. G. 0., strongly denounced in somewhat unmeasured terms, the Ritualistic and 'Papist' practices of so many clergy men of the Church of England, and more particulai'ly in the diocese, where he is au offici ating and licenced clergyman. The name of the writer soon became known and his Bishop (Salis bury) rebuked him severely through the medium of the press for his very uncharitable and un christianlike attack ; supporting his own known opinions upon the subject of the ritual and quoting freely therefrom to -prove the power of bishops to confer upon their priests the power of absolution by the gift of the Holy Ghost, and much more to the same effect, ending by stating his conviction that the truth would prevail over falsehood and praising the noble determination of his followers to persevere in the work so well begun, viz,, that of restoring the Church to its proper degree of sanctity, and increasing in its members a love of their religion and a desire for growth in holiness. This was followed by letters on both sides showing how widely different were tlieir opinions upon points of doctrine even. It has ended by a conciliatory letter from S. G. O. and a condescending one from the Bishop, but it has given us an insight into the workings of the Anglican* Church. What a spectacle of awful dissension does this so called Church (?) of Eng land present, when no two of its Bishops even agree upon the articles of their faith and more than half of them lean rather more to the Church of Rome than to their own. The Bishop of London has recently licensed Father Ignatius for_ duty in the Metropolis, and has made no objection to the Benedictine monas tery jiwt established, there, of which Dr. vlihell (late of St. Alban's, Manchester, who ?' was suspended by bhe bishop of this city for preach ing his belief in the real presence, and for other 'Romish' practices) is the head. He too, has Ween licensed by 'London' for metropolitan work. Dr. Pusey in a most gentlemanly and Christianlike letter to the limes upon the sub» ject of confession, says that he knows it to have been freely used in the English Church, both by clergymen and laity, for the past quarter of a century. His experience shows him that in nearly every case except where he has himself advised it from a knowledge of the character of the person, it has been the wish of the parties themselves and has ? not been forced upon them. Men of every call ing from the peer to the peasant, in law, in medi cine, the army, navy, &c;, have used confession, and lie believes it is extremely povrerf ol as a re mover of settled and habitual vice ; with young men specially the result invariably being an abandonment of their evil courses, and an amen ded life, making them better Christians, better friends, better subjects, and better members of ,,?.; society. . : ; You will be glad, T know, to learn that Dr. Colenso has gained the day in the action brought ?? ' against the State to recover the amount of his salary since the time of his suspension. The ''?'-?' result has been satisfactory. The Master of the Rolls has decided in his favour. Though differ ing so widely from him 1 still admire him for his v downright consistency, for following as he has been taught to do, his own private judgment. To non-Conformists this decision has given uni versal delight, as they think it a great blow to the Anglican Church, whose separation from ' -.'?.? the State patronage and control and consequent downfall they are very anxiously awaiting. Who knows? S Since I last wrote Ireland has been favored with a visit from John Bright, in his public and acknow ledged capacity as ' Pilot of the bark Reform.' To say that he signally failed to make a friend.' ship with the non-electors of Dublin, is only to say what was generally expected. There is little or no sympathy between Irishmen and Mr. Bright. There is none of that poetry in the latter which is so strong an element in the Irish nature. He has not the power to touch the chords in an Irishman's heart like an O'Connell, and it would be wonderful if he had. He is too cold, too cal culating, to;) much a man of commerce and sobriety to find much response in the hearts of a people so reckless, so warm-hearted, and so poetical. Besides, there .are other things connected with him which tell heavily against him with an Irish public. He is ' no favorite among the Celtic population of: Manchester and neighbourhood where he is a large employer of labour, and. where it is believed there is some foundation for saying he dislikes Irish workmen. Mr. Hen nessy. in his reply to Mr. Bright's very un called for attack, laid bare a great many acts and omissions entirely at variance with the views expressed by him at the recent Reform demon stration at Dublin. His opposition to the 'Ten Hours Bill,' too, has not yet been forgotten, . and I am not surprised at the disturbances which took place on several occasions during his visit, and which of course you have heard of before this from the papers. He was warmly supported, however, by several popular Irish members and Dr. Cullen even fraternised with him. 1 have no doubt his intentions about Irish' questions would be very just were they looked' into, as it is well known he is a bitter enemy of the Irish Church, and that he was the only English member of the House of Commons who' spoke against the suspension of the Habeas ? Corpus Act. Still Irishmen are such creatures of impulse that there is no relying upon what their opinions respecting him really are, they are so carried away by the feelings and recollec tions that are uppermost. The result of hia; visit has been to inaugurate a system of reform agitation in Ireland to keep pace with its mother movement in England. As many Irish papers' no doubt reach you, it is more than likely you will have read full accounts of the visit of John Bright to Ireland. There are many and conflict ing opinions concerning the reeej)tion he met with and his success there as an agitator, but I believe, as I have already said, the prevailing impression amongst his adherents is that the one was not so cordial as was anticipated, and bhe other far less than was looked for. A great Banquet under the auspices of the National Re form Union was held last week in the Free Trade Hall, which it was intended should prove to the present Government and the nation gene rally that the great work of Parliamentary Re form is being prosecuted with the utmost vigour and that its champions are strongly determined to make a stand during the ensuing session, and do battle manfully for the cause. The most brillant assemblage it is said, ever assembled within the Free Trade Hall, collected to de' fitting honour to the occasion. Nearly a thou sand ladies, and more than a thousand gentle men were present. Amongst the latter were' no fewer than twenty seven members of the House of Commons, Liberals of course. Many popular names stood in the list, foremost amongst ? which, of course, was that of Mr. John Bright. ? . - Lord Haugkton, (F. Monckton Miles) who was recently creased a peer, not so much for his' political worth, as for his literary abilities, ad dressed the meeting it some length, he being- * the only member of the Upper House present. '*?., The; various speeches it is needless to say, were merely repetitions of what had bceu heard at the great Reform Demonstrations, held within the past few months, in some of the large towns of this country. Whilst on the aubject of politics1 I may say that Mr. Pope Heunessy has just been defeated by a large majority in the contest ? for Wexford, his successful opponent being a Mr. Kavanagh, a conservative likewise, who, it is said, has neither hands nor feet, and yet is able to drive a four in hand, and ride a hunter with much skill ; his mode of locomotion bein^to roll over! Surely this is the rarest species ofM.Fs. ? {To ie coiitinmi.l 