NEW CATHOLIC CHURCH AT MAR RABEL.—LAVING THE FOUNDATION STONE. The Very Rev. John Smyth, V.G., assisted by the Rev. Joseph Tappeiner and the pastor of the district, laid on Sunday, 7th instant, the foundation-stone of a Catholic Church, under the title of St. Agnes the Martyr. Though the constant and heavy rains during the week had rendered the roads in many pltces almost impassable, and the day itself was unsettled and showery, yet no fewer than about 400 per sons came to see laid the first stone of their church, and to generously contribute their mite towards its erection. At 10 o'clock a-m. the Bey. Joseph Tappeiner celebrated mass, after which the priests and laity walked in procession from the small and unsightly building hitherto used as a chapel to the site of the new church. The Vicar-General having laid the founda tion-stone, according to the Roman Ritual, preached an excellent sermon, in which he re minded his audience of the great reverence paid by tbe people of Israel to tiie ark of the covenant, of the ardent desire of Ring David to build a temple to receive it, and of the magnificence end grandeur of the temple built by his son Solomon. He then showed them the superiority of the smallest Catholic Church over ths temple of Solomon, and of tbe ark itaelf, inasmuch as their faith teaches them that at the Holy Sacrifice and in the Eucharist God is really and personally present in the Catholic Church; but He filled the ark and temple of Solomon merely by some mani festation or shadow of His presence. The very rev. preacher then dwelt upon the generosity and enthusiasm of the Jews in giving what was necessary to build thar temple, the grandeur and sanctity of which was only a type of tiie real greatness and holiness of a Catholic Church- He concluded by telling them that, as they had undertaken a great work to erect a house for God, they would that day come forward and give what they could afford to build it. The handsome sum of £84 14s. lOd. was thai laid upon the stone. The building will be Gothic; the nave will measure 60 by 25 feet, Derides chancel, sacristies, and porch. The plinth, quoins, and buttresses will be cut stone; and as the site is elevated, with a back-ground of fine old gmntrees, the building will greatly contribute to the beauty of the young and rising township of Marrabel. The laying of the foundation-stone of the Roman Catholic Church at Wallaroo Bay took place last Sunday. A large concourse of persons assembled to witness the ceremony, including many firom ITp____ and Moonta. Mass was said in the wooden chapel in the morning. Shortly after its conclusion a little before noon, the Very Bey. J. Smyth, the Bey. Mr. Rey nolds, and the Bey. Mr. Kennedy issued from the chapel, and, preceded by lads habited in white and bearing holy water and the Bible, proceeded to the western end of the site of the new edifice, where a wooden cross had been erected, and offered prayer. They then walked to the eastern end and, standing before the foundation-stone, recited the Catholic litany and other forms of prayer. After this a bottle was placed in a cavity of the stone on which the foundation-stone was to rest, containing a parchment in which was written the facts usually inscribed on such documents. The stone was then blessed in accordance with the rites of the Catholic Church, and hav ing been deposited in its place by Messrs. Kerrison and Phillips, the Rev. Mr. Smyth, touching it with a silver trowel, pronounced it laid in the name of the Father, of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. After some other formali ties had been observed, the Rev. Mr. Smyth mounted a platform under a canopy, which had been improvised, of canvas and pine branches, read from the first to the 11th verses, inclusive, of the Ist chap, of Malachi, and taking those portions of Scripture as tbe basis of his dis course, he proceeded to deliver a sermon that was characterised by much eloquence, favor, and impressiveness. On the conclusion of the sermon it was announced that contributions would be received towards the building fund. Subscriptions at once were handed in rap'dly, and in a short time tbere was collected upwards of £140. We understand that about £250 had been previously contributed to the fund. — Wallaroo Times. 