6*7- — = = = = = PUKE OF EDINBURGH RACES The Bacei on the Flemicgton Course, on \- y> were, in every way, a great success, • , ;t evident that Princs and peasant enjoyed the sport. Some of the very best rLg J) Australia competed for victory, and it g admitted that the racing throughout was '^The'dsy was beautifully fine, and the light • 0f Friday morning had sufficed to freshen !h7(jrard into fine racing condition. Long kpfoie the announced time for starting the first nee there was a considerable gathering upon the hill, and as the public offices and places of business in Melbourne closed at and about mid- 5 _ tjjs attendance rapidly,, increased until thai wm probabiy not far short of 30,000 pre- ^t on the ground. His Royal Highness, accompanied by His Excellency and their respective suites, arrived at the grand-stand in time for the first race, and was enthusiastically recured, bowing his acknowledgement of the compliment. His Royal Highness appeared delighted with the scene and sport The band ot utb Regiment was in attendance, and considerjblv enhanced the entertainment. The racing mis very fair, but the interest in the events of ibc day suffered from the eclipsing competition of His Royal Highness's presence, and there rere many more inquiries as to which waB the Dnke. than which was'Sydney "Km. The iDterest in the steepleohase was much reduced lr the bringing the event down to the level of a mere hurdle race by the removal of the water jump, making the event a sort of sporting "Hamlet without the Ghost:" and one can hardly conceive that His Royal Highness will to sway with a high impression of our "crosscountry " accomplishments, if the best race of this kind that we can put before him is a mere hurdle race, with an anything but difficult log ftnte md low stone wall thrown in. Otherwise the arrangements were excellent, and that unrgetic officer of the club, Mr Bagot, deserves high commendation for bis very creditable executive management of the a&ur.; The " card " exhibited sport enough as far as events were concerned, no leas than seven races being in the programme. Mr G Watson performed the datiea of starter, and Captain Scott acted as jndgs. It it » most creditable feature of the affair that the multitude behaved themselves and allowed H-B Highness to enjoy himself without being mobbed to death- He was, I am free to aay, allowed to go hither and thither, smoke his cigarette, eat his lunch 'with a few friends etc, without being offensively and impertinently 1 subiecudtoultra-loyalUm, or toadyipg—a freedom which he appeared to fully appreciate, and lnokid much the brighter and easier for the absence of the restraint which the somewhat embarrassing solitude and observation to which hs has been subjected has hitherto rendered necessary. Tin tent which was fitted up expressly for the Knyal and vice-regal party was a vary tastefill affair, f.n the table were a selection of the choiceit pelargoniums and fnschiasto be seen in the colony at the present time. They were supplied from the conservatory of Mr-Hugh Glass, under the eharge of that gentleman's head gardener, Mr Ferguson. At each end of the tent TO a flower- stand covered with the choicest potted flowers in lull bloom, also furnished by tin tame gentleman. The wines supplied in lie tent were expressly selected from the best ot Mr Scott's stock. - The first event of the day, which came aff Kith admirable punctuality at 12.35, was the /100-plats. Distance, a straight half-mile: For this fonrteen horses started. Warrior got the lead ai starting, but was psssed on the post by Satellite, and the pasting was as follows :— Mr S Fisher's b g Satellite, aged, Sat 13lb 1 ilr J Crongh's br g Warrior, aged, 8Bt 13lb 2 Mr J Holmes's g g Protection, 6 yrs, 8st 131b ... ... ... • 3 It was stated that the Prince held .£50 intent! in Goyder's sweep over this race. Time, The HEBDLE RACE, a handicap sweepstakes of 5sovs each. 2sovs ft, -with 150aovs added. About three miles, Mr S Davis's ch m Lady Clan, aged, I0«t 4 b X Mr C Kelly's br g Surprise, aged, 9st 121b S Mr Q Watson's b jf Pyrifcus, aged, 9st 7lb 3 At the second jump four came to grief. Sir Walter falling at the Abattoirs, by which he lost any chance ha might have had of the race. After a close straggle. Lady Glare came in first, Emprise a good second, Pyrrhus third: The &LPIXHG; STAKES, a handicap sweepstakes of lOaovs each, 2sors ft. with SOOsovs added, for two-year-olds; three-quarters of a mile. MrLLSmith's be Melancholy Jacques, Sat 71b 1 Mr P J Keighran'a bl c Zouave, 8st ... 2 Mr C B Fisher's b f Fenella, 8st 71b ....... 3 Surrasder was scratched. The start was somewhat delayed by Monsieur It Bean bolting After a very close finish. Melancholy was landed the winner, Zouave being second and Fenella third. The greatest interest appeared to be taken in the Dnke of Edingburgh Stakes, partly becanse of ths heavy stakes, 5sovs each with 600sovs added, fifty sovs to go to the second hone, the third horse to save his stake, and probably in m«ny instances from the association, by name, with our royal visitor. The distance was one mile and a half For the event 15 horses came to the start. Sydney Tim was the favourite for ttii nee; The following waa the malt:— 1 Sydney Tim ... ... ... Exile 2 Fireworks ... ... " ... ' ... ... 3 Tims—2min. 56sec. . BAXDICAP STEEPLECHASE, of 5sovs each, 2 fl- with 250 added: about three miles.' Banker . 1 Western '." "" *". ... ... 2 Babbler ; 3 Banker wen by a head and neck. QALATEA STAKES, of lOsovs each, half ft- *ith 250 sovs added; two miles. Seven horees atarted for this race, coming in, in the following ordar:— 1 Fireworks ... " .... * ' ... Glencoe "" "" " '.. ... 2 By ... ;;; 7. ... ... 3 Tune-3min. 43sec. . „ the concluding event of the day, the Bail way SWcei of 5sovs each, with 150 sovs added, was woa by Bip Van Winkle, L L, second, and Uraig'a Tim Whiffler third. " Once men" says the Age, "are the Opposition toig ng , delation OnSataarday morning our Min«-eiJeet contemporary announced; on „th» authority of itc Geelong correspondent that "Mr M.L A, on information said to have been ob; """ed from Sir F Murphy, stated that on Tnesdsy •n Appropriation Bill will tie brought in without the aaO.ODO grunt embodied, that the £20,000> «rifl be teooght «p in a separate tnll, -fend tbatiherela a protnbihiy of ,he Upper Home passing it Under protert. fflorier thai it m»y be rtferred 10 the home «ntho: " ,IIE f'T SEt'lemeBt, *nd tfaat tfus WDnld prevent a «»»loiiOB of Parliament^ We need hardly say •JU thfra i«. o truth in this statement. Francis Jforphy hsi had i.o commnnieafion wiUllIrSAV* oq w«t or my other anhjeet. Either ihe whoie thing IS • labriciti™, or it Tefere to some jdlly -eontwaafaon »tw»en tUt pair of sable brothers, Mr Sieve end Mr MCIJM SLNRPHJ, MILFCC." 