THwE CHICAGO GHOST. The I Olieajo Republican of November 23rd contains the following particulars con cerning the alleged ghost in that city : The jreportl published in yesterday morn ing's Reopublican, relative to certain alleged spr:tuala maniest'ations which occurred ina building in West Randolph- street, awakened, as might haoe been anticipated, the most intense interest among our citizens. The immediate neighhboroorho in which these strango phenomena are occurring was thrown lthe entire West side experienced in a modified degree the exhilaration naturally prodluced by a gloat story. Of what tran.pired up to 12 o'clock on WJVeuesday night tire public- are already awdre. The subsequent incidents are as fol Within a fiew mmnelns after our reporters left the house, o'Heer IRuar, who was ,left there in company with Mr. Bushnell, saw·a collee-pot leave the cupboard and roll across the floor. , At a quarter before 1 o'clock a saucepan sprang from the nail on which it was hanging and fell li the middle of the floor.' In a few moments a preserve can mysterionesly rolled out into the middle of the floor. These articles were picked up, replaced, and remained quiet the rest of the night. At 1 o'clock, officer Rust was relieved by officer Slaven, who is a firm die. believer in all things supernatural. It may be well to state here, too, that the family occupying the rooms are far from being spiritualists. On taking his post, officer Slaven firmly resolved to let nothing escape his notice: Accordingly he took a minute observation of the premises, and seated himself, prepared to explore, and if possible discover the cause of any strange occurrence. Nothing unusual occurred until 3 o'clock, at which hour he heard three dis. tinot raps on the partition between the main room and the bedroom. Springing-to his feet, he thr.:w open the doors, and saw several chairs, on which were a pile of bed clothing, and which wore standing near the head of the bed, dancing in a very unac. countable manner. He appronached them and their motion ceased. Turning, back and walking again into the front room, he heard a noise as if some heavy object was sliding upon the floor. In an instant he turned, and saw the bed, on which were lying the two women, slide away from the wall, and then moved back, striking the wall. Then one of the women called out that there was some one under the bed trying to raise it up. Taking the lantern the otficer looked under it, but no one was there. Completely puzzled, lie went back into the main room and set down. In less than fifteen minuites he heard something .rattle on the bedroomn floor. One of tie women exclaimed, "There it is again." Going into the bedroom again lee picked from the floor an iron slider, which Mrs. Skeels positively stated had not been outside the closet for two days. To have reached the position in which he foundl it, according to her statement it must have passed through two walls. It was removed, and nothting further attracted his attention until he was relieved. At 0 o'clock officer Cuby arrived, and officer Sloven went to the West -side police station. During the forenoon Cuby remained in the house, which was visised by a number of persons among whom was a" "medium," named E. H. Iddy, who came to investigate the matter. While the latter was standing in the centro of the front room, he was suddenly seized, it is said, by unseen hands, whirled violently round, thrown into the closet, and locked in I He was released from his in voluntary confinement, and the party waited for further developments. Soon a towel, which was lying near the wall, rolled across the floor, and gently folded itself up over the rockerof a chair. A portfolio, which, it is claimed, was locked up in a trunk in'thbo bed room, was thrown out, and fell on the floor in the front room. Afterwards, the lock of a satchel hanging on the wall was heard to " clinok," and on bring opened a bright silver half-dollar was found in it, thoughl the spectators were assured that such n coin was not owned and had not been seen by any of the family for months. With these freaks accomplished, the spirits became quiet, and nothing more was seen or heard for a considerable spa.e ot time. In the afternoon the falling of a salt-otllar from a table, and also a pair of scissors which were hanging on a nail near a front window, were witnessed. A noise was heard in the closet, very similar to that of the falling of a bunch ot keys. Upon investigation it was found that the keys to the bureau and trunk were, in sonme mysterious manner, taken from the lock of the trunk and thrown upon the floor of the closet. In the evening a large crowd of persons assembled around tihe house, all of them ex pressing a desire to see "tthe ghost." But admission was do eied to all except the friends of the family, members of the Press, and the police force.. Up to 12 o'clock no further developments were made, except the fall ing of- a wine.glass, and the somewhat singular conduct of a couple of chairs. These were an ordinary chair and a rouking-chai'. They were standing near the stove, when hohls were raised up and thrown over upon their backs. A sp ctator was about to pick them up, but one of the women forbade him. The request was complied with, nod in a few moments they resumed their upright position. Afterwards, as Mrs, Ritz, a lady who o:oupies a room on the same floe', was sitting in the rocking-chair, it commenced rocking so violently that she was obliged to get up and find another seat. -"Another circumstance occurred which is worthy of meation, at about 9 o'clock. The room was at this time csowded with people, when a ioise was heard in the ball. The door was opened, and a cat-not a spiritual, but a genuine feline-with an inflated bladder tied to her tail, rushed into the room. A por tion of tle spectators drew back in affright from this strange apparition, and one gentle. man jumped up into a chair. Tabby was secured, her incumbrance removed, and quiet once more restored. The above incidents, as well as those men. tioned yesterday, undoubtedly occurred as we have related them. That there is anything supernatural connected with them, however, is quite another matter. The fact that none but the most trifling and easi'y explin:d occurrences were seen by any but the occu pants of the rooms would lead to a suspicion that some human agency was at the bottom of the aftlir. 'l'he women who witnessed the most horrible of these manifslantions have at no time displayed any genuine emotion of fear, and by an examination of the premises and investigation of all circumatoanues, it is clear that all the moaifestations which are authenticated might readily hlave been pro duced through their agencoy. And the most natural supposition on tshe part of any one disposed to:' take a reasonable view of the matter is that it actually was so. The por. lons position of the children, and the encom fortablo one of the dog, were seen by them alone. The mere faoot of a chair tipping over, n door flying open, or a piece of furniture or cooking utensil travelling nacross the floor, is something that could readily be accomplished by any one of common ingenuity, and in a manner to baffle the detection ofa credulous observer. Jugglery of this kind is not of no-a frequent ocourrence. It is, however, always the result of some definite object, though what that may be in this case has not yet transpired. The affair then, if it has not already, must eventually come to be regarded as the work of designing persons, who thus attempt to play upon the superstition and oredulity of. the public for some object beat known to themselves. That the two women who occupy those rooms wore the perpetrators of these pleasant little tricks is getting to be quite generally believed, though as yet there is no positive affirmative evidence. The Republican of Saturday devotes over a column of its space to a description of the ,manifestations in another haunted (P) house in that city. - Surely Chicago is the city of sensations. 