A NEW ENGLANDERS OPINION QT? : ' ; OLD ENGLAND. : (' Old Bnßla-.d ; lt« Scenery, Art, and People." By ' James il. Hoppin, 12 mo. pp 463. Nd olass of books bringa us into more in- timate relations with the individuality of the author than the record of travels. Un- less written from i personal point of view, works of thia kind are opt to beoome cere- monious and'meagre ; often as destitute of real interest, as a table of logarithms; while in tba contrary case, the »elf-lovo of '.he author takes an' unbearable liconse, and disgusts us. with effusions of egotism and whimsicality. The extent to which this is carried Í3 frequently a positive nuisance, and wo throw down the volume with feeling . of virtuous wrath at" such ludicrous displays of vulgarity and conceit. We are not only dragged over the ocean, and weariod with the sights of. foreign lands, but aro compelled to take the journey in very disagreeable company. . Whatever information might be gleaned from the volume is made offensive by the shallowness and impertinence of the hero of the story. But to travel without leaving the armchair and the fire- side, under the guidance of a modest, intelligent, and :woll oducated gentleman, like the author of the: present work, is ono of the most delightful recreations for a rainy day,-nest indeed to passing over the same ground in his actual sooiety. Some of our best hooks of travel have oome tous from Americans, and.it is 1)0 small praise to say that the volume now given to the publio is worthy of a placo by the sido of the best works of itB class. One motive of Professor lloppin's work is to induce travellers from other countries to spend moro time ia England, instead of making it, as they aro commonly inclined to do, a mero stepping-stone to the Conti- nent. Ile traversed the whole English portion of the island, from the mouth of the Tweed to Land's End, visiting nearly every county, and faithfully examining all the prominent objects of interest and curiosity. His descriptions are exact and comprehensive, and, without the least de* gree of pendantry, have an air of scholarly grace and refinement, which is rarely found among rapid tourists. The author's first impressions of London were tho same as those of many foreign travellers whose breath is almost taken away by the vast magnitude of that huge metropolis. ? But it was not long before he recovered his self-possession and began to recognise the charms of tho thronging centre of human life. nOV LONDOJÎ STRIKES A STRANOEn. Lindon, on tho first visit, eave me little pleasure, ' and I was .glad to leave it for tbs free, sweer, open country. It «as overpowering. It . was like going into tlie stifind breath of ufurnacc-raouth. Life is on so vast a scale, so terribly real, that one h is little opportunity tn think ca li» ly, or play, or, I had almost said, prov. There ia such an oudle-n mass of human life that a man crows insignificant in bis own eyes ; he loses his individuality ; be ia inclined to cry: "I am a mere bubble-n spook-on this immense sea of existence ! 1 um worthless and insignificant in the eye of Qod !" I know this feeling is foolish, especially to n genuine Londoner, than whom no ono onjuys life more heartily. An English gentleman, to whom I eipres ed somo such sentiment, remark«.I that one moat ! be a difficult person to please if be could not live j comfoitably ni tho West Knd of London ! A second I visit, and agreeable lodgings in clean and handsome i St. James'-street, «ave me a fir more cheorful impres. I sion of London lile. M»»y Landon families, in the summer time, I »as told, are in the habit of renting ; their houses or apartments with all their furniture und 1 tabie-samoas, while they spend the warm weather in I the country or on the continent. Than there may be' seen " Lodgings to let" in the best s reets of London, and sometimes on very fine houses, reminding one of Den Jonson's "Alchemist," and showing ho» English fashions do not chango. To take lodgings in some n. at and comfortable quarter at tho West Knd, is by! fur tho pleasantest way of spending a short timo in London. , The tranquil, free, and wide-spread parks of Londrn,' yield ono also at any time an escape from tbs surging; current of lifo that' rolls through the ttreets,-the countless trains of omnibuses,' carts, carriages, men, women, and childi en. To «lip into St, JumeB'Park by! the side of tho dingy old palace, you are at ono» removed from the p-eseuce of the. heated and roaring oity, and enjoying the pore air and quiet freshness ot' Nature. The sudden tontrast is the more refreshing. One of thc moat delightful-spot», in London is tho "Botanic Qurdena" in Regen t's Park, at the height of the season of flowers. Here you may see gathered the beauty and aristocracy of tho city. Yet you can- not but bc struck by the fool, that «hon crowds of the best and noblest London families are brought together in an afternoon promenade ooncert, few of these beautiful women and elegant men seem to bo ' acquainted with' each ot!)er.. They are silent and unsocial. There appears to be, to a stranger, an ioy reservo among the linglish toward each other, H li ¡eli all summer beats and the soft breath of flowers cannot quit melt. Tho London exhibitions of . American shrubs, of such Bbrubs as our wild.nzaleas and rhododendrons, brought by Bk'ilful cultivation to great beauly and size, oro well-worth seeing. Few know tho vast'pains and expenso taken In langland, to send hota nists te every part cf tho world, and especially into new countries, to collect every foreign species of tree, plant, and flower. Even as far back as two centuries ago, this painful und costly process was going on. Our Ameri- can muple-lenved hawthorn, was then introduced into Encland. The cedar and larch were brought in a little earlier, and the mulberry in the reign of James I. The native of overy land on iho globe may thus Bee witb delight, in tho poblio gardens ot' England, his own familiar home plants arid Qgwers, andBcent the breath as it were of his own hills and plains. . Tho literary man, espeoially, finds a never failing souroe of pleasure in the streets of London. The cosy book-shops about St. Paul's Churchyard abound with temptations^ Every precious thing iu antique or modern lotter , drops at last into these dingy treasure houses. The churches aro full of historió interest. Tu St. Giles's, for instance, in an out-of-the-way corner of tho old city, is the tomb of Milton, with a marble bust of him over the spot where he was hurried. All English, history, law, literature, religion have mot in London, and .radiated thenoe as from a common foous. A visit to tho East India-house furnishes the author with some jplehsant recollections of .- '. OnABLES LAMB. I visited a spot where the memory of one " gentle" spirit still lingers, and makes the most unromantic pluoe in tbe world attruolive.' Set down in front of a sombre row of columns and a low, dingy pile ol buildings; one could hardly conceive that this was the Beat of'that Com- pany of merchants who once' ruled u vast empiro with absolute sway-tlio.lïast India House in Leadenhall Btreet. An apartment up one Hight of stairs toward the back of. the bulking was whore Charlt'B Lamb used to write. /.There I, »ai intioduced to a courteous white-haired gentleman, who ; told lae (though 1 know nothing more of ? him), that he waa a foliow-o:nra with ;L»mt£i nnd/occupied tho next.. desk' to. him.. He showed tho place whero Lamb's, desk stood, under a window, which, looked.out on the blank briok .wall ufa house. Be spoke ol'him «boru bo was proud to call a friend with enthusiasm. Ho Buid he was tho bost hearted man in tho world. Sometimes ha would say to him, " Now, you who liva in the country, go anti spoad a day st home witb your liimily and 1 will Uk» orne or yonr hoc»»/' Hé bad tremsnrlonk fits'óf wo-k, 'and Wnnld aaconipforïïhree rri'fm'otaska in a day." At other ti oie» he would1 Steep t hf nv. all merry'with his atarjea, and SW,his parres* wîln Inc* oddest scrawls and otohlnsB' This calls to raíud LamBf«r hoy lah delight, whioh ho apeaka-'of in ono of his Tetters; when he had learned to make" fl>'nriàhe*t"' and"(poor Elia") "cork screws, the heat heover Arew.!!i ' Among'.otbor., plea nmt thinirnand sayings which.this old; gentleman re- lated. I recall bat.this ; " Orie day a'-/weofttrr''Lindon merchant wna ushered into the mom and introduced 'tn Lamb aa ' Kr. So-and-Soi a distinguished ''«pipo mer- chant.' . * Oh jes," said Tomb,'quick as lightning,' I'm happy to see you, sir ; I smelt yon poming/ " " Professor IToppin evidently has tho eye of an amateur for works of arti olthougb hts makes no claim to the exorcise of the critical function. Some of his ' remarks < on this' subject ¿re worth oopying, especially his comments on TURNEn'S PAIKT.'NOS, ; Art in Lopd3nh.tR been decided liy those who live on ,the continent, and nothing bountiful is thought oipahlr ol' blossoming in that foggr atmo-phero. lt is' true that. 'Is'elson's ra muraeut in Trafilirar. square d oi not per mit Nelson to be seen,; and Wellingloi's statue at Hyde Park ii tho idoal of military " old,' fog-ryUm ;',' and all I bo " pleasant sin ¿era'''aro Italians ; ' nix] inani of tue*-metropolitan soulpt'iis and builders h ive. foreign nam s ; jet in spit« of all, London is.one of thq world's art-centres." lt would be loo great a task ti disiuas EliRfiiU Art as Ho'oloped In tba numberless schools galleried and expositions of Lindon'. Between three and fonr thousand mw picture's- are' annually on oxhib'tton. .Who cansoy,- that Englieb; art is doing- nothing ? .-Perhaps nowhere in the'world, is there no much done, to judge hy the quantity, and tn Heme rcap.'Cts the rjmlit'y of the fruits. There has' beon an important revolution in English -Art, as evrry nae knows, since the dnys of Reynolds, Wilson, Romney, and Oainsborongh. ,,Iri.eomo respects,it has lost, hut in others gained, power. The trials of Wilkie, the agonies of Haydon, and above all the ecoehtrio hut tn'pirel stu-iie» of Turner, have produced deoided changes. English Art baa gained in ¡natural vigour; and in trutlifuluess of druain^ and detail, what) it,has lost in ideal power. It is a good thing to go back ti; Nature and o-py even her stones' correctly ; this Inya a ' founda'ion for i»eniuV to build upon i kra-Raphaelitium is aires ly', giving over ifs minute realness, and beginning to elothe its leanness,*! J^the beauty of life and of higher ttnthfi. It.him done'gond, i but it h ia not proved that those things wjiioh' God hoi made small »nd earthly ore aa beautiful as those hö hn» made great andboavenly. " Thore are'glorieB terres trill and glories celestial." Puriiy is not siiHicienl fur greatness or n tittle child would ba morally greater than a tried and victorious main Passion', ideality, the divine life, must breathe and glow-' in' every truly great work of Art. 1 am Itnskinito enoughtto think that Turner in; bis best Btyle, was as near (tn approach to tliogríafc English painter as h*a >et been made. "Hut after my. words they spike nut," enid Joli ; »nd who viches (o'enter into an elaborate discu.'iiion of Turner afier'the Oxford oracle'WHS- Apoken. f 'Turner'did 3 a great work, il ! it were only to Imvo-bocn tlieioccisjon of Ruskin's .marvell ,us eloquonce. One has ar rerfeot riüht, .howe ver, to look «nd-see, and judge 'whether he likes or dislikes Turner's pom),ín¡is. Thora was, whóri I was in London a fine ouportunity tri' do this at the Keiisiníjto) Munoum, pojmtarlyitUe -." Bnilora,'' wh"-re there were three large rooms fall of Turner's Desi and worst .-piata;es, arranged, it is Baid, by Mr. Ruskin "hims- If. What' impressed me most'in Turner's greatest pictures, those which' belong princi- pally to hi» second and sound, style, was their imagin- ative power. In; snob paintings an Dido, building Carthage," in the Natijnal CUllerv, ond, the," Ship wreck,' . and'"UfTsses' deriding' i'olipheains," and " The fighting Téméraire tugged tb her last berth1' (who gave tbe.'Otaking titles?;-and ".Childe Harold's Pilgrimag-," say wbul yon «il ahout . their flight'' and,««fctiñof-pbere't their "uep'h" and "aerial perapeo tive,"jtis the power that brings hefbro yeti new ibiBg's I hat calls Ihem up fi om the pure realm of imagination \- it is this poetic power that giveB the charra to these pictures. They awake tho anisa of the- infinite that a great poem does. They takedown, the bars and let you into the green fields of joy and rrcedom, ' Olio has tho feeling-(always a delightful une)-thiit thé author of th»«c pictures could - do 'anything he wishod, could builJ » Cnrtlpge or a Kattie.. -,, As I «as looking, at one ol those eupl'me scrawls before which tho real votary pf Turner. la drunk with frenzy, a plain farmer's wife come in' and read the title,; " The Day after the Deluge." ' " Willi ! I/should think it wnr ! ' was the only remark she mado ,' aud then »koj walked through the room without noticing another; picture. s Tho London pulpit was ara object of great interest with the autbor,-and his descriptions of Spurgeon and other popular preaohers is tho best that .we have seen in print. "VVe take one ot two of these vivid portraitures. DEtrnT MELVILLE. There are many very eloquent divines in England, men ol fervid faith and, stalwart miuds ; bat the level af preaching in Uni-, lund, ai to' the essentialqualities of earnestness, forci-, and manner, is, 1 beliuvo below that in America, and below it also in practical results; I beard i Henry Melville pieach a Bermon:i addressed to warkinic people at Christ's' Church, Newgate street. I had long had bete re me nn ideal'of this disiinguixhed pulpit orator, with a name ' like tho/sound ot a flute. Everything noble, beautiful, and"sçholar-like was blended in . that conception, Ho wns . probably thin, worn with thought, but with classic features ar.d spiritual brow, and with . the VOÍCB of.' a silver trumpet. ' ile was calm and peaceful like a deep 1 :river, but miling' atong, . rich burdens of thought Alas I I found a griazlo-hairod athlete in the. desk, a brusk old gentleman, .with .sanguino mapper,,with * voice liken November storm, and a clogro'ntio positiveness in the en'unolntirn' of sensible bot comihonólaco proposition», that fairly osto'niehed nie. Ho flamed away aguinoto sceptics; .'and called! them pert coxcomb*, and other old-Iashiotied nameB o{ scorn. What be enid may have been sound, b_ut it wita hot peculiarly salted' with learning,'' ' nor inspired with high spiritual viovvs. It was undoubiedly'rnonrii tobe adapted to tbs class of working uenple,' which I did not, think of nt . tbe time,- andi hardjy reepvered myself sutliuienily in, ihe course of., tho evening^to re- cognise a remarkable degréo of vigour of tty lb anil de- livery-." My "English friepus. told mb it wei not'* favourable speoinien of bis preaching. ' . ??. ' FREDERIC MAURICE. 1 T bad a different but not much more' satisfactory ex- perience in listening toi smother-.sermon addressed to the working pooplo uy ,tbe Roy, ,F..D.:Muuricof. ,lt waa in tba anoibut ohapel of Lincoln's-Iuh-h'iold, 'that den of 'laWyers. He is ri 'short rain;'with piercing bínok eyes, very pleasant'fuoe, but', worn and 'sabolar'lilte, and with a thoughtful pensiveness of expression;.' i.ïlie loved,brother-in-law of Sterling, lhe; friend of Arch- deacon Haro. of the, present Bishop' of Oxl'oid, of Kingsley, and Tennyson, ho' must havo 'on "attaohing and stimilaiing ponor. - Hut 'he dneB not show it in the pulpit, and bis email congregation proved" in Ka delivery WOB,,artificial, almost, a, singsong tone, and, by no means dlstinot ; and his st jlo was altogether too high-pitch'ed and ' cBBaylsh,' to' reach a "coramba audience, roach less' sn asiembly of uneducated ' meni lt sounded 'Just as his books read with' now and the» the gleam of a^suggeBtive thought, but with no ole»r development tf it. The expérience of some others in roi peet to Ur. Blaurioo's 'preaching is oleo different from my own ; therefore ' I' advance it with 1 shine heBiluti'.n, "He wields in England' on ? indefinable though .perhaps*nott now Increasing influence, i He is ,liked,for bis manliness, his progressive i capacity,,and his hobie e-ynipaUiy willV the religious'doubts and difficulties of mba.' < Ho'ehowa' more.'aynip'Jthy'fb'r'the ignorant and' loworolaesW than'prac tic il 'power to helrl them. Ile; dees . not'.certainly. possceS;.(ho .logical faculty in a high,degree, and bis stylo is oritieed for Its vagueness : but his intuitions of truth" »rb pemtrative und sometimos'profound; ' He is'not a good huido, but is u.» independent explorer, . His bold . propings'in'the dark WiMiaré liHr.au; d tho limita -of i tra'h, i tie lacks tliat, cbjoi livo.or positive,,element; of, faith that all gioat.preaohers aWtlieologmrm ,buvo bad,.and isdis posrd td réflhb Christinn truth too mdoh; . In'bis o ntroversy with1 MH:'Mansill-hs'-'ehówed'Ihe' raore CUrlst-like spirit, and in < many, 'things') assumed m biftbtr and more' immovable, position. -, He by: no moans 'admits himself to bo an , innovator upon the old iuitb, but'rneaiiB io be a reviver bf ita deeper oUinis'on our obedience ahd love; "He holds that on» 'natura wns nliide . for faith. ' Ha; tliinlie' that . man oau know God, mid the. Son of God ; .that ho may fiol assured, ot' the truth,, aod biva the living dorton oni-trutione of tho truth in his own honrt. ills views nf thu ob'aruotcr of dod uro nico altrnotive, regarding Him primarily in tho lit ht of a Father. Yet it must be «Hid that graoxally, ia England he is considered, to , have intrcMticad on ¡deni find niodi/W? ?»y«tero,' tho views ChrUtatfi'ty iri'the aspect a (Mt accomplished, i aiid whiuh every «im has'but tb open' hi* eyes upon I and enjoy, rather iowa' that, of a t'rotn' that moat be personally received Ry every man, olid1.COtir ¡n'o I every aoul's individual elporioooo fur ita ren***l and . nnd ol or nal' life; In conversation at his own' pleasant ? home, if ono be not converted toonil of Afr. Afarf/ice"* ; opinions, ho will be"converted ter Mr. Maurice ' ln'tnierlif, i as a cobla man, and Christian gentleman. ' I Tho author's striotures on the English' ! charaotor are to be taken, perhaps, with' some grains of allowanoe ; at'least they admit , of, . many exceptions, as every ! ono will acknowledge : who has seen tho 1 Englishman at home ; by they are dictated . by a friendly spirit;" and are certainly entitled .to the merit of just intentions. The following paragraph is perfectly sound, and makes distinctions which should always bo borne in mind when speaking of: JÉNOLIBU COLDNESS AND KESEI1VE. I have indeed sometimes amused nu self with the idea, that a traveller entérine; an English inri it looked in the light of nn intruder upon a. priv te family ' circle. He can (¡et little information by asking qoes : tiona; is expected to keep his own room, to make as . little mdse as possible,' and give as little tronido In travelling in England one tio«=ts with fow. 1 -personal adventures, because it ia mr« that an Enplish. man " suffers you to" a sist him, or suffers himself . to be intorosted in you. I asked , an educated Kngliahman rhee wl>at waa the reason ot ; this. Ile said it was Engliah'iihle-jm. John Bull wouldn't 'absolutely take the trouble to ask questions of answer thom, to sympathise with'olhers, or to strive to win others sympathies. Ho p'efers.to Ht «till und tran- quilly digestida plum pudding. It is hard for a genuine Engli-bman to.raeet a stranger, as a EVénob,., man r'oep, on the neutral platform of well bred'indif ference. Ho must either lu cool pr hearfy, Snsplcious or nll-nonGling. I have found in travelling in England that if I could chastise my-own intemperate nationality and not let it stick out offensively, that I sion mide friends with Englishmen, who in the end, would volun- teer moro in reference to their o*n failings titan I ahonld ever have thought of producing to thorn. Mutual pride prevents Englishmen and Americans from seeing each others good ti aits and positive' resem- blance". And all Englishmen are not dis- agreeable, neither are nil Am»rioans insufftrnbK There are the pleasante-t and sweetest people in the »orld in both nations; so, there are undoubtedly the most insolent aud contemptible. I remember one evening at Jiath occupying the coffee-room with ona of the mos' agreeable men I ever mot. IIo wa» not oiily a ouIti»ntfd man, and one, tco, who did not despise an American book, and' who lived daily with dur best authors and posts, but ha was Bn Englishman who had no p'ejti'licet against us as a people,and whare he dis- agreed with us did 60 in a manly way. Ho was a genial man, op.in as tho.d >j¡ He was a Christum man, nut dry or solemn, hut! the heart of-the true Christina, the fighter'agai st all wroiii} a»d meitmies«, wits in him. His spirit met your spirit in love. Po free and pleasant was our talk, that it was ;ne»r. 1 o'clock before we parted. During the ovoninp, another man had lukin his dinner in the same room. While we were oiavrrsing upon the Crimen war, be had joined'in theiconver s'lt'ni. J onuld not mike out what ho wa*. He was neither deoidedlv military nor decidedly clerical. Ile might have hold some civil post in the army. He was coane, and there wat something about him thatdid not speak tho gentleman. My friend thought differently;' lie supposed that a campaign in the East might havo roughened him. But th» next morning he enmé into th« ro«m, ordered Ihs waiter in a peremptory »anrief, I «ta bis meal in sullen silenop, and neither.in coming in ' nor i going out, although we had talked together the night before, did. he make the slightest sign of recog- nition. After he had disappeared, ray 'companion raised both- bands, pronouncing1 the" awful sentónos, "Snobns »st I' In the < same i way. one ia continually encountering people of different "charoo, tors, and ot all shades ofoharaoter. One man ii oblig- ing and another rmlo. Wo should surely hot forget the many Agreeable people wo mdet, when we ti. i uk of the opnnsite ones. In irr.velling in other coniitrlea, I have for mani.days, and oven weoks, been thrown In company with English persons ff ranlj, occupying neighbouring rooms, sitting at tho samo table, taking1 tr o sime rounds in walking aud ' riding.' Sómo bf them have possessed the faculty of ignorlnt: the pretence of other beings, though in an unexceptionable way ; of npt seeing,when looking, and of giving ta perfection , tho " stony 13iitish stare." But others liavo good humouredly resigned themselves'to what they may have considered the force of oirouuiaiBnbes, -andcon- sented to rccouniso, .on the , ueutral ground of good , society, those about (hem who were .respectable and in- telligent. Should wo go away nnd say tir. t all tho English nobility are proud and supercillions? " Per- haps there might be oven bidden reasons'of consider-1 able weight why. common .politeness and kiednesa of ' heart fchoi |d:not be manifested to all, it felt, .though, it' were hard,to seo ibis. For myBolf, whenever I,bad the' good fortune and skill to open the English' oyster, Il have rarely failed of finding a pearl. Ur. 'Bushnell; was about right when be said ? that yon must break an : Englishman's head and walk in, nud y eu would find! most excellent accommodai ion. , His journey in the North of England; brought him into the vioinity of Haworth,, the home of Charlotte Bronte, of a visit toi which he gives an¡ interesting acoount.. ina FATHER OF CHARLOTTE nnONTfi.,' After poBaing a low straggling bouses, wo bogan to < ascend that Jong, steep, paved Btrcot. of Haworth, DOW' become BO wcll-ftuown. " What h straining, scrambling! pull of itt' At the top was tho ?''Black Bull Inti.''; It's little parlor was well . enough,-but its 'sleeping! apartments were frowsy and dirty, for probably few; people ,"over-night" there, as tho Gormans say.,, ¡ : < I IJ usl at tho lol t of the inn, within a stop orso, through! a tall iron gate, was tho populous cemetery' of tho' 'eburob.- ' 1 ? .....> i ' , Tho church itself'is a plain stone building, ICSBJ interesting, ! architecturally, than English' villana churches uBnally are. The tower is evidently of very anoient date, willi,a,mpdern body; pinned upon it. All was hard, weather-worn stone, with .nothing green bc smiling i there was not a tuft of grossabout the chuioii; yard.-' ' 1 :.?:,'.:'.:! :,? ' ' I could not help glancirg at the "Parsonage,'' lookingover the edge of the tabled graveyard ; hnt I hastened intothe;ohnreb,and,wsB Hooted in the Squire's ,pow near the pulpit, huns with faded green b.iizi. ; For nn English village choir's artiutio. performances). I refer my reader's tó the Sketch-Hoók." !Mr. Nicholls préáohed from :JoIin v. l. "He la s> dark-complexioned' mai), ' 'rather » thin,.with bladk ' hair and beard.;1 "It was a short; practical sermon, and the tones of! bis voice, especially in the servioo, wore grave and .pleasant, and, ns , I conceived, with a.tonohof sadness. Tho plaintive' "-litany " seemed' never «nor» appropriate. It wita a: fjusty day of ? rain andshlne, bot its general complexion was melancholy, ; Tho old pews .within were so dull and -brow», the old tombs outside were BO still, and ead, and .the, roar and dashing of the storm at times waa so dismal,-thai the sins, conflicts, and sorrows of life would' have-been the sermon preached to''one's' heart, bad the ' preacher ohaimed never ao sweetly. . " . ¡ ; . 1 saw the pew, and the oornor of' it, where,Charlotte need to Bit ; and the how white marble tablet on tho wnll.'crecrted to her memory,' and that of her mother; and four sisters and brother: KB'Horipturnl-motto was Oom il Cor. xv. S6, 67. Tho.' viotory waasoon gained after »ll,, for - the authoress of ' .'* Jane Kjre" and " Shirley" wasoaly thirty-nine When .she died'. "I Was 'aleo'shown tho register of hèr1' inarriiigo, and hef auto graph'in tho clinroh records. And hore ehe was married and hecBtorn old i father was - not even prêtent to givo ber Bway.;.';. . i, ., . .. , \Vithnut intending or. seeking it, I 'was Invited, as a stranger, to call n'pon Mr. ' Bronto, for a few momoDts during the'intermission.- . '..' .. ' 1 1 .' » ! \- I: went through a high-walled jard al the bnck of tho liou.ee, around to the front, through a email flower garden, (rather run to j.waste, now), a,iid(1wae,8honn by1 , Martha ¡»td Mr. Bronte's stody. ""' '' I do bot think' it would bo' violating good taste to^ spink of oB interview so simple, and thal had nothing! conlidonllnl.in its character, j t ? ' . ,, , / . - , ., , Mr.. Bronto, met mo with roal kindness of mnpricr,' bnt'witli BÓmbtliing of the. stateliness of tbs bid school,) Hlb hnir worn ' abort wa» ' white nsdrivea - snow ; hlfl. ampió cambrio oiavat oomplotely ootered his chin -, nnd1 his black dress »asofi themostif.crnpuloua ,;noo,tiio»S. Ho has been nailed handsome,, but that he never could', have been. Us had strong ragged, even,' harsh' feiUuros ' with a high wrinkled forehead and swarthy complexion ; and his eyes aro partially oloBed,-for bo ¡a a'most blind, He Bald bo was induced to invite mo to Iii» boase, though, lie saw ler.jj Utile company, boonmah* learned. that £ was BB American, -and he thought much of i ÁrnorieaV < '.- ' \ "- : ? ' Onr'conversation was oh iel! ? upon" re!ÍloU( topics^ ) ind ha TÎïihed to be informed aboot the great «|)iriinal i movements wnÎolï from time to time pnso\er Amerifta.' i Ile thought that revivals in England and Ireland.' were" . nocornpanied by Cocmjucb animal excitement ; yet fae i hollered in their reality. Ho »poke of Roman Galbo.' ' lisiim,'«nd slid that Ho had seen enough of ii, SB 'he was an Irishman. He thnnght wo rnght to girard neaioit Its-machinations of the other ellie of the water. ' Ko man Catholics could not be consistent Republicans ; imf vr» mnstnot trust too cireleVsly'to tbs' principle that Oerath wonld prevail in an epen field. ' Tbe Catholics mnde much ot that,. and took advantage of it. Ho spoke of «ducation in Kngland-that it waa all tho fashion Just now ; but I could no* help think' ¡np; lh»t the aohservatire, aranite-rnlndtd ' old ''' IlestonB*' looked npon a groat deal 0f it as senti- '' montai and superficial. Ho struck me as being' naturally a very "sooial man, wi tb ' rt mild fond pf di-cussion, arid, feeding eagerly on new idean, in spite of -lii'i reserve. ; ¿ly call-was necessarily finite short one.- ' I ilion went) into the opposite parlour, where his daughters used tb kit ând write. There wns Charlottes portrait, with tboie large dark eye«, square ÜtnprT.dingvbrbw, »rid sad, ttnfrmlii'g mouth. 1 liranwelf cBroate'a medallion likeness hung, opiosite;'- and) Thackeray's portrait, " looking past her," as ehe said, 'waa'oh'the front wall. Her books atilt loy on the tibie. There was a Biblo of Emily's, mid n much worn copy of Mrs. Gaskell's'* Mar/Barton," presented by the nulhorens to: Mrs. I? cholla. < This room had rather a pleasant look; hut its furiiishinjr was simple tose»erl'y, and Ile only ornament was a litt e bunch of broomgrass on the tahlo. Martha then showed mer into tho kitchen fur a' momotit. Thia bad bean Tabby's kingdom.'1 Everything wa«.: erqniaitoly neat; and tho. .opper pan1» shone like bold, ' it was a snug, warm, O'óuóing'place; and it was not difllcult to see tba picture, on a dark winter eve, »hen the storms howled lover lbs moor and rattled oguinst the. windows,- of those Ibright fanpied children'orouching together around tber fire,"'telling- their strnugn 'stories, md living in a. world created by themselves." Here Emily Bronto studied German; with her boolr propped up before her, iwbtle xho kneaded dough, -Noir nil are none ; and the ¡old father,' shutting' UP many thiag« in. his ona impenetrable mini, was »till li'ing on alene; think- ing-more perhaps of meeting his children again ia a »liilesi and sorrowless world, than of all their fame ;iri'this." In the afternoon I heard Mr. Bronto prenoh from Job 'iii. 17: "There the wicked ODano irom troubling; nod ithere the weary be at rest." It Was th« ainiple ex- temporaneous talk of an n<r<'d pallor to his people, ispnkan without 'effort, in short, easy sen tenets,-and was drawn, it appeared to me, right out of that old gravoyard,' among whoné atones his fest had walHed, !nnd hi* Imagimitiu had lived so jong, lu parts it was ;pathetio,': especially wiiere1 li«-allin eJ to the loss of children. He branched iff iipjn the son ows, oournl siors, end trimbles then in the world, und he teemed 'lo IOIIR for wings lise a dove to fly »»ny from thia eh»ni;pful scone, and be at rest. Tho old church eldale, ¡a's'if 'echooing tho veneradlo preacher's remarks, had writ'on upon ic, " 'i ¡me how short-otcrnity how i lons I'!' >' -- " " ' '. On the whole my Raworth visit wi» a ferions ami I sobering OHO. : I thought of1 what Charlotte Bronto 'said, that "it alway« mado her unhappy to go away 'from Howorth, for it took homo long lo become happy jaftrr vbo got borne." Yet that stonn-hoiiso n oentury iol J, those/bleak moors, that very mcimnholy crowded igruve'-ysrd. may , have 'dono something to: ? make Charlotte Bronte what she was. They fenced lier in, and mado her inventive, lier fiery Irish imagination was i o icenlrated hero into u. vital cDrrgatie current, that did not waste itself in ondle-BH poeiio mnzy streams, but ou», for itself a deon: practical,- and creative channel. A» a pearl-oyster will, after o time, eoat a gravel stone introduced into it with it» own rion nnd pure enamel; si the few rou«h and i homely objects that ber uiind was familiar »itlrbec»me clad with tho lustrous nnJ glorious boin ty of ber own thought und imagination. Tho loss tho siw tho moro accurately she drew, and the more | rjfuuiidly sho analysed.' Her bodily eyes crow mieroseopio, brit her spiritual vis'on w, s enlarged, and taw into tho elements of things, an>l the hidden springo ot' notion. Henoe a ¿hy, secluded little worn un atsoi ¡lies nature ns if she had always been ncouBtomed lo livo in the midst of the raVt lovely ami ' opulent scenury, nnd moves our mind with something' of too mighty power of Shakespeare, when she li>y« bare tho abysses' nnd spiritual forces of moral character.- Even ¡li her m-ut vivid and ruulistio writing, thcro is this intonsa subjectiveness. The best criticism ever mado upon her novols it seems to me, w.is this-that lier characters did not con- verso li ko liumau beings, but that their conversation was'in tact their, thoughts ; it wan thinking aloud. I afterwards saw ftludamo Itegee'a aohool in Brna sels, where Charlotte and her sister rH»¡Jed for a time, liven that seemed to be a dull, shut-in spot, ns it were down in a pit.. In tel leo'nally speaking, atm wai a vine alway* ts bo kept pruned cl usu hy ' the husbandman, that alie might bring forth moro fruit. ' ."Wo take leave of Professor Hoppin with sincore gratitude for his unaffected, genial, and Uyely record of a singularly attractive tour itt whióh he has not only known how to select , the pointa of most agreeable in- terest,, but to present them in a free and cordial style to the imagination of the reader- Whoever intends to visit tho some soenes in . our . motherland,, will do well to put this volume.' in his portmanteau, and the' perusal-of it,.in anticipation, will greatly enha-noo.his^ orij.oyment ou tho spot. Eoiiio op OLD LOMOOH--The oldest, houses now* left in Loudon aroiootdde the old walls-that is, outsido Newgate and,, outside Temple Bar. Of these, .the most venerable isa uroup of fourialGrav's Inn Lane, iioar the turning to Lionorpoiid Streot. They -ra of wood, with curious fjaUle«, and have thvir date on them, 1596, a few years after ibo . Spanish Armada. They sloop ipr nurd ip.a tottering way, and leun against each other as if exhausted and half imbecile with ago. They' are grimed with the smoke mid dirt or centurion. They evidently want ta, get out of-. it, and to break up the partnership. " Kvoh tho grim aoniool faces on the corbels »re. fixed, in a...sort, of rueful pain. ID .'Wyncli street and'Holywell street thoro ate several of' the same date.. In Bell Yard, opposiilo tho Temple,, their ii n Cae'old Charle) I.'house, and thoro aro some weather-boarded tenements In a.passage' leading from it tliot'musit havo bad a narrow escape indaod from tb« rovong¡Dg jlninoH, when they were blazing just across) the street- 'In''Bishopsgate, nearly opposite \Y¡do- nato stree',, there, is a litis old .merchant's house, onco belonging to Sir Paul l'indiir,' who was ruined by bis devotion jio tho oauso.pi Charles. I, Thia house must have'been, in the full current bf the ureat fire. Mea standing in those curious^ projocting windows that fill its1 front' munt " have felt'tho very heat ut' ilia flamea, and bave_ seen euch other's fucos redden, in the scorching and threatening glare. But there iu.a group of snob houses in Holborn. that alw.ys esneoally. strikes roo as hoing much in tbs same oondltion ai when thoy were built, .con after the.sii'covo'ry of'the Gunpowder l'lot; and. that is Staple's Inn, that long row of six black gable ?ndetl Trents «lose to Middle-Kow, a narrow chasnel,. cloie to where the old bats and chains nsed to crims the road, , .Year after year 1 havo pisBed that archway of Staple's Ian, and still those old brotherly blaok gables, dry ns'obips, and almost inviting a fire, rho grim.and. desolate aboyo the busy,littlo shops that bavo nestled themselves at their feet« How often have I lookea upo ra- th 6 doleful .window«Í above, nud wondered ii human Beings or ghosts lonaiitcd, them. Peeping through, tho low prob,way, yon uatch', glimpses of the hall, with its, .Btoiie-saafted, 'windows, und beyond there, ii» a. gardsn, «bora black sparrows, peroh on black trees, that begin to lud abbat June, .when country hedges havo been three weeks ortuoro ia leaf. When tho fire was. at,the foot bf .Chunoery' Lane it carne dangerously near Ihoso rat haut, tod roofs, hud tho oourt yards whoro lawyers glioBla paco and aoniult in moonlit nights. Tho tory crash, of tho ^falling house;, aiul the roar of the flames, must have hosp heard iu those quiet courts» "and from those dismal' windows. Tho wind did not shift, ahii Staple's. Iiii'i was Bayed. There ie no biotic of bousis.moro truly and purely antique in all London, than thoseil- baye described.-Waller Thornbury ia Cassei's Rlhgiiolne. ,' ¡ A, waggish journalist,, who is afton merry over thia personal plainness, tell« this story of hlruu-lf: "X wont 10,0. drug-ptorej'c'arly tho other morning frit a dots of morphine for a sick friend, i The nil/ht derk objected to giving it to mo without,a prescription,-oviitently : (earing tliat I raoant lo destroy my sol f. 1 Pshaw I said I. ' do I look like a man who wooli) kill himself I' I usEing at ruo steadily lac half a minute, he replied,. 1 I don't knew.' Sectus to'mo if 1 'looked Like yon, 1 I should ka greatly, tempted to kill rujEolf.' " 