RIVERINE. INTELLIGENCE., THE LACHLAN BACK COONTRV.—The track between the Lachlan and the Darling, via Booligal, some two or three hundred miles in length, is at times devoid of' water, arid life is at great risk in following it, although of late many have ventured to cross., It has been a topic of conversation here for years as to the best mode of remedying this chronic thirstiness of this part of the interior. It is now proposed to sink wells at distances along the route of some ten or twelve miles apart; but liow to carry out this work to the best advantage is a matter of consideration to the torpid Government of Sydney. The way in which we are served by the Government, conservative or radical, is now pretty well known to all the intelligent inen of these.parts. Ittakes.years to net the Government to vote a sum of money, and after that as many years to apply the sums when voted. The lion. P. A. Jennings has succeeded in inducing the Government to make an effort to meet the evils to which the weary travellers are exposed. We-hear that grants of land on favorable,terms will be given to sucli persons as may be induced to settle down in the inhospitable parts of the country referred to. They will also be permitted to hold publican's licenses, an J their interests will be so far protected that they will not be opposed by any person holding a license for selling wine, beer, or spirits. Licensefs will not be granted to. shanties or opposition houses, and the parties accepting the conditions of the Government will have to erect. substantial inns and Iceep them well. They will also be expected to keep good fenced-in paddocks. The scheme when carried out will we trust be found to answer the desired end. The Government is bound to do something to meet the evils complained of. TUB FOOTPATHS.—We have heard' many complaints upon the subject of equestrians riding along the footpaths of this town, and especially that portion of them between the Bank of New Ronth Wales and the post office. It has !>een hinted that-such a course is almost always adopted by those who ought to know better. Tlie space in question will be little better than the roads themselves if the jH-actice.be not discontinued. When we have a Municipality a few tineB will doubtless have a beneficial effect. In the meantime our worthy police magistrate could instruct the police u|>on the matter. DEAWING-BOOM -ENTERTAINMENT.—Mr. 3. M. Foans will give an Ethinpean drawing-room entertainment at the Royal Hotel Assembly Room tiis evening, at half-past seven; If Mr.' Foans meets with fair encouragement he purposes- giving a performance wholly for the benefit of the Hospital. (See advertisement). SALES BT AUCTION.—ON Monday, at twelve o'clock, Mr. Monk will sell the whole pf Mr.; John Burrows' property, situated at North ' Deniliquin see advertisement); also, immediately after th4 above, horse-teams, waggons and harness. ' RAMS A»D Ewtcs.- : The .London and Australian Agency Oompany will sell, ou ' Wednesday, at Melbourne, pure bred American rams and ewes (see ad- 1 ' vertisement.) . UTILIZING PBISON LABOR.—'The coiffinees in G^nl- 7 buru <Gaol art - no w . employed - breaking etonei:i6r metalling that part of" the Southern roi^d that; runs through the town.— [Why not do the same at Deniliquin prison T— PRESBYTBRIAN;—Current" report in town, during' the week, had it that " the Rev. P. .Mercer is about : to IesLve because he cannot jget his' Stipend." It stirprised us a little, seeing that the last meeting of the committee of that cause in Deniliquin was anent the building of a Manse bn^church ground, which is aa unlikely preliminary to leaving., -31ie Treasurer knows nothing bfany:8uch intention on thepartof the reverend gentleman^ nor any of the committee, so tar as we nave .been, able. to learn. However, there is a sluggishness in the coining in of thesuh* scripopns, the Stipend for the l^if-year ending Jqne last'being i'70. short. .It is incumbent oh all who wish the-celebration- ofrpnbltc -.worship ^by^a'clergytnan, whose titne is Wholly devoted 'bo theHvork, to aupply a tit Imng for a gentieman-f"the Jabbrer worthy of'ms hire.". J "JOINT-STOCK Btj^^BLNO JUNI. BAKLNO Cox- PAST (LraiiTBD).-f-The «harehp|ders:.of this company met,,for thp election of pffloe-bearers, at Lamb^^t. Geoifee Hotel on Tuesday Wight' Mr. r Huhter called to the chairl s SRie fallowin<g : » the result of the ballot:—Directors -Messrs. Thomas Johnston, John Gibson, Joseph-Simpson^ Henry Hunter,%enr^ ^rpderick Martliall, Bobert'Simpson^-John Andrew. Trnstees—Messrs. D; G. J ones, -^rbotnas BoberUon, softer, Alexander Belt; The Hdn. Sec. was directed to-Mtiinate^that £t Twr share 'triis "now payable^ and thatlf nqll^ljSeliire the lst proximo the deposit of ^ 'pfef .sliare' wohld be forfeited. opon-ih%tiM>de «f propedure,, : Q, A^ J^Iy, Esq^ was ap^int^penn^ntsbUcitbr to. jtlMsfompanyi vwasja^tin^this^i-M. DBtrauapw ^ : ST . ' ji'I-'.-CV Vj TN WIATHKR.—Kew» of heavy Tain and thunderstorms come In from sH marten. Last Sunday afternoon, at Deniliquin, ram came down, accompanied bf tbtmder and lightning j Monday, also, was ^ 3 an4-rainy. Since then, th» sky has briglm^is^-andvow we have it fine and warm, night news came in from . -.Bt^Jreek'tbat the body of the missing colored rgm^^nKannah Symons, has been found in a water- ^ol^-^Xknt' a'quarter of a mile from the hnt where she resided. No particulars are to hand, so that We are still in the dark as to whether there has been foul [ lay or not. THB CONDEMNED MAN.—By referring toonr S^dney teregram it will "bis seen %haS Mr. Dr<}. Jones has hadan interview withth«iGfovBtnifr ctt "behalfJofy Nicholis, arid tbaE prohably his sentelibe wili-bfe com-' muted, although the .decision, has not yet been arrivedat r , v • TBAVBtuino STOCK.-^CorowaTolice Court.—Mr. Hanry P. Dunn, travelling with 20,000sheep from Queenaliud. 'was Summoned 'by^Hq'we,; Instrector of the Atbury district,' before R. 'Kerr, R. Brown, and R. Lowes, Esqrs., Js.P. The charge was that he had travelled from theAlbnry'district, that being a district adjoining the colony of "Victoria, which had been nbtitiedla6 being infected with scab, without having obtained a certificate from an ins]>ector before so doing, an contravention of the 40th clause of the " Disease ic Sheep Act of 1866.". Mr. Rohertsbn, from Deniliquin, appeared for defendant, and pleaded not guilty. The witnesses examined in support of the charge were—the Inspector prosecuting, 4»nd Mr. Farmer,' Patrolling Inspector. The latter gentleman proved that he had seen the sheep in the Albury district and afterwards in the Deniliquin'district, and had heard the defendant admit to Mr. Hay, a sheep director, that he had come from the one district to the other, witbont having ob- tained a certificate; that he believed he was liable, and wondered what the fine would he; Mr. Hay said it might be from .£6 to £50. ' Mr. Robertson addressed the Bench, arguing that the 40th clause only applied to sheep permanently depastured in the border districts, and not to travelling sheep merely (mssiiig.through them; he pointed out a fatal omission in the'case for the prosecution ^-that the Gazette containing the notification of Victoria being an infected colony was not put in. The Bench, after retiring for half- an-hour to consider, 1 dismissed the case on the three following grounds:—1st. That there was no evidence of the notification .in the Gazette of the colony of Victoria being an infected colony. 2nd. That no evidence had been adduced to show that the defendant had been called upon to produce his- certificate. 3rd.. That they were doubtful whether travelling sheep merely pass, ing through border districts coiild be - considered as sheep starting from such districts, and as requiring a.certificate. ;Costs were applied for, "but not allowed, the prosecAtion being on behalf of the Government. This would': seem to require consideration And revision. - In the case of a constable prosecuting for a breach of the laws there iB no incentive beyond a sense of dnty. But a sheep inspector has a great personal interest in securing the fining of persons prosecuted, *s he receives first his exjienses out of the fine, and then half of the remainder, so that had Mr. Dunn been fined £50, aud.tbe -inspector's expenses amounted to £10, he would have received this amount and then one-half of the remaining £40, making his share of the tine £30. It would therefore seem only fair as a check to oppressive - or frivolous prosecutions that the inspectors should have something to lose should their prosecutions not be sustained. As it is, sheepowners if prosecuted, whether rightly or wrongly, are hound to lose at least all their legal and personal expenses, while the inspector has everything to gain and little oi nothing to lose NEW JOURNAL.—By last mail we received No. 2 of a new journal of satire named The. Tomahawk, its aim seems to be to chop down the weaknesses, follies, and vices of the present age by sharp cut- ting sarcasm. The cartoon is an adaptation of the Ghost scene in Macbeth—the ghost of Maximilian of Mexico appears on a pillar, and Napoleon III in a frightened attitude, is saying, " Thou can'st not say I did it." INSOLVENCY.—A third meeting in the estate of Mr. J. J. Roberts will be held inSydiiay on the Uth proximo; also, on the same day, a third meeting in : the .estate of William IWrlohge. MYALI. TIMBER.—It is notified by the hon. Minister for Lands in tne Government Gazette that the cutting of all Myall or Boree-timberjin the Murrnmbidgee district is prohibited, and ail such timber is declared to be exempt from" the operation of timber licenses. • POST OFFICE AT MAUDE.-—The Post-office at Maude, near Hay, was re-established on the 1st instant by the Postmaster-Generat Adjacent residents are advised to. direct their correspondents to address their letters and papers accordingly. RESUMPTION OF CROWN LANDS.—By a short Act of Parliament^ assented to on the 2 Ith instant, the following dedicated lands have been Tesumed by the Crown:—Ten acre?.in West and Murray Streets, in the town of Wcntworth, dedicated for an hospital by notice-dated the 2nd July 1863. and published in a supplement to the Government Gazette of the 16th July of-thatyear. ECHUCA—(From the Riverine Herald, Sept. 18.) —On Saturday last the Murray vras 25 feet 5 inches above shmmerlevel, on Sunday 25 feet 2 inches, on Monday 25 feet 3 inches, and -on Tuesday. 25 feet 4 itiobes. The~Campaspe still continues very high.— . We are happy! to' be able to announce from our correspondent at Corop, that during the past week, owing to the recenfc'heavy rains, Lake Cooper has .risen two feet. This rise, takeu in conjunction with the advantages, we may naturally promise the inhabitants bf thit region from the survey which is now being prosecuted in order to divert the waters of the Waralta into the lake, will render the recurrence of very-severe drought in that district impossible for the ensuing, summer'season. Much credit is due to the wise forethought of the Government in thus com- mencing a most necessary work in this important district, and- we hope that nothing may iiiterfere to prevent its. being hilly carried out.—The height of the rivers above summer level, aSTeported 4>y telegram, on the 16th instant, was as follows :—The Murray at Albury, 13 feet; at Wahgunyah, 15 feet 6 inches ; at Swan Hill, 11 feet 11 inches ; at Wentworth, 16 feet 7 inches. The Murrambidgee at Balranald, 20 feet ; at Hay, 11 -feet, 6 inches.—At meeting of the Chnrch of England rCboir, held last evening, it was resolved that a Sacred Harmonic Society be formed at ESchuca, and that a meeting of those persons interested in its fonbation be held in Carpenter's Music Hall, to-morrow eveniug, at eight o'clock. AXBURT.-—We extract the following from the local |tapers:—A meeting was held on 10th inst. at Kilfoil's hotel, Mr. Thorold in the' chair, in connexion with racing matters. It was resolved that anew c}ub should be formed, tinder the name of the Albury Turf Clnb, with, a qualification of £3 3s annually. About twenty members gave in their names. A committee was- formed to frame rules, and. to report at'a general meeting of the new club to be held, on the 1st October at the Globe HoteL— The' Little River -bridge -was formally opened for traffic on 12th inst., by the President of the Yackandandah Shire.—The -Wesleyan tea-meeting held at Albury on': 10th- inst was "a great saccess; the Inge-hall of the Mechanics' Institute being crowded almost to .suffocation.: Mr.' Moffat occupied the chair, and speeches -were delivered • by the revs. Messrs. -Brown, of Yackandandah;- Dodgson, of ' Beechwbrtb; Seltara, of Wagga Wagga ; BaUantyne and Neale, ef Albuty, and^ither speakers. Mr. Alpin presided at the harmonium, and the choir gave some appropriate selections at "convenient initerv&ls.; —^Captain Barber. of the steamer ' Providenee reports4>eing stock tip by three bhshrangera near one of this sheep . stations on the Darting: He had come on shore from the stekmer, and was trans^ acting business, when he was stopped by three: fellows who were, splendidly mounted. One of them demanded whether lie was the captain of the steamer, and . -whether he had '-any money on board. On reoeiving «omewhat of an evasive reply, they Ordered the'captain ^backto the 'vessel; tbey following irim. >-:GhreaclnBg ite -bank 1 one • of'the party kept guard at the gangway, ; while tbe otheri foUowed tfae c^»tlun'dn'lMar£ iAfter looting aboiit and makine several 'enqniries, SC»iitein Barber asked them -whether thev wonld like to go bdow. They evidently did" not mUsh tie; invitation, fearing, perhajw, they < mucht ; u get themselves «ntxapped. They then-. wentoff very quietly.: .KJnfortunately, had it heen at all necessary f or U»e crew to have defended thiemselr^.l^ mily'-«Tn5OT bcfe.Rl w»8_an old xuBty fowlingpieoeJ -'From iuformatitm which Captain Barber received, it appekrs tfcat they were paying their «especte to Jsevemlbf ^the settlers on the Darling—At a meeting bf thfc > memberi of tte Chumhofs Rnglirt>l it ?5iras reeMved-te ereet a paiv sonage on gHMnd^ adjoining iSt!' Mattiew's (Au^''and«amn»ttoes:6f'Udie*^and^gent^ wx>rs fic«aied)to gi«»«ffect ' -• ^aivSiBwftib^fi^ ItatnlclE^ icatlA iijififcj^m^ioo^ ' - . . . ••.« •'••-•"•••':• Faas. Satacnoir.—Ilw Ibllovhic eoniitional purenkgH >ne made at the local Landijaee oo ThurSdny I alt;'—John Mitchell, 80 seres on .theltoSrrowaSpserve, Tliko Creek, County ofUrans, UoirtMKiidtM ihsl i o i ^ ^ ^ s ^ ^ ^ ^ p ^ 1 omu. W ^ . 0^^al»|t4IBce, s^p^tedfo giv^lheSWrwjt, bepf Mfpttaft as aUgrthejIatekni niibeTof thelirtitr, wlueh Qjfjr jmy obaerved ^hcir^naiiiRM,, "as such ^ ref^^il|*.iaeri?llj. /awlitate dpl]|f«y: i :Pa»tiM tbeioui'i'try mikinK written applications, in sadition to the" former particulars, are requested to state where they expect their:letters from, and nny other information tendinis to prevent an unnecessary transmisnon of letters. 9hip Letters.—S -fiBrnes Prands, Deniliquin (2) ; 14' Bolton E. P., Deniliquin; lOCUrke — Esq., Deniliquin; II ClatonE«d., Deniliquin; 12 Coates John, Deniliquin; 21 "Douglas John, Deniliquin ; 5 Fisher Jas., Deniliquin ; 1 G*lbr»ith' B, DenUiquin ; 12 Grey Andrew, Deniliquin; 6 U»lone,.Ellen»rJ)eniliqnin ; 29 M'Mthon Pat., Dsnili- Weber Wm., Deniliquin; 16 White B. G., Deniliquin; 31 Woodbnrn, J. T., Deniliquin; 6 Arnold John, tower . Murray; 9 Bellot W. E., Walla Walla, Billybonr; 1-5 Broadley F. B., Fort Bourke; 16 Brooks Win., Went* worth;' 27 Beard Maurice, Mnruya; 2 Campbell Mist Helton, Booligal ; 23 Curtain Mr. M., Bnoligal (3); 7 Deacon Miss: M., care of — Grace,^Esq. (3) ; 20 Douglas H., Booligal; 23 Doyle A. C., Booligal; 3 Gaul Gio, Bnoligal (2) ; 13 (Te.vlin John, Lachlan; 3 Keropton Wm., Wentworth; 6 Lespe Jaa., Mensngle; 10 Marsh E«d. C., Wentworth; H M'Cann J. W., Boolignl; 19 M'Gillvray.Jphn, Wentworth (4); 27 M'lnemy Thoi., Booligal; 32 HeifcleJohn A. J., Gelham; 38 Moore Jas. A., Menindie;'2 Pslmer Mrs., Bungo«ahnah ; 3 Partridge Wm., Hay; 5 Peterson T. H., Edward's Biver (2^; 7 Pinn B. C-, Narandera; 1 Sandford J., Parings, 4 Stuart Ben., Narrandera; 9Sears T..Booligal; 16 Sims J., Bonligal (2); 19 Smith W., Wentworth; 20 Smith E„ Wentworth; 21 Smith J, Wentworth; 22 Smith J. B., Deniliquin; 46 iSullivan Wm., Wentworth; 8 Tens Henry, Booligal (3); 10 Weland R S., booligal; 12 Welch John, Bourke; 21 VVilliams S. Cobran Station : 26 Wockenforth J, Booligal; 30 Wood Wm. Hay. Colonial Letters.—29 A«h Isaac, Wentworth ; 66 Blunt C., Lnohlan ; 68 Bntaird T. C., Bundara; 36 Chnills Margaret, Wentworth; 98 Cooper Wm., Darlihir Biver; 104Corby Tho»., Tarop, Moruya; 12-5 Croatvir Thos., Deniliquin; 29 Day George, Mondaroo Station; 64 Douglas J. J., Booligal (2) ; 27 Flew E , Wentworth; 25 Godfrey and Son, do.; 48 Greene B., Do.; 50 Green W, Lachlan Biver; 6 Halerton Mr., Wentworth; 28 Harrison G. T. Booligal; 64 Higman W. H., Wentworth; 3 Jackson T., Booligal; 113 Rouloghan Thos., Booligal (4); 5 Keating Mr., Bolwsrra; 12 Kelly John, Booligal and Hay ; 27 Lee'a John,-Bo<ilieal; 28 Leipmitn Charles, Booligal; 39 Limond Jas., Willandra, Booligaf; 3 Macau lay J»s., Tubi>o ; 4 Macdonald Mrs. Mary, Booligal; 103 M'Kibbou Thos., Booligal; 110 M'Leod Mrs. Mary. Wentworth; 162 Moran ; Michl., Wentworth (2) ; 166 Maroney Timothv, Bundarra; 8 Newkom Henry, Lachlsti; 32 Bipon Mr,, Waratah; 33 Biordau John Tubbo; 63 Boss Mrs., 'Wentworth; 70 Buffy Arthur, Deniliquin; 3 Samabury Chas., Booligal; 28 Sharp Bichard, Lachlan Biver; 32 Shean A.. Bulranald ; SSShean A., Booligal; 104Strike B., Booligal; U Taylor Mr.,- Booligal; 19 TfaomaS Mr. Booligal; 42 Sowers Mr., Bolwarra; 15 Williamson John, Booligal; 84 Weir Johnny, Narranderra; : 109 Wright H. B., Booligal; Baker D. W., Deniliquin ; 69 Bolton J. C., Deniliquin; 10 Cameron A., do.; 27 Dawson —, E*q., do.; 77 Drew George, -do,; 82 Duffy Nhos., do.; 46 Graham Thos., do.; 47 Graham D., do.; 93 Hopley G., Deniliquin ; 34 Joyce Miss C., do.; 52 Mayor of Deniliquin ; 78 M'Donald L, Deniliquin ; 79 M'Donald D., do.; 93 M'Intyre Jas., do.; 104 M'Kracken Bofct., do.; 112 M'Mahon P., do.; 158 Moore T., Batik Victoria, do.; 43 Powuall Mr., do.; 44 Power —, E<q., do.; 57 Bodd F. H., do.; 9 Sargoant William, do.; 49 Skinner J. F., do.; White Isabella, do. <?<mi&wrn; • Herald. ED. P. T.] 