THEATRE ROYAL. MR. MONTGOMERY AS MACBETH. A house exceedingly well filled with an audience whose close attention and impatience of interruption evidenced the strong interest they felt in the performance, marked the representation of "Macbeth's at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night. For it is an especial characteristic of Mr. Montgomery's acting that it evokes discriminating applause. That it is eminently acceptable to the public, the continuously thronged attendance sufficiently attests ; but the satisfaction it creates in the minds of those who witness it is of a kind as different from the ordinary satisfaction as his own mode of dealing with the characters is different from the more generally adopted methods, nis Macbeth forms no exception to the rule by which he has estimated the meaning of the other characters in which he has appeared, and, so far as general approval of its excellence is concerned, this may be expressed in terms not less com- mendatory than those hitherto employed in recording his appearances. But having noted the consistent adoption of the same general method, the exclusive indications of the character remain to be particularly in- stanced and on these grounds, we have to chronicle another marked success. For though no two characters in Shakspeare offer more thoroughly contrasting qualities than those of Hamlet and Macbeth, a circumstance which of necessity enlarges an actor's difficulties in completely individualising them, Mr. Montgomery, nevertheless, pre sents'Macbcth so fully furnished with all the proper details belonging to the part, that those who were present on Saturday night, and who had not seen his Hamlet, would, judging of his Macbeth according to ordinary canons, hardly suppose him likely to present a highly characteristic picture of this latter creation. It is impossible to arrive at any other conclusion than that all the characters sustained by Mr. Montgomery are first submitted to a process of analysis, by which, their essential qualities are determined, and the true method necessary for their expression decided upon. This process, it need hardly be remarked, would avail considerably less if the preliminary condition of special capacity and intelligence were wanting ; but it may at least supply a useful lesson to those actors who, having no special capacity and not much intelligence, escape the trouble of thinking for themselves by following, with a servitude ference, the steps of those who have preceded them. Mr. Montgomery's Macbeth presents you with a man essentially generous, humane, and truthful ; but with a lurking ambition that only requires the stimulus of circumstance to set. into active operation, when it at once becomes the bending motor-spring of his mind, and forthwith subordinates all his other impulses. But, conformably with the indications of the text, and in manifest obedience to his own convictions, Mr. Montgomery permits the remnants of good yet lingering in Macbeth's nature is fully to assert themselves. These at first are very properly shown to be engaged in a conflict with the baser passions of his soul, but-and here his version of the character differs so markedly from that of most other actors he does not, when this conflict is at an end, let it be understood that the bad part of his moral being is entirely triumphant, but makes it clear that the better portion, uke a vanquished but not altogether subdued warrior, still struggles, however feebly and ineffectually, for occupancy of the territory it once entirely possessed. Necessarily this is the impression Shakspeare intended should be produced in the mind of the spectator, but it is equally certain that this is not the impression very often conveyed Mr. Montgomery avails himself of seemingly trifling circumstances to aid in conveying this view of the character. For example, when Banquo presents him with the diamond that the king sends as a gift to Lady Macbeth, a feeling of remorse appears to come over him the kind old king's goodness displayed in a hundred different ways, rises like a reproachful phantom to his mental eye, and he kisses the taken with an appearance of affectionate regret at having permitted himself to conspire against so excellent a master. The feeling is not a transient one, for when he is left alone just after he takes it out of his bosom and mentally apos- trophies it, The action, besides being one full of suggestiveness, helps to bring into strong contrast the suddenly occurring opposite phase of thought, represented by the air drawn dagger soliloquy. Nothing could be finer than Mr. Montgomery's delivery of this speech, nor anything more appropriate than his action accompanying it. There are tragedians' whom " we have heard others praise, and that highly," who have apparently thought it necessary to walk about the stage during this scene, plucking at the air, something in the manner of Mr. Jacobs, the wizard, when he catches the flying half crowns. Mr. Montgomery's manner during this most impressive scene is that of a man reasoning with himself against the prompt- ings of his disturbed sense, and with an artistic knowledge of effect he makes the action entirely subservient to the production of this, impression. He causes you to feel that he most distinctly sees the dagger ; but he does it, not by incessant clutching at nothing, but by the depiction of an intense and highly-wrought reverie, that requires no act of physical do monstrntiveness to help out its meaning. But this power of conveying meaning by thorough- ness of passion and feeling showed itself in many other parts of the performance, his real horror at the sight of his hangman's hands was expressed, not by serpentine writhing and mouth-making, but by a vividly displayed facial accompaniment that no one could mistake. The same powerfulness of physiognomical expression was observable in the banquet-scene, when confronted by Banquo's ghost. He seemed to suffer every agony of horror, to become suddenly paralysed by fear, and yet so strangely fascinated by the apparition as mechanically to advance towards it, as if bereft of alkali tion. The same expressive manner was most effectively employed in the final scene, when the confidence of his exemption from disaster is destroyed by Macduff's announcement of the exceptional circumstances of his birth. In fine contrast to those stronger emotions was the exhibition of mute but overwhelming grief on hearing of the death of Lady Mac- beth. There was a world of meaning in the tone in which he pronounced the lines " She should have died hereafter, There would have been a time for such a word." But in truth the singular power Mr. Montgomery appears to possess in communicating appropriate meaning to the language is constantly apparent. His elocution is of the kind that does not content itself with more rhythmical cadences, having no reference to the significance of the sentiment, but he seems to fling his own sympathies into the words, and so to develope all the images they are capable of evoking, Take, for instance, the passage that so eminently suggests a twilight scene : " Ere the bat hath flown His cloistered flight ; ore to black Hoeato's summons The shard-borno bootle, with his drowsy hums, Hath rung night's yawning pool." This he gave with such a truth of characteristic emphasis, that nothing but a complete absence of the faculty of imagination might prevent the mental realisation of the picture it describes. So too of the beautiful apostrophe to sleep, which exercised a like influence upon the imagination. In short, Mr. Montgomery's Macbeth, Uko his Hamlet, is a performance to be seen again, and carefully, studied, as an example of what may be done in the development of the character by exercise of a high intelligence, aided by an honest determination to be free of all useless traditional restrictions. Mrs. Vincent played Lady Macbeth with excellent judgment and a very appropriate expression. Her acting of the character was a marked improvement upon her previous perf romances of it. There was more earnestness, more purpose in her manner, less cleverness, and more reality. Her passion seemed to come as the natural effect of the influences surrounding her she did not sacrifice truth for showiness. The character is one for the efficient presentation of which she has many requisites, and which will, there is no doubt, repay a still more careful study of its attributes. Exception, however, may be taken to the costume she employs, which cannot but be considered'anacronistic as to some of its details. Mr. Vincent's Macduff was a hero at all points. He looked just such a strong, weather-browned thane as might I be worthy to cope with the usurper. In the scene where he receives the news of his wife and children's slaughter, his pathos was admirable and touching, but he marred the effect of this episode by a motor- J dramatic rush off the stage. Perhaps this striking finish to the scene helped to evoke the call before the curtain he most deservedly obtained; but Mr. Vincent is too good an actor and too sensible a man to desire applause for what is the least meritorious part of his acting. The musical portions of the piece were most creditably given. Mr. Stewart's Hecate was picturesque and even poetical, and he sang the music with more real expression than is at any time conveyed by the professional singers that are sometimes engaged to perform this part. Miss Docy Stewart was the principal singing with she was in excellent voice, and sustained her part in the weird rites with more than ordinarily commendable excellence. The orchestral accompaniment, considering the necessary limitation of the band as to numbers, was of very fair quality and sufficiency. The thunder and lightning were execrable, but they were not more so than they generally are, and we may take this opportunity of inquiring whether the resources of stage mechanism are so insufficient that they cannot supply some nearer approach to the likeness of a thunder-storm than what seem to be puffs of gunpowder, and the vigorous rattling of a couple of yards of sheet iron. To-night Mr. Montgomery will appear for the first time in Melbourne as Hotspur in "Henry the Fourth." 