\- rg E @ipp 5a1n t imir , e", azIcaIoLs," nys TUESDAY, 'JULY 30, 1867. nd Thn' M'Calloch Ministry, before an up. 3o proaching'dissolution overtakes them, be. g ppiouslnay resolved to fulfil the Scripture, are using every means .in their power to " make to thdmselret friends of the e. children of mammon." Eridently this s, must' be their object,in attempting so lavishly and unscrupulously to distribute Is the funds of. the-"edlony among their numerous friends and supporters. They 6t would have bestowed on Mr. Hargreaves the handsome sum o.f£2800, had not that Sgentleman, in hias'precipitancy, made a, Sfool of himself and spoiled their kind in.. tentions t Mr. Fitzgerald- would have received a pension of £1000 per annum if he could have sheown in what way he merited' so substantial a" cqnsideration i and now Sir Charles "Darling, the exz Governor, in the name of Lady Darling, I rises up like a ghost- among the myriad of I applicants for assistance,-and solicits the trifling amount of. £20,000 for the loss which he sustained in'. being so suddenly recalled and deprived, of office by the home authorities. A yeat has elapsed since his recall from Victoria was carried into effect, and now, compelled by the increasipg presstrd of the circumstances attending the painful positioni in which that recall. has placed him, it is Lady Darliung's decision to&'iccept the grant which the Assenmbly of this colony have proposed to make to her.. Finally, he relinquishes th oklooiial sirrico and " all the emoluments or 'epectations attached to it." So, codecludes Sir Charles'letter to I the Duke of Buckingham, Secretary for the Colonies. Our e-Governor, while he occupied the honnrablepbsition of repre. sentatiro to Her Majest-; proved himself weak- minded, vacillating; sand unfit to discharge the ditics of tihe ottce entrusted 1 to him; and now he has iadded to his other human frailties that of despicable a meanness. The home authbbrities, after r carefally considering the circumstances - connected with the unpleasant rupture between the Assembly and the Council, having come to the conclusion that Sir N Charles was wrong in tho'idourse ie pur- in sued, removed him frum'ebo head of the m Government, and when a'Votdfor £20,000 m as compensation for his loss of office was he placed on the estimates'?by the 3Victorian Assembly, they, ronsidering that such an offer was an insult to theft godd sense, in. se formed him that if' hed'ceptd this ro. pli ward he must resign al!' opeeittion of ha future service under the British Govern. dii ment. They saw at once that' this vote a was neither more nor less than a premium for wrong.doing, and'would ifforda pre th cednt .for futuregor bernor-Whllt should ,1 not .be enabttagdd. Howevr, after n waitin: twelv ftidr.th end 'vbserving 'no are sig of another appointment looming in the distance, he-has given up all hope \- and claims the £20,000. The Victorian Ministry are determined that the sum A. shall be granted, and with the intentioa that it should be hurried through the House before the English mail left, A r. Verdon brought up a supple. at mentary estimate for £332,281, equal to the one-eighth of the entire annual revenue of the colony, inelud g iog this item to Lady Darling, and 5 requested the House to pass it without der, any explanation. £200,000 of this sum ige s totally new, and it is not to be expected r, I that the Opposition would calmly submit age, to its being passed without knowing if se; there were funds in hand to meet the ex s eunditure, or if additional taxation would be required. Yet Mr. Higinbotham, S who simply keeps Mr. Verdon in the fore. ground to bear the brunt of the attack, in a. his usual self-sufficient and important style ; 2 says, "we'll make you pass it." The S. Attorney.General bas so far succeeded in W. keeping the majority at his back, but and whenhe attempts to take money out of the colony for a useless purpose, at a oeriod when it can least be spared, and adds insult to injury in the struggle to carry his own way, he may draw upon himself a thunderstorm which will . containmore negative electricity than lis on*' nervous system will be able to withstand. rng But apart from the impropriety of voting idthisasum in a financial pointofvlcw,w5 may surely ask what clsim has Sir Charles Darinag for this gratuitous benevolence a 6 at the hands sf the colony P He came lots here as a servant of the Crown to main in tain the dignity of his sovereign, to keep hel, himself strictly neutral in party strife, ality and to carry out the instructions of the rlay Imperial Government. When he arrived, rare he found the colony solvent and the ° 3s wheels of the Government working 'we smoothly; he left it in a state of con also fusion bordering on anarchy-he forgot pCe theimportance of his position-listened to avs a headstrong majority--and acted in on accordance with the wishes of popular, al but unwise counsellors. He even condo allys cended to use personal recrimination. sak and in taking the part which he did in ight the dispute between the two Houses of 5 Legislature, created feuds and antipathies i's' which otherwise would never have found dent existence. If he had been paid at that time to leave the colony and intrust the s to management of the Government to better ,ers, hands, there would have been at least a and colour of. feasibility about the propriety of the expenditure, but to award him a munificent donation for ruining, as far hs as he could do so, the affairs of the Si colony, and affording a sample of dis-. risn loyalty in his own proceedings, is the Ssvery acme of absurdity. Again, sup. 3d., posnig the Ministry, in spite of all oppo syer, sition, carry the vote in the Assembly, ride could the Upper Chambcreonscientionsly 6d. pass an Appropriation Bill containing pur. such an item without compromising their t ownacts? After doing allin their power to resisttheunconstitutional measures of the th Governor, and submitting to all sorts of ; in abuse and personal invective from him, a ot. could they consent to the vote passing wid, without stultifying their own actions and ities repeated declarations P If the results of nithb his numerous slanders on the members of day the Council in his despatches to Down ing-street resulted in his own downfall, can that body be supposed to remunerate him for endeavourng to excite hatred the against them, and making the colony the 0 laughing-stock and scorn of the kingdoms of Europ0 P It will be far beotter for Mr. r Verdon to erase this item from the addi. tional estimates, for assuredlyit will not another useless conflict must ensue. The sum asked would be much more judi clousely expended in improving our roads and bridges, orin prospecting the colony, net and affording emplo ment to our labour. res' er and artisans. IHe admits that addi. gat tional taxation will be immediately re. quired to meet an increasing expenditure, and why propose a foolish, stupid, and 1k. unnecessary outlayP The voice of the electors is against such unwarrantable extravagance and tampering with the public funds, and should the proposed grant be carried, the victory will do more to render the present Ministry unpopular than any other act of despotism they have hitherto been guilty of. Latest Adelaide telegrams mention that there is no inclination shown to purchase ap. wheat or flour, unless the prices recede. be. Cornsacks have been plaoed at 12. to 12s3d. re, Commercial operations are stagnant. In er Sydney the markets have considerably li. his proved. Mesrse. Stubbs and Co. sold at io saction 3,000 cases of Downer's kerosene at ito 2s. Od. per gallon, duty paid. Teas are tir active the market hba been cleared of half cy chests. Sales of low and medium congous C are reported at £6 l5sl to 48 Ss. Oilmen's at stores are lower. Sugars are more active. n. At auction, 500 cases Barclay's stout were e alerod at O6as. ld, if A meeting of the Gippiland Hospital Comn se mitten was held at the Criterion Hotel, yes Sterday evening, when Mr Patten, vrice.preasl. ' dent; Messrs. Sibbald, H. Butler, Parran, and Gellstly were present. It was resolved o that the Secretary ordes the necessary cook. If Ing apparatus from Mosers. Whitney, Powell y and Company, Melbourne; and also that the day of opening be changed to Tuesday," 20th d August, instead of the 13th, as previously Sannounoed, M. Moaher was appointed wards. y man. li. " The.Charles Edward steamer arrived at the Avon Landing early on Saturday morn. hi h ing, and left at ulnn o'clock on Monday e morning en routse for Bairnadale snd Mel. bourne. to [The electioen of membner for the new Roead Board at Bairnedal9 took ,lace yesterday. and as the cironumstance was quite an event in that town, eonsiderable excitement pro. vailed. The returns are not yet to hand. The pa vacant seats for the Avon Shire Council are Yo likely to be warmly contested, the following ro nominatious having been lodged with the Sou returning oeBeera yesterday:-For the East bic Riding--Mearsss. Lloyd and Dickinsa; for the West Riding, Mossrs. Donald Manson and ae J. C. J. Johnson ; and for the South Riding, anil Measrs W. Craig and W. Smith. Very little Art interest, however, appears to be taken it Cb matters municipal in Sale, ind unless some J. I more of the ratopayera take a pride in the Ora honour of heing counoillors, there will bo W, scarcely auffiuient candidates to till the four I. i seats now vacant. Mr. Macarthur, in com- a pllaun with ) numerously signed requisition, C has signified bis intnttion of becoming a can. a didat-e; and Mn. C?stes nothing daunted, by Peer a rmer defeat by a sl?l. q o rity, had I, y We unerstand alhSObLat an ait will be made to induae Mr. R.Ulank * lin to come forward oasce more; bit theem 1, are all the bulidaotss yet spoken of. Wlli in A sale of Crown lands, in te rsple, will ope take place at Sale on Friday, the th prox. rin The new channelling in Baymond-street does not appear to be proof against heavy the pressure. For the first time since tie com eft, pletion of the work, a loaded dray we ple backed yesterday at the front of the Com l mercial House, when the pitchers, as soon as 'ld the wheels came in contact with them, re. nd versed their position, and half a dozen of out them are now lying out of the ground. rm At the Sale Police Court, yesterday, Frank ted IL Bronskes was committed for trial on an gi information for horse stealing. ex- The hounds met last Saturday at Warruk uld Wurruk, but on account of the rain, which am, came down very steadily until about two ren o'clock, only a select few made their appear le ance at the appointed tine ; but they were he of the right sort, and were not afraid of got d in ting wet, and had decidedly the beet run of but the season to themselves. There was Mr. of Bowes on Alick, Mr. Power on the Bard, t iMr. Cnninghame on Emblematic, Mr. E. d o Hedley on the Flying Dutchman, Mr. A. on McMllan on Deerfoot. Mr. McDowal on Mor. will mon, and Master Sandy Cuninghame on his Midge.' The bounds were thrown off on the nd. plain in front of Mr. Pearsou's old station, tng where they start*d three emu, wbhio made a towards the Rosedale road. After they had nce gone a mile or two some kangaroo crossed the me scent, and the hounds took after them,which ain- rather pleased the hunters than otherwise, eep as emu have a decided objection to fencing, ife, and the horsemen who were following have t a great fancy for it. The kangaroo led them the acros the Rosedale road, round (overa good ing many fences) by Fulhasm, and up into Vel. on- lore, a good stiff post and rail coming in the ot way every mile or two. Owing to the great S amount of rain which was falling, and to its in being so cold, the scent was hero loat, and Id- after casting about for half an hour, it was ion. given up as a bad job, and they came home in at a smart pace round by Fulham, across Iof Moera. Duncan and Atkinion's paddock., ies over about eighteen fences, and out on to the and Rosedale road. The hounds worked veur tht well all day, and it was a pleasure to see ter them casting and working round whenever a .ta check occurred. They went fully thirty-five ety miles over thirty fences, and all went home him thoroughly well pleased with themselves, far their horses, and the hounds, wishing they tho might have a run like it every Saturday,only is' minus the rain. It is wonderful to see the up little pony Midge jumping fences considers po- bly higher than herself. There was one big l fence with a ditch on eack side, and those Swho were firt over could just see Master in.g Cuninghame's head above the top rail as 1 eir was coming up to it, when, to the atonisb the ment of all, he clearel it by fully a foot. The of enthusiasm connected with excitement of the in, chase appearn,however, to have the effect on ing those of our huntsmen who do aot come uun nd der the deaiguation of " irst lights" to for a f get the usual etiquette of replacing the tails, Sof after passing through the fences. Thisduty, Men l we believe, devolves on the last man through, at and as complaints have already been made of red this oversight, we trust the hint will be suf the ticient. ms The frequency of accidents with vehicles d. forms a peculiar characteristi of Sale; not scarcely a day passes without the accom Z- uaviag, bugy a'cident, an q.it,,a. rn nha hort e gallopd madly into town, with ho a portion of hareaos and the shafts of a i- baggy attsched to him, and his progress wa Sl not arrested until he had run into Flooding r. Creek and become bogged. On the succeed. di. ing afternoon, a buggy, in which were riding re. two gentlemen, was upset whilst crossing re, that portion of the Stratford-road rocently th ormed by Mers. Inder and Co., and the ilo ocupPnts were sans Wdremonic pitched into he the water table, which, by the way, coa. ed tained a stream of water something like a ore foot deep; fortunately, however, without lar sustaining any serious injury. At a later To period of the afternoon, as Mr, Robinson was driving downYork-street, the ing bolt of his conveyance gave way and the horse tking hat fright, itarted off, capeiaing the vehicle and s disengaging himself from it. fr. Ro'intle de. oaped, comparatively speaking, usinjured. n The premse of Mr. Mullready, near the Shospital, narrowly escaped being destroyed Sby fire on Saturday night last. It appears thahaMrs. Mlltready was preparing to walk am down the town, and left a candle burning on i the toilet table during a temporary absence ul from the bedroom, when her daughter, a 's little girl about fiv years of age, whilst on . deavoring to reach some article, upset the Scandle agaiust the window curtains, which being of a light fabrio, became ignited, and were in Aimes in an incredibly short space o f time' The screams of the child anoO Sattrratedtheattentionof rs. Mullready, who , rushed in and proiaptly tore down the burn. Sing drapery, and with the aid of a few Sbuckets of water, extinguished the fire I before any harm was done, other than the Sdestruction of the curtains and charring of Sthe window sahes. During the sitting of the Sale Police Court yesterday, a number of csse in which the tlitgante reided at Ma?mr were called on, when it transpired that the summo . es had not been returned, neither had any reports of inability to serve been sent in. The adjudicating magistrate, Mr. Butler, took occ?sion to give expression to an opinion that the police Ia that portion of the distriot 0 were enoeedlngly Iax in thedischarge of their h dutils. * *Ia A man named Joseph Mills whilst engaged ~f painting the saddle boards of a house in York- street, yesterday morning, fell fro? the d, roof and sufferal a fracture of the dclavicle. - Surgical assistance was promptly secured for he Shim, and the bone wasa set. Accounts for the undermentioned parties are now ready for payment at the Receipt and Pay Office Sale, -W. J. Alloster, A. Arbuckle, G. Drennan, P. Cansick, J. J. Cahill, S. Carver, t. Dowling, F. Duvld (3), , J. H. Eccles, D. Egan (2), F. Poeley, A. IL Grant, G.D. IIedloy, R. lloie, J. Jendl;l, o, W. Jennings, B. Johnson, T. Johnstono (2), .. I. B. Kelall, F. Keon (3), W. Letto, R. Mlayoe, I. 0. Morrison, D. M'Dougall, I. her M'Dougall, M'Eechern and M'Ewais, M, sty ?Maetinoab, J. O'Roarke, P. Parslow, J. . att Peers, J. H. W. Pettitt, 3. Piachin (2), & 8 Reeves, J.3 Reid. J. Rioe, J. Bbehitaon Bos. los dale achauiea' Institute, J. Rowley, H. W. , Salter, 7.. Shaw., 8 . Bonadsrt, D.tewact fi), 8. 8wan, T. Walker, t. Wedg, J. Williams.was will The We aey compl , - IL gar's Creek. bids fair to become treet paying claim in the colony. r.e avy crushing of 683 tons yielded 3375 em. gold, and a dividend (the fob) was declared of £7 per share. The pt om. retorted gold from this claim now the Bank of Australasia, Wall,, LiD roe present a highly gratifing and n of sight. yio an A mining tease for the following ank has been forwarded to the Warde.n for execution by the lesseaes Erin Amalgamated Quartz Siniga ing Company (registered), Ltrobe di ruk of the Gippaland district. hich The following mining leases have two dared void :--Gippaland diorict, Pds-C division.-P. O'Neill, 2a Ir 34p, '4 were garr River. Latrobe Division.-Tho got- don Reef Amalgamated Quartz Aiini C an of pany (registered), 10a Ir Sop, Cmw, Mr. Gully, Donnelly's Crock, lad, Title-deeds for the undermentionesd r. E. ons now await payment of fees at th e A. ceipt and Pay Offie, Sale, prior to Mor i : - Alexander Clark (3), on James Colqahoun (2), Inverleigh; . Sthe Connor (2), Inverleigh i Geoghega a ton, Cummins, Maffra; Henry Gray, MUai,. nade John Johnson, Tinamba i Gilberth ta had Inverleigh (4). dthe The Government Gaze?te of Friday untlb ehiih the acceptance of the tender of Alae"aed Wn, Allardyce, Graeadale, sle, forforage t,,6 Government service at Sale, at the follow( rates :--Hay, £3 108 per ton traw, per ton. Also that of Wm. Craig, Ctaigils god Stratford, for the supply of hay for the n of the police at Stradbroke, at£6 partoin the and that of Donald Manson, t Malt* l, great supplying oats, fo., et the following ot., it Oats, 5s per bushel ; bran, Is per uthose n LMat wask, Alfred Francis and ,nI ome Miller were charged, in the Beechwoe ross Police Court, with attempted highway roi oks, bery under arms upon John L'Gregpr, oD othe 17th inst., near the Golden Ball, Evertv Detectiwe O'Leary proved the acrest r i reply to the prisoner Miller, Detectlve 0r a O'Leary deposed that he knew him perfectl -five well, and had done so for seven years. He ome had just been mulcted in pesoaltyforsteoia es, a pair of blanket at Sale. Witnes did ne the know him as a barrister or newspaper re y porter, but knew him very well as a loafer the On the applioation of the paolse the case was dara remanded for eight days, in order to procure big the attendance of the prosecutor, the pri. hose sonora being allowed bail, themselves is ter £200, in addition to two sureties esn of £100. In the Supreme Court, on Thursday, a The certificate of discharge was confirmed in th the case of Henry Baller, insolvent, Walhalla et on The following local insolvency is gezetted? n-. -Thomas. Elborae, of osoedale, North for. Gippeland, splitter and fencer. Causes of ails, insolvenoy-Want of constant employment uty, and insufficiency of oqasional employment ,igh, to support his family. Liabilities, £64; dsof assets, £L 1e. ; deficiency, £62 0I tMr. nutf. Jacomb, official assignee. In response to an invitation, isened it is hiles believed by that extra cagantjpolitician, Mr. tle; Alfred Elliot, a.number of working men and om. others asaembled at St. George's hall on F, Friday evening, in the terms eo the with placard "'to oonaider the extraordinary of a conduct of the Opposition in delaying tie we public business, with a view to defeat the )dlng Lady Darling vote ;" but for reasons het ced. known to the conveners, no meeting wa: ding held. The Herald says, whether it was ing that, in the absence of the indefatigable ntly Brodie, the necessary material could not he Ithe got together to create a confusion, and put into down all reason by clamorous and nnmean. con. ing noise-or whethr the strong expression Sa of dissent at the vote amongst those present out outside, caused the postponement "for few ater nights," it is hard to say; but we strongly was incline to the latter reason as being the most his pobable. "If ther'e l any money to span, wing why not spend it on works in the colony T" and " Let us keep the money in the country P' rot "Why should we all pay Pd; a head to red nothing "'-and such like remarkswear very. common In the crowd; and offers were ?e. the made to commence a subscription for Sir yed Charles Darling. Here is sn eaumpleforthe rare Ministry to follow. Had the meeting been alk held, the expressions of disapprorval at the on vote would have been strongly manifested ne and the objects of the promoters miserabl a defeated. an the Some curious legal points were discr ? ch in the Warden's Court, at Sandhret, am ed Thursday. The Bendigo Adveriser says - " "The use of tbeword 'ehepherding' has now Sbecome established in law foa eonwith ho mining claims, In consequence of g?o .m n. having been used In the bye-laws, imeh to w the regret of the warden of this distrit, who e could not forbear, yesterday, pointing to the he incongruity between a man sitting on a log of smoking his pipe amidst the bestle of a- net rush, and those sylvan scenes we were t customeo in early youth to associate with ( shepherd and a pipe of a very different. 'iptlon." Oathe same day "the warden wi called upon to decide whether a 'misor,. coulf be considered as a 'miner,' with rdý' Sfeenc to theclause I te hbye-laws relating to shep ordimg which provides that a pe-'.. son holding a abare or interest in a claim ?ar Sonly be reprevetod "by a miner other thme himself." It was conteanded that lad about sixteen yes of age, athouh heolding a miner's right, could not be e yd se a Sfair representative of a miner '~d , th: mconing of the clause, but the '?tarde.a decided that the"' minor" was a faltepr* sentative of the "miner," eonaidering that if he dooidod otherwise, it would be sbhuttitg out men under twenty.one years' of age frdet an equal participation In the ehanem ' a gold-teld. "When those reliable ehronolser, thb re porters of the presm," says the Age, ."ar excluded from the galleries, rumour 'li always busy with her stories, and oneb o e . " versions of what took plano on Thrdal'" morning is as follows :r-The clock was potia uing to the small hours, when the hao. mem. ber for Dungaroe took his tu?rn. I a'1iquid l stream of oloquence bhe denoenesi t'b attempt of the Government to pass is gf, 2": vote for 4300,00. *'It was Illegal, cad an ourag's as gVrenment -aed i the bsmmb towards tba Ob 'a 's bsseh-.nth., was calculated to evecrtoo the IndaiL ' principles of representative legislation.' Another glance at the Government benches convinced him behad converted the Attorney eneral. lie then triumphantly appealed to t Chairnman of the Committee,'to. decide bretber the attempt of the Government 'was pot.eontrary to the revered usages of Paklin :ent, h:ndod down from the dawn of repro. ?stative government-from the dayb of Stephen Langton.' Thercon he sat down for the chairman'e. rulinsg, of which he 'had nd doubt, for as he rose in his periods the Chair Sma bowed his howert acquiescence'; but that worthy functionary apparently declined to express anrropinion. The hon. member for Bungaree, glancing defiani'e at the Govern acotntbechs, insisted on a decision : and he was somewhat disconcerted when he observed the two clerks of the House take the Chair nau by the l rms, and, by a rocking process, endeavour to bring him to a recollection of ith duties he owed the colony-though uuder 'ircomstauces of great dificulty;" , The lolwI journalsare justly indignant at .the fate of the young girl, whose molancholy e.ath near: Amherst V.o 'briefly reported a fore days ago. The Mirjorca Ihdependegt • ,is: a .more.. .detailed account of the (ragedy?:-" tinaguy Of fearful- import rarqpetd .he .ihabiithlutse of Adelaide Ioad into a state of great excitemneiit, on Sunday ig, 4t : It:appeari 'from' the particulars h' q ave gathordd, 'that a girl, named ';i,. lip plet '( if?ten "years of agoe, had ee dua luoede~ y a' nbgro 'living in the neigh. trhood, sad by wl[om sheh proved eisreiote. ?uOn 0itday mnoring:shplie' prematurely gave iithto a liring ,ebilt (beihring the dolor.of Spta:istitve , fathdUl) the "ovent heing a?osvsro to q6py??ef tile neighbors, or adult pnbropf the..faissily as the father of the gitl who it as. ,cidower) was absent from homq.pome oungeg.crb?,thers r.nd sifters of lie girl alonet being in .the house. -It i esaid "thia ,hile suffering..rom the pains of labor shes ickod the.children in one of the rooms, dnit innicinately theochild was born put a piece of cgrd rounAl its neeck aiuditrangled it. Ihe B 'i took th, body outside the lhouse. snd ,:hrew..it "down..an; abagd1nod "shaft, -.liter4rigl retracing, her.-tops,. and lying downs upop ler ..lt. : Excesivo .heniorrhage, deydeeil ty-exortion .awl fright, followedt the .nsaturat act ofa toi:unfortanute girl; and withinu a short space of timo. hror crieo was' .ipiated bh.hor death,: for. on hr- father's retgi, tQ, his sorrowful. abodeO, . theyeting mother was.a corpse,: No onet had visitell e' uo..uring )tis absence, and ttho. en wore still underlock and key wlhen The. hird:.aupplementa?y estimates for 1860, awl sdditional estimates for 1807, are now..before the Assemrll. Amongst the former the only.two items of noteo are L1O14 f6sf.or more cmsta and other expenses in the ,Attorney.0enerd's department,. and L6610 for extoensions, al, impovemoents at tho goods "hedatthe Meolboulpo terminus of the Vie. •orian .Railway. The. latter comprise the fs!lowiug itemns;-Orant to Lady'''Dar linglin accordance with-the rdsolutio ' of the Legeilative Assembly, adopted n6if . 9thb Jan. ay'y .18tG, L'),000; to defray expinnes 'of 5ter'ti mpnot on yihp oeoasiou!of tbo adltiel padt? visit of .H. It, II. the Duko. of Edin burgih, inicluding the necessary repairs to ?dordk, LO) ;esward and, costs Board of Itfn'd n'Worlks v..Young, L;3,000 3s "il ; iner costs and peposars arisong out of :ctiodns suits, and other legal' proceediugs,. f..59 isa' for the widow and family of Ph0, fait mtnmer for hlnldn,.L750? fo a Quegn'e Plate, L001 for the improvocnout of (the 2rdiedryjreserve, L300,0; Lastlt Aenylnirn st. Alicehworth," 1i0,100; do,. ;Ararat, -IAh.Ob&;. :fook, holls thittip, &o.;, Gehbh'l Post Offle, .Molhoir:le, £'2500 n ' nisiat to se paid' toFheoy (ouhh Wles under claso 1 oflBorder CustomsTioaty, £6800s ; do, do; celaaus ', £6,0001i; railwwsayconstrso ion,d £15,416 ; de, utsey €G5.i?o;, ,?iaohilities dor nccoiut.oe tdo 1to1) pajd out of loan to be.raisod fori rail way wUirh.?) 3,hi00 ,;.bridges withiin sh res and hrourohe £805u3 ?asiu roadsl witdhih do, a97(J ,; r.pntingpugics in theo'Mining (bepart-, ?eht, £El ai 1is i..i. Tho total amnotnt of thb dhiohi?b . et.mates for 1867 is £332,281 