UNEXPECTED RETURN OF A HUSBAND AFTER ELEVEN YEARS' ABSENCE. Mr Tennyson has portrayed in language graphic and beautiful, the vicissitudes and noble struggle^ of Enoch Arden, on behalf of his wife, and the <leep sorrow felt by that hero on his retyrn hoioe after an absence'of years, "IV - '' 111 III ■ ■ oil discovering that she had taken to herself another husband. A somewhat similar cir-* cumstance has transpired in this neighbourhood, but the subjects of our story are not of the same high and lofty character as those depicted by the poet. It appears that about eleven years ago the hus.band of a Mrs Watts, living at Dragon Yilla, Gilesgate Moor, near thi,s city, sailed for America in search of that wealth which he had failed to meet with in this country, and after gaining it he promised to return, so that they might live upon the fruits of his labours. However, from some unexplained cause or other, he forgot on his arrival among our go-ahead cousins across the Atlantic, to communicate with his wife whom he had left behind, and the coffers of wealth, which she had expected to hear of, it was feared, had sunk with her hiisband in the ocean. Year after year passed away, and no tidings of Watts could be heard, and his wife and her two children had to struggle on as best they could. At the end of seven or eight years all hopes of his being in the flesh were, given up, and a person of the name of Wallace turned up and wooed, and won the neglected dame. They lived happily together for four j^ears, and the partner of her first love was entirely forgotten. Recently, however, Watts returned to his native place, but unlike Enoch Arden, after ascertaining, the change that had befallen his wife, did not cry for help to prevent him u breaking in upon her peace." He went boldly'to her house, and made himself known; but his appearance, it vYould seem, did not impress her very favorably, and the reception he met with was not of the kind which might have been expected. Hi» wife, now Mts Wallace, as was natural, felt greatly startled at his appearance, but the interview which took place between them did not awaken any of the old feelings which first caused them to be made one, and she preferred keeping on with the new love and discarding the old. She had, however, some slight compassion for her delinquent lord, and told him that she would give him a meal of meat, a night's lodginjg, and set him off with a shilling in his pocket, which, said she, u is more than thou has done for me for the last eleven years/1 Not having gained too much of this world's goods in his, wanderings, he accepted her generous offer and took shelter under her roof for the night. Cogitating upon his present position, as he doubtless would, when laid to sleep—but whether he got any or not we have not lieard—he appears to have resolved not to part with his wife without an effort, for, on. rising next morning, he strongly asserted his claim, which terminated by his summary ejection from the domicile, ending with a polite kick behind, from which, like the Irishman, he gathered the hint that his company was not wanted!. We are informed, however, that Watts is unwilling to accept this unceremonious proceeding as a settlement of his claim; and as both husbands are said to have consulted the lawyers upon the matter, j we may. yet hear of the adjustment of the I dispute ia a more legal form. —Durham Adver- \ User, The following suggestive paragraph is taken from the Home News:—" k 111 Follow Thee J' is the designation of a cartoon in a late number of the Tomahawk. It represets the Prince of Wales, as Hamlet, struggling with John Bull, who, as Horatio, is holding him back from pursuing the ghost of George IV., to whom the Prince is saying, ' I'll follow thee ' The inference is obvious, and the publication of such a picture is surely a sign of the times; for the Tomahawk (says the Flaneur in the Star) is by no means " a low Radical paper.'' It is another sign of the times,,which will probably have been noticed by those whose inclination or whose duty prompts their attendance at public dinners, that while the toast of the Prince of Wales, once so provocative of enthusiasm, is now received with comparative coldness, the mention of the name of the Princess calls forth unmistakable demonstrations of sympathy and personal attachment. Quimvra verra.'" Australian Leeches.—A very remunerative business has lately grown to.pretty extensive proportions in Melbourne in the exportation of leeches. The trade is principally carried on in connection with the operations of the Murray River Fishing Company, the fisherman there employed turning their attention at seasons unfavourable to the fishery to the collection of leeches. From 150,000 to 250,000 leeches are sometimes collected in one of the trips of the company's steamers. They are then packed and conveyed to Melbourne, where a large proportion of them are put up for transmission abroad, great numbers being sent to London and Paris, where it is stated they are preferred to leeches brought from any other place. The principal outlet for the export is America, where the demand is always great from the absence or rarity of, the proper kind of leech throughout the whole of that great continent. The exportation is likely to be a remunerative business for some years ; it is anticipated that from two to three millions of leeches will pass through their hands this season. Dr Clark, the traveller, asked in Sweden what became of a woman who fell into the shaft of an iron mine that he visited. " Be'6ame of her?" said a man to whom he put the question, striking his hand forcibly upon his thigk, " she bec^aje a pancake." The Melbourne correspondent of & BaUarat contemporary has been informed that- the absconder Miller, of the Imperial Insurance Company, who decamped a few months ago, has got safe off in rather a curious'manner. Mr Otto Berliner was requested to take steps .to follow Mr Miller, but the .insurance company thought the charges too high, and took the matter into its own hands, and dispatched a messenger of the Guarantee Society, who, on his arrival in England, put himself in communication with the detectives, The Channel pilots were instructed to give him every possible assistance, and the. ship in which Mr Miller was, was boarded by one of these pilots, who asked if Mr Miller was on board, and on being answered in the negative said, " Well, it s a good job for him, as the detectives are keeping a sharp look out for him," and then left. Miller, who was on board under the name of Wilkinson, heard the ,conversation, profited by the timely hint, and getting a boat, got on board an outward-bound ship and got clear away. A miner, named Thomas Tomkins, excited much admiration..8pme time ago, by presenting £10 to the Bendigo Benevolent Asylum, which qualified him to be appointed a lifegovernor of that institution. In a few weeks afterwards, however, be excited a very different feeling, by demanding, in right of his position as life-governor, that his wife and family should be admitted and', remain a permanent charge upon the asylum. Subsequently, poor Tom kins came to grief in a fashion that could never have been anticipated from such a beginning. He was brought up at the Sandhurst general sessions, on Wednesday, and sentenced to three months1 imprisonment for -obtaining goods under false pretences. After having been a-sober, hardworking man for many years, during which he had saved £140, he squandered the whole of it in drink. The poor fellow in court said that he thought he must havg been maid when he was thus dissipating Bis savings/ No doubt he was. His good impulse first induced him to give the donation as he did in charity^ and the rest preceeded from the brutalism of drink. Most of our readers will remember the case of the " boy bushranger " Parsons, who was sentenced several, months ago to a term of imprisonment, with whipping at stated intervals. One of these castigations was to have taken place on Monday, but, in consequence of an opinion delivered by Dr MCrae that .the . boy was,, and had for some time been insane, the _ punishment was riot Inflicted, We understand that for the same reason his Excellency the Governor has remitted the sentence of whipping altogether. According to the BaUarat Courier, " the project for subdividing the Roman Catholic .diocese into three bishoprics, as already done in New South Wales, it is thought, will be carried into effect on the return of the Right Rev. Bishop from Europe, which, however, will not take place for many months. The plan of the proposed division would be that Melbourne should represent the central See, BaUarat the western; and Gipps Land would probably ;be the seat of ecclesiastical government for the eastern parts of the colony," This 41 Curiosity of Marriage," is mentioned by a Ballarat journal:—<l A young man, con*victed^ of some offence in Ballafat, was sent to Pentridge, and by the time his sentence had [expired, he had become, from some causes j unknown to us, stone blind. Afflicted thus, , I the man might reasonably be regarded as a somewhat ineligible candidate for matrimony, but he does not appear to have been thus looked upon by one wonian who, herself, is said to have been also a prisoner of the Crown.. The couple made up their minds to marry, and the conjugal knot was tied by Mr Pic ton, the gentleman who officiates as a preasher among the disciples of Christ; We are j informed that the adventurous woman engages to support her husband,-blithe labor of her own hands* A certain author, speaking .of the quickness and brilliant genius of the English, says*that, | in writing letters, the. men, on any one subject, [ will fill a folio sheet of four pages ; but, to the praises of the women be it spoken, they will write the same sized letter oi four pages on , no subject at all! . v A young lady., fond of dancings traverses in the course of a season about four hundrid miles; yet no lady would think of walking that distance in six months. The employment of. women in French i printing offices^ after having encountered great1 opposition, has at length been satis| factorily carried out. They earn, nearly as much as the men.—Printers' Register. Two millions, by general estimate, Is the cost of a general election. There are those who say we shall live to see five millions th* ' figure, v The Hudson River has become so full o£ u goldfish" that fishermen take them by the waggon load. They originally came from a private fishpond near Washington's headquarters, at JSTewburg, which communicated with the river by an outlet, through which the fish made their way to the main stream. A labourer was caught the other day. near Warminster with 265 pheasants' eggs in his possession. They wouli have found a ready market at 6d. each, making altogether £9 18s. 6d.—a pretty good night s work. —Liverpool I Albion, June 3. 