E vEB-rf recurring period of rain, no matter of how brief a duration, presents tho observer in Melbourne streets with" tho strongest evidence, not onlv nf nn no„i— but of; an olfactory 'hind, demonstrating what a crying abuse it is to leavo the thoroughfares, lanes, alleys/and back places of tho city in the undrained con- d .10, thy ar in at present. A day's rain turns our principal streets into torrents of fetid water and sewage, nnd tho level spots in the secondary thorough-' tares, back yards, and vacant places, into a series of stagnant and sometimes over flowing pools of tho most noxious cha racter. _ The city is little more than thirty years in existence, and yet it rivals tho oldest towns of Europo in unmitigated filth. Who will venture to explore at tho present moment, aftor tho last two dayB' rain, the back yards and lanes of Little Bourko streot, of Lonsdalo street, and of Latrobo street, and after tho examination, declare that the Bcods of cholera and typhas nro not seething there, and waiting only for tho first chanco that at any moment may import thence tho fructifying elements of those deadly diseases, causing them to tako root and spread devastation over the whole oity. Nothing in modern scion co has been more clearly established than that stagnant tilth forms the beaten path of malignant disease, along which it is tracked in its progress through various countries, as surely as a conflagration follows a train of gunpowder. The sanitary inquiries insti tuted by various European Governments have proved to demonstration that when the seeds of cholera aro introduced in n ship arriving from an infected port, they die out and perish for want ef material to growupon, when tho placothus threatened with thoplaguo has been rendered invul- norablo by effectivo measures of cleanliness and thorough drainage ; whoroas, where these precautionary measures have been neglected, tho pestilence always breaks forth and rages with violence in proportion to tho degree of nncleanlincsB which tho attacked locality exhibits. In all crowded pities . there will over bo places whieb, from various causes, will present natural nests for pest-ilenco. The low level of oucli places, their being in habited by tho very poor or the criminal classeB, and other causes, will so predis pose these localities to bo centres of stagnant filth, that they must over bo re garded as dangerous in n sanitary point of view. Hcnco tbo practice has arisen, in towns in England which have tho good fortune to possess an intelligent and zealous local government in the shape of their corporate or municipal body, to cause a sanitary map of tho place to be drawn up and exposed for general inspection in tho town-hnll. This sanitary map exhibits tho clean, tho well- drained, and the well- ventilated localities, and those also which are deficient in or badly supplied with those requisites for . insuring a healthy population ; and tho value of property varies according as it is situated in a healthy or doubtful, or positively un healthy neighbourhood. It is in vain, in such well-regulated towns, that fine- looking houses in showy and spacions streets are erected with a view to securing good rents, if tho sanitary map shows that at tho back of, or in tbo immediate vicinity of these streets, tho landlords haTo allowed low-lying spots, undrained alleys, damp and fetid back yards, to become tainted with tho un cleared deposit of stagnant waters, of cess pools, and of other abominations. The word " dangerous," written conspicuously in black letters across those places on the map, deteriorates tho value of all tho pro perty in tho neighbourhood, aud makes it be shunned by all who are .able to pay a good rent. This wise and simple expe dient has worked wonders in awakening the owners of property to tbe necessity of themselves making, or of cheerfully co operating with the local authorities in making, those sanitary improvements which at once render the locality healthful and add to the value of the house property there situated. It is an appeal to their self-interest, which is thoroughly effective. It makes them sanitary reformers, when no other stimulus would have produced any result whatever, lienco it is that tho towns in the United Kingdom, where tho public exhibition of tbo sanitary map bas becomo an institu tion, are remarkable for the high standard the public health which they present. 9?11 n0&'DB ho done in this respect in Melbourne ? There aro few cities in tho world which stand more in need of it. But bcforo anything of tho kind is done, tho local authorities- tho City Council- must begin by sotting tho example of pleanlinesB. -Tboy cannot begin by hold- tng up to public condemnation the owners of property in the filthy regions of the city, when tho most public thoroughfares under their own eyes, and most con spicuously under their direct jurisdiction, aro little better than largo undrained sowers. Tho civic authorities of Mel bourne appear to shrink from tho task of devising and undertaking an effectivo system of drainage for : the oity, as though it wore abovo their ca- pacity, and as if they were afraid ot the magnitude of tho enterprise.- J. hoy are ready enough to fritter away tho splendid mcomo and resources of tho Corporation in a proposed grand town- hall, or in-such wretchedly nnd disgrace' fully abortive works as tho Western Market. But they appear to dread grappling with such an undertaking as the drainage of the city. This is wretched and contemptible. If a proper system of sewerage is not established before Ion", tbo citizens will awnke some day to find tho scourge of pestilence mercilessly deci mating their ranks, and teaching them that dreadful lesson that cholera has taught so many of tho towns and cities of Europe. Is it not a strange infatuation, that men will not consult their own safety by preventive measures whilst they can, in- s toad of waiting for and inviting the dreadful calamity, which thoy will in vain try to shun when it comes upon them? Before we can look, for the advantage of a sanitary map for Melbourno, then, wo must first get the City Council "to throw" oil its miserable apathy, and apply itself with vigour to produco such a system of underground drainage as will at least rescue tho main central portions of the. town from tlio fright&il; condition of foul- ness, which so disgracefully characterises these localities at the present time. The idea of erecting a magnificent town-hall should be scouted until the city is pro perly drained. If the resources of tho Corporation wero equal to both under takings at tho samo time, wo should have no objection, but tho reverse, to the two works being at once takon in hand ; for it is a noble ambition for the people of a large city to bo possessed of magnificent public buildings. But if thero must bo a choice between the two, then there should be no hesitation in deciding by preference upon the work, which will rescue tho community from all danger or apprehen sion of death-doaling pestilenco. Mr. Verdon stated in tho Legislative Assembly yesterday, that it was intended to go into com mittee 'of supply on Tuesday, if the Enimates could be printed by that time. This, delay in proceeding with the Estimates has given tiso to a rumour, that a difficulty exists lu certain qunrters as to the propriety of again including the' L20,000 vote in the Appropriation Bill, after the plain nnd untnlslnkeable expression of opinion on the pnit of tho Council. Mr. Higlnbotbara, In replying to a question put by Mr. Levoy, iii tbo Lcgislntlvo Assembly yesterday, stated that the Crown had abandoned the case against Emily Smith, committed for la- fnntlcide, as tho Crown Prosecutor had reported that the evidence taken before the coroner was insufficient to establish a caso before a jury. Mr. B. G. Davles very generously wanted to give the civil servants a fortnight's holiday on tho occasion of Prince Alfred's vlail , but (bo ' Chlof Secretary did not seem to see it ia quite the same light, as in replying to an Impromptu question by tho boil, gentleman In tbe Assembly yesterday, Mr. M'Culloch said that holidays weald be given, bnt certainly not a fortnight. Tbe qnostlon of tho treatment of Chinese lepera in tbe colony was brought under tbo notico of the Government in tbe Legislative Assembly yesterday, by Mr. Embllng. Mr. Vale stated that the matter had long been under tbe consideration of the Government, and n separato asylum for tho treatment of the unfor tunate creatures suffering from leprosy would bo provided at Balloarnt, so soon as a suitable site could be procured. It Is expected that tbe parliamentary banquet to His Royal Highness tbo Duke of Edinburgh will bo held in the Legislative Assembly-cham ber, as that is tbe only apartment within the building capable of accommodating a sufficient number. AH the benches will have to bo re moved, so as to securo tho necessary amount of space. Until after tho Spring Meeting ol the Vic toria Racing Club the Albion Snbscriptlon-rcom will bo opened to members on Thursdays as well as Mondays, Last night there was a tolerable muBter of the sporting community ; but tho principal business transacted was limited to doublo event beta en tbe .Melbourne Cup aud Port l'hllllp Stakes, nnd the Cup and Derby ; SOO to 40 was token about Rose of Australia for tbe Cup right out. The Bollnnrnt Reception Committee have adapted a plan for tbe ball-room which will be used on the occasion ol tbe Duke of Edinburgh's visit. The building will cost L350, exclusive of decorations, which will involve an additional sum of L150. Yesterday two memorials, from ihe miners and other residents of Iloraebush and Avoen, were presented by Mr. B. G. Davles, M.P., to tbe hon. tho Minister of Lands, detailing the neces sity for an extension of tho gotdficids common, so as to provide for the requirements of some of tbo outlying diggings In that locality, a want much needed by the miners permanently settled there. Mr. Grant exprefeed his readiness to comply with the request ofthe memorialists, and statad that the surveyor in charge ol the district would be instructed to piece himself in commu nication with Mr. A. H. Keynon, ot Homebush, as the representative of the miuers, with a view of extending the common In accordance with the terms ol the memorials. Two members of the Yondolt and Fr.vjklyn Road Board wero introduced to tho Minister of Roads and Bridges yeaterday by Mr. Wheeler, M.L. A., asking that a grant of the L50,000 for bridges— which had lapsed on account of the amount being too small for tho work which it was intended to pay for — might ba placed on an additional estimate, so that thoy might still get It this year. Air. Sullivan could only promise that nB a voto would be brought down early next year for bridges, they should be amongst tho first taken Into consideration in its distribution. An action on petition was commenced against the Government yesterday, by Noonnu Brothers, to recover L2G77 fls. Gd., duo on a contract for metolllngand maintaining the Sydney road, In the Wangarntta district. Tho pawnbrokers Jameson, father and son, in business in Russell street and Lonsdalo street, appeared before tho city magistrates yesterday morning, charged os receivers ef stolen propeity. It will bo remembered that a robbery was com mitted on Saturday morning last at the premises of Messrs. Banks Brothers, Bell and Co., Lnfrobe street, and a few hours afterwards six dozen of Crimean shirts were discovered by Detective Black at tho nuotlon-room of Mr. G. K. John ston, Bourkc street, whero they bad -been taken by the younger Jameson for Bale, A few shirts, also belonging to Messrs. Banks, Bell nnd Co., were discovered in the houses of tho prisoners. A clerk of Johnston's swore that hts employer sent him to Jameson's after the detectives bed been at the auctlou-mart, to tell hint (Jameson the elder) to keep away, which statement elicited from Mr. Read, who appeared for the prosecu tion, a remark that another person ought. to be with the prisoners in'the dock. ' After the inves tigation of tho caso, which lasted over three hours, had been completed, Mr. Sturt said there was very little evidence ogainst the elder prisoner ; hut the younger one was committed for trial. The prisoner was subsequently released on bail. A deputation of gentlemen, represent ing . some inhabitants living on tho borders of M'lvor . shiro and the shire council, waited on Mr. Sullivan yesterday, on the subject ' 'of 'separation ' Irom the shiro nnd junction, with tho Pyalong rotdJ district. It I was shewn that great uncertainty prevaihd as to the wish ol the inhabitants being in favour of c separation or otherwise, and it was arranged that an officer of tho department should shortly visit the district, to find out tho numbeta voting each way. Tho deputation then withdrew. The following resolutions, adopted; at the public meeting held at Chewion on the 7-iU inst.j were transmitted by Mr. Rapson (the chairman) to Air. Win. Campbell, who presented them lo hia Excellouey tho Governor I. That the meeting Is of opinion. that. the Leglsisllve'Cduncll acted strietly within .the 'limits ol the Consliiu- tlon Act, and has ogr sympathies carried by a majority of about 500 to 20. " z: That's copy of tho resolution be sent to his Excellency the Governor;" carried'by ncclametion. Geo. Tims Kingslsnd, son of Mr. Ktngtlacd, chemist, appeared-at the- City Court yesterday morning charged with perjury.' Mr. Lawes, who prosecuted, said that the case arose out' oi certain evtdeneo gtvon by the' defendant In reference to his father's istato.when It was beforo the Insolvent Court. The defendant swore he had given a' Mr. Dunkley L300, for which be received im I.O.U. ; end It could be proved he never gave' the money, and that he never got tho I.O.U. , Three witnesses L: were. .examined, -.In cluding the Chief Commissioner of ; Insolvent Estates; and nt the request of. the counsel on both sides, tho cose was adjourned till this Burn ing at II o'clock, At tha meeting of the' Borough Council of Castlcmaine - on Wednesday; .JUr.. Bannister moved a", vote of thanks to Mr. C.- E. Jono!, M,P,,i for the steps he had takon in ihe Interest of . tho borough in connection with the visit of the Duke of Edinburgh. An amendment; nvga tlvlng i tbo proposition, waV carried ;' lifri 'iiew- combe, who moved it, being of opinion that such a motion was' out of place there, anil should be proposed at a public mectiog. < ' ' . In replying to the toast ef his health, given at the Wangaratta banquet, Sir. .P.: iianua, SI.P., stated that his desire was to fulfill, tho trust reposed in him iu a spirit of honesty and jiiaiico to hla constituency. He admitted " that -he was but tin apprentice ia polities, end would malra it his study to - mcsler the. business im splte of the . sneers of his 'poliiicol opponents. He strongly advocatodjha conElruolion of n rallwoy through the district. He regretted the diific'ulty existing between the Assembly anil the Council, and slated his intention of doing ali bo could to-brlcg nbrut a reconciliation. ; Hts remarks wore re ceived / with loud and oft-repintcd cheers of approval. . , A man named John Knight, itho had been employed fqr some, time on Kerr'.- Elation, -wr.s. . drowned in the back water while trim- llii) a from1 Yea to Ghln Ghln on Tuesday. . , : From the - neighbourhood of Meredith and Mcoraboel we have highly. encournglng acoounts of the crops. ' . .. y ; , . , _ Considerable excitement hns'bech causeiLin Kilmoro and its neighbourhood by a report in circulation, that tho whole of the' rntepbyinc electors of Mornniling bed been disirnr.chisod., Iii our last-, mention was made ofthe appear-" anc of!to .Ballaarat' pugilists in. ' the -polii-e court. The arrest of these' wcrthior- wan. not accomplished, it appears; v ithout much difficulty. When they reached the fist on tho Bollaarat shlo of the Miners' Rest, they were arrestEd.hy two troopers end put into a cab whieb was passing's t tho lime. The jeliu was an avldentsyrapalhiser with the members of Iho P.R., ond trlcd to shout for them on . the. .road; but. being pre vented by the police a scuttle entUEd. : which ended In the cabby biing brought before tiro Bench and fined 20s. From this spot all went: apparently well until the cab aid its guardians- arrived at the.junctlon -of Sturt anii Lydiard streets, when tbreo other cabs dravo up and commenced a sort of a four-handed reel, with the intention of confusing the police as to which was tho cab containing tho prisoners. The troopers, however, knew tlio driver, and took the right cob to the lock-up; but alas! there found that tbo cab was empty — tho birds had flown. Instant pursuit was given ; but the fugitives hed got eight miles into the bush before they were ra-coptured. From all parts of tlio colony wo have accounts of tho heavy rain which fell on Tuesday aud Wednesday, The Yarra was running bank high yesterday, end wc hear that the low-lying Iand3 contiguous to the river near Melbourne were flooded. The hridgo over tbe Muddy Creek bas, we learn, been swept away. Our Qeclong corre spondent, writing yesterday, says: — " Goclong has been visited with tho greatest inundation It hie experienced since 1831, when tho bridge at the Barwon was carried uway. Nearly the entire range of country from Belmont to tho Barwon Heads Is covered with water, and of the smiling homesteads of yesterday nothing now can be seen but the roofs and the chimneys, everything beneath their level being submerged in nn angry and overwhelming flood. The dnmogo done ia tho neighbourhood of tho break water Is very great ; there the impetuous waters have swept everything beforo them. On the south bonk the tan- pits of Mr. John Brearloy were filled with tho devastating element, r.nd a vast amount of property rendered useless. Douglass and Wright's extensive wool-wasL-ing establishment felt tho full force of the ' rush ing waters,' and biles and crates of wcol, machinery, etc., were borne away ty the mighty torrent. Messrs. J. B. Corrfgan, Bsyldon anil Graham, J. Lowe, and In fact neorly every manu facturer on the south side of the rlvtr, have suffered, to what extent will only he ascertained when tbe fl-jod shall have subsided ; but L10,000 maybe set down as alow estimate of tho loss occa sioned by thlB calamity. The Chinese gardeners nt Mnrnock Vale hod a very narrow escape of Iheir lives, the water having risen 6ft. In a very short time ; ns It was, they had to wade 200 yards with the water nearly up to their necks. Captain Fyaus had to roako a prcclpltnto retreat to tho house of safety lie had erected on high ground In anticipation of the unwelcome visitor. Tho late Dr. Thcmson's villa nt Knrdlnla was flooded up to the lodge entrance. Mr. W. Howell, the auctioneer, who resides at the bottom of Yorrn street, found his house completely surrounded by the yco8ty waters, and had to remove Ids family in boats to n plaeo of security. The tell-houso at the breakwater floated away to Lake. Conno- warrc, to the great delight nf tbe spectators, who have long wanted tho nuisance removed, hut in vain. Levlen's garden has been greotlv Injured, and tho fences washed nway, while tho Queen's Gardens were transformed into a vast lake. Hnd the water risen about 2ft. more, the Cloth Company's works would havo been under water lo a considerable extent, nnd great fears wore expressed yesterday with regard to thorn ; but when tho danger appeared tho greateat, tho flood gradually declined, having attained its maximum height about 3 p.m. It Is hoped we have seen tho worst of this great delugo ; but in conversation with his sablo majesty king Jerry yesterday, that potentate gavo It as his opinion that there was 1 one trig one flood coming down along up there' '(pointing in the direction of Ballaarat), and that ve had rot sron half the danger over' yet. Whether this Mack prophet will turn outanother Murphy remains to beseon. The full force of tho galo was felt at Quecne- cliff ; and at ono time It was feared that Adman's, late AdamBon's hotel, would ba blown bodily into Bass' Straits; as It wo?, tiro verandah was shivered into a thousand pieces and sout flying over tho neighbouring haus.-s, luckily without causing serious damage." The Richmond Borough Council is otlll divided against itself, Lait evening, at the usual hour, the Mayor (Mr. Stewart) nnd Councillors Gledhlll, Burnley, and Fitzgerald took their places at the. council table, and re mained there . until 8 o'clock, when, there being ho quorum, as Councillor Egan and the other members did not even put In an nppearance, the meeting, of course, lapsed. The proceedings were mcanwhllo enlivened by the eccentricities oian apparently half insane, individual, who en deavoured to rnlso a disturbance by addressing the Mayor nnd spectators, and calling for a " quorum." His conduct, which several other persons seemed Inclined to favour, at last became so boisterous that he hod to be removed by force and given into custody, he all tho wfaflo crying out that he was n froo voter, and should be allowed -'.'.to .speak his mind.". With this exception all parsed off In an orderly manner. A meeting, conrened by tho Mayor, in accord ance with n numerously signed requisition, wn9 held on Wednesday evening, at the orderly- room, Gipps street, to consider the best way of settling the borough crisis ; when It wn9 moved -by-Mr. II. Johnson, nod seconded by Dr. Wil son, " That the person who holds tho resignation of Councillor Griffiths be requested to hand It In to tho Mayor ; and tbat.due notice of that fact being given, - all members of the conncll be re quested to ntteml In their pltjces and proceed wltbjtho business of the borough." An amend ment was proposed by Mr. Horcourt, nnd seconded by Mr. Smart, to the effect that the meeting was of opinion that the councillors who had obstructed tho business, of tho council for eome 'time past, by retiring from ito meetings, shouiri no longer pursue that course, but permit the busioefs to proceed. The amendment was put and carried. _ ) " ; . . -< Mr. G.. Duffy, M.L, A., on the port of n large number of the inhabitants living on the border of ihe 'district of Eylandi, presented n memorial to Mr. Sullivan yesterday, in opposition, to one lately 'presented', 'praying for a junction with tho dlatrtct-of Glenburnle. As . those who pre sented the petition for separation from Byiands hsd not token an interest in the matter, and had not come forward as they had promised to do, the Minister" said ' that he would allow the boundaries to remain as they were. Some of our country contemporaries appear to have strange notions of art. One gentleman, speaking of the various portraits of the Prince— "Welcome, Alfred," "Edinburgh Arms," and other productions with which Melbourne is shortly to be made hideous, writes : — " They in general present classicality of conception and boldness of execution which, I believe, will com- pare favourably with other similar works of art. Some of these designs are for the provinces, and others will be additions to the metropolitan picture gallery, which will be thrown open to the public on the arrival of the Prince." In the name of the Prophet—Figs !! But the climax is to be found in a criticism by the Warrnam- bool Examiner upon a new dress-coat. Our contemporary writes as follows:—"Warrnam- bool Art—Some few days ago we had the plea sure of inspecting a most elaborate piece of work done in Warrnambool, being a grand dress-coat made for the commanding officer of the Warr- nambool detachment of the Western Artillery. The coat was made by Mr. Isaac Brebner, our Warrnambool military tailor, and we have no hesitation in saying is as fine a specimen of tailoring art ever done out of Melbourne. The elaborateness of the silver lace, the careful and correct style, in which it is done, and the work altogether, is highly creditable to Mr. Brebner, and proves what abilities our trades- men are possessed of." . A deputation from the truster booh Cemetery waited 'on the hon. the Coramls- siontr oi Public Works yesterday, to answer a complaint made against them of having allowed Ihe grounds to ha neglected; but as the corn- plnlrit fa question hnd been made in writing1, Mr, "V ale ruled that the answer should be given in a similar manned. - Tho depulatioh accordingly withdrew. Somo, enterprising and loyal persons in Rich mond propose getting up a night regatta on the Ysrrn, on tho occasion of the Prlncs's visit. From 100 to 200 boats can bo mustered on tho river, and the plan proposed Is to collect as many together, a3 possible, and lllumlnnto them with finiercs; tho little fleet to start from Prince's Bridgo ond proceed to the Survey Paddock, opposite jToorak, whora the Duke could witness the.scena from the grounds of his temporary home. In -addition to tho regatta, it is couteui- plated to have 1 Survey Paddock. J ' firework, |„ d Tho erection of the now , ' | he commenced. In view of ti 0 «W||? 1 watch-house in Swanston street a?1 of 1 entrance to the hail being cnN„r 1 street. Tho first stone of in I to be laid by the Duko of E,!!,// bulllllngl, 1 that tho work wlH be actively »f«t 1 By the Otago we have later inleBi 1 most tf tbo New Zealond ports !8'"" V 9 Mayor of Dunedln, has been Bpn'0i„! V ""'1., | in the Executive. He I, to rc'sid! V n " 9 and act as Government Agent fn, ' on«Iia, 8 Major Richardson Is to proceed t Soia1'- 1 In a similar capacity. Tho House' "of?'"1 I ssntatlves has reduced tho n.u 'fifrt. 8 Governor of New Zealand from 7/ 111 I L3500, the amount of Governor Urn/. '» I The Speaker of tlio Legislative Cm. ,a,llrr. 8 Mr. Hartley, has rotfrcd « a year. There Is nothing now In „ , I The Government were privately soundln,'' I hers of tho Assombly with the view „r 8 meit- 1 two years' supply. A notice of | clarlng such a course inexpedient T "' d( 8 tabled by Mr. Reeves. A firo took pkl" b!ta I 19th at a windmill in Ncl-on nn.l lt worth of property was deatroved n,!n' 1350 I a consignment of trout ova arrived it n 181,1 1 from Tasmania, for the local Acclim.n""""' I Society. Of the number shipped n.-.n 1 ahcalhy state, and were '"I ferrcd to tho breeding ponds near the W„ """ I Leith. The appointment of Dr .T.l " I Bishopric of Dunedin bud caused ere.t d7 1 fnctlon among the members of tha 1!?' 1 Church In the city ; ond mcetlogs or tw 8 M gatlons had taken place, at which rtslT' I were pafscd, advising tho now bishop Im !' I come out to the dioccBe. The thitn-i ' bishop la that he belongs to tiro Rituelisi|/!!h!l A memorial to the Archbishop „f Cant, t I ogainst tho assumption of office by l)r j 11 1 has been numerously signed. ' enwr I A special meeting of the Collin r sired v„. I Men's Christian Association took phcc 5 1 day ovenlng last, at half-past 7, in the /",'B room nt tho back of the Baptist Chapel ih?,, | tlcular object being the consideration of J B forenlorglng the tssoclalion. The momta, a/? with n view to removing any prejudice thS.' might exist on tbe ground ol sectarianism in pi rnlnds of any who might he desirous of 7 log themselves with the eocletv, tlrst tl,» n should bo changed to that of the Collins, Literary and Sciontlflc Association The B syllabus for tbe. current quarter was aade.,'1 and contains several eul- jcclsof an intere«rh H aocinl character. On Tue.dny next a , I on " The Rights of Women" will bercnd, In the County Court yesterday, |n thc/dl Salwsy v. Reed nnd Barnes, tho plaint!? raonedthe defendants for L49 for wroecfuljkB missal. From tho facts which were given ! evidence, ' it appeared that the plalntifT had fo- H morly been articled to tho defendant, a, ta'fl architect and draughtsman, and that nfier fimtfl were concluded he remained for three or four | years in their employment as draughts,,, wtj, I engaged in the latter capacity he wrs allowed to I competo for public designs, nnd was succ obtaining the prize for a design for the ir.,11,. town Grammar School, tho erection of wVI-b ba also superintended, but during hours v»hn I, was not employed by Messrs. Reed and Bum This became known to his employers, win I aicertalned that plaintiff had used a "hood" ia I the design which ono »f tho partners claimed u I his original design, and considered plaintiff Iff pira'ed. Plaintiff wna then at once aumnmil; I dismissed, notwithstanding that ncrordlng to lb, P defendants ho was a young man of groat premiss, K Ills Honour In giving judgment in the case ,'jli tj the principal grievance of tbe defendant, ap. H peered to have been their Impression that lbs R plaintiff was interfering with their business. Jj B to tho " hood," such things were not protected, and they must expect plaintiff to makeusiol what he learned wbllo In their employ. He ap. peered, however, to have been only employed u a weekly servant as draughtsman, and tbt Supreme Court had ruled that lu such case, la this colony no notice of dismissal was necessary, The c'alm of the pla'ntiff to ba considered 1 yearly servant could not lrc supported, and Ihe verdict would be for the defendants. Mt. lltttu oppearedfor plaintiff; Mr. Cock for .Mental For tho truth of tho accompanying stond domestic intrigue the Kilmoro JBxamintr I accountable. In republishing it wo must premli that tbo local contemporary ol that journal de blares th&t;, so far as ho has becu able to leara Ihe tale Is a gross fabrication from beginning 1. end : — " One of thoso disgraceful clupeineal which, unfortunately, too frequently cast a dark shadow over colonial society, occurred during tho early part of the week. On Sunday lui(1 lady and gentleman arrived in Kilmore, driving alight two-horso American huggy, nnd shorlly afterwards made their way to a suburban hold, where they took up tbelr abode, and requested to be accommodated with sleeping tipnrluhnfj for tho night, tho lady expressing her abhorrence ef .travelling on Sunday, giving that as a reason fx tbelr early stoppage. Sho' also stated they had been married for a fortnight, end were jn>t aboil proceeding to the metropolis to finish their honeymoon. During their short stsy et til hotel they were very merry, tho gentian, 'shouting' chsmpsgno to.un unlimited ertrt fl At length to rest the wedded couplo ryrf-l In the morning they reappeared, end Ibikol- lady informed them that breakfast was resly,A the same time pslitely Inquiring whdb:-r ti'-J had any objection to astrangc gentleman, trhihlH arrived at tbe hotel early that raurnlay, btth-J fasting at the same table. ' Oh door, uj, the least,' replied Madame, and forfiiirith p:o-| cccded, accompanied by her reputed husband, toH the breakfast-table. But, as it is said, lluH course of true love seldom runs smooth; nllH this instance, for scarcely had the phclonH couple sat down fo breakfast when, lo! popped the husband ol tha womun. Nov, ucdfiH such circumstances, It ts natural enough titr-H pcct that all tho crockery on tho table, ond tteH heads of the wife nnd her paramour would bsH smashed to atoms, or nt least severely ln|u:rf.H But uo; all was pence end qu!elne:o. TbiH husband of the woman appeared a llllllH taken a -back nt first, hut after e.\cl>scgic;| a few words with her, ho left tho hotel, juoipflB on his horse, and resumed Ms journey bont-H wards, leaving his faithless spou.o ami bircoc-B panlon to continue their revelry. It that this paragou of female virtue was iu Melbourne ahont sixteen months ago uhooK-B keeper to a gentleman' whoso wifo di'd dailojB her confinement. An intimacy sprang tween her and her master, which ulllmaldfH resulted in marriage. The husband wool dosoB to Melbourne a shaft time ' ago, with tho laln-K tlon of proceeding to Queensland to lookoMB some station property he owned in that eoloPf'B The faithless woman took advantage of herhn-B baad'a ahsence, und ' bolted ' with a -cousin' 1 hers, who was stopping nt the station on oiU'sB intendlug to have a ' spree lu Melbourne hla stay in Sydooy and Brislnne. stances compelled Mr. (the woman's band) to reraoin in Melbourne eight or teuo'J before starting for Queensland, aud io Ihscoa'i of that time he roceived a letter from hts brota at GIndstone, stating it was unnectEstry for , to come over, as tbe property had beou dhp® of on very enttsfaetoi-y terms; heuce lib u' Hi pfctedly-early return homewards. H Melbourno about 4 o'clock in the mora jb- intending to breakfast at a hotel within a . miles of Kilmoro, where ho met his wife® embraces (literally speaking) of a man F"" .H., considered a friend and n relation. Tho a likely to'nccupy tho attention of their H" H,. tho Judges sitting In matrimonial couees- unfaithful woman, wo nro told, Is of Brel sonnl attractions, and was rccomiucnae Bitviee of her late master byagentleman 0 a first-class position In Melbourno." A witness attended tho Ballanrnt ' ' H Court on Wednesday, In a caso 'nv" amount of L7 10s., who had travelled a ,(j from Mount Rouse — a distance of ' miles — In order to g'vu his evldcr.ee. An Inquest was held on Tlfednw 7 )|( body of Charles Fife, who was louna 1 H previous day in a locality near tho ca H1 I Tn prize-fight was to have l.tuait Z mortem examination of his |CU?Tr i that death bad rc- futrD'' of the brain, brought on |vidfttinf0nfL et-li end wot whilst in a state iCitolku. A verdict was returned iiitn®e I-!''- . p-.rell, nnd Davies, M.L.A. s., )|irr!',,l"t|,outotion ftnm the Ballon Sblro I,.!::'! 3 ,/|or| Borcugh Council, and 1-itA l-lvn and Guildford local hodiee, Ell'ltJa jf I«nd Railways, to ask 118 b0 Proclo,,,,,ed ll'SylcsM. P858"! ll,reUS',1 ."J" It'll " Li Mr. Sullivan acceded to III" 1<p:tnd stated that he would have the l'«!""iine-i a few days ago that n young |fi»("l|,,n. Ttllo Ball, had loft her place of »t!,cr m)'slorltm3ly- " |r!-i ' ,/t 'turned tbe some evening, and t' aned as to where she had been, l! Twdilln" statement ns to having Wyf,S while 'thinking of her friends | ' -lin renin went away; nnd lie "hod noticed, her em- W Crawcour cemo to the con- the girl n'05 suffering from an p- "" lh. intellect. He, therefsre, cora- the aalice, nnd she was arrested ill" I lua'acy. The poor girl lately I'jh d o IV'liIto Star r.s an Immigrant, and W1 b . „ f.ora her friends, and removal from ftf icetesi 338111 t0 have prcyed on ber l'„At Hans, who originally arrested Mrs. K (tens Quinn) upon a Now Zen- B Vrt for larceny, has been arrested on K Gothenburg on a Judge's warrant on « of stealing tho veil which wns tbo H' .Lilt whicli she was occused. Kelly, Iter In that case, hns also been arrested Wiles !» apPonr in Bn BCtion Dgnln8t il'liN Imprisonment. The former action . be treating a peace officer ol another K .I1I1 marked disrespect, nnd demands some Tin to the statement which hns gone .jofllienewi-papeis, that the Manchester V| Old Fellows intend presenting Dr. Llc-ulmooiil, a Geelong contemporary '/,-,!, meeting of the Annual Moveable »i( held iu Geelong aomo months ago, L', declined to accept any testimonial, B.r'l la would iiko lo sco tho money so Etecled towards eomc charitable institu- I Wtctdayi the coroner's investigation ft! cause of the recent firo at Kyne- Ij'titli destroyed a portion of the I,-!-!' Institute of that town, was re- la" Kclblng was . elicited beyond what has lajpmoiada public, If we except n stnte- Ito Sr. Powell that when In. tko library Irfj'ciiwk on the night of tho fire, ho Wail lie. Bodkin, who , was in charge, .that ;(» too large, and advised him to take fditsll. Mr. Bodkin denied that he un fa Mr. Powell to givo him .any such ad- fed slated that when he left tho premises ft--r Could hove been apprehended from the Inn jury found that the fire wns the re- ffo- ddont. There was some inclination to filer to the verdict, to the effect that the ft z35 unnecessary , hut this was not done., filer from a Mr. Alex. Hamilton appears fKvneton Observer, In which the writer fthes the Trertbam ghost story, which Blue ago appeared In tho rival local paper, Ruuc of falsehoods, designed to hurt the bs of an industrious man, " who," con- u Mr, Hamilton, " is not a Dutchman." Joints Miller, of Geelong, to whom the itlbi; for the rolunfeers who were to havo iSeraJdi! there on IFedncsdoy was entrusted, w nil the greatest loser by tbe postponement display. Ho bed do less than 8001b. of and seme 290 or 300 loaves prepared for :siiou, and It was suggested that the viands Indisposed of by miction. Mr. Miller diodoauy euch Ihiog, hut forwarded a q el cooled mutton and beef to: tho ISelicol, end during the day many poor cculd ho seen/walking owsy with a pie, "rr or n saddle of mutton under their te ss& io draw attention to an advor- ;till!og 0 meeting for Monday next, at 8 Phillip Club hotel, of gentlemen dc- dugenlsinc a Highland Society in Mel- ur!i miner named Gregory Squires was (okttilny, at Mutdoch and Co.'s claim, 11 BUI, Bcndigo, by a, fall of quartz utt. An inquest wns commenced the :z day and adjourned tlll'Frlday (this iioihcr mining accident, whinh occurred utcne Flat, was made the subject of. In to; the sufferer, Baptists Tomagnl, iiti to the Sandhurst H ospltal on Tues- Ia this case a verdict of accidental death toitd, . Rev. Dr, Bromby delivered a lecture lost g at Ti laity Church, ia aid of the parson- -1. Captalu MacMahon occupied tho cbcir. iljsctwoa " The Poet tow-par," and the r very minutely traced bis life, reading 1 extracts from the poet's prose composi- 0 throw light on his general history, and 1 poems In Illustration of his feelings on lack at tiie principal events of his career. Hiltbauk? clciid the proceedings. lime reason or other unexplained, Mr. teilaw, 0 member of tho Borough Id iVo d's Point, and returning officer Itacugh, hos refused to refund tho f if Severn! of the candidates nt tho 'late 0: ia to be summoned to: the local limy concerts ond readings-ore te be Hpftcrrow evening, when Mr;- AVy'H. B'G preside, and Messrs.,, Dpight, fi-'d other favourites will take part tn Bl;u (ntertuinincnt is announced to bo 'bWtst Melbourno Lilernry Institute -'hkourca Monday night Mr. Blumke, SB's I'lat, hearing cries of distress-In of the claim, proceeded to the -spot "tl the-eonnds proceeded, and .there/ 'Mil Immersed up. to tho nrmptis in I.PW f'How was extricated with j1- difficulty, md so benumbed and ex-/ '' I8 exposure nnd his/efforts to -y, which; however, only submerged l-il "PM-at ke was perfectly helpless , b1"0 hours after tho occurrence, ' ji :h. Ihla wanderer camotogrief, -I under water tn consequence of tho /'/ 50 'hat in all probability he would jaitownad without help. "The man was Kf hollers, and tho heat,' they im'j -''til to his gradual recovery. " «% tiieiaquEst on llio/hody of.Cbarles iitiu"1' wbu af(ep an opileplic Jorcs, on the 14th; was resumed In Hi t» J r8n|tni tiered .that the In-', lilii", t,lj'urnci1 ln" or'ler 1 that the' ,'l"?3hlof tIie,decossed might be; EtLK|1?.rtofMr- -fclinson, the ana- 1 produced ; it Iran'"' a's' folloft I b In n .,the con,enta of the jura H>»r J, \ adjoining Ic'ticr (from Dr. BwotlJ do not- do'8'ut any, trnco R:m 1,. v'"S8'ab!e poison, hor -is there 38 of mineral: poison.- As Bn u? I ' opium after dentil') Bute A1" heon oaueed-by- H, in Baltlslerf,! 1' ' i' 5 !orP'lon-;- Phrtlculnrly' Heiai 83 In, laudanum— B'«alf«n ,8 tllat death In . this onsa Mk etu,_. Mce'erated by au over-dose, BSsox m t0- 6uch conclusion.— B8". Tits i' F" fowling; medical 0 have iu 1 COD8'<'8iad the causo of '"oiiin i»n. ,cl'"8l)llfQret convulsions, u «ot „ ?.hl's di!eM0 "f tho kldney. V "nt ! t,l8ro WDS sufficient p ."'"d died by poisoning I' "fbim a n,t 'h'nk Hint any WttnL. fhoul11 ,ho admi- M\ mraio-i BS deceased was. »aUd tfi», ?raell,t,oner' "siding nt jlHucm-t . tt. administered twenty B11' "plum in half a drachm of doso on the first occa- sion. .He obtained tbe medicine from Mr. Cox, chemist, but did not write the prescription. Two hours after ho wrote a prescription cenioinfog mora opium, but in Bmali doses. Ho could not say positively if any was administered. He be lieved exhaustion was tho cause of death, fol lowing convulsions, and considered tbe doso of opium was a proper one to glvo undor tho circumstances, and wsb not a poisoning owe. He thought it usual to givo /opium, and hod ndopted this practico before and success fully. Tho first prescription was made up from a verbal order, and not measured. Tho dispensing chomist, Thomas Cox, Majorca, stated that ho did not measure the laudauutn or tbe ipecacuanha wlac. He could tell easily in a phial of this kind (produced) almost to a nicety the quantity without measure ment. Richard Southee, medical practitioner, Majorca, deposed that from tho general symp toms and appearance, ho concluded deceased had taken opium, and he sent to tho chemist's ahop and ascertained opium bad been used. De ceased attempted to vomit, nnd brought up some mucus which distinctly smelt of opium. He woe not prepared to state that opium accelerated death. It was highly pernicious ami dangerous to give such medicine in cases of tbe kind de ceased was suffering from. Tho coroner having reviewed the evidence, the jury returned the following verdict: — "That tho deceased Chnrles Wlllinm Hnllen s'i;d nt Majorca on 16lh Sep tember, 1867, from epileptiform convulsions, con sequent upon Blight's disease of the kidneys. In our opinion, tho first medicine given to the de ceased was very carelessly odafinistered by Dr. Rae." Another excellent porformnnco of "Still Waters Run Deep" was given nt tho Theatre Royal last nigln. It will ho repeated this even ing, nnd to-morrow Mr. Montgomery will ngain appear as Hamlet. " Masks and Faces" and the burlerque formed the performance at the Haymarkci Tneatre lost night. Tuis evening Miss Kate Denin will take hor first bouefit, and will appear as Lady Gay Spanker in " London Assurance," nnd also in the burlesque. The entertainment is announced as under the patronage of Lieut.-Colonel Trevor and the officers of the 14th Regiment. The regimental band has also beon granted for the occasion. The Gourlays are announced to appear ln their entertainment at the Pvlytechnic-hall to morrow evening. 