Analysis of the Sydney Cup. Br YOUNG NIMROD. (To the Editors of Bell's Life in Svdney.) Gentlemen,-Tho Melbourne Champion Race being over, tho next great event in tho sporting world is the Sydney Cup, and it may not be out of place if I attempt to give your readers an idea of the performances of tho different nags engaged therein, and which of them is most likely to prove the winner. Lust year it, may be remembered, witnessed the inaugurat ion of this great race, nnd considering that it was placed before horso owners for tho first time, it took with remarkable success, closing witli 26 entries, 13 of whom faced the starter's flag, and after a splendid race it was won by Mr Rutledge's Yattendon, 4 yrs, 8st 41b ; Mr Ivory's Sultana, 4 yrs, 7st llb, second; Mr Tait's Falcon, 4 yrs, 7st 21b, third. Time, 3 min 43 secs. This year has witnessed a great improvement upon both the number and quality of the horses entered, tbs race closing with 37 entries, 6 of whom hail from Victoria, and 2 from Queensland. When the acceptances were declared, overyono was astonished to seo that only/bur horses, out of the 37 handicappsd, had declined to accept, two of whom it is well known did not accept, through other reasons than dissatisfaction with the handicap. I do not behove that it ever occurred in tho Australian colonies before, that out of 37 horses handicapped in a race, there were only four non- acceptors, and it speaks volumes in favor of Mr Lackey's abilitios as a Handicapper. The only thing that I am afraid will spoil the rnco, is bad starting, andi feel confident that with good starting, this great ruco will provo a glorious success. I deeply regret that the A.J.C. did notappoint Mr Renfrey starter, as I believe we would then stand some chanco of seeing a good start, and horse owners would also feel more confidence in a known good starter, than if a person was appointed to that onerous position, who has had no previous experience in that capacity. This timo last year the turfites of Kew South Wales were quite jubilant over tho victory of Tarragon in the Melbourno Champion Race, which, owing to thc quick timo it was ran in, was looked upon as something short of a miracle, and they are now, if possible, still more enthusiastic over tho double victory of The Barb in tho Melbourne Cup and Champion Rnco, which has had the effect of driving him up in the betting market at the very short odds of 4 to 1, with plenty of backers, it being tho opinion of the sporting public that no horse in in tho race will have a ghost of a chance against him, and that he will win it in a cantor. With this opinion I differ, as I believo that if ho should win it, he will hare to gallop all tho way, and have nothing to sparo at the end of his journey. Before concluding my remarks I must caution the Barb's friends against making too groat a " pot of him, as by late telegrams it will be seen that his departure from Melbourne has been put off, for a time, on account of bad feet, which will not bo wondered at, when we consider the length of timo he has been in ' training. At all events when tho other horses aro beginning to got backed, they will be enabled to back him ot a fuir price. Tho first horse on my list is that game old horso TABBAOOK, aged, flst 121b, by Kow Warrior. The Handicapper seems to have a very just appreciation of the prowess of this gamo animal, and gave him n hat I consider a very fair weight, and if he comes to the post in his best form it will take a good horso to beat him, but ofter his breaking down so badly at tho last Kind wiok Autumn Mooting, and his subsequently going to the stud, I am of opinion that he will never bo himself again, and without he is in tip top fettlo I would not hare him at any price. Tarragon has proved himself so good at every distance that I find it very difficult to say what aro his best porfom.ances. Ho ran Volunteer, giving him 19 pounds, to a head for the Mayor's Cup, 2 miles, at tho Randwick September Meeting, 1865. Volunteer, 9st, first ; Tarragon, lOst 51b, second, and Sir Patrick, 8st, third. Time, 3 min 46 secs. Another great performance ho made was in the Melbourne. Champion Boco when, although out of condition, ho ran a dead heat with Volunteer in thc unprecedented time of 5 min 47 secs for 3 miles. In the running oiX ho beat Volunteer very cloverly, tho limo being 5 min 48 secs. Setting aside his other good performances, these two races prove him to bc a very dangerous horse in the raco. Tarragon has started in 22 races, winning 12, and losing 10. YATTBKDON, 5 yrs, 9st91b, by Sir Hercules. Yattendon has had no more weight clapped on. him than he is able to carry, he being a regular flyer at two miles. I think, however, that as he broko down in his training in the winter, when tho ground was soft, that he ha s a very poor chance of facing tho startor's flag ia good condition, now that the ground is so hard, as it is sure to play old gooseberry with his poor feet. If it were not for that reason I would not look any further for tho winner. Yattendon's greatest performances were,-winning this race last year, carrying Sst 41b ; Sultana, 7st llb, second, and Falcon, 7st Sib, third. Orneara, Tarragon, Pitsford, Angler, Rose of Australia, ic, beaten ofi*. Time, 3 min 43 secs ; and running second to Bylong for the Metro- politan Stakes at tho last Randwick Meeting ; Bylong, 3 yrs, Sst Gib, first ; Yattendon, 5 yrs, 9st 81b, second, and Tim Whiffler, 4 yrs, 7at 41b, third. The race was ran in 3 min 42} sccs. Shortly after this Yattendon broke down, and was scratched for tho Melbourne Cup and Champion Ruco. Yattendon has started in ll races, winning 6, ana losing ¡J. VOLUNTEER, aged, .Oat 61b, by Ueir Warrior. Good old Vol. must be regarded as a Tory clangorous horse in this race, ho boing in slashing condition, and haring a very nice woight to carry, but I think Tho Barb and Bylong hold him safe. If the blnok colt should go wrong, I would not be surprised to see Volunteer first favorite, however, I would advise my readers to keep him on tho salo side. By his various performances it will be seen that he has proved himself to bo better at 3 than 2 miles. Volunteer's best performances aro,-winning the Mayor's Cup, 2 miles, carrying Ost, in 3 min 46 sccs ; tho Melbourne Queou's Plate, 3 miles, in 5 min SO secs ; running a dead heat with Tarragon in tho Melbourne Ohuoipion Buco, 3 miles, in 5 min 47 seo ; he however was beaton in tho deciding go in 5 min 48 sccs. This, ut that time, was the best on record in Australia for 3-' miles. In the last Melbourne Quean's Plato ho wa« defeated by Smuggler, coining in a good second. Time, 5 min 48sec. He finally wound up up his di Ila rout perform- ances by running second to The Barb in tho Melbourne Champion Boee, in tho hitherto unappronched limo of 5 min 38 secs. Volunteer has started in 49 rucos, winning 14, and losing 35. O.K., aged, 8st 101b, by Figaro. By his late running O.K. eau hare no earthly chanco of winning this race, and, moreover, I beh'ero ho will never c une to tho post. O.K.'s best performance was nt tho Randwick Spring Meeting, 1863, '«(uni ho won tho Unndivick Plate, 3 miles, weight IbrWjjS, beating Tho Sign, Canobie, Sir Patrick and Tulloymid. The timo being tho bast ever made over Randwick-5 min 52 secs. O.K. has started in 2L races, winning 6 and losing 15. SULTANA, 5 yrs, 8st 31b, by Sir Hercules. This gnme little mare must be put dow» among thu doubtful starter«, «he broke down very badly, » few days boforo tho Melbourne Cup WM decided, for wliioli she was* a strong favorite. In iny opinion her stahl« companion Bylong 'io tho best at the weights, therefore I would adviso my readers not to baolc her. Sultana's best performance was in this race last year, carrying 7st llb, she ran a good second to Yattendon, 8st 41 bs ; Falcon, 7st 21b, t hird. Sultana has started in 12 races, winning 5, and losing 7. WARWICK, 6 yrs, 8st 21b, by Sir Hercules. In my opinion he is a greatly over- rated horse, his performances not being much out of tho common. At all events, both his stable companions are better in than him, and I would not have him at any price. Warwick's best performance was at the last Randwick Meeting, winning tho Randwick Plate, 3 miles, in a canter, beating Nonsuch, Birmingham and Buccaneer. Time, 5 min 51 sccs. Warwick has started in 13 races, winning 7, and losing G. \- EXILE, aged, 8st 01b. This horso it may bo remem- bered, formerly ron under the namo of Odd Stocking, but having been disqualified at Ballaarat, his name was changed. I do not think Exilo has much of a chanco for this race, aa the quality of tho horses engaged in it is a cut above him, and I would adviso my readers not to back him Exile's best performance was in the last Melbourne Cup, when at a difference- of lBlbs he ran Tho Barb very close, it being tho opinion of his party, that only for an unfortunate chango of jockeys he must have won. This bein» a Victorian horse 1 hove no record of his various races. TALLEYRAND, aged, 7st 121bs, by Cossack. Poor old Talleyrand I am afraid has seen his best days, and I am suro that he never could, even in his best days, win a roes like tho Syduoy Cup. Amongst Talleyrand's vorious performances, tho two best, are his winning the Geelong Champion Race in 6 min 2 secs, beating Barwon, Archer, Mormon and 7 others, and his winning at the Randwick Autumn Meeting in 1862, tho Handwiek Grand Handicap, carrying Oit, beating Ben Bolt, 9st 31b, and Archer, IOst, &a;, &c.; Talleyrand has started in 24 races, winning 12, and losing 12. WooDJiAN, aged, 7st 101b, by Sportsman. This horse must looked upon os a doubtful starter, as I don't beliero he trill over face the starter's flag, unless his owner has a Tory exaggerated idea of his abilities. At all events ho can have no chance, as ho has nover done anything worth speaking of, or shown any form good enough to win tho Sydney Cup. His beBt performance?, was at the Victorian Kneing Club Autumn Meetings, in 1865 and 1866, when he twice won tho Australian Cup, 2J- miles, carrying 7st llb and 7st 121b. Time, 4 min 15 secs, and 4 min 24 secs. (Zb ba Continued.) 