TAROOM. (ïBOil OUR OWN COBBESrONDENT.) Maroh 13. I ENOIOSE you particulars of a land salo hold horo on the 4th. This was, I boliovo, tho third salo of Governmont land ovor hold in thiB township, and although tho attondanco at tho Court Houso on tho oooasiou was vory good in point of numbors, it was, as you will observo, bad in rospoct of tho quantity of land purchased. Of fifty lots, two roods each, situate in tho town of Taroom, county of Fortoscuo, parish of Taroom, only ono, £15, was purchasod at tho upsot prico, £8 per aero ; purohasor, Dr. Hounings. Thoro was not an oller for tho sub- urban lots, mid only ono country lot found a buyor in David Thomas ; upsot prico, £1 ; aroa, 42 aoros 8 roods. Mr. W. Cave, P.M., pre- sided at tho sale. Tho drought is gono at last. I cannot say whothor tho rain which has fallon so plontoously and stoodily in Taroom during tho past ftvo or six days has boon partial, but from oppoorancos, judgo it has beon impartial and wido-sproad ; thoro oannot bo a doubt in suoh a oaso that tho oxpootations of tho sottlors wil bo fully roalizod, and a fino lot of grass be found ovorywhoro on tho Dawson this onsuing year. Mails from Brisbane via Condamine have boon altorod again. This time tho altera' ion is for tho hotter ; but why was it nccossary to alter tho timo tablo twico in two mouths OB has boon tho oaso in this instanooP Tho first chango was a flying from a vory few ills wo had to others that we know not of, and now tho chango is all but baok to old arrangements. Groat is St. Go- ¡ ,1 moan, Diana of tho Ephosians ! Tho Law Calondar (!) ia as follows :-Some timo during last wook tho man Kelly, chargod with murder, was disohargod for want of ovi donoo ; but was committed soon afterwards on a ohargo of robbery. Ono individual, who glories in tho naroo of Jones, was also committed for forgory committed by him on Mr. Wilson, of Oooradah ; both of thoso promising gaol birds havo hoon sont under escort to Gayndah to moot-Bombastos-oh no, not at all, but Judge Innes, faco to face, on tho 20th instant. Sinco tho timo whon thoBo two woro " polishod off tho Court has hold anothor sitting (a regular monthly affair this time, nono of your spasmodio attacks) and somo considerable business was disposed of by W. Cavo Esq., tho Police Magistrate. HORSE SOLDIERINO.-John Oarmiohaol, lately a publioan at Mount Hutton, was ohargod by J. Sutton with this ofl'onco ; but as it nppoarod that Sutton had lont tho horso tho oaso was dis- missed. Tho samo dofondant thon nppoarod to anflwor a similar charge proforrod by Mr. Arthur Beovor. Tho partioularB aro briefly : Mr. Beovor loft a horso in Oarmiohaol's caro, at tho Tholwall Arms, Mount Hutton, in Doooiu bor, 1866. Complainant called for his horso again, but could not got it, OB Oarmiohaol WOB riding it. J. Sutton doposod to having soon tho dofondant rido tho horso (produood outsido tho court), and as no authority had ovor boon givon to tho dofondant to rido tho horso, but, on tho con- trary, the animal had boon domandod whon it could not bo got, because tho dofondant was aotually thon using it. Tho Bonoh considorod tho oaso fully provod, and inflicted a fino of £20 and £10 costs, to bo paid forthwith ; in dofhult, six months' impriBonmont, with hard labor. WAGES.-Bobinson v. Ascough, wages, £1 10s. No appoaraneo of dofondant. Vordiot for complainant, with 3s. Gd. costs. PETTY DEBTS.-Homan v. Pooroy. No ap pooranoo; struck out.-M. Zorloo v. Homan. No appoaraneo of dofondant. David Thomas, Zorloo s bookkeopor, on behalf of tho plaintiff, asked for an adjournment for a month, as Mr. Zorloo was from homo. Application granted. Tho Bench thon sat as a spooial Bonoh of Potty Sossions, for tho transfer of publicans' liconsos. TEANSPEE.-The Tholwall Arms, Mount Hut- ton, from John Oarmiohaol to Pit. Loydon. BENEWALS woro granted to John Ashton, Loiohhordt Hotol, Taroom, for tho yoar onded Juno, 1866. A uko renewal was granted to Martin Zorloe for the Taroom Hete!, and to John Carmichael of tho Tholwall Arms, Mount Hutton. A ronowal was granted to B. J. Sals bury for the year ondod Soplombor, 1866. Tho oauso of theso ronowals boing BO late in boing grantod arises from the want of magistrates to form a bonch at Taroom. This want is now at last supplied by tho appointment of Mr. Cavo, C.P.S., to aot as P.M., and tho immodiato conscquonce of that gontloman's going to work is a gonoral clearing up of arrears, soma of them boing oven oidor than thoso above montionod. A vory largo numbor of sheep have passed this way lately from stations furthor north. From Mr. Kelman's station,n Ghin Ghinda, some 12,000 havo been purchased.by either New South Wales or Victorian capitalists, and the rauttonshuvo boondrivonoff. Anotherlotofabout 60,000 passed only a fow days ago, undor charge of Mr. Gordon, who intends taking thom via tho Belyando on to the Darling, or in that direction ; they woro brought from somewhore near Rockhampton, and all lookod in good order and condition. I havo heard that tho price paid for all thcBo shoop is about 6s. or 7s. a head, and am told that is a high figure for sheep that havo just passed through the wool shod. Tho inclomonoy of the weather interfered with tho meeting anont the races, that was to havo been hold last night (12th), but it has only postponed the preliminary arrangomonts, and as it happons that ono of tho mails has beon interfered with, it is likely that the en- forced delay will bo odvuntageous rathor than tho rovorso. Tho bon. seo. will call a mooting at an early day, when everything will be ar- rangod, and perhaps by that time the program- mes from (Othor placos will bo to hand, to enable the mooting of subscribers hore to sottlo matters at once, without any more meetings on the sub- ject. LATE AUTUMN FIOWEBS.-Very beautiful aro those late lingerers of the flower- world that toke no hint short of thirty-two Fahrenheit to vanish from the scene. They bear the buffets of the equinoctial bravely. It is only when tho rimoy finger of Jaok Frost touches their petals, that the glory fados out of them, and they bow thoir heads desporingly and yield up the ghost. Cold Jack is an uncompromising democrat. He takes the conceit out of the sumptuous dahlias, gay china asters, and stately holyhocks, as promptly as popular revolutions humble kings and princes. Forlorn and beggarly enough the loftiest of them look when he has turned their gay raiment into whitey-brown rags. But as yet they flaunt their glories in the fair October sunshine gallantly, and the mignionetto beds at their feet continue to offer thom balmy in- cense. 