LECTURE ON ABYSSINIA: ITS MANNERS AND CUSTOMS. A Tory interesting and instructivo lectura was delivered last ovoning nt tho School of Arts, Pitt street, on " Abyssinia: its manners and customs, &o.;," by Captain Speedy, formerly of H. SL 81st Regiment, aud for some timo in tho service of tho Emperor Theodorus, and who has rocontly received a telegram from Sir Robert Napier, forwarded by the Govornor of Ceylon, requesting him to join tho expedition into Abyssinia, Tho choir was taken by Iiis Honor tho Ohiof Justice, Sir Alfred Stephen, C.B., who briefly intro- duced the lecturer. Captain Speedy, he said, had already greatly served his country, and was now about to assist in a great work, that of rescuing eorao British subjects from a cruel and long captivity. Tlie lecturer then carno forward, dressed in tho Abyssinian 2 costume- dark tight [trousers, a wide silk belt, a rod cloth shirt, and Tong cap of the same colour; over this was thrown along white scarf, bo dored with red, which tboy twist and swing about It is tho dress of a Christian. It is worn by men and women, and also by tho King, On tho feet are worn 1 ather sandals. AH on« lecture is not suflicient to givo the history of Abyssinia, ho therefore proposod to continue tho lecturo on Saturday. In tho yoar, 11U7 a Portuguese priest waa travelling in Africa, and mot with a pooplo whom ho thought to bo a portion of the Greek Church Thoso weru the ancestors of tho Abyssinian?. The present Emperor is said to bo a descendant of Solomon, and is styled the Son of Solomon, Son o' David, King of Kings, Emperor of Abyssinia. Tho Abyssiniuns think that it is not fair that they should uot bo assisted by tho greatest European power, England, os Turkey was. Eroai 1852 te 18Ü2 Abyssinian pilgrims re- ceived British protection. Theouoro isa usurper. Ho professes to be tho descendant of tho Queen of Shoba, «nd tlio people generally believe the same. Captain Canioron visited tho Emperor, who received him very kindly, and gave bim a lotter, making proposals to her Majesty. One of tho greatest expectations of Theo dorus wa* to restoro Ethiopia to its farmer extant and .greatness. The mountains of Abyssinia are about sixty railes distant from thc seo, and that district ia very barren j the road ÍB most difficult, deep guUies, holes, and great rocks scattered hero and there. Travelling iu Abyssinia with a guido tho lecturer arrived nt a moro fertile country, whero was a village, ibut ho could not say much for tho architecture. Whilo t.iero a horseman came up, dre «i'd in tl o costume in which ho (tho lecturer then oppcaroa He asked somo questions, and they went to un en- closure whero they saw tho chief, not at all of a pre- possessing appearance, having but one oyo, and greatly pitted with tho small pox; ho was, however, extremely polite. He (tho lecturer) was conducted through a passage ; it waa quite dark.; he heard tho voice calling, so ho went forward and stumbled over poultry, a calf, and lastly what ho took to be a cushion, but which turned out to be an old woman, tho hostess, lying near the lire. Ho was'then lcd into a room, which waa full of smoko. The .servant brought in his OSF, and on ho (tho lecturer) remonstrating, was told that wjs tho custom of tho country, and that ho would have to comply. The lecturer then gavo an account of au Abyssinian marriage. A .girl enters and hokes cakes for the guests, aaothor brings in wine, and so on. They then call in the priest, who pronounces a blessing. He (the lecturer) should havo said that water was brought round to wash their hand», by pouring wator over them, after which they were not to touch anything. They would not wash in a basin ; for they say that tho dirt being in tho water .touches the hands as thoy are taken out of tlio water. At dinner ho was eating very slow, tho curry being red popper was very hot ; ho was told that he must cat faster. To bo polite it is necessary to mako a great noise in che wing ; and tlio proverb ia that " only beggars eat silently." The Abyssinians always eat with their fingers and wipe their hands in tho table cloth When presented with wino, they pour «orno out of tho bottle into tho hands of tlio servant who presents it He travelled to a place called a plato, which was a very fertilo country, abounding with sheep and various kinds of cattle. The Abyssinian* always prefer a plato, thoy being so .easily dofondod. When you make a present you should not give money, but a paper of neealos, or somo coloured clothes, &c.; Tho Abyssinians do not wish to sell their hospitality, and consider it their duty to troat a traveller well. Ile was at ono place whero they well supplied him with food: a cow, some two or tlirco sheepland a largo quantity of damper, to eorvo him for tho day. At ono placo lio wa* . shown into a largo room, whore about forty chiots , entered and mado their bows, tte. (The lecturer then twisted his long scarf about and waved his hands, in imitation of tho salaams of tho chiefs.) Abyssinia wus reported to bo a country whore the people, when travelling, cut a slice out of tho livo animals which , they have with them, and then rido on. lio found that it was quito tho contrary-they would rather starvo tlian do such a .thing. They aro particular about killing tboir animals, they al wave cut tho throat towards Jerusalem, faying, " In tho namo of tho Father, tho Sop, and tho lîoly Ghost, ono God." They then have it weil washed, and-cat it raw. Tho following is tho manner of eating it : they cut off a piece, about ?1 or 5 lbs. of raw meat, by catching hold of ono end ' willi tho teeth, and tho other with the loft hand, and with the right striking with a sword., lie was desired to cat, hut turned away in disgust ; ho was told that ho must comply with tho custom of tho Aliyssinians. Ho thon cut oil' two or , thrco ounces, when they told him that os he wus bigger than the othors, he should cat moro. Tho tradi- tion is that a king who was fighting with a gTent enemy was defeated, nnd.a groat many of their number wore eut in pieces; on tilo fiold of battlo they could not mako a lire, so they continued to fast for two or thrco .days, when they determined to oat tho meat raw. Goudar, though one of tho chiof cition, ÍB not the .capital. Theodora hos no capitol; ho hos been a soldier all his lifo, .and colls the camp in which ho . happens to bo his capital. A fow months beforo MB , (tho lecturer's) arrival in Abyssinia, a John Boll, an Englishman, high in favour with tho king, was killod in battle, Tho lecturer was something liko this John Bell in appearance, .and it was reported to tho king ithat.ho was his brother. Tho king sent for him, and wishod to mako him his primo minister, instead of John Boll. Ho said that ho -wished to leavo tho next day. Tho king siiid that ho should stay till he had received presents, and then leave. Tho lecturer described the various throw- ing, of tho scarf in tWpresonco of tho Jung. Ho at last resolved to Btay with Iho King, and learn tho lan- guage. ¡Tho way a soldior carries his spear is Btuck out behind, under his scarf, liko a dojrs tail. Tho people aro Christians, and aro skilful m some arts. This dress was wove in Abyssinia. A person willi dozens of coats on is considerad to bo without clothes, but with nothing but his ecarf ho is quito dressed. In war tlioy aro very good horsemen, following tho Par- thian system of lighting. Thqy ride at lull gallop, and, hoving.o vory powerful bit, .can tum very quickly. They iinvo strong swords of two kinds-ono like tho English j tho.otlicr, called " sliotol," is a true Abys- sinian weapon; it is 6oniathrng-iliko a sickle, forty eight inches loqg, and is twisted from sido to side. It is used, as a Bicklo, and turned the other way as a .sword. (Tho lecturor showed how they guarded themselves in fighting.) On one occasion io was engaged in singlo combat, when the Abyssinian turning his shotel, Btruck right down on In's head .with tho point This nasty long of the Abyssinian sword since that tima (A laugh.) When skilfully struck, either tho Bword muBt broalc, or tho head must como off. They havo not ninny fire- arms. Thoy havo a few good rifles, and somo vory bad enes. They aro very good marksmen over short ranges. Thoy never think of aiming at moro than 100 yards. Soldiers aro generally supposed to know tho ' uso of tho cloth. (Ho than exhibited diJIuxont modes of showing contempt and reveronco by tho handling of thc scarf and tho attitude.) In Abyssinia ovory man ; is supposed to bo his own lawyor. (Applause.) Whon a muu WUB supposed to bo very clover, ho was chosen umpire or judge. Tho plaintiff and defendant carno 1 bofore thu judge. Tho plaintiff swears by tho lifo o£ I tho ICing, and by tho God of tho King. Then thoy i wager a mulo or perhaps several ; and ono lies tho other unties a knot in tho scarf. In cases »f murder thoro is a jury. Tho fco of tho judgo is a bot. Thoodorus, on ono occasion, offered to hot a field covered over with gold. Hut no ono i took up tho bet On OHO occasion thoy came to him ( (Captain Speedy), and said, "Will you bo judgo '<" . Ho replied, "les; and I hope it will ho a good Let." ' TJioy laid a bot of ton mules, ouch worth twenty < dol pira (Tho Jeeturor then showed how tho judgo < seat cd hiuisolf on tho lloor aud enforced ordor.) Ila ( had Eovcral times vonsouted to act as judgo ; but never got tho foo. When ho asked how tins WIIB, (hoy told ' him thoy thought ho must bo above taking a foo, Tho < King, Emperor he ought to bo, Thffodorus, ia a man about live feet nino . inches ; darker than tho Abyssiniens, who aro of an olive colour. Ho has a iiicrcing black eyo; the people, say ho has tho oyo of a ion. Ho can rend your mind nt once. His beard is grizzled: ho is a man of about forty-nine; can walk fifty miles a day without being tired. Ho can throw a spear on horsoback, and take it up while galloping. Ho is a good shot. Tho Abyssinians aro a priest ridden people. Theodore might say, "I have been a bad king ; but aro wo to be slaves to Moslems ! Tbcso English aro bringing thousands of black Moslems from India." If it was to bo a re- ligious wnr it would bo difficult ; otherwise, it would bo nothing. Captain Cameron went down to Cnssila and Massowa, where tho Turks toko yearly Abyssinian Christians as slaves. This is an ensy process, and con- sequently slaves were sold cheap- near tho place of capture thoy wcro 20 dollars, and at Cairo 100. Tho Abyssinians, being unfortunately good-looking, aro very subjoct to this. Tho slave trado is very exten- sive. People say that as long as tho Sultan is Empe- ror of Turkoy, ho must havo plenty of slaves. Captain Cameron went into this country against his (tho lec- turer's) advice. Theodora asked him why he had been to Cassila-to the Egyptians. Ho replied, " Orders from my Queen." And why did you go to Massowa? -" Oiders from my Queen." " You can get orders to go to Cassila and to Massowa, and your Queen can't send mo n civil answer. Aro my people to . bo Blares to* these Turks - theso cursed Islam ? - Never 1" And so tho disputo began. Then carno Uio case of Mr. Stern, a missionary. Tho Abyssinians say Mr. Stern had seen tho king, and visited tho Jews. Ho was told by tho king to retire from the country, on account of tho qunrrel with Eng- land. He sont Mr. Stern away ; told him to go in peace. Mr. Stern delayed to go. Tho rainy eoason came on. It was impossible to travel. Mr. Storn waa imprisoned by tho swollen Btrcams. But ho was very jolly. IIo had'plenty of friends. His guido on seeing him refuse to go on raturncd to tho king. Tho king inquired of him about Stern. Tho king became vory angry, nnd said Stern must go away out of tho country. Stern with the king, as related by the lecturer's i attendant) The servant of Mr. Stem) Giberah Kilkos, I had hoon a rebel ; and tho king unfortunately hud a most exoot memory. Kilkos said he could not speak Arabic Bat tho king recognised him and ordered him to bo bambooed. On seeing this Mr. Stern bit his linger, which was consi- dered as a great insult Mr. Storn said ho did it in sorrow. But tho king took it as an insult Ho said what bito your finger nt mo ? What would bo said if an Abyssinian in England were to mako ugly faces nt tho Queen ? They .beat Mr. Stern too hard. But Mr. Stern had written a book, entitled " Wander- ings among tho Feluccas," in which ho said that Thco dorus was a murderer, that ho had killed six hundred men. Mr. Storn forgot tho rulo of tho good book, " Speak not evil of tho King in thy bod chamlicr." Ho also Bpoko of tho humblo occupation of tho King's mother. His book was found in his tent Ho was theroforo put in chains, and tho last thing they did was to chain him hand and foot, and to make him walk eighteen months in a stooping posture. For tho re- covery of tho prisoners, ho (tho lecturer) lind offered .his services ; but Dr. Boko, who wanted to grow cotton among these turbulent people, and seemed to have lalwnys " a bee in his bonnet" was sent out Dr. Boke wont only ns far as Massowa ; and hearing thoro thnt tho prisoners wore liberated, roturned to England. Mr. Hassan was also sent Mr. Rosenthal, unfortunately isaid 12,000 mon wore coming to conquer the country, and ho was imprisoned. Theodora said whon England .will recognise mo ns king, ns king of kings in Ethiopia, I will lot them free. Tho Abvssinians used a stockade for leopards, and kept a kid on ono <s:do railed off so as not to let tho leopards roach it They had n saying on this : "If you want to mako a kid cry, you must pull tho string." Whether it was that Theodore thought as a Christian ho should have help from tho English or not, ho acted on this cruel proverb to got England to move. Now wo hoar part I of tho army has roached Zuleh. Theodore, continued tho lecturer, is not a man to bo frightened. Ho docs not fear death. His rago is great to find thnt ho is to .bo beaten hy tho Euplish. Woll, tho object of tho mission is in God's hands. A cousin of his (tho lecturer's) own was there. All this trouble hns been brought on by irresolution, and from tho cavnlior manner in which Theodore's first lotter was received. No man likes to be snubbed. If he lind received a civil reply, saying " No ; wo cannot help you, our (Captain Speedy then described policy IB penco, nu would nave been well. When i people «aid Theodore wanted to marry tho Queen, lind ! ?when Punch put in a frightful picture called Theodore, i whon on English oilicer said " We'll hang tho wretch in tho chains with which ho tormented his victims," all theso things did not improvo his temper. In conclusion, Captain Speedy said : llnving been in Abyssinia, of conreo my best wishes woro on tho side of Abyssinians ; but since Theo- dore has acted so cruellv, there is no question about it: ho deserves to bo punisiied. lint thu hard thing is: wo go into that country ; wo open Abyssinia to tho inroads ? of the Sultan. A lot of people used to bo alwaysgoing to Abyssinia. Well, this year tho Sultan goos to England, and immediately tho expedition is sent to Abyssinia. Tho Sultan wants Abyssinia-Sir llenry Bulwor bas promised it to him. Tho Sultan is very proud. It was beneath him to shake hands with tho Princo of Wales. (A laugh.) All this troublo had arisen from a mistake on our part at tho outsot, in not Bonding n civil refusal. If wo had done this, and Bent a fow prosents, all would havo been wt'lL But I fear this seven millions of Christinns will bo now mado Mahomcdan Blaves, and that is too bad in the 19th century. (Applause.) On tho motion of the Hov. A. II. STEPIIEK, seconded by Mr. G. E. WISE, a voto of thniiks was accorded by applause to tho lecturer. Tho lecture lasted two hours, and was listonod to witii intonso interest by a crowded audience. Tho tall figuro, peculiar costume, and oriontal attitudes of tho gallant lecturer gavo a zest to ilia vory important matter of Iiis lecture. Ho ovidontly bore away tho feelings of his audience in favor of tho Christian Abyssinians. Tho CIIAIUKAX oxprossod his conviction that moro might bo accomplished by tho well directed peaceful efforts of tho locturor than by tho thunders of British artiUory. Ho was thorotorc rejoiced to find that Captain Speedy had consented to join tho expedition. It was announced by Kev. A. Stephen that Captain Speedy would givo a second lecture, in continuation of tho subject, ut 6 o'clock on Saturday ovening. 