FRIDA Y, JULY 19th, 1867. Wa have frequently had the pleasing task of wreathing laurels to crown parlia mentary orators, in honour of the elo quence they have poured forth before the Legislative Assembly, in upholding the cause of freedom, or endeavouring to break the manacles of despotism, or loosen the galling chains of the oppressed. But there are occasions, and we are thankful to know they are very few and very far between, when we have to show up to a well discerning public, the trashy twaddle of some one or other of honourable mem. hers, with, a hope, that, by so blazing abroad their small-talk, we may teach such ones that " a still tongue makes a wise head." It is frequently the province of a reporter to make a good speech for a bad speaker, or correct any little lapsusi linguae that occasionally protrudes in the heat of a debate, when the speaker has waxed extra warm with the subject under discussion, or has not sufficiently arranged his words before he launches them forth to be digested by the critic., There are two kinds of parliamentary speeches that reporters bring away from the Senate House verbatim et literatim, and scatter them, broad-cast, among the reading public of the day. The one, because it is full of the richest gems of thought, of eloquence, and of argument; the other because it is extra-ludicrous and nonsen sical. Of the latter, we last week gave our readers a specimen in the verbatim speech of the 'hon. member for Argyle, delivered before the House of Representa tives; and we think his constituents must have felt themselves highly flattered -(or confounded) at the wisdom and knowledge displayed by their representative in the Legislative Assembly. The question forced itself upon us-Is he the represen.. tative of the people of Argyle, and does he properly represent them ? If so, po liteness and refinement have been a long time: travelling, and as yet have not reached that apparently sequestered nook. Had this rich effusion of Mr Dignam's been published in the old country, we should have taken it for granted that its author must have taken an early ramble through Billingsgate Fish Market, imbibed strong potions, and come away thorough ly intoxicated with its slang. Or either he had swallowed a page or two of the far-famed Whitechapel slaughterhouse dictionary,-" Government tripe coves, bullock and lights" have certainly a strong, slaughterhouse " muck" stench about it. Other parts of his speech sa vour much of the pugilistic ring. Speak ing to the honourable Mr Speaker, he addresses him thus, "the state in which you have been sweated there "-" I will not see you murdered" &c.; An "out side man," listening at the keyhole, would have thought there must have been going on in the House a government prize fight, and that the honourable. member for Argyle was one of the seconds, or was holding the bottle, or in waiting with the sponge; and the opponent was under go ing the painful operation of having "his eyeteeth drawn out, or cut out, or some thing else." In this antagonistical dis play of parliamentary slang, the opposing element of the honourable member for Argyle appears to have been a four-footed beast, or one of the strong bulls of Bashan "running down and goring" a "fine thorough-bred "- What? (Argyle, pardon us for the quotation) " Prithee take thy pen And write me down an ass." Nay, still further, he speaks of his oppo nent as if he were " . . . a dog and bay'd the moon." or a canine brute that barked '" at any thing' like a ghost." Is there anything phantom-like about the honourable mem ber? or is it to Hamlet's ghost he refer red. Tell us what spectre art thou ? If the honourable member for Argyle is " such an infatuated fool that he doesn't care for himself or any body else," how is it possible he could have " felt his dignity hurt" by any honourable member's re marks, .no matter how closely those re marks should have fitted him ? Clothed as the whole of his speech is throughout, with a garb so unlike the debates we are always so anxious to listen to, there is one part of Mr. Dignam's speech, incom prehensible as the most of it is, we give ourselves cridit for thoroughly under standing. The honourable gentleman had been seated in the House from *' From weary chime to' chime," (or rather we hope so). He had listened to the long and tedious debates; but more particularly had he listened to the tickings of the clock. His ears-strings had been strung to the highest pitch, and he anxiously waited for the ringing of the dinner-bell. Already he felt the gnawings of ,the worm within. It is a patent fact that an Englishmat is not always in the best of temper when his stomach is empty. He could smell the fatted calf in the distance, and hear the creaking of the corks. In this semi-sleepy, dreamy state, lie tells us "John knows where " we will complete the sentence for him the wine is kept: evidently referring to his butler, for we cannot conceive he meant Her Most Gracious Majesty's re presentative, Sir John Young. Others, "gammon to be asleep," and hie had his eye on "a feed" of whitebait, or a parliamentary pic- nic, or '"somebody that'll give a feed." The day is coming, but we can't say how far'distant, when a change will come over the spirit of.his dream, for he is evidently going--going-- going. The hands 'are pointing on the parliamentary dial-plate ,to his ~settingK sun. The liamrnmer is already up over the bell to strike: the last stroke: of his par liamentary career, and soon it will fall like the s!harp crack from a stockman's whip, and his constituents' Will have the extreme pleasire, of: singing 'a stanza or two from that well known song, "Thou art mone from my gaze" 