THE MIRACULOUS ZOUAV& The Ult ne» performir of minóles set mi lo have come to a premature break- down, which, however, WM the natural result of the intriniio weakness of bis design. It is by no miens an easy thing to work miraoles, oraren to obtain-a repatat on for the power to work them. Ambitions persons should take care to get ap the scenery properly, to provide the half -light which is favourable to optical illusions.' and ail dee iooeaspties for striking the imagination.. PoorJioob evidently plunged into the business reoklesaly, withoat considering his position. 'The faot that be was à Zaaave-which at first sight wai rather «gain»*, him might.perhspt have been tamed by skilful manage- ment inte a positive i»aio. It fi trna - that we ars little aoouitomcd to associate Zouaves with miracle!. Their usual réputation does not tend to sof tm the force of the common antithesis between saints and. toldiers ; and even a Papa! Zouave probably relies mi.ro open bayonets than bleastngr. Still there is umething piquant'about the contrast: the Zouave ¡a a high I j pioturetqne animal, and we caa perhaps more easily reoonoile ourselves to the pintare of a man working miracles in a turban and trousers of Eastern am pli tula than to the lame performance io the greasy black tait of the ordinary Biitish impostor. The great draw- back to ipirit-rapper«, eleotro-blologisti, and similar rognes, is their cloie external reiimhlance to pick- pockets. . And a Zouave approximate* closely enongb to the aheikh or dervish .to be effective to the Western imagination. Jacob, however, oarrisd with him a little too much of bis trade. Be teems to have con- tented himself with oaring his patio ta by a limpie military word of command.. Instead of scaring to some of the comfortirg noona pocus of modorn thanmatur gists about spirits, or electricity, or any other of the mysterious agencies' whioh are supposed by most people tb account satisfactorily for any poseible phenomenon, 'ho ordered his'patients to walk as a sergeant orders a recruit to step out. Indeed, according to the fallest «cooant we bate seen, he enforced bis «ords by an oath. . I This is obviously a deplorable failure ia arr. However ! groat may be the moiern faith io tba efOaacy of mili tary disoipliae-tho only part of onr soolal orJer which even Mr. Carlyle admits to be more, tb an a »ham-we don't yet believe that It can core paralyaii. Sach a demand ea faith muit be too strong sven for the nona lane. Jacob should have been modest enosgh to soslter bimaelf behind tome more accredited eonroo cf power. He should have sought bia magio formal* in some vo- cabulary already [respeoted by th'» pabilo.. Poiaib'yin some remote country district oe might have become a defender of the Oatholio faith, and have obtained the support of a few ignorant priests; in Silt Lake citv te migbt haye risen toemineneo ai a lieutenant of liric hatn ïoaog ; or in more civilised districts he might bare aeourtd the bucking of splrlt-rappcrs and their dupes. 'But to stand quito alone ia supportait; the faith that a cripple maj be cured bj the word» " Quiek marah V- was rather too crude a conception. The modus operandi- wai altogether too ooarse fore oritioal age whioh ¡milts apon calling in spirits even to reliase a joggler from ropes ; and when there is au oh a wide obaioe of supernatural machinery, it show« a discredit able arrogance or ignorance. The soeno of his labours was almost as ill-onoeon aa the speoial fellah by whose power be worked. There are plenty of weak people io Taris, as in most ¡other populations approaching two millions: but the spirit of Voltaire fs not quite so dead as it ongbt to be. and is st least equal to grapple with a miraculous Zoua/e, especially one who ls, so to apeak, a mlraole-worker port and simple, a joggler without one of the oonoealmenti to whioh tbe oleveiest coniurors condescend. And, Goally, the crowning fault of all was the attempt to work a mitaole on a li tribal. Tho idea ia evidently preposterous, lt ls taking a flight bojond that which any miracle-worker should at- tempt. Ghosts always appear at night, and to a single person; they have excellent reasons for not walking down Charing Orosa at noonda; ; and miracle mongers should take the hint. J£ irabala and Ministers, and pabilo men genorally inhabit a region whose atmesphoro they will Hod to bs siuga'arly insalubrious, Now, of all men in the world, a oorporsl of ZOUBTOS ought to have been afraid of a Marshal ; and the absurdity of selecting snob a patient al ruo, t suggtsta tho otherwiso incredible hypothesis that Jaeob munt ba weak enough to believe more or less iu himself. Wbenoo we fear that our vcrdlot must bi that he ia a strangely clumsy praetitioner, who does not gire sport enough to make bis doteotion interesting. < Poor Jacob, howover-for. we cannot help pitying so simple-minded a candidato for miraculous honours bal given ocoasion to various reflections. We are in- vited to wonder at the latent power of snpnitiliom belief which lurks evan in the oritle'l almoaphero of Paris ; to whioh we can only reply that it would indeed bo wonderful if there were any reason to isppcso that people's reasoning powers bad Improved ai fut as their knowledge. The old auperatitioua edifices have been destroyed, bat tho aritioal toola have been used by ooanparativ ly few hands, and their uae ha« not aa yet becemo ooarnoo. Of a hundred pooplo who know that witohoraft ii an obsolete piece of noniente, not ten could appreciate the argumenta «gainât it, or detect asimilar delusion arrayed ia a modera d«ia; The brat we oin expeot for the present ii that mob Illusion! may , be speedily chtokod ia fajare, not that they will flu« a toll BBprapaTad to receive (heat. Other weeds ?*»*' [ been eat down, bat the gronad ii nearly at fialtlul a* ^Another queiUon, wMob h «a bein inigesM by moro intelligent «riten, leiroi to imply that the progrès* made even: by eduoated minda towards a baaltby inoredelity ii Ina thin might hate been experted. It ia, of ooaree, lally admlti'id that J .cob fa an impostor, and rather ' a poor impes or : but tbii iciptioiim Is grounded partly on tho fact that hil miracles ??.only reported by anonymous correipondenle, and indeed br penen» of the penny-a lining charao'er. Snppoie. it la aa'U, that half a dosen impartial men of silence bad rwponed in faTour of Jacob, what uaght we to believer If the mirror be that ve ought to be convinced by them, it would leem that ear belief in the general uniformity of the order oft at ore-it» freedom, that ir, from mere wanton mterraptioni- might be upiet at any time by the testimony of half a doxon witnesses. - And yet it seems tobo implied, on the other hand, that; we should find it ven hard to refuse belief to inch " a combinitlon. If Professor Tyr dall, for example, were converted by the Zouava immediately aflor writing a late art Ide in tho Fortnightly, denying the possi- bility of miracles, ought we nob all to become Zouavltes T ; One answer would be that, ss Zouaves r-ever do and never .will work miraoles (understanding of conrao the purely arbitrarily miracle, connected Wieb no religious system) there will never bo any trnetwo'thy testimony io favi.ur of them. IF, thor* ; aix soitotifio men caa never, nuder any cironmitance?,. assert falsely tbat (boy have «sea '» Zouave work miracle!, they witt never make the assertion'at all, and* . he case will not ooonr. If it is rxjiiib'o that six; scientific men should tell inch a lie, it moat be reaior.--. able to disbelieve them. Whether the suppoetd false er mistaken testimony oan occur or net, is more than-; we iboold like to say; bat in kuy cue there will be BO ' real dilemma. Whether it ii in faat.Vpoteiile that sixt. Professor* should combino to tell o-lie ii a question which we had rather not answer.. Howevir, te waiver ; i his' argument, let us eoppo-e that lix Professor Tindalls deolared that they had »eon tba supposed occurrences, that they had heard the Zoutve say "March!» and seen the paraljticv patients "ran dówn-itáira. What would bo' tho reasonable conclusion' Let na exolode. tba moat natural explanation of some imposition, and r be iure that the patients wen really ill, and real'y . cured, and cured by no other m.-ana. Then wa might, in the first place, lappoie that .the facts implied the discovery of »om« new law of natnro ; ai«, for example, that paralysis wat more und-r the inflaeneoof imagina- tion than had been supposed, or that the sight of red troueen »nd turbans t xerciied a spcoifio effect upon, the minds cf paralyto patient». This ii, cf coorie, wildly improbable; bot if wo did rot donbt the facts it would be the most reasonable hypothesis left. There are mo.-y natural laws eipeoially in medical matten, still unknown to ni, and this might be ono of thom. The seale of belief1 is weighed down on one side by the enormous a priori improbability tbit enoh a itrauge law could jos«Ib!y exiit in spite ut' its total unlikeness to all we know from phenomena hitherto observad. Si ill it would be doubtless possible to imagine a sufficient weight of testimony to overcome a diibelief whioh itself' i reit» upon the testimony of previous observers.. : Whether »ix professors would be enoagh miy be donbt* fol. but if. we took sixty br iixhnndied we might doubt, less scoamnlate nt hut a sufficient weight to over» : balance oar incredulity. ; Suppose, howoTtr, that on farther observation eveav [ thia hypothesis wero excluded. It ie diffioalt, if not itoposiiblo, to imagine how it could be doue; bat wo will assume that the choioe finally lay between at. miraple anda disbelief in the veracity or competence of the witcesatB. Of conree, if tho miraolc were worked in support of a religio» whioh otherwise commended itself to our minds, tho difficulty of aeiepting lt won'd dis- appear. In that case, as Mr. Mill bas observed in bia Logic, a suffioient ones is brought into operation. It' it is reasonable to believe in tbe interference of av being of eupenataral powers, there is no difficulty ia' accepting Ibis or «ny other wetl-an bentlrated rairao'e on evidence which would satisfy es in otbor oases. 'ID.' abort. Paley's anawsr to Horse wonld apply conoln sively. Britta the supposed instance there is no pretence^ of the kind. We are asked to bolie»o ia a gratnitoaa miraole-in the power of a Zonave to suspend the re- lation of cause and effeot hy the almete action ol bia will. And in this case Hume's soeptioal argu- ment will apply, for we thon admit, lo the pirtlcular iusUnoe, tbe troth pf the assumption upon whioh ho proceeded as holding generally, namely, that no irregn« lar interférence by a power ont* of tho natural order' takes plaoe. He tried to prove, and as all Christians beliovs, failod to prove that we oenld never reasonably believe in snob an interference, and that proof h essen- tial to bis argument. When tbe assumption ia admit- ted, however, in a given osso, his inferences are logical enough. Oar belief in the uniform order of nature ls so strong that no evidenoo could bo strong enough to substantiate the ocotrrresce of a> capricious departure from it in a single oasp. Tba opposing indnetiou is too cjmtilete and ex'ensive. lt ta true that it rests ultimately upon expérience,' but tte experience is indefinitely wide and complicated.. To ase our fermer illustration, the scale of unbelief ia» now weighed down by anon an enormous weight that wa cannot sufficiently load the opposite soale hy any" number of Professors. Before, we had to raise many tons in one seule by filling the other with nnnoes. Now I wo have a weight like that of the o ir th itself to ba ! raised by tbe same means. i It ú conceivable, indeed, that one still strone« casa ' might arise. We may suppose tbe scale not merely weighed .down, but actually fastened by irremovable bond) to the ground, Suppo'O that any number of mea swore that they had Boen two and two make five in a ? particular case. If tbis were eo, we should apparently * have no alternative bnt to believe either that every body oise was mad or that we were mad. To stale tho h j no thesis almost amounts to supposing that the whole order of things is changed, and very perplexing resulta may happen frjm snoh suppositions. Fortunately,, they are not likely to be tried in p'aoiioe. Meanwhile... though this lost case may dilT-r indefinitely from the> preceding, they ootno practically to muon tho same ' thing, jost as it mattera little whether a man tries to raise the Great Kaltem with Lil littlu finger er to rail« the earth iteelf. Whotber there ii an; snoh difference ' between them-a difference of kind as well as af degree _ ia . mn)«nñvaliml unMtlm flrhinli fnrf ilnaOlv dona - notopplT to the preient dlsonislon. -Satur dc; Rôtie w« ExrnAosDtNABT WALKINO MATOS: FOB £100.-On Ootober 7, one of the fastest ten- mile matones on re« oort! took place at the West London Pedestrian Groaad, Old Brompton. The mitch was lietween G. Davidson, of Hoxton, and J, Stockwell, of-Camborwell,. who bad been long matohrd to walk tho above-named! distance for £50 a-side. . Both young mon «re weil known in pedestrian oircles. Dividion ls twenty three years or age, and steads 5feet OJ inches; and Stockwell is a year older, and in height is 5 feet 7 ioabos. Betting was In favour of Davidson at slight olds. The ground is exaoily a quarter of a milo, round, consequently they had to traverso it forty » Innes to complete the ten miles. They started at twenty minutes to five o'cl-ck, Davidson taking tho lead, walking the first mi'o in 7 minu'os 4 seconds; when he was twenty yards abend. At thu end of the ?eoond mile Dividion had. increased his lead, 14 minutes 26 seoonds having now eUrsed. Three miles wore completed in 23 minutia fiscoonds, Davidson being now at least fifty yarta io advance. Before the ead of tho fourth milo, Stock woU, by a dospotate spurt, cams right ap to his man, and passed him in the back stretch. He continued ¡«.front for. two laps, the time now, being SI minutes 25 seooads. Davidson thea dosed upon bis opponent and flni.bed half the distance (five miles) In 89 .minutes S3 eecoadi, and was tea yards ahead. Stockwell made many most strenuon« endeavours subsequently to d-.oreaso the distança bntween them, - but without sticeess. Six miles oc- cupied 47 minutes 32 seconds ; tba seventh, 66 minnies IO scoondi ; the elgbtb, I boar 4 minués 25 seconds; the ninth in I hoar 13 mit.a es; anlth whole dfstanoe In I hour 81 minutes 23 seconds t> Stookwoll wai ld seconds in the rear, lt was acknow- ledged to have been ono oftbe quickest and unqueitioD«. ably the fairest heol- and-toe matobèi ever witnoued EKPLOÏUKNT OI' WOMBK.-Slnao the war. females are being largely employed in the South, where moa. were always to ba found, aud, bo it said to tho credit; of tho .' tender gendor, ' the omployirn aro well satis- fied with tho ohango. Wc nro glad to soe our young women ¿thus making themselves useful membors of society, lt is rigbt for them to Inorcaie the number of producers, and lessen tho consumara, provided,always, that tho employment be fitted to thiir lex. Wo do not wish loise them " worked'1 as they are la som« ports of England and Frunce ;. hut thoy should ba afforded more opportunity of earning a livelihood, and American Paper, There ere over two thousand Oatholio inarches, in tnt TJoiUd BUtes, 