TUESDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1867. EVERY ono desi ous of seeing political institu- tions working harmoniously in Australia, must bo glad to learn that there is at last some prospect of tho long quarrel between the Upper nad Lower Houses of Parliament i n Victoria hoing brought to a termination, if both parties aot with common sense. A late numbfa'r of the Argus, brought by tho City of Adelaida OD Sa tn rd .13-, has a paragraph on tho subject commencing thus :-" Thcro is eaid to bo a growing disposition among mem- bers of both tba Council and Assembly to arrive, if possibla, nt some under- standing, whereby the present uncom- fortable crisis may bo terminnted." It must not be supposed that thia matter con- cerns the colony of Victoria only. In Sydney also wo have bad some speoimens of tho intolerable claim-* which the irrespon- sible branch of tho Legislature may set up to the power of tho purse, and it has required no small amount of resolution and perseverance ou tho part of tho Ministry of the doy to resist those claims. Persons who have not been in tho habit of thinking deeply on poli- tical subjects may be disposed to treat a matter of this kind lightly. They may think that if a certain sum of money is to bo levied . by taxation, or voted away, it is of no consequence whatever willoh House of Parliament origit ates ? the vnto or claims tho greater nuthority to pass lt. But this is a very narrow way of viewing tbe subjeot. The jealousy with which tho repre- sentative branch of the Legislature regards tho administration of tho publia funds bas been proverbial in Gieat Britain for generations, and it is ne t without g'od reason; because, when once a' precedent is admitted, and thc othor House is allowed an equal power over money votes, it may be very long indeed beforo thc evil can bo remedied. And in the meantime thc people of the country may have thc mortification of seeing their taxation dis posed of by an authority in whose nppoiutincnt they have had no voico what- ever. These are tho reasons which have pro- longed tho quarrel between tho two Houses in Victoria, until it threatener] to become almost as enduring ns the Ware of the R06O8, or the feuds of the CUJPULETS and MONTAGUES The difficulty there was complicated hy the fact that tho Melbourne Legislative Council is elective. Tn thc caso of ft Chamber, tho room hors of which are nominated hy thc authority of tho Crown, any olsint over thc public, funds is so manifestly repugnant to reason and jus tico that arguments innumerable spring up against it. Even iu such a case, however, we have seen that the claimants have been resisted with difficulty ; but how much greater must that difficulty be when the Üppor Houso is able to plead eleotivo au- thority ? The members of tho Victorian Legislative Council aro clouted upon a high monetary qualification, and oaunot then-fore bc, iu any sense, considered ns representatives of the people; yet their election has (,'iven them a vantage ground which they have used to some purpose, and tho Government timi the Assembly Imvo had to resort to expedi- ents ot' themselves objectionable, in order to overcome tho reBistuncu with whiuh their measures have been met This has, os migh have been expected, caused still greater oppo- sition ; so that tho colony, for thc last two year?, lias been in a stufe of obronic Parliamentary révolu ion, presenting to tho rest .of Australia by no means n desir- able example, ana to obsorvo elsewhere a speotaolo not free from scandal. It is satis- factory, therefore, to learn, til ut there is some prospect of this warfare coining to nn end, and of tho. two MOUBL> burying tho li it chet, and oiio'e moro smoking tho pipe of peace to got her. . . The last conflict, ns will bo remembered, bud rofercnoo to the Tariff Bill, which the Assembly at first insisted upon in- cluding . in tho Appropriation Bill. I'll nt dispute was at last satisfactorily adjusted, but a now quarrel has lately arisen oitt of I bo proj-osed voto of £20,000 an a gratuity to Laily DARLING. Whatever tuny have been said of tho position taken up hy the Oouncil on the former occasion, they buvc Eometning in tho sb rt po of argument to defon J it now. Kir CHARLES DARLING bas been compelled to relito from tho publio Ber vico. Ho IB k nown to bo in bad beal th, and his toauniary circumstances-are «aid to beat so low aa ebb Hui ho lias Lad .to itSto LU children from school for tho purpose, of retrenching his household, expanses.. And,T BII . this ead, reverse ofc fortune has occurred*" ^Deea'u«e he zealously jerformed what ho oonsiderod, to. bo his duty as a constitutional ¡ Governor, in strictly following tho advice ten-; dered to him by his responsible Ministers,1 who had repeated opportunities of convincing'' him that thoy possessed tho fu 1 oonfidenoo of; the representative Chamber. In maintaining tho rights and privileges of " tho Commons" he not only rendered a great political, service to Victoria but he exhibited an oxample which may yet be of great value in other Australian colonies, lt is truo that, as the conflict grovv warmer, and th« claims and assumptions of tho Upper House grew moro and moro provoking ' and unbear- able, tho Ministry wcro constrained to advino a course of eouiluot wi) i ob passed the bounds of a Governor's pro- per authority ; but the situation was ono of extreme perplexity, and overy allowance must be made fur circumstances quite out of tho ordinary run. Tho people of Victoria would be coverod whioh disgrace if tley left this gentleman, figuratively speaking, to starve because ho stood hy them and their wishes at tho risk of his office and tho loss of his status as a claimant upon tho Government. But, independently of the peculiar circum- stances surrounding the ense of Sir CHARLES DARLING, the old question again arises what right haB tho Council to interpose for the purposo of defeating a money vote of the Assembly? Tho present ease is a striking illustration of the mischievous tendency of sunh claims, for the opposition of the Council now is not merely raised for tho purposo of assertion a Parliamentary right-it is exer- cised with a distinct political object. Tho members of the Upper House were of course enraged when Sir CHARLES DARLING took part wich tho Ministry and tho Assembly against them, and thoy havo now souuht to punish them all by withholding their assent from tho vote which is intended to compen- sate him for tho penalty that he incurred on that account This design of political vengeance has now, however, it is said, been abandonod, and the Upper House is reported to be willing to pass tho vote if it be submitted (iv approval in a so pura to form, lt must be admitted that this modified opposi- tion lins some show of reason to supportit, and we cannot see any good that would result from nu obs'inate resistance on tho part of tho Assombly to tho terms proposed Tho case stands thus : "When tho TuriiF Bill wns in I'luHed in tho Appropriation Act of 1865, and 18G6, and the Council refused to pass it in that form, the contest was ultimately ended by the Assemby sepirating tho two measures, whioh were then passed into law But' even thea tho Upper House tnado strong objections to the preamble adopted in the Appropriation Bill, although they ultimately accepted it. That preamble set forth that tho Assembly had "resolved to grant" a certain sum to her Majesty ; and as this a-serted nn exclusive power on tho part of that Chamber, tho Council contended for the substitution of the words "determined to vote." Thero can he DO doubt, bowever, that tho olaim set up by tho Assembly on that occasion was constitu- tional and just, and its members did well to adhere to it There can bo no power ou the part of any political body sovo that which is elected by tbe mass of the people to vote away the people's monoy, and such a vote on their part is really and substantially a grant. But' now the sum of ¿£20,000 for Lady DARLING is i eluded in tho present Appro- priation Act, which bos tho same objection- able words in the preamblo-"resolved to grant;" and tho opposing members of tho Upper House, abandoning their extreme repugnance to tbe gift itself, complain that it is attempted to bo mado in a form which asserts exclusive power on tho part of tho Assembly to mark in a significant manner thc opinion of tho whole colony upon a vexed political question, and at tho samo time to record a censure against tho Legislative Council for its former opposition to the proceedings of Governor DAIILINO. It can hardly excite surprise that tho Uppor Cham- ber feols indisposed to swallow tho lock thus presented; and so it bas hupponed that, through this dead lock between tho two Houses, tho public service remains unprovided for, and tho Appropriation Bill is tossed from ono Chamber to another without making any further progress. Moro than ono con- ference bas boon held; and tho final pro- posal for an accommodation is that tho grant for Lady DARLI Ka should be taken outof the Appropriation Bill, which tho Counoil will thon pass, giving at tho samo time an implied promise that they will assent to tho vote of .£20,000, provided that it bo made ia a ecparato bill, with no preamblo asserting nn exclusive right; on the part of tho Assembly. Whether this morc^modorate demand will be complied, with or not remains somewhat doubtful. The two leading journals of Mcl bourni, however, appear to have nailed their colours to tho mast, and give out that therJ can be no further surrender. Tbe Ago says:-"Thc Assembly is bound in tho present contest to carry two points-to »ecure tho DARLING vote, nnd to repel tho attempt of the Legislativo Council to over- step its' constitutional limits by insisting on the Assembly doing that which it was incnpahlo of doing for itself-altering a' Money Bill." By this " altering" is meant tho élimination of tho grant to Lady DARLING; and.the sanio journal adds: "If the Assembly-cnn induce tim Uppor Mouse to pnBS tho DARLI Na voto in tho Appropriation lilli, it m ny very well loare tim future to tiilto caro of itself, and diso aim any intention, through this vote, of settling tho relations of the two Houses for nil timo.'' Tho Argus, on the other hand, referring toa récents, eeoh of tho Attorney Gcnoral, makes tho following ivmnrks;,. ''He still holds that tho vota to Luly DARLING is something moro" than a mere pecuniary gift to a particular person. Ile rjgardB it ns a grunt made upon a well undeistooil consideration. The nature of that consideration is Blieb that if tho Oounoil accost it they must fall so low, both in their own estimation und in that of tho publie, that their final oxtiuctii n is only a mutter of time. If thi-y pass tho Appropriation Bill with the vote of censuro anti tho usurping preamble, they can never, as their opponents foresee, reject, or at least continuo to nj cut any other proposal. To paes tho bill under protest is too glaring an absurdity to dtBervo «erious discussion. If the bill be «noe puBBed, Mr. M'OoiiiiOon and Mr. ITIOINBOTIIAM will allow (ho,Council to protest tor over." 1 Such is tho prosont state of this" very pretty quarrel." Considering ^hat tbero have been faults on both sides : that both Houses' have so mo reason in their arguments on tho prosent occasion, and that while they are squabbling aver words and forms tho intendod rooipient isa ruined man, arid badly in want of thc rooney, the most sensible uud the most generous course would bo to put tho grant iu a separate bill at once, and got the matter over. No rights of tho Assembly could bo compromised by suoh a proceeding, for it would by no means delcare that a special grant might not be included in any future Appropaiation Act. SDTREJIE Coom,-BUSWKÍB PCB Tn is JXtr.-In Equity : litfortí his Honor the 1'riniarj Judge, at ll o'clock.-Motions and Petitions. -Jenkins ». Mityd and another, motion fortlecieo; Holdsworth v. Drtnan. hearing. Master B Oflito.-At 10.30 -O'b'arrcll v, At'ornoy-General, report; Prince anti others v. Dody and others, to lix peremptory day for defendant'« eo'icitor to bring in costs. At ll a.m. Re Hellyer ex putta Druitt, retereuco fioni l'rothonotary. THE LATE MR. THOMAS ROSEBY. - A funeral sermon was preached, on Sunday evening last, in memory of Mr. Thomas Roseby, by his friend and fellow-labourer, the Rev. N. Pidgeon, in the City Mission Chapel. Sussex-street. A very large congregation was assembled on the occasion, a testimony to the effect of the long continued and devoted labours of the departed. Mr. Rosebv emigrated from the north of England in 1841 and, after a brief stay in New Zealand, came to Sydney in 1842. Shortly after his arrival he joined Mr. Pidgeon in the work of street preaching on Church- hill ; and thenceforward for nearly twenty-six years these two earnest city missionaries continued their combined labours for the good of souls, until the co- operation was suspended for a season by the death of Mr. Roseby. Mr. Roseby was distinguished by a com- bination of intense and perennial devotion, cheerfulness, and philanthropy. Such an example of overflowing happiness, gratitude, and Christian zeal, was a power for good in the wide circle of his work and influence. For some years past, Mr. Roseby had retired from his business as stonemason, near the railway terminus, which he handed over to his son, Mr. John Roseby, and gave himself entirely to the work of a disinterested Home Missionary. Not long since he made two mis- sionary tours, up the Hunter District to Murrurundi and through Illawarra. He will long be remembered, wherever he has been known, as a faithful and inde- fatigable evangelist. One or his sons, Mr. Thomas Roseby, having oompleted his studies at Camden College, is this week to be or- dained as a Congregational Minister; another, Mr. Samuel Roseby, is public school teacher at Gunning. BAPTISM. - A very large concourse of spectators assembled ot Mi°«jiinrie Point last Sunday afternoon, to witness tho piblio immnraion of a candidato for adult baptiem.by the Kev. J. J. Westwood j in faet nearly two thousand persons were present. Aftor prayer, and oihortulion tha ceremony was duly per formed, »ml tho numerous crowd retired enfely with- out any material accident, though virious minor mishaps occurred during tho -ervice ; and one person, the wlto of a snull tradesman, who cnnld ill ufl'>rd the lois, had her pneket picked or by pome means lost neaily forty pounds in gold. Tho unfortunoto woman did not mi«s her mnnoy until aho proceded part of the way towards her home tn George- street. "VlriT TO TUB EooTHEttN LAOOONS.- A Inrgo party of la Ilea and gentlemen, amongst whom were his lixci Heney tho Governor, Air. Martin, ¿Mr. Wilson. Mr. Docker, and Mr. Uyrnes, went up th« Houthern lino hy special train on b'aturduy to visit the lagoons near Pic- ton. The train stopped nt about ^ven mile« b-ynnd Pic'on, w'-'ere tho party .-illglitoi and walked to tho nearest ligoon,'which i» known by tho native name of < 'ooradjjery. Some surprise wnn occasioned »n i t s being learned that this lagoon was a milo and n half in length, and that its nverngo depth wus twenty feet. Louts were provided, and tho party mudoits way totho opposite aid.', aü.iut a inilo lower down. Hera a froe selector waa found t> lmvo o?taWished himself at tho base of tho nwnnUin, hivlrjf conditionally purchased sixty acres ia this secluded sjjot immediately nfK-r tho pausing of the Crown Landa Aliónanos Act, of whioh six had hoon turned into a garden abounding with pe»ch, apple, anil other fruit trees, li-sidis a variety ot vcgcl.ol>los. Tho settler, it a^pe^red. nnfeesst-il a numerous family, hy which ho is assisted in tho minngement of bin little settlement, »«hero bo hus about thirty head of horned cattle, und a few horse!. Hts home H toad was a model of neatness a*ul elicited bucomiums from the whole of tbs pirty. After the adjacent hills had been explored tho porty obtained refreshments and returned as rhey hod conto to tho railway e.irrinjjo, by which Ihey reached Kcdfern station at about 0 jun. Wo be'ime that. Mr. .\pnl-.\ MP., and other gentlemen from Sydney, examined the Coorndgory Lube a abort time ago «i ti a viow to tho increased supply of water thought to ho necessary for tho citr and tubmh.* bein;; obtained from it, and tint tiny wore favourably impressed by their ex- amination. RerAb ViCTORtA. TIIEATBC.-3r>. James Andorfion spponretl at Maubethoti Saiurday night la>t, and a v:ry largo audience assembled to wilma* bis impersonation of th") character. It ls almost unneieseury to en\ that Ur, Anilcr-on'd rlTaitj were crowned with brilliant aucce's, and his fine neting rewarded with applause of tho nio.it enthusiasm character. His rouOeriug of tho part is ono of tho moat completo oier witnojsod, ami lu sume pointe-and tho¿o too, perhaps, tho best kn-iwn - gave sui-h efleut to his words aa to elicit tho approbation of nil present. His impersonation of JInehith is probably moro perfect aa n whi-lu than aro »onie of bia other characters ; and from tho moment tho thought nf murder is fixed upon his mind tin* audience perceive that nippiness and quiet aro forever strangers to Uacbe'.h. Tho well- known dagger foli'oijuy was ilnoly delivered, and the cliallen^o lo Uanqila's ghost as full of fm tul dining ns it waa pos- ts ble for words to convey. lu th > final scenes of the play tho talent of tho actor wan «Iso con- spicuous, and formed a fitting climas to his .«¡sit ta tt.o pit of Acheron, whero learuini; hy tho worst, means he considers himself invulci ratla to one of woman boru, un'il with ihe courage of d.-cpair he straylea against his destiny and dies unsubdued in epiri . Mr..Ander- sen «ros, dt course, recalled at tho end <.£ ina play to rccelvo tho heartily bi-stoHod approbation of all pre Bent. An opinion as to Ihe ni.uiiitr in which the character of iMncduff «as repro-entaii must ha left to tho thouulitful ri collection of Iluso who nitnesaed it, mid it will not easily lo forgotten. Mrs. Kobert Heir played thp part of Lady Mnulie'h with «rent caro and Joice, and rcprceemcd thia ditfiuult and. unihaultful character with a lire and energy seldom excelled, even up->n tho English stage. The music was, upon the whole, very carefully sung", »nd Miss Ka'o Corcoran uii't a Miss Laurino, u joting 1-idy m^kin^ her first ap- pearance, paiticulurly dis iugiii»lud llumicl>es¡ nor must wo omit to meutiun tho excellent einging oí Air. Stanley. Slr. Greville supported tho diame- ter of Hecate, and his finatuniB was. eviilnnt-v a " mullo H|>" for tili; oocasion, but did not oshibit bis usual good tasto in th eo mattera. The chief per- formers were tolerably well supported by tho mbordi ? ato members ot this stront» coin p i ny, uliboiigh, their memories failed them rather too frequently. Tbe tragedy was repeated with oven greater Bucceuti last night.-To-night Air. .Anderson aili appear tor tho lint and only time as Claude, üdalnottc, ia the play of tho " Lady of Iiyone." I fenoor. ot ARTI.-Trie ENOLISII GLEB AND BOB LBBCJUE tJt'KHA CoupANY.-A tolerably full room witnessed tho first performance af this company of singers, coneis'iuu of soma ot tho orignal Christye, « i'.h the addition to their strength of Misses Ijiddlo ned IJninilton, Nr. Linly Norman, a pianist of ({rest re- puta ion, oflloiatiug ns nccompnuyiet, conductor, and tolo player, ia which latter bis lalont is very con- spicuous. The rarious «leos, sonne, and comical! iee wt ro warmly applauded, and tho entertainment i altogethcr of a moro retinad and pleasant character than ir, used to bo when the physiognomies of the per [ormuDCo wero hidden beneath tliose.suits of sabin. Tho performance, ia likely to become very popular. TOE WoitLD CtrtrjUB -Aftor tho ordlniry perform- ances in tito chale, Mr. James Cooke produced the culcbrated spccUeleof ".Mazeppa." This »as d'n with »ll tho resources at Ur. Oooko's command ondtlte performance vms rcceivcd t broughout with acclimation. Mr, Gaiko bas also engaged the well known Jorry Blossom for tho last «ii nightsof hie stay in Sydney, mid by thia meuuB baa not diminished tho attraction of ilia tatottainraentr. ITEHO, JIEKTI.NOC, &O; , TO-DAY.-Annual Demon «tracion ot' Ancient Order of l'oret-teta nt 7 I1-m ; Meo'lng Committee of Homo Mission and Church Ex t>mion Sooivty of New hou h Wales Presbyterian Church nt 10"30 a.m. ¡ Election nf a Councillor/at Itedfern ; Balloting Meeting at Civil Sirrico Olnh nt 4 pm.; Heeling for Piactice of Civil ,'cívico Muejcal ooolety j Entertainment nt St. Mary's Liteiary -In- stitute, Balmain, THE MABONIO HAIL.-A large audienco patronised the conctrt given hy Mr. J. Hill, U.A.M., at tba ab< TO' room last Muht, althoiiili tho anplcasaactness of tho weather doubtless kept many nway. The programme included the performances of the band of the COth Itepinienl, eoiidooteil by Signor Gassner; sangs by Aladame Kellett'rmi] Mrs. Cordnerand Messrs. A. Fair- fax and G, F Jackson; wbilo Mr. Hill and Herr Coil' Schmidt doligbted their heaters by their splendid performance!) on tito violin and piano. Tho concert wa deuldnlly worthy much greater support than it received, r.lthnugh it was tinder the especial patronage. of fair John Young and his lady, PHIS-CE OF WALKS OPERA HOUSE.-After thp per- formance of the pntty comedy '* Faces in the Fire,'»" and which »na well played, tho latest Royalty in tho form of builepquo was pioduccd under tho title of "Black Eyed Susan," and proved perfectly successful,, as it abounds in excellent nnd witty dialogue, good dancing and sinping, augmented hy porno capital scenery, dresses, and decorations ¡ the principal ohnrao teis bein-r supported by M ¡PRO» Emily and Alica Wiseman, Mr. J. L, Hall, Mr. John Dunn, and Mr.. Tom Fawcett. Ol' thia perlotmanco we shall have occasion to speak o/ain, ACCIDENT AT GODLUDBW. -Ou Tuesday mornim; rt, horse and ciirtof Mr. J. A. Robinson's, «Inch had bun; brought by abey from hissheep-jard to the slaughtering; boase, situated on tho bank of the creek running through the grounds of thc pa'sonage, miracu'oualy ONCapfd being smashed into atoms, la the cart the ra wore voveral »hoon, and the boy apon arriving at tho bairne, jumped off the curt, when tho horse began back iou-, end hacked the cart and itself into the oieek, falling- a depth of Borne eighteen feet, the horse coming with ¡ti back on a log. Fortunately ther was not more than a foot nf water in the croek, or else a'l must have been lost bifore a-sistauce arrived, although immediately the acctdeut wat seen, Mr. Hatty's sot 8 and the mon engaged in the fur^o left theil work, ani were quickly in the creek extriotting the luirse Irum its very utily positior. It wa» not long before upwards of fifty men were collected, by whoa» help tle theep, cart, and hors« «ere brought up tn the bank. One of the sheep had Hs back broken. The thane of tbs cart and ibo harness were sroaabed, but the burse wag not in any way injured, and th's o capa now mik.B the animal doubly piiz-d, by its ovyie-r, as it has been in bis pisses» sion to' the last twenty-two jean.-Southern Argus, September 28. A Potpir FOB SALE.-For the first time within enr memory therein a pulpit to be sold nn Saturday i.ext.. The WYaleynn bod) am now renovating their chnroh iusid« and outside, auii amongst other improvements ate procuring a new and bun .some pul pit. The old oí-e will be very suitable far le.s prétentions ohurche« than thc ri newed Wesleyan Church wilt he, ai.d it has accordingly been ciinsinm-d to the hands of J, H. Gray mid Co. We ixfoct to hear Mr. Telford discourse eloquent praisoj f«nm it on Sn'urday. lt will be aa crt in his life to have knocked down a pulpit -Ovena Advertiaer. WOIIAM -LOST.-At Barnewartha and Indigo Crrek, a number ot i-ojrch pa ties «ere ont on .'?uneloy nnd ye«terd-.y, endeavouring to iliacover traces of a woman who bad wandered Irma bom» two or three days since, and who ia supposed to bu Just amongst the tarma ia that locality. Up to a l»to hour la.st evening nothing' aa to tho whareabms of the unfortunate person had' bien discovered, nnd it win greatly fe,red that somo thini: soiioua hud occurred, especially aa Brio ia said to bd subject to attacks of munis, vrliil-t suffering from ono of which ehe is suppo-cd to buve wandered away. -Ovens Advertiser, .-eptember 21. A remarkable specimen of tho seal tribe-a sea devil, was tirought tu Port Chalmers yesterday. It was CHU I tiKul oh ihe previous d«y on the sandspit at the Heads by Mr. Jume» Dingwall, » s-it'l-r. Jt measured eleven iori in 1 ngth, nnii han two flippers on eace sid« of tbs trail nto-rakling very mueh ihe twin.screw. It wa» loiter for its brea J th than the generality of thel'liocre, and ita fur apneand to be fiuer itt texture than com- mun.-Utago Times. r.AROE VIKLO.- Ve drear attention some weeks ago, t» samo fmo turnips grono by Mr, l'ato-i, at tbe Conoblas. Wo uro no* tn a position to stute that tho yield per acre reached the enormous quantity of 8J tons. Tho seed (Swede) «as obtained fr .rn Mr. James Dile but of tin-qn.uti tv sown pernera we arc not aware.-Weitem Examiner, September 28. A SnocttNO CASE.-Onr roadprs will remember that wereo^ntly reto1 roo to «onie midnight iirowlera, in the neighboti'hood of IJeimia' Mainland Culoola, by whom, several clothes In ei hud been atriplex!, and a quantity or weiring apparel taken a cl carried un ay. Un Wed« newltty tuommg.la?t hslween 1 and 2 o'clock, Mr. Samuel >vf. etina-., with a nuttier person dieooverod t«c boraea lied up in the hath near bis dwelling, and ob serving that me of the burses hld a saddle on and tho other a sack filled with woof to which tiro stirrup leuib'Td wer« attaotied, tl ey tl ought tho cironuistancos. v-ry kU«picioo*, nnd tabing possession of the horses they led them to Hr bweurtnan's re-idence. Fearing thnl thc owners ought bo hue&rangera.; Mr, Sweetman gave the horses in charge to hi- man tenant, and «eat to give the alarm to his futher, and ales seal to fcis brothor that all might ho on the alert. Wbi'e be wu a« ay b.-beard aaiigbt coioy from his leivant, and on hastening to the *pot nan- the beads of two females emeriti ng from thc crrek. Tbe leninlea were disgulced .nd pretended that they bad lost their nay ; they HISO claimed the bones. A light was brought and Mr. d. at once ¡dentin- d the gir's as being the obildien of a m in named lid» ords, rebidinitat CaLola anti as ono of -liera h»d been living ai a s.-rvnnt in the neighbour- hood, be knew t> nt th" tale ol' their being lost wes a potence. Hot her. fore detained them until the next meroin^, «ben he found from the traok ot their horses,, thai they had told falsehoods as to tho way they came to his place. Tho next day Mr. Sweetman, senior, MUD into .Bathurst and ibtained a tearoh warrant, and on goini! to Kdwaida' reaidence with tbe gblsBDda o natatile, a great quantity of articles stolen from diHr.retit pereonaat tUlfereut times, were discovered and dentin d. 1 be tiri» were taken into custody un th« otiarge of robbing, and the moiber was afterwards m rested far receiviim st« len property, and lodged in tho loot-up. The lather waa away nt ¡ba Lachlan with his teum, and hid been io mo timo away Irom home, tin Mond.y last tba prisoners were brought before the Daiioti and committed for trial, and on Tuesday they wera br ugh r, bi foto bis Honor Judge Cary. Mr, Chambers very anxious to preserve tho girls from a tris', on account of their youth, one of ! them being about snout Alleen ana thu other fourteen years o il. He tborelore sent a telegrura to Newcastle, and having ascertained that tbe punlio instigation lhere wa« un inri atrial school usé nut a reformatory, be d»i<i<led upon having tt e girls tent to that institution. Tbe motlier «as tried and lo. rid guilty of receiving the article-, lound iu the house, knowing ttiut they had been ? le uiiouely molsD.and wus Beutcnvoa to t»elve months'' h«id. labour in iUthurrt gaol. Thero were three youug eh'hlieu «Ith thc mother in ibedook, one an infant at the breast and tbe other two very young. The feeling o h rror iuuui£*»ted at tho ounduotot the moiber in thus tr.iiuing ber daughters to a career of crime, waa universal, and the announcement mida ty tho Crown i'leseoutor, that lbs girts w .uld be sent to tua indosirial .o 'ool, was received with great latislaolion.-Bathurst free Press, eepteaiber 26. Fo FABES EARTHLT OLORY.-Our correspondent writes: -Tlie king of Condonolin is nt prient tying in lim palnce a short distance from th» bush road that land* I mm Forbes to Thompson's lend. Tlie palace consists of two shouts nf b i-wood bark, one end lestinff on the ground and the other opun a polo laid horizon- tally intu the cronhets nf two Maltee. Tho aged sovereign ii extromoly feelile, ami bnl very faint hopes ore entert» nod by friends of lila recovfrj- although tbty all agree in 8»>lr.g »lint bo vt»s a very big man; und WÜB powerful, in a physical sense, in his day. Ho is surrooniled by soma nalf- deieu ol bis relatives, «ho- nre unremitting" in tieir attention* to Kin< Harry. During the past »inter ll ni ry lins pa<ecil tho most of bis time ia the neighbourhood of Forbes. The nume- rous subjects tba', ovined his mle whou the crown ar bolt devolved upon bira have been gradually passing away, until they noir amount to a mere bnndiul-*> Beere or more-nnd these, owing tu the influonoeB of ram, tabacco, and other civilising agouti will MOB < WcoPMflxtinot. -UfiBftll inning ««cordi 