THE GEOGRAPHY OF DISEASE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir, People have a hazy notion that there is a deal of mystery about diseases, but that they move (if I may so express it in certain well-defined orbits, and are subject to and are regulated by well-defined laws, enters I imagine but rarely into the logic of oven but a few. Yet, Sir, this is a fact, known and acknowledged by every medical practitioner, and the circumnavigation of disease, with a view to its limitation, and if possible its ex- tinction, is the science of medicine. I do not think the news that a new and terrible disease has appeared in Europe is at all com- forting, having regard to the sanitary condition of Melbourne ; neither does the absence of efficient sanitary regulations justify the hope that we have barred the door against the enemy. I think Sir, being warned by these visitations elsewhere, that we should put our houses in order. This is, however, everybody's business. Everybody agrees that something should be done to cleanse Melbourne, and put a stop to the filthy fumes which ex- hale from our every gutter ; but this pleasant unanimity leads to no result rather it appears to result in a vis inertia snoozing in Sleepy Hollow, where everybody is listlessly waiting for somebody else to do something, or for something to turn up. Some fine day, mayhap, our negligence may be rewarded by the onslaught of a malignant epidemic. We have no guarantee of assured immunity. Our sky may be genial, and the hot winds our scavengers ; we are, however, steadily neutralising the one, and proceeding to the extinction of the other. We are making the colony cooler, the air more moist, and making ready for what are curiously nicknamed " Providential visi- tations, as though Providence delighted in human misery, or that the curse causeless ever came. In Europe the geography of disease is well understood, the many cities are carefully mapped, and the very houses wherein diseases localise, like ghosts, for a time and then disappear, are separately laid down, so that a true scientific cordon is drawn as to the whereabouts of epidemics, endemics, or sporadic cases. It is now known that man mainly suffers from a due care not being given to the conditions which will assure his well-being-that men die of atmo- spheres charged with poison vapours, results of man's own neglect, which float along our thoroughfares and steam in the dewy air over our crowded town populations and when the pestilence comes, society looks with terror on the visitant, crowds the churches, cries out "0, Baal! hear us, forgetting that these evils never come without having first received from some plague-spot or other a cordial card of invitation. Preventive measure then is the grand remedy little understood, or perhaps believed in, outside the pale of medical science, still it is the sheet anchor of a nation's health. Benevolence, private and public, lavishly expend moneys annually in mitigation of human woes, yet how little is done to prevent those woes falling on humanity. Take this new disease (so called), the black death, which has sprung up in the mountain wilds of Ireland during the Fenian rebellion. This disease, doubtless a peculiar modification of most malignant typhus, what terror it has excited, yet how little is being done, save by the medical practitioners, to ascertain its cause, or prevention in the future and yet, this is every man's work overy corporate body of intelligent men, every man of education in our towns and villages is able to do good service. Apart altogether from the waste of human life, and the sufferings which so chiefly fall upon the working classes by the toleration of preventible diseases, and viewed only as a mere question of profit and loss, it would not be difficult to demonstrate that the outlay of many thousands per annum for the efficient cleaning and draining of Melbourne would be more than amply compensated by the prevention of disease, and the almost impossibility of any fatal epidemic establishing itself amongst us. Compared with the apathy apparent on every other hand, how commendable is the example of the council and the burgesses of East Collingwood. Here is a district, specially the home of the working bees of the colony, with a total income of not more than £3,500 from rates, with only 13,000 inhabitants, and a rocky substratum to blast through ; yet here we have a people voluntarily burdening themselves with a heavy loan of £15,000, increasing their rates from 1s. to 1s. 8d. in-the pound, laying down a splendid sewer (seven feet by four feet) twenty-three feet below the surface in some places, and no- where less than fifteen feet, in order to secure efficient drainage for their district. Will Melbourne copy this praiseworthy example ; or will a torpid indifference still prevail and if so, is it because Melbourne citizens chiefly live out of town, and care but little for the health of the city wherein they accumulate their princely fortunes? True, as a rule, exemption is obtained in a healthy locality ; but when an inroad is effected by an epidemic perfect immunity is impossible ; true, it is proved that the march of epidemics is regular as the " Post," and is direct to the unclean and close streets of the poor and the dirty ; true that in this course cholera and of overs track each other, and as a rule the mortality doubles in these localities to what happens in districts better cared for still, if the atmosphere of one locality is charged with impure matters, and an epidemic happens there, who can challenge the air currents as they pass, or the possible spot upon which the same person shall, as it floats along, next distil itself? The discussion of this question involves the use of words scarcely pleasant to eyes polite, and the omission of these plain Saxon terms mutilates the argument ; still, any discussion, though a very partial one, should be of service. Sanitary regulations should include the removal of existing evils, the prevention of new mischiefs, and the careful preparation for any contingent onslaught of disease. Every nucleus of evil should be eradicated unhealthy houses should be pulled down, the erection of fresh dwellings should be rigidly supervised, and the motto of the health officer should be "It is a great good to prevent an evil." I am your obedient servant. THOMAS EMBLING. 