TELEGRAPHIC. FROM OUR TELEGRAPHIC CORRESPONDENTS. WARWICK. March 25. THE last few days have been showery, accompanied by heavy thunderstorms. Great preparations are making for the reception of the Governor. Business is steady. SYDNEY. March 25. THE following are the sums which the Postal Conference has apportioned each of the colonies to pay by way of mail subsidy for the three routes, via King George's Sound, Panama, and Torres Straits : Victoria £50,000 New South Wales. 50,000 New Zealand. 50,000 Queensland. 24,000 South Australia. 14,000 Tasmania. 12,000 Total £200,000 The supplementary mail for England will leave at midnight. The Yarra has arrived. The schooner Pioneer has sailed for Brisbane. THE Florence Irving will take the Queensland mails to go via Panama on Wednesday. The post will close at 4 o'clock this afternoon for registered letters; for newspapers at 9.80 on Wednesday morning j for ordinary letters, England, Sydney, and Melbourne excepted, at 10 a in on Wednesday and for England, Sydney, and Melbourne, at 11 a.m. on that day. THE ordinary fortnightly meeting of the Municipal Council was held yesterday at the Town Hall. There was a full attendance. The most important business transacted was the appointment of the salaries for the officers of the Council during the present year. The salary of the Town Clerk was reduced from £400 to £300 a year, and proportionate reductions were made in the salaries of the other officers. A salary of £200 a year was voted for a City Surveyor and draughtsman, and Alderman Darragh tabled a motion calling for applicants for those offices. The motion for discontinuing the allowances made to members of the Fire Brigade was referred to the Finance Committee, with a view to their securing the assistance of the Insurance Companies in supporting the Brigade. THE Brisbane Philharmonic Society will give their second vocal and instrumental concert this evening at the school of Arts, and certainly if steady painstaking practice and careful re- hearsal will enable them to achieve success, they will obtain it. For many weeks past they have met once and latterly twice a week, and have practised the programme that they will perform publicly to-night ; and, judging from the final rehearsal that was held last evening, they have not only conquered their difficulties, but have achieved a proficiency that will go far to counterbalance the absence of the assistance they received at their first concert from Madame and Miss Carandini. The programme has been very judiciously selected, and comprises several choruses from Handel's Oratorio of " Judas Maccabaeus," and from the operas of " II Trovatore " and "Der Freischutz," as well as solos and duets. A COMMITTEE meeting of the Victorian Cricket Club was held last night. The business I transacted was of a merely formal character. One new member was elected. THE usual monthly meeting of the City Volunteer Fire Brigade was held at the Town Hall last evening. Twenty-eight members were present, and the Superintendent, as usual, occupied the chair. A letter from Mr. Bown, of Sydney, was read, stating the 250 feet of hose required to make up the 500 feet ordered, should be forwarded as soon as possible A letter was read from Miss Julia Hudson, offering to give a benefit on behalf of the hose and reel fund. The offer was at once accepted, and the arrangements for the entertainment were left to the Committee, with power to act. The Superintendent announced that he had sent an order to Sydney for a new length of hose to replace the one destroyed by Mrs. M'Grath at the late fire. Two officers of the Brigade were called to account for not having been present at the last fire, and gave as a reason that they had not heard the fire-bell, which was accepted as satisfactory. Mr. Watts, at this stage, remarked that in future no reward would be given to persons who ring the fire-bell in case of fire unless the bell is rung for fifteen minutes after the first alarm. One now. member was elected, and four others were proposed for election at the next meeting. Some conversation with reference to the action taken by the Corporation as regards the brigade ensued, after which the meeting broke up. YESTERDAY afternoon, as cob No. 42 was driving down Queen-street, near the Custom HOUSE, from some cause or other, the horses became restive, and commenced kicking and plunging. A man got hold of their heads, but the horses getting too violent in their plunges he let go, and they bolted towards Kangaroo Point ferry. The driver jumped out, and the horses, having it all their own way, ran the cab against the fencoprotcctingthe roadway above Petrie's Bight, The result was that the vehicle, an open barouche, was smashed ; the hood and back and box seats parted company from the bottom, which, together with the wheels, was comparatively little damaged. The horses plunged on a little further, and then fell over the bank They were then secured by the police and one or two of the bystanders, and released from the wreck of the cab. They appear to have escaped without injury, but of the vehicle the only sound parts left are the wheels and axles. THAT very admirable and useful institution,' the Lying-in Hospital, is, we regret to say, so destitute of funds at the present time that the closing of its doors is imminent, unless relief is afforded it promptly and in a very practical way. During the last three months some forty patients have been received into the hospital, and it is just now solely depending upon whatever sums the ladies on the committee can collect. There is not in the city, with the exception of the General Hospital at Bowen Bridge, any charitable institution having such strong claims upon public support as this has, and we scarcely think that the people of Brisbane will expose themselves to the lasting reproach which they would deserve were they to allow it to be shut up for lack of assistance. When Parliament assembles an effort most likely a successful one-will be made to obtain an annual grant in aid of the hospital. Until then it must be kept up as it has been established, by the generosity of the citizens. On the ladies of Brisbane especially devolves the duty of seeing that this institution is supported. When we use the term " ladies " we must not be understood to refer to people of fashion only ; we mean the wives and daughters, and sisters of artizans, Shopkeepers, and clerks, as well as those who occupy a higher position in society. We are well aware that the present is not the most favorable time for making charitable appeals, but the hospital must be supported, and its condition is now such that the matter cannot be too directly put before the public. THE change from rain to sunshine always has a perceptible effect on the various shrubs and plants in that most pleasant place of resort, the Botanical Gardens. Included in the list of those to be found in the gardens are specimens from almost every portion of the civilised world, and to note the consequences following upon any severe change of temperature or weather as regards them is in itself fit matter for not only the botanist, but of those who visit the garden for the purpose of of acquiring ordinary information. The seasonable weather we have recently enjoyed has had a most beneficial effect upon everything in the gardens. Although there are a few instances in which proof is afforded of an over supply of moisture, there are others in which plants from their rapid growth since the late rains, lead to the presumption that they were in need of them. The out-door shrubs and flowers are now, as a rule, looking their best. The tea promises well, although it has proved to be a failure in the sister colonies of the south. The coffee plants are rich with berries. Some rice, the seed of which imported from Java, was sown since the last arrival of the Hero, has shot up -wonder- fully-it is to be seen near the bamboo enclosure -and the huge leaf of the ears, which is also imported from Batavia, and is near to the row of rice, proves that it can be easily acclimatised to the soil of Queensland. The tapioca and the pink and white arrowroot plants are shooting up very rapidly, and afford great encouragement to the private grower. On the island, in the centre of the Bamboo Reserve may be seen in bloom the large native palm, and to those unacquainted with the peculiar manner in which the blossom shoots out, we would direct attention to it. Then there are other trees which, although far away from the countries to which they are indigenous, are growing most luxuriantly. The Brazil cherry, with its rich red fruit ; the there moya of South America, which resembles the custard apple is the face tree, with its large pendant fruit, vying in size with that grown in Java, where it is so plentiful and last, but not least, the delicious Chinese date plum. We may here re- mark that although within a month of its maturity, a large quantity of fruit from the tree last-mentioned has already been gathered by persons who, ignorant of its nature, pluck it either from curiosity or from some mischievous motive. There is also near to the house of the curator. The aromatic allspice tree, of which Mr. Hill speaks very highly. Passing into the nursery or forcing enclosure, where the most valuable and tender of the donations from other countries are housed, we found much to please us. The plants, from Batavia especially, are looking very well, having lost all appearance of their having been confined in a Wardian case for a couple of months. Among others are the sugar and other choice palms, the bitter bark, the gutta percha, the camphor, the clove, and the mangosteen. The last named, Mr. Hill thinks will not thrive further south than Rockingham Bay, as also the nutmeg, and two other specimens from Java. The mangoes is a magnificent fruit, indeed it is the great favorite of the Javanese. It has a very rich flavor, and if it could be grown in Queensland would be a most valuable addition to the dessert table. There are now a large number of Cinchona plants under a frame, but they are too young to be planted out for some time to come. Everything, in short, is flourishing, and to those who take the trouble to enquire, is open before them a field from which they can glean a very large amount of knowledge in reference to the shrubs and plants from which some of the most valuable products of other countries are obtained. The erection of a marble drinking fountain is being rapidly proceeded with, and when completed will be not only an ornament to the gardens, but a great convenience to visitors. " THE PIRATES LEGACY" was repeated last evening at the Alexandra Theatre, and was followed by " The Bride of Abydos." The Ghost Illusion was also introduced. Mr. and Miss 0. H. Burford, who have been expected from Sydney for some time past, have arrived, and will appear this evening in Washington Irving's drama of " Rip Van Winkle." Mr. Burford will personate the character of Rip Van Winkle, while Miss Burford will sustain that of Alice. THE programme performed at the Royal Victoria last evening was the same that was produced on Saturday night. This evening the " Flying Dutchman" will be repeated for the last time, and will be followed by The Windmill Man. On Wednesday "Damon and Pythias, or The Test of Friendship will be performed for the first time. THE following items are from the S. M, Herald's Melbourne telegrams. At the sale of Fisher's racing stud there was large attendance, and but few buyers. Angler was sold for 520 guineas to Mr. Hamilton, a Western squatter ; the Dane was bought by Mr. Keighran for 300 guineas ; Fishhook was bought in at 2800 guineas, and Smuggler at 900 guineas for Sea Gull 600 guineas was offered. She was bought in, and the rest were withdrawn. ENGLISH advices state that South Australian wine is realising from 5 to 10 per cent, over the prices of foreign wines of professedly equal ' quality. ACCORDING to the Melbourne Age, the com- plete union of the various Presbyterian Churches - in the colony of Victoria is on event the accomplishment of which appears to be only a ques - tion of time. It says several years ago, the greater part of them effected an amalgamation, which has > proved to be sound and lasting. This has since been amplified and strengthened by the accession of a few who held out at the first, and those still remaining appear disposed to yield in consequence of the harmony preserved by the Union Churches. The John Knox congregation in Swanston-street have evinced a great degree of caution with regard to invitations often extended to them, but they have at length given the matter their favorable consideration, and expressed themselves willing to receive proposals from the Union. THE Colombo Observer, of the 16th February, has the following in reference to the extension and improvement of electric telegraph communication :-" The old cable across the Paumben Channel has been found to be so . faulty that it has been finally abandoned. The new cable is working well, and the lines have been so much improved that, with half the battery power formerly employed, messages are now sent direct from Galle to Kcgapatam, a distance, by wire, of about 500 to 600 miles. The vast bulk of the messages despatched from Galle are for places beyond the Island and what with messages for India, Europe, and America, the receipts at the Galle office on the arrival of the last China mail were within a few pounds of " £370. The messages from China, Australia, or., are increasing at such a rate that it is probable the collections at Galle will soon reach £3000 per month." 