LOCAL NEWS. East Maitland Municii-al Council.-The adjourned meeting of this Council, to have boon held last evening, again lapsed for want of a quorum. Thore wera present the Mayor, Alderman Cains, and Alderman Chambers. Tho meeting was further adjourned till next Monday evening, at 730 p.m. Bush finns.-Since Saturday afternoon it has becu apparent that bush fires have been raging In the vicinity ol the town. From the hills towards the Sugarloaf huge volumes of smoke have been observed ascending to tho sky, indicating tho prcseuoe of fire lhere ; at Buttai a great quantity of fencing has been destroyed, and a number ol logs squared and ready for drawing into town, besides two or three bushmen's huts, have sucoumbed to the flames. Beyond Largs indications of Uro wero also visible ; and wo leam that between Hexham and Woodford considerable damage has been done by the same causo. The extent of the lires may be guessed by the faot that during tho whole of yesterday the horizon was veiled In smoke, and this circumstance has doubtless added to the excessive beat of the weather experienced during Saturday and Sunday especially. CRICKET MATCH.—On Saturday last, the Olli instant, a cricket match was played on the ground near St. John's Church, Newcastle, between eloven ol' the pupils of the Collegiate. School, West Maitland (the Kcv. W. lioyd's). and eleven pupils belonging to the Grammar School, Newcastle, which resulted In lavour of the former, with ten wickets to lall. On the termi- nation ot the first Innings, the players adjourned to the ohurcb school, where au excellent luncheon had been provided for the visitors, who expressed much gratification at their Uospitablo reception. The Morpeth Railway Line.-On Wednesday (to-morrow) one of tlio usual trains on this line-tho one early in the after- noon, between two and half-past two o'olook-will not be run. This is to give opportunity for tho completion of the repaired bridge on flic line at East Maitland, whioh was so much injured by the flood last Juno. . WEIGHTY SHEEP.—We are informed that last week Mr. Charles Reynolds, of Tocal, weighed, for curiosity, two ewes out of a common flock, and found that one, a Southdown, pulled down 194 lbs. ; tho other, a Leicester, 103 lbs. Both ewes mero unshorn, and each has a lamb nt sido. East Maitland Volunteer Rifles.—The first match for tbo Captain's Presentation Belt wob coutestcd on Saturday, tho 9th ourrcnt, by fourteen competitors, resulting in private James Fouls making the highest acoro. The day was unfavourable for shootings a strong and hot westerly wind prevented good aiming, and the firing was consequently very indifferent. As the belt has to bo won three times, there are two chances yet for thOBo at present unsuccessful. The Council op Education and the recent Meeting of Koman Catholics.-At a meeting oi ltoman Catholics on Tuesday evening last, disparaging observations wero made in regard to the conduct of some ol tho Public School Inspectors. In consequence of those statement«, the president of the Coun- cil of Education convened an extraordinary meeting ol' the Council yesterday morning. After deliberation tho Council decided upon sending two letters-one to lils Grace Archbishop Folding, and the other to the Klght Reverend S. J. A, Sheehy, VlcarUencrnl, inviting them to make any spécifia charges against any inspector appointed by the Council of Education in such a form Hint they oould be dealt with ; and assuring them that on snob specific charges being made steps would bo taken to have an immediate and searching investigation into the tacts so alleged,-S. Al. Herald* Xov. 8, The Weather and the Cnors on the Clarence - Farming operations proceed slowly, owing to tho dry weather', and ploughing seems to be suspended uuttl rain comes, Tho first planted canes arc shooting up vigorously -, also the early maize orop looks well.-C'tarence and Richmond Examiner, Nov. 0. Californian Wheat near Singleton.-We were yester- day shown by George Loder, E«q., of Abbey Green, a fine specimen of Californian wheat, grown on his estate of St. Clair. The ears wero heavy, well lUlod with largo and plump grain, and the field, of some aorcs, Is quito freo from rust. Alongside the Californian variety, stands a field of the common kind ol wheat, but it appears useless with rust.-Singleton Times, Nov. 0. Enforcement of the Towns' Police Act.—It will bave been observed that the twelve oases set down at the East Maitland police court lor hearing, on Friday last, were for breaohes of this Act, evidencing the devotedncBs of the pollco to their duties, at least In Hie sister town. Wo havo uo wish to lind unnecessary fault, or to GOmplniu needlessly ., tho West Mailland police, as a rulo, are sulllolently nttentivo to their duties to merit commenda- tion, but they confino themselves too entirely to tho more pro- minent streets and thoroughfares, The oouscquenoo Is that, notably in the Horse-shoo llend, horses and cal tie aro allowed ' to stray without check all hours of tho day and night, to ttio discomfort and danger of pnascngcrs, especially ladles s and, what has specially been remarked to us, bathing is allowed to so on within eight of houses ou every evcuing. It can scarcely bo without tho kuowlcdgo of tho police, and certainly no attempt is rando to stop it. We think it wonld be well if tho pence officers extended the cirolo of their duties. 1>istiuct Court; Notices or Jjefunce.-Yesterday morn- ing his Honor, Judgo Macfarlaud, animadverted on the practice which has sprung up in the District Court ol défendants filing vague and lusulllelent notices of defence Defendants not unfreqnonily lonvo in tho ollico notices of defeuoo, whioh simply consist of a denial of indebtedness, without in any way diaoloBing tho real grounds of defonoo, presuming any valid grounds of deronco to exist. A common form, ot notlco Is "Take notice that I Intend to defend tills notion." Ills Honor pointed out the great inoonvculeuoo and expenso to which plntntifTu wero put lu having to repoatedly attend tho Court, when the defendants had really no grounds of dcleiioe, but merely adopted tho expedient to eauso troublo ami delny, Ile wtBhcd the profession to bear lu mind that ho should in future treat all suoh notices as not worth tho paper they wero written on, and should dlsposo ot suoh eases ns if thoy wore undefended. A rulo of Court states that " when both parlies shall appear nt tho hearing, the defendant shall, upon the oaso being called on, stuto In open Court, the grounds of his defence" His Honor Bald that ho was resolved to prevent the evasion or Infraction of this rule : for ho was convluood that from the highly impropor praotlco to which he rclerrcd, great lnconvc nlenoe and hardship resulted,-8. Al, IkraUl, Nov. 8. West Maitland Volunteer Rifles.-A slight orror ocours In a paragraph respecting the parado of tho above oom Eany, In our itsuool last Saturday, which stated that nu order ad beeniorwarded to all tho other country companies to attend the rcoeptlon lu Sydnoy of tho Duke of Edinburgh. This was not tho oaso, but several members were loudly expressing their opinion that all the country companies should bo Invited to, attcud, aud that they should havo eulllotcnt notlco to enable thom to praotlco well tholr drill-a necessary precaution now that so many changes have been Introduced. Tho ohief item of dlssattsfaotlon, however, among ourgallant volunteers, was that they had not been Invited, as usual, to compete at tho Kitto Association matches in Sydnoy recently, willoh faot may acoouut for the olreumstanoo that West Maitland was totally unrepresented, although most of tho other country oompauics, having beon Invited, sent their ohamplons to compete Building Stone for Maitland Gaol.-Tenders aro in- vited by the Government for the supply of building stone for the Maitland gaol,-ff Anomalies in the Criminal Law.-The brief address which was delivered by Judge Meymott when passing sentence on tho lad Mason, the late companion of Thunderbolt, must have had a most salutary effect lu bringing the misguided boy to a sense of the fearful and humiliating position in which ho was placed. We have heard nothing delivered iu our court moro simple or more impressive than the few words His Honor uttered, and we are convinced they muBt have mado their way to tho heart of the unfortunate young lad, who has been more " sinned Bgalnst than sinning," it the statements In his petition for meroy may be relied upon-and undoubtedly they bear the stamp of truth. In connection with this lad's case, a curious anomaly in the criminal law has been pointed out to us. it was Impossible, we are assured, as the law now stands, lo give a prisoner more than three years' imprisonment, unless hard labor be euperndded. when it may be incieased to lifteon years, For instance-no one could receive a sentenoo of four years' imprisonment. If a longer sentence than three years is passed, hard labour on tho roads or other public works must be added, otherwise the sen- tence would bo illagal. The utter absurdity of the law in this respect ¡9 more manifest, when we know there is no suoh tiling in this colony os " hard labour," at least in nine-tenths of tho gaols, thore not being any means for carrying out euch a sen- tence unless at Darlinghurst or Parramatta, while the prison- ers ure deprived of advantages-if young, such as schooling and religious instruction-which they might derive under a sentence of imprisonment merely. A knowledge of this tact doubtless weighed with Judge Meymott in passing sentence on the lad Mason. He wished him to receive that instruction, which lie apparently stood so much in need of, and at the same timo to pnss such a sentence as would deter him and others from taking to the bush-, but the accomplishment of the humane and Christian desire In tho first instance was Incompatible with a heavier sentence than three years im- prisonment, as by giving four or five years ho must have added hard labour, and this would have frustrated the Judge's good intentions with regard to tim future reformation of the prisoner. Willi two Crown law officers surely this anomaly might be altered, so that justice might be done to society, and the prisoner also. Hard labour in our gaols is an utter taree, and while it remains so, why not assimilate the law to our present position. Wo iail to see the justice of limiting imprisonment without hard labour to thrceycars ; it must often tend to much inconvenienoo in the cbbo of prisoners of the ngeof Mason -Tamworth Examiner. [Wo linvo on various occasions heard tills apparent anomaly explained. Imprisonment with hard labour means open air restraint under constant surveillance of warders, whether work be found the men to do or otherwise. But a sentence of impri- sonment without hard labour, means constant confinement within the cells, excepting for a brief daily exposure to tho air in small enclosed yards. Of tills latter form of punishment men can endure a period of one, two, or threo years, but it is considered not much more, without permanent injury to health of body and mind. Of open air punishment men can endure almost any period, without Injury to health-except from the depression caused by hopelessness of over seeing liberty again, Ed. A/. FATAL ACCIDENT.—We have to record the death by accident of a man named John Saunders, aged forty-threo years, a free selector at Cooranbong, Brisbane Water. An inquest on tho body was held on Saturday, at Mr. James Quinn's house, Brooks' Flat, by James Thomson, Esq., ooroner for the district. The deceased was at the Wheat Sheaf Inn, The Oaks, Sugar- loaf, kept by Thomas Burke, on Friday last, and had some liquor there, in company with two other men; at about three in the afternoon the party left the public-house together; deceased was then apparently sober; after proceed- ing about two miles the deceased got off his horse, and his com- panions rode on; they never saw him after ; but another witness, Patrick Hayes, met him galloping violently in the direction of Brooks' Flat, and saw him after come in contact with a sap- ling and thrown to the ground. This witness assisted deceased into an adjacent house, where he remained till his death on Saturday night, at about half-past seven o'clock. It was known that the horse deceased rode was hard to hold, and it is pre- sumed that when be got on the horse after dismounting, the animal set off at a gallop and could not bo pulled In. The ver dict of the jury was "accidentally killed by a fall from a horse. Ferry over toe Dawson.-The loase oí the ferry over the Dawson River, at tho intersection of the proclaimed road from Wingham to Tinonee with the Dawsou Uiver, will bo submitted to publio competition at the polico office, Wingham, on tho 17th December next.-Gazette, A'ov. 8. Commonage, Muswell Brook.-Notices published In the Gazette of Friday, set forth the description of land to be devoted to coramonago purposes at Muswell Brook, and the boundaries within which freeholders and leaseholders will be entitled to Complimentary Benefit to Mr. W. H. Bent.-The Olyniplo Theatre, on Saturday night, was pretty well ulled, both In boxes and pit, on the occasion of a benefit to Mr. Bent. The performances were eminently successful, as was evinced by the rcpoated demands for enoores from the audience, and the enthusiastic bursts of ap- plause that greeted the efforts of the singers. Tho programme commenced with tho quartette. "Down in a flowery volo," pleasingly rendered by Miss Liddell and Messrs. Melvyn, Rain ford, and Norman, in which the various voices harmonized very beautifully. Miss Liddell gave equal delight by her singing of " The blind girl " and " I'll be no submissive wife ;" to the lattor her archness gave an additional charra. Mr. Melvyn, for " Kook me lo sleep, mother," and Mr. ltalnlord, for " Simon, tho cellarer," were each honoured with an encore-the former substituting the ever-welcome " Silver shlutug moon," tho latter the descriptive scena " Tho Desert." The second part of tho entertainment comprised Mr. Bent's negro eccentricities ¡ a duet admirably sung by Messrs. ltalnlord and Melvyn, which wo feel disposed to regard as the gem of the evening, this was " Tho larboard watch ;1' Miss Ltddell's song, " Jessie's dream," given with much pathos and effect; and "The Smoker family," a descriptive trio, In which Messrs. Melvyn, ltalnlord, nnd Bent were engaged. This trio consists of a vocal portion in which the Bounds of the various instruments of a German band are imitated, and a manual portion wherein tho move- ments of tho players of such various instruments aro suggested by theporiormcrs with wonderful celerity. Wo eau imagine that Mr. Bent spoke tho truth when, In answer to loud calls for an encore, ho slated that the exertion was too great to admit of it, but added, " Any lady is at liberty to kiss any of the Smokers if she pleases." Slim Jim and tho National Anthem ooncluded the performances, to the success of which the volunteer band contributed not a little. Murray Cod for the Hunter,-Our renders will seo by au advertisement elsewhere that a meeting is to bo held on Friday evening, the 22nd instant, at Mr. J. A. Shepherd's to consider the practicability of Introducing tho Murray cod Into the Huntor. The importance ot the subject will bo at once re- cognised ; and wo trust therefore that there will bo a good at- tendance, and that something practical will be done at tho meeting. A Novelty in riioToanAPiiv.-An operation in photo- graphy, which we have not before seen in Maitland, was shewn us the other day by Mr. Moss, of the Photographic Company, High-street. Tills operation is " photographing a ghost," ar- resting the ethereal, and fixing it on glass or paper. A shadowy figuro, through which the scenery beyond is distinctly visible, points with spectral figure at the affrighted speotator, and though the picture we saw was taken merely to give an idea of the principle, we can imagine that, with ghostly adjuncts and scenery to match, the result of a picture so takeu would bo weird-like enough to suit the preconceived notions of the most superstitious observer. Tho application of tho principle to stereoscopy is attended, we are told, with very pleasing effects, -pleasing, that Is, lu au artistlo point of view. The archdeacon or Oraiton.-The archdeaconry oi Grafton, New South Wales, has been conferred upon the Itov. J. W. Dampier, M A., Vicar of Coggeshall, under Bomowhat singular circumstances. Some days ago Dr. Sawyer, tho new bishop, was in Essex advocating the claims of his diocese, and in tho course of lils tour held a meeting In tho town ol' Cog- geshall. Miss Dampier, a daughter of the vicar, was so struck with tho prospects of Church work which tho now see of Grafton held out that she offered her services, whioh were accepted. The vicar said that though not a young man ho would accompany Ids daughter, and the bishop thereupon made him Archdeacon ot'Urarton. Tho nowly-formed party will proceed to New South Wales in the course of a low urns.-English Paper, Aug. 7. Obscene Language- At the West Maitland police court yesterday, John Shepherd appeared on summons to answer a oharge of having, at Branxton, on the 23th ultimo, used obsceno language lu a public place. Ho pleaded guilty, and was fined 10s, and 6». fld. costs. Constable Scully, who proved the charge, stated that defendant liad frequently assisted him lu managing unruly prisoners, aud In geueral attempted to pre- serve law aud order. BREACH OF TOLL ACT.—At the West Maitland police court, yesterday, Samuel Howell a carrier, appeared on summons, charged with a breach of this Act by obstructing IIWi street with his dray and bullocks on the 7th inst lip pleaded guilty, and was discharged on payment of costs 2s Gd Tolice Business -At the West Maitland police court j çs terdny, Messrs L D Day and W 1 Mitchell occupied the bench lhere wero ten oases disposed of Drunkenness and Disordfuly Conduct -At the west Maitland police court yesterday, James Skelton was brought up charged by oonstuble ¡scully with being drunk and disorderly in Branxton on the Oth instant He pleaded guiltj and was discharged.— John O'Hare, charged by the same constable with a similar ouXncc, also pleaded guilty, and was disehaigcd Both prisoners had to answer other ohnrges. Tailing to Account for Proi i im -At tho W est Mait- land police court, yesterday »Charles Salter was chnrged by constablo Nicholson with having in his possession a tomahawk, ot willoh ho could glvo no satisfactory aecount 1 he constable stated that the tomahawk was given to him by Mr Small, of tho Bird in Hand in the presence of prisoner, who enid he lind got it from Mr. Oxley, witness had enquired ol Mr Oxley, sen who denied the prisoner s statement 1 ho prisoner said lu court that it wns young Mr Oxley from whom ho got tho article, and the bench therofbro remanded tho oaso till lliurs day, to allow of Mr O *ley being present Assaulting a Constarle -At tile West Maitland polioo court, yestcrday, James Skelton stood charged by constable Scully with assaulting him in tho execution of his duty Ho plended cuilty, and was fined JOs or fourteen days Imprison meut Hie lino was paid by Mr Carroll, superintendent of the telegraph line, who stated that prlsouer had been in lils omploy si*, months, and ho had ne\cr boloro known him to be drunk or disorderly-lames 0 Hnro was then charged with n similar offence Constable Scully deposed that when lie had put tho abovo prisoner In the look up, tho presont one carno on the premises and snld " Why did you loot, this man up ? witness put prl«oncr oft the premises, nnd prisoner then struck witness several times about the body, witness wns obliged to knock him down to provent n lenetitlou of tho blows, Uo procured assis- tance, mid locked prisoner up Mr Carroll lu this o tse also testified to the ordinary pcaceablo oonduot of tho prisoner, whom he had employed for tho past eighteen months rho bench inflicted a Uno of 20s , In delimit ol payment, fourteen days Imprisonment The Hue was paid STEALING A SADDLE.—At the West Maitland police court, yestorday, Bernard O'Keeffe was brought boforo tho bench to answer a charge of stealing a saddle tho property of Mr W. H. Mullen constable Goold deposed thnton Monday morning ho charged the rrlsoner, who was In the look up on another charge, w Uli havlngBlolcn tim saddle produoed, prisoner donied it and also tlint he had sold it to Mr Brown of Campbell's Hill, for 20s.— John Hamilton, groom to Mr Mullen, identified tho saddle produced as Mr Mullen s property, ho lind last seou It on I ridny night on Saturday morning, befoio siv o clock, ho missed It Irom the stable , prisoner hail been in tho habit ol coming about tho place ; he was a tinker, and had mended some pots and an umbrella, ho believed -Mr Mullen also identified tho saddle as lils pi operty, ho valuod It at £5 Ile had seen the prisoner about the house on several occasions, mid ho believed ho had dono some work for Mrs Mullen.— Thomas Brown, publican ot Campbell's Hill, doposed that ou Saturday afternoon betweon two and three o clock liestuv prisoner below tho Long Brldgo carrying the saddlo on his arra, prisoner asked him If hu would buy It and wltuess enquired Ifhegotlt honestly, I prisonor said ho lind pmohased it lit a pawnbroker s salo for 8s und now wanted ¿Os for It i witness examined tho saddle, aud agreed to glvo the £1 ho believed, though vory much out of repair, that it was worth moro than flint, It was worth about £0g , ho believed prisoner was a tinker, lind seen him hawking umbrellas, and was told by prisoner Ulmsolf that ho was a dealer, ho thought that a mau would not openly display a stolon artiolo on his arm aud offer It for sale rho prisonor made uo statoment and was committed for trial to the (¿uni tor Sessions to bo held la December next Murder by Blacks in Queensland -1'ho Courier of the Stn instant oontmos the following telegram from taroom, datod November 4 - " lhe manager oi Bungaban station reports that a German shepherd named Grin» bftB been murdered by the btaoks ou that station at Mutiny Point, about seventeen miles from Taroom It is supposed that the murderers are in oustody at Bungaban. Qrina was tomahawked, his skull split, and his body then thrown into a water-hole, vbere it was found floating." 