"A REAL GOOD THING." Reader, have you ever speculated in racing Has it ever been your unhappy fate to take an interest in a prominent favorite for the Derby or Leger ? To scan with feverish anxiety the quoted odds in the papers of the day? I never could understand those odds. Why do the caterers for the better information of the racing world, whose lucubrations are honored with a place in the daily papers, give those tempting odds? Who ever could get them? I never heard of any one that could. You have a pet ontsider in your eye—he is well bred — his blood is unexceptionable—but he has never been out—is one of the'dark lot, in fact. You take up your sporting paper, and read " Thunder bolt one hundred to one offered"—it means simply that no one will lay you those odds. You go about begging for them; at last some public-spirited bookmaker says, as he has done a good deal of business with you, that he will, as a particular favor, lay YOU, mind, only you, fifty to one. It was only the other day I heard a gentleman ask a well-known layer of odds' for the quoted price about a certain animal; the bookmaker offered about one-half: "Well," says the gentleman, " the papers give so and so." " Ah," returns the bookmaker, "but then, you see, sir, the papers don't bet;" which argument being unanswerable, my friend puts up with what he could get. Well, this is a digression—faraway from " the good thing." I was about to write about—l mean " the greatest certainty oat" of the prophets, tipsters, et hoe genva onute, in whose breasts the milk of human kindness is so overflowing, that, for swearing filthy lucre.for themselves, they mag nanimously offer their patrons a fortune—ay, and such an one, too, as even Croesus himself might envy, and not all the golden sands of far famed Pactolns of old could produce—and all this, gentle reader—hold your breath, I pray !— for the modest sum of 13 postage stamps. Was ever such single-minded generosity heard of in days of yore? Surely all those who deny the noble nature of the British " tout," must be scurvy-pated knaves indeed! The auri sacra fames, that consumes the very vitals of the less virtuous portion of creation, is spurned with scorn by " Vates r of the English turf. Will he not forego a princely income for liimmlf his luxurious town-house, and cozy suburban villa, with its consequent entourage of subservient and flattering . friends, all for your benefit, my friend? Of coarse he wOl. Talk of the Gracchi, of Quintus Curtios, of that long line of heroes, whose deeds are chronicled in history's pages, who thought it "doleeet decorum pro patriamori'" —why, it is folly, downright sheer nonsense. What did they do ? Give their lives for their country's vreal? Sorely that is nothing, and sinks into in significance, when compared with the philan thropy of our modern prophets, who spurn the long odds, and wealth untold for themselves, in order that they may staff the pockets of the dear confiding British public; and then, too, how modestly they do it—actually for 13 post age stamps! Who shall say that virtue has left this vile earth ? " Ultima post omnes terras astra rdiquit,'" bat sorely virtue still remains amongst these hard-working, self- denying "touts "of the nineteenth century—" Fiatjtts titia, rout codum " —Well, how about the good thing? Did I not in an evil moment take up a newspaper, and read, "Mr. Piantaganet Jones, being intimately connected with the largest racing establishments in Eng land, is in a position to forward to gentlemen the certain winner of the Derby, now at good odds—for the sum of thirteen postage stamps— Mr. P. J., being satisfied that hecan have made no mistake, asks only a nominal sum for his" advice, and relies on the honor of his patrons for a liberal percentage on winnings." Surely nothing could be more plain, straightforward, and honorable than this. So thought I, un happy I—so thought many another, no doubt, and so rouleaux of stamps rolled into Mr. J.P.'a net. I sent—must I own the soft impeach ment?—to that model of virtue and self-abne gation thirteen postage stamps, and a stamped dirfiptad envelope—and, in due course of post, received the following :—" Sir, get on Fteetwing at once; be can give anything in the race a stone, and walk in.—P.J. P.S.—Back him for a raker, it is coming money." Of course I was | charmed; here was the golden opportunity I had been looking for all my life. At last I might say " Eureka." " Back him for a raker;" of coarse I would, and then after the eventful day— a moor in Scotland and a salmon river loomed in the distance—how charming were those chateaux en, Espagne .' What a lucky fellow I was ! How I looked op the hone's two-year-old perform ances in Ruff i How I magnified his victories, and what plausible excuses I made for bis defeats ! How I learnt off by heart his pedigree and was never tired of showing that it was a moral impossibility that anything could have the ghost of a chance with my favorite ! Fleet wing's career, as a two-year-old, had been more than average—and at the time I received the disinterested advice alluded to above, he "was in- ! stalled third favorite at the respectable price of fifteen to one. That is a good price for any i man to get on the certain winner of the Derby ! at—it was worth a plunge, and I plunged ac- | cordingly, taking those odds to £500, or, as it is j beautifully and. euphoniously termed in turf j parlance, to "a monkey.'' Well, time passed on, the winter fled, and in due course fleetwing was pulled out to meet his spring engagements at the metropolis of the turf in the Craven Meeting. He ran for and won the Biennial—to be sure there was nothing in the field he met better than "platers," but still the voice of the prophet P. J. sang his praises—the performance was called splendid, and one which raised him to the highest pinnacle of equine excellence. I confess I could not we it; but then I was verdant—very. I could not make out bow it came about that, if the performance were so good, there should be so many kind accommodating individuals always ready to put money into my pockets, and those of the other disciples of the prophet, by laying against him; bat so it was. I really eventually became overpowered and overwhelmed by the deep sense of the obligation I was under to those kind people for the free-and-easy way in which they were apparently thrusting fortune and greatness on me—robbing themselves, in fact, to make me. Fancy such lock for thirteen postage stamps, and an indefinite promise! Time still passed and fled, and the Two Thou sand Guineas were lost and won—bat not by Fleetwing 1 he did not put in an appearance. Why did he not? or, rattier, why should he? Was he not backed by bis noble -owner, by his straightforward and upright trainer, and by that confiding lamb, the British public, to win «s much money as would sink the Great Eastern? —why then should he risk on Newmarket Heath when so much was at stake on Epsom Downs? Nothing of course could be more satisfactory than such an argument; it was as clear as the sun at noon. Somehow or other, though I was not quite convinced, though of course I had no right to be sceptical; and I did pluck up courage to indite a letter to my prophetical ad viser, and tell him that it seemed to me if he were such "a real good thing" for the Derby, he could not possibly have lost " The Guineas;" in which case he would have come to a short price for his grand engage ment at Epsom, and his spirited owner, honest trainer, Vales, myself, and the British public in general, might have stood a good stake to nothing, in consequence of the reduc tion of the odds that would, necessarily have followed his Newmarket victory. I mildly added, that it was impossible to make a cer tainty of winning a race; in fact, that the horse might die; for. I remembered in my school days having read in Horace, that death knocks at the doors of rich and poor alike —and if so why not at the stable door? 1 received, of course, a haughty reply, such as befitted one who had donned'" the prophetic mantle: "It was one of those moral certainties that could not be upset.'' I read, and believed. Time still sped—the struggle that was to make my fortune was rapidly drawing near— and with feverish anxiety I searched the papers each day for the latest betting, and the reports from training quarters. Ah! what snares and delusions are these reports! The writers of them, as a rule, could scarce distinguish a horse from a cow. A bulletin was issued day by day by these worthies, giving the latest particulars of the health and doings of the "cracks," and of Fleetwing's amongst the number. Amongst numerous other reports, I read the following:— " Fleet wing took a three miles' gallop this morn ing, led by York Minster and Eclipse. The pace was a cracker all through—Fleetwing was pulling over his two schoolmasters throughout, and on his finishing his gallop did not blow enough to put out a farthing rushlight.'' What could a poor devil do on the strength of such an announcement but put more money on? Beally I almost blushed to ask those good-natured bookmakers to lay me more money about the horse; but there was no limit to their fcindnumi, they rather pressed the odds on me than other wise, I suppose to put me quite at my ease. Alas! I fear that the vivacious individual who wrote the above glowing account of Fleetwing's gallop dreamt it, and that he was comfortably ensconced between the sheets at the time his too fertile imagination pictured to him Fleet wing & Co. «la?hiug through tile keen morning air that sweeps across those Yorkshire wolds. However, what did it matter? It brought grist to the mill of the conscientious editor of the paper in whose columns the statement appeared, and it charmed me and all Fleetwing's sup porters. And, on the strength of the "good thing" so industriously put about, the horse was backed for probably more than anything else in the race. At length the Derby day arrived, big with the fate of thousands of indi viduals, from peer to peasant. What a glorious morning it was! and how eager every one seemed to be to get off! At an early hour I sauntered into a well-known Club in St. James's square to meat the party with which I was going to the Downs, and to fortify with a. good break fast the inner man against the toil and excitement of the day. I found a goodly number already assembled, discussing break fast, and washing it down with "Veuve Clicquot" and "Badminton.'' Of course the great race was the all-engrossing topic, and each oae was loud in the praises of his par ticular fancy. Presently a drag with tour splendid hays drove up, and then there was a move as it rolled away from the door; another took its place, till in due course of time it came to the turn of myself and party; and, after satisfying ourselves that Fortnum and Mason had not neglected their part in the day's per formance, we too followed in the human stream. It boots not to dwell on the oft-told tale of the road, and the facetious witticisms that fell on the ear in every direction. Suffice it to say, that, after the customary chaff and fun, we reached our destination in safety, and deposited ourselves, drag and all, in a good situation for seeing the race. Of course the first thing to be done was to go into the ring, to learn the latest state of the odds, and find out if any of the "cracks" had passed a bad night. We found, however, that no material change had taken place. Oh !_ what a sight that ring is ! There was the Leviathan shouting out in his stentorian voice, and offetingto lay the odds against anything and everything in hundreds or in thousands, as best suited the fancy of his audience. " I'll lay five hundred to a hundred against Diomed." "Twelve hundred to one hundred against Fleetwing." He had scarcely got the latter words out of his mouth, when a fair-haired dragoon, one of my party, said quietly, ** Put it down." He was but a boy, that dragoon, but he had ridden with the "immortal" six hundred in the charge at Balaclava. At length a bell rang, and the horses were brought out for the first race of the day. For a space, a very brief space, attention was diverted from the big race, and the more inveterate gamblers transacted a little business on the event about to be immediately decided. This was hardly ran off, when all interest again centred in the Derby. At length, after the usual number of preliminary races, the bell rang to dear the course for the ''piece de resistance"—the race of the day. What a Babel is that ring now! Nothing but one continued roar. "HI lay against Her cules." "Five to one bar one." "FH lay a level thousand Fleetwing ain't in the first eight." We had at length, by dint of a great deal of patience and perseverance, edged our way into the saddling paddock. I and all my party were anxious to look at Fleetwing. What did we care for the other horses ? Was it not a moral certainty for our horse? Of course it wat. At length a buzz was heard, and Hercules came along—a fine bright chesnut, with a coat like satin—long and low, his fore legs were like pillars of steel, and his con dition was perfect, the muscles standing-out in great knots, like coils of iron. Next followed Diomed, a grand horse to look at, but rather light and corky—one that seemed as if Bpeed rather than staying was his "forte." Then others of lesser pretensions, and then Fleetwing came on the scene, bis owner by his side, and led by his trainer. He certainly was a picture, as far as symmetry went, with a white blaze on his foiehead, and legs that no amount of work could injure. But verdant though I was, thanks to my brin&ing; up, I was not verdant enough to be blind to the fact that he was not half prepared, and that the Derby was not his journey, in spite of all the fuss and ostentatious parade of which he was the centre. What was to be done ? Time was nearly up. Oh, Vates! had I met you then, I fear you prophetic career would have come to an untimely end. Would the correspondent from training quarters have fared better? I think not. I remembered every line of his bulletin—how the horse galloped, how on pulling up he did not blow enough to put out a rushlight. Standing still was useless, some thing must be done. I turned my head and saw the horses sweeping past in their preliminary canters. I heard a sudden shout of admiration — a bright chestnut was skimming nimig over the ground, with a long, low, raking stride —it was Hercules. I waited for nothing more. I was satisfied, and forthwith I dashed back into the ring. " Nothing risk, nothing have," I men tally ejaculated. I could not stand to lose a clear six hundred pounds quietly. Scarcely had I entered the magic circle, when I heard a well known bookmaker offer three hundred pounds to one hundred pounds against Hercules. " Pat it down," I said. "Again, sirf* was ths only reply; " Yes," I nodded. Eve times over the bet was offered, and five times over it was accepted by me. And I really think, if it had been offered fifteen times, I should have accepted it, so favorable an impression had Hercules made on me, and so irate did I feel at having allowed myself to be led by the great prophet. And now the horses were at die starting post; there was the usual number of false starts, and there was that " inevitable" dog, without which no Derby could be a Derby. With a great deal of straggling I managed to get out of -the ring, and dashed frantically across Hue course. I don't know whether I or " the dog" came in for the greater amount of execrations and hooting; it was about even betting between us. A friendly drag, however, was close at hand, and I jnsb managed to reach the top of it, when a deafening roar rent the air, " They're off—they're off!" and sure enough they were. Now they are out of sight, and how anxiously is their reappearance watched for ! The seconds seem hours; at length, on they come, streaming through the "furzes." "Hurrah!" shouted my pale-faced friend., the dragoon, ** Fleetwing wins!" He looked well enough at the time, but he was a long way from home, and that dreaded corner had to be passed. On they fly amid a cloud of dust; they sweep round Tot tenham Corner into the straight run in. And now where is FleetwiuK, the pet of the prophets, "the real good thingr He seems distressed, and is compounding rapidly. On they come, fast as the lightning-flash, with, to the un practised eye, but little to choose between them. At last the cords are reached, and, as if by magic, two shoot out from the ruck. One is a bright chesnut—Hercules, as I live! and the other a despised outsider—Flatcatcher. On i they come amid a roar of voices from throats in tens of thousands: * Flatcatcher wins," "The favorite wins!" and co locked together, stride by abide, the chair is neared. Whichever wins this wOI be no bloodless victory. At last one seems to forge slightly, very slightly, ahead of the other, and the fatal chair is passed. No man knows which has won. Some say it is a dead heat; others offer to back one hoise against tile other. At length suspense is at an end. Up go the numbers—No. 19 first, No. 8 second. The Derby is lost and won, and Hercules has gained the blue riband of the turf, while Flatcatcher obtains second honors. But where is the "real good thing" the moral certainty? " Poor Fleetwing! how has thy glory departed; can that be thou that I see trotting in, far in the rear, leg-weary, and with drooping head!" And now that the riddle is solved, the dragoon is bemoaning his lost " century," and telling me, by way of consoling himself, how sorry he is I have been "hit" so hard. People, when they lose themselves, take a savaga driighx in pitying their fallows in misfortune. Now, I don't like pity; I never did, so I say nothing, but pull out my book and hand it to my pale-faced friend. He reads, and bursts out in language most profane— " Why, yon have won V "Of coarse I have," I say. " How much?" is the rejoinder. "Add tt up," I reply. So he did, and in spite of the great prophet, aid "the real good thing." he found I had cleared a cool nine hundred pounds on the race. Well, that was more by good luck Hum anything else; it rarely happens one can slip out of a "moral certainty" as suc cessfully as I did, and, after all, it was a narrow squeak—"Won by a short head," was the verdict of the judge, which means, by about the length of one's hand. Need I say that that was my first as well as my last "real good thing," and that ever since I have turned a deaf ear to the charmer (vulgo, tipster), charm he never so wisely! And now nothing remained but for the winners to drink the health of the recipient of the bine riband, and the losers to drown their cares in champagne. Don't fall into the error, dear reader, of supposing that because Fleetwing lost the Derby he was a bad horse; far from it, he simply was not meant. Neither his noble owner nor his uptight and straightforward trainer, had a shilling on him for the race—they found j he was hardly good enough, and so they ran him with an ulterior object in view. "Die whole I army of touts, prophets, and special correspon- i dents had been bamboozled! Did I dream it ? or had I drank too much champagne? I don't know, bnt I have a dim &nd; hazy idea of some little bird whispering in my ear that I must not desert Fleetwing, for that he would yet win a great race, although he would have to perform again and wgafo for the amuse ment and benefit (?) of the public. And then, at last, when his former admirers had voted him a three- cornered brute, and one not worth training, he would come out in his true colors. Some time afterwards I left Kn(^anH w and one fine morning, whilst sitting at breakfast in Naples, an English newspaper was brought in. I took it up, and almost tbe first thins that caught my eye was the announcement that Fleetwing bad won one of the most important handicaps of the year, and that his owner and friends had netted an enormous stake. Did the public back him when he won? No; if they had done bo he would have ran nowhere. So much for the moral certainties of the touts and prophets. Be wise and put not your trust in them.—Temple Bar. 