THE PERFUMED QEITIC, " The. Queensland Times sqtirisea In its very happiest manner tho netvly born assumption of the Brisbanp Courier ; and laughs heartily at the " aroma of courts, and salons, and bou doirs"— or other places less savoury— which of late pervades its columns. It also draws a parallel between tbe gross, indecent, viru- lent, and personal attacks" in which some titno since it indulged against the GOVERNOR, the not very elegantly expressed strictures which it launched right and left at all Who dared to \- disagree with its enunciations, and its present soft whisper of tho antechamber style, which drops from it with all the affoctation of a miminy-piminy bread and butter Miss, who has just learned that she ought to blush and look bashful when words are spoken in her presence which immodesty can construe into something very naughty. "We do not like to see, save in rare instances, people assume virtues which they have not, nor attempt a flight they cannot sustain. "When Beli'iihoou put PU his smart clothes and endeavored to play the man of ton, ho was tho genuine mounte bank, when he was tricked out in his con juror's dress he was a very good sort of a fel low, and might bo taken for something better than an amusing fool. Tho Brisbnno Courier is strutting about in plumes and feathers, which sit as gracefully op him as did the er- mined robes on tbe " Mock Duke," or my lord's rich night dress on CintisTopirEH Sj.y, Who, not made moro gentcol by tho splendor that surrounded him, said, " Dor God's sake, a pot of small ale." This attempting to play the Beau BRUMMEL of the press js really ex quisite, and we should not be surprised to licnr that the Courier had expressed a horror of vegetables, and had confessed to have onco eaten a pea, or that it had drawled out, as it looked through its glass at the Weekly Herald, 'How's out fat friend — pshaw, order. Mr. Brummel's carriage," and let him play Bully Bottom to some Titania of tho back slums, and she will find him an asses head—and something else. This attempt to play the Arbiter elegantiarum is very funny, but when our Beau takes upon himself to act tho schoolmaster, and assumes tho rod and ferule, and' would " witch the world with matchless teachings," and inform us all that " focative is caret," he becomes superbly ridiculous, and puts us much more in mind of Mr. SQUEERS asking a cljent whether " he understood na tural philosophy," than of Rogeri Ascham initiating the Princess Elizabeth info all the mysteries of the Greek testament, " J,arptais t—Jj' autre laquais ; tenez ma robe," is nothing toit. lfourperfumerpdoientPominoinculeated good wholesome doctrine ; or if ho confined himself to dealing in pleasant nothings, mpre TMPlf-nnckeries, we could forgive him, perhaps laugh witii him ; hut whon he places boloro us that which is not only bad but poisonous, and tells us that if is gpod and wholesome, and "bids us eat thereof, we think it quite time he should be requested to pull up, strip off his fine clothes, and walk down like my Lord Duke into the pantry again, after he had had a few hours of "High Life," His remarks upon tho petitions which have been lodged against the return of certain members, and the scented and cross-gartered Malvolio superbness of hus manner of making them, have created a grpat deal of laughter, some contempt, and no little anger. He more than hints that it would have been advisable if tho validity of the elections had not been impugned, and that bribery, corruption, and some half score more pleasant vices, which scourge in the most gentle manner, ought to have been indulged in, so long as tho fruits of thorn did not inter fere with tho plans of tho great and good lUW," mtd Ins Caleb Quotu. How pun gent is the remark that tho next best thing to lyiuuipg ejection is to unseat your opt ponent, upon the grounds that unlawful means had beep adopted to return him ; may we ex- tpgcj this doctrine and say, the next thing to enjoying a good dinner is that of spoiling your enemy's, by sprinkling Scotch snuff over his asparagus, or informing him that he had eaten voraciously of cat pie. It is alleged if any of the constituents find out tho opposing parties have brought in their man by bribery and corruption, and they appeal against such proceedings, that thoy are acting from merely selfish motives. They are not supposed to be urged by political honesty, but simply by Strong party feeling, and that thoy receive a positive pleasure in making the successful candidate thoroughly uncomfort able till he tako his seat and in coming down upon him 'just as bo is about to deliver his maiden speech, This WOfl't do, the Courier is no more a wizard than tho wife of the Provost of Orleans was a bona fide ghost. It proves ono- thing, however, that it out of tho fulness of tho heart tho tongue speaketh, what a delectable specimen of tho political TAR- TUFFE, our contemporary must be. Very pretty charges truly to lie maelp against a uotiy of Englishmen j— self- interest, potty malieo, party feeling, lack of houcsty, aro tho neces sary vices in the bosoms of those who dare to protest against a member who may have bought, bullied, clioated, and iied his way into tho Assembly, Again tho Courier states that tho only tiling which makes men pause before they commence their attack, is the necessity for their paying into the hands of the -Speaker thp sum el £1001! Very complimentary again. It is clear at what value t|io Courier rates his conscience. " Can you he honest, Sambo ?" " Golly, how much yon gib mo, iwiBpa f"r— iw tho whploof t|ie political catechism of ,our critic. A paltry £100 is a suflicjent sum to prevciit a body of men from performing a public duty ; to make them pausp before thoy attempt to lay open a soro. which is eating into the constitution ; to hesitate before, thoy determine to expose a man who, by chicanery, had been foreod into tho House ; who commenced his. career on -tho basis of corruption, and who would lcavo the slime beliiud him on his road to tho back-door of .the Minister ; who had been carried tri umphantly forward upon tho backs of thoso solves into positions the dignities of which wno were prepared to sanction and to ap prove of every foul measure which their favorite might support or initiate. 0 ! tem pore ! O I uiores I " Do chattering monkeys mimic men, Or men turn'd apes, out-monkey them." If such bo tho sentiments of a public journal ; if sueh be those of tho constituencies, we need not to travel far to understand how it is that the Ministry, the Members, and tho people, have all become venal alike. Why, Mac will soon be overdone with willing servitors, lie will he so overrun with them, that ho will be compelled to pack them about their business, in tho same .way as Lucifer, who thoy say is so cloyed with souls, that ho often sends them back to tho smutty scullions and slovenly devils of tho kitchen, where they are scarcely acceptable, unless they are high seasoned. Tho Courier expresses no surprise that peti tions should be lodged in tho . old country, where likes and dislikes, antipathies and poli tical opinions, descend from father to son, like a Corsican feud — but he js exceeding sur- prised that men in a new country should dare to do so ; and more suprised still, from tbo' facts that the parties petitioning bold tho same political opinions as those thoy oppose. Then thero is no such thing as principle in tho world? Neither in the Northern nor Southern hemispheres. In Great Britain they act only from party feeling. JOHN Jones, an inde pendent elcetor, signs a memorial, simply bc- cnuse the Jonx Joxtcs two hundred years ago held opinions opposite to the returned mem ber. J. J. may be an honest trader, a res pectable neighbor loving and God fearing man, but inevitably a political scoundrel. But tho Courier considers that tho petitions had much better have been left alone, And why ? Because " they may assist in com plicating the difficulties of the session." That is to say a country may be represented by a set of men who have been returned in an un fair and underhand manner, and who do not represent the opinions of the majority. Or, in plainer terms, it is better that avenal house should be allowed to proceed to tho discussion of public business, than that Mr, Macalister should be baulked in his attempts to plunge the country into further ruin and confusion " If tho Ipswich petition he prosecuted, tho situatiou will be further entangled." Good Heavens, is this a doctrine to teach ? Expe diency and not truth. Are we for ever to be wedded to the one dish ? The Courier will not cry out in despair as did tho imprisoned bishop, " ioujours perdris-V' but is willing to sit down still tq his partridges, be they frcsli or stinking. Is it a wonder that so large an amount of -wretched venality should pervade our system, when those who are regarded as teaehers set such examples. If the con stituents condescend to bribery corruption, and falsehood, can tbey expect tHat their members will be upright and honorable? How much soever wo may deploro just now tho lock of tho Government wheel, it had better remain so forever rather than it should be set going by men who have no right to lend their shoulders to tho task. Our citizens have a right, nay, more, they are absolutely called upon to' vindicate their pri vileges. If they calmly look on when they know that they are being cheated out of thorn, they become accomplices — equally guilty with those who "played tho traitors, tho syco phants, or tho slaves. Mr. Macalisteii is endeavouring to imitate the policy of AUGUS- TUS CÆSAR ; he is trying to subdue tho repre sentatives, and to reconcile the people, and to gain his ends by private or secret inflnpnco. His task becomes an easy one, when ho has ready mqdp to his hands somo half-dozen members, who are independent of their constituents— vinydo so by the folly of thoso who elected thorn. Mr. Macatasteii's attacks upon our constitution have uevcr been open ; tho velvet foot of tho cat has alone been shown; tho claws have been carefully sheathed. He is once more making ay attempt to humbug us; instead of coming forward with some bold statesmanlike policy, in order to decrease expenditure, he is, ad captandum vulyus, makiug a mighty display of his put? riotism, by ruining a few Government clerks, thereby breaking faith with them, and further exposing his own want of capacity. " Cooks are born cooks," say the Frnech, but Statesmen are not all like "William Pitt, heaven-born ministers. Mr. Macalisteii, by deducting mickles, and adding on muckles, will plunge us yet further into debt. His reasoning powers are somewhat on. a par with those of the old woman who kept a shop in the country — she said she lost by all she sold, and if she did not sell a great deal, she should soon be ruined, Unless we got deeper into debt, we shall soon be ruined. A few more millions, and we shall be clear ; we shall then live in absolute plenty and liberty, we shall proudly despise everyone, laugh at all mankind, and taking the fine jovial little cap of political license, become, so many pretty hobgoblins, dancing round the grand master ; while tho elegant Courier, in white gloves and thyme dulcier, plays lord-in- waiting, and babbles about that " great and good man," — who made such pretty speeches, but who kept such exe- crable sherry, . . ' School of Arts. — Wo have an intonso disllko to tho " atningcr," wo hardly over mot . any 0110 who admired liiin, nnd yet whenever ho liinken liis npponr- anco people jlock to 8C0 him, and applaud him, and never fail to pny tho tribute of team to tho sufferings of his guilty but repentant aattb. Kotzbuc, whether intentionally or not, drew tho cliarnrtcr of a monster rather than of a man ; whon wo say monster wo moan a human orcaturo possessed of feelings which the world touches us, belong only to thp hero of tho dramatist, - tho pool, or tho novelist, Mo is a creation ot man, a moral Frankenstein, apd wo aro not quite sure whether Roohofouoapltls maxim cannot bo justly applied to hint — " La vertu »' iralt pas si loin, si la vanile no lui lenait compaynia ; " there is a consciousness about liim that ho is 'sacrificing himself, which renders him in our eyes intonsoly disagreeablo. Ho bus a strong lovo of justioo because ho lms sufi'orod by tho injustice of others, nnd worships honour, bccauso liis own honour lms been outraged on tho tenderest point ; in fact, liis heart is tho piero dupo of liis understanding, and liis sensibilities overconio botli — honour IB liis grands pensee, mul fpr that hp sacrifices his own happiness, Ins wife's, and his children's ; and ho travels about tho world likp nn overgrown whining schoolboy, rather limn a great hearted man, nnd lings the disease which is no disease, that is eating his heart away. His philosophy is so irenk that it cannot conquer his mis- fort linos, and Ijio words of tho Count nro thrown away upon ono who cares not to mend. While ho abuses lovo lie can't exist without it, and though lie tolls us that liis Adelaide must livo in his heart for over, ho cannot again fold her to his bosom ! ho will wear lior insldo but not out, which appears to us a contradio- t ion. When ho spunks of tho jeers nod soolTs whiuli would await him if ho -vcro scon abroad with his run away wife on his nrm, ho betrays to us that his sensi bility, liis self love, and his fear of sarcasm nro greater than his iilt'cotion for his wife, or oven than his honour which lie preaches about so niqeh, Resides,' if Umt wore. (ho only renson why ho could not take her hnok, ho might have gone with her into tho wilds ol America or tho dosorts of Arabia, and tlioro no ono would Imvo recognised him. Mo quito forgets the beautiful spirit of Christian olmrity, tho rarity of which poor Mood so plaintively sung, and possessing not llmt wisdom which might enable him to support liis present woes — he anticipates those which lie eoultl easily prevent from happening. And yet for all this playgoers will go to listen to the " Stranger," and to witness tho agonios of Mrs. Mailer — tho fact is, people liko to ho made miserable, aud not having or seeing enough veal evils in the world about them, thoy wish to rovel in imaginary ones. Miss Julia Hudson playod Jfr-t. Jlatler cxecllontly well, slio was pathetic without being llnoliryinose, tender without being alfeetcd, and passionate without being noisy ; her sclf-rcpronchca were delivered ns if slio wero really tllu guilty woman ; nnd her interview with her husband, to whom she is infinitely superior, with all liis honor, limdo a vory deep impression upon all who heard aud saw her, mul we can vouch for it that thero was hardly a dry eyo m the house, iter start anil faint wlien slio recog nises Iter husband wero correct nnd natural, and won derfully clfectivo — bettor far than her fall wlnm she finds lier-iiioxorablo husband rofitscs to receive her. II or riishing to Iter boy — her shriek of mingled joy and sorrow— were all exquisite, and we concluded wiiuit tho curtain fell that ,wo had uevcr seen n hotter Mrs. dialler. Miss Hudson was suffering from a cold, and strange to say tho slight huskincss produced thereby told rather for than against her, especially in those scenes wlicro her emotions wero strongest. When wc criticised Mr. Dyers before, we planed liim very high on the list of Strangers, and liis acting on Monday night was so perfectly natural, so illustrntivo of tho man, and yet witlial so dramatic, that wo felt we had not in any way overpraised liim. An actor requires a great amount of tuct to deal with tho Stranger properly ; if ho possess that toot, and onco grasp the character, his work is pretty easy. llo has no sudden brocks g lie is not now sullen, nnd then pas sionate — lie is all one or tho other. Jlis first scenes nro so passivo that 1m is in full possession of his poivqrs when ho has to struggle with liis passions. And grandly Mr. livers mot thoiu. Ho worked himself up to grapple with thonqand oamooll'a mnster — so far ns the dramatic picture was concerned, draucix, tho eccentric servant of an eccentric master, was carefully and quietly playod by Mr. Yentior,— ho liiul but two points, and mndo them; ns ho lmd to speak very short scntcnocs, and frequently nothing but monosyl lables, thero was no room for display of any poivor. Mr. Irving mndo a tolerable Heron. Mr. Moutroso was a very lino looking Count H'intersen, and inndo as much as ho could of n not very important part. \Vo very much pleased with Miss Montrose, who sustained tho character of Charlotte with a great deal of anima tion j slio looked the snuoy favourite maid to perfec tion, and in tho scene with Francis slio appeared fully nlivo to lior great iniportaiieu in tho household of a nobleman, ami chattered invay with amazing ease and assurance. Miss Evans was as usual dead letter per fect. This lady is certainly making rapid strides in a profession slio evidently loves. Every time we see tier we (hill an improvement, and slio will in a very short tiliio bo a valuable acquisition to any theatre. Tho " Eton Doy " was ellcctiro in tho hands of Miss Hudson, although such a character is below her powers. Mr. Irvine, ns Mr. Dabster, was admirable. In fact it was tho best picco of comic noting wo linvo seen for yours, nnd he put ns powerfully in miiul of Charles Matthews. Thero was the 6iuno quickness, qunintness, and apparent ubiquity about liim j lie was here, there, and everywhere, and if tho Captain lmd possessed a littio moro animation, and played up to liim, thero would linvo boon nothing wanted. Eccen tric comedy is clearly Mr. Irvino's forte, and wo should advise him to hold on toit, nnd not to bo led uwnty by other gods. IIo should study from about tho height of Sir Charles, in " Usod Up," down to "llox nnd Cox," nnd never venture upon counts or dukes, or hcros of any description. Miss Julia Hudson, upon being called before tho enrtnin thanked tho nudieiico for their kindness, and stilted that Hic.inrd lit. would bo pvoducod on Saturday next. Tho house, wo aro glad to say, was a good ono. Tjikatiu: Koyal.— On Monday ovening tho really lauglinblo furco of tho " Dreadful Murder ; or, a Night at Nothing Hill," nttraoted and aniusod a good audience. Mr. Alderman Sullabub, a very ce- ccnlrio specimen of London humanity, wuu well played by Air. Tni lor, who seems to tako a special delight in siu.li out of tlie way characters, and ns ho never fails ill making them brondly ludicrous and distinctively marked enrirnturss of tho originals, ho sIioivb his good tusto in searching his dramatic library to lind them. 1' Mat Ion (Mr.ltiley) an outrageously funny policeman, looked the very picture of "Movo on!" and sustained tho character llmt' ho has obtained ns a low (not vulgar) comedian, by his making tho utmost of every point written for him. Mr. D. iiriggs was well up in Tight Leathers, of H.M- Dragoons, and SiisiGardiner played as slio always does whon. slio sustains a part that suits her, witii great taut and spirit. The musical and terpsicliorcan intovludo mot witii its usual desorvod success, although wo conltl almost wish that tho oncoros wore a littio less numerous, for thoy havo bcconto bo frequent, and of apparently so much n matter of course, that tlicv can lmrdlv bo considered as com- pliments, witilo tho singers and dancers, who havo a great dcnl to do, would, nino times out of ton, wc fcol assured, rather bo without calls which add so much to their lauour. "Dr. O "Toole," was welcomed with shouts of liuightor, and. really deserves its character — a scream ing farce, although ivo must confess moro was duo to tlie actors than to thu author for tho applause which it obtained. Titlt Canoona. — AVe saw a very flno saniplo of gold yostorday, brought, from tho Old Onnoona diggings, It was clean uuggoty inetnl, ami wo wore informed by t he party who showed it to its, that tlie gold is in, creasing both in quantity and qunlily as tho men work up tho hill, There nro about, sixty or seventy men at work ; they havo ststiouad themselves there, nnd nro perfectly satisfied with tho results of thoir labor. There, aro seventeen puddling machines in active qpe ration. ISxeOUHAClEMKNT volt A (31110(11, TUIH3T3. — The fol lowing cheering accounts of tho ndvmitages likely to nocrito from farming, nro contained in n letter to oitr contemporary, written by a Clermont correspondent, who sagely observes that vegetables woro cheaper than I at Koeklininptoii, and largo mealy potatoes grown in abundance at 80s, per cwt., or £30 por ton, conclud ing with tho inspiriting prophesy " that aftor all. agriculture will yet Uourish hero, mid that a fpw years will convert _ a _ conipuvalivo dosort into a fruitful gnrdon,"' This oortninly drawing very largely on liopo, considering that wo pun buy potatoes hero nt £8 to £10 n ton. If all.othor tilings aro grown at a proportionate ppollb wo fonr that our wits " havo gono wool galbonng" to no purposo. Wo confess that wo had somo suspicion as to tho success of agriculture, but with such foots as tho abovo before us, any further opposition would hardly bo tho " cloati potatoc." SOUTIIKIIN i'ltoiiucp. — The Annie, Gaptnln Ikiu, arrived on the Otli instant with a full onrgo of pro- tluco,. consisting of 87,580 palings, 143 bales of hay, 842 lings of potatoes, Gil bags of carrots, 19G cases of onions, 150 cases apples, 130 bags of onts, 200 bags, of brai), and 52 casus pf jum ; consignees It. M. Hunter mid Oo. Tito above woro sold by public auction yustevday by Mr. Wormald, and with tiio exception of tho apples fetched a fair nverago priep., A SoaiMMAOir — Wo havo been just mndo ncqunintod with an incident that reminds us strongly of sconos which wo linvo read in novels, and which proros thu old saying Hint fact is Boinctiinos Btrangor than lictioq. Somu months sinoo tho Fining Cloud left Kockhamt). ton on an expedition to tho now diggings ; slio had but. two men on board, Jack Morris and Oluirley Con- sidino; I hoy unohurcd for tho night in Herbert Creek, and after making nil snug retired to their bunks. About tho middlo of tho night, four blacks put oir in a canoo from t)io Bhoro " on mur derous thoughts intent," and while two rcmninod in tho enuoo, tho otliors boarded tho Flying Cloml, ami crept cautiously upon tho sleepers, Thoy woro both in thoir bunliB, a piocc of canvass hung ovor tho front of that in which Morris slept, and hid liim from sight, but poor Consilium was directly seen ; one of tho blacks mndo a cut ut him as iiu was lying with Ins tomahawk mul sliced oil' a pieoo from tho top of his bond, about two inches square by n quarter of an inch thick ; this blow must' havo rendered Considino insonsiblo, for it appears llmt attempts wero mndo to cut his throat ; but fortunately ho liud a thick woollon hand kerchief round his ueek through which tho tomahawk could not rcauii tho flesh; Morris was awakoned bi- tlm noise, and seeing what was going on, jumped outof liis hunk and mad a a dash at tho radians ; lie manuged to collar ono, 'but he slipped away from liim, and tumbled into tho canoe; in thu meantime Considino had recovered front tho oH'ccts of the blow, and niaii'tgtng to get up snatclind t ho tomahawk from tho hniid of tho bluuk, but ho was so weak ho could not use it. Alorris took it from him, utid made a cut nt tho would-bo murderer, but missed him ; ho thou snatched up a gun which was loaded, but unfortunately ho could not liud any caps, so that the fellows got oil' scot free. The craft then proceeded on her journey, mid on tier way back tho men determined to put in at thu uroek in order to imvo a slap at their old friends, but; tlie black gentry wero too wido awake, and al though thoy showed themselves, tliuy took good euro to keep out of harms way. Tito Flying Cloud arrived at Koeklminpton on Saturday nigh: Considino is eon- lined to liis bud ; lie is in a very weak stato, nnd can hardly maiiugc to speak. It appears that tho piucu was cut clean oil' his huad, but that it is adhering nguiu on its old place, and Lhoro appears no doubt but thut in a short time Lhoro will bu merely tlie scar left to sltow were tlio wound lmd boon indicted, Tj.iliouit.— Tho J'eaJe Doums Telegram complains of tlio scarcity of labour, there being n demand for shepherds which cannot tie met, aud for bushmoii who are able to command tlio samo prices tiiat have boon givuu for tho last two or three years ; also, that Lhuru will ho plenty of work for 'months to uomo for all hands. Now it strikes us that thoso who want a few pounds to help them to make a beginning at gold- digging, should nruil themselves of this method of gutting into funds. This is always the busiest season of the year with squatlars, and when labour is rcmark- nbly scarce. A man must bo more titan usually in competent, or " generally useless," if lie can't make a ten pound nolo during tho shearing aud lambing Benson, or nt least enough to start him on tlio diggings witii — a piuk, ahovol, and a couiiiu of months rotiuns — partiouhirlv upon such diggings as thu llidgolauds, where tlio surface always pays current expenses, and in genural yields heavy ami handsome returns. The Rkasox Wit v. — -It is wo bolievo nn admitted fact, in statistics thut expenditure decreases as popula tion iucrcusus, this wo presume is the reason why our rulers nro suppressing tlio dill'erent departments. Now tluit wo have u largo trallic on the public roads, which more than over require tlie supervision of tlie itonds department, that department is partially done away" with. Now that largo guld- liclds attracting increased population luivo started into oxistonco, it .is suddenly discovered tlml lite i'oiiee force should bo re duced, uml so on. Thus tho more people, the less pro tection they require. This is remarkably funny logic, but tho Government havo all tho credit of it. At tho present moment a few constables parade ti.o ono or two main streets of thu town, all within cuocy of tlio I'ulicc-uUico — tliuy luivo their beats, and must keep to thciu- A very largo numbor of the inhabitants, about lire-sixths, lire wholly without polico pretention, and wo know no safer place of refuge for bushrangers limn the suburbs, winch cannot bo visited by any of tlio force. We must bo a very orderly set of pooplo, whon some livo thou smul of us can bo kept in order by livo or six policumon, for only liulf the lorco can bo on duty at a time, and yet there is somo talk of limiting tlie number of Inspectors, and putting all tho towns, with tlio exception of Jirisbuno and Ipswich, under charge of a sergeant. Wlint, wo nsk, dj we want willt a Cliiut Commissioner of I'olico ? and what, wo nsk, does ho do for liis £1300 n yoar and pickings. So far as tho North is concerned, nothing — or less than nothiiiK — a clerk would do quito as well : but, a billet had to bo mudo for liis Excellency's friond— a lieutenant in a marching regiment, a perfect stranger to the work, and with no possible olaiin to .the appointment — is coolly put over tho heads of experienced eld colonists and magistrates to leurn his duty, and in the execution of which thoy wero veto- runs. 'Tho country must roitso itself, and boldly insist upon tlio iutcgi'ity of tlio police foreo being maintained, OS it is now constituted it is far took weak for tho work to bo performed — instead of diminishing onr con stabulary, thoy must ho augmented. Tho town fortunately bus been tranquil beyond precedent, as tliu police records will sliow, but ns wo are likely soon to rcceivo a large increase to our popula tion, it is not to bo supposed that wo slinll be witiiout a considerable importation of the rowdyism of tho othor colonies, mul limb wo shall require looking nftar somewhat sharper than we do nt present. Wa pny heavily for police protection, und wo ltuvo a right to it, T'iik Empeuob axd tup. Aaron.— While wo tho roughly believe that tho death of Mr. Charles Kcan will bu douply lamented by his own immediute friends, nnd by those who esteemed him uu actor of consider able merit, and us one who had done much in his gene ration towards clovntiug tho tQiio of tho stage, und strengthening, if that ivuro possible, thu national iilfeu- lion mid admiration for tho immortal hard of Avon, still wo ennnot go quito so far as our contemporary, who, aftor commenting upon tho murder of Maximilian, and upon the general horror which was felt ut n deed almost unparalleled in history, says. " tlio death of Mr, Charles Kuau wit I strike deeper to the . national heart." 'This, wu must be exouscd for saying is most superb bathos ; it is not only uulruo, but it is pure nonsense ; it is bringing the Bublimo down to a level with the ridiculous. Thero was a vast diO'erenco between Maximilian, tho real Emperor, and Charles ICcun, tlio mimic ono : although perhaps the latter played his part tho better of the two, aud there is a vaster diU'oruuco between the effects which their deaths will have upon tho national mind. Were wo to draw a parallel betweon the death of Mr. Charles Kcun and that of Air- Punoh when he is dragged off by tho hangman, wa might he con- sitlored ill-nuturod. That Mr. Kcan's exit from tho Btnge of life has created a Wank is perfectly trno, and one that will not be readily tilled, and it would bo un just not to acknowledge so much. An an actor he was sadly ovor-ratcd by the mnny, and nndor-rnted by tho few. Ho ocrtainly could perform some churacturs better than anyone else living, or perhaps hotter than anyouo will again — such as Louis tho Elevonth and tho Oorsieau Urolhers ; some foiv lie could illustrato fairly, but not iluulv ! wo will instance ltichulieu, and tlio husband in tlio " Wife's Secret." Hut when ho took a flight with Jcuvoan boldness into tlio higher regions, ids wings moltod, and lio foil. Ho was a gentleman and a scholur, hub hu had neither ilguro, face, voice, nor delivery to embody suoli niagnilicont creations as Othello, Lear, IIumlct-=or, in fact,' any of Sliakcsperu's lieros of tragedy or comedy. Wo once had tlie misfor tune to sco liim attempt King John j wo sut out one suuno. Ou another occasion wo wore conipotlcd out of politeness to a visitor from tlio country, to remain during tho ijvo nets of Henry VII L Wo shall never forgot! lie " Wolsoy," never. Wo had in ouy mind's eyo Harlow's piuluro of the Konibto family, und wo fanuied wo saw tlio ghost of John rise up in upbraid ing altitude before tlio deliberate murderer, and heard t. trembling, solf-abashcd criminal snv, "Thou c est not say 'twas I did it." Air. Kcan li ad correct conceptions, but lie was physically in- capnblo of tilling up liis own outlines, mid ho mado purely ridiculous from natural failings, that whiuh many of ids predoaossors lmd succeeded in realising as suhlimo, Air. Kcan had, no doubt, exquisite taste, so fur ns tho getting up of a play wont, nnd ho Biicacodod in dazzling liis audienco by tlio gprguousncBS of tlio Boonory, (ho gonornl harmony of ' details, and tlio splendour and correctness of the costumes. Ho was, no doubt, onoof I ho greatest dramatic mechanist tlmt ovor livod, und with oiuplo nivalis at his conininnd, nnd Griavos and Hoverley nt his elbow, lio brought sconos and places so powerfully before tlio spectators, that thoy forgot tho shortcomings of tho notor in their ad miration of the sconio displuy. Air. ICean was oxoeod- ingly fortunate in two tilings. Ho had n wife of tho very highest ubililios, of tlio most nminblo character, and possessed of qunlitios wliioli ondenred linr to ovcry ono who know lior — and ho lmd a father whoso nnmo was Edmund IConn.— 'Tlio death of the Emperor Mnxi- luilian — basely, oruelly, and terribly butchered as 1m was, may bo tlie euuso of firing tlio niino of ware a slight spark alono in wanting to make tlio whole of Eu- ropo and of the Amcrion9 one vnBt scene of bloodshed, disaster, and misery. _ Tbo murdor of tlio unfortunate- Binporor may " lot slip tlio dogs of war ;" tlio rumour of liis death caused men to turn palo in tho faco, to lay thoir hands ou their swords, and " Forward !" is roady to bo shouted from ovory court nnd camp in Europe. And yot " tlio death of Air. Charles Kcan struck deopor to tlio national heart." Tlio swayer of an empire and of tho destinies of a people — tlio com panion and equal of tlio proudest monarclis — is shot down in broad daylight by his bloodthirsty oaptor, nnd his dentil will not affect n people so much as that of en actor who might bo nblo to Irmvn into submission soiiio-ono or tivo dozon Btiporniimcrnrios, und who died upon tlie stage a few scorcs'of times orory year, clothed in tlie gaudy tinsel of n king, or tbo tinfoil ar mour of a soldier! Gheat AIixekal Dibcovehiks. -A gcntlcninn who hns just returned from the North, rcporta tlio dis covery of a gignntio ooppor mino of nppnrenlly lubitlous wealth. Upon milking tlio diseovory, tlio gentleman (well known to us) rodo off to tho l'oak Downs Copper Mino, nnd shoivod a sample of tlio oro to Air. Slionfo, who is a recognised authority upon such mattors. 'This latter gentlemnn accompanied tlio dis coverer to the locality, which was stated by him to be nctunlly tlio most extraordinary sight over witnessed, namely, a mass of Hills and walls of almost pure copper extending over twenty miles of oounlry. Wo were at first inclined to treat the matter ns a canard, but wu think tlio character and respectability of the parties who vouch for its (ruth; and who mado tlio diseovory, fully warrant our belief that their report is .substantially correct. Tlio said pnrtios loft by tho last stoamer for Sydney, where, no doubt, tlio thing wiil bo taken up by wealthy capitalists. Our minoral attractions nro apparently only |ust dawning upon us. Faih Flay.— All Englishmen havo an inherent loro of fair play, and they aro, perhaps, inoro generally auxions to carry this virtue to tho utmost, when a foreigner, who liis living amongst them, hns been levelled by an unexpected or foul blow. Such being tho ease, wo mnko no apology for recalling to our readers minds that somo woeks'siuco a Air. Michel, of North Itocklinmplou, was arrested upon tlio suspicion of having murdered ono Harry, tlio American. Wo thou hold very decided opinions upon tho subject, and Toll confident, from what wo . know of tho man, thai thero was not tlio least probability of liis being guilty of so fearful and so unneocssarya crime. Wc believed llmt the polico woro acting upon information received from a source on whiuli no ilepimda'ieo could be placed, and that Micro was a littio too much linBte, if not indiscretion, exemplified. Mr. Alieiicl was honor ably acquitted, thcroloro he was restored by that no- quittal to llmt position whiuh liis arrest bad for tho tinio taken from him. Wo nro happy now to say that positive proof I in tlio town that Harry was seen nlivo and well, mnny miles from llockiiiunptbn, three weeks after lie loft Miohel's house. Mr. Dick lms re ceived a letter from Air. AleLcnn, Alligator Creek, slating that llarry ealiod upon liiin on tlio 24th January lust, ami sold liiin two horses for which lie gavo the necessary receipt, duly signed and wit nessed, which receipts lie forwarded to Air. Diuk, in order to prove tho iiioecnoo ol Mieliol, and to satisfy tlio public mind. No proof could bi moro positive nnd convincing than this, nnd wo nro exceedingly gratified at thus being ublo to assist in completely clearing tho character of an unjustly neousod mini. As for tlio person or persons who acted the parts of base and cowardly informers, vo noithor onvy t'nem their feelings, nor tho ultiuiuto fnto which nwait tlieni, that is, unless men can wilfully and out of u spirit of malice or revenge, brcuk with impunity that cuniniiindmont whiuh says "Thou shall not. bear falso witnosB aguiiiBt thy neighbour." New AIinistuy.— ltnmour is busy witii thu names of the now Afiinistry, which private telegrams are ro- portod to havo shadowed ns follows: — Douglas, as Colonial Secretary ; A. II. Palmer, Trcnaurcr ; Pring, Attornoy-Gonurnl ; and Fitzgerald, Lands and Works. Tho two last avo most improbablo. Hhisiian'k 1'oUi.TttV Show. — Tho seventh annual poultry show appears to have passed off with perfect success. There wore it largo number of exhibits, and tho quality of tlio birds was of moro than ordinary average. 'Tho attendance was largo, and all classes nppoured to tako much interest in tho proceedings, und in spite of thq bad times, tlio amount of money taken at tho doors was very nearly equal to that of last sea son. Thero woro tliirty- tlvo prizes distributed to thu vnlue of £3(3. It appeal's that tlio old- fasliioncd Dork ing fowl still holds its own in tlio estimation of poultry breeders, although a cros9 botwoon tlio Hriilimapoota anil tlio Dorking attracted general admiration. Tlio Weekly Herald says thoy aro iirst-ralo layers, sitters, and mothers ; and that thoy are largo roomy birds, well- dovelopod, anil of a bountiful plumage. Wo refer to tlio show ns ono iiisttuieo to prove how dread fully inort we are in itockhiunpton about everything, that does not apply to tlio making of pounds, shillings and punco. All spirit appcurs to linvo departed from amongst us ; wo drag our lazy lengths along, without turning either to the right or to the left to pluck ono fiowor lrom tbo hedgerow to stick in our buttonholes. There is lio doubt that wc are " woighed down by tho weight of woe," aud that wo feel tlio pressure of tho times very severely, but wo do not conceive that \to are a bit worse off than our neighbors — in fact, wo are notoriously bettor off— and yet thoy can afford thoir racos, their shows, tlicir gala days, and enjoy them, too ; thoy confoss to delighting in sunshine, and if thoir clouds aro louring, they manago somehow or another to find ovory now and then a silrcr lining, whilo wo, l:ko bats and gouls, seem to onjoy darkness, and mopo moodily and sulkily aboitt, na'ifwewero continually losing shillings and finding sixpences. 'This is not. tlio way to " aehiovo grcutness j" idl work and no play makes Juck a dull boy ; besides, it makes us appear in a very ludicrous point of viow, to bo so continually calling out that wo are hurt, and publish ing ta tho world that our poverty provonts us from tnsting any of tlio pleasures of life, which nro tho best, and duoidedly tlio most ugreoahlo preventatives against thoso diseasu9 which coino nnder tlio head of tho " Miscrahles." Again, why should wo hold aloof from offering eucqurageniont to improvers pf stock und produce ; em illation is tho sharpest spur a man can have, and tlio breeder or tbo agriculturist is as proud . of his piocu of pinto as a schoolboy is of his hand somely bound rohuno, which ho takes homo with liim at Christ inue lime. 0 ur nput by , springing from whatovcr cause it may, is most injudicious ; it evinces u total want of coiirugo and of that spirit which onablos moti. to cupo with, and to conquor, difilcullies ; it leaves us in tlio rear when our proper place is in tho vain, aud wo aro regarded as a lot of cowsrdly and niggardly grumblers, who havo neither tho hearts to boar up against misfortunes, nor tho desire to find anything but disagreeables nt ovcry turn. Wlioro there's it will tlipre s a way ; if wo are displeasod with onr rulers ; if wo think ivq havo wrongs ; if we feel thnt wo nro pluying tho parts of cntspaws'tliere is a manly way of righting ourselves ; by crying pecetivi ns \vo do, and by holding ourselves nloof lrom a participation in those movements which all people, in other parts of tlio world recognise ns nbsolntoly necessary to oiisuro progress, wo nro simply proving oursolves unworthy of rising, and arp most decidedly biting oil' our noses to bo revenged on our faces. KitntsTiut! KuqiaTitii ! — On Alonday evoning Inst a meeting was held ui, Atr. Feasor's bourding-honse, Air. Hryson in tlio chair, tit which thoso present formed themselves into a Society to secure tlie registration ou tho electoral roll of the mono of ovory man in tlio distriot entitled to n vote, witiiout regard to puvty or political opinions. A treasurer nnd sccrotnry wore" ap pointed, other arrangements for tlio complete organisa tion of tlio Society will bo mndo nt future nicotings. Ah AanKKAiiLE Snnvioic. — At a Fourth of July celebration in Aluiion county, HI., a young lady offered the following toast " 'Tlio Young Men of America; their nrms our support, our anna tlicir reward," Fall in, men — fall ip, 