HISSES FROM THE SEA SERPENT. TO THE EDITOR. I Sir — YourMudholiau echoes are some thing like the hisses from your whilom correspondent the Sea Serpent. They are very few and far betvveer. |I think, Mr. Editor, it is as desirable iu a general way to note down the whimsicalities and oddities of our daily life as it is to note more important masters, at any rate it is tar better to do this than to occupy your space by echoing the ravings of a de mented league; Protection (so called). Amongst other things I have noticed, I may mention the late elections. The fun grew fast and furious at Smithfield, the free traders were there in force ex horting the electors as they came to the poll to reject the league candidates, forty live of the free and independent came to the mark in time to vote, I say in time because several came just a leetle, you know, too late. Others again came only to find their namaa conspicuous by their absence from the rolL I hope, Mr. Editor, you will do something towards showing the electors the necessity of registering prior to the grand fi^ht to come off early in '63. The Munno Para West Council constituency met on Mon day last for the adoption of a rate. As usual the Bang was very fussy and full of depression, fearing lest too high a rate should be adopted. He had nothing to fear however. The liberal and enligh tened ratepayers gave a sixpence, when double was required to meet the exigen cies of the ditt ictacd the times. One iiotable gent moved a three-penny rate, and strange to say, found a seconder. Luckily for the honor of the place this was not entertaiaed, that is judging from the votes. 14 ow for something more apropos to- the exordium with which I commenced this letter. I believe some practical joking, a short time since, occa sioned a ktw job. at your Court House, but the truth itself did not then come out. It was this— a gent not a hundred miles from Mallala made himself odious to some of his neighbors, they in return placed a plough of his up in a gumtree, and played .many other such-like pranks, ftnJing what wasgreally jokes by aa act of cruelty, viz., cutting ill the hair from the tafls attdmaneaxif his horses, and. for this in my opurioir they deserve punish? ment. For some time no jokes have been heard of, but on Sunday last, the congregation of a chapel near here were startled from their grave demeanour by the following announcement bong af fixed to a dilapidated cart belonging to Mr. C. Bidgway, butcher, said cart being minus the bottom and partly dismounted from the axle. Announcement, verb, et lit. 'Notice, notice, notice. To teamsters, farmers, squatters, and others. Peter Rowland has been favored with instruc tions from C. Ridgway to sell on Sunday, ; August 11th, at half- past four p.m. sharp, one splendid spring-trap, nearly new, with a * transparent ' bottom. Also Mr. Talbot's valuable horse Sam. Sam is a . beautiful Hch_ bay rising 99 years, stands 26£ hands high, with a bob tail,, he ww got Jby the eld imported hovse- Samuel. The' only reason the; M oner ' wishes to parti with him is be cause the /'oner' is -a shingle shor£ Also the old horse I drive in iny trap. The auctioneer (alls special attention to j this most important sale. Approved bills over £100 at three months, ino. books allowed. On the ground. Se , | reserve, he having received positive in structions to sell if there is any dOmpeija tion. Shampaine lunch provided at Mr; Talbot's residence. Discount for . cash. Who let you out.' It appears that th6 perpetrators of this absurdity had with much trouble wheeled this ghost ~of 4 vehicle nearly a' mile and placed it in the yard beside the chapel. Of course, however} much one may laugh at this ludicious contretemps, there can be but one opinion as to the impropriety ° of placing it in such contiguity to a place ' which ought to be sacred. . The «ucl. tioneer referred to I hear has offered 'a : handsome reward to any person who i will give such information as will lead to the punishment of the offender or offen ders. SEA SERPENT. ; ' ' i t'i 