THE GHOST AT BEECHOVER HALL. (PROM THE CHRISTMAS NUMBER 'OF ONCE A WEEK.) 'I have no hesitation, Captain ' Arden, in sserting that you are an infidel and a heretic.' liss Dampier preferred this, grave charge against le solely because I had expressed an utter disbelief 1 spiritual manifestations. The. attack was made i the long drawing-room at Beechoyer Hall, where large party were gathered round the old-fashioned re-place: and never did tho 'jolly dogs 'which apported the blazing wood, grin upon a ploasanter irele — at least, I thought so. My brother officer, ack Beresford, and inyself were, I believe, the only lemoers 01 me yuxuy wiio uuuui iiw cxuim wes oi indred with either Sir Harry or Lady Dampier; id both of us were earnestly desirous of enrolling nr names amongst their connections, for Jack was i much in love with Laura as I was with Ethel tampier. Ethel was the eldest by a year, though le waa usually taken for the younger, her sister's yle of beauty boing of a statelier order and her lannermore composed. Ethel was alllife andauima on, aLd her eyes spoke even more than her lips. qv hair, of that peculiar, shade called by our neigh 9rs ' brun cendre,' seomed a very burden to her, ir great rolls were .constantly slipping:out at wrong laces, and bringing, blushes to her cheeks as she ied to push the rebels back. Her figure was per ct, though small, and every movement had a namo ss grace of its own. Laura was taller, and her esonce more commanding: her hah* and eyes, io, were darker. By many she was thought the andsomest': but she wanted that provoking fasoi jtion, which Ethel possessed— at least, I thought ? ; probably Jack was of; a different opinion. The season' for both of us was unusually pleasant, id passed more qu ickly than ever ; but the regret lat came with its close was mitigated by an invita sn to Beechover, Sir Harry's country place. The vitation pleased us all the more because it seemed indicate that Sir Harry did not disapprove of ir attentions to his daughters, and that the mng ladies had no particular aversion to their Imirers. In London, outf intercourse had not me further than the limits of flirtation, and lither of us felt suro that it would! ever bo per itted to outstep those bounds. This was the state affairs when wo found ourselves at Christmas i&er; the same roof with the objects of our affeo -ns. Shouts of laughter of course hailed Miss ampier'a attaok upon my incredulity. 'Did you er see a ghost, Miss Dampier?' I retorted; 'I a thankful to nay,' she answered. ' that I can be ve without seeing ; but as you ore not gifted with e same amount of faith, I only hope you may be avinoed by ocular demonstration.' ' There is \--hing I should like better,' I replied. 'Let us vertiae for a ghost ; but perhaps, Miss Dampier, ?u have one on. the premises, which will ; save us e trouble.' ' Of course we have.. Did you ever iar of a respectable family that had not? It is ly your nobodies who are ghostless.' ' I should ve said that it was ,your no .bodies who are osts.' ';Fornhame, Captain Arden I I, did not ink you would condescend to a pun, and such ii e 1' ' I .will try and blush, if you will only tell all about this family ghost. I hope it is a female,, d young and pretty, if I am to make its acquain we.' ' I shall not waste my breath upon an un Uevor; you would only laugh at me and my -ry.' 'Givo mo the chance* Hiss Dampier. dnk what a triumph if would bo if you wore to avert mo. I promise to do my best to believe, dood I will if I can. So, pray tell us all about ur ghost.' 'Do tell us, Ethel,' echoed a chorus pretty cousins. After a little more pressing Miss unpier complied with our request, and told her le so well, that I should only spoil it by attempt l to repeat its words. It was tho styreotyped ost story. There were rustling silks hoard in tho fridors ; the wearer was deadly pale, and was asscd in a Court costume (why is it that ghosts \- always dressed for Court?) The only thing ich gave this ghost any individuality was, that Dugh hor silks wero ofton heard, eho was only m on Chriatmas-ovo, and that on thoso occasions s carried a buby in hor arms to tho oontro window the picturo-gallery, and, aftor a succession of esfrom (he infant, returned, without it, This evidently hinted at a murder, and caused great ex citement amongst the audience, which became in tense when some one remarked that the following night was that of the annual infanticide Miss Dampier's tale was only the first of. a series. Every one has really a true history to relate of a ghost, saen by a friend or a friend's friend j but, strange to say, eye-wifcneBses are never forthcoming. They would have gone on all night, I believe, had not Lady Dampier at length made a move, and carried off the young ladies. We men remained behind, and a smoke in the billiard-room drove the subject of our evening's conversation entirely from my mind. ?? Will you meet me in half an hour in tho picture-gallery?' said Miss Dampier, after break fast next morning. 'I have something very par ticular to talk to you about. I will bring thebattle^ dores and shuttlecocks as an excuse for a tete-a-tete I need not' say how gladly I promised to meet Miss Dampier at the appointed hour and place. To be taken into her '? confidence upon a matter however, slight was a step in the right direction : there was no knowing what'might como of a private interview ; a word; might fall or a glance be given which might serve as a clue to the feelings of her heart.. The intervening half hour was spent in vain conjectures as to what, could be tho purport of Miss Dampier's . communicatioB. At its expiration I : made my way to the gallery, and while waiting for Miss Dampier had ample tin1 a to look around me. The gallery was very long and low, running the whole length of the house. It was lighted by fifteen oriel bay windows, upon which wero various coats of arms in colored glass. The space between the windows and the whole of the opposite wall, except where doors led into the principal bed-rooms, was entirely, concealed by family portraits, so closely packed to gether that it was- impossible to discover tho color, of the wall. The chief portion of the mansion had been refurnished of late years, but the gallery evi dently had not been touched since the day it was first fitted up—probably in the time of Elizabeth, as the ground plan of the house took the form of tho letter E, a compliment often paid by architects to the Maiden Queen. After making the tour of the room, and endeavoring to trace a likeness to Ethel amongst her ancestors, I: turned into one of the bays, and took a seat. ' I know I am late, Captain Arden,' said Miss Dampier, running up to my rest ing-place with the battledores in her hand, 'but you must excuse me, as I could not effect my escape before from the drawing-room. . Of course you. are burning to know what I have to communicate. Talk of woman's curiosity— it is nothing to man's. Take a battledore, and I will let you into my secret. I. have got a 'capital idea in my head, and I want your help to carry it out. You remember, perhaps, that this is| the ghost's night? Well, I mean to play the ghost 1| . Won't it be fun to frighten them all out of their senses ? I only wish I did not require your protection, for I should have enjoyed seeing you snaking with terror ; but I really am afraid to come into the gallery by myself, and this night above all nights in the year.' I looked my thanks, but before ;I had time to express them in words, she continued-j-'^ I knew I could have asked one of the girls to accompanyme, but if there was any cause for alarm she would be sure to faint or runaway. Now I think, Captain Arden, you would stay and protect me, wouldn't you ?' ' Protect you, Eth— Miss Dampier, I mean ! I would protect you with my life— against all comers, ghosts included I' ' Don't he rash ! but listen to my plans. Up-stairs there is an old wardrobe filled with costumes worn by our great-grandmothers. .-. I have taken the key off the housekeeper's bunch, and intend this afternoon to ab stract a dress of the stiffestsilklcanfind; onethatwill rustle well.. I think I remember a blue silk ;that will suit exactly. I shall powder my face and look very ghastly, and when all have retired for the night I will join you here. Is it not a glorious idea ? Every one will be on the qui vive .to night, and the first rustle of my silk will be sure to be heard.' I agreed that the idea was capital, and laughed with her . at the thought of . the terror which her ghost-like appearance would inspire, my conscience all the while telling me that -I was wrong to encourage , a practical joke, which might be followed by bad effects. But how could I give up the sweet pleasure of, pleasing Ethel* and sf sharing a secret with her? ' But you have for gotten the baby,' I suggested. ' No, indeed, I have not,'i she replied. 'There is a young puppy in the stables,' which I shall carry to my room; an old doll's dresB and cap will convert it into a first rate infant; and a judicious pinch, adminis tered at the right moment, will extract a cry not unlike a baby's. Everyone will be too frightened to be critical.!1 Business concluded, -, we - com menced our gamo. 3?or showing off a woman's geacefulness there is nothing like a battledore and shuttlecock. I had never known half Ethel's beauty till I saw her, with arm ..; extended and cheek flushed, springing now here, now thore, in the excitement of the game, every curv§, seeming doubly graceful, every movement doubly fascin ating. Fatigued at last, after keeping up the shuttlecock some incredible number of times, she sunk upon a neighboring sofa, panting and out of breath. The enemy is exhausted, thought I; now is tho time to go in and win. And, taking a seat by hor side, I ventured a preliminary remark of rather a romantic character; but before I had time to make any further advances, Ethel had taken fright, and was on her feet again. 'I don't think you have been introduced to my ancestors, have you, Captain Arden?' she. asked at once. 'As 1 a military man you might perhaps liko to become acquainted with some of the fighting Dampiers. ' This euit of armour belonged to one. Koger de Dampier ; it is dented with arrows shot at : Aginnourt. Can't you stand straight, Mr Rogor, one would think your knees were, shaking with fear of the French. ' This dandy, with long hang ing sleeves, and pointed shoes, like elongated boot roots, is not tho sort of man you would think likely to stiok to n losing came ; and yet ho fol lowed Margaret of Anjou till he fell at Tewkesbury. 'There is their1 son, who fled over seas, and re turned with Richmond to die on Bosworth Field ' Here is good Queen Bess herself. You cannot mistake her rod hair and starched ruff. The old ludy passed a night at Beechover ou one of her pleasure trips. 'This is her host, Sir Jasper Dumpier. His bill for a night's board dud lodg ing was paid with a baronetcy. Well, I have known higher titles given for loss. At all events, there Li nothing to bo ashamed of in the way we gained our red hand.' ' This is evidently a Dundreary of the period. What a lovely dross 1 groy satin and cherry color.' ' This is supposed to .be the ghost, but no ono knows who sho is. I shall novcr be able to dross ihy 'hair with those dork-screw curls, unless I' cut it, which I havo no intention of doing ; in all other respects my make-up will be perfect. This grey young man, with long embroidered- waistcoat and stockings with gold clocks, was one of Marl bro's colonels. And now ' I think you have had enough of me and my ancestors, so au revoir,' and before I had time to utter a word the provok ing beauty was half-way, down the gallery. By half-past : twelve the house was still,; and at a quarter to ; one, having put on a pair of noiseless slippers, I made my way to the picture-gallery. There wasno need of a candle to find the way, for . the moon ;was:shining brightly ; in the gallery it was almost as light as day. . The clock struck one, and Ethel had not.arrived.: I began to think she had taken fright at meeting the lady; in : blue. I seated myself in the window, where I.had promised to wait her: arrival, arid wiled away the minutes in looking at the wintry landscape^ ' Asleep, and on duty, ; Captain Arden ? I must report you to your colonel; but I suppose. it is my fault for keeping you waiting in the cold. Am not I a first rate ghost? I was quite terrifies! at looking at myself in the glass. I really believe I should frighten the ghost herself .' There was a tremor in her ^oice which betrayed agitation. I saw that she shivered slightly as she seated herself in the bay window, all the animation which had glistened in her eye in the morning at ihe prospect of her midnight walk had vanished, and the smile with which she asked what I thought of her 'get-np' was only a counterfeit. We talked in whispers for a few minutes, for Ethel seemed to wish to have an excuse for not starting oh her * expedition immediately. I had no desire to hurry her, forgetting .altogether the object of our meeting, in the happiness of gazing into her eyes, and feeling her breath upon my cheek. A sudden impulse caused me to look down the gallery— why, 1 ^ cannot tell,' unless some sound almost inaudible may have reached my ear. To my amazement I thought I saw a figure at the farthest end of - the room— whether man or woman I could not tell — I only saw., that something moved. It approached very, slowly, and at last came full into the moonlight — it was a woman I though a long way off, I could see that she was dressed liko Ethel, in an ancient costume, and I could see that she carried something in her arms — something white. It was the real ghost and her infant ! There could be no deubtiof it. I could see her now more dis tinctly, for she had advanced as far as the second window. This was a Roland for an Oliver with a vengeance II did not feel nervous; but' awe-struck. I believed at once in spiritual -manifestations. 0n it came, gliding slowly with aa almost imperceptible motion, pausing. constantly, and looking back; it had reached the fifth window, the rustling of the silk was .growing quite audible. I wondered that Ethel did not catch the sound ; what was I to do ? Was I to tell her ? She must hear the sound before long. Mybrain was iri'awhirl. I had heard of the terrible effects of sudden frights— of people turning gray in a single night ; nay, even of becom ing raving mad. God knows I weuld have died to save my darling from such a fate; I was helpless, powerless ;'? I felt like one in a night mare — the danger was approaching, but I was spell bound; like the poor rabbit, I was fascinated, though the serpent's- fangs wero close upon me. The ghost was now at the seventh window, it stood still for a second, and then disappeared iu the bay. Thank heaven ! now I might be able to persuade Ethel to leave the gallery; but how to do it was the question. : I was just going to take her up in my arms and rush with her from the gallery ; when the ghost emerged again and stood full in the moon shine. Too late! . Too late! She had now reached the eighth window; she Btopped again ' and disappeared in the recess. Thore ore fifteen windows, thought I, then tho eighth must be the centre ; wo shall hear thebaby's cry in a' minute ; Ethel must hear that. I was ; distracted— in despair. The ghost was again in the moonlight, she had put off the murder for a time ; the rustling became more distinct. I was in agosy; half maddened ; my face must have betrayed my emotion, for Ethel jumped from her seat; V What is the matter, Harry?' she cried; ' are you ill? your face is so strange.' ;? It was too late^ — I could riot ' save her 1 She pushed past me, and stoodface to face with the ghost, who waa now only four windows distant; Uttering a piercing shriek, she cried— 'Harry I— dear Harry, bovo me!' and fell fainting into my . arms. ' Help ! — help !' I called ; but before tho words wero past my lips, another cry rang- through the gallery. Was it the echo ? No ! it was in a different key to Ethel's. I looked up, and saw the ghost upon the floor — fainting, too ! In a second more Jack's strong arms were supporting . the inanimate form. Ho, like my self, had been- concealed in one of the bay windows. My eyes were opened : my disbelief in ghosts re turned stronger than ever. The ghost was not a ghest after all, but flesh and blood. The ghost was Laura Dampier! arid now the 1 rival ghosts were fainting each with terror at the other— each fully believing that the other was the: Lady, in Blue, who haunted the picture gallery. ,: The two successive shrieks had more effect than the rustling of rival silks. Bolts began to; xinbolt, looks to unlock, and doors to open, displaying startled faces. Eyes scarcely open from their first sleep peered into the gallery, and drowsy voices asked what was the mat ter ? Women's eries j muffled by . the bed-clothes, sounded frpm: some chambers ; ?' The ghost ! — the ghost.l' echoed wildly from others. 'Water,' Icried. ' Salts,' called Jack. : We were now the centre of a crowd, carrying bed-room ? candles, who had plucked up. courage to leave their, rooms. Salts and sal-volatile pour in on all sides. , Volunteers to rub the young ladies' hands, and plenty more, to suggest impracticable remedies, soon did their work. 'Whore ami?' whispered Laura, whilst a deep sigh heralded Ethel's return to consciousness. They looked round inquiringly, and both seemed be wildered at the circle of faces which hemmed thorn in. At last tho eyes of tho sisters mot!— For an instant they scanned each othor curiously, and then a look pf roliof appeared upon both countenances. 'Wero you, tho ghost?' they cried, simulta neously, and a fpoble laugh from each proclaimed that they were satisfied. The laugh was contagious and became general. It would bo impossible to describe tho deshabilles that appeared in the gallery that night. There were wraps of all ;Bovt9, shawla of all colors, cloaks of all shapes, night- caps of all pat tevuy, forming a tout ensemble truly grotesque. Wo four, who felt ourselves, to bo proporly equipped at all points, could attord-to, laugh at the ridiculous figures cut by our. frionda— and ;wo did laugh ; biit there was puo mouth that did not relax oven into a snn'lo, ;. j . ^,. , ' Don't bo angry.'dear papa,' 'pleaded Etliol' wo have beon foolish, very foolish, but wo havo been punished enough fos our folly, It ap pears that the same idea . struck Laura and myself; we both thought it would be fun to play the ghost, and frighten you all out of your senses. The tables have been turned ; instead of } terrifying you, wo have half killed each other with fright. I was afraid that I might meet the real ghost, and accordingly I asked Captain Ardontobe present. I suppose Laura . invited Captain Beresford. for the same reason. There, papa, you have the whole truth; but, really, if you wish riie to preserve my gravity you must put your uight-cap straight ; it does give you such a comical look.' Sir Harry did not join in Ethel's laugh, on the contrary, he looked very glum; but at this stage of the proceedings an event occured provi dentially which restored him to good humor. Ethel's baby, who had been sleeping soundly, sud denly awoke and quietly walked off— burking vio lently; the noise aroused Laura's infant, who sprang off her lap, and mewiag piteously, hurried away as fast as her robes would permit, This was too much even for Sir Harry^— he joined in the universal shout of laughter, and afterwards kissed and forgave his daughters. Whether Jack had the same reason as I had for thanking the catastrophe in the picture gallery , I cannot say. I only know that before the)noxt season arrived Laura and Ethel Dampier were the wiveB of Jack Boresford and Harry Arden. , - * 