ITEMS qi NEWS. A mining manager offjiunes say a, in answer to the Castlemaine appeal -J." I have entered into tha matter for the relief o| Jour Cornish miner a. I r Vrijl do all in my power to (father their emigrating to this country, as I believe I shall be in a position to « UUUULCU or tvo 01 gouu iuiucio fjj wuo time they arrive. Wage»jaow with us is £2 2s per Week for the eight houtfe shift. This amount would be equal to four weeks of the miners at home. The Cornish miner is olien a good agricultural labourer and gardener. 'Just the men for this colony in thousands." j By reference to an advertisement _ it will be seen that the early closing movement is a success, all the leading business men of the town agreeing to give their employes a holiday from 2 p.m. on each Wednesday. Dr Mackay, the district coroner, held an inquest yesterday at the Junction, near Elphin- stone. The subject of inquiry was a still-born child, and a verdict to that effect was re turned. On last Sabbath day morning, at the Baptist Church, Castlemaine, the Rev. H. S. Cramer preached on behalf of the sufferers in Sydney. A collection was made, amounting to nearly seven pounds. The Ladies' Committee of the Castlemaine Benevolent Asylum held their usual weekly meeting, at the Town Hall, yesterday afternoon, and granted relief to 34 families, consisting of 16 men, 34 women, and 68 children, making in the aggregate 118 persons. Some repairs are being executed at the reser voir in Crocodile Gully, but they are certainly not being carried out in the most economical manner. The end sought to be obtained is requisite for the preservation of the water supply. At the Police Court yesterday, the business consisted in dealing with one drunkard and one lunatic. In a debt case, Young v Buchanan, £4 15s 6d, use of billiard room, a Werdict was given for amount. The same result occurred in the case M'Ewan v F. H.Nixon, £6 10s, rent due. At a meeting held last night at Carah's hotel to elect two new members for the Campbell's Creek Road Board, it was proposed by Mr Vivian, and seconded by Mr Jeffrey, and unanimously carried, that Mr Dickinson and Mr Tolstrup are fit and proper persons to repre sent the ratepayers. This evening Mr A. Kirwan, J.P., will deliver a lecture at tbe Mechanics' Institute, Newstead, on " Mechanics' Institutes, their Origin and Uses." Doubtless the public by their presence will encourage so laudable a motive as the pro motion of a mechanics' institute in that energetic and rising township. The following is the programme of music to be performed this evening by the band of the Cas tlemaine Volunteer Rifles, under the direction of Mr Huenerbein, in the Market Hall, at eight o'clock -Waltz, Forget-me-not, Lambert; Bishop's Melody Quadrille, Swatton ; air from Lucretia Borgia, II Segretto, Donizetti ; Tri umphal March of General Sir Colin Campbell, Harvey ; Amy Polka, Schott ; selection from the Daughter of tbe Regiment, Donizetti ; overture, C. A. Minstrels ; God Save the Queen. Yesterday Mr C. R. Rowe, the local agent of the Castlemaine Paving Co., showed us a mon ster slab obtained from tbe company's ground at Barker's Creek, and consigned to Mr Thorburn, the company's agent, Lonsdale-street, Mel bourne. The piece of stone referred to was 16ft 3in long by oft 7in wide, and 3iin thick. It was quite free from any flaw throughout, and was certainly of a most durable character. The ex hibition of the slab in Melbourne will help to give the public there an idea of the resources of the company for supplying in unlimited quantity a kind of material now so extensively applied in architecture of every description and our streets and thoroughfares generally. We understand that slabs 40ft in length, of the same excellent quality, are obtainable, but the labour of remov ing them is so great that for convenience they are reduced in size previous to removal from the quarry. At the Geelong Police Court on Monday, amongst the list of drunkards appeared the name of Eliza beth Wills, alias Mitchel, alias Terry, the deaf and dumb wife of the murderer recently condemned to death at Castlemaine. From the evidence of the police, it appeared that she is a very skilful needle woman, resides at Newton, and has two children, the eldest a boy aged eight years ; that she has ap peared before the court twenty times before on similar charges, and that she returned to Gee- long on Friday night from Castlemaine, where she was brought by the police for her husband's trial. She was fined os, or twenty-four hours' imprison ment. The manager of the Daylesford Extension Gold Mining Company, Yandoit, reports under date of 6th July : — The yield from 735 trucks this fortnight has been 31oz Udwt 18gr of gold, value £123 19s Sd. We are still blocking out ; a block of thirty- six feet long by about eighteen feet wide has been taken out. The washdirt is from two feet and a half to three feet thick. Within the last few days the dirt has been rather better than we have had it dur ing the fortnight. In the Supreme Court on Saturday, Mr Justice Molesworth heard the petition of Moss Joshua, mer- | chant, for the compulsory sequestration of the es- i tate of William Forlonge, squatter in Victoria, New j South Wales, and Queensland. The alleged act of i insolvency was, "departing from the colony in May last with intent to delay and defeat creditors." The petitioning creditor's debt was £203,519 10s 9d ; and other debts, secured or unsecured, were stated — of £66,000 to the Bank of Australasia, of £7000 to Messrs Turnbull, of £4000 to Messrs Towns, of £1S00 to Lloyd Jones, and £1000 to Goldsbrough and Co. The case broke down on the evidence of intention to delay or defeat creditors by the journey to New South Wales. It appeared that the defendant had, or might reasonably be supposed to have had, or at least it was not shown on the other side to be reasonable to suppose that he had not, reasons for going to Sydney in May last in con nection with his affairs there not finally wound up when he made his journey ; that for many years past he had been in the habit of frequently passing between Sydney and Melbourne ; and that on this occasion his visit was not concealed, but was an nounced to creditors with whom he came in contact before he started. The petition was dismissed with costs. — Argus. Papers, purporting to be a return to an order of the Assembly on the motion of Mr Jones for " copies of the conditions originally imposed upon Mr Greenwood, the contractor for the works at Malmsbury, and of the conditions afterwards sought to be imposed by the hon. the Minister of Mines," upon the occasion of the contractor applying to change his banking account from the Hon. Henry Miller's Savings institute of Vic toria to the Bank of New South Wales, were pre sented to the Assembly last week. They present, writes the Argus, a somewhat equivocal aspect ; for, while the motion of Mr Jones referred to " condi tions'' generally, the copy of the conditions in the return is headed " general conditions," which words are underlined. In the letter of Mr Christopher-- son, which is the only other document in the returns, that gentleman also speaks of "general conditions," and says that "on the occasion of Messrs Green wood and Co. applying to be allowed to substitute a deposit-receipt of tbe Bank of New South Wales in lieu of that now held by the department in the Victorian Life and General Insurance Company and Savings Institute, no new general conditions were sought to be imposed upon the contractors ; but to simplify tbe action of the department, Messrs Greenwood and Co. were requested to execute a deed recognising and substituting the authority of the chief engineer for water-supply in lieu of that of the engineer-in-chief of railways, for the purpose of supervising the works, and enforcing the conditions of contract on behalf of the Government ; the engineer-in-chief of the Railway department having been appointed in that capacity under the conditions of contract before the formation of this department. The question naturally suggests itself, were there other conditions besides "general" ones ? Perhaps some member will make this inquiry, and also move for copies of all correspondence which has taken place between Messrs Greenwood and the Go- yernment on this subject. A Mr Poole just returned to San Franciso gives a sad picture of the revolting cruelty to which the quasi kidnapped Chinese and Kana kas are subjected in Tahiti by the French. One William Stuart, a North of Ireland man, last from Sydney, is described as the manager and superintendent of the establishment together with brother James. In the neighbourhood of Rochford the in habitants have been frightened by what some call a ghost, and others a baboon. He has been several times seen in Mr Musty 's paddock, laying violent hands upon the sheep, several of which he has killed, but has always managed to make his escape unhurt. The Lancefield Guardian remarks, " he is a baboon, and has probably escaped from the Zoological Gar dens." The Daylesford Express says: — No clue has been obtained to the man Warner alias Brassey, who mysteriously disappeared from his home at Franklinford on Sunday, the 16th June. The most suspicious circumstance about his absence is, that a favourite little dog of his was found locked in his hut. There are other facts which we are not at liberty to mention, tending to show that a murder had been committed. The de tective police, for nearly a fortnight, have been quietly following up inquiries into the matter, and endeavouring to find the body. Banks, the man now in custody on suspicion of being the assassin of Warner, is one of those repulsive- looking personages that are usually seen in a criminal dock. A very exciting scene in connection with the dissolution of partnership of a well- known firm in the farriery and blacksmith trade, in Har- greaves-street, occured in Sandhurst, on Monday afternoon. It appears that the two partners conld not agree as to the ownership of some of the property, including the large sign which ex tended across the pathway, and one of them seized the sign, and was carrying it off, when his claim was disputed by the other. A strug gle ensued, and blows were exchanged, when one of the belligerents caught up a small ham mer used in the shop, and dealt a blow on the cheek of the other, inflicting a deep gash. A doctor had to be procured to attend the wounded man, who will eventually, we learn, call in the aid of the lawyers to settle the quarrel. Captain Kelly, of the barque Atlantic, which arrived in the Bay on Monday night from Syd ney, in a great measure confirms the statement of Captain M'Lean, of the steamer Coorong, with regard to the wreck reported to have been seen between Moonlight Head and Curdie's Inlet, and of which the Victoria went in search. Captain Kelly states that on Sunday last, at 5.45 p.m., he sighted a vessel bottom up, and as nearly as possible about 60 fee t in length, and rising about four feet out of the water. The wind was then blowing strong from the north, with thick drizzling rain, and his vessel was under double-reefed topsails and courses, and laying up west and by north closebauled ; Cape Otway bearing (true) N.W. | W., and from twenty-five to twenty-seven miles distant. About eight p.m. a spar or log was passed, and again at eleven p.m. several spars or logs, King's Island bearing (true) about twenty-seven miles. Captain Kelly also stales that he passed close to the wreck and kept a look-out for any boat that might be in the neighbourhood of the wreck. The particulars he has given were acquired under great difficulty on account of the boisterous weather. On Saturday last, says the Times, an unfor tunate occurrence took place in High-street. Mr M'Millan, the well-known butcher of Sandy Creek, was doing business in the Albion Hotel, and left his young son holding the mare attached to the spring cart. A lorry was coming up the street, and the driver cracked his whip just over the head of Mr M'Millan's mare, causing her to bolt. The boy held on manfully for a minute or so, but the passers by, seeing his danger, called out to him to let go, which he did. The mare ran furiously down the street, and brought herself up at the Royal Hotel against the two- horse team of Mr Sutherland, the biscuit baker of Newstead, the off-shart of Mr M'Millan's cart plunging up to the belly-band into the off side horse of Mr Sutherland. The animal was taken out of the shafts, and a vet. employed, but 'nothing good could be done, and the horse died the same afternoon. The accident is as unfor tunate for Mr M'Millan as for Mr Sutherland, as it was through no fault of his. but he will, of course, have to recompense Mr Sutherland for the loss of the horse, which we understand was a very valuable one. Mr Gideon S. Lang has drawn up a report on behalf of the provisional committee formed for the purpose of considering the advisability of boiling down fat stock for tallow, and fat cattle and sheep for securing the meat. The pith of this document is thus given by tbe Pastoral Times — It suggests three establishments, one at Hay, another at Deniliquin, and a third at Echuca, It estimates the sheep of Riverina at 7,500,000, and about an equal number in the other half of New South Wales, the annual cost being put down as one-filth for the consumption of this year. The number of sheep passing through the Melbourne yards are approximately set down at 550,000 ; the entire consumption of I Victoria 1,925,000, or between Victoria and 1 Riverina the consumption is 2,000,000 annually. 1 The population of Riverina is put down as 20,000, and of Victoria and Riverina, 660,000. The wethers to be boiled down are put as equal to 551b. Mr Lang proposes to boil down in Riverina 1,000,000, in addition to which 2,000,000 of Victoria's must go to the melting- pot this year. It is estimated that 1000 fat wethers averaging 601b, and yielding 2Slb of tallow, will net £354 7s 6d, or 7s Id for tallow alone. Adapting Liebeg's process to the boiling- down for tallow, the essence from each sheep should be 4s 10id ; to these we have to add the price of the skin, bones, etc. — the product of a sheep of the weight indicated would be about 14s 2id. Travelling by the road in South Riverina at this season of the year cannot be an agreeable undertaking for any individual, high or low. How a Judge of New South Wales fared on the occasiou of his engaging in a cruise upon wheels between Deniliquin and Hay, may be gathered from the following lively sketch, taken from a Deniliauiu iournal : — " His Honour .Tndffi Francis will be able to tell the Sydney folk his experience in travelling through Southern Ri verina. The learned Judge, who is somewhere between 6ft and 7ft high, went to Hay on Satur day night last by Cobb's coach — distance, eighty miles — through mud and water, and none but those who have endured the purgatory can de scribe that toilsome journey during about fifteen hours. Sometimes the coach rocks from side to side with violence ; at other times its motion is upwards and downwards. One moment the passengers' heads are bumped agrainst the sides with great force ; at another the heads are struck against the roof with a degree of violence peculiarly unpleasant even to persons whose sen sibilities are not of the keenest kind. His Honour was mercilessly punished, and he threatened the driver with all the pains and penalties of the law. Sometimes it was a Ji. fa., or a ca. sa., then a ca. re., then a de lunatico inquirendo ; after this there was to be a little go in the Court of Hay — but in vain. Smack went tbe whip, round went tbe wheels ; sometimes ploughing through mud and slop, at other times the coach was half swimming, and all the ap peals of the esteemed Judge were vain. Even tually he reached Southern Hay, where his Honour had to take a boat for about a mile. It would be a great couveuieuce to persons of the learned J udge's stature if they were made on the telescopic principle — to open and shut. His Honour on his return to Deniliquin on Tuesday, took breakfast at Roberts's hotel — perhaps to file a bill of recovery. He was a picture of despair, patience exhausted, and especially sick of life in Southern Riverina." Judge Cope has been presiding over the great railway congress at Wangaratta. The copper ore discovered near Buninyong has been sent to Melbourne for assay. The Ballarat wood carters now go for wood within a mile of the town of Smythesdale. A number of master bakers repudiate, by ad vertisement, the recent intimation that the price of bread has been raised one penny. The plains beyond Batesford now swarm with plover ; many of them are of the spur- wiDg variety. A branch of the Commercial Bank of Australia will be opened at Pall Mall, Sandhurst, on the 1st of August. The trial of Searle and Ballan, we learn, was to commenc yesterday at Ballarat, and that of Man ton, charged with the Buninyong murder, is put down for Thursday. A company has been formed to work the patent Secured by Messrs John Levy and Sons for the dis tillation of spirit from beet-root. Twelve tons of grapes and thirty hogsheads of wine have been produced this year from five and a half acres of vines in full bearing, grown by Mr Diedrich, of Fyansford. An official letter in one of the Melbourne papers goes to show that over one hundred eyes have been lost in the Sunbury Industrial School through disease and mismanagement. A monster meeting of the companies who have agreed to accept the recommendations of the Royal Commission was held in Ballarat for the purpose of expressing their concurrence in the report of the Royal Commission. There is great dismay amongst the gas-fitters in Adelaide, owing to the Melbourne authorities having been beforehand with them, and pur chased all the available gas-pipes here for the purpose of illuminating Melbourne on the ar rival of the Duke of Edinburgh. At Wood's Point and Matlock the weather has been bitterly inclement. Those who enjoy hyper borean climates would, no doubt, regard the latter place just now with particular favour. On Tuesday last there was about 6in. of snow all over the hill, icicles were hanging from the roofs of the houses, and the water in the tubs and casks was so frozen that it was impossible with out the application of heat to draw water out of the barrels. An atrocious propensity has latterly been super added to the ordinary brutality of colonial rowdyism —the practice of biting. Now, it is an ear that is bitten off, then it is a piece of the nose, and at another time the lip is the feature assailed. The Williamstown Police Court was on Monday occupied with a case, the pith of which was, that in a drunken row, one ruffian bit another in several places, and actually bit one of his lips off, so that the wretch will be maimed tor life. A quantity of hay, about 100 tons, has within the past few days been pressed at Ballarat, and for warded to Melbourne for shipment as fodder for horses on the passage to India. MrNicholl, of Arm strong-street, sent sixty tons, and Mr Laing, Cres- wick-road, forty tons. The Star remarks that "the time for the execution of such, an order was very opportune, and though without visible effect on the list of the prevailing low prices, the new demand had a favourable effect in relieving the market of an over-supply." In the County Court on Monday, three burgesses of the borough of Brighton were summoned for the non-payment of their rates. It seemed that the rate was struck in 1865, and at a time when the council was in debt to the amount of £791 7s 7d for contracts. It was urged for the defence that this fact was strong presumptive evidence that the rate was levied for the purpose of paying off a debt ; and that, therefore, it was bad in law, according to the decision of the Supreme Court in the case of Newman v the Mayor of Maryborough. HisHonour took the same view, and nonsuited the plaintiffs. A rather interesting fact in connection with co lonial industries was madementionof in the directors' report presented at the meeting of shareholders in the Gipps Land Copper Mine Company, held yester day. The directors, having in contemplation the erection of two furnaces for smelting operations, put samples of English made bricks, and also some of j colonial manufacture, to a practical test, when the latter were found to pass through the ordeal with far greater advantage than the imported article. At the present time, when building is being undertaken everywhere around us, this is a fact which ought to be made generally known. An old resident of Melbourne writes from Callao in the following terms, under date 12 th May : — " I have to inform you that Wardrop, the ex-member for Richmond, has left here, by way of Valparaiso, on his way back to Melbourne. I have seen many of the papers containing extracts not at all to his credit, stating that he took a large amount of money with him. Now, I am positively certain that he landed in Callao with something under £59, which went in less than a month. On losing a situation he had here, he had not a single dollar, as he had to sacrifice his watch, etc. At last, as he earnestly wished to go back to Melbourne, on account of the reports in the papers, he was enabled to obtain a free passage in a sailing vessel to Valparaiso, the captain of the vessel promising to use his influence with any of his friends there to get him a passage to Australia, as there was no chance of getting direct from Callao. ... If you happen to know any of the directors of the building society, you are at perfect liberty to use this, as I think there must be some mystery in the matter which requires explain ing. He appears to have left Melbourne without any preparation, as he had no clothes with him but what were on his back." The red deer is now known to thrive admirably in Victoria, and will, doubtless, in course of time, be found roaming among many of its hills and plains. Under the fostering care of T. Chirnside, Werribee, Wyndham, the few that he procured a few years since have increased to twenty-four. They are en closed within a fence of about fourteen feet in height, and wander undisturbed in a large paddock devoted to their sole use. They live chiefly on the native grasses, and are at present in the healthiest condi tion possible. A strip of plantation, consisting of blue gums, wattles, and light wood, runs through the paddock, and affords them shelter from the severity of the weather, as well as an agreeable shade from the summer's heat. A sunk tank, so situated that the surface water flows into it, sup plies them with water. The stag is a fine auimal, and appars to advantage when standing in front of the herd ; he anxiously watches the approach of visitors. They are easily disturbed, and if alarmed, sweep gracefully and swifty to a distance. There will probably be an increase of about fifteen this season ; and should they continue to increase at this rate, the herd of red deer at Werribee will, in a few years, be one of " the sights" of this colony. 