PASTORAL LETTER OF THESE°ON^ .'?.^PJtENARy COUNCIL OF BALTIMORE. The Archbishop a so Bishops ok the United States, in Pljwary Council Assembled, TO THE CLERGY AND LaITY OF THK1R CHARGE. Venerable Brethren ov the Clergy— Be- xoved Childrkn of thk Laity.— After the lapse of fourteen years it has again been per mitted us to assemble in Plenary Council, for the purpose of more effectually uniting our ? ef forts for the promotion of the great object of ««».m,-ni-Bfrv-t,he advancement of the interests Of the Church of God. ECCLESIASTI JAL AUTHORITY. _ The authority thus exorcised is divine in its origin, the Holy Ghost having 'placed Bishops to rule the Church of God.' Obedience to it— whether there be question of 'the faith once delivered to the saints,' or of rules of conduct — is hot submission to man but to G od ; and con sequently imposes on the Faithful no obligation incompatible with the true dignity of map. It would be a gross error to confound the liberty ' 'wherewith Christ has made us free,' with the license which would reject the authority He has established. As obedience to law is the basis on which society rests, and the only condition on which civil liberty can be enjoyed ; so in Religion, respect for the authority established by God, obedience to its commands, and re verence for those in whom it is vested, are not incompatible with Christian Freedom, but form,. in fact, the condition of its existence. In neither order, is liberty freedom from all restraint, but only from unjust and unauthorized control. In ?the, temporal order, the limits of lawful power vary with the constitution of society in each particular nation, but in the Church, the uui Versal society — divine in its origin and constitu tion .no less than in its object, and bounded by up . local limit — it,- is determined by the will of God, made known to men by that Revelation of which it forms a part, and of which the tribunal by whose authority it is exercised is the witness, the. guardian, and the interpreter. ? We have deemed it not unnecessary to recall these truths to your minds, from our knowledge .of the false light in which the nature of eccle siastical authority is so often presented to our View. Civil society requires a supreme tribunal for the' adjudication of controversies, in the ' temporal order ; and without such a tribunal no society could exist. Much more does the Society, which Christ established, require that all controversies regarding the doctrines He taught and the duties He imposed should be de termined by an authority, whose decisions should be final, and which, as all are bound to obey it, must be an infallible oracle of truth. Those who refuse to obey this authority and who condemn it as an unwarranted assumption eif power on the part of the Church, deprive themselves of the only means by which they c.ah learn with entire certainty the truths God requires them to. believe and the duties He im poses in order to be saved.. With such persons opinion is necessarily substituted for faith, which is, firm and unwavering belief, on authority ex ternal to the believer. Nor can it, be said that those who reject the authority of the Church, toelieve, on the authority of God, what they fihdHim to have revealed in His written Word. The meaning of that Word — whether it be sup posed attainable by the exercise of the judgment aided by prayer for divine Light, or by a supposed immediate inspiration of the Holy Ghost — in every such case is ascertained by the individual whose judgment may err, and whose belief of a divine Inspiration may therefore. -be an illusion. 'Experience shows .this must be the case in m ost in stances ; and reason suggests that it may be the case : with all. The most contradictory conclu sions, are arrived at by men of great talent, vast learning, and undoubted sincerity of- purpose. The most absurd and blasphemous ideas have 'been regarded by many as the teachings of the Holy. Spirit, under the influence of the illusion, that ;what was the .suggestion of their own imagination — if not the promptings of Satan, who sometimes 'transforms himself into an angel of light' — was indeed the voice of God. The tradition of the Church — that is the handing down from pastor to pastor, under the divine protection and guarantee, the doctrines prginally received— is the only rational ground we can have for our belief, that God has revealed the truths which we believe. 'Although I,' says St. Paul, ' or an angel from heaven, preach to you a gospel other than yoi\ have received, let him ho anathema.' The same tradition, joined with tiKe authority of the pastors of the Church,. is the criterion by which St. John teaches us to try- the .spirits :. 'We arc. of God. He that knoweth God,; heareth us. By this we know the spirit of truth and the spirit of error.' What the plain words of Christ and reason Itself established experience confirms. The au thority, recognized, in the Catholic Church 'pre- serves -the unity of., the spirit in the bond of peace,' and exhibits to the world One Body and One Spirit, because there is One Faith, as them is but One Lord whose revelation itgis. Out aide of this One Fold of the One Shepherd divisions arise and are perpetuated, because there is no supreme tribunal by which they might be extinguished; sects are multiplied, and religious 'indifference or unbelief is sought as a refuge from the contradiction of tongues. Hence the principles of morality, which derive the enly efficacious motives for their practice from the Revelation of which they form a part, are weakened, if not entirely undermined ; the be liever is embarrassed and perplexed, and the un belieyer, who cannot always distinguish between the Church and the sects, finds a plausible ex cuse for incredulity in the diversities of religious system arid the divisions of. professing. Chris tians; ? '; , , TK19 authority is exercised not only in defining, the truths Of Faith, and in determining whatever controversies arise in relation to them, but also, in warnrag';th'e Flock of Christ by seasonable ad monitions against whatever might interfere with the'jwurity of- ? Christian Morals, and by rebuke as^^jH^iieasion, yrUea they we found necessary for the correction of abuses. ' Obey your Pre lates,' says St. Paul, ' and be subject to them ; for they watch, as having to render an account for your souls, they may do this with joy, and not with grief. For this is not expedient for you. ' We cheerfully acknowledge, Venerable and Be loved Brethern, the general and willing accept ance by you of this important principle of a liv ing, a guiding authority, which distinguishes the Church as a divine institution, from the various ! sects that surround her. We wish, however, to. impress upon the minds of all our spiritual: children the obligation imposed on them of obeying their respective Prelates — each in his own Diocese — by receiving their direc tions as the expression of the Authority which Christ has established in His Church. So long as such directions are not set aside by superior authority, thejr are to be received as a rule of conduct; nor can they be evaded with out transgressing the Apostolic precept, ' Obey your Prelates.' No motive derived from the possible misconception of the nature of that which is forbidden, or from the real or supposed difference of opinion — the action or inaction of other Prelates — will excuse the Catholic from the crime of disobedience towards his own Bis hop, if he refuse fco be guided by him, and pre sume to dictate when it is his duty to obey. Hence, when we warn you, either collectively, as in the present instance, or singly in our res pective Dioceses, to avoid secret societies and all associations which we deem unlawful, you cannot, on the peril of your souls, disregard our admonition; because the authority we exercise in such cases is that of Him who has said : ' He who hears you hears Me, and he who despises you despises Me ; and he that despises Me de spises Him that sent Me. ' RELATIONS OP THE CHURCH TO THE STATE. The enemies of the Church fail not to repre sent her claims as incompatible with the inde pendence of the Civil Power, and her action as. impeding the exertions of the State to promote the well-being of society. So far from these charges being founded in fact, the authority and influence of the Church will be found to be the most efficacious support of the temporal autho rity by which society is governed. The Church, indeed, does not proclaim the absolute and en tire independence of the Civil Power, because it teaches with the Apostles that ' all Power is of God ;' that the temporal magistrate is His Minister., and that the power of the sword he wields is a delegated exercise of authority com mitted to him from on high. For the children of the Catholic Church obedience to the Civil Power is not a submission to force which may , not be resisted ; nor merely the compliance with a condition of peace and security ; but a religious duty founded on obedi ence to God, by whose authority the Civil Magis trate exez'eises his power. This power, however, as subordinate and delegated, must always be exercised agreeably to God's Law. In prescrib ing anything contrary to that law the Civil Power transcends its authority, and has no claim to the obedience of the citizen* Never can it be lawful to disobey God, as the Apostles, Peter and John, so explicitly declared- before the tribunal which sat in judgment on them : ' If it be just in the sight of God to hear you rather than God, jiylge ' ye.' This undeniable principle does not, .how ever, email the same consequences in tbe Ca-' tholic system as those of the sects. In tlaese the individual is the ultimate judge of what the law | of God commands or forbids, and is consequently liable to claim the sanction of the higher law, for what' after all my be, and often is, but the' suggestions of an undisciplined mind, or au over heated imagination. Nor can the Civil Govern ment be expected to recognize an authority which has no warrant for its character as divine, and no limits in its application, with out exposing the State ' to disorder and anarchy. The Catholic has a guide in the Church, as a divine institution, which enables him to discriminate between what the Law of God forbids or allows ; and this authority the State is bound to recognize as supreme in its sphere — ? of moral, no less than dogmatic teaching. There may, indeed, be instances in which individual Catholics will make a misapplication of the principle ; or in which, while the principle of obedience to Civil Authority is recognized as of divine obligation, the seat of that authority may be a matter of doubt, by reason of the clashing opinions that prevail in regard to this important fact. The Church, does rot assume to deckle such matters in the temporal order, as she is not. the judge of civil controversies, although she always, when invited to do so, has endeavoured to remove the misconceptions from which dis putes so often arise, and to consult for every' interest while maintaining the peace of society and the rights of justice. THIS SACRAMENT 03? MATRIMONY. To that sacrament of the Church which is highest in its typical signification— we feel it our duty to direct in a special manner your at tention. From the beginning, as we leain from St. Paul, the union of man and woman was a great mystery or sacrament ; b.ecause, from the beginning, it prefigured the union of Christ vvith His Church. In nothing perhaps is the in fluence of the Spirit of Truth more t-rident in the teaching of tho Church, than in the care with which she has protected this 'great sacia ment,' which, by so many, agreeable to what St. Paul has foretold, was stigmatized as unlaw ful, while by others it was unduly exalted above sacred virginity, contrary to the express teach-' ing of Christ and His inspired Apostle. ... The holiness of Christian matrimony is connected .with our most sacred associations and duties ; and it cannot be lost sight of, in however small degree, without entailing the most serious con sequences.. The Church has shown in reference to this subject a, spirit of watchfulness and aoli '.eitudo, which alone would entitle her to the gratitude of. man, and cause her to be regarded as; the most faithful guardian of public and private morality. Many of the innumerable .contests in which she was compelled to ' enjgage ,with t the depositories .of the Civil Power, during th,e i middle ages, were. in defence of the stability and sanctity of the marriage tie, and, at a later period, she preferred to see Eng land torn from her side, rather than to yield compliance with the will of a monarch, who sacrificed his country's faith to his unbridled passions. ' In this matter she knew no distinc tion between the private man and the monarch ; contrary to what an apologist for the worst pas sions and most cruel deeds of this unhappy Ruler insists should have been her line of conduct. Eve'n in our own days, her conservative autho rity has been exerted in the same cause ; and the anger of the first Napoleon was incurred by the refusal, of Pius'Vll., of Holy memory, to declare invalid a marriage contracted between that ruler's brother and a Protestant lady of the city in which we are now assembled. When this same monarch sought to break his first faith he was obliged to have recourse to an extinct tri bunal of the diocese of Paris — resuscitated for that special purpose— which presumed to decide a question which the wisdom of the Holy See has reserved for its own exclusive jurisdiction. We recall these facts, because they most strongly express the principle of the Church in regard to matrimony, and must be regarded by every well regulated mind as among the bright est jewels of her crown. We recall them, also, in order to enforce our solemn admonition to our flocks, to give no ear to the false and de grading theories on the subject of matrimony, which are boldly put forward by tbe enemies of the Church; According to these theories, mar riage is a mere civil contract, which the Civil Power is to regulate, and from which an injured or dissatisfied party may release himself, or her self, by the remedy of divorce, so as to be able lawfully to contract new a engagement.' This is in evident contradiction with the words of Christ :? 'What God has joined together, let no man put asunder.' As the guardian of God's ihply Law, the Church condemns this false i.-^lieory, from which would follow a successive polygamy, no less opposed to the unity and stability of Christian marriage than that simul taneous polygamy which, to the scandal of Christendom, is found within our borders. No State law can authorize divorce, so as to permit the parties divorced to contract new engage ments ; and every such new engagement, con tracted during the joint lives 'of the parties so divorced, involves the crime of adultery. We refer with pain to the scandalous multiplication of these unlawful separations, which, more than any other cause, are sapping the foundations of morality and preparing society for an entire dis solution of the basis on which it rests. . . If so many marriages becsme unhappy and the bond which unites the married couple prove so often a. galling yoke, this is to be attributed, in most instances, to the neglect and disregard, of the Church fcws in' reference to this subject. These, as you know, forbid marriage between persons related to each other in certain degrees of consanguinity and affinity, as also between Catholics and non-Catholics. Whatever excep tions may be found to the general observation as to the result of such unions, they are in principle condemned by the Church, and that from the most serious motives ; which, in case of consan guinity, are found in Avell-ascertained physio '??Fogical principles ; in- the case of affinity, in the ?dahger to which possible unions may place par ties who are necessarily brought into fraternal relations ; and in case of mixed marriages, to | the danger of perversion, to which the Catholic party and the offspring of such marriages are ex 'posad. ' But something more than the observance of these laws of the Church in relation to marriage is required in order that Christians should dis charge their , entire duty when about to enter the conjugal state.. Its sacred character and the obligations toward God's Society which it im poses; should always be kept in mind. Purity of life and affection that has better and more lasting ground than the impulses of passion, are the only proper dispositions for entering upon, a state of life which death alone can change, and which involves so many important consequences for time and eternity. 'Who,' asks Tertullian, 'can express the happiness of that inarriagra which the Church approves, which sacrifice*1 (the Mass) confirms and which blessing seals— angels announce it, and the Father ratifies ?' Bearing in mind the sanctity of Marriage, and the time honored usages of the Church in the administration of the Sacrament, we cannot too strongly urge upon you the importance of con tracting it before the Altar of God, and with the ? Marriage Mass, so as to receive that especial blessing which carries with it so many graces, to Enable those who enter upon this holy state to ?fulfil its most important duties. ON -BOOKS AND NEWSPAPERS — THE PRKSS. ? The Council of Trent requires that all books which treat of Pteligiou should be submitted before publication to the Ordinary of the diocese in which they are to be published for the purpose of obtaining his sanction, so as to assure the faithful that they contain nothing contrary to faith and morals. This law is still of force ; and in the former Plenary Council its observance was i\rged and the Bishops were exhorted to approve of no book which had not been pre viously examined by themselves, or by clergy men appointed by them for that purpose, and to confine such approbation to works .published in their respective diocese. The faithful should be aware that such approbation is rather of a negative than positive character ; that it by no means imparts to the statements or sentiments such works may contain any episcopal sanction ; but merely gurantees them as free from errors in faith or morals. In many alao of our dioceses ' there are pub lished Catholic Papers, mostly of a religious character ; and many of such papers bear upon them the statement that they are the 'organs' of the Bishop of the diocese in which they are published and sometimes of other Bishops in whose diocese they circulate. We cheerfully ?acknowledge the services the Catholic Press has rendered to Religion, as also the disinterestedness with which, in- most instances; it has- beencon \ ducted, and that although yielding to publishers and editors a very insufficient return for their labours. We exhort the Catholic community to extend to these publications a more liberal sup. port, in order that they may be enabled to become more worthy the great cause they advocate. We remind them, that 'the power of the press is one of the most striking features of modem society ; and that it is our duty to avail our selves of this mode of making known the truths of our Religion, and removing the mis apprehension which so generally prevail in regard to them. If many of these papers are not ?all that we would wish them to be, it will be frequently found, that the real cause of their shortcomings is the insufficient support they receive from the Catholic public. Supply and demand act and react on each other ; and if in many instances the former produces the. latter, in regard at least to Catholic publications, demand must precede supply. ' We also wish to guard against the misapprehension, which fre quently arises from the Bishop's name being connected with such papers, in so far as they are recognized as ' organs,' that is, as mediums ?through which the Ordinary communicates with his diocesans. This circumstance gives no sanction to the articles which appear in such papers, other than they may derive from the nami3 of the writer when given : still less does it identify the Bishop with the paper, so as ia justify the conclusion that whatever appears in it has his sanction and authority. It merely designates the paper as one in which the Bishop will cause to be inserted such official documents as he, from time to time, may have to publish, and in regard to which it is obviously desirable that there should be some regular mode of com munication. Education of Youth. We recur to the subject of the education of youth, to which in the former Plenary Council, we already directed your attention, for the pur. pose of reiterating the admonition we then gave, in regard to the establishment and support of Parochial Schools ; and of renewing the expres sion of our conviction, that religious teaching and religious training should form part of every system of school education. Every day's ex perience renders it evident, that to develope the intellect and store it with knowledge, while the heart and its affections are left without the con trol of religious principle, sustained by religious practices, is to mistake the nature and object of education ; as well as to prepare for parent and child the most bitter disappointment in the future, and for society the most disastrous re sults. We wish also to call attention to a pre valent error on the subject of the education of youth, from which parents, of the best priciples are not always exempt. Naturally desiring the advancement of their children, in determining the education they will give them, they not unfrequently consult their wishes, rav ther than their means, and the probable, position of their children in mature age. Education, to be good, need not necessarily be either high or ornamental, in the1 studies or accomplishments it embraces. These things are in themselves ' unobjectionable ?; and, they may be suitable and advantageous or other/- ' wise, according to circumstances. Prepare your children for the duties of the state or condition of life they are likely to be engaged in ; do not exhaust your means in bestowing on. them an education that may unfit them for these duties. This would be a sure source of disappointment and dissatisfaction,-, both for yourselves, and for them. Accustom them from their earliest years' to habits of obedience, industry, and thrift ; and deeply impress on their minds the great prin- ' ciple, that happiness and success in life, as well ; as acceptance with God, do not so much, depend on the station we fill, as on the fidelity- with - which we discharge its duties. Teach them that the groundwork of true happiness must be placed in habitual and cheerful submission of our wills to the dispensations of Providence, who. has wisely consulted for the happiness of all, with out, however bestowing on all an equal share of the goods of fortune. CATHOLIC PROTECTORIES AND INDUSTRIAL SCHOOLS. ' ; - Connected with this subject of. education is ? the establishment of Protectories and Industrial.. Schools for the correction or proper training of youth, which has of late years attracted univer sal attention. It is a melancholy fact, and a very humiliating avowal for us to make, that a large proportion of the idle and criminal youth cf our principal cities are the children of Catholic parents. Whether from poverty or neglect, the ignorance in which so many parents are involved as to the true nature of education, and of their duties as Christian parents, or the associations which our youth so easily form with those who encourage them to disregard parental admoni. tion j certain it is, that a large number of ' Catholic parents either appear to have no idea of . the sanctity of the Christian family, and of the responsibility imposed on them of providing ' for the moral training of their offspring, or fulfil ; this duty in a very imperfect manner. Day after day these unhappy children are caught in the com mission of petty crimes which render them ' amenable to the public authorities ; and day ?' after day are they transferred by the hundreds ? from the sectarian reformatories in which they have been placed by the courts to distant locali ties, where they are brought up in ignorance and most commonly in hostility to, the Religictt ? in which they had been baptized. The only remedy for this great and daily augmenting evil is, to provide Protectories or Industrial schools, to which such children may be sent ; arid where under the only influence that is. known to have ' really reached the roots of vine, the youthful culprit may ceaae to do evil and learn to do good. We rejoice that in some of our dioceses— would ; that we could say in all ! — a beginning has been ?-' made in this good work; and we cannot too- i-.- earnestly exhort our Venerable Brethren of the Clergy to bring this matter before- their respec tive flock, to endeavour to impress on- Ohristiau : ? parents Sh« duty of guiding their children from the evils above referred to. and to invite them to make persevering and effectual efforts for the 'Establishment of Institutions, wherein, under the influence of religious teachers, the wayward '-MBS of youth may be corrected, and good seed planted in the soil in which, while men slept, .'fk« enemy had sowed tares. ',.)?? : The Laity. \- We continue to have great consolation m wit nessing the advance of Religion throughout the .various Dioceses, as shown in the multiplication ?and improved architectural character of our .Churches, the increase of piety in the various congregations, and the numerous conversions of «o many who have sacrificed early prejudices and every consideration - of their temporal in terests and human feelings at the shrine of Catholic Truth. We must, however, in all . andor say, that we cannot include all, or indeed the greater part of those who compose our flocks, a this testimony to fidelity and zeal. Too many of them, including not unfrequently men other wise of blameless lives, remain for years estranged from the sacraments of the Church, al though they, attend the celebration of the Divine Mysteries, and listen to the preaching of God's Word with an earnestness and attention in them selves deserving of all praise. There are, indeed, others who carried away by the impiUse of pas fion, and but too easily influenced by evil exam ples, oblige us to rank them, as we do, weeping, after the example of the Apostle, among 'the ene mies of the Cross of Christ, whose end is destruc tion; whose God is their belly ; and whose glory 18 in their shame ; who mind earthly things.' It is impossible to estimate the injury these un worthy Catholics, arad especially those who are the slaves of intemperance and its consequent vices, inflict on the Church. In the minds of but too many uninformed and unreflecting persons, these evils are taken as the confirmation «sf early predjudiees ; and the name of God is blasphemed among the nations by reason of the ?evil acts of those who, whilst they bear tho same of Catholics, bring disgrace on their reli flon by their evil lives. Willingly would we ave avoided reference to this painful subject ; but we are not without hope, that this our solemn protest against the eviJs we deplore may diminish, if not entirely remove, the scandal which they occasion ; and that our united re monstrance may not be unheeded by these for wh.om 'we watch, having to render so. account of their souls::' that they may be ronsed from the fatal leiihargy in which they live, and, by sincere repexttatce and the practice of every good work compatible with their condition, repair, in some measure, the scandals they have given and the injury 'Shey have inflicted on the 'Church, by the irregisHarity of their past lives. In this ^connection, we consider it to be our duty to Tyarn our people against libose amuse ments winch may easily become to ffchem an oc casion of sin, and especially against those fashionable dances, which, as at present carried on,: are novolting to every feeling of delicacy and propriety, and are fraught tfith the greatest dangers to morals. We would also warn them most solemnly against the great ;?Jbuses which have sprang up in the matter of Stairs, Excur sions, and Pic- Nies, in which, asttso often con ducted, !the name of Charity is made to cover up a multitude of sins. We forbid all Catholics from ibaving anything to do with them, except when managed in accordance wrtfii the regula tions of the Ordinary, and under -tke immediate ?upervieion of the respective Pastors. We have noticed, with the most sincere satis factien -and gratitude to God, the great increase amongius of Societies and Associations, especially of those composed of young and middle-aged men, conducted in strict accordance with the principles of the Catholic religion, and with an immediate view to their own satisfaction. We cannot but anticipate the most beneficial results bo £be -cause of morality and religion from the conduct and example of those who thus combine together to encourage one another in the fre 2uentaik-n of the sacraments, .and. in works of Ihristian charity. We urge fcoeir-extention, and especially of the Society of St. Wiineent of Paul, and of ^oung Men's Catholic Associations, in all ihe^fiiocesaes and parishes o£the country, not only .as i,ussf ul auxiliaries to the '^Parochial clergy in the care of the poor, and of destitute and va grant children, but also as one of /the most im portant imeans of diminishing the rices and and scandals ef which we have spoken. 