There are certain topics in the world of politics and morals from whose discussion nobody expects to get any good, and which for that very reason a certain class of per verse minds take a special delight in discuss ing. Like phantoms they move amid the substantial business of life, only like phan toms to disappear without leaving a mark behind them. Every controversial assembly from a Church to a Parliament is liable to a periodical visit from these sort of spectres. In the English Legislature the Ballot has long done the duties of hobgoblin to the House of Commons, under the genial auspices of that rather theoretical politician, Mr Berkeley. Its introduction on the floor of the Chamber is a standard feature of the Parliamentary season, aud the cognoscenti look for it as regularly as an epicure looks for his early peas in Bpring. In our own Legislature the subject that holds the par allel position is without any doubt Payment of Members. As soon as ever the session has well commenced, aud people have set them selves sedulously to the practical work of' legislation, some venturous patron of this visionary idea seizes a favourable opportu nity for thrusting it like Professor Pepper's ghost into the presence of Mr Speaker, to the terror and consternation of the unsus pecting spectators. The office of spectral showman on the present occasion appears to have fallen to the lot of Mr Ambrose Kyte, for whom it is only fair to say that he made as much as he could of his very unreal grievance. On the principle of gutta camt lagidem we suppose it must be that these unremitting advocates hope to make some impression upon the stony hearts of those who obstinately refuse to listen to their claims. To wear out the patience of the recusants rather than to convince their in tellects is their object, and we are not at all sure that their plan is not the best that they can pursue. As Mr Kyte triumphantly points out, the great bulk of those who were at one time the warmest opponents of his favourite theory have now arranged them selves on his side, and for that matter he is himself a deserter to the cause. "When he entered the House,' six or seven years ago, he entered it opposed to that principle. He measured the question on its colonial basis, iu the same way as he measured it at home ; but subsequent experience and reflection led him to alter the conviction which he pre viously held." - In plain words, Mr Kyte, like much less susceptible men, changed his opinions with his circumstances, and dis covered that members of Parliament ought | to be paid, as soon as ever he became a member. Nor is he the most distinguished of the converts. Since the dropping process first began, and the trickling stream of the Kytian eloquence was directed upon the flinty minds of his opponents, no less a brain has been softened, or rather no less a con science has been mollified, than that of Mr HictINBotham. And if Mr Hi&tnbotham; has yielded, as Mr Kyte naturally feels him self entitled to put the inference, before long everybody must give way. What granite cannot resist, it is absurd to hope that mere sandstone will hold out against. Mr Hig- inbotham being fairly perforated, the most stubborn must soon be bored. Of the present Government, numbering nine, only two were averse to Mr Kite' motion, and one of these two he ventures to prophesy will be identified with the movement. Mr M'Culloch is probably intended by the seer, aince in his speech we find that Mr M'Culloch confessed that he had not yet been able to give his unbiassed consideration to the whole subject ; but if the country were to speak out at a general election, its verdict would probably have an influence upon him. What is this, but the shadow of turn ing ? But we are so far of Mr M'Culloch's mind, that we agree with him that the question is one which ought not to be decided apart from an expression of public opinion upon it. The public voice has surely a right to be heard on a matter involving the annual expenditure of nearly forty thousand pounds of the public money. It is the tax payers' concern, if ever tbe interests of the taxpayers were concerned in anything. If members are to be paid, let it be remembered that it is the constituencies that will have to pay them ; and that of the two parties to the transaction, the latter are quite as much interested as the former. The whole subject is especially one for the consideration of the constituent bodies. It is tbe constituent bodies whose relations to their representa tives will be most affected by the arrange ment, and it is they who ought to consider whether the change will be for their benefit or not. There are those who argue that the function of the representative will be impaired by a system that tends directly to compromise his personal independence, and that Parlia ment itself will degenerate into a mere dele gacy. Obviously, such a result as this would be most prejudicial, not only to the personal character of the representative, but to the interests and influence of the constituency. It is all very well for Mr Kyte to drop mysterious hints about poor members iu the House being bought by an unprincipled party to keep in power an unconstitutional Government. Without denying so excellent an authority on such a topic, we are inclined to think that it is better for the country that its representatives should vote as a Ministry directs them rather than Jtjhafc they should vote as a constituency directs them. And for this reason. A Ministry is after all the creature of the country, and the creature of a Ministry is therefore indirectly the agent of the country. A Ministry cannot stand if the preponderance of public opinion is not recorded in its favour, and if such a Ministry bribes members to its party, it merely bribes them to carry out a policy which public opinion has endorsed. On the other hand, the representative who is the tool of his con stituency is limited in his allegiance. He is bound by the terms of his bargain to consi der not the general interests of bis country but the wishes of his constituency, which may be at variance with tbe general interests. So that on the whole it is better that some mem bers of Parliament should, as Mr Kyte declares they are, be dependent on the Ministry and independent of their constituencies, rather than that all members of Parliament should be mere delegates, pledged to prostitute their high offices for money. We are assured that the stock of unprincipled representatives could be rooted out of the land, if payment of representatives became tbe law, since the electors would be choice in the selection of the men whom they would have to spend their money on, and since a superior class of men would be candidates for the endowment. But we have very little confidence in an ar gument that has such small grounds to rest upon as a generalisation from the laws that are supposed to govern human nature. It is notorious that people do not, as a rule, spend their money upon what best suits their in terests, but upon what, best suits their tastes. The true interest of our electors would lie in getting a representative who should act independently for them, who should form his own judgment, aud follow it with scrupulous impartiality when he believes his judgment to be correct. What body of electors in Victoria would select a man of such an unaccommodating nature, and pay him three hundred a year for thwarting them ? If electors knew their real interests, or would forego their visionary gains, there would he an end of the argument ; but what body of electors in Victoria know their real interests, or would surrender an instrument for profit that had been put into their hands, on such favourable terms for working it to their ad vantage ? Happily the question is one that does not press for any urgent solution. As long as the Upper House have any voice in the mat ter, payment of members will scarcely be removed out of the sphere of speculative politics for this session at least. Mr Kyte maintains that under the present system a Miuistry may and does purchase partisans. He forgets that under the system he pro poses, the power that would accrue to a Ministry, through bribery or intimidation would be still greater. Eor what party would venture to carry a vote of want of confidence in a Government, whose presence on the treasury benches secures their own seats and salaries of three hundred a year. 