WILL CASE. Oar law courts have never been defioient in tbo yield of "extraordinary cases," but we question whether any parallel oari.be found to that of Mrs. Thwaytoe, whoso will b» been contested in tbo Uouri ok x todnwi ana m result, quashod. Mrs. Thwaytcs was .an aid lady residing in Hyde Park Gardens, and in the neighborhood of Worthing, and; at her death the wholo of the propertv was found willed to a Dr. Smith and Mr. Samuel Smith, persons in no way related to her by blood. -Of - course her relritivae losfno time in resisting the obnoxious instrument. There was .no doubt ns to the genuineness - of tho dooriment, but the relatives were strong in their convic tion that tbey could prove that Mrs. Thwsytoi had long, been in a mental condition which' rendered her incapable of making a willy and ' that, moreover, she bad been subjected to tndne influence. The evidence on tb'e first point is no less peculiar than interesting. It was a favourite belief of hers that she was the Holy Ghost, and Dr. Smith .the Father, bnt even this did not prevent her from harbouring the contradictory ' delusion tbst she eras about to give birth to the Saviour of the world. Then riho believed that her own drawing-room was to be thd scene of the last judgment, on , which abo ftas' \to assist the' Almighty and she had £15,0p0 expended upon it ia order to render it' suitable to so solemn an ocoasion. These ' Were only a few 'of tbo delusions under whioh1 she laboured, not at intervale only but permanently j and S(r Jaaeo ' Wilde held that they were quite sufficient to constitute mental inoompoteuoe. In support of the allegation of undue influence It was proved tbat-Dr. Smith had received frotb Mrs, Thwaytcs during ber lifetime sums amounting altogether to J05O,OOO and that Mr. Samuel Smith was in tho 'receipt of £400:a year from the same prolific source'. It is' highly to tho credit of tbo relatives that they never interfered with the ecoentrio old lady, bat let her remain jn.uodisputed.. possession qt her weilth lo the end of bor life. Certainly bad all rihiTfieti of the case been brought under the notion of a legal tribunal years ago, tho Oftate would have been plaeed in Chancery, and Dr. Smith and his relative would have had to look elsc where to replenish an impoverished exchequer, Manchester Examiner. Wcslbxan Movement against Smoking, — During the examination of candidates for ordi nation at the Wcrileyan Conference, a pledge was required from those among them who bad -used tubaoco - to-abs(ain altogether from the - practice for the faturer" The Rev. J. H. Har- greave, of New Brighton, declined to give such a pledge, and defended hie position, but after an animated discussion it was resolved to' defer bis ordination for another year. This dicisiori, we are told, has caused some exoltemant,as the Wesleyan ministry contains a very fair average of habitual smokers. — j-ali mall Uatelle. Weakened Vision pbom Tobacco Smoking.— In seme coses, tbe impairment of vision which goes' by1 the name of amblyopia precedes its ontiri loss, from palsy of. the .optie nerro. Objects are .perceived but impoi- feotlvi-thoy--«ppoar-morc- or— less-obscured — oy tsinud or Haziness ; tne letteri oi a book . _rnn _ into eaoh otber and bcoomri - confused ; the eye is spoil tired, aud- "water or becomes blood-shot if exertion is conr tinned. ' M. Vim-din has reportod three- case of this disease caused by smoking. In the treatment of these eases the quantity of tobacco smoked was reduced, under. the direetion of M. Viordin, and the sight wee restored in : the course of a few weeks.' He must be a very slave to the use of the weed who, having onoe recovered from its poisoning' effects, would persist in the habit,— American Paper. The Want of Cand.— We have, given some reasons for believing that Frainoe i arming, and wish here to call attention , to Vtbri astonishing glut of unemployed eapitsl-iiit Western Europe. There are iriore than fifty- seven millions in the the two State Banks, and tho rate has gone down to 2 pef oont. Yet' nobody derainds money.- There li"aparaysii ' of enterprise everywhere caused in great part, we believe by a sense that peace cannot : bo depended on from month to mouth. No othltp feeling oould keep the foreign Government ont of the market while it is in snoh a' oondi- ' lion. France wants millions, Italy in pledging her Chnroh property, Spain is compromising her' debt to get admiBsion on fGbange,, Russia ,1 oiling railways, everybody wsnfe cath/ thn market is overflowing and yet nobody darea to. ask for it. If Napoleon.'it not going tri . fight this year be ahoold signify that rneah, nnd let trade have the benefit of the si montb'e lull. - ' - . Volunteering Bixtv Ybabs Ago.— Early in this century a crimpinynof dragooni were quartered in Dundee for a considerable time, A sham fight had been arranged to take place on the ground east of Boogkty Oaitle, at which the dragoons end Athole Highlanders' had parts appointed to them. The. Fids.., god Forfarshire Militia wore 'also on the ground. . In the course of tho /.manoeuvres the /dragooni were ordered tq cHifrgo tho Athole Highlanders', and tbe Utter were' ordered to fall baok, . . This order predated muttering, " She'll hoe no back;" and when their officers urged him further, the. muttS; jog became loudtr.'. at tha insult, as they deemed it ; " Shell nae gas back," sri . with fierce looks ihey. tbrew tbem- elves into position to " receive cavalry ." As this was a sham and not a teal fight, the dragoons bad rio mind to ride npon the bsyrins(t_ of the enraged Highlandmen. But lhla dis obedience of ordjera could not be. overlooked. General Mackenaie then lived In Dundeo,: and he wss commarider-in-ehief in this affair. ' Ho came up at tbo gallop with bis ataff, and feeing how matters stood, and tho blaok look of tha Highlanders, he ordered tbem forthwith off the ground. " About tes-hour the inhsblUnts _of_ the Segate of "Driridee were' startled by very lond military music. It was the Athole High- lenders marohing proudly, with drums'besting, colours flying, trumpots sounding, and bag pipes screaming — in fact, all making as t much noiso as possible, letting off the steam of their anger to the tune of " Whaur bae ye been a' the day, bonny laddie, Highland -laddie ?"-r- Dumfnee Standard. 