NEWS OF THE WEEK. By the Aldinga we have Melbourne files to July 2; Sydney, June 29; Dunedin, June 22 ; Tasmania, June 26. The Brighton and Sturt mails will close at the General Post-Office during the winter months at 4 p.m. instead of 4.30. We understand that it is the intention of the Wesleyans shortly to commence the erection of a second church in South Adelaide. The only case which came before the Police Court on Saturday* morning was one of drunkenness, in which the usual penalty was inflicted. Amongst other nuts to crack on the assembling of Parliament, we understand, IB a dispute between the late goods contractors and the Commissioner of PubRc Works, involving some £10,000 or £12,000. We regret to say an accident happened on Saturday last to Mr. F. A. Price, a young gen tleman well known on the football ground. He ruptured one of the ligaments of his shoulder whilst engaged in the game. The Government intend to propose in their Estimates the appointment of a new Stipendiary Magistrate for the Northern Dis trict, who shall preside at various new Local Courts which are to be established. There are now two vacancies for the Legislative Council, Mr. Magarey having re tired, Mr. Hairs seat being rendered vacant by the decease of that gentleman, and Mr. Scott's resignation is (we are informed) ready to be banded in when the House meets. We understand that Captain Hart has received a requisition from a portion of the elector s of the Light to stand for tbat district, in the event of Mr. Rounsevell retiring, conse quent upon his acceptance of the Railway goods contract. We observe by the Argus that Mr. Hoskins, who lately acted at the Victoria Theatre, will open the Hayinarket, Melbourne, on Monday next, when Mr. Anderson, the eminent tragedian, who arrived by the Panama mail, will appear on the boards. We take the following from the Port Elizabeth Advertiser (Cape of Good Hope), of May 1 : — ' Hydrophobia. — The Picayune says : — ' We regret to state that, last week, a rabid animal, before it could be destroyed, severely bit Dr. Hart and several other dogs.' ' The usual fortnightly meeting of the Board of Education was held on Monday. Mr. Hardy's motion relative to the use of the Bible in schools was, after a brief discussion, put and lost. A small amount of routine business was disposed of, and the Board adjourned. On Saturday, June 29, Mr. John Boundy, who has joined Mr. W. Puplett, was presented with an address and a tea and coffee service by his fellow employes at Messrs. D. and J. Fowler's. The presentation was made in terms of respect for his character and of regret that his connection with the donors was severed, and was appropriately acknowledged by Mr. Bouudy. A memorial having been addressed to the Postmaster-General, praying that the time for closing the Brighton, Sturt, and Edwards town mails at Adelaide may be altered from 5 o'clock to half-past 4 in the winter months, the Postmaster- General has notified to the memo rialists (through Mr. T. Fulcher) that their request is complied with. Fhe alteration ex tends from July 1st to September 30th. The usual meeting of the Norwood and Kensington Corporation was held on Thursday evening. A deputation waited upon the Council respecting the changing of the name Dequettville-terrace into Buik-road, and after hearing the deputation, it was resolved to consider the matter at the next meeting of the Council. After the routine business was gone through, the Council adjourned for a fortnight. We have been shown a set of croquet balls, mallets, and other appurtenances of the game, manufactured from colonial wood, by Mi. Is. G. Hales, of Currie-street. Some of the mullet-heads are red gum, others Swan River mahogany. The handles are Van Piemen's Land striugybark, the posts New Zealand pine, and tht* balls of Swan River mahogany. The material and workmanship are excellent, and the price moderate. Mr. E. Holthouse, Secretary to the Destitute Board, has received a letter of dis missal from his office from July 31. The cause for this step is an alleged want of respect to the Chairman, Mr. T. .S. Read. We are in formed that Mr. Holthouse was requested, at a recent meeting of the Board, to resign, but he having declined to do so until he was fur- nished with a copy of the charges brought against him, this step has now been takeu by the Board. At a meeting of the Destitute Board, held on Tuesday, July 2, 1807— present, T. S. Reed, Esq. (Chairman), and Messrs. Fuller, Egan, Smith, and Murray — the Chairman re- , ported the receipt of tenders for the supply of rations from -several of the country districts. Mr. Fuller reported that more than one hundred men, absolutely destitute, who have been tem porarily employed by the Corporation, will be thrown immediately out of work. Some excellent second and third-class railway carriages have recently been built at the Bowden Station, and we understand that several of the hands employed on these works have been discharged, and that the services of others are to be dispensed with almost imme diately. It seems a pity to turn efficient work men adrift in these dull times when there must be cars required for some of the tramways now in hand, and when there are quantities of materials lying ready to be worked up. On Monday evening a shop in Halifax street, next to the Rob Roy Hotel, was robbed between 7 and 8 o'clock. The assistant had retired to a room adjoining the shop, and was engaged in reading. The thief, taking advantage of his absence, crept in and took away a till with about £2 in it, emptied another till of some change, and possessed himself of some drapery, the total value of the property stolen being about £S. No clue to the perpetrator of the theft has been ohtained, though suspicion rests upon a particular person. At a meeting of the shareholders of the South Australian Insurance Company (Limited), on Wednesday, July 3, the resolution dissolving the old Company and forming a new one with an enlarged capital was confirmed. A state ment of accounts and valuation by the Directors was submitted, and approved, as required by the deed. The certificate of the registration of the new Company under the Companies Act of 1864 was read. A fee of one guinea for each attendance was voted to the Directors, and a sum of £200, balance from the reserve fund, was presented to the Secretary (Mr. Tapley) in acknowledgment of his active exertions for the benefit of the Company. On Monday morning a deputation from Glenelg waited upon the Chief Secretary, in ac cordance with the wish of a receut meeting held at the Bay, to submit to him the resolutions passed at that meeting with reference to the iHilitary-road and Glenelg railway, and the y^anding of the English mails at Glenelg. After J healing the remarks of those present, the Chief Secretary said the Government had no intention of stopping the mails being landed at Glenelg; and with reference to the other matters, he pro mised to lay them before his colleagues the next day, remarking that he did not think there was much difficulty in the way of getting the Mili tary- road. The deputation then withdrew. The public are likely to realise some advantage from the new goods traffic contract. The expectation that Mr. J. Rounsevell, and Hill and Co. , wouid amalgamate has not been realised, but although Rounsevell is king of the railway, Hill & Co. are aiming to be monarchy of the road, and a nice little competition may be looked for. It is rumored, too, that the Go vernment are about reducing the railway traffic rates, to meet the new competition, but we do not vouch for this. It is, however, 'the talk.' The rival carriers are no men of straw, and we expect to see something pretty brisk, as the result of the new arrangement. The Executive Council sat again on Mouday, July 1, to continue the investigation of the charges against Mr. Justice Boothby. TEe 'Master of the Court (Mr. Hinde) Mr J P Boucaut, and Mr. FinUyson, reporter to the Register, gave evidence. Mr. Justice Boothby 's proceedings at Court ou Monday, including the 'scene' with Mr. J G. Daly, were deponed to, and the account of His Honor's conduct on that occasion mcluded with the evidence The case against the Judge is now closed, and the Coun cil has - adjourned till Thursday next, at 11 o'cloct The printing of the evidence is being hurried forward, and we understand His Honor will be invited to make his defence ; and should he decline to do so the Council will come to a decision as in case of default. A meeting of ladies interested in the collection for the statue of Niobe, took place as advertised, at the Institute, on Wednesday last. The weather being very unpropitious, the atten dance was small, but most ef the promoters were present, including Mesdawes Ayers, Turner, Benson, Wilson, and Hargrove. It was found that the subscriptions and collections amounted together to more than £50, and after some minor arrangements, it was agreed that those ladies who were collecting, but did not attend the meeting, should be requested to send their subscriptions to Mr. F. G. Waterhouse, at the Institute (who has kindly consented to receive them for the above purpose), before the 24th iiist. It u proposed to place the statue beside that of the Amazon, already in our Botanic Garden. The Executive Council met at 1 o'clock on Saturday, June 29, and resumed the en quiry into the charges against Mr. Justice Boothby, when the following witnesses were examined : — Messrs. Bagot, Belt, Way, Thrupp, J. W. Downer, Moulden, practitioners of the Supremn Court, the Master of the Court (Mr. Hinde), Air. Galbraith, and Messrs. Finlayson, and Uollison. reporters on the staff of the Bepitter. The evidence of these witnesses did not occupy so long as was expected, and the Council rose at 3 o'clock. The investigation will probably be concluded to-day, as far as the evidence is concerned, after which the time to be allowed the Judge for the preparation of his defence, should he decide to offer any, will have to be fixed, and then there will be a decision of the Council, embodied, we presume, in a formal minute. We have received the following item respecting The Great Jennens Property: — 'In Melbourne a paragraph has been lately copied into some of the local journals, which refers to a meeting of representatives of the family in 1860\. We learn from a Warwickshire man, who seems to know something about it, that a branch of the family, namely the Jennens's, from Yardley, in Worcestershire, a daughter of which house (a public-house by-the-bye) married a Jennings, of Jennings & Betteridge, the great papier mache manufacturers, of Birudngham, have not joined in the family arrangement, but intend to, and indeed are now independently prosecuting their claims to the miser's wealth, and having ample funds to fight with, and believing themselves to be well fortified in the grounds of their claim, they will probably be found troublesome customers to the. other claimants, and may spoil entirely the little family party arrangement of which, the papers have been speaking.' We have had the pleasure of inspecting a set of large and beautifully executed chromo lithographs of Australian scenery, by M. Eugene Von Guerard, and published (with descriptive le.tter-press) by Messrs. Hainej & Ferguson, of Melbourne. It is intended to issue 24 of these engravings, of which eight have been submitted to our inspection by the publishers. Those now before us comprise the Sources of the Wannon, the Valley of the Ovens, Castle Rock, with Cape Schank Lighthouse (Victoria), Mount Kosciusko and Weatherboard Falls (N. S. W.), View of Hobart Town, and two South Australian scenes — the Waterfall Gully, and the River Murray at Moorundee. M. Gunranl was au enthusiast in his art, and travelled over the whole of the colonies whose most striking natural scenery he has so very beautifully illustrated. The draw ings are 194 inches by 13 inches, or, including the margin, 26 inches by 17. As colonial works of art they merit high commendation, and as reproductions of the most romantic and beauti ful scenes in Australia,, they are alike charming and instructive. The usual monthly meeting of the Com mittee of the Horticultural and Floriculture! Society was held at the Norfolk Anns, on Tuesday, July 2. There were present 13 members of the Committee, and Mr. J. Acraman presided. Mr. F. S. C. Driffield brought up the report of the Sub-Committee, which had been appointed to revise the prize-list for the next show. It was read and adopted with a few slight alterations and additions. A prize was added for the best 12 indigenous flowers, and also one for any new vegetable deserving of a prize. Mr. Driffield stated that the Sub committee had suggested that a cottager's class should be added for the exhibition of pot plants —the prizes to be for the best three plants in pots, 5s. ; second do., 3a. 6d. ; and best single do., 3s. --d. The exhibitors in the class need not be subscribers, but must pay an entrance fee of 6d. Mr. Hoffman seconded, and the addition was made to the prize list. Dr. Wylde, as Chairman of the Sub-Committee, which had been appointed at the last meeting to consider a design for a certificate of merit, laid on the table a rougli sketch of a design which was considered suitable by the meeting. The Committee then adjourned. The second anniversary of the Bronip ton Wesley an Band of Hope was celebrated on the 20th ult. in the Wesleyan Chapel, Broinp ton. The proceedings commenced with a. public tea, at which the tables were crowded, which was followed by a public meeting, the President of the Band, the Rev. R. C. Flockart in the chair. The meeting was opened with singing by the choir, followed by prayer by Mr. J. Gillingham. The President, in his address, said he was not actively con nected with any Total Abstinence Society, and had refrained from becoming so by the too ofteu intemperate advooacy of the temperance cause. He felt be could do it more good by establishing and helping forward Bands of Hope. He made it a rule to establish them, if not al ready formed, wherever he was stationed as a Wesleyan minister. He was pleased and cheered by that crowded meeting and by tbe earnestness and zeal shown by the members of the Band in their regular attendance at the fortnightly meetings and their anxiety to get: up pieces for recitation. It was exceedingly gratifying to him to see the marked improvement in many of the lads. God bless them. He trusted they would grow up men adorning society and a blessing to their native laud. A very encouraging report was then read by the Secretary of the Band, Master K. M. Flock art, followed by the choir singing ' Friends of Freedom.' Recitations were then given in a vpry creditable manner by Masters Parfitt, McBuruie, J. F. Flockart, FL Webber, and Mr. C. H. Matters, followed by music from the choir, and a young pianist, Miss Flora Langman. A short lecture was then delivered by one of the Vice-Presidents of the Band, which was very attentively listened to by the crowded assembly, followed by the chair singing ' Come and sign.' Handsome paper bags, made for the purpose, were now handed round to each per son present, containing confectionery, with which all were greatly delighted. Miss Flora Langman again rendered some pleasant music on the piano, which was followed by recitations from Masters Guthrie, and D. Flockart, Messrs. T. H. Matters, J Mills, T. Pickering, and C. Cross, with music by the choir. Various reso lutions, proposed by Mr. Pickering, M. P., and other gentlemen, having been passed, bestowing thanks to choir, reciters. Committee, ladies, &c.;, a. most delightful evening's entertainment terminated about 11 o'clock. Mr. Coombs pre sided at the harmonium. The ghost still takes his nocturnal rambles in Adelaide. On List Tuesday night he visited the Blenheim about midnight, and commenced a continuous rapping at the side door. The landlord stepped cautiously up, tbe knocking still continuing, till he opened the door suddenly and grasped — the air. Later in the night the rapping occurred again several times, but nothing could be discovered as to the cause of the annoyance. This mysterious being varies bis performances occasionally, as when, a few nights ago, he visited the house of a gentle man in North Adelaide and opened all the doors, although they had been carefully locked before the inntates retired to rest. The next night he ventilated the sauia house on a dif ferent principle, and the family were surprised on rising in the morning to find every window in the dwelling wide open. Respecting the door-opening a ridiculous circumstance occurred at an hotel in the city. A gentleman, who has no respect for any but ardent spirits, was ex plaining to the landlady that a locked door could be opened by a knife, and the hostess shut, without locking, the door of the room in which they were talking, in order that the pro cess might be more clearly described. The theoretical lockpicker, having pointed out how the thing could be done, attempted to open the door, but the handle turned round in his hands. He called to persons on the other side to liberate him, but there was no handle there to take hold of. The situation was awkward ; the room had no other outlet. Within were the amateur locksmith and the buxom landlady ; without, the host (a man of quiet habits, but severe aspect) and a number of guests, who rather enjoyed the perplexity of the parties in terested. At last, after a good deal of nervous shouting and excitement, the imprisoned gen tleman thought of the knife performance, and, drawing hw tobacco cutter, raised the latch and set himself and his fair friend at liberty. We are glad to notice that our public institutions— the Destitute Asylum, the Hos pital, aud the Lunatic Asylum— are likely to be favored with a continuance of those entertain ments which were so kindly initiated a short tinin since by Miss Aitken, the Trinity Young Men'a Society having arranged to give three en tertainments every quarter, one to each insti tution. The first of these took place at the Destitute Asylum on Tuesday evening, July 2, the large schoolroom being specially prepared for the occasion. The Rev. R. Reid, the Presi dent of the Society, occupied the chair, and after some appropriate preliminary remarks he called upon the Rev. Mr. Clayfield, who gave with much humor a reading entitled 'The Bashful Man.' This was followed by a duet, 'The Larboard Watch,' by Miss James and Mr. C. Lyons. The following recitations were delivered in the course of the evening : — ' The Leper,'byMr. Calf; ' The Wreck, 'Mr. S. Toms; 'The Ruined Cottage,' by Mr. T. Macdonald ; and 'Mrs. Caudle's Lecture on the Umbrella,' by Mr. Wm. Shakespeare. The whole of these pieces were exceedingly well given, and met with the hearty applause of the audience. During the evening several songa and duets were given by Miss James and the Messrs. T. W. and C. Lyons; amongst which may be enumerated ' The Gipsy Countess ' ' Kathleen Mavour neen. Winning the Gloves,' and the ' Two Cousins.' Mis? James presided at the piano, and her excellent playing and singing were much admired, leading to several encores. At the conclusion of the entertainment cordial votes of thanks were passed to Miss James and tbe 'Messrs. Lyons for their kindness in the musical department, to the gentlemen who had recited, to Mr. Olifent (the Relieving Officer at the Asylum), and to the Chairman. The audience, who seemed thoroughly dolighted with the whole of the proceedings, then separated. On Friday evening, June 28, the annual meeting of the Adelaide Enucational In stitution Old Scholars' Association was held at the new schoolroom, Freeman-street, the Presi dent, Mr. H. Bickford, being in the chair, and upwards of twenty gentlemen being present. The Secretary (Mr. J. F. Coni grave) read the annual report as follows : — 'Your Committee have called you together to receive their annual report, and to engage hi the election of officers for the forthcoming year. They have_ little, however, to report. Their in come during the year, including last year's balance, has been £46 4s. 5d., and their expendi ture. £43 12s. 10d., leaving a balance of £2 11s. 7d. This balance will, however, be re duced by expenses incurred in convening this meeting. Lost June the Treasurer had a balance of something like £6 in hand, but the increased expenditure this year is principally accounted for by the extra expense to which the Com mittee were put with respect to the annual dinner. The dinner was held in the Town Hall Buildings, on September 14, when there was a very good attendance, and the proceedings passed off with great good feeling and cordiality. The Old Scholars' prize was, according to cus tom, awarded at the December Examination. It consisted of a handsome writing- desk, and was presented by the President to Mr. C. C. Kingston. The number of members on the roll is 112, beiug au increase of ten over last year. This number, however, is not in proportion to the many old scholars who are in the colony, and the Committee would take this opportunity of again urging those who recur to schoolday reminiscences, and wish occasionally to renew schoolboy friendships, to join the Old Scholars' Association. Its objects have been often ex plaiued. They are to promote kindly feeling amongst the old pupils of Mr. Young now that circumstances have separated them, and to pro vide a means for their assembling together once in the year to meet each other and Mr. Youug in a social and friendly manner. The Com mittee would gladly welcome any new members of this Association, which it is hoped will be come as permanent an Institution as that with which it is associated. The whole of the Com mittee retire this evening, and it will devolve upon the present meeting to elect their successors.' The Treasurer (Mr. A. K. Whitby) read the balance- sheet. On the motion of Mr. C. Hack, seconded by Mr. G. Bean, tbe report and balance-sheet were adopted. The following officers were then duly elected for the ensuing year :— President, Mr. C. W. Babbage ; Secre tary, Mr. ML S. Clark ; Treasurer, Mr. L. H. SholL Committee — Messrs. Chapman, Coui grave, Bickford, Finlayson, and Auld. A vote of thanks to the retiring officers was passed and duly acknowledged, and the meeting ter minated. If we may judge from the earnestness displayed on Wednesday last by several gentle men, members of the Kapunda Tramway Com mittee, we can safely state that if they do not secure the construction of the tramway it will not be for the want of exerting themselves. It having been arranged that a meeting should be held at Marrabel on the evening of that day, Dr. Tallis. Mr. J. Pcarce, and Mr. J. Mullen were appointed to attend as a deputation, and about half-past 3 o'clock in the afternoon they left Kapunda, accompanied by the representa tive of this journal and the editor of the Kapunda Herald, in a buggy drawn by two horses ; but scarcely had they passed the boundary of the town when the rain came down most unmercifully. On arrival at Hamil ton all were considerably damped in clothes, although not in spirits, for never a word was uttered about returning, notwithstanding that they received the very discouraging information that the Light had been impassable during theday. Fortunately, however, they succeeded in crossing the river, and reached Marrabel just before dark, in certainly a very watery condition. There they were met by a few friends, and congratu lated upon their zeal for the movement. After tea had been discussed a meeting was held, and despite tbe weather a tolerably large number of tbe residents put in an appearance, and some good speeches were made. By the way, it would net be unwise to make a reuiwk or two respect ing the township of MarrabeL lake other townships in the North, its rise has been sudden, for a few years ago it had no existence. It was laid out by Mr. Thos. Penny, and christened Marrabel by Miss Penny. For some time it did not get on much, but within the last two years and a half its progress has been rapid, which may be inferred froui the fact that it couta'ns about 30 substantially built dwelling houses. In addition to these, there is a very commodious hotel and two capital stores, one of which is the Post-Office : and there is also, as might naturally be supposed, a capacious and well-built mill, Marrabel being the centre of a large agricultural district, which produced on an average last yeat 20 bushels to the acre. Mr. Rayuer is the proprietor of the mill, which is capable of turning out 40 tons of flour per week, aud since the last harvest he has shipped as much as 40,000 bushels of wheat to England. Besides the mill, Mr. Rayner possesses a large piggery, worth fully £300. The appearance of the township will shortly be materially improved, for the Bible Christians are erecting a chapel, and the Episcopalians have the stone carted for a church, and on Sunday next the foundation stone of a Roman Catholic edifice will be laid. From the general character of the buildings it is very evident that the inhabitants thoroughly believe in the permanent prosperity of the township. To return to the deputation, we may remark that it was their intention to have gone back to Kapunda that night, but they were prevented from doing so by the Light being impassable, so they remained there, and returned home in the morning. Accounts from the lower end of the Peninsula state that the lambing is proceeding very satisfactorily. Feod is abundant, and a high percentage of lambs is anticipated. — Wallaroo Times. The Euko Mine has stopped working. The men have now been idle a fortnight, and have not, we arc informed, recaived the balance of their wages. We perceive by an advertise ment in another column that a meeting will bo held on MoHday evening at Moonta, to consider the action to be takeu by the Peninsula share holders at the general meeting next month. — Wallaroo Times. Twenty steerage passengers, mostly of the laboring and mining class, left yesterday by the Lubra for Port Adelaide. Some 15 or 1G mechanics and laborers left also by the Kan garoo for Port Lincoln, but these being resi dents who have gone under an engagement with Mr. DeGaris, will no doubt return agaiu. — Wallaroo Times. The man Eufield, for whose apprehen sion a warrant was issued in March last, for stealing a horse, at Moonta, and who, it is be lieved, robbed one of Mr Duncan's huts some time since, has been apprehended somewhere in the neighborhood of the Burra. He will be taken before the Magistrate there on the charge of horse-stealing, and will afterwards be brought here to answer the charge of not only robbing the hut, but also of absconding from the em ploy of Messrs. Rogers, of Yorke Valley. — Wal- laroo Times. According to the Argus no provision, it seems, has been made for the extension of the provisions of the Border treaty to South Australia. The Chief Secretary lust evening said the Government would be happy so to extend the provisions of the treaty if it could be done upon a satisfactory basis. When the representatives of South Australia were present at the Postal Conference it was found that this could not be accomplished, and since then no communication with the neighboring colony on the subject had taken place. The Melbourne Argus says: — 'Con- stable Conn, stationed at Carisbrook, had a very narrow escape from losing bis life on Saturday last. He arrested a notjriously drunken saddler named John Hunter, who has often been before the Bench, and was taking him to the lock-up, when the man stabbed the constable in the abdomen with a large saddler's awl that he had in his hand, inflicting a serious wound. If the awl had penetrated half an inch further, it would have caused death.' As the cogent interrogative of ' What shall we do with our boya?' has baffled the logical subtleties of most of our political mag nates, the 'boys' have evidently determined to solve the riddle for themselves. Two urchins, James Weir and Kyran Muluall, aged respec tively 15 and 12 years, were charged at the City Court yesterday with stealing the sum of £6 in gold. A man named Patrick Lynch had been lodging at the house of MulhaU's father, and one day cf last week he placed a number of half-sovereigns in a chest of drawers in his bed room. Mulhall and Weir (the Utter had pre viously been a servaut at MulhaU's} became apprised of the deposit ; they watched their opportunity, effected an entrance into the room, aud succeeded in removing 12 half-sovereigns. On Monday evening, however, the fangs of De tective Black lemoraelessly nipped their sprout ing ambition. They were apprehended by that officer in the vestibule of the Theatre Royal, where they were swaggering about in the osten tations pnde of complete suits of new clothes, and leisurely indulging in the relaxative dissipa tion of pipes and tobacco. When searched, their portraits, recently taken, and £2 in silver were found in their possession. The Bench expressed a satisfactory opinion *f the physical development of Weir, and sent him on board the Training-ship for a period of two years ; his companion was remanded until the following day. — Melbourne Argus. 