LATEST NEWS. I (T5Y ELECTRtCTELEGKAPH) (PER GUEViIXE AND CO.) MELBOURNE, MAY 20. Two revolvers and eleven one pound notes have been found near Searle's hotel. It is believed that the notes are a portion of the late Mr Burke's property, and it is understand tlmt the police have sufficient evidence for a conviction. A writ arliorari to remove the case r.f the Inglewood Tramway vertus Baniirrman from the County Court to the Supreme Court has been granted. Mr Ramsay was buried in the Melbourne General Cemetery to-day. A large number of members of Parliament were present, aud a long string of vehicles. THE LATE MR. RAMSAY, M.L A.—A telegram from Echuca, on Saturday, conveyed to the frieuds of Mr John fiamsay, M.L.A.. the not altogether unlooked for intelligence, tbat the illness from which he so long suffered, and which would long ago have worn out a weaker frame, had terminated in death. He had been unable to take his place in Parliament for some time, and had gone northwards to the milder climate of the Murray, to recruit his strength. The deceased was a native of the very old but decayed borough of Prestwick, in Ayrshire, which derived its charter, with a grant of Crown lands for the use of the "freemen " of the borough for ever, from Bobert the Bruce, for the gallant services of the " Wabsters of Prestwick" at Banuockburn. Brought up amongst this sturdy and independent race, Mr Ramsay inherited much of their nature. After having been some time in Glasgow, employed in a calender warehouse—a branch of "s"f' goods" industry almost peculiar to the city on the Clyde—he wer.t, while still young, to one of the settlements in tlie West Indies, where he was employed upon, aud afterwards had the management of a su°Hr estate. The depression which came over tli;it interest at a later period induced him to se< k fresh fields and pastures new, and he sought them in Australia when the news reached the West Indies of the discovery of gold iu this colony. He was successful in his earlier iniuing adventures, and held at one time a large interest in a golden claim on Eaglehawk Reef, Maldon. He was amongst the earliest of the land reformers, and latterly he embraced politics almost as a profession. He became the representative of Maldon in the Assembly in 1861, n seat which he held till his death. He was al.-o for years past a member nf the mining B 'ar.l <.f Castlemaine, for the Tarrangower district. He was a man or considerable abilities, but fortuue followed him too perseveringly with uukindnpss to enable him to fulfil his aspirations. The name of " Honest John" was originally applied t,> him in all honour—though used of later day?, we fear, by severer critics, with what Mr Sands would call "a slight tinge.of irony." He was usefol to his constituents, and by no weans the least intelligent and well-meaning member of the Lower Chamber.—Argus \ JUSTICES' JUSTICE IN NONTHASIPR.'NSHMN — At the Middletou Cheney Petty Sessions, a middle-aged farm labourer, uauitd William Peckover. in receipt of 10s, a week fr m which he had deducted Is. which he pays for rent, was summoned before the Rev. Francis Litchfield and T. B. Cartwright, Esq., on the ground that he, being possessed of "sufficient means." did not contribute to the maintainance of his father. Evidence of tbe cbargeahility having been given, the defendant was ordered to pay half-a-crows a week—George Wade, fi9 years of age, and William Wade-his brother, were summoned on a like charge. The relieving officer deposed that the father is in receipt of 2s. 3d. weekly and two loaves, making altogether a cost of 3s. $ -and jia ^it WAS shown that George was in receipt of 12s a week, and only paid 6d. a week rental, whilst William was only in receipt of 10s a week, and paid Is. a week for rent, the full amount allowed.by the guardians was ordered to be divided between tbem in the following proportions : George to pay 2s. 3d. a week, and his brother Is. 2d. But perhaps the hardest case of all was that of John Mayo, a store-breaker on the roads, earning 10s. a week, aud 63 years of age, paying Is a week rental, was ordered to pay Is. 6d. a week towards the maintainance of his father, 93 years of age. The Church publishes the form iu which, as it says, the Princess Dagmar, recently married to tbe Czirewieh, so piously renounced the distinctive tenets of Lutheranism. After expressing her belief in the seven sacraments, transubstantiation, and theadoration of pictures and prayers to the saints, her royal highness was made to say :—"I believe and confess that tbe Foundation-head and Supreme Pastor and Bishop of the Greco-Russian Church is our Lord Jesas Christ; and that from him all bishops, pastors, and teachers are ordained ; and that the Ruler and Governor ot the said Church is the Holy Ghost. That this Church is the Bride of Christ, I also confess; and that in her is true salvation to be found, and that no one can possibly be saved in any other except her, I believe." THE POWER OF TRUTH,—All truth must prevailed it is progress, the ills and inconveniences as well as the vices connected with this mortal state, must be lessened. Wilson, the celebrated vocalist was upset one day in his carriage, near Edinburgh. A Scotch paper after recording the accident adds "We are happy to state that be was able to appear the following evening in three jneces," 