MISCELLANEOUS EXTRACTS. New Step For Upright Shaptivo.— . The pressure on the step% or contrivance which supports an upright shaft, is frequently very great, and it often limits the applicability of certain mechanical annlinnres: thn*. the utilization of tails oi water ot great neignt, as a means oi driving turbines, && The difficulty has been met very ingeuiously, says the Scientific Review, by causing the rounded end of the shaft to bear on and a ;uinst chilled irou balls, placed iu a pan-shaped chamber. The end is of such form that its surface acU ou the balls at an angle cf 4V au.t presses them against the rim of the chamber. The dill'er ence between the diameter of the inside of the rim against which they act, and the circle traversed by ttieir inuer surface, is sucb as to secure a uniform rotation and an even wear. The invention is applicable to the ends of shafts, however situated. Electricity applied to Iron Smelting. —Of all the remarkable applications of electro maznctism which have been made within the past three or four years, the most remarkable, perhaps, reports the, iioidh Durham and Cleveland Mercury, is the on« now talked about— the use of an electro magnetic curieut In the smelting of iron. We hear that the experiment has been tried at one of the leading ironworks iu Sheffield, and with com plete success'. The mode of operatiou, as roughly described, is to place a fixed electro-magnet opposite an openiug iu the side of the furnace, to excite the magnet by means of a Siuue's battery, and to direct the current of magnetism into the molten metaL The ellect is surprising; the metal appeals to bubble and boil, the melting ia expe dited, which economises fuel, and the quality of iron is so much improved that, fur toughness and hardness, it can hardly be equalled. It appears that some, if not all, of the impurities which remain after the ordinary process, are driven out by the use of magnetism; consequently, this new application of the occult element may be regarded as full of promise fur all who work in irou. As is known to rome mechanicians, the late Dr. Siever iuvented a process by which iron could be converted into puddled or wrought iron before it left the sinelting-furnace; but the employment of mag netism seems likely to be more effectual. Further particulars will probably be forthcoming iu a short time;, meanwhile, we would suggest that it is a case for the application of Wilde's electro- magnetic machine. With the powerful currents thereby generated the results of smelting should be still mure important. USEFUL AMERICAN* 'NVENTIONS.— At the Frauklin Institute, Philadelphia, some new mechanical contrivances or new applications have been exhibited, one or two of which, writes the Builder, are worth notice. A national lifter, as it is called, or portable crane, ia bo constructed as to be easily tuoveable from place to place, and set up by one man, and yet it is capaMe of taisiug til least 10 tons. A pulley with cam-wheel, if the rope should break duiing the hoisting, immejialely clamps the rope, awd so prevents tne fall of the weight or load that was being raised. A manufac turer in Massachusetts, having observed that his workmen lost 12 per ceut. ot their time iu screwing up and unscrewing the vice at which they worked, has invented a vice at which that defect in obviated, and the jaws can be opened or closed with a single pull or push, aud the article operated on is held as tightly as in an ordinary vice. The nie-.-hauism of the vice comprises a rack with ratchet teeth, and a nut with teeth on its under side to fit into those of the rack. This nut rises when the vice is to be opened or closed, but drops into its place when the piece of work is inserted, aud then one turn of a screw suffices to lighten it up. This -is an invention which locksmiths and instrument makers will doubtless take advantage of. Transparency ok Hed-uot Iron. — At the last sittiut- of the French Academy of sciences a paper was received froui Father Secctii, of Kouie, on a highly curious and blartliug fact— the trans parency of irou at a red heat. This property, says Galignani, hitherto unknown to meu of science, though it seems practical meu have loug been aware of it, was illustrated iu the following way :— Father Seech i had ordered a strong iron tube to be made. As it was intended for un apparatus requiring a vacuum, it was essential that this tube should be perfectly air-tight, aud Father Secchi hail some doubts about its soundness in this respect. In order to set these at rest the tube was made red hot, and taken into a dark space, when Father Jkcehi clearly perceived through the iron, which was half a centimetre thick, a crack inside the tube, aud which did not reach to the ouier tiiirfncp A New An/Esthetic. — We are giad to announce (writes the Lancet) the introduction of x new anesthetic, wtiich, if further experience confirms the results hitherto obtained, promises to be of remarkable value. Dr. 1'rotheroe aimith lias been . making some observation!) ou the ad ministration i.y inhalation of the tetracholoride of :arbon (C Oil), of which we wait for a fuller recount. In the meantime, from our own obser vation, we may stale, iu favour of this agent, that it has a pleasant odour, somewhat resembling that of the quince. ' We understand tkai anesthesia is rapidly produced by it (iu some cases in the space uf half a minute), that the condition upbears to be easily sustained with or without entire loss of consciousness, and that the cllectJ pass oil' very ijuickly. There is not usually, we Iturn, any excitement or struggling before aiuuthcsia super venes, and its use is nut followed by the sickness which is sometimes so troublesome a feature from the administration of cloroform. A point of great imeiest in relation to me tetracholoridu of carbon is the property which we aro told it possesses of immediately allaying pain arising from ajy cause. Iu a large number of instances it has been suc cessfully employed for the relief of headache and dysmenorrhu-al sintering. Dr. Protheioe hinilli h is fouud it of gieat value in inducing quiet und refreshing sleep. New Fuel. — Mr. John Hamilton, of Glasgow, has patented (reports the Mining Journal) a highly efficient fuel, which is thus composed, the proportions given having been found to produce good results :— i 'ne t- -n of finely sifted anthracite coal or other screened or pul verized bituminous coal known as dull or clum, two hundred weights of sawdust, and forty gallons of heated coal tar or oilier material, such as still ' bottoms,' or residuum left after the distillaliou of mineral oils, la manufacturing the improved fuel from the above-mentioned materials the sifted coal aud sawdust a,e mixed together, aud the coal Ur or other residuum, as above mentioned, is poured thereon in a heated bUle; when com thoroughly combined and commingled by hand or my suitable mechanical means When thoroughly ^imbined, the admixture is allowed to stand for 24 hours, or thereabouts, before being used as [uel. The fuel may bs pressed int - the form of bricks, or used ia a loose state. By heating the oil before mixing with the coal and sawdust, the spirit and light nils which are injurious are got rid of, and the necessity for drying the fuel in ovens or in any other manner is avoided. The admixture under the present invention is more complete iu both its combination und action, giving ofi' greater heat than other fuels; at the same time, the suwdxst holding in it a larger proportion of oxygen, com.ustiou is thereby iiusisted. New Method or Ventilation. — A method of ventilation has been tried in a la.gc public establishment, the Almshouse at Philadel phia, which deserves consideration, us it appears to have ellectualiy accomplished the end proposed, the complete removal of foul air. in dc-cribiug the method Chambers' s Journal says:— An opening is made at the level of the iloor in the wall o{ a room or ward iu the position usually occupied bjr the fireplace, at which heated air is made to How in. MearthtB, also at the level of the Hot, two oi her openings are made connected with a flue, to serve as outlets. 1 he warm air on its entrance naturally rises, but finding no escape at the ceiling, it accumulates at the upper part of the room, and forces down the air which, having been longest in the room, is comparatively cool. This at length id compelled to escape by the two outlets above mentioned, and thus there is a complete circulation and displacement of the whole mass of 'air iu the room. Ev'en m the most crowded wards the air was so thoroughly freshened by this method that not the slightest offensive odour could be detected; and an elf ctual check was given to the fever and cholera which had broken out in Hume parts of the building. The merit of this method appears to consist in a rcversallof the usual practice, which is to place the outlets at the ceiling; if so much good can be effected by placing them ut the floor, we sh uld be glad to hear of a trial made iu some large PKtnhlifihmpnt. in tliie pnmitrv The JNew Austrian Breech-loader. -The Austrian correspondent of the Times gives .lie following account of the new breech- loading rifle selected by the Austrian Government. The aim is the invention of M. Werndl, of Stcvr. I )f the better known systems, it most resembles the ' Peabody.' It u reraarkible for its simplicity and solidity. It may be said to consist of four pieces— the stock cf beechwood, which reaches nearly up to. the inuzzel of the barrel ; the barrel and backpiece of one piece of cast steel ; the lock, c insisting of a wedge, with a groove over which the cartridge is dipped into the barrel, and which opens and shuts between the barrel and the backpiece; and, fourthly, the trigger. The manipulation of the gun is easy; there are four motions in loading. After dUcharge, the thumb is pressed against a flat kneb projecting on the left side of the gun, and the lock thrown open. By the same motion the discharged cartridge in extracted by a lever. Over a groove, which now appears in the wedge, a cartridge is slipped into the barrel by a second motion. By a third motion the wedge is thrown biek. and the bietch locked, and the guu is then cocked. The gun may also be cocked by a fiist motion immediately after dis charge. It is possible to Brt 24 rounds in a minute. At 1,200 yards a bullet from the ' Wtrudl' will penetrate four inches ef deal board. The Bullet-Pump. — Under this name many a sarcasm has been recently cast on the inventor of a contrivance by which the celebrated 'corporal and four men' might destroy a whole battalion in a few minutes. The invention, how ever, is not so absolutely devoid of merit as to prevent the Augnburg Gazette from returning to the charge, and endeavouring to demonstrate iti practical utility. Nor h this destructive engine quite new, inertia and velocity having ere this been applied to obtaining an immense power of pro jection. In 1S32 M. Steinhcil caused a model of this same machine to be constructed ; it couid be managed by a single man, aud was submitted to the inspection of a miliUry commission, which made a series of experiments that left no doubt as to its destructive jtowers. Its principle simply consists in a proper application of centrifugal force. A .metallic disk is made to revolve cither by s:«am or by animal power; on each bide of the disk a groove is cut, going from the centre to the circum ference. The centre itself is hollowed out so as to receive bullets. The iqtary motion of the disk ciusea the bullets to get iuto the grooves, in which they fit loosely, and, obeying the laws of centrifugal force, they run to the circumference, and fly eff with a velocity 12 times greater than that oi the rotation of the disk. There are several con trivances provided for g.ving the bullets the same direction. In 1813 M. rfteinheil caused a machine for grapeshot to be made; it was worked by steam ; but the military commission which examined it jr..s of opinion that it could not be used for the field, but might do good service in the navy, or for the defence of foitressts. It would be rather I curious to sea it adopted now. Fetjit Flavoured at Will.— a gar dener of Gand has. afer many trials, succeeded, writes Galianani, in giving any kind of fruit ttie flavour he pleases while it is still ou the tree. I*t us takean apple for instance; he pricks it rather deeply in four or five places with a large needle, and then lets it dip for a while in a bowl containing a liquid, possessing the flavour he wishes to communicate. After a few seconds this liquid will have penetrated into the pulps; and this operation being repeated two or three times, at intervals of eight or 10 days, the apple is left to ripen on the tree, and will subsequently bo found to have acquired the taste either of strawberry, raspberry, dores, &&. according to the liquid employed. Serpents at Meals.— Some rabbits, so ?cum as to be almost helpless, wwe dropped ''« »ie cases of the rattle-snakes and puff adder. towOTiV^'-™-^ bu.u!ie wu°™ ffl» nmd» riie hit*, xn'&°R than J .8huuld nave 'pected. ;*1^'1 these species id said to be fatal to wflntv minntJ:8- US11-1,-. auillials »u*vived about «1n «„« ? J68* fl'5 bltes were effectually siven, is in one instance blood o^zed from the Duncturea! md 1 in another it flowed from the ^fandnffi [ paid particular attention to the act of atriklne laying understood that our English Tv per docs not itrictly speakinr, bite-that is, does not do8a the awe. but with the mouth wide open drives in tho :angs by a downward stroke of the uPp7r?aw like .he blow of a hammer. The putt adder how'ever ippeared to seize its prey with a momentary grip eaving go immediately. - XardwkLsfkS'c jrQSStp, The Peninsula op Sinai.— From our ray. childhood we have l-een taught to regard the Peninsula of Sinai as a hallowed land, yielding Mo wlm of sanctity to Palestine alone. As the scene Dftbegivmgofthelaw;asthenaturalcraillesekcle-l by irod ;or the development and growth of His people into an independent nation; a* the region to which the prophet Klijah directed his steps in his memorable flight from the cruel Jezebel; ns the probable abode of the Apostle St. Paul, wlica he withdrew to Arabia after his miraculous con version, it is indeed a land full of sacred associa tions. But apart from its great biblical interest, it is in many other respects one of the most remark able districts ou the face of the earth. It is i countiy in the history of which geology must occupy a more thau usually prominent position. Being lessentiully a desert region, yet at thesamo time almost entirely destttutu of thut mantle of sand which has enveloped and concealed the natural features of so large a p jrtion of the African deserts, it owes its grandeur, no less than its barrenness to iteST?.- }ho,VKki °,f wWch -' is composed. It ia difficult for those who live iu such a land m ours, which owes its charm* to its luxuriant vegetation, to conceive how a cumtiv which in described as being almost entirely * devoid of vegetation can have any pretensions to beauty. Vet, apart from all its sacred association*, 1 know of no countiy which impresses itself mure vividly upon the senses than the southern portion of the Peninsula of Sinai. ' It combines the three grand features of earthly Pconeiy-tlie s.:a, the desert, and the mountains.' The lack of ve-utatioi is compensated for by the bright colours of ihe rocks, which, wheu lighted up uy the rising or setting sun, produce an ellect the beamy of which it is impossible to describe ; the want ot rivirs and lakes is supplied with frequent views cf the deep blue son, which present themselves from almost, m»y point in the Sinait.c range ; and the wild grandeur of tho mountains, ever varying in form and structure, dispels the monotony which the .iWr.ce of trees would otherwiso be&el.-; Papular Science licvkw. Dreamland. — Tho power which in our wakimi moments is employed m correcting tho reports of the various senses by comparing them with one another, iu examining the evidence of nil the impressions made on the iniud, und testing them by the analogy of iu past experience, uppe-ur* in sleep to be, in uios*. caw, totally suipeiidcil. If, for instance, an impression in made ou any one uf the senses, the famy immediately connects it with, some cause which has produced the ecnsalion before, or has been const eted likely to do ho. 1 his 18 the philosophy uf the ghost which iR saidtu attend pork suppers. The weight of undigested food in the stomach U readily attributed to snmo external cause; fancy combines nil her ideas of the horrible, and repre. tuts a mounter seated on our chest, or ready to crush us with kouic vte it uciulit. Ihat this want of co-operation in ttie faculties ia the cause vf some of the most curious phenomena (f dreams is evident frum many well-autheiiticuii'd facts. Dr. lieattic speak* vt a man who could l« made to dream anything by whisneriiu in his our. Dr. Gregory relates of himself that, having onco occasion to apply a bottle of hot water Ut his feet when ho ietired to bed, he dreamed that ho was ascending the side of Mount Ktna, mid that ho found the heat of the ground almost innutlcr:il-le. Persons who have had a blister applied to their heads have been known to dream of being sculped by a party of North American lndiaim. Such tiro some of the well-known phenomena of drumus, but there are other* eveu yet more Bturtling. The Seaman's SuouuaE.— Tho old Bail maker frightened ua by telling his experience of the scurvy. When he was iu tho Pacilic trudo moBt of the crow had scurvy nioie or lesB and iu iliffereut ways, and he and four others were huUtcd iuto the Dreadnought hospital nlup once IlkoKO much rotten carrion, m disligurod that their own mothers wmiidu't have known them. The doctor told him that short commons, bad meat, or hard living helped to bring it on, but that want of vegetable food wnn the great) cause of it. Good limejuice, which costs only a Blulling a month for each man, and is ordered by Act of Parliament, invathbly kuepH it uwuy, even if there be no potatoes or other vegetables served out. But turturic oci 1, citric acid, Hiiphurio acid, :uid other usclcsi cheap sluilti are Bold fjr if, and sadors sutler. The miil maker eaid that officers ttnd passengers never sutler from it, no, not even convietn, becuuxe tho law took cure that emigrants, soldiers, and con vie ts should have preserved vegetables ou shipboard and real limejuice, and not lie crammed into black holes. Ho had never been the same man Hinco ho had the scurvy; it, took twenty ynurs from hiH life, and made him liable to tuko any pausing (lhca.se. The doctor told him to take a stung of onions and a bottle of Raits of potash to sea with him, and not to trust to the cheap trash given instead of limejuice; and that vinegar didn't prevent the scurvy t huugli beer did. Many of the large ships belonging to «ood Awners never have the scurvy when they berth their crews well, serve out potatoes! ami compressed vegetables and preserved meat. now anil then, and give full prices for good limejuice mixed with a little spirits, and sealed up in g:uiJ8 bottles. There was no scurvy in Yankee ships; for, though they knocked their men about like dogs, they fed them like (Jhrihtiuna, nlwiiyA giving potatoes or preserved vegetables, cheap fruitH, molasses, ami treacle; and when they added Home beer it didn't so much matter if the limejuice deteriorated.— The Argosy. i UA JSKFBtrr OF A1AIIKIAOE. — DoUbtlCHfl ,-mi have remarked with satisfaction how the litllu ulii'nieiof men who marry rather lute iu life are pruned away speedily ufier their inaniwi1. You liuve found a man who used to lie shabbily und .?areless'y dres.sed, with a huge shirt collar frayed it the edgex, anil aplaiiug yellow Kiik pockethund kerchief, biokcn of thene things, and become a pattern of neatness. You li;ne seen a man wIioho lisir and whiskers were lidieulouely cut speedily become like other human beings. You have kucii i elergymun who wore a long beard in a little while appear without one. You have seen a man who used to sing ridiculous BcntiiucnUl song* leave them oil'. You have seen a man who took BiiufF :o|-iuusly, and who gemrally had hid breast covered witliKiiul)', abandon the vile habit. Awifciahu irrand wielder of the moral pruning-Kinfe. JIail Johnson's wifu lived there would have ken no boarding up of bits uf or inge-iieel ; no touching all :he po4$ in walking along the ttreet; im euling ind drinking with a disKUHting voracity. If ( Diver Uoldsinjth had l-een mairicd he would never liuvo ivorn that memorable mid riliculous coat. When ever you find a man whom you know tittlo about iddly dressed, or talking ridiculously, nr exhibiting iiny eccentricity of manner, you may bo Hire tlut lie is not a married man, lor the litllu coition* fire rounded oil, the little shoots aro pruned away, in married man. Wives generally have much more sciikc than their husband*, ttn,ieciiilly when their husbands are clever men. The wife's Bilviccn are like the bullast that keeps the ship steady. Tliny arelike the wholesome, though painful sIioiwh, snipping oil' little growth* of self-conceit and foliy. — Fraxer1* Alayanne. The Mauule Palace. — Evoiy room of the long suite which leads round the square block was opened to the public. In oilier countries, so far as 1 have seen und beaid of the interior of palaces, even the most favoured gueMts Kcldom penetrate beyond the Btute-roomu. It is only tliu immediate associates of royal pereouagcH who visit the apartments where tho illustrious in mutes actually live and dwell ; but here the doors of evoiy room, public or private, were set wi leopen, just as if the guests had been a company of auctioneer!! about t.j bid for the trappings and furniture of tho palace. The custom does not, porbapH, tally altogether with our English notions of piivuey, but it certainly enhanced tho splendour - f tho reception. Iiintcad of being cooped up in half a dozen halls, the tide of gueBts ebbed to and fro through the cndlcBx rows of rooms leading one into another. It seemed to me an if the long proccs- i- ion would never end. Out of hulls blazing with light and colour you passed into low galleries; then into bed-chambers hung with rkh tapestries; then into alcoves surrounded with gorgeous flowers ; then into conidors where fountain* bparkled brightly; ami then again into new ranges of halls, encli more splendid thau the last which you had traversed. I have no doubt the space passed over was really yoiy considerable; but it seemed even greater thau it was to persons like mynelf, wandering from room to room, as the fancy took us, without any clear notion (if the direction in which we were going or the path we followed. And, as land-marks and sun-poBtB. there were stalls erected at eveiy turn and corner, where champagne bottles were opened constantly for the rtfreHhmcntof travellers wearied by their wandering*. 1 cannot give you a detailed catalogue of the treasures and riches displayed ia that long labyrinth of chambers, to which there seemed- when you had once entered it- to bo neither end nor licginning: even if I could, I doubt whether I should convey by so doing any idea of what it was like. I can oniy say thut everything looked in harmony with the gold coloured uniforms and diamond-bedecked dresses of the goodly com puny who kept gliding noiselessly over tho rich carpets and inlaid floors. The old nureeiy thyme, ?Upstairs and downstair*, and in my lady'a chamber, ' ran in ir.y head as we moved uboul (ho palace, going where arid how we pleased. Tlio very bedroom of the lirand Duchess was not kept sacred from invasion. Except that everything wag in order, and all the scent bottles and toilette ornaments were arranged tymmetrically side by side, it looked like -what I believe it was-a room that had just beeu occupied by its owner, and would in a few hours lie occupied af/ain. Even morecu'ious was the (-iand Duke's own study— the room where he writes and reads. Kitted up ia the old l:u-sian style, with wooden panels and Dutch tiles, k bore all the appearance of a snuggery in constant use. Pupere, letters, and telegram* lay unopened on the study tables; there were model! of ships stuck about the walls, charts of different countries, photographs of private fiiends. English hooka ktood upon the book-shelves, and English newspapers were Uf- open upon the stands; and, unless I am mudi mistaken on am hit »f which I have some experience, the aroma (f strong fragrant tobacco pervaded the apartment. People who are mtimate « itb the - Jranu Duke say* that ho prefers this homely study to i.ny of the KplemlM rooms with which bis palace abound*. When 1 hud tho honour to be presented to him aRastrangu, during the course of the evening, hU first question was whether I had seen the room in the palace which he had had arranged in the old KiiRfiaii style. Though puling bimeelf on representing what I suppose one ought to call Muscovite 'Joiyinn, tho (irand Duke Constantino h, 1 should guthcr, moro English in his tastes and likiuus than the more liberal members of the Impend family. He nsked me several questions which showed a vciyiutimato acquaintance with England, and told me, I recollect, amongst other thiims, that ho had never felt so proud in his Ufa as when he saw a i/aiue of chess he had played published its a model in an English newspaper, l/e/s tall and stately than any of his brothers, he has inherited more of I he keen Russian look than has fallen to their chare, and hm moreover, an. air of restless enerpy which is wanting to their softer features.— A Month in Russia during Uie Mairiage of the Czarevitch. By EdmardDicey. . . A woman being enjoined to try tho effect of kindness on her husband, raid being told that it would heap cools of fire on his head, replied that she had tried 'bilin water,' and it didn't do a bit of good. Bhe was rather doubtful about tho 1 efficacy of coals.'— 4m«rica» Paper, 