TO TN EPEOPLE OF QUEEISLAND. (Per favour of the Queeslanc d Times.) FE?Low- ooLoxIsTS,-As a general election may be saortly expected, and as some of those who have so long misrepresented you will be seeking your suffrage again, in order to obtain from ynou another five years' lease, to eniable them to do as they have done before -that is, to rob, cheat, humnbug, and bamboozle you. Now, if you are willing to submit to this, the best thling you can do is to re-elect tile same men who have led you into ruin and burthened you with a debt that you will be obliged to stagger under whether you can bear it or nont. As things are at present, it is impuos sible for you to be properly represented. You are dependent on one class alone, that is, the squatter and the squatter's agent or merchant who supplies the squatter with stores; these and a few lawyers are your legislators; aud the consequence is tlhey have taken good earn to legislate for themselves and will do it again as long as you are dependent on them, and are obliged to trust to them. The fact is, the whole ystem of Parliamentary eovernment ouglt to be changed; and why so P Neither Uppernor Lower ousne represents the country; they only represent one class; and the people have never been thoughlt of erxcept as a means ol raising taxes. I ask any reason able man to look back on the history of Queensland for the last seven years, and he must acknowledge that Sir George F?erguson Bowen and his class-government has been a most miserable failure. Why, a Parlia ment of bullock-drivers, with "King John" for a Governor, would have had thile country in a position fifty times better than it is at present. Now, fellow-cliaste, my idea of a good and popular Governnlent is tids: a royal Governor is better than an elected one, because tlen hlie may be considered to be a man belonging to no party or nio class; an elected Governor would only be the tool of a party. 'bhe Parliament slould consist of two Houses--the Upper House to represent property, its members to hare a high qualilleation, and to sit for thlree years; the electors to be possessed of a certain amount of real property. This House would be Conservative. The Lower House should be elected annually, and its members paid say £200 per unnum; the qualitcation and franchise to be the same as at present, and the election to be held immediately nnter cach session of Parliament. This would enable the public to obtain the serricos of umany who are now working-men, and whose sound sense and general iitclligncie ore in an immeasurable degrsee higher thln thatint of most of the nominees of what is now called the Upper House. N'ow, your prasect-or llrather youlr late-members would never vole for suech a ehalne in your system of government, and the only method you can take to obluin it (except you rcsorled to violent measures, which are to be avoided, if lpossible) is to send in men pledged to sulpport such a chinge ill olr systemo of governmcent; on, if you c:ninot find such men, then esory elelctorate lshoull subscribe, aod elect and pay their memnbers until they pass a law to pay themselvese out of thle geleal recvenuc. Electore of Queenslnnd, don't allnow yourselves to be humbugged by any one who may tell Vou tlhat this would inot be respectabhle. I)epenl iupon it ;hnt the hard and horny hand of an honest mechanic or day labourer who is intellicont enoug?l to represet rol is more to be respecsted lthan th.le soft anold jewelled" htni of o swindler or picpo,-kel, nid many of your late or I maoeey ps reenol-menlbers ire lot imirii better, when we look back on tile botchineg nld jobbery of which we are the victims. lYour squattelr Goverment haS systemotieolly kept back the settlement or the eounlltre. Four rears ago, before thley broughlt forward Itheir c ailwen y poli.y, tiley were advised in the publir papelr by a lmechanic to aet aside along the trqjneelel lines of railway one or two mnillion aeise of good lend at £I per acre, or at :7t per centl. iilrcest ol the purehnlse-lnoney, oith deferred payment; this would have allowed the in tending farmer to use his sneull cahieal in t.he improve ment of his form.ll If this had beeni adopted, at the present time there would lhave been tlhonneds of prosperous farmers settled along tile lines of railway, producillng cotton, core, ilotatoes, vtlreat, barley, Ih, and other agriiculral prloduce that ice re Ilnow obliged to impllort, and a colmmercial panic in Englnhd would have had very little erfe?t on us, beccuse we should hare beenl producers, and ableo to supplort ourselves. But see hlow tile colletivre wisdom of squat-ors, equat ters' agents, and unprincipled lawyers, with a rieal Kinighlt of St. Miclhael and St. George at their haid, have managed business; the bvst of lhe la~d haIs been alienated to the henk, t.quntolr-. onl opiealilsts, nld paid for prheiciall5 hi hnuld-ordere, and e-onio ci them I can provc were iold tefr £. Now this land ii s ei io idle, aold produciln neihiig mr:e th1 : it did Iwenty T'ens ago. ]fow dill-eiln wull it htire ben i it e1d been in tloe handse of lthe aeieuiill.ris. ? TIhe cenlorl has been robbed; but oel hav e i remehd if von ]ike to force if inlo pelienr , nl l then llhlise' f .loes will findihat ther hioe iiir-reached t i ,.mlelvie. eow, all ;InuiCil:litii- I:e i theiiii'leri 3 per relnt. 01 the eseloated vilue oeflhie jropt.ri. toim vitt'ili?.i srlrcts iand town inpintl'ln.ieme-i. .blit' llit lax eli agricultural lainds thai ore elieoni.-d emd co ccli oated ? I t ould no, l~n el?nijid hand. hreenclc er should like to cneolu:age- ariculture, ndl it ould b?e tile osnlr a' ? o too eileoettl e ogri-oultturi-si; btt all other ngriiultural llidl (llhal lre alienaled I would tax 3d. per acre, to coleien;e one ouer :lil it' ii alienated froln the t?lrOnli, 01id I weold raise it ]Id. per acre every yIear ulil it reitced Is.. tied ould ex pend the proceeds of suchi :l ill Illllkill radlls Uli hUildiit bridlges to fIeililte lhhe irlille of I thii ,,,h.. Neow this would bie a death-blollw o thie I-i·d-chllnl. anst it would not iijure the fii'iiir, fir 1 would make it optional for hiul to work his tar out onil the roads or pay it in Cash--just whichever weay would suit hilml best. But will a Goverooment such as we hare agree to this ? Not a bit of it. What would the honest Minister who owns the 75,000 acres say to this. All the oratory of luMacalister and Lilley and Pring (though in Opposition) would be employed against it, and oerhaps a capitation-tax on the people proposed in lieu of it. Quoensluadere, you will norer have an honest Gon ernmeot until 1ou rise and determine to stamp out the whole brood of swnidlero and evil-doers. You must rise and squelch and crush them, so that they can do you no more Iharm. They are not to be trusltedl; thesy are not to be belioeved; they have even maode their Governor to lie by the running yeard in his spelee-ns-mnaking all our difficuelties to be aco?unted for by tile commercial crisis in England, when they know very well it was their own bungling policy that was the )cauase of all our trouble. WIhy, the cowmer ciol crisis only spoiled their own little game. Now, to remedy this evil, the whole colony maet be unanimous. We mest band together in every elee. oroate-from Somerset to the southern boundary, from Fraser's Island to the borders of Suth Australia, Let rihsbane, Ipswich, Rockhampton, Toowoomba, and every town in the colony combine and send none but pledged or paid membero. If you don't you muest submit to be swindled, plundered, and robbed, as you Ihave been for thle last seven years. Don't believeany of (hem ; thle Opposition are worse than the Govern ment; and goodnesaknows bothtarebad. Youmight travel over halfl the globe before you could find the ghost of a chance of finding worse. I hare plenty more to say, but I must leave it till some other time. In thle meantime I will leave you to think over mat ters, wrhilst I remain, yours, &c.;, CITIZEN. 