THE NEWS BY THE MAIL;,, A LETTER FROM HOME. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, JULT 2G. The month has been a month of festivity and holiday-making. John Bull has boen "seeing company," and playing the host to a variety of distinguished foreigners. The Sul- tan has been hero and the Vicoroy of Egypt ; and tho Belgians, 2,400 strong. They havo each and all been entertained in the national manner-that is to say, they havo been mada to eat and drink freely-tho children of tho Piopket and the Christians indiscriminately. They havo partaken of what is called tho hospitality of the nation-that is to say, thoy have been treated to banquets at the Guild- hall, to profuse speeches, to cheering of ox- .. cited mobs, and ringing of church-bells. Chief among our guests, by his high rank. and singular quality, is the 1'udishah, the Khaleef-cl-Islam, the Commander of , the, . i Faithful, the Successor of thclmuuns, and re piesentative of the Prophet, known to tbo . infidel dogs as His Imperial Majesty Abdul Azziz Khan, Sultan of Turkey. Surely this . is tho most extraordinary visitor which Eng- land has- ever had since sho was a nation, whose very announcement was enough to : wake our stone knights in tho Templo Church uncross their legs and grasp their swords. That " Mohamed and Tor magaunt" should be hero in person, on. i Christian soil, was marvel enough. That ho should he welcomed as an honoured guest, cheered in the streets by au English mob, and feasted by tho Lord Mayor, woro surely the crown of aU the wonders. I could not help thinking, as I stood at one of tho windows of mine host of the " Goldon. Cioss," who had decked his front all oror with ilags, and heard the bells of St. Martin's ringing out lustily as a littlo podgy, bow legged Turk, with the regular Saracen'* head under a big fez, entored the Royal carriage from tho railway station, of all tho strangeness of this rare vision. To the Sultan, peihaps, the thing was no less start- ling, though, like a well-bred Moslem, ho took care to wear tho usual vizor of sleepy indifference on his heavy features. I can only compare his look to that bored expression which the lion wears at the Zoo. upon a Sunday afternoon, when he is mobbed by the swells, and has a look-out over a forest of chii/nons. Was he thinking of what his ancestor Othnian, Bajazot tho "Terrible," or Mahmoud, who took Constantinople, would have said, could any of thoso iUustrious potentates have seen his degenerate descen- dant? Was he reckoning how perilous would be his walk over the sword-edge which leads to Iblis, when it would bo set against lum that ho had hob-nobbed with tho chil- dren of the infidel, and feasted and drunk wine with those sons of burnt fathers Î Was he gazing at the moon-faced beauties of the Trank, and meditating upon an incroaso to his harem stock ? Yet Abdul Ajzziz, wo heal, is a chasto and tempéralo prince, not after the manner of his kind, who has only one wife to his name, and accepts her as suf- ficient. Ile was sufficiently well-educated in the manners of tho West not to show any marked surprise at his reception, The Turk is, in fact, what we are too prono to forgot, as much a European as an Asiatic. Ile is a civilized being, and not a savage, aud is familiar with luxury and refinement. Tho Sultan himself is known to bo a man of considerable personal intelligence, and though this is his first visit to the West, ho must have come not altogether unpre- pared to see and hear that which was offered to his vision and his hearing. From a passing glimpse that I managed to obtain of tho Padishah's countenance, it seemed to mo that the prevailing expression in his carefully set featuies was one of haughty melancholy. The representativo of Othman could not but contrast the evidences of tho wealth, the power, and the civilisation which ho saw aiound him, with what ho had left behind him in Turkey. As an earnest reformer and civiliser in his own dominion, bo must havo felt how very fur the Turk is still bohind his competitors in the race for ompire. Ho must have been visited almost by a feeling of despair, when he looked upon tho signs around him, and thought of all tho changes that had happened since the Turk was master of Europe. Was it possiblo that any ruler could so advance Turkey as to bring her onco more on a level with her rivals ? Could tho civilisation which was needed for tho Turk, before he could hold his own in tho race, bp made compatible with the leligion of Mo- hamed ? Such thoughts must have passed through tho mind of the Sultan, as ho sur- veyed the numeious evidences around him of power-, of refinement, and of comfort.. In Paris, ho might havo admired tho unparalleled beauty and splondour of tho new streets, tho general appearance o£ luxuiy, the evidences of military forco ; but in London it was a now spectacle which waa offered to the ruler of Turkey- one even moro likely to mako an impression upon nu Eastern mind. It was tho sight of solid wealth-of successful industry-of individual freedom. We had no international exposition to show bim. We could treat bim to no such Imperial hospitality. Wo havo but a small army, and we don't keep it for show, or for home use. London itsolf as a city of pleasure is not to be compared with Paris. It is our great workshop, not only our place of recreation. Rut I doubt whether tho Sultan, as ho passed through tho vast crowds which had assem- bled about his route to do him honour, was not more impressed with the genuine and spontaneous welcome which ho received, rough though it might havo been, than with all tho decorous and regulated demonstra- tions of tho Parisian multitude. The Sultan has come and has gone, having talion his pleasure with much patienco and courage. A good deal of both of these quali- ties wero required, as will bo seen by a list of tho convivialities in which wo indulged upon tho occasion, in tho truly British manner. There was the fete at the Guildhall, which h over a ponderous and serious affair, with my Lord Mayor's speeches and tho alder manic guzzling. Then thero was tho naval review, which, as it was a stormy day, and the Sultan is a bad sailor, must havo been a somewhat painful gratification. Thon the volunteer camp at Wimbledon, on which the rain carno down in torrents, drenching the Sultan to his Imperial skin, who gal- lantly refused all cloak or shelter. Then tho visit to Windsor, which occupied 'exactly two hours and a quarter from tho timo when tho Sultan left Buckingham Pulaco to the time when he returned, which must havo beon a cheerful business, Then the fete at the Ilorti oultural-gardens, at which was seen the rush of tho British nation aftor a now cele- brity, always a terrible and portentous sight, No wondor the poor Sultan looked bored and sleepy with tho weight of his entertainment. Ho showed the most lively interest, I am told, at two things -at tho shot and sholl in Woolwich Arsenal, and at the corps de ballet in Her Majesty*.* Theatre. It was tho old Adam working in tho Turk. A good deal of disappointment was felt on tho scoro of tho Sultan's wives, of which it was oxpected that a fow hundreds among tho lighter and moro portable ona* would havo been brought over as travelling stock; but this portion of His Majesty's suite (the joko is unavoidable) was left bohind. I havo already said that His Mujesty is, on this scoro, a most exem- plary family .man; but the British public ' will not be persuaded out of tbo idea that Moharaedana aro Uko MormonB, and havo on unlimited conjugal capacity. Hence the extraordinary attraction of the Sultan to the British female, and the wonder and curiosity .with which the sex rushed tumultuonsly after ihe Ottomité, wherever ho appeared. The Viceroy of Egypt was, of course, "small potatoes" in our eyes, so long as his suzerain was here. He was, however, hospitably enter- tained as one who has done good service to England, and is in a position to do more. Ho is a little dark stout gentleman, older and «maller than his lord the Sultan, hut with a more lively and activo expression of coun- tenance. Ho is better acquainted with Europe and with civilised manners, having been educated in France in his early youth, and having once before visited England, in the suite of his uncle, Said Pasha. As tho son of the famous Ibrahim-the greatest military genius which the Turkish raco has produced these 200 years-and the ruler of a great and famous country, the Pasha of Egypt is a potentate well worthy of Eng- lish welcome. We wero nearly making a mess of our hospitality, however, in his case, as it was arranged by the authorities that ho should be lodged at Claridgo's Hotel during his stay inLon -don, This was denounced very generally by the public voice as a very shabby arrange- ment, Why, it was asked, with » an abun- dance of palaces, could we not lodge tho Euler of Egypt in a place becoming his rank? What could be in worse manners .than to send our guest to an inn? It was no compli- ment to the richest man in the world-which the Pasha is-to tell him that wo would see that his hotel bill was paid. He would pro- bably reply, that he was able to pay his own bills. In tho eyes of an Eastern, to be received in a " khan" is a special indignity, for tho only inns which they have in the East aro common to all mon alike, the beggar and tho pasha. Fortunately, at the last moment, a public-spirited noblemau, the Earl of Dud- ley, came forward to the rescue of our na- tional character for hospitality hy offering his mansion in Park-lane for the Pasha's use. Thus this little difficulty, which mado a good deal of bad blood between the peoplo and the Sovereign, was satisfactorily arranged. While wo had the Sultan of Turkey and the Viceroy of Egypt on our hands, we hal also cruarteicd upon us a detachment of Belgian riflemen 2,500 strong. This was no small tax upon our hospitality, for your Belgian is an excellent trencher-man, and takes his liquor most kindly. Wo had expected about 1,000 Belgians, and had pro- vided for that number; but, at tho last moment, there arrived 2,500, including nearly the wholo Civic Guard of Brussels and of Antwerp, and, as we might guess, about a quarterof the entirestandingarmy of Belgium. This was a little too much, and John Bull for a brief while was in some perplexity. The occasion was enough to try even his hospit ablo temper. The host who has provided a neat little dinnci for six, and hears his butler announce that there are fifteen gents on the stairs, may be pardoned if he should lose for a moment his serenity of mind. Tho best manager in the world could hardly ie strain a feeling of anxiety as to the provision. 2,500 Belgians are about a quarter of tho whole army which ran away at Waterloo. They were excellent fellows, no doubt, but 2,600 !-it was felt to be beyond a joke. No wonder that there should have been some little hitch in the arrangements for thoir en- tertainment. The preparations which had been made were based on the supposi- tion that there would bo a thousand guests in all, but when the number rose to I,e00, then the next day to 2,000, and finally to 2,600, the Reception Cominittoc were rea- sonably in some despair. Of the private per- sons who had visited "The Belgians" gene- rally, it was hardly to bo supposed that they wero prepared to quarter and to feast a small anny. Tho first difficulty was about the transport of the Belgians. The largest ship in tho British navy-the Serapis-was dedi- cated to tho service, but sho was only built to carry a single regiment of British soldiers, with their wives and families. By dint of great exertions and much pinching, ? however, 1,800 Belgians were taken on board. Then commenced a scene of confusion and disorder, of which the full truth has boen judiciously suppressed in the English papers. By some blunder, the Bel- gians came on board without their command- ing officer, and they would acknowledge no one else as competent to give orders. The majority of the men, who were not volunteers at all, in an English sense, but rather militia, weieof a comparatively inferior social grade, and were not likely to be much restrained by feelings of delicacy on such an occasion. Thoir appetite for food was something enormous, and the probability that they had boon starving themselves f 3r a week before, in order to do justice to English fare, was highly nat- tering to tlio national character. At dinner, Jam informed by a member of tho English press who was on board, the scene was some- thing -beyond description. Les braves Beiges stormed the tables as though they had been the provision tents of the army. They fought and straggled for meat ; they sacked the tables ; they drenched themselves with beer and wine. They otc largely, and not prettily. One hungry Belgian was seen deliberately to bite a pieco out of a leg of mutton which he grasped in both hands. Alto- gether it wns an orgie of guzzling. Some notion of tho partiality of tho bravo fellows for flesh may ho estimated norn the fact that there had been 5,000 poundB of cooked meat prepared on board the Serapis, be- sides bread, vegetables, &c.; The whole had disappeared, but some 300 pounds, in tho course of the transit, which occupied some tv elvo hours. At what was called the officers' table, I am informed that the scene was scarcely more decorous. The rage for beer on the part of the Belgian officer must bo a kind of chronic disease, for there wero sixty dozen of ale consumed by 140 men, who then clamouicd for moro, and broke into tho private store of the gun-room officers to obtain it. Fiom the Serapis to the shore thero was anothei scene of confusion, owing principally to tho excessive number of our visitors. They disembarked at lost, aftor some irregular fashion, and invaded the streets. Here their welcome was on tho wholo very cordial, although tho Londoners aro not good at out-door pageants. As many Belgian ilags as could bo had woro displayed over the houses, and there was much cheering by tho multitude. The next day tho Belgians marched in procession to the Guildhall, and partook of the Lord Mayor's hos- pitality. With this, it is said, they wero greatly.disappointed, as indeed they might be, after the Serapis. Thero was neither food nor liquor enough, and thero wero aldermen present to share what there was. Thero was much hospitable speech-making, however, of tho usual kind ; and on tho whole, the city did its duty very fairly. For a week after that tho streets wero pervaded with Belgians-mostly stout, well-looking fellows, handsomely dressed, though not with much of a martial tenue. A big Belgian, six feet six inches high, who had on him a bear- skin shako about a yard long, tho tambour majeur of ono of tho regiments, was the object of much attention on tho patt of the London small boys. AB wo became used to our multitudinous guests we got on better with thora, and tho ?whole visit, which promised at ono time to be a fiasco, went off at last very satisfactorily. Tho ball at tho Agricultural-hall, at which there wero eight thousand peoplo present, was tho most successful thing of the kind ever known in London ; and tho Londoners were forced to confess that they could do some- thing in tho way of organising a festivity when tboy bad a mind. The Belgians went away highly pleased, as well they might,be, nnd full of their good fare. (I suppose next ¡ summer wo shall have the -whole of the Im ponai Guard of France hore. Why shoidd we not carry still further the practise of this useful hospitality? There islonly one impediment in the way of such a design, and that is, that the French Imperial Guard are likely to havo other engagements about that time. There can be no doubt whatever that the aspect of affairs on the Continent is justnow extremely serious. Those who have relied on the effect of tho late Imperial and Royal visitsrto Paris as as- surances of peace are likely to be disappointed. It wül probably appear, in the event, that these visits have only hastened a consum- mation which I have believed from the first was inevitable. The Emperor and his late guests are mutually disappointed with each other. Bismarck, who had come to try the effect of that personal diplomacy which once before at Compiègno he had found so successful, was thwarted in his purpose. The Emperor avoided, it is said, all opportunities of familiar inter- course ; so that matters between France and Prussia remain precisely where they did six months ago. It is true that the Luxemburg question is settled, but tho Luxemburg question never was the real cause of the dif- ference between Prussia and France; and, moreover, the very arrangement of that affair is to Prussia a source of new irritation, as she believes herself to have been jockeyed out of her claims by an illusory engagement. Tho joint guarantee of tho powers is dis- covered to bo a worthless security, inasmuch as it does not require any one of them to act without the co-operation of the others. The same jealousy which nearly led to an ex- plosion in the second week of April has revived both in Prussia and in France ; and 1 confidently believe that wo shaU seo tho marching of armies to the Rhino even before the Exhibition is closed. France, it is certain, has never intermitted her military preparations. She has been busily engaged in enlarging her army, in anning her soldiers with tho new Chassepot rifles, and in storing up material of war. The fact is hardly denied now by the of- ficial organs in Paris. The order seems to havo gone forth, in fact, that the press is to insult Prussia as much as possible. War is spoken of openly as a probable contingency. The Presse deliberately charges Count Bis- marck with meditating a partition of Austria, as "a preliminary to a partition of France." The Pays, which is a Government organ, says, "That Prussia is now preparing for war is an established fact." This language, it is rightly argued, can only be used to justify tho preparations which France herself is making. Within the last month, by a new ar- rangement of companies in tho battalions of French infantry, some ¿wenty-five thousand men wero quietly added to the army. The young men belonging to the reserve contin- gents of 18C4 and 1805 havo lately been drafted into the regiments and incorporated with the army-an extreme measure, as these are conscripts who have only had five months' training. The purchase 5f horses continues to be made on a large scale. The manufae tuie of the now rifles is being hurried on as quickly as possible. Besides "what the Impe- rial factories and the private contractors in France have in hand, a contract for 300,000 has been given to an Italian firm at Brescia. By the end of^October, I am told that three-fourths of the French army will have been provided with, and trained in, the Chassepot rifle. On the part of Prussia, tho war feeling is quite as great, though it is less openly mani- fested. The war preparations are less con- spicuous, because, in fact, they are not re- quired to be made. The Prussian army, since tho conclusion of the Austrian campaign, hasiremaincd in a state of perfect efficiency and fitness for active service. I fear it can- not bo doubted that the temper of the Prussians is such that thoy wiU not brook any further demands which may be mado upon Prussia by France, or submit to any dictation as to tho mode in which the Bismarck programme is to be car- ried out. The two immediate points of conflict between France and Prussia-either of which is sufficient, in the temper of thoso nations, to lead to a war-are, first- the re constitution of the German Customs Union upon a new basis, the effect of which is really to make one power of the whole German territory outside the dominion of Austria. This is in direct contravention of the Treaty of Prague, which fixes the Mayn as the southern frontier of the now Prussian king- dom. Secondly, there is the question of North Schleswig, which is still in abey- ance. By the treaty, Prussia is required to give up a portion of Schleswig to Denmark ; but she has not yet done so, and befoie doing so she requires a pledge from the Danish Government that the German residents in the district to bo transfened shall not be interfeied with in their lights of nationality. To which Den- mark has replied that abo has no pledges to give ; that all her subjects havo the same se- curity for their liberties ; that, inasmuch as she has not practised, nor is in the habit of practising, any tyranny over any class of her subjects, the Germans within her dominion require no greater guarantee for their rights than their fellow-citizens. This answer, how over, docs not suit Prussia, in her present exalted temper. Therefore she has refused to execute a portion of the Treaty of Prague. That mischief lurks in this re- fusal I think .there is much reason to appre- hend. By this morning's telegram in the Standard, I leam from Berlin that " tho French envoy has delivered to the Prussian Government a copy of a despatch, in which the Frenoh Government makes, in the inte- rest of Denn.aik, the North Schleswig ques- tion a subject of discussion." Hitherto, Prussia has denied to any power but Austria the right of interfering in the execution of the Treaty of Prague. It remains to be seen whether sho will persevere in this attitude against France. Among thoso in authority in England I have reason to know that there is a very decided opinion as to the prospect of a Continental war. The Emperor, it is said, will bo forced into war, os a means of recovering his lost prestige in the matter of Mexico, and to divert his people from the very marked dis- position which thoy are beginning to show to take a part in the management of their own affairs. The Mexican expedition has been a terrible blow to the Emperor's popularity. It has dissipated for over the popular opinion of his infallibility. It is just ono of those blun- ders which aro most galling to the pride of a Frenchman, and there is no doubt that tho wholo nation would back tho Emperor' in seeking for some vent to tho sore feeling ?which this mistako has loft behind. The tragical fate of Maximilian has filled the cup of the Emperor's humiliation. Noy;cr did the military pride of Franco recorvo so severe a buffet as this. The whole nation shares with tho Emperor tho disgrace of poor Maximilian's death, for if it was Napo- leon who tempted that unhappy Princo to the throne, it was the French people who insisted upon his being deserted when there, and who left him to perish thus miserably in the hands of barbarians. If I wero the ghost of Maximilian I should make it very unplea- sant for some of my brother emperors. In England, where thero is some ono fool enough or fanatic enough to take up every possiblo side of opinion, it will scarcoly surprise you to hear that Maximilian's death has been justified, and Bonito Juarez held up as a very ill-used person. Of course, it is the so-called "Liberal" party which comes forward now as the defenders of this cowardly and wanton assassination. Juarez was of " the Liberal party" himself-you will know what that means. Nana Sahib also was of the Liberal party, and Mr. Brondhead, and i the Bengal sepoys. Mr. Goldwin Smith, alead" ingmemher of tbelladicaldoctrinaire school, a mostbumptiousandconceitcdgeutleman.who is always too ready to cry the contrary of what the nation believes, has been writingnot only in excuse of Juarez, but of Broadhcad, and of one Beesley, another professor, who had been extenuating the Sheffield outrages. The Beesley doctrine, as propounded at a public meeting of London artisans, was this : that there were murders and murders ; but, after all, what Mr. Broadhcad did was not so atrocious; that he was no worse than Go- vernor Eyro ; that society had brought this upon itself by its injustice to the working men. Every journal of any weight or respect- ability in the country, horn The Times to thor Spectator, and from the Saturday Review to Fim, joined in reprobation of Professor Boes ley's speech, which, of course, was a reason why Mr. Goldwin Smith should defend it and make it his own. The Reform Bill has finally passed tho Commons, and is now before the Lords. Tho latter stages of the meosuro in the Lower House weic not marked by any passages of interest. The distribution scheme of the Government was adopted, with very little change, except that a third member was, at the last moment, conceded to Manchester, Liverpool, Birmingham, and Leeds. A second attempt at the introduction of the cumulative principle was defeated by a largo majority. The third reading of the bill was carried without a division, amidst general cheering, after a vicious speech from Robert Lowe and a very able one from Lord Cianbourne. Mr. Disraeli, in making his final reply, was bitterly scarcastie on Mr. Lowe, whom he charged with having perpetrated tho very crime which ho now laid upon the Govern- ment-of having, in 1860, held office under a Ministry which proposed a Refoim Bill with a reduction of the boiough suffrage. These taunts, however, of personal in- consistency begin to pall upon the public car. The fact is, no ono cares very much whether each particular Minister has retained his purity, in the general satis- faction of having arrived at a settlement of the reform question. It was not possible that this solution of the difficulty could have been arrived at without some breaking of ancient pledges, and some changes of principle. Every leading statesman in turn has changed -Mr. Gladstone quite as much as Mr. Dis- raeli- and no one has a right to reproach his neighbour. It having been admitted that we must have a Reform Bill, the Tories had quite as good a right to attempt tho task as any other party, seeing that the necessity aroso out of the laches of the Liberal party, who had tried four different times, and could not succeed in producing a Reform Bill. What the Lords may do with the bill it is difficult to guess. I believe myself that they will accept it almost as it is. There is no temptation to the Peers to repeat the part which they played in 1832. They must feel that they had better take this from a Con- servative Government than something worse fiom a Liberal one. There is no going back from household suffrage. Thero may bo an attempt to dislodge the lodgers, but I don't think it will succeed. .Lord Grey made a speech and proposed an amendment on the second reading, which was very characteristic of his lordship, being crotchctty, imprac- ticable, and incoherent. Lord Cairns, on behalf of the Government, made a powerful and eloquent íeply, and the amendment was stilled. Her Majesty continues in her disposition to wHhdraw herself from the sight of her ¡jubjects; and the comments upon tliis in general society are not of a pleasant kind. Since the excellent George theLast descended from earth, I do not think Royalty was ever more in disfavour than it is now. The scandals grow bolder and plainer every day. To-day, it is of a young Prince, who, with a beautiful wife stiicken down by sickness, is able to console himself with an opera singer behaving, in fact, not so much as the heir .of England, but as the Prince of Lucca. As for his Royal Mother. Her Majesty is said to bo engaged in building a new bouse for herself in the remoter Highlands, which is to be seven miles away from the nearest human habitation-a queer fancy for one who has the range of many palaces. Lord Belmoie is to be the new Governor ef New South Wales, who is not to embaik for Barataria until the close of the session. He is an amiable and modest young nobleman, who ought to be an acquisition to an Aus- tralian colony. There is not much doing just now in the world of literature. The publishing season has been singularly barren. Theiearcncw poems by Miss Ingelow and Mr. Robert Morris, who have both added to their already respectable reputations. Miss Braddon has written a new novel, and Mr. Trollope has completed another. Lieutenant Iloziei's ad mhablo letters norn tho Prussian army dur- ing the late war have been reprinted, and will be found highly interesting. Sir Samuel Baker is about to publish a new book of African travel. The first volume of the Life and Correspondence of Prince Albert is to bo issued very shortly, by command of nor Majesty, and under the editorship of General Sir Charles Grey. Mr. Lewes's new edition of the Biography of Philo- sophy is also announced ; and I hear that George Eliot has another novel on the stocks. There are to ho several new magazines, one The Broadway, to be a combination of British and American talent ; and another, Tinskys', to be edited by Mr. Edmund Yates. I don't know who reads all the magazines. The Fortnightly, which has been lately coming out once a month, is dying of inanition-of too much Comtism and Doe trinoirism. OUR CONTINENTAL LETTEB. (FROM OUR OWN COllRESrONDENT.) PARIS, JULY 27. All uncertainty is at length removed as to tho fate of Maximilian. Tho unfortunate monarch suffered death at the hands of his enemies on tho 19th of Juno, at Qucretaro. His tragic end, the particulars of which aro still imperfectly known to us, has produced throughout all Europe, and moro especially in France, the most deep-felt emotion. On hearing the fatal news, Napoleon the Third is said to havo immediately despatched to the Emperor of Austria tho following tele- gram : " I sincerely condole with your Majesty on the death of tho Empoior Maximilian for it is but too probable that the melancholy tidings will bo confirmed. My grief is tho moie bitter, and my sympathy the more sin core, as I, myself, was the cause of your brother's departure for Mexico, and must take upon myself the responsibility of what has befallen. " But God is my witness that I did all in good faith, and that my only desire was to establish in Mexico a Government destiuod to live, and maintain in the New World tho influence and civilisation of our ancient Europe, whose interests I deemed it impos- sible to confido to worthier hands than thoso of the Emperor Maximilian." And a few days later, the Moniteur pub- lished on the death of 'Maximilian an article of most singular vivacity, supposed to pro- ceed directly fiom the Emperor's private cabinet, and which, in all likelihood, will produco a strong effect on the other sido of the Atlantic. After having stigmatised the crime committed on the sacred person of tho Emperor, tho official paper concludes as follows :-"But the chastisement will not be long coming, and Mexico will only be too happy to bo blotted out'from among tho number of independent nations, and ab- sorbed by its powerful neighbours." Should the United States have one day or other the, wish to annex Mexico, and we may be sure they will have it, they aro now duly apprised that their desire will moot with no opposi- tion at our hands. But, then, why the useless sacrifice of tho blood of our soldiers, and the money of the nation? (Mr. Thiers, but a few days since, speaking in tho Legislative Assem- bly, valued the cost at six hundred mil- lion francs, and Government owns to three hundred minion francs.) We had only to allow free scope to Mexican anarchy, that never-ciushed hydra, which since 1821-tho year in which the independence of Mexico was recognised-that is to say in a space of about forty-six years, has devoured thirty five emperors, generalissimos, dictators, or presidents. Juarez once more holds the power in his hands ; how long is ho des- tined to keep it ; and will not the vo viclis, so rigoiously , applied by the chief of the republic, fall back upon his own head? There are already mmours of an American expedition, sent out by the Government of Washington, and commissioned to call tho President to account for the insult offered to the Ung of the United States by the death of Santa Anna, forcibly snatched from under the protection of.that flag ; and may not this be the beginning of the end ? There can be no doubt, nor have 1 evor disguised, it from your readers, that the Mexican expedition has never been popular in France. At the very outset, publie opinion was nowise favourable to Maximilian, and when his first troubles began people wero far more inclined to blame than to pity him. But in these latter times a change, as sudden as it was justifiable, had taken place in the public feeling towards him ; ana when, for- saken by France, he refused to desert in the like manner those who had confided in bim, and voluntarily Hung away his life (for it is now well averred that ho had resolved to die), instead of availing himself of the means of safety which wero offered to him, his chivalrous spirit and unswerving good faith rallied around him the sympathies of all men, and thence the deep-felt and universal emotion caused by his violent end. To this must be added the anxiety wo feel for those of our countrymen who have remained in Mexico. A rumour has prevailed-and Lord Stanley has repeated it in the English .Parlia- ment-that M. Dano, our îepresentativo at Mexico, and several peoplo of note in- tho F'rench colony, have been arrested by order of Juarez, with a view to detain them as hostages until such time as General Almonte (tlio primary cause of this unlucky expedition), together with other lenders of the Imperialist party, now in France, shall have been de- livered up into his hands. True it ig that the French Government has since beeA informed of M, Dono'8 having safely embarked for Europe ; but what is to become of the fivo or six thousand French residents in Mexico and in Vera Cruz in the midst of the effervescence of popular passion ? And these gloomy fore- bodings throw a deeper shadow over the pub- lic affliction. It would appear, at all events, that pro- phetic warnings have not been wanting to the unfortunate Emperor. A correspondence from Trieste, inserted in a Madrid newspaper, relates that in 1S04, at the time when Maxi- milian, yielded to the entreaties of deputations which did not really represent tho public opinion in Mexico, the following verses circu- lated about the city : " Mussimiliano, Non ti fidaro. Torna al costello Di Miramnrc ! Quel trono fracldo Di Montezuma E' nappo Galileo Colmo di spuma. II timco Dañaos Chi non ricordu? Sotto la clamtdo Trova la corda." "Beware, Maximilian-beware ; return to the castle of Miramar ! The rotten throne of Montezuma is like a Gallic goblet, over- flowing with froth. Who docs not remember the timeo Dañaos will find the halter be- neath tho purple," The mott contradictory rumours are spread abroad concerning the health of the Empress Charlotte. A lady residing at Versailles, Madame de Bové, who held the post of governess to the princess before her marriage, and has maintained a correspondence with her ever since, has lately received a letter from the august patient, written in the most pleasing style ; nor is it possible to suspect from its perusal, that the writer is deprived of . her reason, In this letter the Empress, who has ever shown great taste for writing, and has even gained thereby the reputa- tion of being a bit of a bas-bleu, gives a most interesting description of her residence and the surrounding scenery, hut does not make the most distant allusion to her actunl situation, nor to the circum- stances of her return to Europe. However, the idea that she has been poisoned, and that her enemies will renew the attempt, never forsakes her, and in this respect the physicians have but slight hope of effecting a cure. Among the public strange rumours con- tinue to circulate. I do not allude to those which seek to explain the causes of the princess's insanity-they aro probably to be ascribed to the desire, natural to us all, to discover tho reason of what is unknown to us ; but only a few days ago people spoke mysteriously of a waiting woman of the princess who had been found poisoned, of certain state papers and a will which had disappeared from a closet in which they bad been deposited. And, in truth, a íeport has long since obtained credence, that Maximilian, on taking lcavo of his wife on her departuie for Kurope, had delivered to her letters and other documents which alone can inform posterity when and how he was induced to accept the crown of Mexico. As to what has become of thoso papers¡ sup-, posing them really to exist, opinions are divided, or, rather, nobody knows, some people affirm that they are in the pos- session of the Emperor of Austria, the brother of Maximilian ; others in that of Queen Victoria. It would appear on the other hand that no will has been made, so that should the Princess Charlotte not recover her rea- son and die intestate, the whole of her per- sonal fortune, amounting to more than twenty million francs, will naturally return to the Royal familyiof Belgium, the Princess being, as you are aware, daughter to the lato King Leopold I., and sister to Leopold II., King of the Belgians ; whereas the inheri- tance of her unfortunate husband, according to the organic statutes of thcllouse of Austria, will devolve to his ascendants the Archduke Francis Charles and the Archduchess Sophia, and in their default to the agnates, his brothers. It is nowreported that the Empress Charlotte is about to leave Miramar and ícside with her family in Belgium. In Europe the aspect of affairs remains the same. The* different monarchs, one after another, leave their states to come to Paris to visit the Exhibition, a strong proof that they are on excellent terms with their sub- jects and their neighbours, and have no fear either of revolutions at home or of war abroad. Yet I would hardly advise Her Spanish Majesty to make a long stay in Paris, should she take it into hor bead to como hither, or she might run some risk of finding on her return her throne occupied by another ; for the public discontent increases so rapidly on the other side of the Pyrenees, and so great is the dis ciedit into which the Queen and her Go- vernment have fallen, that a revolution at Madrid, supported by the whole Liberal party, is of ah events the most likely to happen ; the ícsult being the downfall of the present dynasty, and tho substituting of a now monarchy under the Duke of Montpcnsier, son of| ICing Louis Phillipe, and brother-in law to the Queen of Spain, or some other prince proposed by the Empcior Napoleon to the suffrage of the nation. At Romo and in all Italy tho public atten- tion is beginning to centre on the projects of thoparty of action. Several attempts of in- vasion havo already been made, and have only failed through the activity and watch- fulness of tho Italian troops. But will this vigilance be always equally effectual? A rumour has gained ground these last few days that Mazzini isln Italy, concerting mea- sures with Garibaldi and the Roman national junto, which has superseded tho two former committees, in the direction of the revolu- tionary matters. There can bo no doubt that the Government of Victor Emmanuel will faithfully observe the treaty of September: indeed, SignorfRatazzi has explicitly declarad this intention at the Italian tribune. But should a movement bréale out at Romo, and the Romans themselves, rejecting the Pope's temporal sway, should pronounce their annex- ation to the kingdom of Italy, or proclaim a Republic under Mazzini, what would bo the event? It would appear that the Holy Seo is in anxiouB consideration of such a contin- gency, and has addressed a noto to the Catho- lic powers (Frunce, Austria, Spain, Portugal), to claim their armed support. But such armed! support in our days seems no easy matter to organise. This anxiety has, however, in noway les- sened the splendour with which the eighteen . . !' I hundredth anniversary of the martyrdom of St. Peter and St. Paul has been celebrated in the Eternal City. The fêtes, which had drawn to Romo moro than four hundred bishops from the four quarters of the world, with a more than usual concourso of tourists and sight-seers, wero prolonged till tho 8th of July. The Pope has availed himself of the circumstanco to announce tho convocation of an Ocumcnical Council, with a view to find some remedy for the evils with which the Church is afflicted. An (Ecume- nical Council, as you well know, is an assembly of all the bishops of the Catholic Church, and is, so to say, the great tribunal of Catholicity, in winch alone resides that infallibility which' certain zealous partisans would fain attribute to the person of the Sovereign Pontiff. The last Ocumcnical Council was held at Trente (1545-1563),'nt tho time of tho great schism produced by the Refoimation. The date fixed for the meet-.! ing of the ono now proposed is the 8th of De- cember, 1808 ; but what certainty is tbore that the temporal power of the Pope will still exist at thit time ? In France, the Parliamentary session is closed, the last sittings having been moro stormy than usual. The most eminent oratois of the Opposition, M. Thiers, M. Berryer, M. Jules Favre, have, at different E oints of view, and each in tho measure of is personal character, attacked the conduct of the Government in the Mexican expedi- tion. The two former discussed the question with that authority of speech due to the ex- perience in state affairs of the one, and to tho learning of tho jurisconsult in the other. M. Jules Favre spoke with all thefire of a tribune, with singular passion and vehemence. "You have compromised the finances of France," ho exclaimed, addressing himself to the Minis- ters, "yo:* bnvc spilt tho blood of her chil- dren liko vater, you are unworthy of the con- fidence of France, and in a free country you would have XÍCCYL impeached before the House." Now, according to our constitution, the Emperor alone is responsible boforo tho nation. Tbe rccruisitory of the eloquent orator of tho Left passed, therefore, over tho heads of the Ministers, nuning straight at the Emperor himself. The majority, a moment shaken by the speech of M. Thiers, but alaimcd at the audacity of M, Favre, listened favourably to the Government orator, who availed himself of the violence of his anta- gonist to make one of those replies in which eloquence stands in lieu of argument, and eventually carried tho day. This new triumph has strengthened the position of M. llouher, which was said to be Bhakcn, and has obtained for him from tho Emperor the star in diamonds of the Legion of Honour, together with an autograph letter of compli- ment and thanks. The lumours of a change in the Ministry died away at the same time, as also the hope of a change in the Imperial policy, by its inclining to liberal measures. Tho distribution of recompenses awarded by the International Jury of the Exhibition took place on the day appointed. I leave to my colleague, specially delegated by you, the task of giving you an account of this truly splendid ceremony. Tho Exhibition has now accomplished half the period assigned to its duration, and the Imperial commission has reduced to 40f. the price of the subscription tickets for the remainder of the season, and that from the 24th of the current month. Our visitors from abroad will do well to hasten their coining, but they must not hope to visit the Exhibition in detail, nor would they, sooth to say, have been able so to do even hod they been at Paris ever since the day of its opening. Allow me to offer you the mathematical proof of my assertion. There are 45,000 exhibitors. Allowing five minutes for the examination of the articles exhibited by each of these, we arrive at a total of ¡¿25,000 minutes, or 3,750 hours, or 150 days and six hours, making in all fivo months six days and six hours, íeckoning twenty- fourhoursaday. Buttheinteriorof the edifice is visible only from ten in the forenoon tiU six in the evening, which brings down the days from twenty-four hours to eight. The time reauired for the examination of all the artic! -xposed, the park not included, vor" ' be fifteen mouths, twenty days, an<? /ure. /. ... to bo expected, the Exhibition has dra».n over fiom the otherside of the Channel a.cer^oin number of pickpockets, who vie with ours in dexterity, but, however, without carrying off the palm, as the following story will sufficiently show.' There was a gratulefeté and a great gathering at Calajs, and special trains ami excursion boats had brought in from ,both sides of the Channel largo numbers of excursionists, amongst whom a prëtty sprinkling of pickpockets from the 'rivpl capitals. No less than fifty five gold or silver watches had changed owneis. In the evening St. Nicholas'clerks, viz., tho pickpockets, met together at tho tavern. As j ou may supposo the drink- ing was brisk, healths had been drunk, and the French had owned their defeat, for the English thieves had produced forty-five watches to ten filched by the French. No matter, tho latter do not begrudge tho success of their rivals ¡ _ and wishing to do honour to their foieign visitors, they propose a bowl of punch. At one in the morningthe English champions were snoozing under the table, and the French were bowling along by rail towards Paris with the forty- five watches in their pockets. But to return to more serious matters, Among tho useful measures to which the Exhibition of '07 has given rise must be reckoned the adoption of a uniform model for the larious coins in circulation among the different civilised states of the globe, as it has been decided " as a principle?'by tlu International Monetary Conference, sittins at Paris under the presidency of Prince Napoleon. Unanimity was no easy matter, each nation having brought to the confer once the firm desire to alter or set aside ai little as possible its current coin. How ever, England has at length consented te saerificeherpound sterling, Austria her ducat Spain her doubloons, and the United State! their dollar. In her turn, Fiance has giver up_ her gold twenty- fianc piece, which weighing G grammes 451 milligrammes, doe; not obey the rules of tho metrical system and the conference has proposed nem con the adoption of a piece of gold equal in valui to 25 francs of our money. The lords of the nations continue to pas befoie our eyes. First, the Sultan, whom '. introduced last month to your readers, auc whose arrival at Paris almost coincided witl the tidings of the death of Maximilian. Thi coincidence has caused the putting off of al tho fé(es which the court and the town pro posed to offer to our newly-arrived visitoi Thence a certain coolness in the reception The population, on the other hand, has als met with some disappointment. Sovereigns like other great men, in order to be seen t their advantage, require a certain perspective If there really exists a country whose mer name awakens in our mind a woild o enchantments and ceaseless wonder it wa " the land of the East." Wo have seen tin East, we have contemplated it in the person o its most illustrious representative, the sublim Padishah, the descendant of the Prophet, th shadowof Allah upon earth. Whatadeception A led cap, a black surtout, buttoned closel up, and a big belly. At the ceremony of th distribution of rewards, ho was evidently em barrassed and at a loss what lo do with hi bands. "If ho had only had the idea t adorn his.fez with his 'egret of diamonds, said a lady behind mc-tho famous egre which is valued at ten millions ! Another re gretted thathe had not brought hisharem witl him ; what is a Sultan without his harem In England, where one Cockney is equal t< twelve badauds, the Sultan's arrival has pre duced quite another sensation than at Paris Abdul Azziz has been during the wholo wee! the great attraction of London, whicb he onl; quitted last Tuesday, returning to his owi dominions, «ia Germany and the Danube meeting the King of Prussia at Coblentz, ani making a short stay at Vienna, whither th Empress Elizabeth will return from Isch expressly to receive bim. In the London political circles great im portanco is attached to this journey of tin Sultan, as though it weie destined to con solidatc forever the Ottoman empire, withou which, it is said, the equilibrium of Europe would no longer exist. And yet it was ai English statesman-Loid Palmerston-win said to Lord Normanby, inl847, "Two thing aie invariably doomed to bo swallowed, fresl oysters and the Turkish Empii o. " About tin same time, too, M. de Mctternich comparée Italy to an artichoke, to bo eaten leaf bi leaf ; and to-dny Italy forms a whole, whils" Austria is falling to pieces. A statesman'i tajing is not Gospel truth. After the Sultan we have soon pass before our gaze some dozen other crowned heads the King of Wurtemberg, the Queen oi Prussia, the Grand Duke of Saxe-Wiemar the Prince of Montenegro, tho Princess ol Oldenburg, tho King and Queen of Portu cal, King Lowis of Bavaria, for whom, a; he travelled incognito, thero was no officia rcpeption. Tho same ceromony observed at the reception of the Czar of Russia and the King of Prussia, was used towards their Por- tuguese Majesties. But the Parisian Tiolongoi takes any interest in the sight, and scarcely deigns to open his window to seo them go by. The King of Sweden is at Viehy, where lit intends to spend the bathing season; ni .| iii the expiration of -which Iib Majesty will come to Paris, where the Emperor and Empress of Austria are expected towards the end of the ensuing month, at the expiration of the mourning occasioned by,the death of the Emperor Maximilian. Great political interests seem to be con- nected with this last visit, tho more especially on account of the circumstances in which it takes place. According to a rumour which is gaining ground, it is proposed to form a dose aUianco between Austria, Italy, and France, in order to cope with the Russo-Prussian alliance, which is already looked upon ns existing in fact, though not yet made public. > An aUianco with Russia had first been inclined to, but the journey to Paris, instead of drawing Russia closer to ns, bus, on tho contrary, throw her into Un- arms of Prussia, and a recent event has in- creased this hostile disposition. I spoke to you last month of the attack aimed at His Majesty of all the Russias during his stay in Paris, by a fanatic young Pole, named Bere zowski. Well, Berezowski has been tried at the last assizes of the department of the Seine, and found guilty, but with the admis frion of extenuating circumstances, and has thus escaped capital punishment. The verdict is in perfect conformity with public opinion in France. An attempt to murder a fo- reign princo in the midst of a public fute, our visitor, had provoked general indignation ; but the criminal wa3 only twenty years of age ; his fife and morals were blameless ; a patriotic though mistaken feel- ing-an ungovernable desire to avenge his slaughtered countrymen-hod alone urged him to the deed. The jury weighed the facts, hearkening solely to the voice of their con- science, and in the plenitude of their sovereignty, without the slightest idea of nllowing tho crime to go unpunished, they determined the proportion which seemed to them equitable between the crime and the letribution. This, I repeat, was perfectly in accordance with the situation, and the decision of tho jury was received with loud cheeis, which tho president of tho court had some trouble to repress. But in Russia, vhere the public opinion is but little conversant with the mechanism of liberal institutions, the verdict has excited gieat irritation towards France ; nor is itun natural that Prussia should have endeavoured to turn that irritation to her advantage. In Prussiu, as in France, a war between the two countries is considered as unavoidable, and both parties are looking out for allies. Will Paris, Vienna] and Florence succeed in com- ing to an understanding, as Uerlin and St, Petersburg aio said to have done? It is hoped so here, where the sympathy of England is equally relied on. Denmark, also, is to bo dragged into the quarrel, for that nation, as well OB Austria, has to be revenged on Prussia, What has given greater consistency to these opinions is the eagerness with which tho Empress has accepted the Queen of England's invitation to spend a few days with her at Osborne. It is w eU known that the Empress has lately taken a great share in the politics of Franco, and an opinion prevails that ner Majesty's visit to the Isle of Wight is not occasioned by the mere wish to exchango a shake of the hands with her august neighbour, The Emperor nccompnnied the Empress as far as Havre, whero they were received by Prince Napoleon, who, after attending Her Majesty to England, intends to make a journey to Copenhagen. The Empress returned yesterday to Paris, which she will shortly leave for Biarritz, there to be joined by the Emperor after liis season at Plombières. Tho Prince Imperial is taking the vaters in the Pyrenees, where he has been for the last fortnight. Of other news I have none to teU but tho departure of Lord Cowley, who has repre- sented England ever since 1°J2. His succes- sor is Lord Lyons, late ambassador af Con- stantinople. I must not forget to mention the premature death of one of our most eminent dramatic poets, M. Ponsard, the author of Galilée, a play which, as I wrote to you, was performed last winter at the Théâtre Français, and with remarkable success. Ponsard was a member of the Académie Française, and a great friend of the Em- peror. THE EXECUTION OJ MAXI- MILIAN. FURTHER PARTICULARS. (moll THE HOME NKWS.) JUOTCZ, tho chief of the Mexican ' republic, caused the Emperor Maximilian fco bo shot on June 10, and after the execution ho ro fused to sunender the body. A most pro- found sensation has been created throughout Europe by this event, especially as the Em- peror was the victim of treachery of one Lopez, to whom he had been a great benefac- tor, and also on account of the loss of reason ?which his sufferings bave caused to his Em- press, who is a sister of the King of the Bel- gians, and first cousin by marriago to Queen Victoria. In Paris the rfview and fûtes in honour of the visit of tb ^ultaii were coun- termanded. Following chis example, the review of troops in Hyde-park hy the Queen, announced for July 5, was postponed and abandoned. A state ball was also post- poned. In addition to an announcement made of the execution by the Moniteur of July 3, the official organ of the French Government h.is made two other references to the subject, each of which will show the strong feelings created by tho event in the mind of the Em- peror Napoleon. One was on July 5, as follows : " The news which had been in circulation for the last few days, and which had aroused profound indignation in every heart, has officially arrived from America. The Em- peror Maximilian was shot on the 19th of June, by older of Juarez, by the wretches (les miserable))) into whoso hands he had fallen. This unfortunate prince, who tour years ago was recognised as the legitimate Sovereign of Mexico by ah the powers of Europe, did not wish to leave that country after the departure of the Fiench army. Not- withstanding the peril of the undertaking, ho felt bound in honour to malee a final effort to save thoso who had attached them- selves to his person and devoted them- selves to his cause. Couiageously placing himself at the head of his partisans, he had assembled a somewhat large army. Ile found himself at Queietaro in a position almost impregnable;, even in caso of defeat, ho could fall back with his troops by tho mountains towards the sea. Hut he did not count upon treason. A mau of tho name of Lopez, who bad succeeded in gaining his con- fidence, odiously betrayed the Emperorduring his sleep for a sum of money. Tho assassina- tion of the Emperor Maximilian will arouso a universal sentiment of horror. This in- famous act, ordered by Juarez, imprints an indelible stain upon the brow of the men who call themselves the representatives of the Mexican republic ; the reprobation of every civilised nation will bo the first punish- ment of a Government which has such a ruler at its head." The expression "the first punishment" has naturally attracted much notico. The othor was on July 7, as foUows : " For fifty years Mexico had been a prey to the most horriblo anarchy, acts of pillage, and civil war. He who wished to consecrate his efforts to pacifying the country, filling up the abyss of revolutions, restoring order, and endeavouring to render happy a country so favoured by Heaven-this monarch, betrayed by one 'of his subjects, whom he had loaded with benefits, has fallen under the bullets of assassins. The Emperor had been two months and a half at Queretaro, at the head of 8,000 men, commanded by Generals Miramon, Mejia, Méndez, Castillo, Arellano, the Princo do Salm (chief of the Imperial staff), " and several European officers. On the very night that it had been seen that tho town was no longer tenable, and that it was decided to attempt by a vigorous sortie to break through the lines of the dissident leaders Corono and Escobedo, and retire either to the city of Mexico, or towards the Gulf, a man (we doro not say a colonel) to whom was entrusted the guard of the fortified convent of Santa Cruz, which commands the whole position-tho man Lopez, for 3,000 ounces of gold, gave a silent passage to the enemy, and himself pointed out to them tho person of tho Emperor, surprised in the middle of his sleep. In vain did General Miramon attempt to resist ; ho fell grievously wounded, and tho Imperial army, surrounded unawares by superior foi ces, was obliged to capitúlate. We shall know m a few days by what show of judicial forms the murder of the Emperor Maximilian-accomplished by Juarez's orders \- was preceded. The Emperor Ferdinand Maximilian, second brother of Francis Joseph, Emperor of Austria, was born at Schoenbrunn on July 0, 1832, and married, July 27,1857, the Princess Charlotte, daughter of King Leopold, then hardly seventeen years old, and whose double misfortune now^sxeites the sympathy of all hearts. On two occasions the archduke was 'the guest of France-in 18EG and'in 1864-and. every one was enabled to appreciate his chivalrous character, bia solid and varied attainments, and his precious personal qualities. After longland 'difficult negotiations, skilfully directed by tho valiant and lamented M. GutierrezdoEstrada the prince, on tho 10th April, 1864, accepted^ ?with the assent of his august brother, the crown which had been offeied him on the 3rd. October, 1803, at the castle of Miramar, by the commission despatched to him by tho Assembly of Notables who met at Mexico, nnd who brought him the .result of the votó of the Mexican population. A few days after wards the Emperor and tho Empress Char- lotte left Tnesto on board the Austrian frigate Novara. They landed at Vera Cruz on the 24th of May, and made their entry into their capital on the 12th of June, 1SG4, amid unanimous acclamations. During the space of three years the Emperor Maximilian did not cease to occupy himself with the icorganisation of his empire, and by means of numerous journeys through the country he had acquired an exact acquaint- ance with the wants of the provinces, anil these wants his Government neglected no means to satisfy. On the Cth February last the Emperor placed himself at the head of his aimy, and left Mexico to encounter tho Juarists, who were in the northern provinces. It is there that the crime was consummated. Its punishment cannot, doubtless, be long delayed, and Mexico would be but too happy if she should disappear from tbe number of independent nations, and find herself ab- sorbed by powerful neighbours, But the hour , is not'yet come, ner history since 1810 ex- plains her present state and her future." No official details of the capture have been published; but a letter, dated Quoretaro, May 20, shows how the Emperor was betrayed : "The principal defence of this town con- sists in the vast convent of La Cruz, situated' at the south and on the sido of the city of' Mexico. This building, a relic of the splen- dours of the Spanish domination, is con- structed of stone and adobe (bricks hardened hythe sun). Theconvent covers, with ilsdepcn dencies, more than ten acres of giound, and forms a citadel on which siego artillery only could make any impression. Such, fivo days ago, was the pnncipal position of Maximilian. Immediately opposite, in tho Corretas moun- tains, the Mexican general, Escobedo, was. established, and his advanced guard occupied the valley which separates La Cruz from tho Corretas. In tho night of May 14 there was a council of war in the town. ïhe Imperialist aimy had exhausted all its supplies, and was likely to be soon reduced to the last extre- mities. As flour was wanting tho Inten- dance every day caused to bo slaughtered a certain number of horses and mules, which there was no means of feeding, from want of provender. Even thiB resource threatened to fail beforo long ; and for that reason Maximilian resolved on attempting a vigorous sortie, and opening for himself a passago through the enemy's lines. At eleven o'clock the troops were under arms, and the artillery in position; everything was ready for the attack. But at the last moment, in con- sequence of the slow movements of his generals, the Emperor found himself obliged to countermand the expedition, Already at that moment the aimy had been sold to tho enemy. The fort of La Cruz was to havo been occupied an hour later by tho troops o£ the Liberals. It was notorious that there were a considerable number of persons in tho ranks of the Imperialists disposed to give up the town'; but who would ever have suspected» the colonel of the Tegiment of the Empress, the keeper of the key of Queretaro, the com- mander of the fort of La Cruz, Miguel Lopez himself ? no was the man who, in the even- ing of the 14th, sent to Escobedo a letter, in which he offered to betray his companions in arms for 3,000 ounces of gold (48,000 dollars). Escobedo naturally did what any other gene- ral would have done in his place-he accepted' the proposal. Towards midnight the ad- vanced guard of the Liberals, protected by the darkness, left the camp and arrived with- out noise before the convent. Colonel Lopez ordering his soldiers to ground their arms, opened the gates to the enemy. From that moment the Emperor Maximilian, who was sleeping tranquilly in another part of tho building, was irretrievably lost. At the first gleam of the morning the archduke was on. foot, and immediately perceived that somo extraordinary event had taken place. Rousing up tho Prince of Salm-Salm, his aide-de-camp, Maximilian directed his steps towards the outer enclosure of the con- vent ; but had scarcely advanced a few paces when he was surrounded by a detachment of soldiers commanded by Colonel Rincon Gal- lardo. Lopez himself accompanied the de- tachment, and pointed out the Emperor toi the troops, crying out "That is the man seize bim. A curious incident then occurred Colonel Gallardo, a brave soldier who did not; teem greatly to rcliBh the treachery of Lopez, stepped up to Maximilian and said to himv "You are a private person and not asoldier; we have nothing to say to you, go about your business." With these words lie pushed His. Majesty outside the convent. Five minutes later I met Maximilian, who seemed not to. have yet recovered from his surprise. Ile was walking as fast as possible towaids Cerro do la Campana, at the other extremity of the town. This position is a fortified hill com- manding the northern part of the place. On his arrival there he was joined by Generals Mejia, Castillo, and Avellano, the Prince de Salm-Salm, and several others of Ins officers ; but it soon became evident that any re- sistance was impossible. Four battalions of infantry and all the Liberal cavalry were surrounding the Cerro. The «bite flag was then hoisted, and tho archduke with all his staff surrendered lo General Coi ona. The prisoners were allowed to retain their horses, arms, and per- sonal effects; and a few hours later they/ were conducted to the convent of La Cruz-" The trial, which commenced on 29th May, was a mockery : "It was conducted with closed doors-tho condemnation of all the accused was a fore- gone" conclusion. The Emperor and all his. general officers were tried together. A list of moie than fifty accusations was drawn up against tho accused. The judge-advocate,_ commencing with the Emperor, asked each or the prisoners whether ho was guilty of the first accusation on this list. If tho reply was. in the affirmative, it was so lccorded ; if the charge was denied, each member of the come was permitted to become a witness, and state what he knew or pretended to know of it» Thus these officers acted the part of judge,, jury, and witness. The trial closed on June 3\. The prisoners were removed, the court deliberated for a few hours, and then took a vote. AU of the accused wero found guilty of aU the charges. They weio brought into, court, informed of the decision, and asked if " they had aught to say why sentonce should* not be pronounced upon them. Withgreat, dignity and firmness the emperor, again re- peated his protest against tho legality of tho . court, and handed to the judge-advocate av written copy of the same, which ho demanded should be sent to Juarez. The officers received, the announcement of their fate with» con- temptuous composure. One or two of thera¡ however, bitterly denounced and ridiculed the manner in which they had been tried, and were-, silenced by the Court. They wore then alll sentenced to he shot. The court-martial con- sisted of obscuro and unknown officers, somo of whom were only of the rank of colonel. Escobedo was the only well-known officer who was a member of the court. Painful stories arc told of the brutality with which the proceedings were conducted. Escobedo, it is said, lost no opportunity of insulting and outraging the prisoners. It is oven said that this brute, in reply to a remonstrance ad- dressed to him by the Emperor, inflicted on the latter the indignity of a blow with his fist. When Escobedo was a prisoner in tho" hands of tho Imperialists, two years ago, General Mejia had defended him. saved his life, and obtained his release.' Remembering; this, Mejia now said that ho would request General Escobedo to defend him. With brutal profanity Escobedo refused, and added that he hoped to seo his benefactor shot." The Colonel Lopez who sold Maximilianr at Queretaro for a sum of monoy, had been decorated by Marshal Bazaine with tho Legion of Honour for services rendered to the French cause. The Grand Chancellor of the Order has been instructed to strike out the name of the traitor from the roll of members. THE LAST MOMENTS OF MAXIMILIAN. Maximilian declined to avail himself of the . assistance of an advocate, whilst Mejia and Miramon chose one to defend them con- jointly. The condemnation was returned on <. the morning of the 18tb. Tho President, it is affirmed, was inclined to clemency; but Romero overcamo that disposition, and ob- tained tho order for execution, notwithstand- ing the plea that only a small majority hod' affirmea the sentence. As soon as Geiieial» Corona was put in possession of tho necessary document the three prisoners wero informed .of it They manifested no surprise. Maxi- milian simply requested that they might bo left together until the last moment, which was acco. ded. The night was passed in quiet conversation, and the condemned men con- fessed. Miramon was suffering greatly from a wound in his eye. Mejia fell hito a deep sleep.'' Maximilian asked for paper and pens, which, in the' middle of tho night, were found with ikomo'difficulty. Hewroto two letters-ono in German, addressed to his mother,, tho Archduchess Sophia, and the other tous" wife." JIIe'confided them to tho biilaop; begging bim to have them forwarded.. He added a lock of his hair, which tho wife of one of tlie guards came and cut off for jjirn, Ho kissed it, folded.it together, and slipped it into the, envelope, which was al- ready sealed. Towards four in the morning the Emperor desired to hear mass, which was said by the bishop. Mcjia was roused up, juid all three communicated. After mass Maximilian appears to have remained for a long time kneeling on the hard stones with his head bent, and his hands over his oyes, iliranion was pale and downcast ; Mcjia was ladiant-for he is an Indian, and it was glorious for him to die along with his master, as he declared. At seven o clock the notes of a militai y band woio heard, and Captain Gonzales entered tho chapel with bandages to blindfold the prisoners. Miramon sub- mitted to the operation quietly. Mojia re- fused, and, as the captain was about to use force, the bishop whispered a few words to the general, who then acquiesced. But the Empeior, coming forward, declared that as to himself he would not he blindfolded. The procession then moved forward, followod by tho band playing a funeral march. When it reached the principal gate of the hospital, Mcjia said aloud, "Sirç, give to us for the last time the example of your noble courage ; ive follow your Majesty." The Franciscan friars now appeared, the two in front bearing the cross and* holy water, the othors holding tapers, Eadi of the three coffins intended for tho doomed men was carried by a group .of four Indians ; three black crosses to be, fixed where each prisoner knelt for execution .wcro borne last. Captain Gonzales then made a sign to Maximilian to movo forward. 'Tho Emperor advanced courageously, saying to the two generals, " Vamos nos à la libertad! , "Tlie pi occasion slowly ascended the street leading to the cemcteiy. The Emperor walked first, having the Abbó Fischer on his right, and the bishop on his left. Imme- diately behind came Miramon, supported on -each side by Franciscans, and Mejia between two priests. When the procession reached tho summit of the hill, Maximilian looked steadily at the rising sun; then, taking out his watch, he pressed a spring which con- cealed o portrait, in miniature, of tho Ein pit'Sb Charlotte. He kissed it, and, handing the chain to the Abbó Fischer, said,-" Carry this souvenir to Europe to my dear wife, and if sho be ever able to understand you, say that my eyes closed with the impression of her image, which I shall carry with me above!" The cortege had now reached the great exterior wall of tho cemetery, and tho bulls were slowly tolling a funeral knell. Three small benches with wooden crosses were placed against the wall; and the three shooting parties, each having two non-commissioned officers as a reserve, for the coup de grace, ap- proached within a few paces of the prisoners. The Emperor, at the noise made by the move- ment of the muskets, thought tho soldiers were about to fire, and rapidly turning to his two companions he embraced them most affectionately. Miramon, surprised, very nearly sank upon the seat, where he remained quite helpless, and the Franciscans raised bim in their arms. Mcjia returned the em- brace of Maximilian, whispering somo broken woids, which were not overheard. He then folded his arms, and remained standing. The bishop, advancing, addressed the Em- peror :-" Sire, give to Mexico, without any exception, the kiss of reconciliation in my poison; let your Majesty, in this supremo moment, accord pardon to all." Tho Em- peror was unable to conceal- the emotion winch agitated him. He allowed tho bishop to embrace him. Then raising his voice, hesaid -"Tell Lopez that I forgive him his treach- ery ; tell all Mexico that I pardon its crime." IIis Majesty then pressed the hand of the Abbó Fischer, who, unable to uttcr-a word, sank at the feet of the Emperor, bathing with tears hishands, which he kissed. Many present wept bitterly. Maximilian gently extricated his band, and, advancing a step, said, with a melancholy smile to the officer commanding the executing party, à la, disposición de usted. At thatmoment, on asign given by thoofficer, the muskets were levelled against the Em- peror's breast ; he murmured a few words in German, and the dischargo enveloped tho spectators in smoke. Miiamon fell huavily ?to the giound ;. Mejia remained erect, and waved his arms about, but a ball through tho head ended his agony. The Emperor fell hack upon the cross, which sustained his corpse ; the body was immediately raised and placed in the coffin, as were those of the two generals. All three were buried without delay jn the cemetery. General Corona subsequently summoned the niélate, and demanded the surrender of the letters. The one addressed to the Arch- duchess Sophia was not opened, as she, being the mother of the Emperor, could not bo sup- posed to receive any dangerous communica- tion from her son. That to the Empress . Chai lotto was unsealed. Its terms are these. It was written in French : "My Dearly Beloved Carlotta,-If God ono .day peiiiiits your recovery, and you read these lines, jou will leam the cruelty of the ill-for- tune which has unceasingly pursued mo since jour departure for Europe You took with jou all my chance and my soul. Why did I not listen to your counsel ? So many events, slas ! so many sudden blows have broken all my hopes, that death is for me a happy deli- verance, and not an agony. I fall gloriously, as a soldier-as a king, vanquished, but not .dishonoured. If your sufferings be too great -if God call you speedily to rejoin mo-I will bless the Divine hand which has so heavily pressed upon us. Adieu, adieu. Your poor MAX. " A Vienna letter says that the accounts ro ?ceived from Miramar inspecting the Empress Charlotte are very sad. All hope of recovery seems to have vanished. The Morycnpost sajs: - " The mental alienation has now attained to such a pitch that the unhappy Princess cannot be left alone for an instant, and has several times attempted her life. Two recent attempts of this kind were fortunately pre- vented by the watchfulness of Doctor Sick, who has the august patient under his care. Nevertheless, the Empress is occasionally, for a few moments at a time, in full possession of herfacultics. In one of these lucid intervals lately she said, ' I do not desire to live any longer ; death is preferable to such au exist- ence.' Then, after a short pause, she asked, ' Whcio is my husband ? Shall I never seo him more? No, no,1 ho is dead, and I am still left in the world.' Scarcely a quarter of an hour passes that the Empress does not ask for news of the Emperor Maximilian. Tho physical condition of Her Majesty also in- spires very serious alarm." Admiial Tcgetholï and his suite left Liver- pool on Saturday, July 20, by the China, cn rouie for Mexico, via Washington. Tho admiral is sent by the Austrian Government to obtain the body of the late Emperor. It is stated on good authority that the letter of condolence on the death of the Emperor Maximilian, addressed by the Emperor Napo- leon to the Emperor of Austria, was to the following effect :-"I send you the expression of my condolence on the dreadful news of the death of tho Emperor Maximilian. My grief is the more lively because I feel the responsi- bility of tho painful part I have had in this mibfoitune. But God, who penetrates our hearts, knows that I never had any other ob- ject than to extend to those distant places the influence of our civilisation. In doing this, I have found no nobler or moro worthy intercessor than your Majesty's unfortunate brother." THE TICHBOENE BARONETCY. (most THE PALI. MALL GAZETTE, JULY 13.) AVc have been favoured with a perusal of the affidavits put in on the plaintiff's behalf ra this extraordinary case. They consist of the affidavits of the claimant to the succes- sion, of the claimant's mother, and of thirty four poisons who have seen the claimant, and who believe him to be tho person he repre- sents himself to be. The story told by tho claimant is that be embarked at Rio on board the Bella, of Liverpool, bound for New York, on the 20th of April, 1851 ; that four days afterwaids the Bella sprang a leak, and foundered at sea-her crow, consisting of seventeen persons and himself, having pro noufjyhjft her in two boats; that the boat »i Mhich he (the claimant) was, was separated norn the other by a storm : and that on the iUir fd.ay atter having the Bella, he and j-jgnt of ins companions wero picked up by a -uin bound for Melbourne, in Australia, «nae they were landed about the end « July having been on board of tho missel that picked them up nearly three gf Neither the names of the vessel luat thus saved the claimant's life, nor of hor wpiai.n, nor of any of his rescued shipmates «re given in the claimant's affidavit. On leacliing Melbourne, the claimant states that '"nY'a?,l>"erly de-stitute, and that, being a fcoou ndpri h(¡ obtaincd employment on tho T?" >rm of a Ur- William Foster, having tK. "A-. io.r family reasons (not explained in ififiV .1 V1,l) the name of '-Thomas Castro. In iii£" F'ttHnnrnVbcing a Roman Catholic, aln^ ?Plcd WIth Ma,T Ann Bryant, spinster, S,a Uoman Catholic; but, for the,better' «'aiiitenunce of his incognita, -they elected to '« niarned by a Wesleyan minister. After remaining in Australia from 1854 till 18C5, without communicating with any member of hisfamilyor with any other person inEngland, the claimant heard for the first time m tho latter year of the death of his father, and early in 18GG he wrote to his mother informing her that he was alive, and about to return homo, and asking for a reinillaucc to enable him to do so. _ Before receiving any such remittance the claimant, his wife, and their infant daugh- ter, left Sydney, and returned to England via Panama and New York. And now comes tho strangest part of tho story. The claimant, on landingin England, did not present himself to any member of his numerous family, from allot whom he had, parted on excellent terms in 1854, nor did he present himself to any of the officers, of his regiment, in whose society he had passed Hie last four years of his sojourn in England, and who are of course the most competent persons to establish his identity. After a hasty visit incognito to Tichborne Park, and -an inter- view with Messrs. Gosford and Cullington, the solicitors of the Tichborno family, and a Mr. Plowdcn, a distant relative-none of whoso names appear affixed to any of the affidavits in support of the claimant's identity -the claimant joined his mother in Paris, and was at once recognised by that lady as her son. The affidavit of Dame Henriette Felicitó Tichborne, widow of the late Sir James Francis Doughty Tichborne, Baronet, follows that of the claimant. Lady Tichborne, whose maiden name was Seymour, is a half-sister of Henry Danby Seymour, Esq., M.P., and of Alfred Seymour, Esq., M.P. ; her mother was a Frenchwoman, and bho herself was bom and educated in France, nor affidavit states that her eldest son was bom in 1829, and was educated in France until ho was sixteen years of age, when he was sent tJ Stonyhurst College in Lancashire ; that in October, 1811), he joined Her Majesty's 6th Dragoon Guards (Carabineers) in Dublin ; that ho served with that corps until February, 1853, when ho left the regiment for tho purposo of travelling in South America ; that in tho year 1854 news reached England that the claimant had embarked on board tho Bella, and that that vessel had never since been heard of: and that, after tho customary inquiries and the usual lapse of time, she had been dealt with by tho underwriters at Lloyd's as a total loss. Lady Tichborne's affidavit goes on to stato that she could never bring herself to believe that her son had perished in the Bella ; that sho entertained from the very first a presentiment that he might havo been picked up at sea, which she freely ex- pressed ; thut she once obtained some faint corrohoration that her presentiment might possibly be well founded from a strange sailor on the tramp, who solicited alms from her at Tichbornc-park ; and that in the year 1803 she caused advertisements, offering a reward to anybody who would find her son for her, to be insulted in Tlie Times in the English, French, and Spanish languages, and that she communicated at the same time with Mr. Arthur Cubitt, of the "Missing Friends Office," in Sydney, authorising him to an- nounce the death of her husband in the Aus- tralian papers, and to offer a reward for the discovery of her son. In 18CG, according to her ladyship's affidavit, she first received a letter fiom the claimant announcing his ex- istence and his resolve to leturn home, and asking for money to enable him to do so ; and on Thursday the 10th of January, 18G7, the claimant arrived in Paris and put up with his wife and child at tho Hotel de Lille ct d'Albion in the Ruo St. Honoré, where she first saw bim ill in bed. overwhelmed with emotion, recognised him as her son, and thenceforward allowed him £1,000 a year. From that day Lady Tichborne'and the claimant have constantly lived together. Her ladyship declares that his features, disposition, and voice are unmis- takable, and must, in her judgment, bo re- cognised by any impartial and unprejudiced persons who knew him before ho left Eng- land, and that his memory as to everything which occurred to him up to the time of his leaving England is perfect. We have not space to enter into detail as to the statements of " the thirty- four persons whose affidavits follow those of the claimant and Lady Tichborne. Many of them are im- portant enough, if the deponents can endure cioss- examination in the witness-box. Many are obviously false, absurd, and worthless, being those of persons who, never having seen the claimant before he left England, aro nevertheless convinced that ho is the person he claims to be. One is made by a blind man who once heard Mr. Roger Tichborne speak before he left England, in 1853, and having heard the claimant speak in 1867 ia convinced of his identity, because he has " a Tichborne voice." Perhaps the most important of all is the affidavit of Major Heywood, late of the Carabineers, who served with Mr. Roger Tichborne in that regiment for nearly two years. Mujor Heywood says :-" I have this day, July 1, 18G7, seen and had a conversa- tion with tho claimant, and I state my full belief that ho is the Mr. Roger Charles Tich- borne, my brother officer, whom I formerly knew ; and I have no doubt whatever as to his identity." There are also the affidavits of two or three persons, formerly non-com- missioned officers, privates, and servants in the Carabineers, who also bear witness that the claimant is co- identical with the Cornet Tichborne who formerly served with thom in that regiment. No single member of either the Seymour or the Tichborno families, nor any of tho numerous officers with whom ho served in the Carabineers, with the singlo exception of Major Heywood, have made any affidavit of their belief in the claimant's identity. As, according to the dowager Lady Tichborne's affidavit, the claimant's person and manner are little changed, and as his memory is per- fect, there can be no doubt that when the case comes to be tried the claimant will readily ob- tain justice. The name of a vessel in the Aus- tralian trade which in 1854 pickedup at sea nine shipwrecked persons, maintained them on board for three months, and landed them at Melbourne, can easily be asceituined ; it is more than probable that some of the other survivors ot the wreck of the Bella may be in existence : tho gentlemen by whom Mr. Roger Tichborne was educated at Stonyhurst and the Roman Catholic priests by whom his religious exorcises were directed, must be accessible ; and at least a score of his brother officers in the Caiabineers will all be available and unbiassed witnesses as to his identity. We happen to know as a fact that Mr. Danby Seymour, M.P., the claimant's uncle ; Mr. M'Evoy, M.P. ¡and Major Phillips, formerly of the Caiabineers ; his brother officers ; his aunt, Mrs. Nagle ; and his cousins, Mrs. John Towneley and Mrs. Radcliffe, havo had inter- views with bim ¡ but as we do not find any affidavits from them in corrohoration of his identity amongst the documents included in the volume now before us, wo presumed that they failed to recognise in tho claimant their long lost relative. A RUSSIAN LECTURE TO ENGLAND. The following paragraph from the Pall Mall Gazette appears to afford a clue to tho canard received from Now York, via Panama : _ The Allgemeine Zeitung, of Augsburg, pub- lishes a startling bit of news- that Russia has proposed to Franco and America an intervention in the " Irish question 1" The despatch containing this astounding in- telligence is given in full in the Allge- meine, and purports to bo a communica- tion addressed by Princo Gortchakoff to tho Russian ambassador in London, and dated the 22nd of May, immediately after the settle- ment of the Luxemburg difficulty at the Lon- don conference. This curious document begins by expressing tho satisfaction of the Russian Government at tho successful result of the conference, and its belief that similar means might be adopted "for drying up tho sources of general danger which Ho in certain conflicts that at first appear only to disturb the intern al peace of som o European states, huton a closer view aro seen to contain clements which aro threatening to allot them." The " Irish question" is then quoted as one of these conflicts, This question is-not, it is true, a Euiopean one, but no more was the Polish question, which was " created" some j-ears ago, when "the Governments of France and England got up a diplomatic coalition against us, the object of which was to inter- vene in this so-called question, under the plausible pretext of treaties, but in reality in thj name of suffering humanity, an oppressed nationality, and a persecuted religion." Russia acpepted an international examination of tho events, in.tho kingdom of Poland; "tho foreign Cabinets became convinced of the paternal designs of our Sovereign towards all his subjects, without distinction of race or faith;" and the "so- called Polish question has disappeared, Poland displaying to Europe the spectacle of the most perfect quiet and haimony between the rulers and the ruled." Now, the'"Irish question" is not, liko the Polish, a sham question ; it has existed for centuries, and tho real sufferings of Ireland are as great as the alleged grievances of Poland. " It is now nearly two years that tho constitutional guamntees of which the British nation is so proud havo ceased to exist for the Irish people. Insurrections follow each other! and are crushed with difficulty by over- whelming military power, and notwithstand- ing the most unscrupulous application of the severest measures of repression, Ireland has.been abandoned to terrorism, indigna- tion swells in Irish hearts, and the sen- tences of death daily pronounced by English courts of justice are accepted by a heroic people that docs not fear death with defiance) and scorn.Lord Russell formerly laid down the ' principle that the basis of every Government is the confidence it in- spires in those it governs, and that the pre- dominance of law over arbitrariness should be the foundation of every political system. But aro theso principles, to which wo sub- scribe, the basis of English authority in Ire- land, arid do wo not rather see there in prac- tice that arbitrariness which is in such strong opposition^ to the far-famed liberties of the British regime?" An " examination by tho powers" is next proposed of the following points:-(1) The Irish church; (2) "the op- ' pression of a Celtic race for the advantage of a Saxon oligarchy ;" (3) tho tenure of land ; and (4) emigration ; and tho despatch con- cluded by stating that similar communica- tions havo been addressed to tho ltussian ambassadors in Paris and Washington, with the object of " eliciting an exchange of ideas on the condition of Ireland from the French and American Governments." THE COUNTY MEMBER. (Onn STYLE.) (Fnoirf -rim owt.) Wboro as ta bcttnso long-, and mo a ringing this way? Thoor't not half a butler, an Doctor ho (laren to say I mayn't a naw nioor poort; but Doctor's a fulo Git ma my poort-I ain't a going to break ma rule. Doctor ho looks moighty wiso, but lor a that ho knaves nov>t Naw Boort o' kolnd o uso to talk to mcX aboot gout ; I've ed my bottlo o poort moist Heights sin I'vo boon M.i\, An I'vo od my two sometime, and the bottor part o three. Cranborno'8 a bein loikewoiso, a slttln an prcaohln ; say« he "The Amolghty knows, my frlond, twill soon wi you be all-up," An a towel my sins, ps how to Had a'd glen tho upper bond. And voUtcd for Dizzy rolght agin my duty an the lond. Iloight a may bean-but Cranborna I reckon mado a storm, Ana cost up awful that a did 'boot Dizzy and Reform ; Tliof a knows a volited agin Reform as long as I durst, An a only voUtod for Dizzy when woorst It como to wooral. An I'vo allus como to House afoor tho prayors thoy were read ; An I heard Big Bon a bummin awa.ln tho Clock Tower ol!r my yed An I uiver tried to speak, for I nivor ad nowt to say, But I voiltcd as wor told to voütc, an I cum'd awa. Ben Disraeli's Bill-'taint fair to lay its pasain to meli Mayhap when it do pass, a main bad un it may beil. fj'ivcr 1 voUtcd for un, thof why I hardly know ; But 'twar allua ma duty to go as Taylor t'ould ma to go But Cranborno a comes and preaches, an a says all easy an freli, " The Ainolghty knows 'twill vory soon wl you bo all u-pc!l ;" I wolint say ho tells a loy, but a's got a sharp touguo in 's hoad, An I'vo sat sin Thirty-two, an afoor thar come Freii Trade. Dost molnd tho Frca Trade toimo ï na, na, for thoo nioinds nowt Twar a molghty bogglo for us, an our ruin as wo thowt ; Moist loiko as wo wor rolg-ht, but thoy cried an aboot an aboot, ' Au they passed un all tho samo, an turned our party oot. Peers doing it wuz; an wo eall'd un a traitor to's falice. An inado It oop wi's enemies, an hunted un oot o'a plaäcc, , Dizzy an Bentinck did-but Bentinck his span 'twar short, An Dizzy ho turned Frcä Trader-but git ma my poort. When fust I como to House, warn't ii scoro o' Rads nohow Nowt then but Whigs an Tories ; an lolik at ¡t now ,Whig side worth nowt, sa- ro Radical stock to breed ; An Tory sido ar mostwaiiya a. solln wi Radical seod. Nubbut a Tory bits loft hy sido o Cranborno now, An ta Rads will soon by Dizzy's help thruff It an all run plow. Ah, if Pow'r A'molghty'd only kop Reform oot o' Dizzy's bonds, An stop't his making hay wi tho squolrcs an tonants an Ionds. Is there a mon knaws what Dizzy's been oop to wl meii, An can a tell me undor which thimble bo Dizzy's pea? An a'll lose ma seat for County an' all. Oh, dear-oh, dear An I ha sat for County como over thirty year. Look how Rads 'lill smoilo when thoy sees mo a passin by An say to thesson, naw door, "What a fui a bo , sewor-ly ;" ,For they knaws how I'vo voiitcd agin em an for tho lond, And now I'vo gona.an voUtcd to gioemthoupporhond. In Commons thoy say tho bill will pass tho Lords aroight, An who's to como In when Dizzy goes out, it muddles me quoit ; Sartain suro I bo of this, as 'twoliut be Cranborno or , Lowe, Au a didn't ought to bo Gladstone, but a woliut swear It woiint bo so. But Bright '11 como arter us all, with Beales and his League, mayhap, Huzzing and inakzlng the Commons' Houso with tho ' divil's cluptrap ; Gin I mun go, 1 mun go ; I doiint Uko to bo beat, But gin this bo so, I mun go, for I couldn't »boar to , seo it. What atta staring thore for, and docsna bring mo ma ? poort? Doctor's a fulo, an says I mun drink light wino o Glad 1 stone's soort ; But I wolint break my rule for ivor a doctor neath tho sun Git ma my poort, and gin I mun loso my scat, 1 mun. 