TILE GIIOST T AT BEEIOVER 1TALL. (From the Ohristmas Number of Oncea-. 7ll'e,.) "' Il,?AVI no hesitation; Cipitain Arden, in asserting that you are an infidel and a here tic." llies Dampier preferred this grave charga against mo solely becautqe I had ex pressed an utter disbelief in spiritual mani festations. The attack was made in the long drawing-room at Beechover Hall, where it large party were gathered round the old. fashioned fireplace; and never did the "jolly dlogs" which supported the blazing wood, grin upon a pleasanter circle--t least, I thoughtso. My brother officer, Jack Beres. ford, and myself were, I believe, the only members of thl party who could not claiti ties of kindred with either Sir Harry or Lady Danmpierl; ntid both of tiS wsero earnestly desi. Irois of enrolling our tnaloa insiimongst their connootions, for Jack wans iS much in love with Laura ni'L I wais with Ethol ])iitpir,. Ethel was the eltdest by a year, thotitgh site e UtIa isilly ftakeln fi' lit Ysti of ingei,t hitir tleto,'st# l, of livittity htlilg of slteliei order itd hAtn lirtntiieo' toursi coii)psed, Ethel was All li nd nliiaulitito, and her eyes ltsoll even o' rsll than lia ipsI Jaor hilr, of that luuimlirt'o aiudl o lld11l bIy oi' ur lg hbour !t bruit c niie,' inutul i vury burdiu to lir, for greant rolls wre constantly slipping out at wrong places, and bringing blushes to her clhoeks as lhi tried to push the rebels back. 1Her figure was perfect, thouglh small, and every movement had a nameless grace of it own. Laura was taller, and her presence more commanding; her hair and eyes, too, were darker. By many she was thought the hand somost; but she wanted that provoking fasci nation which Ethel possessed, at least I thought so; probably Jack was of a different opinion. The seanson for both of us was unusually pleasant, and passed more quickly than over; but the regret that came with its close was mitigated-by an invitation to Beech over, Sir Hnrry's country place. 'The invi tation pleased us all the more because it seemed to indicate that Sir Harry did not disapprove of our attentions to his daughters, and that the young ladies had no particular aversion to their admirers. In London, our intercourse had not gone further than the limits of flirtation, and neither of us felt suore that it would ever be per mitted to outstep those bounds. This was the state of. affairs whien we found ourselves at Christmas under the same roofw ithlthe object' of our affections. Shouts of laughter of course hailed MIiss Dampier's attack upon my in credulity. " Did you ever seon a ghost, Miss Dampier?" I retorted. "I am thankful to say," she answered, "that I can believe with out seeing; but as you are not gifted with the same amount of faith, I only hope you.may be convinced by ocular demonstration." ." There isn nothing I should like better," I replied. " Lot us advertise for a ghost ; but perhaps, Miss Dampier, you have one on the premises, which will save us the trouble." "Of course we have. Did you ever hear of a respectable family that had not ? It is only your nobodies who are ghost less." "I sholdl have said that it was your no bodies vho'are ghosts." "For shame, Captain Arden; I did not think you would condescend to a pun, and such a one !" "I will try and blush, if you will only tell us all about, this family ghost.. I hope it is a female, and young and pretty, if I am to make its acqunintanco." " I shall not waste my breath upon. n unbeliever; you would only laugh at me and my story." "Think what a triumph it would be if you were to convert me. I promise to do my best to believe. Indeed I will if I can. So, pray tell us all about your ghost." "Do tell ns, Ethel," echoed a chorus of pretty cousins. After a little more pressing. Miss Dampier complied with our request, and told her tale so well, that I should only spoil itby attempt ing to repeat its words. It.was thle tereo typed ghost story.. There wore rustling silks heard in the corridors; the wearer wits deadly pale, and was dressed in a court costume.(why' is it that ghosts anri always dressed for court 0) Tui only thing which gave this ghost any individuality was, that though ler silks were often heard, she was only seen on Christmas-eve, and that on those occasions she carried Ii baby in her nrms to the centre window in the picture-gallery, and, after a succession of cries fromn tlhe infant, returned without it. This evidently hinted at a murder, and caused great excite ment amongst thei audience, which becanme intense when some one' remarked that the following night was that of the annual in fanticide. Miss Dampier's tale was only the first of a series. Every one has really a true history to relate of -a ghost; seen by a friend or a friend's friend, but, strange to say, eye witnesses are never forthcoming. They, would have gone on all night, I believe, bad not Lady Dampier at length made a move, and carried off thlle young ladies. We men remained behind, and a smoke in the billiard room drove tile subject of our evening's con versation entirely from myn mind. " Will you nseet me in half an hour in the picture gallery?" said Miss Dampier, after break fast next morning. "I have something very ptarticular to talk to you about. I will brin'g the battledores and shuttlecocks as an excause for a tte-a-telto." I need not say Iow gladly I pr'omised to meet Miss Dumpier at tihe nppointed hour and place. To be takien into her confidence upon a matter however slight was a step in' tie right direction : there was no knowing what might come of a Iprivate interview; Ia word might fall, or a glance be given, which might servoe s a clue' to tihe feelings of her heart. The intervening hnlf hlour was spent in vain conjectures as to what could be thle purport of Miss Dampier's comnmunication. At its expiration I made my way to the gallery, and while waiting for' Mliss Dampier had anmple time to look. around me. The gallery was very long and lbw, runnitingg the whole length of the house. It was lighted by fifteen oriel bay-windows, upon which were various coats of narms in coloured - gliss. The spllace between the winilows and the whole of theopposite wall, except where doors led into the principal bedrooms, was entirely concealed by fiamily portraits, so closely packed together that it was imposible to discover the colour of the wall.. The chief portion of the mansion had been re-fiurnished of late years, but the gallery evidently had not been touched since the first day it was fitted up--probably in the time of Elizabeth, as tihe ground plan of the house took the letter E, a compliment often paid by architects to the Maiden Queen. After making the tour of the room, and endeavonr ing to trace a likeness to Ethel amongst her ancestors, I turned into one of the bays, and took a seat. " I know I am late, Captain Arden," said Miss Dampier, running up to imy resting-place with the battledores inshter hand; " but you muIst excuse tme, as I could not effect smy escape before from the drawinsg roomin Of course you are burning to know what I have to communicate. Talk of womns's curiosity-it is nothing to iann's. Take Io battledore, and I will let yon into my secret. I have got a capital ida in my hlead, rand 1 want you to help me to cnrry it out. You rememlber, perlhapls, that this is the ghost's nigiht? Well, I mesin to play tlhe ghost! W?n't it be fun to frighten them all out of thelir senses? I only wish I did not require your Iprotection, for I slouild have enjoyed ss'eing you shaking with terror; but I really ain afraid to cossie into the gallery by siynself', iand tils night tbovii nil niglits in tohe your." I looked sny thaniksI ; but bolbre I lihaiid timei to exp'(e! theli in wordl, him cllntililllnll--" I know I connll hIlve assked nolu of' timhe girls tin necoiimpaity tie, lut t if there wlIIH siny clm0itO tio)r lllitrnl shi would be sIuri to iihit ori' rsit iiiway, Nitw I thinik, C(iintiiI woulllin't yIo)i) " " I'PIroc you, ]S!ll|-MlN< )liiiiiitr, J iitan In I wit lil prutetu t yovi wi ls tniy I nu- ii l litlu , till o tiiie illtt t slu ,i included !" "Don't be rash! hut listen to my plans. Up stairs there is an old ward robe filled with costumes worn by our grent grandmothers. I have tiken the key off the housekeeper's bulnch, and intend this afternoon to abstract a dress of the stiffest silk I can find; one that will rustle well. I think I remember-a blue silk that will suit exactly. I shall powder my face, and look very ghastly, and when all have retired for the night 1 will join you here. Is it not a glori ous idea? Everyone will be on the qui vice to-night, and the first rustle of my silk will be sure to be heard." Iagreed that the idea was capital, and laughed with her at the thought of the terror which her ghost- like appearance would inspire, my conscience all the while telling me that I was wrong to encourage a practical joke, which might be followed by bad effects. But how could I give up the sweet pleasure of plensing Ethel, and of sharing a secret irith her? "But you have forgotten the baby," I suggested. "No, indeed, I have not," sheo replied. "T'here is a young puppy in the stables, which I shall carry to my room; an old doll's dress and cap will convert it into a first-rate 'infmnt; and a judicious pinch, administered at the right moment, will extract a cry not unlike a baby's. Everyone will be too frightened to be critical." Busi ness concluded, we commenced our game. For showing off a woman's gracefulness there as nothing like a battledore and shuttlecock. I had never known half Ethel's beauty till I saw her, with arm extended and cheek flushed, springing now here, now there, in the excitement of the game, every curve seeming doubly graceful, every movement doubly fiscinating. Fatigued at last, after keeping up the shuttlecock some incredible number of times, she sunk upon a neighbour. ing sofa, panting and out of breath. The enemy is exhausted, thought I; now is the time to go in and win. And, taking a seat by her side, I ventured a preliminary remark of rather a romantic character; but before I hand time to make any further advances, Ethel had taken fright, and was on her feet again. " I don't think you have been intro duced. to my ancestors, have you, Captain Arden?" she asked at once. "Asa military man you might, perhaps, like to become acquainted with some of the fighting Dam piers. This suit of armour belonged to one Roger de Dampier; it is dented with arrows shot at Agincourt. Can't you stand straight, Mr. Roger; one would think your knees were hoaking with fear of the 'French. This' dandy, with long hanging sleeves, and pointed shoes, like elongated beetroots, is not the sort'of mani you would think likely, to stick to a losing cause; and yet he followed Margaret of Anjou till he fell at Tewkesbury.. There is their son, who fled over seris, nnd lieturned with Richmond to die on Bosworth Fiild. Hero is good Queen Bess herself. You cannot mistake her red' hair and" starched ruiff. -Th'h old lady passed, a night at.Beechiover on one of her tpleasure trips. This is her host, Sir Jaisper Dampier. His bill for a night's bonird and lodging was paid with a bIaronetcy. Well, I have Inown higher titles given for lessv At all events, thire is nothing to be ashanied of in the way we gained our red halid. This' is evidently a Dundre5ary of the period What a lovely dress! grey satin and cherry color. This is 'supposed to be the ghost, but no one knows who she is. I shall never be able to dress my hair with those cork-screw curls, unless I cut it, which I have no intention of doing; in all other respectsmy make-up will hbe perfect. This gray young man, with long embroidered waistcoat and stockings with gold clock., was one of Marlbro's colonels. And now I think you have had enough of me and my ancestors, so a( reoir'," and before I had time to utter a word the provoking beauty was half-way down the gallery. By half- past twelve the house was still, and at a quarter to one, having put on a pair of noiseless elippo's, I made my way to the picture-gallery. T'herI was no need of a candle to find the way, for the moon was shilling brightly; in the gallery it was almost as light as day. The clock struck one, and Ethel had .not nrrived. I began to tlink she had taken .fright at meet ing the lady in blue. I seated myself in the window, where I had promised to wait her arrival, and wiled away the minutes in look ing at the wintry landscape. -" Asleep, and on duty, Captain Arden? I'must report you to your colonel; but I suppose it is my fault fbr keelpinig you waiting in the cohl. Am not I a first-rate ghost ? I was quite terrified at looking at myself in the glass. I really believe I should frtighten the ghost herself." There was a tremor in her "voice which betrayed agitation. I saw that she shivered slightly as she seated herself in the bay window; all the animation which had glistened in her eye in the morning at the prospect of her midnight walk had vanished, and the smile with which she asked what I thought of her "get-up" was only a counter feit. We talked in' whispers for a few minutes, for Ethel seemed to wish to have an excuse for not starting on her expedition im mediately. I had no desire to hurry her, forgetting altogether the object of or meet ing, in the Ihappiness of gazing into her eyes, and feeling her breath upon my cheek. A sudden impulse caused me to look down the gallery-why, I cannot tell, unless some sound almost inandible may have reacnled my ear. To my amazement I thought I saw a figure at the fuirthest end of the room whether man or woman I could not tell-I only saw' that something moved. It ap proached very slowly, andl at last camte full into the moonlight-it was a woman! though ai long way off, I could sea that site carried somothing in her arms--something white. It was the real ghost and her infant! T'Ihere could be no doubt of it. I coult see her now mtore distinctly, for she had advanced as tlir as the second window. This was a Reoland for an Oliver with a vengeance! I did not feel nervous, but awe.-st'ruck. I believed at once in spliritual manifestatjons. On it came, gliding slowly with an almost imlpu ceptible motion, pausing constantly and looking hack; it had reached the fifth window, the rustiling of the silk was growintg quite audible. I wondered that Ethel did not catch the sound; what was I to ieo? Was I to toll her? She emst hesnr thiIe sound bforne long'. My brain wie in ai whirl. I had heard of the terrible oleuts of suddeni frights- of people trnictg grey in siengil night; miy, even f1 himnete iga raving miud, iodi know I would have died to sanv ,my dealing froI' such lJhte ; I wa1 helpl )h , u'owerl s; i I Illt lilke ans in i lightre-l-iho ulngelr wis IJlpfrtllleilbtCr, bIll I ws spullbolnd; like the pour ralbit, I Icwas fascinated though the serpeont's fangs were close upon me. The ghost was now at the seventh window, it stood still for a second, and then tliappeared in the bay. Thannk heaven ! now I might be able to persuade Ethel to leave the gallery; but how to do it was the question. I was just going to take her up in my arms and rush with her from the gallery, when the ghost emerged again and stood full in the moonshine. Too late ! Too late! She had now reached the eighth window; she stopped again and disappeared in the recess. There are fifteen windows, thought I, then the eighth must be the centre; we shall hear the baby's cry in a minute; Ethel must hear that. I was dis tracted-in despair. The ghost was again in the moonlight, she had put off the murder for a time; the rustling became more dis tinct. I was in agony, half maddened. My face must have betrayed my emotion, for Ethel jumped from her seat; "what is the matter, Harry?" she cried; "are you ill? your face is so strange." It was too late-I could not save her! She pushed past me, and stood face to face with the ghost, who was now only four windows distant. Utter. ing a piercing shriek, she cried-" Harry ! dlear Harry, save me ! " and fell fainting into my arms. "Help! help!" I called; but before the words were 'past my lips another cry rang through the gallery. Was it the echo? No o! it was in a different key to Ethel's. I looked up, and saw the ghost upon tho floor, fainting too! In a second more Jack's strong arms were supporting the inanimate form. He, like myself, had been concealed in one of the bay windows. My eyes were opened; my disbelief in ghosts returned stronger than ever. The ghost was not a ghost after all, but flesh and blood. The ghost was Laura Dampier; and now the rival ghosts were fainting each with terror at the other- each fully believing that the other was the Lady in Blue, who haunted the picture gallery. The two successive shrieks had more effect than the rustling of rival silks. Bolts began to unbolt, locks to unlock, and doors to open, displaying startled faces. Eyes scarcely open from their first sleep peered into the gallery, and drowsy voices asked what was the matter. Women's cries, muffled by the bed-clothes, sounded from some chambers; "The ghost !--tlhe ghost!" echoed wildly from others. "Water,'" I cried. " Salts," called Jack.. We were now the centre of the crowd, carrying bed-room candles, who had plucked up courage to leave their rooms. Salts and salvolatile pour in on all sides. Volunteers to rub the young ladies' hands, and plenty more to suggest impracticable remedies, soon did their work. " Whore am I" ' whispered Laura, whilst a deep sigh heralded Etheol's return to consciousness. They looked round inquiriangly, and both seemed bewildered at the circle of faces which hemmed them in. At last the eyes of the sisters met !-For an instant they scanned dach other curiously, and then a look of relief appeared on both countenances. " WVore you the ghost ?" they criod, simultaneously, and a feeooble laugh from each proclaimed that they were satisfied. Thei laugh was contagious and became general:. It would be impossible to describo the doshabilles that appeared in the gallery that lighlt. There wero wraps of all sorts, shawls of all colours, cloaks of all' shapes, nightcaps of all patterns, forming a tout cnsiemble truly grotesque. We four, who felt ourselves to be properly equipped at all points, could afford to laugh at the ridicaulous figures cut by our friends- and wo'did laugh; but there was one mouth that did not relax even into a smile. "Don't be angry, dear papa," pleaded Elthel " we have been foolish, very foolish, but we have been punished enough for our folly. It appears that the same idea struck Laura and myself; we both thought it would be fun to play the ghost, and frighten you all out of your senses. The tables have been turned.; instead of terrifying you, we have half killed each other with fright. I was afraid that I might meet the real ghost, and accordingly I asked Captain Arden to be present. I suppose Laura invited Captain B3eresford for the same reason. There, papa, you have the whole truth; but, really, if you wish me to preserve my gravity you must put your nightcap straight; it does give you such a comical look." Sir Harry did not join in Ethel's laugh, on the contrary, lie looked very glum; but at this stage of the proceedings an event occurred providentially. wich restored him to good humour. Ethel's baby, who had been sleeping soundly, suddenly awoke and quietly walked off-barking violently; the noise aroused Laura's infant, wlho sprang off her lap, and mowing piteously, hurried away as fast as her robes would permit. This was too much even for Sir Harry-ho joined in the universal shout of laughter, and after wards kissed and forgave his daughters. Whether Jack had the same reason as I had for thanking the catastrophe in the picture gallery I cannot say. I only know that before the next season arrived Laura and Ethel Dampier were the wives of Jack Beresford and Harry Arden. 