A REVIEW. Grif: A Story of. Colonial Life. ByB. L. Farjeon.. Dunedin : Wm. Hay. Isthero noonoto do for Australia what Sir W. Scott did for tlie Highlands of Scotland and Foni jnore Cooper for the prairies of America ? To a new chum our country may.look unromantic enough, but if possessed of any tasto for reflection, a hrief experience will suffice to convince him that, rich as it is in -wool and gold, it is richer still in material for the novelist. A -writer — Kuslrin, we think— describing some scene of noble beauty in Italy or Switzerland, which taxed even his won drous word-painting power ; and feeling, after all the pains he had taken to convey an adequate idea of the arrangement and color of forest, river, rock, mountain and sky, that something was still want ing ; concluded with the remark :— ' It is not these, however, but life and its associations which give in terest to a landscape.' Relying on memory alone, we are not sure as to the ipsis3ima verba, but the remark, which made a deep impression on our minds at the time, has been recalled often since, and never more vividly than on the occasion of. our first journey from Melbourne into the interior of Vic toria. We were oppressed with a feeling of profound melancholy which we could not shake off. The scenery was altogether new, the sky bright, the air exhilarating ; but the whole landscape seemed utterly destitute of life. We sadly missed theassocia tions which a traveller in the old countries of Eu rope finds connected with every object around him. 'Where were the footprints of past generations, the ruins, with their haunting memories, the battle fields with their stories ? Mountains and plains there were, forests and rivers ; but where were their legends ? Townships there were, with churches and court-houses ; but where were their traditions? The melancholy we experienced was accounted for by the absence of that indefinable charm which is imparted to nature by the presence of human life, and much more perhaps by the associations of the life of the past in its mys terious continuity with the life of the present. Fur ther acquaintance with Victoria has enabled us to supply the vacuum so keenly felt in our new-chum ^ dayS__a vacuum which existed in our own mind ra ther than in the country itself. There is life here, and life too in' a ,far more concentrated form than our friends at. .home have any idea of. A history which it took centuries to evolve in England, has been fully developed with us in the course of a ; single generation. The whole draina of civilisation is being enacted oeiore our eyes. There are men still living amongst us, who, having witnessed the first act of the drama, when the black fellows hunted amid the gum-trees upon the site where Melbourne stands,- are now witness ing the fifth act when the whirr of engines is heard amid the busy hum of towns. A drama would be untrue to life if it involved no conflict. Our con flicts have been as many as the successive acts of our drama. Hunter, shepherd, miner, agriculturist, manufacturer — each represents a plmsis of that ever - lasting conflict which inscrutable Providence has ordained as the invariable condition of human'pro gress. In the course of these conflicts innumerable are the changes which have happened to individuals, and wonderful the transformations of social position as fortunes have risen or fallen. If it be true of evory individual, the world over, tnat ne nas a ro mance in his history which only waits the hand of genius to draw out, how much more true is it of every one who has emigrated to o, new land ?^ He has lived as it were two lives, dividedby a voyage ; and what a contrast often between the two. To some, re moval from their native land has afforded the . scope that was needed for the full manifestation of their capacity; while to others it has been eminently detrimental, inasmuch as it has but served to withdraw from them aids to virtue and restraints from vice, which their feeble nature required. Men . who were well born, and started in life with prospects fair enough, sons of clergymen and banisters, brothers of distinguished literary men, ssions of noble families, are here to be found in the position of diggers, shepherds, bullock drivers and wood splitters. On the other hand, we meet with honored and wealthy men, occupying the high places of the land as legislators and statesmen, whose fathers were humble tradesmen. How strange it seems to recognise, as we often do, an old acquaint ance in a social position we could never have ima gined. To anyone reflecting upon the straggles, the rapid changes, the rising and falling fortunes, the surprises which life in Victoria is continually sup plying, it will be evident that there is here abundant material for the novelist, to work upon. Nor has the ground been left unoccupied. Lytton Bulwer, and Charles Reade have recognised our wealth of romance, but neither of them have been here to see for themselves. William Howitt and Henry Kingsley have both been hero, and both have turned their experience to good account. In the 'Tallangetta' of the one, and the ' Geoffrey Hamlyn'. of the other, some of the aspects of Anstralian life are well, portrayed; though in both, but especially in Geoffrey Hamlyn, the squatter's homestead is made to appear rather too much under coleur du rose. When Kingsley attempted a higher' flight in the Tl Burtons and Hillyar3' he inadg a miserablo failure. . Who is Mr Farjeon? Last year, it seems, he wrote a Christmas story, called ' Shadows on the Snow;' and, this year, he lias written another, called ' Grif ; a Story of Colonial Life.' Tho little book haB been published in Dunedin, but the writer has evidently some experience of Victoria. He knows the digger's life well, and some peculiarities of Melbourne too. The story ia by no means first-iuto, but very read able. The author has a frisky pen, can impart individuality to his characters, can make them talk as human beings do talk, and succeeds in maintain ing tho interest of tho reader right through. The hero of tho story is one of the arabs to be found in the streets of Melbourne, and a very un couth and unpromising specimen of a hero he seems at first sight; but, like some of the Cockney urchins we have mot with in Dickcns's stories, there is a germ of good in him capable of development at the touch of kindness. His good genius is a young woman named Alice, whom he happened to meet in a wretched Melbourne den, the haunt of niagsmen and loafers. We ought at once to say that she is a married woman, good and true, and that she has been brought to such a wretched lodging in consequence of having made a run away match with a man utterly unfit to be her husband, or tho husband of any woman of sense, and who, from sheer inability to help him self, has sunk in the social scalei and dragged her down along with him. It is one of those anomalies which we meet with oftener in novels than in real life, to find a good, loveable, devoted woman, silly enough to fall in love with a contemptible loafer like Richard Handfield — a young scamp, remarkable only for a moral weakness which was akin tto crime. Her father, who is a rich squatter, disowned her for her ill-judged marriage. Her husband was dis appointed in his expectation of getting a fortune with her. After a brief stay in that low Melbourne lodging house, he went to try his luck at the diggings, leaving her to struggle alone, as best she could. Marked by a gang of convicts, while in Melbourne, as a suitable accomplice ; tracked by one'of them on the diggings ; and inveigled to join them in a bushranging scheme, he consented ; but with the determination to escape, if possible on the first opportunity. The bushrangers meant' in fact, to stick up the station of his wife's father, and he was actaally with them on the way to the scene of action, when the poor wife whom he had left in Melbourne got information of the intended robbery. She left Melbourne immediately, anxious to save both her father and her husband — the one from ruin, the other from the irretrievable disgrace in which he was about to involve himself. She was accompanied by Grif, and reached her father's station just when 'the bushrangers com menced the attack. Poor Grif was shot by one of them, but the station was saved. Her husband was proved to have been forced into companionship with the bushrangers ; and her father, grateful for the service she had rendered, took her back and her husband too, who, after all, turned out better than might have been expected. Such is trbrief outline of the story. It is simple enough ; and though by no means a likely story, yet it contains here and there racy bits of description and dialogue, and is upon the whole readable. We conclude our notice with an extract, which tells, in a slightly abridged form, the story of Silver-headed Jack, a kind hearted bullock driver, who gave Alice a lift, when she trudged her weary way from Melbourne to High lay Station. ' I have seen so many strange things, since I have been in the colony, and have seen the colony itself pass through so many wonderful phases, that I sometimes grow Dewiiaerea wnen x imuu. ui mum, and am apt to confuse one thing with another. When I am walking through Melbourne streets, my memovy often carries me back to the time, and that not veiy long ago, when what are now magnificent, broad thoroughfares, lined with substantial build ings, were but tangled bush, in which one might lose oneself without much trouble. ?' No fairy story can excel, in its imaginative details, the rapid and wondrous changes that have passed over Victoria since the gold discovery. Where banks transact that business which enables them to pay twenty per cent. ; where merchants trade and negotiate for shipments from all parts of the world ; where copies of London and Paris swells promenade ; and where Fashion parados from morning to night— the Abori ginal stalked but yesterday in all his dirty savagery. You might have seen plenty of them a dozen years ago, with their boomerangs and their dirty blankets (a luxury which all did not possess), and their black eyes glittering from beneath their dark hair ; you may live in Melbourne now for years, and not see a single memento of tho original possessor of the soil. They are fast dying out, and bye-and-by they will live only in tho traditions of tho country. I could tell you some stories about them that would make you whistle ? 1 beg your pardon ; I forgot that I was speaking to a lady. What I am going to tell you now, is tho story of Silver- headed Jack. _? He was a mato of mino on the Echuca gold-diggings. Not silver- headed at that time, for he had the glossiest curls I ever saw. There wore three of us together ; myself, Silver-headed Jack, and Serious Muggins. Serious Muggins was not his proper name, you know, but the diggers -have a knack of christening each other anew when they come to gether, and a name, onco bestowed, sticks to a . fellow all over the colony. Serious Muggins had come out with Silver-headed Jack, and had got that title because he never smiled. He and Jack had been friends and companions at home, as you will find out presently. They were both about the same age, and of the same buUd ; but you could not well imagine a greator contrast between any two men, than the contrast between Serious Muggins and Silver-headed Jack. Silver-headed Jack was always smiling; Serious Muggins was always frowning. If you could have transferred tho smile from the face of Silver-headed Jack to that of Serious Muggins, I believe that Muggins would have been by far the handsomer nian of the two ; as it was, ho was by far the uglier. For face is nothing, mates; what tells, is tho expression that lights it up. If you'll excuse my being poetical, I should say that tho face of Silver-headed Jack was like a bright day, and the face of Serious Muggins like a dark night. Well, we worked together on the Echuca for nearly six months ; and if bad luck ever haunted one, and stuck to one, and worried one, and wouldn't go away from one, bad luck did all that to us. ' Floored again,' said Silver-headed Jack, as we sat down lit night to our mutton, and tea, and damper, arid not much of those ; ? I wonder if wo shall ever get a rise ? Lizzie will die an old. maid, and I shall die an old bachelor, if luck doesn't change.' 'Or she will be tired of waiting,' said Serious Muggins, ' and marry some one else.' 1 She will never do that, as you know veiy well,' returned Jack ; ? when I write home, I will tell her what you say.' Serious Muggins did not reply ; but a darker shade stole over his countonance. You may guess from this that Silver- headed Jack was in love. He. had come away from home, betrothed to a young girl, whose face, judging from the: picture ho had of her, was just the face that any one might fall in lovo with^and be proud of. Now, let me tell you what I learned at tnat time, from my own ob servation. Serious Muggins and Silver-headed Jack had come out from the same village, had been schoolmates and companions all their lives, and were both in love with the same girl. Jack made no secret of Ids attachment ; his friend kept Ms locked up in his breast. Yet I believe that if ever there was a man madly in love, and if ever there was a man madly jealous of the love he coveted, and which was given to another, that man was Serious Muggins. He had so possessed himself with tha love he bore to her, that his lips would quiver, and every feature in his face would twitch, when ho saw (as he saw daily) Silver-headed Jack take her letters from his pocket, and read them ; and often, when Jack read aloud little scraps from them, he would go out of the tent abruptly, and make himself mad with drink at some grog shanty. Silver-headed Jack could not help seeing this and taking notice of it, but - he did not put the same construction upon it as I did. ' Poor fellow !' he would say upon such occasions. ' You see, Jamie, he was in love with her, too, but she wouldn't have anything to say to him. I don't wonder it preys upon him ; I know it would drive me mad, if I. was to lose her. It is her love for me, and the thought of our being together by-and-by, that keeps me good. God bless her 1' I couldn't help admiring the young fellow, and wishing him success. I never liked Serious Muggins; I always believed that if he could do Silver-headed Jack an ill turn, he would not scruple to do it; and I had observed that the effects of our ill-luck were different upon tho two. Serious Muggins . actually seemed pleased that wo were not successful! * * * * Wo came at last upon a very rich patch — so rich, that I almost danced with delight when I handled the golden-veined lumps of stone. ' That will give me five hundred pounds for my share,' said Silver-headed Jack. ' I shall put a good wages-man in the claim, and go home to find out why Lizzie has not written to me. I can't help thinking there is some underhand work going on.' 'Phsal' said Serious Muggins. ' She's tired of waiting and has marriedsome one else. You don't think a girl will wait for a man until she grows to be an old woman, do you?' ' I don't know what girls will or will not do,' said Silver-headed Jack ; ' but I know that my Lizzie would wait for me all her life. I'm almost frightened to go home for fear of hearing that something has happened to her. The world wouldn't be worth living in, without her.' ' Have you written to her ?' Iasked. ? Yes, regu larly. Only think of my working all these years, and never till now having the means to send for her, and after all not to know if she is dead or alive.' ' Jamie,' he said to me, ' if I was to hear that she was dead, I'm sure I Bhould go mad, or some thing dreadful would happen to me. You can't think how I've set my heart, on my Lizzie.' * * * * The crushing of that forty tons of quartz took nearly four days and four nights. ? I've got bad news for you, Jack,' said Muggins one day. ' What, news?' asked Jack, dropping the gold, and turning quite pale. ' About Lizzie.' ' Well, man, go on.' ? She's dead, Jack,' said Muggins, looking on wlinfn oa -Tonlr 1-iirnaiVIf .Tnolr rlirln'f an.V ft. WftVfl. but dropped into his seat trembling, and covered his face. I beckoned to Serious Muggins, and we stol6 out of the tent ; I thought it was best to let Jack fight with his grief alone. I knew what a blow this was to him. He had not been working for himself, but for his Lizzie ; and just at the moment of suc cess, to hear that she was dead— it was terrible. He was in a dreadful bad way about it. As I sat outside the tent, smoking, I heard him talking to himself, strangely. We had left the cake of gold upon the table. 'You guttering devil,' I heard him say, ♦ why did you lure me away from my Lizzie ? If it hadn't been for you, I should never have left home, and we should have been together now. What would it have mattered if we had been poor ? Why did I fly from happiness to you, you false, cruel devil ?' I wouldn't have him disturbed the whole of that night. I knew all tho talking in the world would'nt ease him. But when I saw him in tho morning, I started back in a fright. He was sitting upon the bench, with his face resting in his hands, staring fixedly at the cake of gold. He had evidently not moved during the whole night, and during that night his hair had turned as white as silver 1 That was how he got. to be called Silver-headed Jack. I tried to rouse him, but the answers he gave me were so vaguo and wandering, that I began to bo afraid ho had gone mad. I saw at onco that ho was very ill, so I ran for a doctor, who told me that my mate had gone in strong for the brain fever. Sure enough, he had, too. We thought lie would never have como out of it, and it's my belief to this day that ho never would, if one of the strangest things hadn't hap pened. I should say it was six weeks after Jack had been struck down. I had nursed him all the time (ho wouldn't let Serious Muggins come near him), and the doctor said ho couldn't last another week. How poor Jack raved while in that fever ! I wonder that my hair didn't turn white through the frights he used to give me ! Housed to fancy Lizzie was in tho tent with him, and he talked to her so naturally, somotimes waiting for her answers, that, during his pauses, I used' to turn my head, ? half expecting to see Lizzio's white shade at my shoulder. I was sitting by tho door of tho tent one ovoning, listening to Jack's mutterings, for his tongue never seemed to stop ; I was very troubled, for you see I liked Jack amazingly, and I pitied him, and could sympathise with him, for, as I told you, I have been in love myself. Of course, my pipe was in my mouth. What should we do without tobacco, I wonder 1 Well, on this evening, I was sitting at the door of tho tent, when who should I see coming along tho gully where our tent, was pitched, but a woman. Our tent was nearly at tho foot of tho gully, and, of course, there was a hill shelving into' it. I saw tho woman at tho first point of sight on that hill, and it almost seemed as if she camo out of tho sunlight. There wore half a dozen tents scattered about, and she stopped at one of them and asked something. Imagine my sur prise, when I saw the diggor to whom sho had spoken point to our tent, and when I saw her walking quickly towards mo. Sho was a pretty, modest-looking lassie, and had « quiet, selfpos sessed air about her, which took me mightily. I was thinking over in my mind all sorts of things as to her, when she came up. My hair stood on end, ; and my knees began to shake, for I had seen the . picture Silver-headed Jack set such great store oh, ; and this lassie's face so resembled it, that I thought ' , I was looking at a ghost. I believe, if I hadn't been so completely dumbfoundered, I should have ? run away. ' Does John Staveley live here ? ' asked my ghost. John Staveley was Silver-headed Jack's proper name. ' He's living here, miss,' said I, 'and he's dying here.' 'My God!' she exclaimed, and as sho staggered, I caught her in my arms. ' Don't tell me that}' 'Who are you?' I asked. 'My name is Elizabeth Truelove,' she answered: , ' Jack's Lizzie !' I cried. ' Yes,' she said. 'Don't tell me that he's dying.' 'He's dying because he heard that you were dead,' I said. 'You aren't dead, are you?' ' No,' she said, hold- : ing out her hand. A time woman's loveable : little hand — real pleasant flesh and blood. 'I think I can see through it,' I said, when I was convinced she wasn't a ghost. ' Jack's very ill. If anybody can savo him, you can. But don't be frightened when you see him. He is much changed. His haii' turned snow white the night he heard you were dead. I have been his nurse till now. You ? may as well go in and take my place.' She glided . past me and I walked away. I went straight to where I knew I should find Serious Muggins. ? ; He was in a concert room, drinking with a lot of diggers. I went up to him quite coolly, and slapped his facer He started to his feet, and asked what I .,',' meant by it?- 'You're a lying scoundrel' I said; ' and if you don't understand what I meant by the / \ first tap. I'll give you another.' And I gave him ? ; . another — a pretty smart one this time. He was ;, ?. bound to fight, you see. We went outside, and the diggers made a ring. ? Now, mates,' I said, as I was tucldng up, my sleeves : he had stripped off his shirt. ' You all know me pretty well. I have never done a dirty action in my fife, and I never mean to ? do one. ' This fellow has done the meauest thing I ever heard of. When. I have polished him off, I'll : tell you what it is. And then if you don't think I've done right, you can throw me in, the creek if you like.' Serious Muggins fought like a devil. I must do him the justice to say that he was, physi cally, a brave man. But he had been drinking for a good many weeks, and that told on him. I don't think I should have licked him, but; for that. As it was, after an hour's hard fighting, when I was pretty well done myself, he threw up his arms. Then, I told the diggers the trick he had played Siiver-headed Jack, and how the woman he had said was dead was nursing my mato at the moment I was speaking. ' If Muggins hadn't been lying nearly dead on the ground, they'd have tarred and feathered him. As it was, they declared they would do so tho next day. But the next day he was gone, and I never heard anything more of him. He left a rich claim behind him, and it was out of my share of thatclaim I bought my first team. When I got back to the tent, there was Lizzy Traelove nursing poor Jack as tenderly — as a woman, I was going to say. That would have been a nice bull, wouldn't it ? Do you know, ? that although she hadn't been in the tent two hours, it had got quite a different look in that short time. What a little treasure, that woman is ! It did me good to look at her ! It ap pears that Muggins had intercepted all the letters ; and Lizzie, uneasy at not hearing from Jack; and being sure of his constancy, had como out by her self to learn what had become of him. That wa3 faithful love, wasn't it ? I don't think I have any occasion to tell you that Jack got well.- He did get well, and he married his Lizzie after all. . He gave up his own name, and took her's when they were ' married. But although he calls himself John Truelove, eveiybody else calls him Silver- headed Jack.' .?.'..;.'.' 