THE ST011Y-T1LLER. A STRUGGLE FOB LIFE. One morning last April, as I was posting ? through Boston Common, which lies plea ' saotly between my residcnco and my oQlce, I \- net a gentleman lounging about Tho Mull. 1 am generally preoccupied when walking, 1 and often thred my way through crowded streets without distinctly observing a single :;eoul. But thii man's faco forced itself upon . i (me, and a very singular face it, was. ilia '?' ?yesrwero'faded, and his hair, which ho wore . long, was flecked with grey. Hia hair and ores, if! may say so, were seventy years old, tho rest of him not thirtr. Tho vouthfulness of his figure, tho elasticity of his gait, and , the venorablo appearance of his head, wero incongruities that drew moro than ono pair of rcuriouscyes towards him. Ho was ovidcutly an American— llioNe*r England cut of coun* tenanco is unmistakeable— ovidonlly a man who had scon something of tho world } but strangely old and young. Beforo reaching thu Park-street potc, I had iaken up the thread of thought which ha had unconsciously broken} yet throughout the day this old young man, with his unwrinklcd brow andsilvcrod locks, glided iu,liko apban* torn between mo and my duties. Tho next morning I agaiu encountered him on tho Mull, llo was resting lazily on tho green raits, watching two littlo stoops in dis. tress, which two ragged shipowners had con* signed to tho nsimiu perils of the pond. Tho vessels lay becalmed iti tho raiddlo of tho ocean, displaying a tantalizing lackofsym* pothy with tho frantic helplessness of tho owners on shore. As tho gentleman observed their dilemma a light camo into his faded eves, then died out, leaving them drearier than before. 2 wondered if ho, too, in his time, had sent out ships that had drifted and drifted and Mover camo to port; and if these poor toys wero to him types of his own losses, ' I would liko to know that man's story,' I said, half aloud, halting in one of thoso winding paths' which branch off from tbo quic(ucss vf tho pond, aud end in the rush aud tumult of Trcmont-strect. ' Would you?' repliod o voice ot' my side. I turned and faced Mr. H — r, a neighbour ofmino, who laughed heartily ot finding me talking to myself. ' Well,' ho added, rcilcet* ingly, ' I can toll you this man's story j and. it you will match tho narrative with anything aa curious I will be clad to hear it.' ' You know it then ?' ' xcs and no. I happened to bo in Paris when ho wos buried.' * Buried -? 'Well, strictly sneaking, not buriod, but something qufyo liko it. If you'vo asparo half hour,' continued my interlocutor, 'we'll sit on this bench, and I wilt tell you alt 1 1 know of un alTair thut mado' some noiso in Paris a couple years of ego, Tho gentleman himself, standing yonder, will ssrvo ns a sort of frontispiece to tlio romance— a full pag« illustration, as it wero.' Tho following pages contain tho story that Mr. H- — related to inc. Whiio ho iwns ' telling it o gentle wind arose j the miniaturo sloops drifted feebly about iho ocean i tho wret«-licdowncre flew from point (o point, as : tho deceptive breeze premised 'to waft tho harks to cither shore j the early robins I thrilled now and then from the newly fringed 1 \- ' dmej and'the old young man leaned on tho rail in thoounshine, wearily, Iiltlo dreaming that two gouips were discussing his atfiiirs within twenty yards of him, Threo people were silting inn chamber whoso ono large window overlooked tho 1'leco Yendomo. M. Dorinc, willi his back hidf turuod onj (ho other two occupants of tlio apartment was reading tho ' Monitcur,' ? pausing from tirao to timo to wipo his glasses aud tuling s:rupu!ou»ipoins not to glance towards tho louttgo at his right1, on which was seated a young ? American gentloman, whoso handtcmo face rather frankly told his ' ' ?? 'petition in ? iho family,- .Thero was not a . happier man in Paris that afternoon than -?Thilip Wontworth.- Lifo' had -becomo^sa Srecious to him that ho shrunk from looking cyoud io-dsy. What could tho futuro add , ? ? to his full licurl? ' what might it -not take ftwnv ? In certain natures tlio deepest joy has always a souiothinjs of melancholy in it, * a pmentiment, a flecting sadness.t a feeling without a name. Wuutworth was cousciuus , of this subtlo shadow that night when ho roso from tho louugc, -aod. thoughtfully held Julio's hand to hia lips beforo parting. ? A , vsrelew observer, would, not. havo thought Inlui. us lit) 'wu; ,-thff happiest i man iu ' PonsI v ' ?. M. Dorino laid down lua paper and camo / forward. ?' If thehouse,' ho said, 'is such uAI. Murliii dceeribca if, I advuo you to eloso with him at onoo. ' I would accompany you, PliUlip, but tho truth is, lam too sadat losing this littlo bird to assist you in select ing a cago for her. Remember tho last train for town leaves at five. So sure not to miss it, for wo havo' seats for M. Sardon's now comedy to-morrow night. By to-morrow night,' ho added laughingly, ' littlo Julio hero will be an old lady— 'tis such an ogo from now until then.' Tho noxt morning tho train boro 'Philip to ono of tho loveliest spots within thirty miles of Paris. An hour's walk through green lanes brought him to M. Martin's estate. In a kind of dream tho young man wandered from room to room, inspected the conservatory, tbo stables, tho lawns, tho strip of woodland through which a merry brook sang to itself continually j and, after dining with M. Martin completed tho purchase, and turned his steps towards tho station, jast in timo to catch tho express train. As Paris stretched out beforo htm, with its million lights twinkling in the early dusk, and its sharp spires hero And thero pricking tho sky, it seemed to Philip as if years had elapsed since ho left tho city. On reaching Paris ho drovo to his hotol, where ho found several letters lying on tho table. He did not trouble himself oven to glanco at their super scriptioDS as ho throw abide his travelling ! surtout for a moro appropriate dress. I It, in his impatience to see Mademoiselle I Dorine, tho cars had appeared to walk, (ho ! Caere which ho had secured at tho station appeared to crccp. At last it turnod into tho Placo Yendomo, and drew up beforo M. Sorino's residence. Tho door opened as Philip's foot touched (ho first step. TJioscr vant silently took his cloak and hat, with a special deference, Philip thought; but was lie not now one of tho family P ' M. Dorinc,' said tlio servant Blowly, ' is unable to sco Monsieur at present. Ilo withes Monsieur to bo shown up to tho salon.' ' Is Made moiselle--' 'Yes, Monsieur.'' AIouo?' 'Alone, Monsieur,' repeated tho man, look ing curiously at Philip, who could scarcely reprcrs an exclamation of pleasure. It was tho ilrst timo thnt such a prlvilcgo had been accorded him. His interviews with Julie had always taken placo in tho presence of M. Dorino, or some member of tho house hold. A well-bred Parisian girl has hut n formal a-vjuai'ntarien with her Jovcr. Philip did not linger on the staircoso ; bis heart sang in hia bosom aa ho ilew up tho steps two at » time. Ah! this wine of nir which ono drinks at twonly, and seldom after I Uo hastened through tho softly lighted hall, in which ho delected tho faint scent ? of her fuvourito {lowers, and stealthily opened tho door of tho salon. Tho room was.darkcncd, Underneath tho chandelier stood a slim black casket on tres tles. A lighted candle, a crucifix; and somo whito flowers wero on a tablo closo by. Julie Dorino was dead. When M. Dorino heard (he iiidcscribablo cry (hat 'rang through tbo silent house, he hurried from tho library, and found Philip standing liko a ghost in tho mid* dlo of the chamber. It was not till long eftcrwtirds that Went worth learned the details of tho calamity that had befallen him. On tho previous night Madamoiselio Dorino hod ? retired to her room in soemingly perfect health. 8bo dis missed her maid with a request to bo awakened early the next morning. At the appointed hour the girl entered tho chambor. Made moiselle Dorinc was sitting in on arm chair, apparently asleep. Tho candle had burnt down to tlio socket ; a book lay halfopcuon tho carpet at her feet. Tho girl started when she saw that tho bed had not been occupied, aud that her. mistress still woro an evcuing dress. It was not slumber. ? It was death. Two messages were at onco dcjpalclicd to Philip, ono to tho station at Q— tho other to his hotel. Tho flrst missed on tho road, (ho second ho had neglected to open.' O/i his armal ot M. Doriuos house, tbo servant, under tho supposition lhat Wcntworlh hud been advised of Mademoiselle Dorino's death, broko tho intclligenco with awkward cruelty, by showing him directly lo thosalon. Made moiiscllo Dorino'a wealth, her beauty, tho suddcnnecs of her death, and (ho romanco lhat hud in somo way attaehed iteolf to her lore far tho young American, drew crowds to witness tho fuucral ccrcmouics which took placo in tho church in tho Buo d'Agucsscau. Tho body was to bo laid in AL Dorruo's tomb in tho cemetery of Montmartro. This tomb requires a few words of des cription. First thero was a grating of fllU grancd iron ; through (his you looked into a kind of vestibule or hall at tho end of which , wo» a msssivo door of oak oponing upon a short flight of stono steps descending into 1 tho tomb. Tho vault was fifteen or twenty fect'sqaare, ingeniously ventilated from tho 1 ceiling, but unlightcd. It contained two ear. copbngi ; (ho first held (he remains of Mud* umo Dorino, long sinco dead; tbo oilier was new, und bore on ono sido the letters J. D., in monogram, interwoven with Hoursdo lis. Tho funeral train stopped at tho gate of tho small garden (hat enclosed tho placo of burial, ouly tho immediato relatives following tho bcarors into tho tomb. A slcudcr wax candfe, such as is used in Catholio churchctr, burnt at (ho foot of the uncovered surcoplm* gus, causing a dini glow over tho centre of thu updrtmi-nt, and deepening the shadows which seemed to huddlo together in Iho comers. By tho flickering light tho coilln was plaecd ' in its grariiti shell, tho hcuvy slab laid over it reverently, and (ho oaken uour revolted on its rusty hinges, shutting out tbe uncertain ray of sunshlue that had ventured to pee]) in on (ho darkness. M. Dorino, muOIcd in his cloak, threw him self on tho haek scat of his carriage, too lib. stracted in his grief to obscrvo that lio wus tho only occupant of(ho vehicle. Thero was a souudof wheels grating ou tho gravelled 1 areuuo.and then all was silence again in the cemoterr of Montmarto. At tho main eti» trance tho carriages purled company, dashing off into various streets at a puce that seemed to oxprcss a renso of relief. Tho band plays a dead march going to tho gravo, butFru Diavolo coming from it. It. is not willi tho retreating, carriages that our interest lies. Nor yet wholly ttith tho dead iu 'Iier.mys lerious droornj but with Philip' .Went* | worth, | The ral tic of wheels had died out of tho air when r tulip had opeucd his eyes, bowildcrcd, liko u man abruptly roused from slumber. Ilo raised himself ou one arm and stared into tho surrounding blackness. - Whero was hoP Iu a secoud tho truth flashed upon him. Ho had been left iu tlio tomb 1 Whilo kucel; iug ou tho furthor sido of tho stouo box, perhaps ho had fuinted, and .in tho lost solemn rites his abscuco had been un* noticed. His first emotion was ono of natural torror. But thu piissed-as quickly as it came. Life had ceased to bo so .'very' precious to him; and if it woro his fato to uio by Julla'e side, was not that - tho fulfilment of Ihe [desire which ho had expressed to himself a hundred times that moraiug ? What did it^nattor, a few years sooner' or later? Ho must lay .riowu (ho burden at last. Why not then ? A I pang of self-reproach followed tho. thought. 1 Could he so lightly throw asidotho lovo tuat had bent over his cradle P Tho sucred n&mo; of mother rose involuntarily, lohis Hps. Was is not cowardly (o yield, up without n strug gle' tho lifo which he should guard for her sako P Wus it not his duty to tho livibg aud (ho dead to faco (ho difficulties of his position oud overtomo them if it were withln human With an . organisation as delicate 'as a wouiaa's ho had that spirit which, however I sluggish in reposo, van leap with a kind of exuitafiou (o moasuro its strength - with i disaster. Tho vague fear for tho su'per*'| natural, that woultl bflect most men in a . similar! situation, found no room in his heart. 'He was simply shut in & chamber from which it was necessary he sbonld obtain releaso within a given period. That this chamber contained tno body of a woman he loved, so far from adding to tho torror of tho case, was a circumstanco from which ho drew consolation. 8he was a beautiful whito statuo now. Her soul was far hence s and if (hat puro spirit could return, would it not bo to shield him with her lovo? It was impos* siblo thnt tho placo should not engender somo thought of tho kind. Uo did not pat tho thought cutircly from him as ho roso to his fcot and stretched out his bands in tho dark* nees ; but bis mind was too healthy and practical (o iudulgo long ia such epeca* Philip chanced to havo in his pocket o box of wax-tapers which smokers ueo. After several ineffectual Attempts ho succcodcd in iguiting one against tbo dank wall, and by its momentary glaro pcrceivcd that tho candio had been left iu tbo tomb. This would servo him in examining tho fastenings of tbo vault. If ho could furco (ho inner door by any means, and reach (ho grating, of which ho had an indistinct rccollcction, ho might hope to tuako himself heard. But tho oaken door was immovable, as solid as tho wall itself, into which it fitted air- tight. Even if ho had tho rcquisito tools, thero wero no fastenings to be removed; (ho hinges wero set on the out Having ascertained (his, bo replaced tho candio on (ho floor, and loaned against tho wall thoughtfully, watching tlio bluo fan of flnmo that wavered to and i'ro, threatening to detach ^.itself from (ho wick. ' At all events,' ho thought, 'tho placo is vend* lalod.' Suddenly Phillip sprang forward aud extinguished tho light. Ilia oxistcnco depended on that candio 1 Ho had read somewhere, in somo account of shipwreck, how tho survivors had lived for dayo upon n few candles which one of tho passciigcrs had insanely thrown iuto (he long boat. Aud hero ha had been burning away hia very By tho transient illumination of ono of the (aptrs, he looked ut his watch. It had stop, ped at eleven—but at cloven that duy or on tho preceding night ? Tho funeral, ho knew, hud left the church at tcu. How many hours had passed sinco thou ? Of what duration had been his swoon t Alas 1 it was no longer possible for him td measure thoso hours which crawl liko snails by the wretched, and fly liko swallows over tho happy. Ho picked up tho candio and seated him* self on (ho stono steps. Ho was a sanguine man, (his Went worth, but, os ho weighed tho chauces of his cscapo, tho prospcct did not seem cucouraging. Of courso he would bo missed. His digappearanco under tho circum stances would surely ularm his friends; they would instigate a scarch for him ; but who would thiuk of searching for a live man iu tho ccwctcry of Moulmartro? Tho profcct of polico would' set a' hundred intelligences at wcrk to find him ; tho Seino might bo dragged, ? lea miscrablcs' turned over at tho dead house; & minute description of him would bo in overy detectivo'e pocket ; aud ho —in M. Doriuo's family tomb I Yet, on tho other hand, it was hero ho was last seen; from (his point o keen dctcctivo would naturally work up, tho case. Then, might not tho undertaker return for the candlestick, probably not left with design? Or, again, might not M. Dorino send fresh wrcathi of flowers to tako tho plaoo of those which diffused a pungent, aromatic odour throughout tho chamber P Ah I what uu» likely chances ? But if one of these thiogs did not happen speedily, it had.bnttor nuvcr happen, ilow could he keep, lifo iu him* scltV With unaccelcratcd pulso ho quietly cut thu half-burned candio iuto four equal parts. 'To-nicht.' ho meditated. 'I will cat tho first of theso purls; (o»morrow, (he second; to-morrow evening, the third; tbo next day (ho fourth, arid then— then I'll wuiti' ' He had takcu no breakfast that morning, unless a cup of cotTco can bo called a break* fust. He had nevor been very hungry before. Uo was ravenously hungry now. But he postponed tho mcul as long as practicable, it must have been midnight, according to his calculation, when ho determined to (ry (ho first of his four singular repasts. The bit of -rhito wax was tastotas ,- hut it serrod its purpose. His nppctito far tho timo appeased, ho found a now discomfort. Tho humidity of iho walls, and iho wind 'that cropt throiigh iho unseen ventilator, chilled him to tho bono, l'o keep walking was his only resource. A lort of drowsiness, too, occasionally came over iiim. It took all his will to fight it oil'. To ilecp, he felt, was to die; and ho had rnudo ' Very strongo fuucics flitted through his ncad us ho groped up and down tho stone Hour of tho dungeon, feeling his way ulong .bu wall to avoid tho sopulchres. Yoiccsthat iiad'loug been silent spoko words that had loug been forgotten ; faces ho had known in :hildhood grew palpable egaiust tho dark. Uis whole lifo iu detail was unrolled beforo liin liko a panorama ; tho ohanges of a year, irith its burden of lovo aud death, its sweets lud its bitternesses, wero epitomised in a linglo second. Tho desiro to sleep had. left jim. But the keen hunger cutuo ugaiu. J .It must bo near morning now, ? ho mused; perhaps the sun is just gilding (ha \iitttiuclca ind domes of tho city ; or, may be, a dull, drizzling rain is beating oirPuris, sobbing on those mounds abovo uie. ' Paris I it seeius liko i dream. Didl ever wulk in ils guy streets in thugoldon air? Oh, tho delight aud pain aud passion of that sweet human life! Philip becamo conscious thut (ho gloom, iho sileuco, and tho cold wero gradually con* qucriiig him. The feverish activity of his brain brought ou a reaction.. Ho grow lethargic, hosauk dowu on tho steps, aud thought of nothing. Uis hand fell by chonco on ono of tho pieces of cuhdloi. ho grasped aud devoured it mechanically. This revived him. ' How slraugo,' lie thought, 41 thut I am uot thirty, 2s it posslblo that tho dump* ncesof tho walls, which 1 must inhale with overy breath, hus supplied (ho need of water? Not u dr6p has passed my lips for two days,' and still 1 expcricnco uo thirst. Thut drow siness, thank Hcavon, has gono. I (hiuk I was never wido 'awako uutil this hour. It would bo &u; ttuodyno liko polioji that could wclgtrdown my eyelids. No doubt Ihu dread of sleep has soinctbiog to do with this. .Tho minutes wero liko hours. Now ho walked as briskly as he durcd up and dowu thotoihb; now he rested against tho door. Moro than onco ho was tempted (o throw hiuuclf upon tbo stone eoflln that held Julie, bnd 'trake no 'further ?utrugglo for his lifo. Only ono picco of candio remained. Ho had eaten tho third portiou ; not to satisfy huu* uor, hut from n precautionary motive, Uo liad takcu if as a man lakes soiuu disagree able drug upon tho result of which hangs safety. Tho (imo was rapidly upproachiag when oven this poor substitute for nourish meat would Itf exhuuzlcd. Ho 'delayed that momeut. Ho gavo hiinstdf a long fust this time. Tbo hulMnuli of caiidlq.which ho held iu Lis haud was u sacred thing to him. H was his lust dcfcnco against death. At length, with such u tanking at heart as ho had nut known beforo, ho ruis^d it to his iips. Then ho puuscd, then ho hurled the fragment across tho tomb, then the onkcu door wos flting-open,' and Philip, with das xled eyes, saw Ml Lorinu'a form sharply de fined against the blue'sky. ' . When they led hint out, half blinded, into' tho broad daylight,- M. Dorino colic-cut that Phillip's hair, which u short (imo-'sinco was as black as a crow'e wing, had actually turned grey in places. Tho man's eyes, too, had faded tuo darkness had spoiled their luitre. 41 Aud how long uaa ho -really coullued iu (ho tomb P' I-askod, as Mr. fl ? con fcladod tho slory. , 'Just ono hour and twenty minutes!' replied Mr. H ? , smiling blandly. Aa ho spoko, tho littlo sloops, with their tails all blown out liko white roses, camo floating bravely into tho port, and Philip Wontworth lounged by us, wearily, in tho pleasant April sunshine. Mr. H— -*« narrativo mado a deep im pression on mo. Hero was a man who had undergono a strango ordeal. Hero was a man whoso sufferings wero uniquo. His was no) threadbaro expcricnco. Eighty minutes had seemed liko two days (o himf If ho had really been immured two days in tho tomb, tho story, from my point of view, would havo lost its tragio element. After this it was but natural I should regard Mr. Wontworth with decponed in terest. As I met him from day to day, pass ing through tbo Common with (hut samo abstracted air, thero was something in hid loneliness which (ouchcd ate, I wondered (hat I had not before read in his palo medi* talivo faco some such sad history as Mr. H. had confided to mo. I formed tho resolution of speaking t? him, though with what pur* poso was not very dear to ray mind. One May morning wo met at tho intersection of (wo paths. Ho courteously halted to allow mo the precedence. 'Mr. Wontworth,' I began, ' Ho interrupted mo, 'My name, sir,' ho said, in an off-handed manner, 'is Jones.' 'Jo Jo Jones!' I guipcd. 'Not Jo Jones,' he returned, coldly, ' Frederick.' Mr. Jones, or whatever his namo is, will never know, unlets ho reads thceo pages, why Wentworth, ond then abruptly rushed down tho nearest path, nnd disappeared in tho crowd. Tho fuct is, I had been duped by Mr. H— . Mr. II. occasiouully contributes a story (o tho magazines. Ilo had actually tried tho effect of on? of his romances ou My hero, as I subsequently learned, is no hero at all, but a commonplace young man, who lias somo connection with tho building of that pretty grauilo bridge which will shortly span tho crooked littlo lake in tho Publio Garden. When I (hin!: of tho cool ingenuity and readiness with which Mr. 11—— built up liis airy fabric on my credulity, I am half-inclined to laugh ; though I feci not slightly irritated at having been tho unresisting victim of his Black Art. 