NEWS BY THE MAIL. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON. November 9. LORD MAYOR'S DAY ! But its former glories are departed. The pageant has this year been greatly curtailed, and all the "symbolism" eradicated. No more the "men in armour," covered cap a pie with tin-foil suits from Astley's Theatre, with difficulty preserve their centres of gravity in the unaccustomed pigs' skin, and the boys of London are proportionally disappointed. All betokens coming ohange. It is not the procession alone, but the Corporation itself that must be reformed. The cry for the better government of this great metropolis has been of late very loudly heard - the vestries are miserably inefficient, and it is absolutely necessary that the powers of the various bodies who now rule by piecemeal should be consolidated. The outgoing Mayor, Alderman Phillips, a gentleman of the Jewish persuasion, has filled the office to admiration; not only giving good dinners, which any rich man can do with the aid of his cook, but making good speeches after them -- both witty and poetical -- which very few men can do. The new Lord Mayor is Alderman Gabriel, an unknown body. The municipal elections throughout the towns of England still excite a great deal of feeling, and party politics we imported into them to a yery large extent. This year, for the first time, the Town Coun- cillors who may be chosen are not required to take an oath that they will do nothing by virtue of their office or in their official capacity to injure the Church of England: This declaration has been repealed by the pertinacity of Mr. Hadfield, a zealous Dissenting member of the Lower House, who passed a bill for its repeal through the House of Commons seven times before the Peers would accept it. Cabinet Councils are held daily. The Conservative Ministry are hard at work on their measures for the coming session. It is not however Keform, but the Army Estimatos that now holds the Cabinet in debate. The Recruiting Commission has reported that a new method of recruiting is absolutely necessary to keep up the army to even its present state of efficiency, and the Times is crying out for the adoption of the Prussian system of mili- tary organization ; General Peel therefore insists on a large increase in the estimates, in order to maintain the efficiency of the services. But Mr. Disraeli, being Chan- cellor of the Exchequer, is only concerned to have a popular budget, and he will hear of no augmentation. No one, however, hints at any rupture. The party is too well organised for that. Mr. Bright has been to Ireland, and his speeches there have excited great attention. It was an unheard of thing for an English- man to get a hearing on politics in Ireland, but Mr. Bright was received with the ut- most enthusiasm by the Irish liberals, and the whole Catholic hierarchy joined in ex- pressing their "admiration for the honest advooate of justice for Ireland." In the public meeting of working men, however, which Mr. Bright addressed, there was a strong exhibition of Fenianism and unquenchable hate to England displayed itself. Mr. Bright's remedies for "Irish wrongs " are abolition of the Irish Church and tenant right. He also proposes that the English Government should become a great Land Society, to buy np the estates of the absentee proprietors, and sell them again to any of the tenants who can buy up the farms they occupy. Thus he hopes to create a middle class. He went to see Archbishop Cullen, just as Mr. Gladstone has been to see the Pope and Cardinal Autonelli, and ominous indeed does the conjunction appear to some good people who have very decided notions about Anti- christ. There have been many changes in the law oourts lately. Lord Justice Bruce, one of the most accomplished judges on the Bench, resigned his post only three weeks ago, and died yesterday. His place has been filled by Sir Hugh Cairns, the Attor- ney-General, a most able man, who might have aspired to tho woolsack, and was of incalculable service to his party in the House of Commons ; but his health was poor, and. he preferred the ease of the Bench. Chief Justice Erle, too, the best lawyer of the whole twelve judges, is, it is said, about to retire ; and he will be suc- ceeded by Sir Wm., Bovill, the present Solicitor-General. Some very young and unknown men will thus be brought into prominence by these promotions. For instance, Mr. Huddleston, who a few years ago was usher in a country school, is talked of for the Solicitor-Generalship. Bishop Colenso has been confirmed in the temporalities of his office by an import- ant judgment in the Boll's Office, this week. The trustees of the Colonial Bishoprics Fund refused to pay him his salary, and he instituted a suit to compel them. They argued that being deposed by his metropolitan, and by the last judg- ment of the Privy Council deprived of his status as an English Bishop, he was in fact no bishop at all. Lord Romilly, however, decided that as long as he held the patent from the Crown, he was as much a bishop as the primate himself; being in a colony governed by its own legislature he could not make ecclesiastical courts, and enforce his decisions in them,-he must have recourse to the common tribunals of the country. In all other respects he was on the same footing as the English bishops, and everybody who wished to be in com- munion with the Church of England in Natal must own Dr. Colenso as his bishop. He therefore ordered his salary to be paid, and condemned the trustees to pay the costs of the suit. Of course, Dr. Colenso might be prosecuted and deposed for heresy, but his brother bishops do not seem to like the idea of trying such an issue. A new version of "Faust" has been brought out at Drury Lane Theatre with great magnificence ; the witches dance is put upon the stage in a style never before attempted ; indeed this part of the drama is seldom attempted at all. The Times has once more ohanged its tone on American affairs, and is now going with the Bepublican party, advising Mr. johnson to acceptthe Constitutional amend- ment, and pressing our own Government to settle the Alabama claims. It is thought that Lord Stanley will endeavour to do this. All Europe is impatiently awaiting the 4th of December, when the French troops are to leave Rome. The Pope waits at the Vatican, undecided what to do. A fright- ful revolution is imminent in Spain. November 26. The great fall of meteors on the night of the 13th instant has made a pleasant interlude in the political and ecclesiastical controversies by which our social air is disturbed. The astronomers so confidently predicted that on the 12th or 13th the earth in its orbit would pass through the meteoric belt which is supposed, like our- selves, to be constantly circling the sun, and they assured us that this was an op- portunity for witnessing so grand a display of "celestial fireworks" as would not be seen again for 33 years, that large num- bers of people banished sleep for that night. On the 12th we had nothing but clouds and rain, but the evening of the 13th was brilliantly clear, excepting in a few places on the western coast of England. The moon went down early, and the wonderful sight was observed under the most favor- able conditions-deeply do the sceptics who went sneeringly to bed and slept and snored till morning now lament their un- belief. Just as the scientific men had foretold, scarcely a shooting star was seen till after midnight, when they began to appear in great numbers, and continued to multiply till the heavens were literally alive with them. The greatest number were seen between 1 p.m. and 1.20 p.m. As many as a hundred being counted in a minute. Some were of great brilliancy, and the trains of light which marked their course were fairly visible for a minute or two after the nucleus itself had disappeared. At one observatory 7000 were counted, but for a few minutes they were so numer- ous that all counting was impossible. Next day the newspapers could talk of nothing but the meteors. The Times had a page of popular scientific talk about them, with hosts of letters from peoplo describing their impressions. The " pen- nies" were amazingly exalted and poetic in their style, especially the Daily Tele- graph, which particularly affects florid writing, because it finds it suits the public taste. The more bombastic and high sounding their leaders, the better the paper sells. It described the meteors after this fashion : " They looked like no earthly fireworks, but rather resembled silver birds wending their way to some mysterious star-heronry in the fir- mament j or, if not birds, then the forehead- planets of angels and archangels, summoned in splendid cohorts, &c.; * * * One ball of white fire, without the spangles, seemed bent on plunging into the midriff of Orion, or knocking a star clean off the Great Bear's muzzle, while now and again there would be lines without balls at all, and faint distant gleams and dim things of glory, like the ghosts of illumi- nated clouds." And so on to any extent. The stock of metaphors on hand at the Telegraph office is practically unlimited. On Monday, Mr. Arthur Kavanagh was elected member for Wexford county, beating Mr. Pope Hennessy, the young Tory Catholic barrister, who used to be the link between the Conservatives and the Pope's brass band, by a large majority. Mr. Kavanagh is descended from an ancient Irish family, and has a good patri- mony, but it was his misfortune to be born without feet or hands-indeed he has but very short stumps in the place of either of his four limbs. He has a hand- some face and robust body, with what is still more to the purpose, he has a quick and powerful mind, which has enabled him in a most wonderful manner to triumph over his sad physical disadvantages. He writes beautifully with his pen in his mouth, ho is a good shot, a fair draftsman, and a dashing huntsman. He sits on horseback in a kind of saddle basket, and rides with great fearlessness. He lately wrote and published a lively and smart book called "The Cruise of the Eva." He has married a lady of beauty, and has a large family of handsome children. He is about forty years of age, exceedingly popular in all the country round, and has now been elected a member of Parliament by the acclaim of his neighbors. He will make a sensation in the House of Com- mons ; but how much better this than the doings of the Irish over the water. In New York they have just returned one John Morissey to Congress, a ruffianly gambler and blackleg, who has been in prison repeatedly - a convict, punished for all manner of offences. The Fenians have not given up their mad and wicked designs. Stevens lately told his followers, in America, that Ireland would be free before the 1st of January; and on Wednesday two boxes filled with rifles and bullet moulds were seized on a steamer going from Liverpool to Cork. On Thursday, other seizures were made at Limerick, and ex- tensive stores of arms have been dis- covered. JArrests also are beginning again, and the turmoil is renewed. The authorship of the celebrated book entitled " Ecce Homo " has now been traced to Professor Seiley, who occupies the Latin chair at the London University College, and is the son of Mr. Seiley, the well-known Evangelical publisher, and is himself a.thoroughly Christian man ; yet it was of his volume that Lord Shaftes bury said it was " the vilest book ever vomited from the mouth of hell." The Pope has put it in the Index Expúrgalo rius along with Dr. Pusey's " Eirenicon." There is a great stir at University Col- lege just now, because the council have refused to appoint the Rev. James Mar tineau, the celebrated Unitarian Minister, to the Professorship of Mental Philosophy. While Cambridge University has just ap- pointed the Rev. Frederick Maurice to a similar chair, it is thought very illiberal of -the University College to reject Mr. Mar tineau, whose brilliant talents would have lent some prestige to the University. If the trial of Ex-Governor Eyre over gets fairly under weigh, it will occasion immense excitement. The news that the Jamaica Grand Jury have ignored the bill against Ramsay, the Provost-Marshal who hung a negro for grinding his teeth while under the lash, has intensified the resolu- tion to punish some of those engaged in suppressing the outbreak. Lieutenant Brand, who presided over the Court Martial at Morant Bay, which hung Gordon and 188 other persons, has already brought punishment upon himself. He wrote a most impudent letter to Mr. Charles Bux- ton, M.P., who has taken a leading part in this business, accusing hita oí telling " wicked and malicious lies," and of " damned cowardioe." He challenged him to fight, and wound up by thanking heaven that " Buxton and Co. were not his mas- ters; we have a new Admiralty, my friend." His expectation of comfort and safety from " a new Admiralty" have, however, proved delusive. As soon as Mr. Buxton had published his letter, the Admiralty sent directions to the Commo- dore on the station to supersede Lieutenant Brand, " for conduct unbecoming an officer and a gentleman." The agitation for Reform on one hand, aud against Ritualism on the other, con- tinue lively. The Reformers have had a conference at Manchester, at which there seemed to be a disposition to go in for Household Suffrage. We are wondering here in London what is to happen next Monday, when the Trades Unions are to make a demonstration. It is said that 200,000 men will walk the streets in pro- cession, and many people fear a repetition of the Hyde Park rioting, but the good sense of both the authorities and people may be trusted to avoid mischief. 