AQUATICS. YACHTING AND ROWING ITEMS. (Zo the Editors of Bell's Life in Sydney.) Gentlemen,-l'hero is'little interest to communicate respecting nematic mnttcrs this weet. The opening day of the Prince Alfred Yacht Club has been postponed indefinitely. Green's friends, instead of mnking a match with Hickey on Tuesday last, as dial longed, advertise that they will do so on Saturday (this day), but ns Hickey very proporly will not row Green under £200 aside, I doubt whether nnothcr raeo will tako placo between tho men, and tho proceedings of Green's friends are morely actuated by a desire to ob- struct Hickey's going to England. Tho previous protests cntored against Hickey in tho last match, wore, as might have been expected, not entertained by tho Referee or Stakeholder, especially as the former hod been requested by Green's TJmpiro at the termination of the race, on board tho Sir John Young, to pay over tho bet tho latter had made on Greon to tho porson who had booked Hiokoy; nothing about a protest being heard of at that time. Bcforo Green's friends are so ill-advised as to sue the stakeholder,"I would recommend thom to read tho decisions. in .tho cases of Mulhall v. M'Grath in tho District Court, and Hogan y. Curtis in tho Supreme Court. If Green wishes to have another match to attract any interest, ho ought to accopt Richard nickey's challenge to row liim £100 aside, either in skiffs or outriggers, as anybody that has seen tho nine races in which tho Champion and ex-Champion havo met, must bo satisfied ' that Green has not tho ghost of a chanco with tho New- I castle man. J Tho Doublo Bay residents intend . holding their . Regatta on Boxing Bay this year, as tho Woolloomooloo Regatta has fallen through from want of proper support from tho public ; a committee has been appointed, con- sisting of a largo number of gontlemon who tako on intorest in yachting matters, and I th er of or o antioipato that tho Doublo Bay Amateur Regatta will bo one of tho most successful of tho season. r WEATHER-GAGE. 