EW WESLEYAN CHAPEL, WAL LAROO MINES. Oil Monday; 4th instant, the foundation stone of a new Wesleyan Chapel was laid at Wallaroo mines. Long before the time for commencing a large number of persons aasembledafc the appointed place. At half past three precisely/the Rev. G. W. Patch ell gave out the 737th hymn, which was heartily sung by the large congregation. Then the Rev. John Greer read the 132nd Psalm, and Dr Wilkinson engaged in prayer. After prkyer, the Rev. G. W. Patchell ^fnnounced that the bottle which was about to be placid under the foundation-stone, con-. tained a copy of the * South Australian Maga- | j?ine/ a copy of the Wallaroo Times, a Plan of the Circuit, ; the current coin of the realm, and the following record, neatly written on parchment :—" The foundation-stone of this Wesleyan Me.thodist Church, Wallaroo Mines, was laid by Mrs Patchell -(wife of the Rev. G. W J Patchelljon the fourth day of February, 1867, feeing the thirtieth year of the reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria; Sir Dominic Daly Governor of South Aus tralia ; the Rev. Hdnry H. Gaud, President of the Wesleyan Methodist Australasian Con ference ; Rev. John Watsford Chairman of the South Australian District, Rev. G. W. Patchell Superintendent, of the Wallaroo Ciicuit,with Rev. John Greer as his colleague 3 Messrs Jolly and Dr Wilkinson Circuit Stewards; Mr George Truscott Treasurer, and Mr Tippett Secretary of Trustees.—God save the Queen P After the reading of this record, the Treasurer presented Mrs Patchell with a nicely-executed copper trowel, on which was the inscription :—'* Presented to Mrs Patchell by the trustees of the Wesieyaa Chapel, Wallaroo Mines, on the occasion of her laying the foundation-stone of their new chapel." Mrs Patchell then took a portion of the mortar, and soon had the stone laid in its destined place. Then the Secretary handed Mrs Patchell a beautiful cedar mallet* and baying.received it she turned to the assembly and said-—4* My dear Christian friends, it gives me great,pleasure to be here to day. I con gratulate you on your prosperity, and thank you for the honor you have conferred upon jmo. X now lay this stone (striking it three times with the mallet) in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost; ^nd I pray God that the house to be erected Fonthis foundation may be the birth -place of thousands upon thousand of tuuis. Amen." j||jpje Rev. G, W. Patchell then delivered an address, in whichhe reviewed the dark ages; the parents, training, education and conver sion of Rev. John Wesley ; the Vise and extension of Methodism^ and its present pros perous condition on every continent and many of the islands of the globe. He read the rules 4of t&e; Society, and referred to the doctrines which would be preached in their new chapel, entering'particularly into the great object of the Wesleyaii ministry, the turning of men from sin to heliness, from Satan to God. He further explained the state of this circuit, showing that there are four large chapels, atone buildings, and soon there would be a fifth ; that there are nearly 500 members in joeiety ;• 2,000 hearers, and more than 700 children in Sabbath schools. He closed his address by stating that, notwithstanding alt which may be said or written against them, they were what they have always been—14 The friends of all—the enemies of none." The trustees returned their hearty thanks to Captain Dunstao, of Wallaroo Mines, for all hit* kind attentions in the matter, and also to Captain Jones, of the Smelting Works, for the copper trowel with which he gratuitously presented them. At 5 o'clock there was a public tea in the old chapel, at which the ladies efficiently pre eidfed^-all were well satisfied. At 7 o'clock a*public meeting was held, in .which Br #IIkinspn; and Revd. ^obn Greer delivered instructive and effective speeches. Votes of thanks were unanimously passed to the band, the ladies, the chairman, and to all who had assisted in these interesting services, i The amount realized at these services, with the previous subscriptions, including Mrs Patch ell's donation of £5 at the foundation stone, was £138. 