MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. A MEETING of the Municipal Council of Sydney will be held, this afternoon, at the Town Hall, Wynyard-square, at 3 o'clock, for considering the following notice of motion By Alderman Steel That the thanks of this Council be conveyed to John Stilton, Esquire, for his zealous and efficient services as M to or of Sydney, during the year 1856. By Alderman Oatley) sailed tins report of the Finance Committee, received this day, recommending the payment of sundry accounts, be adopted That in the opinion of this Council the portion of the war those of the Omnibus and Hackney Carriage By-laws, regulating the interior height of the vehicle should not, for the past year, be made applicable to vehicles which were licensed during the year SOd, but little It should be strictly enforced after He execution of the present j us, That the report of the 1 in the Committee, steamer this day, recommending the acceptance of the undermentioned tenders for work and for the supply of Mores, xc, manner! during the year 1907, be adopted. Coal for Botany) water works, Osborne Wallsend Company: statutory, John came; pt Irvine, Joseph Cook and Co A general castings, 'Taylor and Wearing; removal of night soil, Henry Coleman; lightning metal from Pennant Hills, John Lord; thinning, winding, and repairing all) clocks, C. uni C Put; 1 lying Digging, John Millett; dealing with colonial ghost lies, Enoch 1 officer; stoneware. invite visiting horsemen--, in GRh Fon f r ; stoneware drain pipes, French towns; sue t watering hydrants, J. Marshall; of Mr pots and Hunter 1'. N. Hassell and Co.; water locks and many, times 11 illida), watering sought for horse-, 15. T. Russell and Co. DyAldirnnuCaraher: That for the future all premises occupied as Personages and built upon Church land be exempt from the payment of water rates. By Alderman Kenny. Put in accordance with the re commendation of the By-Laws Committee, the public stand for hackney carriages and cabs, in Castlereagh-st. -it North, alongside the wall of the bed icior-Oincr.il's odin-, be« and Un. turn is hereby abolished and in lieu tin of, a stand for ten wish to be appointed on the west side of Castlereagh-street, between Bride street and Macquarie-place. By Alderman Macintosh That the report of the VVa'ir Coal miller, received on the 1st October In, recommending that l inch watermain be laid on the last six Road, Redfern, berne n Marian and Boundary Streets, at a cost of 1933, In. adopted. That the report of the Water Committee, received on the 13. October last, recommending that a -4-inch watermain be laid for SOOjuids along the Pyrmont Bridge Company's Kurri, Front (by Git be Head, at a cost of £170, be adopted. By Alderman Kippax That the- repent of the Water Committee, received on the 1st October, recommending that a water main be laid In Albert-street, Redfern, at a cost not exceeding £10), be adopted That in consequence of the party who" interior rebuilding the nail in Hill-street lining failed to complete his contract, fresh tenders- for four 5 or be uiwHd. By Alderman Sutherland : that the a pint of the Water Com- killing-, received on the 1st october, recommending Hut a baker shall he laid in Cow pu, Christie, Blair, and Stephen,' streets, (Glebe, at a cost not t.\cieiling£lsO, be adapted. B Alderman Murphy selling the report of the Water Committee, received this day, iico.Miiuntling Hut the watermains, Dixon-street be a Mended towards Hay- street, at a cost of Mt be adopted. 2" By Alderman Woods That a ram not exceeding £33!) no place that the dissent of the Water Committee for the purpose ca- pí securing information as to the best means of obtaining more per ii um nt and inert used supply of water for the City and suburbs, and that the committee be instructed to report on the matter was the Council as soon as possible. I'll MU in, pianoforte, carnage hat ne! s, hooded buggy, c We- are admitted by Messrs. Bradley, Newton, and Lamb v dirittullcnuontuthtirunrcsinedsulc. this day, at InOicroouM 139, George-street, commencing at 11 o'clock. Au. 