EPITOME^ OF NEWS. Two-Midb Rusn neah Mpdoee.— -Wbilo on tho subject of theso diggings, wo may ro mark that tbo reports In town aro not so fa vourable, It may be said that not abovo 40 or 50 claims aro really on payablo gold at present, and tho ground is turning out re markably patchy. It is said that a remune rative claim was struck about a mile from tho present workings, and thcro is no doubt of tho fact i but wo adviso no man who exDccts to mako moro than wages to try the field with present prospects. Things, at prceont,.are in a most unsettled state, and tho majority of miners are waiting moro to sco tho results of tho labour of others, than doing much them solves.— Mudgoo paper, July 5. Wbeck xeab Lake Macquabie. — la a previous issuo wo briefly mentioned that a schooner was ashore between Bird Island and Lako Macquario. Wo have now to re port that tho stranded vessel was tho Catho riuo Hill. The schooner went ashoro on Fri day, 21st June, 'and, as will be seen below, two of tho crew were lost in tho act of beach ing her. Thcro wcro six persons on board altogether at tho timo of tho wreck, viz., Cap tain Hill, the owner ; Captain Crowly, mas ter; Mr. Haywood, mate; James Hunter, John During, cook, and another seaman, whoso namo Captain Crowly docs not ro member. Tho Catherino Hill was laden with 30.000 foot of pin.» ond Avut Oiu ItlvU mond Hirer, and experienced somo terrific weather beforo going ashore,— Newcastle Chronicle, July 3rd. A Plcckv Wohax.— Tbo MTror Times gives tho following as an iustanco of the right woman being in the right place ' Ono day last week a eouplo of loafers wont to tho store of Mr*. Tooborac. Ono of them went inside, and after getting served with several ; articles, ho was going to tako thorn out with- ' out paying for them. Mrs. Lewis, suspccting j that ho aid not intend to pay for tho goods, j told him to leave tho things till he paid for them. Ho wanted to go to his ma4o far mouoy , but would not leave tho goods. Mrs. Lewis went to tho door and took a pistol, but tho cap fell oiT, end the fellow seeing this, mado a bolt out, and away tho pair of mean scamps went. Mrs. Lewis procured another pistol and givo chase, and when sho thought her encmicB within rango eho let ily a shot at them, but missed tho vagabonds. To those who do not know tho placo kept br Mrs. Lewis, it may appear that sho acted rather rashly in firing at tho scoundrels ; but her Btoro is situated in a lonely spot, too far from neighbours to Iook Tor prompt assistance, and being alone, her ouly safeguard is a reputa tion for a determination to protect herself against such customers as aro too often found in tho colony ready to tako a mean advantngo of an apparently uuprstcctcd woman.' Mining Pursuits.— We are informed that a number of miners are at work in the Jin- gera locality, and making handsome wages— from £4 to £5 per week. Our informant also tells us that the prospecting party engaged between Colinton and Micalago have struck on a very rich quartz reef— he having been present whilst the party made two blasts in the reef, and states that from what he saw of the stone there is every prospect of it being of a most payable character. The prospect- ing party however, are not in possession of the pocuniury means to enable thorn to com mcuco reefing operations immediately, uud aro now engaged in some adjacsut locality ou aliuriul sinking, in ordor to procure tho ne cessary funds. On Monday last wo saw an excellent sample of gold— nino ouuccs or up wards— procured at tho Eucumbenc. Thero caunot bo the slightest doubt but thut, with properly equipped prospecting parties, tho Monaro district would prove to bo of a high ly payablo auriferous nature.— Monaro Mer cury, July 4. A couuEsroNDBJfT at the Rosewood dig gings writes as follows ' These diggings have been progressing but slowly. The diggers havo coufmcd themselves to ravines utid Hats, ! without good results, only in a fowiustnuccs, 1 which has disheartened many, who could not staud it longer — until within tho last ton days I tlmt Mr. Brady has opcued up ono of tho I richest fields (so far as prospccts for ono week ' have gone) that has ever been opened iu Queensland, in tho ereek, close to where ho picked up the half-pound nugget from tho surface, 1 saw 'him wush two ounces this morning, from six buckets of dirt taken six inches from tho surfacc — a very beautiful samplo of very coarso gold ; also, a party of three yottug men, on tho prospectors' bound ary, washed out scroti aud a half ounces in threo days i also, three of another party, iu four days made four and a halfounccs, the largest nugget weighing tiro and a half ouuccs. This is far tho best show of gold I havo Been einco I left- Bullarat, and Mr. Brady it oftho opinion that tho whole of tho crcok for miles is oxcccdinly rich, particularly in the bars, of which thero are thousands,' (tho creek being a very long one, say fifteen miles.) A number of claims havo been opened, and tho prospects havo been very en couraging; also, many ravines leading into it aro bciug worked with good results.— 1 Rockhampton Bulletin,' July 2nd. Wateu to Dace Runs.— Mr. Joscphson, a Riverine squatter, is obout to couvey water to tho Lack of his ruu at Yaoda by means of on iron pipo supplied by a steam pumping engine, and having a length of eight or ten miles.— Australasian, July 0. Diqoinos IK Qpbenslano.— Tho diggers at tho rush near Langmorn Station, now number about .£50, all, wo aro informed, making tho work pay. Tho gold is of a coarso, nuggotty description, and tho sinking is not moro than eight feet. It is said that thoro aro indications of a deep lead being struck. Melbodbne, Friday, July C.— At the Flood Relief meeting lield to-day, £G27 was subscribed. — A singular discovery of 350 sovereigns has beon mado by threo boys iu Emerald Hill Swamp. It is reported that tho coin is blackened and tarnished,— Gavin G. Brown, broker, is insolvent j lia bilities, £18,000} asse's, £15,000.— S. M. Herald, July 0. Pebskvebancb.— A rcmarkablo instanco of ingenuity aud porsevcranco overcoming what would seem to bo an insurmouutablo diffi culty is reported by a country paper. It seems that an old resident of Ilavclock, who has been blind for many years, has completed u plow aud harrow of his own workmanship, although ho had never learned tho trade. Somo time ago, when on a visit to Marybo rough , ho was taken to some placo where a new ten-guinea plough was lying for inspec tion, and from carefully fueling it all over, tho idea struck him to try and mako ono like it, which ho has douo ; aud with tho aid of a boy to lead tho horses, ho has actually jfloughed several ijcrcs of land^ Wo may adtl that a largo paddock has also been fcliced iu by tho energetic old man, now over sixty years of age.— Australasian, July 0. SlBAXOEBS IN TBE HoC3E.— TllO follow ing is tho exordium of tbo speech in tho courso of delivery, yesterday, in tho Legis lative Asscmby, when Mr. Windeycr di rected tho attention of Mr. Speaker to 'Strangers in tho House.' 'Mr. Speaker, tho hon. member for Ceutral Cumberland has got so iufutuatcd that ho barks at any bite, and shows his noso at anything liko a ghost. It is a most remarkable thing, Mr. Speaker, that tho hon. inombcr is not to bo hold. You can't get him at anything. What am I to do ? I ani a Government supporter because, forsooth, 1 ask you, knowing tho stato in which you havo been sweated thcro, in that chair, and seeing the way they aro going on with him ! I rcspoct you. I will not seo you murdcrod. But liero it is; because, forsooth, I ask a question ho turns rouud and says, I'm ono of tho Government rags ; ono of tbo Govern ment tripe covcs— bullock and lights, or any thing clso. Ho wants to makeamuss of muck of my name. I don't caro fortho Government or him. I am such a sort of infatuated fool I don't caro for myself or anybody else. In this question I was not advised nor was I re quested by tho Government to take tho ques tion of tho vacant House or tho want of mem. bors, but whon I sco a man liko that is, that wants to havo his eyo teeth drawn out or cut out, or something else, and put into a stato of being civilised, or something of this kind. why, any hon. member as feels hi* dignity hurt by tho way in which this man is runuing down, goring and running in— fino thorough bred— wo aro obliged to put him out— obliged to do it, and I tluuk I am doing my duty in just stopping his gab. Tho hon. member who moved tho motion : thero is no membor in this House, Sir. Speaker so fond, I believe, of himself as ho is. Ho kuows it ; and I ao cuso him although ho is tho Government out sido man. But still what docs ho want to do with tho QovAhor? Leavo him alone. Leavo Sir John alouc. Why, bless my soul I He's got a card or somebody olso has to a feed. Anybody that'll giro a feed, leavo him alono —that's what I say. But theso people who used to bo, John knows where— (its very well for him to gammon to bo asleep) they novcr used to glvo a feed. You know that, Mr. Speaker, as well as I do.' Tho reporters aud other ' strangers' wcro hero ordered to with draw, und, tho Noachian operation haviug been performed, in regard to tho hon. mem. ber s oratory, his stylo of speaking was called iu question, whereupon it is said that tho re moustrant was threatened with tho vigorous application of a oig Tho ' Sydney Times,' a p^or startod as a weekly publication somo week* ago, has merged luto a bi-wcokly, tho price stilfroiaaSu ing ut ono penny. Tho editor, iu to-day's issuo, expresses himself hopefullv of the prospccts ofhis journal, and as tho paper is ! well got up, and tho prico charged almost nomiuat, it ought to do well, especially as it has passed through tho ordeal of tho do pressed times. Tho Rokowood correspondent of the Goe long Register, after rcferriug to comments which have beon mad o upon tho alleged dis covery of 'a mino of amber,' quotes tho writton opinion of a professional miueralogist ofBallarat, as follows 'Tho resinous sub stance left with mo for examination is un doubtedly amber, and has not previously, to my knowledgo, boon found in this colony ; making, theroforo, another addition to our colonial minerals. Tho colour of tho said substauco is brown, streaked yellowish white, transparent, conchoidal fracturc, lustro waxy. Specific gravity 1*1. Acquires rcsluous elec tricity by friction i contains ompyroumatio oil aud aucciuio acid, aud corresponds in all other respects with tho brown ainbor of Europe. Sigucd, A. T. Abel.' Tho mine, at which men aro now employed, is situutcd at Grass? Gully, about eight miles from Rokc wood, in tho direction of tho Mouut Misory ranges, Victoria.—' Wo wrote to you somo time ago, stating that bailiffs hud taken possessiou of tho Co-opcrutiro Colliery at Wallsoud, ou account of somo parties in Sydney, and to-day wo learn that Messrs. Luidloy, Ireland uud Co., havo taken full possession, and that licucoforth tho term Co-operative Colliery is u misnomer, as it has passed out of tho hands of tlio ubovo owners, aud gone iuto tho huuds of capitalists.— Correspondent, Nowcas tlo Chrouiclo, July 4. 