TnERE is no doubt that Sir John Paking tox's highly respectable friend, tho Yorkshire gentleman, ' still in good Tigor,' had formed a very fair opinion of his nephew, ' Young Childers, in Australia,' when he said, ' there was something in him.' Sir John was at that time Colonial Secretary, and therefore a good character given him by his uncle, having a seat in the House ef Com mons, might possibly be of some advantage to ' Young Childers.' There is unques ably a great deal ia him. 'Whatever else he lacks, he possesses one rare quality, which in the race of life helps a man more than any other, for by its aid one may leap fences which to others would be stumbling blocks, anJ get over ditches in which those less fortunately mouthed, ^ould. founder, In an eminent degree ' Young Childebs ' has the faculty of looking after his own interest. Beyond that, we do not remember much that was in him whilst in Victoria. Perhaps, however, his good uncle knew him better, and, with his acccustomed vigor, kept his nephew's merits constantly before a colonial Minister with places in his gift. Knowing what wo ds, and believing what we have heard on good authority, we come to the conclusion that it was only by a strong regard for what was duo to himself that Mr Childers presided at Mr Verdon's banquet. True, he waspresentas a colonist, and there is wanting just now a patriotic, en thusiastic colonist to take the position of agent. Mr CniLDEns has held the appoint ment during tho intervals when Tories were in office, and we strongly suspect a willing ness to resume liis functions. However this may be, it is quite delightful to read the laudations bestowed upon us. We do not seem to have known half our merits, and henceforth we may quote authorities so re spectable as Earl Carnarvon and Sir John Pakington in proof that we are the most estimable people on the face of the earth. In the exuberance of his heart, Sir John averred that if he and Mr Childers were locked up inaroom itwouldbefoundthatthere was not much difference between them. Animated by the generous liquor, and the sentiment of good fellowship, the company was ready to sing — And lay your disputos all aside, What nonsense is't for folks to chide For what's beon dono afore 'em ; Let Whig and Tory all agteo To drop their Whig a morum. The yenii of Victorian history, past, present and future, effected transformations as marvellous as did tho ghosts of Christmas on old Scrooge. The Victorian people will, however, bo exceedingly simple if they accept the good things said of them on this occasion for truth sober and sincere. 'Why wore not these eulogiums uttered in the House of Commons when the colony, its people, and its institutions were villified by Mr Marsh and Mr Lowe ? Can it be that Mr Verdon's personal graces and businoss talents fascinated ' my lords and ' gentlemen of Downing-street ?' Of course, it is highly gratifying to tho poli tical, friends of Mr Verdon, those who stuck to him and his colleagues when every kind of insult was showered upon them, to see him tfeis Jion,or,ed by those ^v&o; ftl'9 ffiC^stipnably tiie best judges of the fitness of men for public positions. It would surprise those who have shown him so much attention, and perhaps diminish their respect for the Vic torian people, if they were made aware of the opprobrium and insult to which he, in common with his colleagues, has been exposed. The success of his mission is a cruel wrong to the party of ' law and order.' Collins-street would have exulted in failure ; it was pre dieted, hoped and prayed for ; and Earl Carnarvon, instead of conciliating that section of the colonists, has exasperated them beyond measure. ButapartfromMrVERDON'spersonalmerits, there is a vein of diplomatic tact running tlirough the whole of this laudation. The Tories know that Mr Cardwell is in ex ceedingly bad odor, and therefore they are ready to earn a little popularity at his ex pense. Whilst striving to conciliate English reformers, thoy think it no bad thing to culti vate friendly relations with Victorian dema crats. We trust they have not stopped in this direction by decorating Mr Verdon. We strongly object to the dinner, the decoi'atitm, and the war ships being regarded as a placebo — given to us like a cake to a naughty boy as a bonus for better behavior in future. Wo concur in the remarks of tho Morning Herald, which cannot see on what principle Mr Verdon is honored and Sir Charles Dar ling disgraced. Wo have no doubt that Mr Verdon has been at considerable pains to instruct the Colonial Office as to the merits of that controversy which cost our late Governor his appointment, and has at any rate succeeded so far as to obtain for him leave to accept the gratuity offered by the Assembly. The colonists owe to Sir Charles Darling a sacred duty. To suffer him to remain in neglect and poverty would bo a scandal to the latest day of our history. Earl Carnarvon seems to have ' grinded ' up ' in Victorian history with considerable success. He knows that railways have been constructed, water supplies for great towns created, cities laid out with symmetrical regularity, and buildings of great architec tural beauty erected. That we _ have horticultural societies, agricultural, literary and other public institutions ; every thing, in fact, which marks a civilised com munity. Did it strike his Lordship that a, natural and inevitable consequence of this astonishing progress is an advance towards the end and object of true political science — tho establishment of our institutions on a basis sufficiently broad and permanent to secure to every citizen the exercise of political privileges? Htid his Lordship carried his inquiries a little further, ho might have learned that the political progress of Vic toria has kept pace with its social, and is equally commendable ; that each is a reflex of Iho other. 