T'llE IIAUNTED HiUT.-A BUSH ADVENTURIE. It was past three o'clock. fHour after hour 1 hasd been walking on tile ecemingly endless Loddon plains. Belt after belt of dark-green gloomy-looking trees was reached and passed, and still no signs of human lifo or habitations appeared. Sometimeos a mob of kangaroos would lazily hop oui of my road, and slowly disappear among the gloomy gum- trees; or a stray emu would start off; with thundering strides, making the hard dry soil ring with its foot steps. Several times I canme across some large brown snakes, which wero lying basking in tile tropical Chat; but, after quietly raising their heads and glar ing at me lor an instant, they slowly wriggled away amongst the saltbush. All animal and vegetiable life senteed prostrated by the intense heat. W\terl What would have been the value of one draught of pure coll water! How little do those who dwell among time running brooks and crystal springs of Old England know of the luxury ii a drink of clear cool water, or of the intense gratification it affolrds teo thirsty mall, under the burning sky of Australia. I repealedly chewed the leaves of timhe succulent pig's. face, but its briny juice seeimed rather to aggravate than relieve my thirst. Os, then, I must go, thlunglh every breath 1 drew was like a blast from a fur nave. the snil had sunk low in the sky, and was glowi ing blood-red through it smoky-looking haze; the distant hills were entirely hidden from view. It was evident that night was approaching faist. And such a night-ouly differing from the day in the absuence of the su11. On, thee, on! Walter Imst be fond before night, or the next day's sunl woulul probably shine uiponi a madman. ,ife and death were in the balance, and with renewed energy I hurried on. Bet after belt of timber was reached and passed; the sun halld entirely disappeared behind the gloomy, hazy curtain whicih hung suspended in the heated air. Another thick belt of trees was reached and passed, when on emerging on the openi plain, I espied a boy milinding a flck of sheep. IHow my heart beat at the sightl lurrying up to him, I pointed to iiy mouth and tried to speak, but could only utter a few unintelligible sodlls, lie ijquickly understood iae, and unstrapping ia tin lhask from; his side, he handed it to ime. Never betore or since have I tasted anything lhiclh oul cold enmpare with the luxury of that moment. It was like a draught fromn the fabled fountain of eternal yotlh, bringing lile, energy, and hope to Iay exhausted frame As soont as I could speak I eagerly asked for more. T'lhe bou then di relctd sile to an old hut, ablout is qularter of it iile frocm where w'e stood, alnd toild IriC that there was a: waterlhole close to it. Afterr thanking hinm, I was hurrying away, when ihe added, '' 1ut you will .ot stop there to-night." On my asking him why nvt? lie said that the place iwas haunted. I lauturhed. and telling the boy that ghosts wonhl n?t hurt nrt i, hlir. ried on. On reachlling the water, imy first step was ti assuage my burning thirst, and then filling nsy billy, or tin pot, 1 lit a fire and put iton, with the initentionl of ilall;ing some of the lblllllnan's snutil Iu0verage, "strlng tea." laveing doine this, I turnedt my attention to the deserted hint. It was anr old bark liut, such as may otie eecn in mInaly parts of thisicolony where timber is pl,:atn'tl. The roof was decaying; two sheets of bark from the one end had fallen in, the chimney still stood, but leaned against the endt of the bhut in a manner that threatened its speedy downfall. After examining tihe outside, I entered it througih tile open doorway. Tihe door had fallen off the hinges, and lay rotting on the floor. Tile inside seomed equally as dilapidated as tile outside. A solitary iguana opened his yellow mouth at me as I entered, but suddenly whisking his tail in the air, he disappeared in a crevice be tween two slabs. On looking round, I saw that the lut was divided into two rooms, and ill tile centre. of tile one room was a rough slab table, covered with dark stains, and marks made by some sharp instrument, such as an axe or tomalhawk. I was called fronm my observations by the sudden. boiling over of miy billy; and having made my tea, I. sat down and did fulll justice to it. Supper was over. I had eaten enough, and thel next thing necessary was sleep. So, after picking. tie tops of somie young gum-trees, and spreading thenm on a slieet of bark, I rolled myself up is my rug, and was soon fast asleep. hlow long I had slept I know notr but a bright light shining oil ny face awoke me. Fearing that tim but had caught fire somelhlow, I crept to al chlliln in the partition wall, and there was a sight that chtilled my blood witlh horror. In tile climney a fire was burning brightly, cast ing a ruddly glow tlhrough the room; and on tie. left side of tihe table lay ia woman on a stretcher, apparently aslccp; but on glancing at her prostrate figure I saw that her head was severed from her body. Uttering an exclamation of horror, I was about to rush[ into the rooms, when I caughlt sight of a man standing on the olther sidso of tile table, with an axe in one Ihanod and it butcher's knife in tile othr. III formr is even now present to my imagination. lie was shtrt and thickset; his fitee was half-hidden by a black bushy beard, above which glowed two pale phosphorescent eyes, with a fiery spark in the centro of eacll. lie turned and gazed full oni the chink through which I was looking. A cold shudder shtot. througll it, and I felt the hair rise on my head, but. I could not withdraw rmy eyes from tihe terrible fits-. cination of those glowing eyeballs. Suddenly Ire turned, ind taking up the body, ihe placed it oni tihe table; then, lifting his axe, hle chopped off an arm rand placed it on lile fire. Again lie lifted tihe axe I looked round me for some weapon ; it was evident tllhat tile mIonster had murdered the womalln and was now destroying thie proof of his crime. \Vhat couldt I do, unarmed, against such a determined rumflaun? Again I searched for a weapon, but could find none. Vainly I grasiped at the timbers of the walls; not a stick could I hldl. Suddnily a deep groan almost petrified mle withs horror. I approachlled tile chink againl, and peeping througll, I saw that the monster had rut up the body and placed it all on the tire. Standing with his back to the fire, lie was apparently warming his hands at the blaze wIhich was censure ing Iisa viorim Again that horrid groan burst fortlh, seemingly from Itim. I raised imy eyes to his fiee,. and was again transfixed by thIl:t luminous fiery gaze-again the roots of my hair bearnse rigid, anid tile cold shudder crept over ste. 11i slowly came to. the table and took up.thr e x ad knitfe- thle burn ing body still hissed and sputtered in the blaze. Nearer anld nearer lie crime, still fixing that hurrid. gaze onil me. Every muscle in my body became as rigil as marble; a ton weight seemed to press onai each of osy arrls; I strove to speok, but in vain-u my tongue stuck to the roof of nly month. Still he advanced, step by step. At last I forced out-" Ill the namlne heaven - and fell back senseless. - The sun was just peeping over the tops of the trees, the dew wuis resh on tile grass, tie laughing jackasses threw up their clumsy heads and cackled in chorus, while tihe magpies perched o tile tree tops, uttering their musical notes. The trees were covered with liquid diamuonds, which glittered and danced In the rays of the rising suni, or fell like a shnwer of pearls before the cool south wind. which came whispering and sigllins amaong tile slender tops of the young guns-trees. All animated nature seemed. to be rejoicing at the consnencenlsert of day, when I awoke with a start fromn my sleop. What had be come of the horrid sight I had seen? Was it a dream or a reality? Hastily looking into tile next room, I saw nothing but what I Ilad ioticed the previous evening. Tnere was no axe, ino knife, no fresh stains of blood-nothing tllhat would indicate tllat any one except myself had entered the sut during the night. I looked at the fireplace; the ashes lay In a hIeap on the centre of the hearth, and seerned to have been undisturbed for months. This was perplexing, but after examinoig tile place thoroughly, I carre to the conclusion thlat I mllust have beenll dreaming; so, lighting a fire in the old clumney, I began to prepare my breakfiast. A sheet of bark from a neighbouring grim-tree foromed a kneading trough, the flour and water were mixed and worked into ai damper in the regular bush style, the ashes of the fire were care' fully opened, the hearth dusted, the damper depo sited on it and covered with tire glowing etibery dust. In replacing the ashes on the top of tile damper, I saw something glitter like metal, and on picking it up, I found it was a gold ring, inscribed with the initials, L. S. Ihere seas a mystery. Whlat should bring a gold ring anongst the asells of a de sorted iut? My dreatm Ibegian to assuren tile senBI bhtnce of reality. Searching again in the ashes, I Itound furth r evidence of its horrild reality. Someo hairpins, metal buttons, hooks and eyes, pieces of calcined bonre, ad two humian teeth, partly decayed and stopped witlh gohlu, bore witness to the fatal truth of the tragedy I 1had seen acted in the night. My appetite was gone; ann rolling up my rug, I luirried otl' t to te nearest police station, where I told lmy tale, dcposi ed tihe c;lined teeth and otlhr ar ticles. and received the informnation that, twelve months previous to ny visit, ia man and womlan had bIeenr missesd from tihat ut, and had not been heard of since. I gave tile sergeant my name anti address, and lie promised to lot sie know itr he discovered anything more respecting this mys teriou ls affair; but from that day to this I have never received any information tending to explain Imy vision at the Hiaunted IInt. ST. PrTRICK. Kew. 