OOUNTRY NEWS. \ BOTHWELL. (From a Correspondent.) An entertainment of the most pleasing and highly interesting character, looking at the ex treme youthfuluess of some of the performers, and the fact that it was got up and conducted through- out entirely by a blind man (Edward Wallace), took place in the newly-erected Sunday school- room on this township, on Friday evening, the 1st inst. The entertainment in question consisted of a concert, for the most part sacred music, the programme being as follows :-1st part : Anthem, Awake ; chorus, Man the Life-boat; solo, Newton; chorus, I lovo Thee ; solo, Christ in the Garden ; duett and chorus, Angels bear me Away ; solo, Heaven is my Home ; chorus, Abide with Me ; solo, To my Mother in Heaven ; chorus, Victory; solo, The Sinner's Invitation ; chaunt, Mercies Free ; solo and chorus, A Home beyond the Tide. Interval of ten minutes. 2nd part : Anthem, Prodigal Son ; solo, The Saviour's Invitation ; chorus, Ye glorious Hosts above ; duett, The better Land ; duett aud chorus, The Land beyond the River ; chorus, The City of Light ; solo and chorus, A day's march nearer Home; chorus, Homeward Bound ; solo and chorus, A Light in the Window for Thee ! solo and chorus, Mother Kiss me in my Dream ; rounds with two, three, and four parts, Albion, Good Night ; National Anthem. The vocalists were nine in number, consisting of two young married and three single females, wives and daughters of respectable tradesmen, all of whom were nicely dressed in white, and four males, including Mr. Wallace ; all excepting the latter named, and a lad of the name of Kirby, residents on the township. The instrumental music consisted of the piano, melo dion, and harmonium played by Mr. Wallace, who accompanied the singers. To attempt minutely to expatiate on the manner in which each of the singers underwent their respective parts, presuming that I have, which I have not, sufficient critical musical acumen to do so, would, not only occupy too much of your space, but might be deemed invidious ; suffice it, therefore, to say that in the humble opinion of your cor- respondent and many others who were present, and seemed heartily to enjoy the treat, all did well ; the solos especially were well executed and with confidence, not the confidence of "bold assurance," for a more modest and correct de- portment could not have been evinced amongst any class of persons nor anywhere than there was by the performers on this occasion (of course I am speaking of the " weaker sex," as it is called), but that confidence which arises from being " up to the mark," and from the fact in this instance of having been well drilled. All but one of the female performers belong to Mr. Bigg's choir at the Wesleyau Chapel, to whom they are indebted for the cultivation of their musical talents (he has taught them to read off music), and to him they ought to be most grateful that they are thus enabled to stand up before a large audienoe and enact their parts with such correctness, and altogether in so highly creditable a manner as they did on the above occasion. And let it be borne in mind that the whole merit of the matter does not consist in the fact of these young peoplo being sufficiently well skilled and drilled so as to be able to face an audience and perform their parts with satisfac- tion, but chiefly in this, that the study of music and singing, especially sacred music, leads to the cultivation and civilisation of the mind. A celebrated Roman orator wrote :-"The good and evil in a State depend greatly on the music that is most encouraged in it. If it be too light and wanton, the people are insensibly rendered foolish and disorderly ; if, on the contrary, it be grave and masculine, they become modest by its in- fluence." " What passion cannot music raise and quell ! When Jubal struck the chorded shell, His list'ning brethren stood around, And wond'ring on their faces fell To worship that celestial sound ; Less than a God they thought there could not dwell Within the hollow of that shell, That spoke so sweetly and so well. What passion cannot music raise and quell !" DRYDEN. " Strike up, my masters, But touch the strings with a religious softness, Teach sounds to languish thro' the night's dull ear, Till melancholy start from her lazy couch, And carelessness grow convert to attention." Theobold. Wak'd from according lyres, the sweet strains flow In symphony divine; from air to air The trembling numbers fly : swift bursts away The flow of joy ; now swells the flight of praise ; Springs the shrill trump aloft ; the toiling chords Melodious labor through the flying maze ; And the deep bass his strong sounds rolls away Majestically sweet."- LANGHORNE. Just prior to the finale of God Save the Queen, Mr. Wallace expressed his thanks to the trustees for the use of the room, - for which the Warden, as one of them, subsequently responded by say- ing he was welcome, and that the performance was first-rate, - to all thoso who had kindly lent him their assistance, and to the audience for their attendance ; and then proceeded to deliver a most humorous address, which caused con- siderable laughter. He trusted that the per- formance had given satisfaction. Some of his friends, perhaps, might flatter him by telling him that it was first-rate ; some might say it was only second-rate ; and othors that it was no rate at all. It was the privilege of Englishmen to grumble, and grumble some would in spite of everything that was done to please them : they would grumble when they were young, and grumble when they were old ; they would grumble when they were warm, and grumble when they were cold ; and he fully expected this performance would be criticised, but he supposed that he was able to bear it. Amongst othor things, he drew a contrast between the church music of the present day, and that of a hundred years ago, illustrating that of the latter by specimens showing the ludicrous ideas engen- dered by the division of the words. The audience numbered about 100, Tickets were only 1s. for adults, and 6d. for children. OATLANDS ANNUAL FOOTRACES.-A mooting, is to bo hold at the 'White, Horse Inn, Oatlands, at 8 p'.m. to-day, to make the necessary arrange- ments for holding tho Oatlands annual foot- races., ) , ¡ i DEMONSTRATION AT QUEENBOROUGH.-By an advertisement which appears in another column it will be' seen that those persons who j aro in- terested in gutting up a demonstration at Queen- borough on the occasion of the visit of H.R.H. Prince' Alfred aro requested to moot at tho Clarendon Hotel, Sandy Bay, to- inorrow even- ing, at 7-30 o'clock. BRIDGEWATER PLOUOHINO MATCH.-Holiday seekers and admirers of agricultural displays should bear in mind that tho Bridgewater Ploughing Match takes placo to-day. Tho scone of opoiations is iu the immodiato vicinity of the lauding jetty. The Mayor and corporation of Hobart Towu havo boon specially invited to ' bo present, and it is understood that they will givo their attendance. The Monarch, steamer, leavos tho Hobart Town wharf at 9'30 a.m. for tho spot, and Cooloy's omnibus starts from the Albion Hotel, for the samo destination, half an hour earlier. CHANGE RINOINO.-Last ovouing tho moinbers of tho Trinity Amateur Riugiug Association rang six consecutive peals, oaoh of ono hundred and twenty changos. This creditable feat, wo are informed, has not previously boou accom plislied even by professional ringers in Australia.' iLKTTBRpostodyestordnyiiisuinciontlystampod: Dr. Coverdale, New Town. .i .BISHOP ov DUNEDIN AT A RITUALISTIO CON- FIRMATION.-A fow days ago a confirmation was hold at St. Matthias', Stoke Newington, by the Bishop of Dunedin on behalf of tho Bishop of 'London. There were about one hundred and sixty oandidntes. The Bishop told thom " that as surely as the Holy Ghost descended upon the Apostles, it would now descend upon thom, whether they willod it or not, and asked thom to think, before thoy received that gift, whethor, they wore prepared to becomo the recipients of so great aud unspeakable a blessiug."-Hackney Gazette. DOUULK SUICIDE.-An extraordinary double suicide took place at Dublin on the night of tho 17th August. A soldier of tho 69th Regiment had formed a criminal friendship with the wife of a comrade. Tho regimont wai ordered to Canada, and as tho woman was to bo loft behind, the wretched adulterers agreed to commit suicide , togothor. Accordingly thoy passed a ligature around tho woman'» nock binding it tightly round the man's chest, so that her heart lay upon hi» breast, and thou throw themselves into tho Lilley from ono of ' tho quays. Tho splash was hoard and a boat rowing to tho spot thoy were takon out very quickly ; but their shocking dosigu wa» completed, a» all ofibrta to restore vitality were iuoil'octual. 'An iuqiwst was hold on tho bodies on tho 19th, and the jury found a verdict to the effect " That tho docoased carno hy their deaths by drowning iu tho Liffuy,and from thoovfdencti "tuoy}were of opinion that the parties hod in a determined manner committed. Huioide, but there was no evidence to show in what state of mind 'they'were at the time. ' , ¡ I 