[?] jjfonday.Jhe :19Qi instant, was av&aj; **- be Inwp ?W'ipamW'iBj In the awidii M: V/eBlejan Methodisminf^uih Australia- Very imprea '#iv6 sermons faid,^)ees prewied . in. th6;present th^d on ifcfe prtiHooa Sunday, in the -morning and evening, to large staS attentive congrega tions, by. the Bev. J. Sympson, of Norwood, and the interest which all seemed . to manifest In the work that was going on -was reasonably accepted as a fair omen that on the Monday following proceedings would go off with almost more than the cob torn ary eclat. The day. proved .to be an «jc-*edinglyfav$rable one, the sun looting down from a bright and almost cloudless Ay- A: gentle breeze was felt blowing from the direction of the Far North, the temperature of which, although it told that it had travelled from far inland, was $o?t, mild, andpleasanV when com pared with' the chilly blasts which 'have lately reached us from the icy regions -in the Southern Ocear. As the hour- wEchhad been named for the laying of the foundation stone of the new chapel drew on, numbers of vehicles containing I country friends to thecausekept continually arriving, and before 3 o'clock the crowd - of - strangers and of the townspeople which had gathered together attested to the deep bold which Wesleyan Methodism' has taken in the hearts of the people. The children of the school, marshalled by the teachers, and beaded by a banner upon which was imprinted in large blue letters on a white ground, -'Thou hast given a banner to them that feared Thee that it may be displayed because of the truth,' first took up a' position upon a mound formed of the earth which had been thrown out for laying the foun dations of the uew chapel, and which commanded a good view of all that was to be done. All around . the scene was a fair one. There were multitudes of flags flying and pennons waving, which had been . suspended from the heights of every available building. The site of the pro . posed chapel is .only divided bf the width of the street from the old -one, and it is on land which has in the most generous manner been made over to the trustees by E, Clement, Esq. n. ? -II t. : ? i t ? ? ? „U„,w.T DlrUae Will 1W UscvL Ivi bUC CiCUUUU w KUW vuftjjt* taken from the quarry of Mr. Clement, 'which, in addition to a munificent donation, has also been presented to the cause by Mr. Clement. We are informed that its dimensions will be 80 feet by 50, and if so, the large area of ground which it wilt cover proves that it will be capable of seating a much larger number of persons than .the old chapeLcould do, a want which we be lieve is very much felt, as during the ministra tions of Ur. Lloyd and his assistants in ths | service of the Lord the attendance has bo much . . increased that there are at the present time 150 applications for sittings. The Bev. Mr. Wats ford, whose long, arduous, and successful labors in the cause of Methodism are well known throughout the colony,, and who is Chairman of ♦Ti« South Australian District, had been re dnested to fill the hiehlv honorable '-position ' of laying the foundation stone of the new bnilding, ?n office which to such a zealous laborer in the cause could not fail to be one capable of afford ing the highest gratification. At 3 o'clock, Mr. . Wataford, accompanied by the 'Revs. T. Lloyd, J. Sympson, Bath, J. Gordon, and other gentle men, marched to the site, at which not much less than 5G0 persons had assembled. The stone which was to be duly installed into its resting place was an immense block of slate-stone from Mr., Clement's quarry, which was suspended beneath three poles by an iron chain running through a pulley, and attached to it by a large ring which jhad been let into the stone. A cavity had been formed immediately beneath the intended rest ing place, in which was inserted a bottle con taining a copy of the Bunyip of the 17th inst. ?f the Register trad Advertiser of the 19th, some -current coins of the day, carte de visites of the ministers in connection with Wesleyan Me thodism' present, and a document containing a brief narration of the circumstances under which It was placed there. A suitable hymn was then given out by the Rev. T. Lloyd, and joined In with devotional feeling by most present, after which the Rev. H. Bath engaged in prayer. W. J?. Wincey, Esq., then read aloud a copy of the paper which had been placed in the bottle, after which the Bev. T. Lloyd said it was his pleasing duty to place Into the hands of tha Bev. Mr. Wateford the handsome silver- trowel and polished black-wood mallet, which had been subscribed for the purpose, wfcn it was resolved that he should be invited to lay the foundation stone of the c^apel they were intend ing to «rect. He hoped that Mr. Wats ford would live to see the bnilding completed, and that they all might be privileged to hear his ministrations therein. The Bev. J. Watsford tnen took tne trowel in one hand, and the mallet in. the other, after which the stone Was lowered into the south-east corner of the site, and in a most workmanlike manner duly patted and plastered by the rev. gentleman, who then declared it to be duly laid in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. After this Mr. Watsfobd mounted the stone, and addrsssed the large audience that formed ia circle round him, saying that he did not intend Ir- flicting a speech upon them, as he should have another opportunity in the evening of saying what be should wish to da He was extremely £lad to see the stone laid, as it spoke to all of progress and prosperity. The foundation of the eld part of the chapel hadbeen laid in 1850, and (hat of the new in' 1860. ' He believed there were about 260 church members in Gawler, and no doubt many had been converted there who - had now retired to their rest, and others who had moved to a different sphere of labor. There were 1,120 attendants upon tbe ministry of the circuit, and about 4 00 children upon the books of the Sunday school. He hoped that the tinnrtnlDfl vVlii»fl Kfll) Iwiw y»w-ina^ tmfk ntnli success in the old chapel would be still more abundantly blessed in the new. Methodism had stood any strain that either earth or hell could, apply to it, and its principles would be held as they were built firmly upon the rock of ages. ? Some might not approve of the way people had ; been converted bythem. but he would say, get sinners converted in any way, and so their peni- : tent farms had been extremely -useful. He was «lad to see the new chapel began, as hedid not consider the old chapels credit tp the -Gawler : Methodists, but he thought-a rather action had been taken in putting- money under* the stone, when it was so well known that money was wanted on the tap of it. He would conclude by thanking the friends for thehandseme trowel with which he had been presented, which , he enured them he would handZdown ii an heir Smb. to qib? geooatioos,^ ^ The Mator of Gawxeb said he had been rejoiced to hear of the progress which had been mhde in theirmidst. He trusted that this pre-' sent foundation-stone would be a cotner-stone in that House of God not made with hands, but. .eternal in' the heavenB. He had almost regretted to hear that 150 sittings had been wanted which could no't .. be had, as it 8howed - i that some enquire** had feat been able to seat : themselves regularly in the house of Gofl. Looking around on this beautiful colony, be trusted thatthe building which they were assem bled to commemorate -.the commencement of would be like that of Solomon, a place from whence in heaven His dwelling place the Almighty would hear the supplications - of His servants, and when He heard answerand for give. . . . . The proceedings concluded by the dozology hong sung and prayer .being offered,af ter which three cheers were given respectively for the Queen, the Governor, Mr. Watsford, Mr. Lloyd, and ^he Wesleyan Church, when a collection was made, and the meeting dispersed. /tHB TEA MEETING. | ' A tea meeting kindly provided by the ladies of the chapel then took place in the chapel to which a very large number of friends in the [ town and the euiTonnding neighborhood sat I down as may be supposed, when it is understood that over £30 was realized towards the new chapel by the sale of tickets and from moneys which were received at the doors for admittance. \- _ THE PUBLIC MEETING. After the tables ware cleared a public meeting took- plaice in the old chapel. The building was literally crowded, visitors 'being wedged in as | thickly |as. possible. Various 'suitable mottoes and inscriptions decorated the walls, which were lined and fringed witn evergreens and flowers, the work of the ladies of the congregation. Pro bably the building had never been bo well filled since its erection. - Proceedings were commenced by singing and prayer, after which The Bev. Mr. Lloyd apologised for the un- . avoidable absence of Mr. Colton, which arose from the great exertions which he had lately been called upon to . make ; but no doubt all present would be pleased to see filling such a responsible situation a member of the cause, young indeed in years, but devoted to its in terest. He proposed that W. F. Wincey, Esq.. i be requested to take the chair, and preside during the evening. The proposal was duly seconded and carried by acclamation. The Ohubjuh expressed himself as proud to occupy such a position. He had,, also to fill a sort of dual position, that of Secretary to the ^Trustees, the report of which it would come. ' within his province to read. The report was then read, which contained some interesting pecuniary and other statistics respecting the church and the circuit. The Rev. Mr. Sykpson could bear witness to the influence Methodism was showing upon society. He observed that in the world of matter nothing stood alone, and so in physical life every individual being had his influence on others. He could not but allude to the children in the meeting. For himself, he loved children, and he would not give mnch for a man. who did not. If everyone had his influence on those with whom he communicated in passing through this life, surely we ought to pray to God that He would keep us pure and unspotted , through the world. He had noticed that bush townships, as a rule, consisted of. a blacksmith's shop, -a public house, a store, and a slab hut or two; but after a chapel had been built, a greater refinement took place through the people becom ing associated with Christians. The Choir — Anthem, -'Praise the Lord.' j The Bev. C- J.' Evans said that during the changing scenes or ms lite is naa Deen nis lot to witness much. He recollected receiving the Pope's ^benediction, but hePwas -not able to say that he had derived much benefit therefrom. The last time he stood ou that platform he had been flattered hy being told that he would make a good Methodist preacher, but this evening, as he suffered from a relaxed throat, he did not expectthat the compliment would be repeated. But he had come to testify to the interest he felt in the great cause of Christian salvation, and this when preached was as good in one church as in another. It was irrespective of the plan of the architectural style of the building, the same end waB in view, although it was pur sued in a variety of ways. The Bev. Mr. Bath said that the words which i had been let fall had drawn his attention alto gether from that which was outward and visible to that which was inward and spiritual. Religion was the life of the soul, and it consisted of prin ciples and feelings. All would be satisfied that there was life in the religion of the Gawler Methodists. 'This was their highest privilege. Even in the. flowers which were present in the vases before them, the life that they had received from the hand of their Maker was their highest beauty. And one of the moBt beautiful fruits of this life was liberality. The Choir then rendered the anthem of * Pray for the peace of Jerusalem' in a very beautiful manner. ; The Bev. Mr. Watsfobd said be felt himself to be in the curious position of a round man in a square place, or, iu other words, the wrong man in the right place. He would like to allude for a moment to the published statistics of the country, by which it appeared that the Metho dists had double as many sittings provided for them as any other congregation in the colony, j They had 22,000. whilst the Church of England had but 11.000. Blessed be God, he believed his success had been principally achieved through the efforts of their hardworking yet able laymen. Their ministers had not been as a rule members of colleges or universities, al though he would not speak against colleges, as they hoped shortly to have one in Adelaide. He considered that their ministers were in the true line of apostolical succession, for their people marie them work like srwwf-.les. TTe thmmlit, other churches would have to come and take copy from them. He recollected once being shipwrecked on the Fijian Islands, and the Fijians were going to kill them and eat them, but they got into a ring, and dared them to come' near them. Had they not taken this prompt action their lives would have been forfeited. And bo the blessings of salvation must be striven for or they would not he obtained. The axe must be laid to the root of the tree, or the tree would not be felled. It was no use looking at its sharp glittering edge, and saying to your self ' What a beautiful axe is this, it will shave a louse asleep.' People must not be afraid- of there being a little difficulty in the road. Had j any of them ever had the nightmare? If they i had, they wonld know that however terrible it was when asleep it vanished when anvone awaked; and so with difficulties. However great they seemed they would come to nought. He recollected an epitaph on a tombstone, which ran as follows : — ' What I gave, that I have ; What I've spent, that I had.*' So if people wanted to keep their money they must give it. . The collection was then made, after which: the various members of the trust took cards. round and invited persons among the audience to put down their names either as subscribing or promising to subscribe certain sums. The Choir then performed an anthem. . Ur. Lock said that as he was a . ladies' man, he rose to propose a vote of thankB to the ladies who had decorated the chapel so ele gantly. The ladies of Gawler were second to none, and the tea and cake, 4c , they had pro vided was excellent Hie would also return thanks to their excellent choir. 1 The Bev. Mr. Sxufsok seconded the resolu tion, thinking theladies for the tfmly Methodist manner in which they B^d gone about their work. He wondered what they would have done this evening without the ladies, or what wonli becom* cf mei^if fteiewereao women. The ladies KNfcTO like ths silver lining of the cloud — they ad ied power and elegsince aiid vigor to the 'proceedings. As for the choir, it was the best he had heard since he hftd befen in South Australia. Li6fcening:toih6m:bewte- not- eare if.he^wason his head f-rhis hefjjs. Only one jf^ting lie ^uld compare their muSic, to producing. He felt ^aa 'if jja greatj^ant somewhereont of the regions im the 'North - Pole bad clapped hia eoldhand on*hia.heall» The choir had been clapped, buthe ijras sur-, prised it had not been clapped .mnchmore.for if ' they had. been, in Adelaide lie was sore they would hare brought down the house. ' ' . ?? ? \- Mr. Jambs Peabcs proposed a vote of thahks to the ministers and gentlemen who had. ad dressed the audience. . He shonld feel to have neglected his duty if lie did not allude to ail, but in the presence of sp many Bfcrangers hp could not forget the many happy hours he had passed under the ministrations of Mr, Llovd.- f 3Ur. J Jones seconded the resolution. He should leave the old chapel with, grief; but he should go into the new one with rejoicing. He conld not forget the day «f small things when they first commenced, but a little one had be come a great nation. He had no. doubt in his own mind but that, the top stone' of .the roof wonld . be laid as had been the foundation stone that afternoon. ? The Bev. Mr. Watsfokd returned thanks ' for the various ministers and gentlemen, s&d;: proposed' a vote -of thanks, to the Chairman, who had so ably and nobly filled, the chair-in ' the uoavoidable absence of Mr. Colton. TI»a 'Paw TIC* T.r avti ao/inn^arl fliA lUOflOn. testifying to the value of Mr. Wincey's services on this and all other occasion?. - 'The meeting he had ju?t presided over was .the largest that had been held within . those walls. The Chairman returned thanks, and in alluding to his limited experience, hoped that on future occasions, if called upon, he should give evidencs that he had profited by the prac'ice he had enjoyed. ' He would juBt read a few statistics that might be interesting. Sunday's collections amounted to... £13 10 2 Money taken at the laying of the foundation stone ... ... ... 8 12 9 Proceeds of the tea ... ? ? 30 9 6 Collection that evening ... 10 6 0 Promises received duringthe evening 64 17 0 £127 -62 6 Making a grand total of .£1,116 16 1. t This announcement caUed forth loud cheers, after which the Doxology was sung- and the benediction pronounced, when the {meeting dispersed. * - 