TINGALPA. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) November 4. MY sad forebodings of last week are rapidly becoming realised. On Monday evening we had a ghastly mockery enacted, under the style and title of the "Doughboy Creek Branch of the East Moreton Farmers' Association." The meeting (?) was feebly illuminated by the glories of a •mall lamp, instead of being re splendent with the grandeur of the Chape! lamps and the Chapel kerosine. Imagine one small lamp in place of all this splendor of light! "Oh! what a fall was there" (ahem—Shak speare). As the illumination, so was the meet ing. The mind of " your own" shrinks from the task of chronicling the altered fortunes of our association. Some nine or ten, in place of sixty or seventy, grare and reverend signors met to discuss—oh! painful task for your own to chronicle—to discuss (a sense of what is owing to the public mind forbids my longer hanging back) —nothing! And it has come to this. There was nothing to bring forward, ex cept nugget?, and they were wisely kept in the background, as indeed seems to be their man ner. The official staff consisted of our honored chairman. Our respeoted secretary did not put in an appearance. Should you hare space available in your next issue, an advertisement headed " Lost or mislaid a Secretary," and en treating him to come back to his dis consolate friends, when all shall be for given, would be deemed a favor. In bis absence, a secretary being deemed a respectable neces sity, the schoolmaster of this rural retreat was dragged from the classic shades of the school cupboard; and, after providing himself with paper and pen, he recorded briefly the minutes of the meeting—viz., nothing. And, oh, Sir, that I should live to see it; it is the same! Our gardens are running to seed; our farms are looking weedy, and there is no one left to mow down the Scotchman's glory in his pride. Ex cuse me; my feelings overcome me whenever I grow poetical. I allude to the thistle. Cobbler's pegs of a size suitable for jack-boot manufacture brandish themselves in all directions, while here and there some wretched boy-is seen Snaking a feeble demonstration of energy in weed destruc tion. In our roads (beautifully inlaid with Mosaic work of stumps) the female element prevails; the few lords of creation left hide their diminished heads, and, to cut the matter short, painful as the statement is to any well regulated mind, Doughboy is emasculated. Various swags, of difforent sizes and dimen sions, may have been seen from day to day feebly struggling against the effects of dust and sun; these are the remains of the swains of Doughboy, while their faces are like Niobe, dissolved in dew, not tears. For some days past, business matters here have been in abeyance} groups were to be seen leaning over the fences discussing news from the dig gings. The Doughboy mind, being in some respects of a simple turn, gives credence to very large nuggets. I was credibly informed by one intending digger that a lucky individual had set out from Brisbane, walked to the dig gings, picked up a nugget weighing thirty (30) pounds, come back to town, and was then and there at a certain public-house in the Valley exhibiting the said nugget to all who would invest the small amount of 3d. in the raree show! With such pleasant cheerful rumors does the Doughboyan mind agitate itself. This week a pleasing account is given of two men who left their families in great destitution, and who, after an absence of some few weeks, have now returned to share the destitution of their families with 500 ounces of gold! I wish some one would share my destitution to a similar extent. Farming is at a standing point now; indeed, except destroying weeds, burning grass, and clearing land, nothing can be done on the land at present. The potato crop is a failure, as things frequently are on which people very much depend. The brown oats are becoming more brown, and the usually lively frogs have declined croaking against reason any more, and have retired from active life. "Vex not their ghosts! let them pass; he wrongs them that would upon the rock of this dry world stretch them out longer." A few miserable cucumbers are struggling against fate; whether exhausted Nature will survive the struggle is a point at issue. Cabbages have given up the unequal contest, and, like the man in the fable who succumbed to the rays of the sun, seem inclined to strip off their outer garments, and, unable to increase laterally, they increase perpendicularly, inclining the passer by to say like Macbeth: — What are these 80 wilher'd, and so wild in their attire ? That look not like the inhabitants of earth. And yet aie on it t Amid the general depression down here the swamps feel the bad times, and, poor things, seem very low in consequence. 