'POfcTHCAliPROSPECTS. Tot witbdrew»!<tfMr. OowpEBfrom public life, and Mr. BCEDEKIN'S election as bis successor— for we have little doubt oT the returnof the latter— taken together, seemtoindicatetwo things; the first, that more long-Kredtfiannsaal, Parliament will notbedUsolved during the fiveyears fur which it was elected ;.and thesecond, that Mr. MiETiN's Ministry rwilhrerafttn in office daring the existence ofthe prerentHouse of Assembly. > For after looting at Van personnel ofthe House, we think few of <>nr readers can entertain the slightest hope of achange of Government—at-all-events, of any change for the better—seeing that men capable of taking the reins arejnst now more than usually scarcerStnong the representatives of the people. Mr.' FOJSSTSB is certainly still a member of Parliament; fco is Mr. JOHN BOBEETSON ; and impposing that these two gentlemen could piuk their former differences and -consent to act together— although Buch a thing would be very much like the lying down of the lion and the lamb together —who el'Se is therein (he House capable of taking a jiiure in the Government of the conn try? Cer. : taiply not BCOHANAB, or M'PHEBSOK, or DIONAM, or GABBETT, or LUCAI, or any of their set. Mr. HAT "might possibly be acceptable to the country if bis health were troch as to permit-a return to Executive duties and responsibilities, but then the same difficulty of acting in concert with the two or'three other gentlemen whose presence in the Executive Council could "be tolerated, exists in his case also. A coalition between FOBBTEB, BOBEBTSON, and BAT, would, indeed be wonderful. It would oblige every man in the colony to lower his estimate of each of the parties to a com pact 'that could not be made without » total abandonment^ of everything like principle. The country seems*; therefore, to "be in this unenviable position—that: whilst it has ft Government that does not *njny its-unlimited confidence, the opposition Wtbai Government is of such a character —composed of such heterogeneous materials, and withal BO unintelleotual—that it would be impossible to form another'during'the continuance of the present Parliament, which any-considerable Jinrnber woold be inolined to pronounce preferable (to that Which is now en trusted with the seals of office. And so Messrs. MARTIN and PABKBS may be' .considered comparatively strong, not on account of any great desire entertained by the public at large that they shall continue to perform tbeduties of ,|heirrespective offices, but because the means of filling their places with better men are for the present pot within reach. We are of those whojSpic that to some of tbe 'measures of theprfcBentuoyerhment, exception may be well taken—to their shortcomings still more; bat seeing tho utter impossibility of forming a better Government from- tho members of the present Assembly, we must perSSfce submit to tbe powers that be, as we would to any other evil, that cannot beremedied for some time to come. Nor aro we quite sure that a temporary lull in the straggle for the spoils of office will be considered any very groat evil by tho public at large. Becurring to the many disgraceful scenes exhibited on the fluorof Parliament during the last session —to the various inconsistencies and shameless abandonment of principle which honorable members displayed to every one's disgust—we believe e majority of the thinking men of the colony would fee] it to be quite a relief if they knew that Parliament would henceforth be convened only for the purpose of passing the estimates year after year, until the arrival ofthe period when by the mere efflux of time the legislature must be purged of some of the men who at present diBgrace its halls. The great questions of the day—retrenchment and administrative reform—reduolion of taxation and a more economical administration of publio affairs—we might about as reasonably cxpect these things to be dealt with sensibly and satisfactorily, by an Assembly of which Messrs. DIGNAK, BUCHANAN, M'PHERSON, and Company, are members, as (but a problem of Euclid will be demonstrated by the first black fellow we meet. In each case the matter is utterly beyond^thc comprehension of those called upon to deal with it, hence there is not a ghost of a chance that we shall be relieved of the exactions imposed, avowedly f.jr a ti me only, whiidt these people constitute the legislature of tbe country. And now that Mr. COWPJSB has been replaced by the harmless little gentleman who desired to fill the post of Colonial Treasurer a year or two ago, but was rejected with the approval of the whole country—now ^hiit|%e7«W<rman eloquent" ij;»o longer to<toi> nocMtomwplace to manage |t)» green rtenjits who'^i^ss^l graceecough to fkkw Hl footst^pi ialtbojigh theyjcould not undere|^d o1^ppreciBte 5hfiiwasonin|,we' ere^Idepri^^Kjtn^ppdsition •«ffig[ebtly^nrong to ?]«j£t ttey ^bp|jld to ^efeajed,'a.nd_, mayexpect to «ee theTSMvCTnmebti&d-oi;^ly'thro^ ^lpon the .i4tal>te^-:jS^otbin'|c if-when the Assembly next osme together its first and .tonly ivct rbould bp -to declare the Colonial Secreyean to come, leaving tbem to do whatever.-tbey yiesise—as they are certain now td d^withoiit v, inemberin with former days became troublesome, he ^wd.^f ifree : pass^^bjiim^fof; the Government t PerhapB •|» wae promised tHajaeijjOnld be a police maglsjtrate at a sheep'staCloni unless toO much noiso bs "phonM^be^iiade over'trach ap appointmentii&d;'if so,,iije .Goveniment would-at .all events; create its faithful adherent an overgfe^of the roads. If he hBd-a son or a'nephewja vacanc^'was made for him in : oneoftbe Departraonts—andifnoneoftbeW arilyfor things ^nBwered,: publication, ;Bome;Other but government plum WBBtlirust into his mouth, and the troublesome , member rendered obedient. But tbese expedients will not t* required in faime, Mr. MABTIK nifty defy JOHN HOBKETSON and all his bosts—there Will not be found a *David'ih a'.l the armie of tbe opposition to ineiet this Gpliath in single combat. ' And yet after all, the titter annihilation of the opposition may Tiot be without infiueoce on tbe stability rif the .Government. -It baa sometimes happened that championa. who : were . perfectly reliable daring a '-contest,' no sooner vanqaished the foe tban tbeyturnedupcmcochotherjand gave exercise to private ,resentments which the presence of a common «nemy held in restraint. • It is very, well known ^hat there is o'o gtpat amount of l«vo lost amopg those who now .govern" the country. As againet any body^ or any party, who may bj defitous of ejecting them 'from office, Ministers, present an undivided front, but we should not like to bo recognised r in acy very heavy amount, that they will keep the peace towards each other for any great length of time 'tiOw that the enemy has vamosed. Mr. PABB^BS and Mr. MABTIK have both already presented.. themselves to the world ae the Government; and there can be no mistake as to the fact that-in their estimation—and perhaps m the country's too- their colleagues ate considered in iio other light than as mere subordinates—useful enough as tools, but of no consequence in any other capacity. But what if in the absence of any efficient opposition Mr, MAKTIN should quarrel with Mr. PABKES, and .each should insist upon snch legislation an is most consistent with his own antecedents? As a rule, coalition Governments are short-lived, %nd there is nothing but the utter prostration of the opposition to'lead any one .to "anticipate an exception iu this particu. lar instance. But it seems to us that if tbe heads of this Government should just now fall out by the way, we shouid be placed in a most anomalous posUion- -without the «af«'ie£ from which to form an Executive likely to give any degree of satisfaction to tho country—and with:very little probability of a dissolution to remove the difficulty into which we have faileo. And now having brought tho reader to the point bt which he may most profitably' exercise bis own thinking faculties, we moan to leave him here to work out this new problem in tho science of Besponsible Government. 