The Novelist. CIRCUMSTANTIAL EVIDENCE; OR, DID THEY HANG THE WRONG MAN? CHAPTER XL. WHAT BECAME OF ST. CYR. BY MISS RALEIGH. WHEN the Lucky went down, St. Cyr, who had reserved what strength he had for an emergency like this, struck out for the shore, and at last reached it, not far from where As[?] himself landed; bat it was so dark and so , stormy that they missed each other. St. Cyr *was weak, and would probably have died of oold and exhaustion but for the brandy bottle which he had buttoned inside the breast of his coat. Repeated swallows of the brandy kept him alive and able to more. The enow and sleet was blinding, and he could not tell which way he went; he was a little lightheaded, too, from the effects of cold and liquor. He wan dered about, walking miles, till just at daylight, when the storm slackened a little, he found him- < •elf in the road by the old Welch house. He ■topped and loooked, remembering bitterly the ! first time he saw the old house through just raeh a storm as this. He remembered how ' Hetty came to the door and the welcome she gave him then, and thought of all the change?* and how different it would be if he should apply for admission now. He was growing strangely tired and sleepy, and was about to sink down by the wayside and end the miserable farce hU life had become, wiieo Amber's pleading face flitted before him. "For her sake he must make one more struggle. He forced himself along to the fence and stood holding on. The last of the brandy was gone. He must have warmth from somewhere, or he eonld not fire another hoar. His mird wandered; he fancied himself going otct the old house, and taking Hetty oat of the chamber window from the back shed, and, without being exactly conscious of what he did,, he crossed the yard and stood in the lee of the house, looking op at the old shed. Sud denly, and like an illumination, came the re membrance of the Dark Hole, and how warm it wed to be there. It was just the place for him now. So one would ever think of looking for Un these. He eoald warm and recruit himself, and after a day or two get oat again in the night, go down to the shore and cross over to Dock Island and be at home once more. Hew s^ength came to him now; he could we nis way through at laafc With a painful effort he raised himself to the roof of the shed. and with bis numb hands forced open the win dow and stepped in, carefully closing it after him, and in a few moments was lying on* the floor back of the chimney; in that old Dark Hole. * It seemed very pleasant there to him. Warmth and shelter from the storm—he would not hare exchanged the place for a kingdom. It was now daylight—he heard them moving about down stairs; bat he was not afraid of their disturbing him; and being thoroughly worn oat, he fell asleep. Towards night he awoke in terrible agony. It seemed to him that his feet and the lower part of his limbs were enveloped in a bed of burning coals, and were slowly roasting through. He knew that both hands and feet were frozen, and it was impossible for him to do anything far them then. His head was not right, but ■till he remembered where he was—the dread of pursuit and capture never left him day or night. It was possible that some one of the fionily whom he heard moving about might un expectedly enter his retreat; he must hide him ■atf more effectually. Moving his hands restlessly about in his agony, he felt that one of the boards near him was loose. It required no great effort and but little noise to force it off, and beneath this was .as snag a place as any one could desire. To be •ore it seemed a good deal like a coffin, and he shuddered as he drew the board over him to its place. Before the next morning he knew that walk ing down to the beach without help was im possible; he could not even stand. He most make arrangements to stay where he was for the present. So after the family were all asleep at night he crawled about the house on his hands and knees, got comfortables and bandages for his limbs, and food for his stomach. Hi* previous practice of seeing in the dark, at New gate, was an advantage now j but having to go on his hands and knees, of course he could not move as quiet or as fast as he would otherwise have done. Going up and down stain was his greatest difficulty; for his limbs grew worse and worse instead of better, and he moved ■lower and heavier each night. The thought that possibly some one would see him, made him wrap himself in a sheet, that he might be ■opposed a ghost. In this condition Charity Chant, the " hired girl," saw him on the stairs one night, when she was watching to see who it Was that ate up her pies and cakes and bread ! She had suspected Mathew, but had found a ghost as she believed. She so quickly that St. Cyr had no time to sec who she was; and a few nights afterwards went to her room, having a vag«e idea of throwing himself on her mercy, and getting her to help him escape ; for he suffered so in body and mind that existence in his present state was well nigh intolerable. Bat his appearance frightened her so that she ■creamed and alarmed the house, and search was made for the phantom, but in vain. St. Cyr was now fast loosing control of himself, both physic ally and mentally. He had a slow fever, which came on at certain times of the day, and for a while he would be quite wild. At such times he made strange noUes, which kept the house in alarm, until at last 'squire Welch set at work one night, as he was sitting up with his invalid wife, to ferret the matter out and have done with it. " There most be a dog or something fastened into the Dark Hole, that has been making all this fuss, and ytt it's strange that I didn't see anything of it when I looked there last week," said the 'squire. He was in hia stocking feet, but so much the better for that. He took a lighted candle. Jack was sound asleep in his room. "He wouldn't be good for anything if he wasn't," said the 'squire, aa he softly mounted the stairs. Mathew, too, was aaleep, but the 'squire opened his door and left it open, so that he could call him in case he wanted help. He could, by listening at the door .of the Dark Hole, hear the faint moaning. " Whatever it is, it's sick, and won't be likely to fight long," said the 'squire to himself, as he cautiously opened the door. He held the light in. There was nothing to be seen, and the moans, too, had ceased. But the 'squire was determined to make a thorough piece of work of it, now, if be ripped op every board of the floor. He held hit candle out be fore him, and saw a place where the edge of one board wa« lifted a little above the other. The 'squire stooped. What! a loose board ? He turned the board over, and what did he see ? Something that made him call out, in a roice that rang like a trumpet all over the house: "Mathew! Mathew'" It was a fatal cry. It was scarcely oat of his mouth when the thing, whatever it was, flew at the 'squire's throat. But the 'squire's wild shriek had alarmed the household, Charity, Mathew and Jack all rush ing to the 'spot. They saw Esquire Welch on the floor, struggling with a strange-looking ob ject, which Charity said, with a scream, was the thing she had seen on the stair*. After a fierce struggle, the 'squire and the thing were separated, and both lay on the floor, apparently incapable of motion. The 'squire's face was black, and he was gasping for breath. He was nearly strangled to death, and their first work was to restore him. Then Charity cast a glance upon, the ap parently dead object on the floor, and turned her eyes away again. " It's the same thing I saw," she exclaimed. i Mathew went up, and stooping orer, turned suddenly white, and shuddered with horror. " It's that accursed St. Cyr !" bunt from his pallid lips. Yes, it was St. Cyr; and before noon of the next day, the poor, frozen-handed, frozen-footed, frenzied creature was delivered orer to the proper authorities, and conveyed again to Had dam gaol, there to be confined and watched by a guard of soldiers in hu cell, till the day fixed for bis execution, which was now fast drawing nigh- Chapter £XL AXBBB IB HOT TO KBOW. Ov coarse neither Dency, Amber nor Asa knew that St. Cyr was alive. Dency, owing to her frozen feet, had been unable to go oat of the house, and Amber had carefully nursed her day and night. Mother Land's prompt treat* ment of Asa's case enabled him to attend to his lights, though walking was a painful operation, aad to go to Duck Island twice a week and procure for Dency and Amber whatever they needed oat of the hoase. He made careful in quiries and kept a dose watch along the shore, for some weeks, hoping to hear something from St. Cyr; but nothing was to be heard or seen, and at hut they decided that he must have drowned that night and his body been carried out to sea in some of the storms that followed. To Asa and Dency, much as they regretted this, it was a relief—for both had foneen, be yond his escape, the possibility and probability of recapture, and the final fulfilment of bis sen tence. Better die so than on the gallows. Amber was more«ilent tfian ever, never telling what she thought. She occupied herself as much, as possible in nursing Dency and attend ing household affairs, and Dency noticed this change in her, that as formerly she used to sit by the fire looking away into the darkness, she now stood at the window looking oat at the sea. She watched it hours and hours, without speaking. What she saw, or expected to see, she never told, bat Dency overheard her saying once: " He said he would sorely come—he said he would sorely come to me again," and watching her afterwards, saw many times a day her lips forming these same word*, over and over, but she never spoke them aloud again. Then, too, there came a change in the girl's face—the tortured, intense, steamed look was passing away, and a sorrowful, patient watching and waiting that was very teaching to see, bad come in its place. Dency said : *• I hope the body will never be found. It will be better for her to have something to look and live for. The wont is over now, thank God." This strange creature, Dency, had become more than ever attached to the girl since her can and tendnaas to her in those long days and nights when she could not help herself or go oat of doors at all, and she was very unwilling that any more pain or trouble should come near the child again as long as she lived. So it came to pass, when one day Asa came in with a horror-struck face, and finding Dency alone, told her the strange news he had just heard over at Clinton, how St. Cyr had been hidden all this time in the old Welch boose and had the day before been discovered and carried back to Haddam gaol, that then Bency raised herself up and said: "That girl must not know of this. She is getting gaieted down now—this would stir her all up again, and she would be worse than she has ever been. She's suffered enough already ; she wouldn't get another moment's peace for years, if ever again. We must manage to keep it away from her somehow, if we hare to lie like the dragon." They talked the matter over some time, devis ing various means to keep the truth from Amber. When they heard her coming Dency said : " There now, you keep your eyes off the girl, and don't look as if you pitied her so awfully. She'll see right through you if yoa do. You'd better go home right off and not come again very soon. You're so soft-hearted, you'll let it all out before you know what you're about. I'll be around in a few days now, and Til see to things here and manage her too." Amber wondered that Asa said so little to her, and that he stayed away so long, but she made no words about the matter and did not for a moment suspect the cause. Chaptkb XLII. THB CLSSICAL 3CAN MAKKS A PBOMI9K. As for St. Cyr, it seemed for some time that he would die before the daj appointed for his execution amred; but the authorities, and those who had him in charge, were anxious that he should suffer the full penalty of the law for the crime he had committed, both as an act of justice to the murdered man and also as a warn ing to all who should como after him. Then, too, the majesty of ihe law must be vindicated. So the most skilful physicians were provided, and the best care possible taken of him. Parts of both feet were amputated, and after ths he began slowly to improve. . The lecond week in April found him con siderably stronger, but still unable to sit up. The execution was to take place the twenty seventh of April. They thought he would be able to walk with help by that time. HU mind was now clear, and he seemed quite resigned to his fate, and to be rery thankful for the care and kindness of those about him. He seemed greatly changed—the wild look had gone from his eyes, and he was quiet, gentle and patient. There was a childlike meekness and humility about him that would have been »cry toaobing in any one else. And sometimes the gaoler's wife, watching him in his sleep, seeing the pallid, peaceful brow with the dark earls clustering closely about it, and the sharp lines around the mouth softening to a ssafle, thought he must be looking as he used to when a child lying asleep in his mother's arms, and pitiful tears would fill her eyes till she could no longer see at aIL About this time a clerical looking man, wear ing green glasses, called at the gaol and desired to see this same St. Cyr. All visitors whatever had been denied entrance, but this man being a minister, was allowed to come in. St. Cyr was asleep at the time. The stranger stood looking at him a moment, and his face suddenly paled and his muscles worked convul sively. He turned as if he could not endure the sight and strode up and down the room. " Are yon a relation of his ?" asked some one in the room. " No," he answered. " A friend, perhaps ?" To this he made no reply, bat continued bis walk until St. Cyr awoke. It was apparently with a painful effort that he forced himself to sit down, with his lace a little out of the range of St. Cyr's eyes, and talk with him. The watchers who stood by could not hear all that was said, bat as near as they coaM judge the minister was exhorting him to repent* ance and offering him spiritual consolation. Bft. Cyr acknowledged that he was a miserable sin ner—that he deserved all that he had suffered, and should suffer, but denied that he was in deed guilty of the crime laid to his charge. He confessed that lie had bitterly hated his enemies, that more than once there had been black mur der in bis heart, but he had never committed the crime with his hands, or been a party to it in any way. He supposed, he said, that mur der in the heart was the same to God as morder in the hands, and therefore he deserved to suffer all that had been and was to be; God was kind and pitiful—He would sorely, for the Christ's sake, forgive him at the last. There was a calm grandeur, a still greatness aboat this condemned man now, that awsd them who stood looking on. " Is there anthing you want—have yon any earthly desire unfulfilled P" asked the minister at last. A patient sigh came from Bt* Cyr's Up* at he answered : "I should be Tarry glad to see my daughter once more—he would be one great comfort to as both." " Yoa shall see her," answered she stranger, and immediately took his leave. Bt. Cyr lay and pondered. He had seen this man somewhere before. He had a eonfosed thought of the benevolent man who tried to make him confess in this same gaol the night after his trial, and, strangely enough, some thing about him reminded him of Job Fox, too; the three seemed oddly tangled together. Evi dently St. Cyr's head was not quite clear yet. Chaptbb XUIL DAirnn, hajoob dobs his bubihms. Dsnct wu soon able to go about the houscy thoagh she walked lame, and made, a* she said, a great fuss about ■taring. She was very watchful of Amber, and endeavored to keep her constantly in sight. One day she climbed op into the loft for the first time since her lameness. She found many things that needed attention up there, and stayed longer than she intended, bat M she had left Amber busy in the kitchen, she apprehended no trouble for her. . At-that same time a man had taken a boat at Mononhatesuc Point, and was rowing across to Duck Island. He evidently understood manag ing a boat as well as St. Cjyr or Dency herself) he had strong, rigorous arms, too, it would seem, for when he was a little distance from the shore he bent over his oars, and sent the lisj}e craft darting over the wares like a seagull. He went straight to the wharf, as if he had been there before. Here he left the boat and went to the house, " Now, if that creature isn't here, I shall get along well enough," he said to himself as he approached the door. A glance through the window revealed Amber alone, and the man, looking reliered, gently tapped at the door. Amber straightway opened the door, and saw standing there a portly looking man in a suit of black, with a huge white neckcloth enveloping his neck and the lower part of his chin. He seemed to be an elderly man, for his hair was quite grey, and he wore glasses, but they were green glasses, instead of ordinary spectacles. A wide-brimmed hat shaded a pious looking face. Altogether, he seemed to be quite a good, re spectable man. She invited him in, and offered him a seat. She did not observe the sweeping glance he cast about the room, and that he took pains to sit with his back towards the wood hole under the oven, and instinctively avoided looking that way. He had heard, probably, of the terrible evidence against her father that was found in that place, and being very kind and compassionate, would not recall the painful cir cumstance to her mind by paying the least attention to tbe place. Few people would have been so delicately considerate. His voice was quite low and gentle as he said, looking in the sadly beautiful face of the girl: " You are, I suppose, the daughter of An drew St. Cyr?" Amber started, gave him a quick, searching glance, her face paling suddenly, and the hands on her lap clasping each other closely as she answered : " Yes." She wanted to say more, but could I not just then. He saw the eager question in her eyes and answered: " I have brought a message from him to you." " From my father ?" the large eyes growing larger, and the white face whiter stilL " Yes; he wants to see you." "Where?" ' " In Haddam gaol," he answered, feeling that he must be very practical with this girl, if he wanted to secure her attention, and make her understand him at all. "In Haddam gaol," she repeated, slowly, staring as if she thought him bereft of his senses. " Yes," said he, divining, with a quick intui tion, the state of the case. " Yes ; he was not drowned that night, but went ashore and was recaptured, and is now in Haddam gaol, and wants to see you at once." " Oh!" she breathed, a swift light dawning in her eyes, and flushing her face with a touch ing radiance. "He is alive—he wants me—l am ready." She had risen from her seat and was going towards the door, eager to start. " Wait," said the man arresting her with hia, voice. "You must dress warmly) it ia quite odd, and yon will not oome back tUL tomor row." * " Oh, yet. Where is ay cloak ?—mad there's 'something I want to cany him, too." She went hurriedly into her zoom, and began preparations for her journey^ Meanwhile Dency, hearing voices, came to the top of the ladder, and seeing a man there, deeended as fast as her lame feet would let her down. The man sat with his back towards her, bat he heard her coming, and with a qniok move-' ment pulled up his neckcloth and pulled down his hat, his mouth, too, tobk a sudden wry twist, which seemed likely to be permanent. Dency came down, stared at the man, walked around him two or three times, trying to search his face with those quick eyes of hen. "What's your business here?" she asked gruffly, seeing that the man did not seem inclined to speak first. " Madam, I came with a message from the unhappy St. Cyr to his daughter," answered the man, with due dignity. "Yon did, did you? Well, what does he want with her?" "To see her at once." " And you're told the girl, hare you ?" "Yes." " Well, she won't go; you may set your heart at rest about that." Dency hobbled off to Amber's room. Amber was dressing, and did not look up, being to full of thought. " What are you about, child ?" "Oh, Dency!" she exclaimed, nther's alive, and he's sent for me." . " Well, what of that ? I suppose you know that yon aint going off with this strange man." " Why, Dency," said Amber, looking up sur prised. "Because," continued Dency, "it wouldn't be at all prudent or proper. He may be an old rascal, for what you know. You hare no right to go off alone with him." " Dency," said Amber, pausing in her work a moment, and looking fatty in her nee," all that I know is that my father has sent for me, and I ihdD go." Dency understood the look in the girl's eye, and she knew that it would be worse than use less to say another word, and she hobbled to the kitchen as much disconcerted as an old hen with a hawk in sight. " What's your name ?" she demanded of the ! man sitting so meekly there. " Daniel Hammer," he answered promptly. " Daniel Hammer—and you're a minister, I s'pose." " Yes, that is my humble calling." "Humph! Who sent you here?" " Andrew St. Cyr." " Well, of course he sent for me, too." "Ho; I had express orders from the gaoler to bring only the daughter." " What if you did ? You can take me along just the same." " No; I shall take no one but the daughter." There was something in that hard, positive tone that thrilled Dency like a sudden ghost like memory of the past. She looked up qaieklv. " You won't, hey ?" . "Hoi" Dency moved a little out of the man's sight, and what a change came over that strange nee. Every fibre in her body, every faculty in her soul, was searching this man through. Her dark face grew white and eager. She was bit* terly devouring this man with her eyes, and he knew it, it would seem, from the determined resistance with which he shut that mouth, for getting for an instant the wry twist at the cor ner. She saw it, and a look of swift intelligence flashed out of those eyes. She stepped quietly a little back of him, but still to that she could see his nee. "John," she said in a low, quick tone, never moving her eyes from his nee. Not a muscle of the man stirred, if we except a sodden clenching of the left hand that hung at hist side, and which Dency did not see. The white, questioning look in Deney's nee began to fade into an agony of doubt. Was she mistaken again ? Amber suddenly opened the door, cloaked and hooded for the journey. The man rose from his seat, as if glad to change his position and escape those eyes. The wry twist was back in his mouth again. "If you are ready, we'll go at once,"he said to Amber, " for we have no time to' waste." " Yes," answered Amber, going to the door. She forgot to say good-bye to Dency; she was thinking only of her father now. The man followed her, and they went quickly down to the wharf, and entered the boat. They were not long in leaving the island. The man worked as if every oar's stroke that sepa rated him from that place was an unspeakable relief. Dency stood looking after them. "rd give all the world to know if—" she said, and then she stopped. She looked around the room a moment, and suddenly seemed to decide what to do. She climbed up into the loft again. Presently there came down what was ap parently a rough-looking sailor, in a complete suit of tarpaulin, and whom, but for that pain ful limp, you would never have suspected of being Dency. It was she, however. She went to the cupboard and packed up quite a quantity of bread and Gutter and cold beef into as small compass as possible, and stored it away in those capacious pockets. Then she poured water and ashes on the fire till it was quite extinguished, and fastening the bouse, went down to the wharf, and pushed off in the boat moored there. < By the time Amber and her escort reached the opposite shore, Dency was just leaving the island. Daniel Hammer had a .horse and wagon wait ing for him by the roadside, up across from Bushy Point. Denoy got a horse from an old farmer she knew on the Clinton road, and followed on, keeping in sight of the wagon jogging on ahead. Neither Amber nor her escort had much to say to each other. He seemed very thoughtful, casting frequent glances over hi* shoulder at the solitary horseman in the distance. As for Amber, she sat very quiet, holding in her hands her mother's Bible. Between its leaves was a tress of light brown hair that was cut from her mother's head, and beside it a tiny carl of Ihe palest gold, from the head of that baby brother who was buried in its mother's arms. This Bible she was carrying to her father, and she had no thought for any one but him now. ITO B* COMTDTOSD.] I WHT do the inmates of Madame Tussaud's j Exhibition resemble the first medical operation to which we submit P—Because they are a waxy 