PRESENTIMENTS. As the appearance of the sun. paints itself ■on the atmosphere before it rises, so the spirit of great events strides on before them, and to-morrow walks in to-day. I have always had strange musings on what one reads about the death of the Fourth Henry. He felt the ghost of the dagger in his breast long before the murderer Kaviallac armed himself with it. Best lied from him, the thought seized on him in his Louvre, drove him into tho open air; the coronation feast of his consort sounded to him like a funeral; he heard with boding ear the footsteps that sought him through the streets of Paris. " Does the' inner boding voice say nothing to you ?" asks the Countess. " Nothing," he replies; "bo calm." . And then the Coun tess tells'of another dream, in which she sawWallenstein going before her through* a long passage and long never-ending halls doors slamming all the time, till at length a cold hand touched her. and on looking to see whose it was, she found it was Wallon stein's, while over both a red cover seemed to lie laid. " That is the red carpet of my room," says Wallenstein, interrupting her. 'A little later and the doors are burst open by the murderers, and Wallcnsteiu's body is carried across the stage wrapped in a red carpet. Here we have the true law about presentiments laid down by a firm believer in them. Wallenstein knew that neither he, nor any of his train, could be impartial at such a moment. Any thing of the nature of a warning innst be suspected as springing from native apprehension. Though lie himself was calm at the thought of quitting the Im perial service aud joining the Swedes, his followers were full of the regrets and possi bilities which a man who has resolved on a great step generally dismisses as idle, but which his friends feel strongly for him, and urge upon him. But tiio man himself may well feel nervous, and what is easier than to interpret his nervousness as a warning ? Many of the presentiments wo liavo in history are tainted by this blemish. In the history of Luther we hear of Melanc thon being ill, and having a " presenti ment" that ho would die: Luther came and prayed at his bedside, and ho recovered. Evidently in this case the presentiment was nothing but the natural fear of the sick man; but if this had not yielded to the stronger faith inspired by Luther's prayer, 'the presentiment would probably have come true. Again, when Luther left his wife ou his last journey, she had a presentiment that he never would return. He never did return. Yet how can wo tell that lior pre sentiment was not a woman's natural un : easiness at seeing her husband start on a journey, and was interpreted after his death iinto a presentiment? Mozart's prcsenti ; mont of his approaching death was of the : same class as Melanctlion's, only, from not i being properly combated, it came true. He ' was convinced that some one had given him •poison; and he said he had the taste of death on his tongue, and that ho smelt the . grave, There can bo little doubt that all ' this was occasioned by overwork and an in ; tensely nervous temperament. As soon as ' tho composer's work was taken away from him he began to get better, but ho returned ' to work too soon, and a relapse was the eon ' sequence, Compare this with what seems tho most genuine caso of presentiment, an event occurring to Czar Paul four or fivo days before his assassination. He was riding, and he turned suddenly to his Grand Master of tho Horse, saying, " I felt quite suffocated—I could not breathe—I felt as if I was going to die. Won't they strangle mo?" The incident was related to the Russian general officer, in whose papers it is recorded, the very Eamc evening by the Grand Master him self. It was no doubt natural that a Czar should expect to be strangled, but why should ho have had this feeling of suffoca tion, and why should it have come to hin so few days before he was actually trnhill Mag-izinc. 