I REVIEW. is Charles Lamb. A Memoir. By BRYAN PROCTER. One volume. Pp. 252. Moxon and Co. i From the Sim, November 1.) For this charming volume the lovers of the delightful "Elia" have reason to be grateful to Barry Cornwall. At the very outset of our remarks, indeed, we, for one, would here frankly acknowledge ourselves to be so. We accept Mr. Procter's recollections of his dear old friend with more than pleasure, with livelier feelings even than those of admiration, we accept them with a sense of gratitude. They are jotted down, as their author himself tells us, in his seventy-seventh year thirty-two years after the death of Charles Lamb one good half-century after the occasion upon which Elia and Barry Cornwall were first brought together, after they first began their affectionate and thenceforth memorable friendship. Written though these pages are, however, long after the termination by death of that very notable friend- ship, it is surprising to observe how vividly the survivor's retrospective survey brings forth to the view of this later generation the whole career, and character, and genius, and idiosyncracy of the man he himself, so long ago and so thoroughly appreciated. It is a likeness drawn from memory-and that, moreover, as we have said, after the lapse of five-and-thirty years and it is one that has been drawn thus more accurately from memory than the vast majority of likenesses are when taken from the life, from a deliberate succession of actual sittings. Already, it is true, Charles Lamb has been sketched after a similar fashion, sometimes almost to the very life, by a series of tenderly appreciative delineators of his most whimsical, yet thoroughly delightful and thoroughly love able individuality. William Hazlitt, alone, in effect, three several times sketched him, doing so, moreover, with the subtlest delicacy of touch first of all in his " Spirit of the Age," afterwards in his " Table Talk," and finally in his "Plain Speaker." Leigh Hunt again pencilled him, so to speak, in a sort of vignette and quite casually, as it were, in the course of his " Autobiography John Forster, too, with a few bold but delicate strokes of the pen, as one might' say drew him in profile after the fashion of Retsch's Outlines-and that, too, very shortly indeed, after Elia's demise in the pages of the New Monthly Magazine. Sir Thomas Talfourd, again, long afterwards painted his portraiture with singular vividness of colouring in a book that was termed (happily for us by what is now rendered a flagrant misnomer) " Final Memorials " about him-that radiant running of Charles Lamb, by Talfourd, for the first time revealing to us, as by a startling application of the brilliant effects of chiaroscuro, those hitherto concealed lights and shadows, those brighter lights and blacker shadows which, unsuspected by the world at large, had all that while been signifying the history, the eminently tragic and pathetic history, of this long beloved and most delectable humorist. And now as the very last and as the very best of all these commemorative tributes to Charles Lamb, to Ella, to that wisest, and wittiest and richest of all our wise, witty)', and racy essayists-there come to us, crowning and perfecting the whole delightful series of such portraitures of him as we have but just now enumerated these, in very truth and deed, Final Memorials of Charles Lamb memorials jotted, down in his green old age but with a clear, a firm, and a loving hand, by Elias true and trusty friend of two-and-twenty years ago, Bryan Walter Procter, otherwise Barry Cornwall. The book, in every point of view, is worthy at once of the author and of his subject? It must realise the writer's purpose For we are very much mistaken even in his own estimation of it. A result by the way, which is but very rarely indeed arrived at more especially when, as in the present instance, the author's judgment has by long culture been rendered refined and sensitive in regard to blemishes and shortcomings, even to the length of fastidiousness. Not without emotion in fact could he even have prepared himself for the task judging from his own acknowledgments. In merely reading over once more (as a refresh- ing preliminary, we presume, to his Retrospect) -in merely reading over once more those old familiar essays, meaning the Essays of Elia, he tells us-" Some of them affect me with a grave pleasure, amounting to pain. I seem to import into them the very feeling with which he wrote them; his looks and movements are transfigured, and communicated to me by the poor part of the printer. His voice, so sincere and earnest, rings in my ear again. He was no Fcignwell ; apart from his joke, never was a man so real and free from pretence. No one, as I believe, will ever taste the flavour of certain writers as he has done. ; He was the last true lover of Antiquity." j Together, moreover, with Charles Lamb's own dear old delighful face-sweet- mouthed, large browed, bright-eyed Elia, with his stammering talk and " immaterial legs," as Tom Hood called them, Elia in rusty black like a lay ecclesiastic, as Sir Boyle Roche might have it, and hugging under his arm, if not kissing it, some rusty old black-letter folio-together we say, with Charles Lamb's well-remembered features, form, voice, gave, manner, tout ensemble -how many others of his associates must have thronged back upon Barry Cornwall's remembrance ! As affording us a succinct commemoration of some among the pick of those past and gone familiars, let us take a certain anonymous T. W.'s recollections of the " set," jotted down by him very recently at Brussels and, of course still more recently, published in the columns of Notes and Queries. Writing of Charles Lamb and his Contemporaries, as he still recalls them bodily, as it were, not as will be seen conversationally to his recollection, " J. W." says in Notes and Queries" of the discourse of these did majores I have no recollection now ; but the faces of some of them I can still partially recall. Hazlitt's for instance, keen and aggressive, with eyes that flashed out epigram. Tom Hood's, a Methodist parson's face : not a ripple breaking the lines of it, though every word he dropped was a pun, and every pun roused a roar of laughter. Leigh Hunt's parcel genial, parcel democratic, with as much rabid politics on his lips as honey from Mount Hybla. Miss Kelly's, plain, but engaging. [The most unprofessional of actresses, and unspoiled of women : the bloom of the child on her check, undefeated by the rouge, to speak in a metaphor.] She was one of the most dearly welcome of. Lamb's guests. Words- worth'.", farmers and respectable, but with something of the great poet occasionally breaking out, and glorifying forehead and eyes. Then there was Martin Burney, ugliest of men, hugest of eaters, honestest of friends. I see him closeted with Mary Lamb, reading the Gospel of St. John for the first time. And Sheridan Knowles, burley and jovial, striding into Lamb's breakfast-room one spring morning -a great bunch of May-blossom in his hand. And George Darley, scholar and poet slow of speech and gentle of strain : Miss Kelly's constant shadow in her walks amongst the Enfield woodlands." Reverting, however, to the more copious recollections that are here set forth of these and others in the goodly book recently I penned and issued from the press for the delight of this latter generation (the first instalment of posterity to Elia) we would adduce here at once without further parley evidence distinct and conclusive that charmed as we acknowledge to have been with the work as a whole, we have not viewed it by any means through a species of infatuation, remaining obtuse even to those minor flaws and petty deficiencies which are in truth inevitable in all remotely retrospective recollections of this character. To this end we would here particularise two instances in which it appears to us that Mr. Procter would do well, before allowing the work to go into another edition, by subject- ing the text as it at present stands to some slight revision or emendation. In the first of these instances he is evidently in some confusion (quite unconsciously to himself as to the paternity of a very simple phrase-to wit, that of browsing upon certain portions of literature. At page 23, in the first instance, he distinctly attributes the authorship of the phrase to 1 Charles Lamb remarking, " He and his sister were (to use his own words) ' tumbled into a spacious closet of good old English reading, and browsed at will on that fair and wholesome pasturage.' " Nevertheless, at page 59, Barry Cornwall eschewing all italics indicative of quotation-puts forth the very same phrase quite as distinctly as his own observing that " Coleridge had browsed and expatiated over all the rich regions of literature at home and abroad." Yet, after all this, at page 70 when quoting from Hazlitt's " Conversations "r Assets-" t-~ --i-- a - " in -fissures, at, moves me author of that book about authors, he makes Hazlitt himself remark in reference to Charles Lamb-" He follows learning as its shadow, but as such here spectable [Imagine a respectable shadow, by the way '] He browses on the husks and leaves of books" After which-whose, we may surely ask, in our bewilderment, was originally this oft mentioned phrase about browsing on book lore-Ha/htt's, Procter's, 01 Lamb's ? It is a trivial blunder in itself, no doubt, but still, if worth the making, worth also the rectifying ' As to the other lapses already alluded to, though not yet particularised, it occurs where, speaking of Sir Joshua, Mr Procter, not content with remarking, E. Reynolds was, indeed, the finest painter," even goes so far as to assert that he was " especially the most superb colours of the English school " An assertion that might have passed muster when Sir Joshua's admirable pictures first left his easel, and in truth also for some few years afterwards but that now, alas when the once radiant pigments have paled and faded away ghost-like upon the canvas, can only be regarded as provocative of the thought that they at any rate (whatever Charles Lamb may have been in Hazlitt's estimate of him) are not among the shadows that are even respectable Of the personal history of our charming Essayist, as that history is here related, we are certainly not in this place about to give the mere epitome of an epitome Rather than that, we would refer the reader to the book itself, confident that long before he has closed it he will be grateful to us for the recommendation in the mere typography of it, It is the good rest book we have handled for some time past an imple imperial octavo, in solid, sombre, frown binding, on thick toned paper, in noble type that in this rattling railway time gives one's eyes a sense of gratificition to look it Interleaved among the letter press, besides all this there are five admirably lithographed portrait--, taken from very curious original drawing-- pencilled from the life-three out of the five portraits of Charles Lamb himself, the other two being put traits of his Father and of his Sister of his weak minded and all but imbecile father, and of his most unhappy sister The two latter are very very distressing indeed to look it, more especially, however, the last mentioned remember- ing as who can fail to do that has once lead of it the terrible history of Mary Lamb's affliction As to the three portraits of Lamb, they are all of them wonderfully interesting one by Cary, one by Meyer, one, and that a very noble one indeed, by Ha/htt-Mr Procter's own favourite among the three, we presume, seeing that he had selected it for his frontispiece Almost immediately preceding the appearance of Barry Cornwall's book, by the way, there appeared, team be remembered, a little square cut tone about " Gh aries Lamb, his Friends, his Haunts, and his Books," a work penned by Mr Percy 1 at gerald as a not unwelcome sweeping together of stray anecdote, and personal traditions, about our delightful Elia, littered up and down in various directions, and hitherto uncollected having escaped even the edges and loving researches instituted, among others, by such men as Leigh Hunt and Thomas Talfourd, in regard to any thing at all, no matter how apparently trivial, connected in any way with Lamb and his Contemporaries That pleasant little volume of Mr I lUgerald's we noticed at the time of its publication with the praise to which we conceive it was entitled Intrinsically however, it was no more than it affected to be itself, namely, a thing of shreds and patches, jottings by the way, there aids to a juster appreciation of the simple and noble character of the quaint and delightful genius of Charles Lamb as a ripe English Scholar, and as one of the truest and purest of all our English Humorists that little book, in point of fact, was in its way a simple maiL. earth to to the far n important and A valuable mbute to Lamb, w all was then already known to be in preparation by his old friend Barry Cornwall, and which we have now had the gratification of welcoming with heartfelt vv >rds of mingled gratitude and admiration Altogether the book is as good as any friend of either Charles Lamb or Barry Cornwall could have wished it to be It is written, from first to last, with manly affection, in all sincerity and in all truthfulness 