GAWLEtt. The annual picnic in connection with the Wesleyan Sunday-School was held on Easter Monday. About 9 o'clock a.m. the procession, consisting of 10 wairons and two or three traDs. started from the chapel with banners and nags flying and children cheering. It proceeded to Murray-street, by Mr. Fotheringham s store, and thence north waids through Willaston to a section a' out two and r-hnlf miles from Gawler, the use of which was kindly lent to the pleasure-seekers by . Mr. O. T. Scown ; 2-Mi person t, including children, teachers, and their friends, were in the wagons. The spot chosen for the picnic was very ruitable, there being abundance of fiesh water aud pleasant shade. ( -n arriving at the place, the juveniles soon dispersed and engaged themselves in the various games, kindly provided for them by their teachers and friends. They appeared to enjoy themselves thoroughly at d op the handkerchief, twos and threes, donkey races, swings, hurdles, and cricket. Creature comforts were not forgotten, fn.m substantial articles down to cake, fruit, aud lollies. In the tifternoon a number of visitors arrived. swelling the number on the ground to upwards of 3i0. The Kev. T, Lloyd aud many influential members of the Church were present. The children sang some hymns in a very creditable ui inner be.'ore starting for home, which they reached safely about half- post ti p.ni. Mr. J. Annells (rfuperintendant of the School) and the teacher?, spared neither time nor trouble in carrying out the various arrangements, and an extremely pleufuut an J successful picnic rewarded their exer tions. An anniversary entertainment was held on Easter Monday evening, at the Oddfellows' Hall in connection with the Gawler Lodge of l.( l.O.F. and Court Bushman's Pride of A.O.F. Mr. J. Martin, M.P., occupied the chair, Buppo'ted on the right by the Hon. W. Dufifcld, ami on the left by Air. H. E. ltright, M.P. The Hall was crowded to excess, and a great many persons weie unable to gain admittance. Mr. Martin, in his opening address, referred to the benefits which Societies like the Oddfellows und Foresters conferred both on individuals and on the community in lessening destitution, and providing for the sick and atllicteii He then called upon the Gawler Band to play an overture, after which a chords (''ihe Song of Australia'*) followed: then a dialogue from Shakespeare, 'Hamlet and the Ghost of his Father,' by Messrs. Wells and Puttman. A duet, ' What are the wild waves saying,' by Mrs. Lane and Mr. Itocdi^cr came next; then a violin solo bj; Mr. ('ranz, which was loudly applauded and eiicored; a song by Mrs. Lane, also encored: a solo and choruR, 'Coino where my Love lies dreaming;' a recitation by Mr. F. Popham, 'The Newcastle Apothecary ;' a duet, by Mesdames Lane and Hoslcins, 'The Flower Gatherers,' also encored; a basB solo by Mr. Cranz, 'The htandard Hearer;' and n recitation bv Mr. Gore, 'The Execution,' from the Ingoldsby Legends, brought the first part of the programme tp a close. After the usual interval of 10 minutes, during which the band played Borne pieces, a chonif, ' Swell high the Choral Song,' fallowed ; then a duet by Messrs. Crunz and ttocdigcr. A most amusing scene from ' '1 he Kivals ' was the next piece, and was extremely well given ; then a dialogue by Messrs. Gore and Palmer, 'Lochiol's Warning.' A solo, ' Then you'll remember me,' by Mr. Koediger; a duet, 'The Cousins,' by Mesdatnes Lane and lloskins; a chorus, 'Let me kiss him for his mother:' a song by Mrs. Lane, 'Music on the waters;' and a comic Christy interlude, ' Kise and Fall of the Money Marker,' by Messrs. Cmnz and 1'uttman, brought the amusements proper to a close. Master Townsend (son of Mr. W. Townsend, M.P.) kindly pave two recitations, which did not of course appear on the programme, viz, 'The Little Vulgar Hoy' and 'Hodge and the Vicar.' Mrs. Wella presided at the pianoforte. The entertainment was entirely by amateurs, and was, on the whole, a decided success The audience were, however, too tightly packed together to enjoy it as much as they otherwise would. The ' Hon. W. Duflield proposed a vote of thanks to the Committee who had got up the entertainment and the picnic held that day, and also to the amateurs who had performed tint evening. This was Beconded by Mr. Bright, and carried by ac clamation. Mr. Lane responded, and spoke of the advantages to be derived from the Orders of Oddfellows and Foresters. He also stated that the proceeds of the picnic and entertainment were to be devoted to the Widows' and Orphans' Fund of tho Societies. Mr. tuttman responded in a humorous style on behalf of the amateur per formers. A vote of thanks to the Hon. W. Dumeld for the use of his grounds for the picnic was carried by acclamation. A vote of thanks to the Chairman was also passed, after which the National Anthem was played, aud the proceedings terminated. 