THE WESLEYAN METHODIST CONFERENCE AT BRISTOL. Tur, One Hundred and Twenty-fourth Annual Assembly of Ministers of tho WeBleyan Methodist Church ia Groat Britain began its first sitting in the Old Market-street Chapel, Bristol, on Thursday, July 25th, It is, wo boliovo, the twenty-eighth Conferenco which has met in that city. From 1746, the year of Wesley's second Conferenco, to 1790, when ho presided for tho lost time, eighteen such annual assemblies were held there. It was tho first businoss of the Conference, after the singing of tho well known hymn, the reading of a portion of Scripture, and ' earnest supplications, to fill up tho vacancies In the Legal Hundred. These vacancies are producod by two causes death and superannuation. For many years, up to tho present Conference, the rule for supp!) ing such vacancies Had been to elect three members into tho Legal Hundred, on the ground of seniority, tojono member elected on nomi- nation, purely by the choice of the Conference. This rule was last year changed. Now the members of tho Legal Hundred aro chosen alternately by seniority and by election on nomination. Tho number of vacancies for the proäont J year being ten in Great Britain, thero woro five to he filled up by election on nomination, a larger number than wero ever bo appointed befaro at any Conference. Thoy were filled up as follows : 1\. William Jackson, by nomination, ia placo of James j Allen (n), who had been a supernumerary for four years. 2\. Robert Bond, by seniority, in placo of Aquila Barber, who has been a supernumerary for four years. .'J. Alex- ander M'Auluy. by nomination, in placo of 8. Broadbent, deceased. 4. J. C. Pengelly, by seniority, ia place of W, H. Clarkson, wbo has been a supernumerary for four years. 5. Benjamin Gregory, hy nomination, in placo of Jonathan Edmondson, deceased. G. John Hannah, by seniority, in place of Charles Hawthorne, who has been a supernumerary for four years. 7. John Kirk (h), hy nomination, ia plnoo of George Jackson, deceased. 8\. Richard Hornabrook, by seniority, io placo of Isaac Keeling, who has been a nupornumarary for four years. 'J. Benjamin Frankland, B.A., by nomination, ia place of George B. Macdonald, who has been a super- numerary for four years. 10. Richard Rymer, by seniority, in place of J (unes Stott, who has been n supernumerary for four years. Ireland: 1. Robinson Scott, Ù.V , in place of Robert Wallace, deceased. The following ministers had tho greatest number of votes respectively for the two chief offices of tho Con- nexion : For President : Rev. John Bedford, 191 ; Rav. S R Hall, 21; HflV Dr. Jobson, 15; Rev John Farrar, 15 ; Bov. W. H Punshoa, 14; Rev. C. Haydon, 11 ; Rev. H. H. Chottle, 10. For Secretary: Rov John Farrar, 242; Rev. L. H. Witcman, 13; Rov. W. H. PuuBhon, 8; Rev. J. H. Janies, 7. TbeEo elections wore confirmod, and tho Conference was constituted. Ou tbo ovoning of tho first day of tho soaMon an opm sefsion cf the Conference wbb held in tbo Old Markot-Btroot Chapel, commencing at 6 o'clock. AduiU-ion wa» by ticket. Evory avuiiablo sitting wus occupied long bef>ro the hour announced for tbo coimneucornent, of tbo servie«. At the hour Appointed, The newly, elected President of Conference, tho Rev. Joan Bedford, opened tbo procedlngs by giving out, the hymn on tho 487th poge, commencing " Oh Thoa, our Husband, Brother, Friend." This bavin«? been «ung, Tho Rev. J. Farrar, secretary, read tho 62nd obaptor of the Prophecy of Isaiah. Tho Rov. Chorlos Haydon then offered a prayer. Tho President, at its clono, repealing the Lord's Prayer. Tho President afterwards said : The business of tho Contcrenco ;this evening is to receivo tho ropro tentatives of other Conferences connocted with this Paront Conférence. IthaB plcaEod God bo to bless tho agenoius which Methodism has employed, tbat besides the Conforonco in Ireland, wo bove Conferences now in Franco, in Can-ida, in Ene'ern British America, and in Australa-ia, Thero aro also brauebes of tho Wcsleyan Methodist community who bald the tamo doctrines and maintain in iff.ct the same disciplino in the United States of America. Wo have not representatives present from all thoao Conferences, but wo aro happy in having with us tho representatives of several of them ; and it will bo our duty to receivo them this ovening in the ububI course of our businoas, after having the addressee which their Conference havo aunt to us, and to bear from them such Btatomeuts relating to tho work of God in tho boundaries of their CouferonceB as time will pormit us to occupy in so doing. Tho Rev. J, Farrar introduced as tho Roproftontativos from Iho Irish Conference Dr. Robinson Scott, tbo Re*. Joseph W. M'Kay, and tùo Rev. Oliver M'Cutchoon. Tho Rev. Dr. Scott presented the address from tho Irish Conference, and spoko at Bomo leDgth on IrUu iill'iirs. The Rev. Emilo F. Cook, P.A, of tho French Confe- rence, presented its address to tbo English Conférence, and also spoko at length. The Rov. John Egglestan presented the addross from the Australasian Conference, and said-" It is difficult for mo to express the emotion under which I have l»boured sinco I havo been at this Conference. It is not thu first British Conference I have attended. I was privileged to attend threo Conferences, during tho period ot my proba- tion, beforo I went out tbo l»Bt I attended, which was in this city of Bristol. I then took upon my self solemn vows. I wsb thon solemnly consecrated to tho work of tho Christian ministry, and I havo felt, sinco being in this Conference, as though a per- sonal duty devolved upon mo as in tho presonco of tho Bristol Methodists and tho British Conference in thin city, I pledged myself in God's presenoa to do certain things. I think you havo a tight to know whotber I still sustain tho Christian character I then had, and whether I have main- tained in doctrino and in attention to Wesloyau discipline thote vows I niado in your prcsinco. I thank God 1 b-iliove to this day tho testimony which in this very chapel I boro to the power of God to assure tho human conscience, His paternal lovo is roalifcd in my own experience. I havo felt during the period which has transpired that without constant communion with God I am powerless for my work. UnleEB communion with God in the closet and constant correspondence with Him in social life wero maintained, I could not aright dif chargo tho various duties devolving upon mo. Thank God, tho various means appointed by Him to sustain tbo union havo been effectual to Bccure it. I havo still the same hopo I had when I first ongogod in tho minis- try, and thoso doctrines to which I boro witness at the Confercnco to which I havo referred, oro now, and hava been tho moro strongly held by mo, sinco tboy havo boen pressed upon my attention by heresies surrounding on every baud ; and I still feel that tbo form of sound worda in tbo documents referred to in our examination aro in direct nccordanco with the word of God, and that it íb tho doctrine which tho Holy Ghost delights to employ in awakening and converting sinners, mid building them up in our holy faith, and still commend inc these truths to men's consciences in tho sight of God. I havo found tbeso doctrines as powerful to save souls in tho Southern World as they wero in the Circuits in whioh 1 travelled in this part of tho earth. (Hoar, hear.) I luUBt say, Mr. President, deep emotion has been awakened in my breast by the constitution of tho Conferonco. I havo occu- pied beforo a seat in tho gallery, and havo Uokod down with veneration upon many noted individuals ; but when I look now, I find their places empty, with but a few ex- ceptions. Tbo President who ordained ma is still amongst us, and nothiDg more gladdened ma than tho continued vigorous engagement of his intellect in iho causo of this Connexion ; that thero was still such mental vigour and epiritual power. I do not intend to refer long to these personal feelings. I am hero not merely to bear testimony to tbo power of God's graco and tho ministry of tho Gospel in tho Southern hemisphere, but I am csm miseioncd by my fellow-ministers, as my health demanded cessation from my work, to ropiesent thom in this Confer- ence. I thought it right to proparo a statomont of the condition of tho work when I went out to that part of tho world, and to compare the statistics of our Church thero with tho statistics iib they at present exist. New South Wales in 1838 was the first station wo had in Australia. Then wo wero a part of your missionary field, and were being sustained by you. This was the first district on the minutes of that year. Thero were then four circuits, five ministers employed, 254 members of the Church, We havo now in New South Wales four district committees, 41 circuits, nnd labouring in them 49 ministers, with a mem- bership of 5005. (Cheters) In that colony thero aro 171 chapels, and 183 other preaobing-placea ; thero aro 10,093 children in the day and Sabbath schools, and thero aro 20,260 attendants on public worship. I have had tho privilege of visiting and labouring in somo of tho circuits, and in most of them havo been on mis- sionary deputations, or the opening of places of worship, and wo havo in New South Wales a hearty working Methodism-such a Methodism as I left in England. Wo have officers of our Church, wo have men who havo means, and who are prepared to consecrate them to the service of our Divino Master, and wo have individuals to co-operato with us in spreading the doctrines of spiritual holiness in our land. Two Districts aro over a chain of mountains in tho interior, and havo gold-fields stretching on towards Victoria and South Australia. The ministers are doing their utmost to overtake the spiritual destitution of this colony. As fast as possible townships aro visited, and settlers, many of fhem men of intelligence, educatod in tho higher branches of learning, although not members of our Chureh, aro glad to see a Wesleyan Methodist Minister at their homesteads, and entertain him and let him preach to those under their own charge. Van Dicmen's Land was the next station at that period, and in this place wo had five circuits, ten ministers, and 485 members. Wo havo now ten cb cuits, fifteen ministers, and 1675 members of the Church, nearly 4000 scholars in the schools, and nearly 9000 attendants on publio worship. Tho gold fields in the other colonies and tbo vast tracts of pastoral land which invite persons to follow sheep farming havo had the effect of decreasing the officers and members of our Church in Tasmania, as it is now called. I was once placed in circumstances similar to thoee in whioh Sr. Scott was placed in America. I could bsrdly keep my countenance in one congregation, for I saw so many individuals who had been under mv charge in Tasmania. We havo many members from Ireland, and officers doing us gooel service fn New South Wales and Victoria. In Tasmania tbo work is still advancing, not- withstanding this constant drain on its resources, The members are building chapels In various parts of the island, one was being erected in tho Conferenco town. I was in formed it will cost nearly £5000, and they havo resolved, in onBWer to nn oüVr from this part of tho world, to havo the place free of debt. Mr. Honry Reed and Mr, Waltor Powel), who were both converted to God in tho town, were written to, and they offered to givo £500 . each if tbo placo wero opened free of debt. Our friends did not think the entire debt would bo cleared off, but they havo resolved tbo place shall bo opened freo of debt, and I rejoice that, in the chapels they havo been orecting, and in every respect the work of Methodism is improving. Vic- toria, when I first went thero, was no sphere of Methodist operation. It had been vitdtod by tho Rev. Joseph Orton, who went to see if a mission to the Aborigines could be established, and thero wero but fifty Europeans in the place ; and only two small wooden houses, with some sod huts, cocstituted what is now called Victoria. Whilo I waa in South Australia a number of our friends and others emi- grated to Port Phillip, ob it was thought to bo a promising place, Geelong and Melbourne townships were formed, and our people enid, as Methodists, they muet havo the moana of graco. Some of them omployed their talents as local preachers, and ohapels wore opened, and they never rested until thoy had a minister. I rejoice to say that Methodism in Victoria continues to keep its character. They have now thero threo districts, 278 chapels, 838 other preaching places, 60 ministers ; there ara 8804 membors of tho Church, 23,332 scholars in our day and Sunday schools, and 54,963 attendants on public worship. (Cheers.) Thefe three diBtric's aro equally important. I was examining, just befcro I came to this meeting, the only statistics I could secure relative to that oolony. From the Geelong and Ballarat District between£14,000 and £15,000 wero raised last year, including tho amount for the Mis- sions, »nd I betiovo that each district would bo in the same proportion. You might euy that between £40,000 and Ü50.COO i* raised in tho colony for tho support of the work by the Wealeyans. When I look at whit has been accomp- lished in thoso various colonies, I feel your prayers have been answered, and God is working gloriously in extend- ing his work. When I wont out there, South Australia was juat opened up. A minister hod been wrecked on the sboie, and some of Iho inhabitants having heard that a miniHlor wob there, invited him to Adelaide, and they urged him to remain, if tho Miffionary Committee would allow him to do so, and send onothor missionary to Western Australia, whither ho bad been- bound. His health failed, aud I was induced by Mr. Watorbousoto go to South Australia. I went thero. and the labours of many friends there will never bo forgotten while there is remembrance «if Methodism. Mr. Draper in this laud corr.menccd a career of chapel building whioh has distin- guished him, and exerted a groat influence on other colo- nies. Gothic architecture was introduced, I think, through the influence of Dr. Jobeon'a volume. Tho dootor and others will remember Pirie- street in Adelaide, and Wosley Church in Melbourne. I do not know whether the three or four buildings in (he neighbourhood of Sydnoy ware Ihon erected, but they do not need any plaoard to indioata what lhe-y aro intended for. (Cheers.) They are of n chiracter i to indicate at t ice the mnjesty snd glory of tho Bung wor ?biipid in tbe sanctuary Ihecei stiuoturoa would mc lowor thu tone of the t-piritunlity of MLihoilisin I di i not preach with less tower whin I preached ut t' o i pening of Pirio i-lrrit Souls were c ueu in that putt of the John Hunt und lin Johu Sjiiih stamp-ineu who know how to tnko bold of nouvenant of God", ni d to plfud for thu miuihttr while ' o m enpiged iu ' makii g mi niffst the trmh to cvLry man'« comUeuco ia the Hjihi 11 God," uno tbi tonvirting power c f the blessed Spirit bus lu tn m»di mauifi st in their liudKt (Cheers ) In South AuntraliH there are 16 circuits, 22 miniatura and 4502 nun btroof the Cbunh, 126 cb ¡poldon 1 37 other pro tching plate», theie an 8747 nhnlais in tbo lebooola and 23 46o iittendnuta on public worshio (Chtois) QiLonslind uiifcht he «feired to at this timo It did n t oxist asa set anita colony, at tho timo I went out lhere aro now teven nnniftern seventeen chipdn, sovonteen other pre ioh ltg | liices, 451 churth members, 1406 sch lara und 3070 attendants on pul lin winship lu Queensland theynrojmt now placed m great d tfioulty 1 ho untucuso influx of populalim during the past years has imponed upon thom tho necer-fity ef ministerial supDnrt and chapel building, with which they uro unnblo to cope Thoy aro not as Par-mania and Now South Walis onco wero under tha charge of the Weelo) an misBionor) secretaries Thero is no sourco from which Ihey can get external moans I bclicvo thoy have sent to the Missionary Committoo hero with a request that thoy might consider this great necessity I do not know whothor tho funds will allow it, but tbo expenditure in Vio tona and Now South Wales and other places, has produced fruits of a very glowing character f boy would not havo furnished £2000 a year each in support of tho Minion» to tho bouth Sea Islands, in addition to supporting tbeir own work hud it not been for the help furnished them in their curly dais, and m rcferenco to tbe colonies now assisted by this Society, I know that many people think tin» money Bbould not bo spont whero Europeans exist Tbey say that Europeans should bo ablo to Bupport thoir own religious exoenses, but if j ou look upon thoso colonies »b oerniB of e mpires-(hear, hear)-surely the foundation ouj.ht to bo laid for that intelligent leaisl ition, and for that civil fretdem, and at iho samo time that gt-noral security, ?whith you with to exist m every extensivo population-(cheers)-and I trust thoro will never bo any ohjecuon in a case of this kind wbero fcattorcd but rising populations need holp, I think, however, you might go too far in respect to tho length of time during whicu you grant supplks (Hoir, hear ) I think God assisted you m a selection when jou sent out Mr Bo)Ce to ask tho rolomea to bo self-sup- porting (Hear hear,) His wiso measures wero soon seen to bo tbe best that could bo adopted to introduce a spirit of self reliance, and now thesa colonies can support them- selves and do much to support the work ia tho regions beyond Wo hnd, when I went out in 1838, thtrty-fivo miniBters in that part of tho world, wo havo now 222 AVo bad, including tho missions, 9188 members, we havo now 41,633, with 7750 on trial for momberi-hip Wo havo now 1393 chapels, 89 146 soholars, 2ol,62b attendants on public worship. Wo had thon no nssistant missionaries , wo havo now Aft) two men of God, whoso personal religious expenenco, whoso clear judgment, whose hearty devotion to tho service of thoir Divine Master, whoso evident success, through God, in the work of tbo Christian ministry have pointed them out as fit to bo pastors as Mell asteachors in the work, and they aro now associated with tho minis- try , nnd some of them in Tiji, aro being associated ia tho higher courts of the body, and their labours are referred to honournbly Wo feol, just in proportion as wo cultivate this Nativo agency, and afford thom thoso appliances, which wo havo in our power to employ, that wo shall relievo tho Society of tho necessity of employing bo largo au amount of European ngenc), and tho work will extend with no diminution of ministerial support I should liko to refer to tho stato of the work in tho Islands, but tbo President reminded me of tho brevity of tho timo loft for me, 1 may bavo n futuro opportunit) , hut I moy say I do not beliovo our Missions wero ever m n moro prosperous condition, with tho excep tion of New Zealand, than tboy aro at this moment As tor New Zealand, it is paesing through a heavy trial, butboforo this outbreak the natives wero being roused to tho thought that they bad to do something for tbeir ministers, and oao ciicuit mob self supporting Tho war broke out, and for a timo our natives kept aloof, but at last many of them wore drawn into the struggle, and tho work haB suffered Wo have, however, 1000 individuals moro unaer our charge than when we became a soporato Conference, and in the English work everything Ib advancing Trom the Chlnesol MirBions in Victoria wo havo prosperous tidings Fivo ChineBO have been recently baptiBed in Castlemaine, I havo not time to fay more, but would express my hearty desire that Methodism in t hiß land may be n bulwark against every error, and spread tho power of religion on overy hand, and thnt Mothoaiem throughout tho world may still bo a liviog power (Loud cheers ) On Friday, July '2nh, almost tho first thing dono was, according to rule, to read the suggestions from diatricts, and to receivo n number of notices of motion Another business was tho place of meeting for the Conferenco of next year It was agreed that this should bo Liverpool, and that tho number invited to attend should be 100, be- sides the ministers ef the Livoipool district "On Saturday, the 26th, was submitted tho list of candi dates on probation for tho ministry who had been respec- tively four years, threo yoars, two years, and one year in tho work , and the list of candidates now for tho lirst time brought forward. Of the latter, eighty-nine had been sent up from the districts, of whom seventy eight woro accepted The sittings of Monday, July 28, was occupied ontirelv with tbo solemn and searching examination into character, which is one of tho specialities of the Methodist Con- ference Thero wero a few serious complaints, which, after some bearing of them, wero referred to special committees who will report to tho Conferenco Somo portion also of luesdoy's sitting likewise was occupied with the question of character When this had been passed through, tho way was clear for entering upon tho consideration of the cases of ministers applying for permission to retiro from regular cn cuit work, and of others who, after a partial retirement, seek to return into tho work Iwomy-two mímetele, among whom was the Rev James Calvert, well known in theso colonies as a missionary to liji, obtained permission to retiro as supernumeraries. On Wednesday, July 30, sixty-two ministors who had completed their probationary period, wero ordained-tho president, Rev, W Arthur, A.M., delivering the chargo. On Thursday, August 1, was considered tho application of the Canada Conferenco that Mr Punshon might bo appointed to visit the provinces of British North America iu tho ensuing year, and to presido at tho next Canadian Conference The request had received the careful attention of a most influential committee on the ovemngs of Tuesday and Wednesday, and, after n full and minute considération of tho whole euee, tho Conference had been advised to eomply with the request from Canada This recommenda- tion was, after Berne conversation, adopted by thB Con- ference by an overwhelming majority It is anticipated that, in the grand sphere to which ho is to betake himself, Mr. Punshon will probably settlo for a season, that the request of the Canada Conference for a visit may bo followed up by a request to bo made to our next Conference, that ho may bo permitted to connect himself with them for tome years, as was dono by Dr. Stinson and by somo others-though never was there a quite parallel case-who were deputed from tho British Conferenco to toko the Presidency of the Conferenco ia Canada IhiB approhension has of necoesity invested the npplicati n made to this Conference with a special gravity. Notwithstanding, tho Conference very deliberately, although with deep and painful regret, carno to tho conclusion to sanction Mr. Punshon's visit to Amonca. Undoubtedly ho goes to a sphere of extraordinary influence and will shine with extraordinary brillianco in tho Western hemis- phere Ho will bo a power in tbo States as well as in Canada, although m the States thoro aro, within and beyond Methodism, bo many names of fame and of cower. But whatever may bo Mr Punshon's position or influence in America, whatever happy and influential part he may bear at this critical point in the his'ory of the British Provinces of North America, confederated into the " Dominion of Canada," no sharper sacrifice could be made by English Methodism than to consent to the re- moval, in the very zenith of hw influence, of ona bo honoured, so beloved, and so lllustnoua among hia brothren as William Morley Punshon. Mr Punshon having thus been appointed to visit Canada as tho President of tho Con- ference, it was further inov ed by Dr Osborn, seoonded by Dr. Hannah, supported by tho ex President, and carried with ono dissentient, that Mr Punshon be doputod to visit the General Conferenco of tho Methodist Episcopal Church of the United States, which is to assemble noxt May But the most anxious business of the day was tho question of Mr Arthur's appointment to Belfast, sa Princi- pal of the Collegiate Institution to bo established there On this subject Mr. W M'Arthur had already spoken at length, in the Missionary Committee of Review, whilo tboto who, like Messrs J. S. Budgett and J Corderoy, and tho Sheriff of London, now Sir I rancis Lyeott, had op- posed tho proposition, had spoken but briefly, and with tho misfortune of being laken almost by surprise, Dr Robin- et n Scott ond Mr Mackay, two of tho Irish Representatives, had the advantage, therefore, of addressing an audienco to somo degree preposscBsed in favour of tho conclusion which tbey ndvocattd The speeches of thoso ministers told with effect upon tho Conference, and it appeared as if the vote de tired might havo been passed with little opposition when, in reply to the inquiry of tho President whether the Conference was ready to proceed to o vote upon tho pro- posal that Mr. Arthur bo appointed to Belfast, Dr Rigg Etepped forward with an emphatio ? No, Sir ' " and claimed tho right to be heard in reply Tho result was tho ndiourn nicnt of the discussion to Triday moraing, On Friday morning, accordingly, Dr Rigg rose to opposo tho applt cat'on made on behalf of tho Irish Conference and delivered the speech of which we report the substance to-day The result waa a discussion in which Mr E. E Jenkins, Mr. Piest, Mr Scott, and Dr Osborn argued in favour of tho application urged by the IriBh Representatives , while Mr. Boyce, m a lucid nnd important official speech, combining tho authority of his senior colleague, Dr Hoole, and sub- sequently Mr S R. Hall and Mr PunBhon spoke in favour of Dr Rtgg's motion, viz , that the application bo declined. After Dr Osborn's spe»ech, m which ho assigned, with ability and persuasiveness, his reasons for advocating tho transference of his colleague, Mr Arthur, from tho Mission Houso at London to the collesrtato insti- tution at Belfast, Mr. Arthur himself carno forward end begced that tho discussion might then termi- nate It could not but he painful to the Ex-President to be personally and directly the subject of such a discussion as that which bad been going on for one or two hours, and it was no wonder that ho depreoated ita continuance. There were, besides, other renBons which had brought the Ex Frcsident to tho conclusion that his duty to quit Ibo M if won ïïoueo for Belfast waa perfectly clear Mr Aribur having thus interposed, it was agreed that ali thofo v ho bad intended lo spe îk should wnivo their richi lo bo heard, and that the Irish representative!) should vuivo tbur nijbt.of re plj letting Dr Osborn's speech Bland lnBtenel of their rejoinder, mid that thovoto should bo lukin The BURgcBtion was then latorjeotod, in con foitLilj wilh a point lnsMrd upon b) Dr Osborn that Ihuo Ehe uld bo meei ted lu ibo million if Dr Hannah nnd Mr ¡>bow (for Mr Arthur's triim-feruuco to Bolfast) a elaufo liiiiinng the term of his residiinco there to three yiais '1 beru can bo uo doubt that tho insertion of this elaUEo m Ibo reEolutiun ginned nuuior<-us votoB. A tmerous feeling on behalf of Ireland lull lenccd many of the nnniEters to consent to tho re turn to his own oountry of Mr Arlliur It was e/en tho ight that, if Mr Arthur siill retuinrd a position of authority in oonneotioa with (ho Mifsionary Comnutteo, though residing at Belfast, if ho continued to attend the great Connoxionil Committees at London, and the. mool inga of Conference yo« bj jenr, «nd if the condition as to iho threojears' term, and limitation were clearly understood and fiitbialty carried out so that after that, ho should return to L melon and to the Mission House-the loss lu tho meantime to Mothodum at its Tnglith centre would not bo equal to the gain to \Ietho dum and toProfestant Christianity through his transference to Ireland. Such considérations as those upoear to have bo far prevailed wilh tho Conference that, to tno Burprise of many, notwithstanding the powerful reasons and oarnaät pleading to the contrary, a hu jority decided in favour of Mr. Arthur's going to BelfaEt Ubi Rev W. H Sargent wai appointed to bo Governor of Now Kingswood Bcbeol, in tho placo of tho Rov F, a. West, tho Rev W B Pope was appointed to BUcreud tho Rev, Dr Hannah in tho ibeulogio ii chair at Didsbury and tho Rev G 'I Peiks to boonu of tho mi sionarysecre' tunes The Rev J D Ceden, classical tutor ut Dldsbury, ond tho Rev W Jackson, governor and ohuplam, wero¡ro»p pointed for tbo terni of six years. Iho Secretary of the Conference road a letter which ho bad received from tho President of the Now Connexion Conference in reference to tho proposed Methodist Union. It was agreed that u courteous letter should bo sent irt repl),to Iho effect that, whilst tho Conforeucodil not jes tee its way to any organic union, such hb had been suis« gesltd it nevertheless repeated its desire to cherish towards other Methodist bodiiB the mott friendly sentimonts On Saturday, August 3rd, the Ei-Prosidcnt made a Powerful jet restrained speech respecting tho vote of ndnj, which showed that his own viows in regard to the henornrj appointment of secrcturv in namo, which bad been curried, agreed with thoso indicated on tho d ly beforu , and (bat be shrunk from being in any way made responsible as "Honorary Secretary" tor a coutso of administration which bo could take no real part whatyior ia directing Iho loss of Mr Arthur v.m the moro poignontly felt after this speech, since nothing could huvo prevailed upon the Con« ferenco to sanction so great a sacrifice had it not been led to think tLat hiB own irivato wisbeB nero in favour of his removal Beyond question, tho temporary restoration ot Mr Ailhur to ireUnd is a concession, not an ostracism After bo had exprès ed his vlewB, o special coumutteo vi as nominated to couaiior all the vacancies und appointments in relation to the Mission House, and to tho siuffof ofiiual ministers at tho Musi mary Institution nt Richmond, and, bj consequonct) like visa at tbo new Theological Iuslilutioii at Headingley (L^ods), which may hnvo lobo tilled up at tho Conferenco ofl8BS. Uhfs con initteo was oppoi lune, uot only ia regard to the withdrawal of Mr Arthur from the Mission House batta a minute ef the General Missionary Committee vhich had been laid before tho Conference on Trtday, by whio j it waa reccmnicuded thut Dr Osborn should hu appointed to Richmond. On Monday, August 5th, tho report of Ihe Special Com- nutteo on vaoanciea and appointments fo 18G8 w is brought up. It was to the etlcct that tho appointment of a Housa Governor for the Missionary Instuution at Richmond should bo referred to the Missionary Comnutteo and to the General Committee of tho Ihoologicil Institution, and that of Ibo Governor of the Headingley Institution, near Leeds, to the General Institution Commuteo, for tho nomi- nation of suilablo ministers at the Conformée of 18t>S , that Dr Osborn should bo appointed in 1803 theological tutor at Richmond, and Iho Rev. W V Moulton, classical tutor ; and that Mr. Lomas and Mr Hellier be transferred ta Headingley es théologie il and classical tutors respectively. These recommendations were all adopted by the Conference .JeaMMBtauthout discussion Hp^nruRy, August 0, tbo following appointments wera modo -Dr Hannah and Dr Rigg to accompany the Pre- sident to the Irish Conference The Rev J Farrar and Dr Osborn to attend tho North Wales District Meeting. The President and Dr Osborn to attena the Sou h Wales District Meeting. The Rev W M PunBhon, M A , to be President of the Canada Conference, and the Rev L. 'Injlor, DD, co delegato Iho Rev. W. M Punshon, M A , to bo President of tho Eastern British American Conference, and the Rov Henry Daniels, co delegate. The Rev James Hocart to bo Piesident of the French Con- ference Iho Rev James Bickford to bo President of the Australian Conference Iho Fx President introduced to the Conference the Rev» W, G. Campbell, an Irish m ssionary, who had recently escaped only with his hfo from a mob in Ireland, by whom bo had been attacked when preaching tho Qeepal, and, addressing Mr. Campbell, said Wo are glad to see you this morning, and we rejoico that it has pleased God to sparo yeur life under circumstances of great trial and rcnl We trust that you may long live to preach the Gospel you lo\e to your own country- men in their own dearly-loved language-lo preach it with yet greater success, and notwithstanding the opposition ot un-uly rnobs and bigoted men, to soe the work of the Lord greatly prospering in your hands (Hoar, hoar) Mr. Campbell in acknowledging his rocepnon said be felt thankful lo God for his connection with Methodism, for if ona member suffered all ihe members suff rod wilh He was thankful that ho was that day among tho iving to praise Him Ho wes also thankful to God that h s unod wob sustained in tho midst of that peril in porfeot peso. He expressed his belief that the Methodist Church would bo more than over a witnessing church againat error As for himself, he was thankful that he waa counted worthy ia any measure to suffer tor CbriBt He was quite willing to go back as thetr representative in the cause of Christ. Ha was not nt all discouraged. (Hear, hear ) Tho cfficial statement of tho number of members in society at homo and on the mission stations was made by Mr. J W. Greoves and Dr. Osborn, Tho statement showed that in tho homo churches there are 337,070 mem- bers, this being on increase on the previous year of 5S87 Tbo number on trial is 21 587. On mission stations tha number of members is, G1 704 , last year, 50,896, increase, 1808, members on trial, 7644 At half past 7 p ni. of tho 9th, the proceedings of Con- ference were duly confirmed by the voto of tho Legal Hundred, and tho journal was signed, all the ministers standing. The President then said,-My beloved Fathers and Brethren, wo are now about to part. We have met, from doy to day, in the spirit of brotherly lovo, and of entire confidence Divereittes of opinion may havo marked the délibérations of this Conference, but I think I may con- fidently Eay at its close that there has beon no bitter- ness of feeling. I think I never witnessed ra tbo ceuTEO of any Conference so little of anything which could bj poEBibility Uavo a wound of any sort upon the mind of any brother. 'I here baa been the kindest consider- ation for one another's views and feelings from tho beginning to tbo cIobo of our proceedings, there h is been a tons of kindly fJmpathy and brotherly love, and our devotional exercises have been marked by a spirit of oarnost believing 1-rnjer, which has afforded great satisfaction to my owa mind, nnd I am euro to yours in the course of our proceed- ings I cannot but feo) that in having had to preside over a Conference which, in some i especia his been remarkable on account of the nianv and anxious subjocts which have come before if, I have gre it need to claim your indulgence, to caEt myself on your kindness, and to usk you to impute to a sincere desire to promoto tho well beiog of Ibis Connexion anything and everything which I havo felt it my duty to say or do ia tbo orbce to which you have called mo. (Hear, heir,) If. ia endeavouring to bo impartial in thia office, as 1 have eorncEtlv striven io be, I have, evon for a moment, wfundfd the feeling of any brother hero, I trust I shall oo forgiven for doirg eo I am not conscious of having in- tended to do it BPd 1 havo earnestly striven to conduct the biiEinfES of the Conferenco with n. dueregird to tho economy of time, and to Ibis fair and right despatch of tho importait mullers which have como before h 1 thank you for the regular attention you have been plooscd to give from tims to time, and the manner m uhioh you h evo conducted tno very inprrtont debates and deliberations whioh havo oo curred since our meetinofl began 1 feel thankful that we bavo poFted through this Conference-not indeed without having bnd some cases which havo required consideration in matters of diBciphno, but without having had one which demanded tho solemn act of removal from the ministry of thiB body Tbot thoro has not been one formal expul- sion Ibis year bas b^en lo me, and is now, a matter ot thankfulness vWhen wo consider that our ministers ara stationed almost all over this world, and aro placed in »u kinds of circumstances of difficulty and temptation, it.is, I arn Eure, to all of us a matter of thonnfulnesB to dad mac wo hnvo pasfcd tbrou>h tbo careful examinations on matters affeoting disciplino withom having had a Bingle instanco of the kind to which I have referred. (Heir ) I trust that we flball part now with a firm purpose, to devoto ourselves afresh to God and to tho great work oi tho ChriEtmn miniBtry, and that God will gtvo to us durinc tbo j ear upon which wa aro en'trraz a nonar outpouring of His Hoiv Spmt, fulfilling to us Hw ancient prnnise "I will causo to como down upon cvery^&m; oi 7ion a blcFSing, there shall be i-howers of blessing 1 am nffcctrd by Ibo thought that m all probability wo Blau never ni) meet again on earth. Who may bo taken «wv» and under what circumstances, we cannot tell, out^aiy earnest hope is, that whoever may be called away may na found faithful at tbo Ibb , and that we may all bB fcnaa « Etnnd eg in our lot at the end of thodays " and may nw rur Moster'a voice saying to us. » Well done, good ail failhful servants, enter ye into the joy of your Lora, way God grant if, for Christ's sake. Amen. Iho 534th hymn was sung commenoint? at the secona veree, and Dr Hannah fervenüy offered the closing P«y^ The Genoese Gazette says :-" A person bathing between Cornigliano and Sestri, in. the Gulf of Çenoa, wob seized by a large polypus, and tho creature so interlaced its* numerous tentacles around him, that he was unable, in spite of. all his efforts, to free himself, and was dragged under water and drowned. Noneof the other bathers ventured to go to his assistance.'* I 