INDEPENDENT CEMETERY. A si per vi service was held yesterday afternoon at Haslem s Creek, to set apart the ground provided by the Government for an Independent Cemetery Ihuoonsists of four acres, and forms part of a block of about 200 acres which has been cleared and stumped, and will in future be known as " Iko Necropolis,"-a name given by the Executive Council on the motion of the Hon the Minister for Lands, It is sufficiently spacious to meet the requirements of the city for generations to come, and in every respect superior to any place of sepulture who at present possess A special train left Sydney at half-past 2 o'clock and con- yoked to the ground nearly three hundred persons Among them were the Rev J. Graham, the Rev. J West, the Rev. Mr. Sheppard, the Rev T Johnson, the Rev. G Howden, the Rev J Frazer, the Rev S Humphreys, the Rev. Mr Charter, the Rev F Hibberd, and a number of ohta bearers and other influential la) men of the Congregational and Baptist Churches. When the Assembly reached the ground the Rev. Mr. Sun FAith gave out the hymn commencing 1 Oh God, our help, in ages past, Our hope in years to come " The Rev F, IIiliiiEun read portions of holy Scripture, 1 Thessalonians iv , 13 18, and 1 Corinthians xv , 33 OS The Rev T JOHNSON pray ed, and several verses were sung of a burn commencing-"Lovu's redeeming work is done " The Rev. J. GraHAM then delivered an address He said My dear Christian friends We do not profits by this service to impart to this cemetery any intrinsic since it did not possess before anything that could benefit the souls or bodies of the dead But as the representatives of two sections of the Christian Church who are to bury their dead in this ground, we publicly dedicate it to the sacred purpose of Christian sepulture No one disputes the propriety of religious!) setting apart prices for Christian worship that in our minds they inn) have sacred associations. To me it appears equally proper religiously to set apart the repositories of the hallowed dust of the dead who did in the Lord God's truest material temples are the bodies of bo hovers in Jesus Christ " What Know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you, which we have of God, and you are not your own" these temples are sacred even in their ruins, and they shall be rebuilt again in resurrection glory. The place that receives for a season their mouldering dilapidations should be associated in our minds with all that is hallowed, meditative, and hopeful. Very different to our mind is the place that contains the dust of our dead from that which contains the bones of beasts that perish Our Service to day is intended to mark our sense of that difference Solemn and holy are the thoughts that gather round the confined and crowded cemetery we are called by the laws of the country to abandon. It has been the burial place of strangers in a strange land the last resting place of many whose far-distant journeying form nated here. Many a tear has been shed in that spot, many a prayer wafted to heaven and many a solemn and timely word spoken, about the din of commerce sounded too near. Many that sleep in the dust of the earth there shall get arise, we believe, to everlasting life. But its space is used up by crowded graves, and in a wise regard to the interests of true living the Legislature has ruled that burials must in the future be referred to sufficient distance from the precincts of our city We gladly ce incident in that judgment, and gratefully receive the allotment of this retired and beautiful spot in which to deposit the mortal! remains of our co-religionists and ourselves from our experience of the past, we may anticipate some thing of the scenes that shall yet be witnessed here. So leaved parents shall hero resign to the lonely grave the cherished forms of beloved children, and from these gates retire to bed herne darker and life less full of interest more hands plighted at the altar must put, hero parent it must be deposited innd children's tears Hero friendship shall w rep for the loved and lost, and the stranger shed a tear over long one, getting far away from ancestral homes We are all strangers and pilgrims on the earth, and here the pilgrim shall drop his stuff and end his jmrLej, while his captain In do if hung in the true city of God Here the rich and the poor shall meet together, Here the small and the great r-bail he down in common dust. Fri ran a, nail from Christian hoped, this would be utterly the r<n (are in the an of the dead, the land of forgetfulness, a ltgt n of ot It ftilnecH, and the shadow of death Apart from Christian faith and hope it would be the blackness of t'nrkuctB to conduct into the future of this spot and the actions of those who th til visit it, from generation t generation of dying men who blackest pill would then indeed be suitable drapery for death for he would be the King of ferrers. the heathen who knew not God sorrowed as men without hope, for there was deep spiritual night, destroyers under the old dirpeittitition had greater light, but yet it was only twilight But to all the darkness is putt, and the true light now how church Jesus Christ bah abolished death rather rountcrworned death-and brought life and im- mortality to light by his Gnepil By assuring our nature had dying as a sacrifice for our sins he has broken the high power of death find removed one forfeiture of eternal life the prize Parent 1 ount of Life, the over blessed God can now in harmony with his porlcUions, his law, his universe, bestow on us the boon e t tiidlcfB being and blessedness for so much the inspired apostle, " the wages of fin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord." Onodiotmctivo feature, as you a all know, of the rr mother of J IBU« was the clear authoritative frequent utieiHEcn of tho doctrine of the resurrect on of the dead He announced himself as the report tor of life to quicken the courts and bodies of men " I am the resurrection and the life." This he proved by His life giving miracles. I had he proved and Illustrated by His own resurrection from the dead and iiBcennfon to the right hand of God He, the Head, is the proof and pledge of the resurrection of his members. " If we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even to them also which sleep III Jesus will God bring with him." This will be the crowning act of redemption It will be the most sublime display of the glory of femininity, GB it is the most cheering hope and sublime conception of the human soul concerning the destiny of our race We look then, at the future of this cemetery in the light of Him who is "the light of the world "It will be, as the word "cant I er) " means, the sleeping place of many who, having fallen asleep in JesUs, shall wake at the last trump, (and rise amid the glories of their ascending Kidiemcr, to be forever with each other and with the Lord Absent turn the body, the south of the just are present with the Lord, M that for the believer to die is gain." And though the. body (shall lie under the darkness of a long though unfelt night, even it rests his hope. It is a germ that shall burst into fresh and deathless beauty when the sun of righteousness lives It is a dishonoured ruined temple that shall live in divine C(<ltrdt or under the hand of " The Resurrec- tion and the Life It shall rise refined into transcendent spiritual purity It is town in dishonour and shall be raised in glory It shall follow the history and destiny of Ihn Hrmit Kit man l(r.l,.(.i,,or Soar we then where Christ hath led, Following our exalted Head; Wade like Ulm, like him we rise. Ours the ci at, the grave, the skies. It is not, then, with unmitigated gloom who contemplate the future of this place. Here hearts shall bleed, but Christian constitution shall lit in their wounds. Hero eyes shall weep, but the light of Christian hope shall irradiate their tears. Here the voice of the paStor shall be heard in the sublime utterances afforded by Jesus Christ and his apostles relative to death and the resurrection. Wo de diento this ground, then, to the use of the living in decent Christian sepulture of the dead. Yes, we go farther and di desire it to the glory of Him whose is the earth and the fullness thereof. Farther (still, we dedicate it for the burial of His (mania to Him who had redeemed us and our earth to God by His own blood to Him who was dead and is alive and liveth for ever more. We dedicate this spot of earth to Jesus Christ, the world's Redeemer, for the sleep in place of His saints till he come in the clouds of heaven to judge the quick and dead. The rev. gentleman concluded by bcFtecbing nil to dedicate their bodies a living mci voice, holy and acceptable to God, which was their reasonable service. The Rev. S. HuMrirnEvs prayed. The Rev. G. HOWDEN gave out part of a hymn com resting, " And am I born to die, To lay this body down 1 " The Rev. J. GRAHAM prayed, and thus cloud the proceedings. 