BUSINESS OR PLEASURE—WHICH ? If it be correct as the old saw tell us, " that all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy," then must Australian Jack be a particularly lively biped. If the antithesis of melancholy be attained by a hearty pur- suit of pleasure, Australians will never mope themselves to death. The avidity with which they seize on the mere ghost of a chance to to make holiday is astounding, and would lead a superficial observer to conclude that they dislike business. But he would be wrong in jumping to such a conclusion. By no community is business more eagerly and energetically pursued than by ours. But we have fortunately adopted the creed—and luckily our circumstances enable us to reduce it to practice—that man was not made to work only. Accordingly, though we do not neglect business, we yet refuse to allow it to monopolise the whole of our time, or absorb the bulk of our energies. We do not think there is any Anglo-Saxon com- munity under the sun that devotes so much time to pleasure as do the inhabitants of Australia—neither do we believe, on the other hand, that there is a community which works harder when giving itself to business. The round of pleasure on which we have just entered looms out into proportions which almost stagger us. Shall we be able to pull through the carnival without inflicting injury upon ourselves ? For three months we are to be in whirl of almost constant excitement. The ball was set rolling last week with the races. To-day we celebrate the birth of the Prince of Wales ; and we shall scarcely have got that over before the Duke of Edinburgh will be in our midst turning our heads. During the month he stays amongst us pleasure, al- though not supreme, will absorb an unusually large share of our attention. We shall scarcely have time to cool down our loyal fever after his departure before the time- honoured Christmas and New Year's festivi- ties will claim our devotion—a claim not to be resisted ; and when we have at last got through them, and once more put on the business harness, we shall find that the greater portion of three months has been spent in enjoying ourselves. Well, 'tis a miser- able heart that cannot abandon itself to jollity now and again—and such an excuse for doing so as we shall have to plead is surely a valid one. It is the first time a scion of our beloved Royal House has visited us, and it becomes us to rejoice and make merry on the occasion. But are we going to follow the fashion of the ancients, and have a skeleton at our feast ? We would hope not ; and yet we do not feel comfortably certain on the point. " Business first—pleasure after" is a good old maxim ; but good old maxims may sometimes be out of place. Politically we wish just at present to see it reversed ; but doubt whether our rulers will consent. They threaten us with a general election, to be carried on simul- taneously with our rejoicings. Now we pro- test against such an arrangement. Let it be postponed until the holidays are over. We can get on very well without it. The sun will rise to-morrow just the same whether Mr. M'Culloch and his lot are at the head of affairs, or whether they transfer the manage- ment to other hands. This week the Council threw out the Interim Supply Bill—and no convulsion of nature fpllowed. And though the friends of the Ministry may think with Lord Maidstone, that after them will come the deluge, we don't believe anything of the kind. It is a common fault of all political parties to imagine the whole machinery of life will come to a standstill if they are ejected from office. Nothing of the sort. They lodge themselves on the wheel of the state coach, and, as it makes its revolutions, cry out, " See what a dust we kick up !" But really they are not of anything like the im- portance their vanity leads them to imagine, and if we could only convince them of this it would be to their comfort and our benefit. Let them establish a political truce for the next three months—shut up both Houses— make the Governor dictator for that time— give him power to pay all just state debts— so that the people may abandon themselves to the revelry of the time without being troubled with a general election, or dreaming of deadlocks, or being bored with the relative privileges of the two Chambers of Legislature. We have had too much of this during the past nine months, and are heartily sick of it. Let us now have a spell of pleasure ; and then, when that is over, we will set to the work of patching up our dilapidated Constitution with a vigour which will be surprising. Messrs. our Rulers be kind and considerate enough to grant us a respite. We don't ask you to abate one jot of your pretensions— only hold them in abeyance. Do not bother us with your quarrels just now. We want to welcome the Queen's son, and , we don't want a general election. 