LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. It will be seen by our shipping report that Mr. Maoealister was a paeeenger by the Florenre Irving from Sydney yesterday morning. Various conjectures are afloat as to the cause of the hen. gentleman's eud den return, the prevalent impression being that the Acting Colonial Secretary, Mr. Bell, required his pro sence. Whether the Government have received secret intimation of an intended rising of the Fenians, or are terrified at the freaks of the Ghost of Ban Ban, we cannot say. All we Imow is that the premier is at thie helm once more, and thant we may, therefore, all join in singig " Fly henre each idle fcar"-unless indeed thle chief lhas arrived ols the scene to call in question the doings of his sturdy vassal, tie Minister for Worke, in which ease, we think, he would have done better to remain where lie was. Possibly, how ever, tIhese gueeses may be idle, and the real cause of our friend's reolurn m.y hove been a telegragphic mosn date from thie King of Toowoombo. The stewards of lthe North Anstralian Jockey Club publilsh this mnorning the programme of ltheir antual meelilng. o to tike pisec on lie .tih, 5th, uand Glt of June. Most of the prizes offered are somoewhlat lesls than thoseof lnst year;t thie enlranaes re also lower. Thanks to lthe wrichedl pettifogging of cerlni i iiem bers of the Assembhly, there is no Queci's Plale this year: imuchl good nay the ipaltry Ihunldred guineas soaved do thie coutllr ! A 75-sovaereigs Iaudicapl is r s bsli~utcd. Thre 'Tril Stakes oni the first dy, uand the Claret Stakes on the second, sre also omitted, tlils reducing the numher of events on those owe days firom six to five. The big ihandi caps ou tihe first itid last daOs ore brought doown tgnsi to £200) nud £150. The Weller, tie Ladies' Purse, .ite Selling Slikes, the Prince of Wales, and Corin thlill, with somse of the senoliler ones, relnain at sthe old lmiounts, allthough the eliranre to most of them is reduced, s at;e Ials.o the prizes for the Maiden Plate, the St. Legcr, and Ihe ]lurdle Races. In spite of all this, Ihowever, ithe progranmme put forth is a tempting oner, uand, after ithe loss eniniled last year,it must he rqeglrded as spiritued and libetrl. The registration of the Rev. Frederick Charles Jagg, Church of England clergysain, Sotmerset, as a " Min ister of cligion, &e.;, is notiled in Saturday's G~;ette. The recent rains have had a very beneficial effect on the cotton crops in this neighbourhood, still further invigorating the plants which, with few exceptions, were even previously in a flourishing state. In some cases the plants have shot up to an unusual height, and in almost evern instane the trees are laden wilh magniflcent pods. Pickinig lhas already commenced on a few f fnis, but a forlnight or three weeks will elapse before it will be general. The few patches of maize interspersed saiid the sea of cotton also look exceedingly will. IMr. ],ennon haIns groewing in hIis field a lew stalks of the species called 'Texas, whichl has only lately bceen istroduced. We believe some of it planted in the Botanical Gardens in ]Ieisbane sue cumbed to the hailstorm which proved fatal to so many choice plants. The grain is of very large size, and would prove of great value if suecessfully culti vated. As far as we can judge from this sample there appears no doubt that it would thrive well in this locality. The election of aldermen, to fill tile three vacancies in thle Municipal Council caused by the retirement of Messrs. Cluno, M'Donald, and Byrne, and also tile election of assessors, will take place to- day. The polling places are the Council Chamber, tile Bull's Head Inn, Little Ipswich, and the Railway Hotel, Nortlh Ipswich. The polling will begin at 9 a.m. and close at 4 p.m. The business of the Petty DebtsCourt will commence to-morrow. There are 127 cases for trial, of wlhich 20 are defended. A retunl is published in Saturday's Gazette of all moneys received and paid, in respect of the estates of deceased persons, by Wm. Pickering, Curator of In testate Estates, fonom the 1st of July to tile 31st of Decembe:. Tenders are invited for tile erection of an iron station at Toowoomha, similar to that at Laidley. A meeting of tile committee of the Athenian Cricket Club was held at thle Royal Oak Hotel, East-street, on Saturday evening. There was a full attendance, Mr. A. Stephenson in the chair. A good deal of busainess was transmcted. Thea secretary explained the cause of the postponement of the match with the Grammar School Club. Mr. Herbert Rogers was elected practice captain rice Capt. Vernor, resigned, and Mr. Atkineon'a seat on the committee was de kared acant through nonu-attendance. As several of the members are in arrears, the treasurer was directed to ?qnest them to pay up. The fsnenes are in a lourishing state. A challenge received from the Vie toria Club of Brisbane was resd, and a warm dieueion ensed n athe subject of its aceptanee. The question wae eventually decided in the affrmative, and the match will beplajed in Bribase on the 16th or 18th of next mont Batuy next is the time appointed feor thbe Oramma?r Sohoo match. Two new members wrve elected. The monthly parade of the members of No. 2 Bat tery, QV.A., by Adjutant Hunt of the 50th Begi ment, took place at air o'clook yesterday afternoon. Notwithstanding thatthe notice given wasezoeedingly short, there was a firltrate turn-out. There were present 4 corporals, 1 sergeant, 1 staff- sergeant, 2 offil cers, and 25 gunners. They were exereised at a variety of evolutions, which they performed to the satisfaction of the commanding ofloeer, who compli mented them on their general appearance and good attendance. About twenty of the members of thie Railway Fire Brigade assemsbled at the Railway paddock, at North Ipswich, ou Saturday afternoon, and, after a little pre liminary drill, crossed the bridge at the double- quitck, takingthe enginewilthtiem. Tlheythen proceededto tihe Water Reserve, where they were exercised at general practice for some time. They acquitted themselves very creditably on the whole; but it would be well if the task of issuing orders were confined to tile olfficers, for, as at present managed, the adage of "too many cooke spoil the broth" would not be inapplicable. On Saturday last a boy named William Makin, aged about teo years, had his right arm broken by a fall from a horse. He was couming into town in com pany with his father, when the hlorse bolted and thlrew bs He is now is the hospital and doing well. Tile nuisance of allowing hiroes and cattle, the latter especially, to stray about tihe streets at niight is again becoming very slrevalent. Some months ago, after a raid made by the police upon the offenders, it abated considerably, but since then no attention Ihas been paid to thie nmetter and the evil is as great as ever. P'erlsps Mir. Rnawlins will give the police a hint not to neglect their duty. Mr. Samuel Walker Grillith (son of thle Rev. E. Griffith, of Briebane), holder of thie Mort Travelling Fellowship (Sydney University), was a passenger by thle Yang-tsze, which arrived mn Sydney on tile 4th instant from London. Time Goernmeunel Gazerte is hardly likely ever to become a favourite study with the lovers of light literature, and yet a glance at its pages is ildisponseasble to some, and, amongst others, we ourselves are occa sionally obliged to poke our nose into it, much s tIo the annoyance of that sensitive organ. ,Why does the paper on whichl state edicts are printed always smell like a smouldering dust-heap, or something worse P One would have thought, considering the hands this publication must go into, that its pages should rather hare emitted a perfume as of Araby tlhau a repulsive and unwholesome stench. " What do thle Wild Wares say now ?P. is the Lead ing of a Brisbane ironmonger's advertisement; and thie answer given is that the bloikchester and other fine ships have come across tie stormy sea, and dis charged goods in prime condition, whihi thle adver tisers "are prepared to offer at prices, &c.;, &e.;, &c.;" Thie idea is not bad for a tradesman of Thebes. 