flT-lt •"., ^ d^wew VytttU ^ ^ THE — • a 4 SLEEP-WALKER; 'oV. jLnlhor of" Our iUlf," " Tin Woman In BUOI«ts. *U. CHAPTER LXIV. UST VHWBBSTBXAX.S, BT'MBS. OOEDON 8MYTBIE8, Oca travellers lost DO time, and once away from the glaciers and the snowy Alps, the great locomotive .power of thi) age—jjp.ighty steam—bore tbem safely through aairriands, and .across.the Channel.. y -< % .' . Lady Theresa's heart beat high/as, towards midnight, she drove in a fly, obtained at Saxmuudham, up the old avenue (one of the great beauties of the Priory Park), and found herself at the antique entrance of that fine olid monastic-looking building. Jack. Franks and Lord Beaurepaire had, sore against their wills, remained at the hotel where the fly had been hired; but Sir Arthur and Lady Theresa felt that it would not do to intrude two visitors on the very doubtful hospitality of Lord RoBemount. Jack Franks, perhaps, as the ai&anced; and long-expected bridegroom elect of Lady Barbara, might havgplaimed admittanceas a sort of right; but there, was no plea on which Beaurepaire could l;e included, and so it was. decided that Lord 'Beaurepaire and Jack, should stay at the S-—-Inn, until they heard from Sir Arthur or Lady Theresa. It was some time before any one appeared at door or window, and yet, at the lodge: through whioh they had passed. a sleepy old man had said, in answer to Lady Theresa's anxious inquiries, that they. were all well up at the Priory, for.aught he knew to the contrary. When, at length, a wiudow was opened, a light danced from window to window, and a head came cautiously out, after a sash had been noiselessly lifted. It proved to be the head of oldjAh^Goshawk, the housekeeper, in a high- ca^^.joluminously-frilled nightcap, and an old •flannel gown, with as many capes as a hackney coachman usedto :have. Whe^she understood who the itimates of the fiy^ftre, she agreed to hasten dovm and to admit tjiem'. This done, Lady Theresa soon ascertained that her beloved mother had left the Priory some days before. Old Goshawk pre;euded not to know whither she had gone, but she believed, as before, to foreign parti). This the malignant old woman said with a chuckle. Lord Rosemount and Lady Barbara, she added, were gone to spend a few days at Lord Alton's (a neighboring seat) ; they were to return on the morrow. At the evasive and unsatisfactory account old Goshawk gave of Lady Rosemount, poor Theresa's cheeks grew deadly pale, and her heart sank. Now, and, indeed, throughout this trying and most torturing journey, Theresa felt all the blessed help and comfort, solace, support, and sympathy a good husband can afford to a suffering wife. Ever since the receipt of her sister's letter, Lady Theresa had refused to associate at all with anyone but Sir Arthur. Indeed, her terror, her fears, her hysterical anguish unfitted . . her for any . company, „-,.-. but , that of , him . who . , sworn 8t God s al,ar to lore and chorlah ^ her. And well did he, on this trying occasion, fulfil his vow to heaven and to her. There was nothing that the most passionate and devoted love could desire, or that the most forecasting, most anxious tenderness could conceive, that (be lover-husband did not do during this journey—amply rapid by being the all in all to the wife of his bosom, and by seeing that, in her sacred grief, she found no comfort but in his lore, no shelter .but iu his bosom. He told Lord Beaurepaire and Jack Pranks frankly, that Lady Theresa was in such grief and terror about her mother that even their company would bo an intolerable restraint to her, and, of course, as gentlomen, they were compelled, alter so broad a hint, to confine themselves solely to each other's society. With that great love that never stops to calculate oost, Sir Arthur retained in every train a carriage solely for Lady Theresa and himself, and as- the first class carriages on foreign trains are replete with luxuries, all that physical comfort could do to ease mental distress was done by Sir Arthur for his mourning bride. Duringthe whole journey his fierce familiar, the evil spirit of his life, tho vulture of his heart, the demon of his soul, never once stuck fang or claw into his vitals. And now he is with her at the home of her childhood, and he tends her like a fond mother. Thinking that tea — woman's universal panacea 1 whether countess or cottager, duchess or dairymaid — might restore and comfort her, he.helped to kindle the fire, he saw that the water boiled, for old Goshawk was very slow and sulky, and said the men- Bervants were with my lord, and if the maids were disturbed the lazy husseys would not be up till nine; and so Sir Arthur made the tea, and toasted a slice of bread, and persuaded his fainting bride to take this refreshment because he bad prepared it for her. And as she took the tea and toast from his hand she rallied a little, and suddenly a bright smile, a smile like sunshine, flashed across her face. She sat up, clasped her hands, and said— " Oh, Arthur I such a bright idea has just now crossed my mind. Tou may remember I told you I fully explained to my own darling mother the secret of the trap-door in the oratory, and when I did so, she said, ' Well, my Theresa, if I should ever be in any peril at the Priory—but I do not believe I shall, for 1 think your father is an altered man—but if I should, I, too, wiil avail myself of that secret stair and subterranean passago, and I hope the Black Bear will have been so frightened and so punished by Sir Arthur's pistol, that he will have shifted his quarters. At any rate, if tho passage opens out on the beach, it cannot be very far from the little farm Tomkinson has purchased by the sea, and he and his wife, I know, would shelter and hide me until I should be able to communicate with you!' Those were dear mamma's words, Arthur," eaid Lady Theresa, " and something like a good angel's voice has just whispered in my ear that she has made her escape through that very passage, to which we owe our happinoss, my darling! Let us go and see if I am right." " As soon as we have got quite rid of that olc 5 . harpy, I will escort you, my love," said Sir Arthur. At this moment old Goshawk came in to say that she had prepared th« state-rooms for ir^thnran^iia bride, and, with their leave, jmld retire to bed. ^ ?13ir Arthur and JL Lady,'Theresa listened and tt afehed tijl they heard 1% ascend the back tai airs, and saw her .ligh t flash from the housekeeper's windows, and then died out. "Now, darling;" said Sir Arthur; put this warm cloak arouud you, and let me fasten the hood under your chin. Now for a lamp. There! lean on pie, my angel—my wife!". . Together they passei! case, and entered the ^ratory. '^ydfijliur, who'knew the secret of the trapBWapf ell, lifted it, and they descended into tbe subterranean passage. CHAPTER LXV.. "How kind, how truly "kind you are to trie, dearest," said the young bride, as leaning on her husband's strong arm, she made her way through that dark, vaulted passage, along which, a few weeks before, she had hurried as a timid, trembling girl, to meet her lover. " Oil," she,added, taking his hand, and pressing it so her lips with ferror. " if I do bnt find my darling mother alive and well, 1 shall feel that I am tho happiest of created beings, and never, never shall I forget how patiently, ;ho,w tenderly,you have borne withme, Arthur, •during this dreadful time of anxiety and •jalarm." * " Theresa, my beloved one," Sir Arthur replied, do not blame me, and do not think me oruel and selfish when I say that the happiest part of my,brief married life, as yet, has been that we have .passed together since this great trouble about your dear mother. Anxiety and sorrow, my dear Theresa, seem; to have driven you to your natural shelter and refuge—a husband's bosom! Tou have been so exclusively, so entirely mine, and mine only, for these last few days, and I love you with so jealous, so exacting, so rapacious a love, that I grudge any and every other man one timid glance of those dear, dark «yes, one smile of those sweet lips, one moment of that time, one iota of that attention I am selfish enough to wish to engross entirely. Oh, Theresa, you who are not a child of the sun' you whose love is a sweet womanly affection,' not a madness, a fever, a racing fire liko mine; you can,form no conception of the agony I endure when other men are round you, when their bold eyes feast on your beauty, and you, in youf innocent mirth, smile upon thsm, not knowing, not guessing what wretches they are; and there is not one of them who does not violate the tenth commandment when he looks at you, not one" who does not envy me, my darling, and covet Vou for himself." i " Oh, Arthur, you fancy all men see me with your partial eyes; but, indeed, it is not so. _ There is not at this moment one who envies you, or covets your poor, silly wife.' . " Every one of those good monks doei Beaurepaire, I know, loved you with sucl i love as he can feel before you were married to me, and now that he has saved your life, and fancied himself your Paul, and you his Virginia, the coxcomb is madly in lore with yo\i again—nay, even Jack Franks" " Oh, Arthur, fie! he is my sister's accepted suitor, her affianced husband." And what of that ? Can lie admire Barbara when you are by ? I hope I do not wrong honest Jack, for he is, or rather was, my most intimate and kiudest friend, but I own there is something inexplicable, something mysterious in his behavior. I cannot quite make him out; I used to be able to read hi6 every thought and feeling in his clear frank eyes; but either my jealous imagination is Iikp Hamlet imagined his mi;lit be, "as foul as Vulcan's stithy," or else he is not so open with me as he used to be. He averts bis eye—he has something to conceal, and that something is—oh, Theresa, I fear it is love for you I" " What nonsense, Arthur," said the young wife; " he never cared for me. Oh, whither will this morbid jealousy lead you, my love ?" " Theresa," said Sir Arthur, " I should be delighted to be convinced that I am mistaken. It is very painful to me to doubt and mistrust one who, before I knew you, was my most intimate friend, my confidant; but even you must own, that both in the casbs of Beaurepaire and himself, there was something very mysterious, very questionable in the former waylaying, the latter following us during our wedding'tour. What object could they h-ive had in toiling up to the hospice of St. Bernard, except to be with you? They have both been there before, and both give a very evasive, confused, and unsatisfactory account of their olject in getting there just in time to be of our party." " But how could they tell that we should go there at all, dearest?" asked Theresa. "Oh, they knew that we were at Chamouni, and, of course, they guessed we should visit St. Bernard; besides, I rather think I told Jack Pranks we meant to take St. Bernard on our way. Well, my love, Beaurepaire, who, where beauty is concerned, is a modern Lovelace, paid very dearly for his treachery, if it was as I imagiue. He very nearly lost his life— but, who is that? I am certain I saw a lantern !" " Oh, dearest ! if it should be the Black Bear!" cried Theresa. " No, my Live, I don't think he will trouble us again. I feel pretty sure he lias shifted his quarters; but let us draw up behind this angle, and turn the dark side of our lantern out.' Now see, some one is coining this way —an old tottering fellow. We need not fear him. " No indeed," cried Lady Theresa, " we need not fear him, it is <?oar old Tomkinson; and I feel sure lie can tell me something about my beloved mother. Oh, Arihur, my heart beats so I can scarcely speak. Alas ! if aught of evil has befallen mamma, I shall die ou the spot." By this time tlioy were close to the old butler, who wheu he saw them started back as if he had seen a ghost, or worse still, Lord Rosemouut. After a little while ho" recognized them, and set Lady Theresa's fears at rest, by saying— " The gracious powers be praised! this will be good news for my dear lady. I was on my way to the Priory, to listen if I could find out anything about your ladyship ; for your blessed ma, my dear and honored lady, don't dare put pen to paper, she's so afraid of my lord's finding out where she is." " And where is she, Tomkinson ? Ob, take us to her directly," cried Theresa. " That I will, and glad, my lady. Her ladyship will tell you all sho've gone through, dear blessed angel that she is! but sbe can't hear a word said against my lord. So, as a still tongue makes a wise head, I'll leave it all-to her ladyship to tell you herself. But I must first mention, in order that you mayn't m be top muoh shooked, ibat my lady' has had a very bad illness, and looks the ghost of her former beant : .ful self, and I'm *rry to add, my lord carried his cruelty so far as to break oge of her blessed armsA And'-don't be surprised that her ladyship is in my poor little farm-house, and has humhled herself to pass for my niece. I'm married again, and my second wife, as was my lady's own woman, is a oomfortable partner. You know, my lady, I was left a widower, with onevieoe, and she married and went to India, so* I've made believe this'is my niece come back, and my lady has put a widow's cap on her beautiful hair, and put on acommon black dress, suited to a poor soldier's widow, and with a pair of spectacles,.and an apron, you'd hardly know her yourself; my lady, and I'm certain surl no stranger would-ever guess who she really is. To be sure her hands do look very white, and her face, and form, and way are very •noble; but she doesn't go into any company; only the farm people know, of course, there's some strange female living with us, ana that's why I was obliged to make up that ere history, for which God forgive me 1 But, bless my heart alive, wasn't it a wonderful tiring, my lady, all the years I've lived io this neighborhood, and in the Priory itself, I never knew, and never heard tell of this here subterranean pajgge till my lady showed it to me. I am q"e certam neither my lord, nor any one about- the PnWy has the least notion of snch a contrivance—no, not even old Goshawk." As the old man prattled on, they emerged from the secret passage into the churchyard by the sea, and, guided by-Tomkinson, they were soon at the door of his own little farmhouse. " Look'ee, my lady," he said to Theresa, " look'ee in at this window. There's mv la-ly sitting reading by the fire. Lawk-a-daisy, how natural she do look, with her widow's cap and her white apron; no one would ever know it was the blessed lady that I've attended to Court and to Court balls dozens of times, all feathers, and diamonds, and lace, and satins, out and out, the finest lady of that, grand beauty show at St. James's Palace." Theresa gazed through the diamond , panes of the cottage casement, with tear£,in her eves. Por a moment she doubted whether she should have known her beloved mother in that disguise ; but directly she moved, the grace and dignity of the th»rough-bred lady became apparent. Still, she could have wept to see how pale, and van, and hollow-eyed she looked, and she shuddered to see that Lady Rosemouni's arm was iu a sling. " Go in first, Tomkinson, and tell mamma we are here," she said, " or the surprise might be too great for her in her weak state." Tomkinson obeyed. Ludy Theresa awaited the moment when sho should know, from " the orieut blusii of quick surprise" iu her mother's face, that Tomkinson had revealed all, and tho ..est minute she was weeping on that mother's breast. (To be continued.) v 