YORKE'S PENINSULA ANmUh i , BACES.v J0D GKKf—Capt. A. France/ " * Stabtee—Mr W. Martin. Stewabp^—Messrs J. Curti^ & Honey, and A, Bsiker-.i ( " " These;sports came off on Monday and Tuesday* upon the Bacecourse between 3£adina and Wallaroo. Preparations for them had been in active progress for* some time previously, and their promoters, who consisted of most of the lovers of horseracing resident in the three townships, had been making great efforts to carry out their object successfully, particularly in the most important matter of " raising the wind/' and the result in this respect being the collection by subscription and otherwise the ** isSaii of £90—no inconsiderable amount these bad times. It was at one time a moot point with the ^Committee whether the races should Ibe held on a piece of ground near the Bald Hills or at the old course, it being the opinion of those favourable to the latter locality that the sports, if held there, would attract all the pleasure-seekers of Moontafas well as those of Wallaroo and Kadina, but, on the contrary, if held on the old course, persons only from Wallaroo and Kadina would be in attendance. Happily these views wore overruled, for it is very obvious that if they prevailed with the niajorifcy of -the Committee, and were carried out, subscribe^ of the two latter townships would feel themselves aggrieved, for the most of them, had subscribed their money with the tacit understanding that the races should take place on the old spot, and those subscribers would therefore very naturally in all probability refrain from being present on the course. The Committee decided upon one point of action, which has since been much called into question, which was that no horses should be allowed to enter that were not for two months previous to the races " within twenty miles of the racecourse/' and " be the bona fide property of a person living on the Peninsula for that time/' The adoption of this course would, it was argued, keep the subscriptions within the district, and there is no doubt that it would, but it was well known that the number of racehorses in the district was very few, and, it may be added, of indifferent quality, and this " protective'' policy-must, of course, reduce to a minimum the quality and therefore interest of the racing. And so it turned; out. There were but two..«»tries for the Maidens, and alikenumber for the Yorke's Peninsula Plate, the two most important events of Monday, and in each one of the races one of the horses had it all his own way, so that of real sport in these cases there was comparatively none. And we venture to point out that if this course be adhered to in future many people will be chary of subscribing to the support of such meagre exhitions of horse-racing. We know it is urged by some that thik restriction of racing to Peninsula horses will have the effect of -encouraging sportsmen here to devote their -attention to the breeding of racehorses, and that we shall have better sport in future; * Jbut this is all " bosh," because the prizes to be offered in this district for many a year to oome' will not by any means be sufficiently > enticing for that purpose. Wellknown, it ipay be mentioned, was bred in the district, and is the first horse of that description that has ^ ever competed in a public race on the Peninsula. But wq may add he has not been bred as a racer. It is to be hoped that in future this prohibitive policy may be done .away with. There are good- horses in the Clare district that, if permitted, would come . here as heretofore, and by the addition of /which we might expect interesting competition. By the way we wonder what the Clare people think of this restrictive line of . .conduct, particularly at the present time, when exertions are making by the people ^>f both districts for the formation of another <bort of line? • To secure the exclusive use of the .racecourse for two days, Mr Haselgrove wrote for p^rmissfofi to that effect to the Commis.sioaer of Crown X<ands, and such permission was kindly accorded by that gentleman. The Committee were therefore empowered to prevent the erection of any refreshment booth or stalls, whose owners failed to comply with x the Committee's regulations. It had been decided that three booths only should be erected, the privilege of erection to be by lot- Ten publicans tried their luck, and the successful ones were Messrs Haselv grove and Andrewartha of Wallaroo, and Mr Curtis of Xadina. The grand stand fell to Mr Haselgrove, and a "wery sing'lar coincidence " it is, as Sam Weller would say, that the grand stand has fallen to his lot for three years- successively. There was no music on the ground, and for this omission the Committee were blamed by the majority of, the assemblage ; but-the amount of money subscribed was too small to enable the Committee to do so. To insist on the attraction of music on $ ra'ceground would be super fluous. Another little grievance we have been requested to point out. A stand had been improvised for the judge and stewards, for whom there was not much more than comfortable standing room in it, but this stand was upon the occasion of each race allowed to be rushed by anybody, and the consequence was that the judge and stewards had sometimes to fight hard to get a front position. These little matters disposed of, we proceed to the First Day, The weather was as fine as could be desired. The sky was cloudless, and a pooling gentle wind prevailed. Throughout the townships the day was pretty generally observed as one of public rejoicing, as was evidenced by the bunting gaily streaming from various hotels and stores, the closed shops, the rattling of traps, the caracoling of horses, and especially by the number of people abroad v of all ages and ehtsses, with pleasure in their looks, and attired for the most part in their Sunday habiliments. It had been arranged by the Railway Company that special trucks should run between the course and the townships, and all the busses and trucks in the possession of the company were put into requisition for the conveyance of the passengers. In Wallaroo, about 11, throngs -of people * proceeded towards the station, in front of which lines of trucks had been drawn up, and these were speedily filled to cramming—indeed, it was quite a sight to see .the eagerness with which people scrambled into them, and the pushing and jamming' that followed. Crinolines were rumpled without compunction and without rumpling the tempers of their fair owners, who seemed to like the novelty and fun of the thing amazingly. For a considerable time afterwards train after train continued to leave Wallaroo with its living freight to the course. On arriving there, about halfpast 12, we found that several hundreds of people were on the ground, and others were in course of arrival from all quarters by the trucks, in all sorts of conveyances, on horseback, and on foot, but of those only a very few. Besides the three booths on the ground, there were refreshment tents, and a few peripatetic sellers of sweetmeats and knicknacks. . The booths were crowded with customers, and continued to be so during the intervals of the races through^ out the afternoon. The racecourse was in capital order, the recent rains having somewhat hardened its somewhat sandy soil and caused the grass to spring up in tolerable profusion. The appeari snce of the course was of a more pleasing character than we ever remember to have seen it before on the occasion of a race meeting. Its early carpet of verdure was a cheering sight, enhanced, too, as it was not -only by the view- of several^icnic parties peeping out from between the pretty fringe of scrub by which it is partly surrounded, but by a considerable number of persons, who, on horseback, in traps,' or on foot, were scattered in all directions over its surface. In consequence, too, of the rain, there was little iannoyance occasioned by the dust; and | the riders were thus enabled to be seen in | their passage round the course. j The first race was the maidens. Oi 15 sov8- Entrance, one guinea, One mile heats. Parnell & Bowman's g.m. Chiystalline, 5 yrs, 9st 121b ... ... ... (Ferguson) 1 1 Mr W. Tremberth's g.m. Flower, 4 yrs, 9st 61b ... ... ... (Wearn) 2 2 In starting Chrystalline led, followed shortly by her opponent, but they had gone but a few hundred yards when Flower bolted off the course, and by the time she was again brought on Fergy was a long distpice ahead. Wearn used his utmost exertions to push his mare along and retrieve as much as possible his ill-luck, although it was evident he hadn't the remotest chance of making a race of it. Ferguson passed the winning-post with the mare held hard, Flower being some fifty yards in the year. In the second heat Flower was slightly in the van, but was soon overtaken by Chrystalline. Wearn tried hard to keep pace with his opponent, and punished his mare rather indiscreetly, it was thought, but he hadn't I the ghost of a chance to win, and Chrystalline again came in the winner by about thirty yards amidst deafening cheers. Time, 2 min. 12 sec. ' i yoeke's peninsula plate. i Of 20 eovs. Two guineas entrance. Two heats. Parnell & Bowman's g.g. Wellknown, 4 yrs, 9st 61b ... ... ... (Ferguson) 1 1 Mr R. Honey's b.h. Playboy, aged, 9st 121b ... ... ... (Williams) 2 dr Playboy looked in first rate condition, and it was confidently anticipated by many that he would be the successful horse. A ,keenlycontested race was looked for. Wellknown was known to have some bottom in him, and besides he had youth in his favor, which Playboy#liad not. Both horses were ridden by experienced jockeys. Wellknown led off, the other a little in the rear. When about half way round, Playboy came up with the other, and then to the winning-post there was a splendid neck and neck race. Oh commencing the second round,, however, Playboy evidently thought he had had enough of running for once, for he suddenly dropped behind to the surprise^ of everybody great disgust of his backers. Williams tried manfully to urge him on, but it was no go, and in coming in was almost distanced. In the second heat Playboy was withdrawn, and Fergy walked over the course. hack race. Of 5 sovs, with entrance, 10s 6d, added. One and a-half mile heats. Mr Mark Sullivan's ban. Chance, 5 yrs (Griffiths) 1 1 Mr It: Heath's b.li. Bob, aged (Williams) 4 2 Mr T.. Tate's b.h. Gramecock, 5 yrs (Woodwood) 2 3 Mr Hopkins' Kitty St. John, aged ^V^remberth'scli.h.Tommy,aged (Wearn) 0 dr -Kitty St. Jft>hn, Chance, and Gramecock started, but Bob was held back, his rider contending that no start had been made. ^Lhe last three came to the winning post in tih© order we have named, and Graham claimed to have won the heat. Hereupon a bo,t dispute arose, which after some time was settled by the stewards deciding that a false stabt had been made. The fcur then went away round the course and came in—Chance If Gramecock 2, and Kitty 3. The next heat, which was an interesting contest, was won by Chance. Shortly before the running of the foregoing race, the Moonta Hand came upon the course, and taking up their position some distance from the booths, commencedplaying, and in a few minutes they were surrounded by some hundreds of people, glad to hear the welcome strains of music. hubby skubey. Mr J. Condon's Nimrod 10 1 Mr T. Thomas' Blackboy ... ... 0 1 0 Mr J". Richards' Prince ... ... 0 2 0 Mr -Mitchell's Boucaut ... .... ... 2 0 0 Mr C. Bertram's Q.uiz, 4 yrs Mr Martin's Charlie Mr Graham's Kitty This concluded the sports of thp day. The proceedings passed off without accident. There was but little drunkenness and no quarrelling. Corporal Besley, with nearly all the troopers and constables, was present, but their services were not required to quell any quarrel or " to comprehend any vagrom men* The judge, it may be remarked, although a _ novice in office, performed his onerous duties in a manner that gave satisfaction to all. The majority of the spectators left the course before dark, and all we believe returned home without accident. r Second Day. The attendance was meagre, as indeed had been expected, There were, perhaps, two or three hundred people on the ground. The first race was the publicans' purse. ' Of 20 sovs. One and a-half mile heats. Env trance* £1108. Parnell & Bowman's Wellknown (Ferguson) 1 *1 Mr Tremberth's Flower ... ... 2 2 Wellknown won both heats easily. hurdle race. Of 15 sovsi. One and a-half mile heats. One guinea entrance. The hurdles to be 3 feet 9 inches high. Parnell & Bowman's Wellknown 11 Mr Tremberth's Tommy ... ... ... 2 2 The hurdles were a perfect farce, and were absurdly ill-calculated to test the jumping capabilities of a horse. Any " moke" would have been ashamed to refuse them. They were formed of thin stakes, about three and a half feet high, interlaced with scrub leaf, and any horse could see that if he couldn t jump over them he could without any danger to himself easily jump through them,—a feat, indeed, which Tommy perfosmed at each hurdle. On starting Tommy went away at a roaring pace, leaving Wellknown far in the rear. Just before reaching the first hurdle the rider J lost his stirrup, and so lost for a time his command over Tommy, who slewed to the left and passed the hurdle instead of going over it. Wellknown went over in splendid style. Before Tommy could be pulled up he had forged a long way ahead, but he being obliged to go back and go over, gave Wellknown an opportunity of having the . heat to himself. Fergy took his horse over all the hurdles, but Tommy made a breaeh through the tops of every one of them and came in a long way behind his rival. In the second heat Tommy took the lead and was first over the first hurdle. At the second hurdle both horses went over together and ran neck and neck until they neared the third hurdle, when Wellknown gained upon Tommy, and was first over. Thence to the next hurdle and to the winning post Wellknown gained upon Tommy considerably, and came in a winner by a long distance. beaten stakes. Of £10. One and a-half. mile heats. Entrance, 10s 6d. Mr Honey's Playboy ... 2 1 ! Mr Trembeith's Flower ... 1 dis i Playboy took the lead by a few yards and preserved the distance from Flower until half way round the course, when Plovrer crcpt gradually up to within a yard or two. The [ match now became hotly contested, and it was doubtful which would win, but in passing . the winning post Flower was about a length and a half ahead. This was considered to be the inost interesting race that had taken ulace during the meeting. In the second hoar Flower took the lead, and after the first half mile had passed Play- , boy began to cock Ms tail, which, when- j ever he feels he is getting done tip, he ✓ ) hoists as a signal of distress. Mower now ( begun to gain rapidly on the old boy, and v when everybody began to look upon her as { the winner she suddenly came to grief by • bolting oft* the course. Playboy, in the mean- - 1 time, went on a considerable way in advance. Flower was brought again into the right road and was gaining rapidly on Playboy, when , she again bolted, and after this hadn't the ; remotest chance against Playboy, who was 1 • accordingly declared the winner. Captain France here having vacated the Judgeship, another gentleman was appointed in his stead. The last race was a Hurry Skurry.. Entries—Quiz, Gamecock, Bob and Bobby. In both heats Bob was victorious, although Quiz would undoubtedly have taken tne Stakes had he not have bolted with his rider, Mr Heath, in both heats. This closed the Easter races on the Penin- , sula. # A. fight or two took place during the after* noon, but the combatants were speedily separated by the police. Generally,' orcbr •• was the order of the day and of the course^: too. It will have been seen that the iracinflf * on the whole was not good, although to ^a few > —and more power to them—highly §atis- factory. During the afternoon an accident took place a notice of which will he found elsewhere. % 