CITY MUNICIPAL COUNCIL. The Council met on Tuesday evening last, pursuant to adjournment from the previous Thursday. There were present — Aldermen Adam, Christie, Winship, Chapman, Stokes, Henderson, Hannell, and his Worship the Mayor, Dr. Brookes. CORRESPONDENCE AND REPORTS. Under this head the Town Clerk read the following letters and reports :- Letter from Captain Charles Robertson. — THis gentleman wrote asking the Council's permission to form a footpath to the Congre- gational Church — the footpath to extend from the Primitive Methodist Chapel, up to the wooden platform, leading to the Congrega- tional Church. Letter from' Mr. Ash. — This was an appli- cation to be allowed to lower the kerbing, opposite to Mr. Ash's new buildings in Church street, so as to make the back premises easy of access. Leave was granted ; the work to be done under the supervision of the Surveyor. Report of Select Committee. — The Mayor brought up a progress, report of the select committee appointed by the Council on the 4th instant, to negotiate certain matters with the general superintendent of the A. A. Com- pany, E. C. Merewether, Esq. The following is the report in question : — Your committee beg to report that at an interview with that gentleman on Monday last, they found him adhering in the main to the opinions set forth in his letter to the Council of date July 30th, 1866\. Your committee therefore desire, under the circumstances, merely to report pro- gress and ask to be allowed to make an inquiry into the records of the Council before being called upon for their final report on the sub- ject.' The report was adopted. The Formation of Footpaths.---Ald. Adam moved his postponed motion, having reference to the formation of footpaths. The motion was to the effect that a bye-law, be prepared giving the Council power to regulate the for- mation of footpaths in the Municipality. The mover said he had but little to add to what he had stated before when the same subject was discussed. Such a law, he considered, was highly necessary, as now any person could form a footpath with any sort of material, and at an improper level. He thought the passing of a bye-law was the only thing which could be done to meet fullythe requirements of the case. The objection, that the new Municipal Act would soon become law, was no valid object- tion to his motion ; the same thing had been urged for years,. and stood like,. the ghost of Hamlet, to keep the Council from exercising powers it might and ought to exercise. By passing a law of this sort no inconveniences could arise, because, if they found a road too low, they would not be compelled to make the owners of property, whose footpaths were in front of the road, lower the footpaths to the level of the road. Any deviation the Council agreed to, could be made in accordance with law. As to the framing of the bye-law, that was not his duty. The Council had retained the services of a town clerk and a solicitor, and he thought it was the business of these parties to frame bye-laws for the aldermen. — The Mayor thought it would be better — as no one seconded it — to discharge the motion from the paper. — Ald. Hannell said, if necessary, he would move that the motion be discharged from the paper. When the new Act was passed it would give the Council every power. — Ald. Winship did not think the motion was a necessary one. Ald. Chapman suggested that Ald. Adam postpone the motion for a week, by which time a bye-law could be pre- pared.--Ald. Adam declined acceding to the suggestion.--After some further observations from Alds. Hannell, Chapman, and Christie, the Mayor struck the item off the business paper, and dealt with it as a lapsed motion. Surveyor's Report on the Lake Macquarie Road. —A report from. Mr. Gardiner was read stating that, he had made an estimate of the expense of sodding the embankment on the Lake Macquarie Road, and found that it would take 150 cubic yards ; the cost per yard would be about 2s. 6d., and the expense of the whole work £18 15s. — The Mayor mentioned that the Surveyor was away on leave of absence through the sudden illness of one of his children. — Ald. Adam moved that the extra work specified by the Surveyor in his formor report, and necessary to make a permanent job of the work be allowed by the Council. — Ald. Christie thought tenders for the work ought to be called for. — Aid. Stokes considered if the work was necessary now, it ought to have been included in the specifica- tion at first. If this system went on the Council would never know what amount was going to be spent in improvements. — Ald. Christie agreed with Ald. Stokes, that the work ought to have been included in the ori- ginal specification. Several of' the aldermen said the idea of sodding was an after thought of the Surveyors: It was not absolutely ne- cessary, but it would improve the road very much. — Ald. Chapman seconded the motion of Ald. Adam for the extra work to be allowed. After some further unimportant conversation, the motion was put and carried. Tenders for -Repair of Maitland Road. — The tenders for the repair of the Maitland road between Newcastle aud the White Gates, (four in number) were opened and read. They were as follows :— 1. From Mr. Charles Matthews offering to do the work according to plan and specification, and to the satisfac- tion of the Surveyor,, at -a rate of 1s. 8d. per cubic yard. 2. From Mr. James Russell of- feringj to do the. work for, 2s. per yard. 3. From Mr. Henry Mayhew offering to do it for 9s. (nine shillings) per yard. (Laugh- ter.) 4. From E. Perry, offering to do the work for 1s. 10d. per yard. On the mo- tion of Ald. Christie, seconded by Ald. Winship, the tender of Mr. Matthews (on the ground of its being the lowest) was accepted. \--Ald. Adam inquired if Mr. May- hew's tender was the. last sent in'— The Clerk said it was.— Ald.' Adam : That's what we got for postponing the tenders, and giving an ex- tension of time. (A laugh.) He (Mayhew) has the laugh of us now. (Laughter.) Can the Clerk say if the Matthews' tender is the one that was withdrawn and altered.--The Clerk said he believed it was, judging by the writ- ting ;--of course he could not say if the tender was altered or not.-- Ald. Adam said this was just the reason why he opposed the tenders being postponed ; it was unfair to those who tendered first, as the price if tenders might get disclosed.--Ald. Hannell : It had not been so in this case.---Ald Christie : We can't tell that. —The' motion for accepting Mr. Matthew's tender was then put and carried. MOTIONS. The Order of Motions.---The Mayor, in call- on the motions, remarked that Ald. Hannell's motion was numbered first, but he proposed to alter the arrangement and call it on last. He did so because being an item of expense, it ought properly to be included with the es- timates.--Ald. Hannell, with some warmth, protested against any such deviation from the usual plan, as that proposed by the Mayor. His motion was first given in and marked No 1, by the clerk, and he most strongly pro- tested against it being put last at the caprice of the Mayor or anyone else. The Mayor had no right to do so. If he had asked his (Aid. H's) permission he should not have cared, but being done in the way it had been he should most emphatically protest against it. He did so on principle, us it was calculated to set aside the independent action of alderman. This motion'had always been dealt with in this way, and he could use no reason why it should not continue to be so.--The Mayor said Ald. Hannell was under a misapprehan- sion. He, as Mayor, had a perfect right to ar- range the business programme. The number of the motion was not altered, it was simply the arrangement, which was quite an arbitrary matter. As so much was insisted upon, he, if he had liked, could have demanded to have his own motions put first, as they were in the town clerk's ollice two days before Aid. Han- nell's motion was. He, however, would not raise a questiou of that kind. The objection he could but remark, came with bad grace from Ald. Hannell, who had once ruled a similar motion illegal.--[Ald, Hannell: Because no notice of the motion had been given.]— The Council, properly speaking, had no right lo deal with this motion, as it involved an ex- penditure of money. — [Ald. Hannell : Rule it out of order.] — He should not do that ; he was was only giving certain reasons for his actions. He had taken no liberty whatever, nor done anything he had not a perfect right to do. He only intended to suggest that the motion should tand over. — Aid. Hannel said: What was the course pursued.' The' clerk was looking for his (Ald. H's) motion to call it on in the usual way, when he was told not to do so by the Mayor. As for the time the letter was in the office, that was nothing to the point, as it did not become the property of the Council until it was given notice of in a formal way at a meeting of the Council. But once before the Council, no one had' a right to tamper with it. As to the motion he was alleged to have de- clared illegal, no notice of the same had ever been given, which was the only ground on which he rofused to accept it. Taking the mo- tion of an alderman standing at the top and placing it at the bottom of the list, was an in- fringement of their liberty which he hoped the aldermen would not permit from anyone, even though he happened to be the Mayor. The whole thing had been done without rhyme or reason. — The Mayor reiterated his opinion, that the whole affair was only a matter of ar- rangement. No harm could be done by placing it last on the programme. — Ald. Han nell : It may not suit me to remain here all the evening until the last motion comes on for discussion.--The Mayor: That is a very small matter compared with the interests of the Council and the public generally. — After a remark or two from Ald. Adam agreeing with Ald. Hannell, that the motions should be called on in their proper order, the subject dropped, and the Mayor called on the motion in question first— in its proper order. Tenders for Printing and Advertising.--Ald. Hannell then moved that tenders for printing and advertising for the current year be called for. It was important to pass such a motion to prevent any unfair patronage being bestowed, and to prevent jealousies or misunderstandings arising.--Ald. Stokes seconded the motion--The Mayor moved an amendment to the effect that a distinction be made between the job printing and the advertising, and that tenders be called for all stationery and job printing required to be done, and that the advertisements of the Council be inserted at the fixed price of 25 per cent under the S. M. Herald's prices.--In sup- port of his motion he argued that calling for ten- ders for advertising was a bad plan an it was an injury to the Council, by preventing the extra publicity the advertisements would get by being inserted in two papers instead of one. The job printing was a legitimate subject for contract, but the other was not. -Ald. Adam seconded the amendment, but did not altogether agree with it. He was in favour of the advertisements being given to both papers, because he had seen the evils of the other system, which led to want of publicity and made men do what they could not afford to do. He could see no reason why the Council could not afford to pay the ordinary rates for its advertisements. He was, opposed to the 25 per cent under the Herald's prices, and would rather pay the published prices of the papers. — Ald. Stokes believed it would be best to call for tenders as usual.— The Mayor adopted the suggestion of Ald. Adam and by permission of the Council altered it accordingly. — Ald. Han- nell also made an addition to his motion, by adding the words "and all stationery required for the current year." Ald. Hannell replied. He hoped it would be borne in mind that according , to the Mayor printing, was not worth as much in Newcastle as in Sydney. It was impossible for the Council to dictate to any tradesman, as he was the best judge of what he could do a given amount of work for. If the amendment were carried there was nothing to prevent the Mayor from giving all the advertisements to one paper if he chose. He still thought the old plan of calling for tenders the best. The Mayor said he rose to reply on his amend- ment. Ald. Hannell : I take objection to that al- together Mr. Mayor. You have no right of reply on an amendment---no one but the mover of the original motion has a right of reply. Such a thing is unheard of in any deliberative body in the world. The Mayor : I rise to explain--- Ald., Hannell :- I distinctly refuse to recognise your right to say a word in reply, and beg to refer you to the bye-law on the subject. Tho Mayor (still standing) : I will make an explanation, and shall not permit any alderman to prevent me or to guide me as to what I ought to do. Ald. Hannell : I protest against your doing so, as it is a monstrous invasion of my rights. The Mayor then briefly stated that he fully intended by his amendment that both papers should have the advertisements. Ald. Hannell said it was not what was meant but what the resolution stated. The Mayor stated if no other alderman wished to speak, he shall proceed to put the question. Ald. Hannell : Why you call on me to reply, and reply yourself, and them invite aldermen to make another speech. The amendment and motion were then put, and the latter was declared carried, only Ald. Christie and Adam, and the mover, voting for the amendment, the rest for the motion. Return of Arrears of Rates.----The Mayor next moved--- that the town clerk be instructed to prepare a return setting forth the amount of arrears of rates due to this Municipality, from \------------------- \------------------- the period of its establishment to the present and that such return he made out in a tabulated form, showing the amount of arrears which may have accrued in each year separately ; and oppo- site to the name of each defaulter, so that not only the sum for each year may appear, but also the total amount carried out in a final and separate column." He was aware that he had the power to have this done without a resolution of the Council, . but as the question had excited much feeling out of doors, he thought this the better course to pursue.--Ald. Winship seconded the motion. — Ald. Adam was sorry to see this motion on the paper although he should vote for it ; it was like a vote of censure on the Mayor, whose duty was not to wait for a motions like this, but to act upon his own responsibility. It was the duty of the officers of the Council to do such work as this. When Mr. Hannell was Mayor, they used to have periodical reports both from the clerk and from the Surveyor, but they now had nothing of the sort, and no one knew consequently, how the Council stood.--Ald. Hannell strongly opposed the motion. It was utterly unnecessary and uncalled for, the Mayor having ample power without it. He objected al- together to the Council being made a party to the delay, this motion would cause in the collec- tion of the rates. It would be nearly six months before this return was prepared, while without it, fifty distress warrants ought to have been out already. The motion was tantamount to saying the Mayor was afraid or unwilling to issue these warrants, and so to perform his duty. [Ald. Adam : No Mayor ever did his duty in this re- spect. — The Mayor : Hear, hear.] — Ald. Han- nell said he denied that, when he was Mayor he always did it, and he could go now and lay his hand on fifty ratepayer's names who would pay at once if warrants were issued. These default- ters ought to be compelled to pay their rates, and the Mayor ought to be compelled to do his duty and not throw the responsibility of his office on the Council. The Mayor, in reply, said he was aware of his power, and also of the fact of how other Mayors had grossly neglected to perform their duty. His object in submitting this motion was to place the matter before the public through the press, and show the ratepayers that the Council was resolved to enforce the payment of rates in arrears. He was not going to rush into this mat- ter and involve the Council in legal difficulties of which it had had enough. The business of the Council had been conducted in such a loose way that it required him to exercise caution at every step. He found on looking into matters that not a single carter's license had been issued for seve- ral years. They had been allowed to use good roads and cut them up without paying a shilling. It was not his intention to pick out one defaul- ter here and there. He should wait till this re- | turn was prepared (about three weeks and not six months) and then where he found it neces- sary he should rigidly enforce the payment of rates— but not before. The motion was then put and carried, only Ald. Hannell and Stokes voting against it. The Estimates for the Current Year.— The May- or moved pursuant to notice — ' That this Coun- cil do now form itself into a committee of the whole, for the purpose of making an estimate of probable expenditure for the current municipal year, in compliance with the provisions of the 79th section of the Municipalities' Act of 1858.' — Ald. Henderson seconded the motion, which was put and carried unanimously. Committee of the Whole.--The Council then re- solved itself into committee of the whole, and the minutes of the last committee meeting were read by the clerk, after which on the motion of Ald. Chapman, the committee adjourned until Monday the 25th instant. The Council the re- sumed and the ordinary business was proceeded with. Proposal for an Improvement Committee. —The Mayor then moved— That a select committee be now formed, to be deemed an Improvement Committee, for the purpose of ascertaining and recommending such improvements and the ex- tent thereof, as may be considered necessary to be executed during the current year, and that the said committee consist of the following :- Messrs. Stokes, Adam, Winship, and the mover. In the course of his remarks in moving the mo- tion, the Mayor explained that the principal object of this committee was to have matters thoroughly investigated before they came before the Council, and so prevent much useless and needless discussion. — Ald. Christie seconded the motion. — Ald. Hannell said he should vote a- gainst the motion because he knew from experi- ence it would not answer the expectations of the mover. On the contrary it would give rise to much unpleasantness and bickering, and do no good whatever. The members of committees of this sort did not like after going to great trou- ble and pains in the preparation of a report to see that report rejected by a majority of the Council who knew very little about the matter compared with what the committee knew. It considered it far better to have a committee of the whole Council. — Ald. Chapman opposed the motion an a similar grounds. It would lead to no end of discussion, a thing that was not want- ed now there had been discussion enough, and he should like to see some improvements got on with.— Ald. Adam felt inclined to support the motion, and should do so cordially but for the party seeling which he knew to exist in the council. The Dromedary in Newcomen-st. was a monument of folly raised by such feelings in the Council, and further Dromedaries were being made every year— one was now in coarse of for- mation in Tyrrell-street. (Laughter.) Ald. Christie expressed his intention of voting for the motion now that he had heard the decision. — The Mayor having replied, and in doing so referred to several instances in connection with which he maintained such gross mistakes would not been made if there had been an Improve- ment Committee. The motion was then put and the votes were found to be equal, four and four. The Mayor gave his casting vote in favour of the motion and declared it carried. Post- office Directory.—The Mayor said an ap- plication had been made to him to purchase a Post-office directory published by Balliere. He wished the Council to say whether he should do so, or not.-- Ald. Hannell and Stokes did not think such a work would be of any use in the Town Clerk's office. Other aldermen thought that it would be very useful, but as no motion was made respecting it the matter lapsed. The Council then rose, adjourning for a fort- night. 