THE 'SECUL4B' TEACHINGS OF fH? EDUCATION BOAKD, Why, it may b« asked, flbould the Bev, Mr. Woods be so anxious to deprive three or four Roman Catholic schools of the aid which thev have been receiving from the Education Board, seeing that his coreli gioaisfs have always been in favour of dcnomiiiationgl schools — why this sudden fear of 'the Greeks' and of the gifts which they bring? Well, it seems tb^aj; the rev. gentleman wants either a recognised cJ£. nomioational system or none at all. He wants Boniaii (jatholic Schools to be assisted openly and above board, or else left entirely to themselves. He does not wish (a see » few Catholic schools here and there evadisg the regulations and receiving assistance from the Board, whilst in the majority of cases $he regulations are insisted upon to the very jetter. Jn fact, he would have the present established system either altered or obeyed, and would not allow tlie Inspectors any dis oretion in the application of the rules whioh prohibit dor^minational teaching. This -H-aa a proper view of the case, and tlie public -Kill be glad that the attention of the Hoard has been aroused to the lax way in which our educational system is admi nistered. It is true the Inspectors them selves state that they have not sanctioned ^nv departure from the law, and that they are not aware of a single ca^3 in which the rules have been violated'or evaded. How, then, do they account for the positive asser tions of the Rev. Mr. Woods, and for the admissions of some of the teachers them selves? Mr. Woods has publicly stated, since his interview with the Board, that on receiving information a3 to the denomina tional teaching permitted in several of the public schools, he waited on the Secre tary of the Board in company with the Vicar-General, and was then 'most dis tinctly informed by the Secretary that the Board was aware of the departure from their rules, and it was dune with their tacit con sent ; but that if attention was drawn to it he feared it would be discontinued.' Being, then, all the more anxious to bring the matter to an issue, Mr. Woods waited on the Board at their next meeting, and laid the subject before them. 'He then asked that if such a concession were to be made it should be done in favour of all Catholic schools, and not alone one or two at the caprice of a particular Inspector ; but if the Board would not or could not modify their rulea they should insist on their being enforced, to prevent the dissatisfaction arising from what seemed like favouritism.' On this occasion the Secretary ' again stated in the presence of ilie Board that he believed that the Inspector had tacitly approved of these proceedings, and that the Board had consented not to see them.' Here then we have Mr. Woods first obtaining a knowledge of the denominational teaching from answers made by school masters to questions put by one of the Roman Catholic clergy living in the neigh bourhood of the schools, and next eliciting from the Secretary of the Board the reiterated statement that such teaching-had been tacitly allowed by one of the Inspectors. This unquestionably formed a strong case for enquiry, and the Board therefore thought it was high time to see whether they had been subsidizing denominational schools or not. The Secretary had evidently been tinder the impression that the Inspectors had treated some of the schools very liberally in the matter of denominational teaching— had, in fact, been & little blind and a little kind. It was therefore necessary to see which way the Board was drifting, or eke the members might wake up some tine morning and dis cover that instead of insisting upon secular education as enjoined by the Act, they had been unconsciously sanctioning a system of State aid to religion. The next step, then, was to send enquiries to the schoolmasters mentioned by Mr. Woods, and to call for explanations from the Inspectors. This was done, and when the answers were received the Board went into the matter again. They found that the Chief Inspector knew nothing of any deno minational teaching in schools, and that he did not believe there was any; whilst from the Second Inspector, who, we believe, is most accustomed to visit the country schools, they received the following statement: — 'I am informed that at the last meeting of the Board of Education uotne statement was raude to the effect that the Inspector of Schools had given tacit permission to tlio.se touchers under the Board who are by religious profesiicw members ol the Kornish Church to impart reli,ious instruction during ilie five hour* required by the regulations for the prosecution of ordinary school-work. I be,! to state most emphatic illy that I have. neither directly or indirectly, openly nor tacitly, done any thing of the kind, but have uniformly insisted that the communication of such instruction during thcBe hours would issue in immediate forfeiture ui the licence granted by the Board.' It would seem, then, that the Secretary had been dreaming, and that he had quite mis represented the Inspectors, for how could they have 'tacitly sanctioned' denomina tional teaching when they had always insisted upon the observance of the rules? At this point, however, we have something more conclusive than the belief of the Secre tary. We have the admissions of the school masters themselves, and these admissions provo one of two things — either that the Inspectors really have winked at denomina tional teaching, or that the system of inspec tion is so imperfect that the rules of the Board may be violated with impunity. . The statements of the schoolmasters leave no room for doubt on this point. Mr. McLaren, in a communication answering the queries put by the Rev. Mr. Woods, which that gentleman sent to the Board, stated that the Bible was not*read in his school ; that it was permissive on the part of the children to read the Catechism after or during the hours of secular instruction ; that Catholic prayers were nsed both before and after Becular instruction; and that, exercising his allowable right, he opened bia sohool an hour earlier than the time fixed in the regulations. The letter written by Mr. Joseph Fogg showed that Reeves's 'History of the Bible', was read daily in his school ; that every afternoon, after secular instruction, the CatechiBtfl was taught; that the following prayers were recited daily ;' Our Father,' 'Hail, Mary,' 'Apostles' Creed,' 'Con- fiteor,' 'Gloria,' and the Litany for chil dren ; that after Catechism a decade of the Rosary and Litany of the Blessed Virgin ; and that the hour for assembling was half - past nine in the morning. Mr. Dennis Horan denied that the Bible was read in his school; he explained that the Catechism was taught after school- hours, and also on Saturdays; that prayers were said by the Catholic children every evening; and that he opened school earlier than the hour mentioned in the regulations. If these statements do not prove that the Act and the regulations have been violated, we are quite at a loss to understand how the Board interpret those measures. In the first place the Act requires that the education taught shall be good secular education; and in the next place the regulations provide that whilst a portion of the Scriptures is to be read daily, 'no denominational catechism is allowed to be taught in the schools, nor any sectarian influence whatever exerted by the teachers.' Such is the law ; yet in the face of this we find from the foregoing admissions that the rule requiring the reading of the Scriptures is not observed, and that the pro hibition against denominational books is set at defiance. It is clear, then, that the In spectors have either intentionally overlooked these denominational backslidings, or that their inspection is no security against the violation of the rules. It is distinctly laid down that portions of the Bible and jtlie Testament are iff be read once a day, and that ' no denominational catechism is allowed to be taught in tho schools,' Why, then, have both those rules been violated in the threo case3 that came before the Board ? Arising out of this question Mr. Hardy has gjven notice that the ninth regulation of the Board be amended, so that the com pulsory rule as to the reading of fche Scrip tures may be made permissive. He rightly ftrgues that it is unjust to compel all school masters to read portions of the Scriptures, even in cases where tlie parents of children may object to it. The Act says that the education shall be secular, and though the Board may be consulting the general feeling of the public by supplementing this -with a regulation permitting the reading of the Scriptures, yet it smacks somewhat of intolerance t,o force such reading upon those portions of the community whp are con scientiously opposed to it. The attempt ai; compulsion, ia fact, only leads to evasion, whilst it also keeps up a needless irrigation without doing any good. But although this rule may be wisely amended, tfce Board of Education ought to watch carefully against all evasion of the other rule, which prohibits 'denominational catechisms' and 'sectarian influence' in even' school subsidized by the public revenue of the colony. Mr. Justice Bootiiby.— His Honor Mr. Justice Boothby has been served with a series of charges which have beeu brought agiiinst him as oue of the Judges of the Supreme Court. The charges are laid by Mr. Boucaut. A meeting of the Executive Council will shortly be held to consider tlie accusations, to which His Honor will be summoned, but which we imagine it is hardly likely lie will attend. We presume tho accusations will be discussed whether he l-o present or absent. Should they be sub stantiated we believe it ia intended to 'amove' the Judge without delay, The Moonta Case.— On Friday Jlr. Bagot and Jlr. lloucaut replied to objection r.ibed 0:1 Thurs day, and argued that even in the event of the (Jourt decitliuK that the relator had no leyal or equitable interest, the ea*e was not one in which the t.!ourt should coll upon the \ttorney-Genenil for a state ment as to whether he wUhed the suit to proceed. They asserted that they appeared in sup poitof the information by the instruction of tlie Attorney- Uenera!, Mr. U. H. Andrews; and Mr, liagot, on a su^'Keation of Mr. Justice Bootliliy that it was necessary that they should prove that, threatened to throw up his biief if his woid as C!-uusel was not taken. The Chief Justice uinl ;Ur. Justice Gwynue considered the statement of the roundel quite Buiikieul. The case w^a then adjourned till after the Civil Sittings. VlCTOUU Theatre. — On Friday night Mr. Hoskins's benefit drew a crowded house. As we anticipated, it wa3 tlie house of the season, both at to quantity and qu'ihty. In the crowded boxes could be observed many of the leading citizens who do not regularly patronise the theatre. The performance could not fail to be successful with so much experienced talent available as Mr. Hoskitis's 'iwn, Mr. Vouuk's, and Mr. O'Brien's, not to forget the liuddinu genius uf Mdlle. St. Denis The first piece. 'The .Poor Gentleman.'' was a beautiful comedy full of quietly-developed interest and independent of straining for effect. Mr. Hoskins, as Cornet Ollapod, apothecary and volunteer, presented both a character and a pic ture. Nothing could have looked more like an amateur dragoon than the raw, long-limbed, frec aud-e-sy li^ure he cut. The dialogue, naturally witty and amusing, was made doubly so by liis effective mode of expression. With extreme duency he combines the mo^ careful finish, making every scintillation of humour show. The quips and juices roll so smoothly from his tongue, and with such an utter absence of pre meditation as to seem original. And no doubc he loes, in many ca3c«, exercise his originality. Some 91 his best h ts would be found, on examination, do have beeu iinpro\ i--ed. After making due allow ance for his excellent acting, this quality, which indicates both talent and education, gives double value to all the others. Mr. Charles Young as Humphrey Dobbins was exulwrant in his ovm peculiar humour. So also was Mr. Musgrave as Sir Kobert Bramble, the head of the bumbailifis. and sheriff of the couuty. Mr. tiaynor as Lieut. VVbrthington, and Mr. O'Brien as Frederick Bramble, did the walking gentlemen to perfectioa. Mdlle. St. Denis in Emily Worthington found good scope for the more naive aspect of her style, Th-i curtain fell amid loud applause, through which wuaJed the name of Hoskins. That gentle man came before the curtain, and in & lev words thanked tjie audi e-ice for the extreme favour which had been shown towards him that night and tliroughout his visit to Adelaide. He hoped before leaving the colonies to be able to return. There was very evident excitement in the house when the curtain rose on the interlude— Mr. Isaacs* new piece, 'Our Uncle,' specially written f r this occasion. It contained only four charac* Cera, aud hail among its various merits tlut of brevity. Mr. Hwkina figured as Fluke, a la wyer more troubled with creditors than with clients, and who finds it more consistent with his finances to have Ilii office up three pair of stain than on the ground floor. Fogo. hu clerk, all jrded a very suitable role to Mr. Young, who adorned it with several well rerasmbered traits of hii great character, Worm wood. Miss Arnot's powers were not highly taxed in Mica Iloncydcw, Fluke's solitary client, who enters in great distress about a debt of £80 for which she is being harassed by one Blo&ter.; She has only £40 to pay it with, but Bloater offers her the alternative of wedlock should she prefer it to iniprttomnent. Fluke, on hearing of the £1) in ?josh, gallantly offers to relieve her from both horns of the dilemma by marrying her himself ; and being a younjrer, better-Ipjking nun thaa Bloater,; she falls in love oo the spot While they are sut arranging matters, enter Mr. Bloater iu, person, whom Fogo recognises as an old master of his in Liverpool, who had left him and many others in the lurch by taking a private passage to Australia twenty years before, l⁢ Bloater, after in exciting interview with Fogo, and re-enter Kluke, who has also improved his time by nuking a discovery, namely, that Mm Honeydew is the' niece of a Liverpool broker, who had bolted twenty years before, carrying with .him his sister's fortune of ten thousaud pounds. She had reason to believe that he was now a wealthy man, and there was a chance of obtaining restitution from him. Fogo being informed of this by his master has all the scattered threads of the plot in his hand, and at n*r*t means to pull them for his own exclusive a Ivautage by obtaining both the niece aud the fortune. Afterwards he compounds with Fluke for a half share— that is, of the money. Oa Bloater's return the mask is torn from the face of Fogo, and escape being impossible he agrees to make restitution. The piece then termi nates in a comic tableaux, Fluke and his bride elect embracing, while Fogo and his old master form an outer circle around them. Bqt a sketch of the plot. cannot, give a very true idea of the quality of the piece, as its chief merit lay in the dialogue, which was racy, and abounded in local allusionB. Considering that 1 it was not highly elaborated it took well, and the audience were very liberal beth in laughter and applause. At the close there were several calls for Air. Isaacs, but his modesty restrained him from a persona] response. The performance concluded with the ever welcome favoume ' Cool as a Cucumber,' in which Air. Hoskins gave Mr. Plumper a very full measure of assurance and candour. All who know the character and the actor can imagine that the one did credit to the other, and that their com bined influence had a very agreeable efiect on the audience. To-night— the last of Mr. Hoakins's en gagement-there will be a Shakspearian festival, the 'Merchant of Ytsnipe' being announced, with a very powerful cast. Miss Aitken.— During next week Miss Aitken is announced to appear at Woodaide, Mount Pleasant, and Angaston, where she will give a number of her favourite readings and recitations. South Australian Institute — Elocution Class.— On Friday evening, June 7, the members of the Elocution Class in connection with the South Australian Institute gave their first public entertainment in the Institute Kt!udjng-roum. The place was crowded long before thotime fur com mencing the proceedings had arrived. Mr.N. lilyth, M.P., presided, and in taking the chair remarked that he had great pleasure in introducing several members of the class, which had been originated for the purpose of enabling young men to devote a portion of their time to improvement in the ait of public reading aud reciting— an art second to none, and useful not only to those whose avocations led them prominently before the public, but it was valuable in every position of life, for with the ability to read eloquently and well the feelings and thoughts of their great writers cou!d bo given in a proper and pJeaBu.able manner. The Honorary Secretary had informed him of a few facts connected with the class which he would state. It was formed ea.ly in IWi for the purpose of delivering recitations and readings, and re ceiving mutual criticism from the members. The average attendance was about 30, nnd since its commencement 3(iO r. citations had been given. The present entertainment was originated es pecially to bring the class prominently before the pub'i -, and it was essentially a class for mutual improvement and instruction. The programme, a weil-iirraiiged one, was then proceeded with, the reeiuUous in alm«st every instance being marked by an appropriateness both of tone and gesture, which showed a thorough knowledge of the subject each reciter had chosen. The gentlemen moH elective were Messrs. Sparks and Wonteith, in two scenes from Sheridan'B play of 'The Kivals;' the Hun. Se(jreUj-y; Mr. H. F. Price, in a reading fiyun Charles Jj/ckens, aud a coiific recitation; Messrs. W. Patterson and IV. Shakes peare, who appeared in a scene from 'Othello;' Mr. P. M. Coleman in ' Phil Conaidine and the Banshee' And {he ' Princcsu Alice Maud Mary's Christening;' and ilr, Patterson in the Ghost Scene from ' Hamlet,' in which himself and Messrs. Price, Macdonald, and Colemaa appealed. Other recitations, of a grave aLd lively chaiacter, were given during the evening, and were, with those above mentioned, judging from the applause of the aud.ence, fully appreciated. At the con clusion of the programme, Mr. Toms proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman, which was carried by acclamation, ana having beeu responded to the proceedings clo.jjd. DINNER AT BARRON'S— Mr. Barron, the well known restaurant-keeper, invited a few of his friends and patrons to partake of a special dinner provided at his dining saloon, King William street, on Friday evening, June 7. Owing to various causes- the weather being the most prominent— the attendance was not so numerous as was ex pected, those, however, who were present did full justice to the excellent and substantial repast pro vided by the worthy host Mr. Barron, who filled the chair. Photo- Lithography;— We have seen a ne.it copy of the Act iy of l&66'-7 (to amend the Volunteer Act) reduced by photography and litho graphed by Colonel yiggs, whq is known to be ari adept in the elegant and useful art of photography, the Act is in miniature, ami although it is not t-6 clearly printed as some specimens We have seen, it js a curiosity in jta way, . Tin Esglish Matl,— Yesterday was tho proper time for the arrival of the English mail at theSouud; the branch steamer will consequently be due at Glenelg on Tuesday next. Lvdustbial Puotection League.— A meeting of the General Committee of the Industrial League was held at the Hotel Europe on Friday evening, June 7. There were about 50 persons present, and the Hon. 11. Mildred presided, and opened the meeting by explaining that it was called for the puipose uf submitting a draft copy of a tariff which had been caieiully prepared. In reply to a question, he said thai he would not pledge himself to ask tl.e GoveruiiKMt why they were tiuarrulhng ai'ou^ the quality of stone, but he should in all probability attend the meeting at the Town Hall, and mi^ht jwssibly be induced to take part iu the discussion, for he cuitMdcred it a question of great importance. Mr. t'oniiur proposed the first, re solution, as follows:— 'That in the opinion of this meeting the stagnation of trade will I* best remedied by a revised uriti' which shall give encouragement to native manufactures.' He spoke at suiuc length upon the pressing necessity of adopting a revised tariff, wheieby they would have more permanent employ meat for the labouring clones iu the colony. Ue also made particular allusion to the numlier of Germans who were leaving the colony, and going where their labour would be protected, air. J. U. Champion seconded the motion, aud expressed his belief that the taiill' whieli would be laid before them would, with a few alterations, have a beneficial efiect on Die colony if adopted. The Secretary, Mr. (J. Crawley, then read the draft of the pioposed tariff, but we are unable to present it to our readers, an the League delmed to lei us have it in consequence of it bjiUo'iu an impel feet state, and it being after waids resolved to refer it back to the Committee fur revision. A motion for the adoption of the Uriti' luviug been proposed aud seconded, Mr. J. Skelton occupied a considerable time in referring to the tariff, aud suggested several items which should be altered, some discussion on various items in the tariff followed, alter which Mr. Cottrell expressed surprise that Mr. iSkeitou should have come there and pulled the proposed tarilf to. pieces iu such a manner, when he' was one oi the Committee by whom it had been drawn up. Mr. Skelton explained that , hi had been unavoidably absent from several meetings of the Committee, lie admitted having taken some pait iu the preparation of the tariff; but he considered aa his name was associated with it that it was his duty to point out anything wrong in it Some further discussion then took place as to the desirability of having an adjournment, and it was eventually resolved that the meeting be adjourned till that day fortnight, and that tne tariff be recon sidered by the Committee and 200 copies be struck oil' by the next meeting, l'he meeting then ad journed. ' Wheat Diseases.— It is mentioned elsewhere that Dr. Muecku has kindly nmtteu to the Com mittee of the Agricultural Society, offering to lec ture iu Adelaide upon the dUeases iu wheat, and to point out an infallible remedy. As the Com mittee desire to make this lecture as useful. as possible, they are most anxious that it should be delivered at such time as would ensure the lorceat attendance of fanners. It will be Been that the urrangemeut of all details is left to aSub-Committec, cousistingof the Hon. John baker, Mr.Uackett, and Mr. Pascoe ; and we believe that these gentlemen will gladly receive anysuggestiouBonthe subject. It is not yet decided when the lecture shall be delivered, but application will probably be made for tho use of tlie large room at the South Australian Institute. Winb Growing in Australia.— Dr. Kelly has just published, through Mr. E. S. YYigg, of Adelaide, a new work on the Vine and Wine-Making in Australia. The work, although to a large extent a compilation, is a valuable one. The writer has laid. under contribution all available sources of information, and he has the intelligence and experience to make the best use of his materials. The work may almost be designated a cyclopedia 011 vine- growing and wine-making, and & practical vigueron could hardly find a volume which would be more useful to him in his business. The lattst information on the important Bubject is carefully selected, and presented iu a handy form to the reader. The French writers especially have been jakl under contribution, and have furnished valu able information. The work discusses the im portant subject of fermentation, and shows the different ' methods no* in use in various wine produciuR countries. This will probably be re* garded as the most valuable pott of the work, because it is generally admitted that we can gr^w nny : description of grape in South Australia, and that where we so often break down Uin fermenta tion and cellarage. Tho methods adopted in other countries, then, canaot fail to be useful and instructive to us here. Much valuable information is given on the culture of the vine, and on the kiuuU best adapted to our climate and soil. We merely mention the work here, and give our impressions from a somewhat hasty examination of it, leaving a fuller notice to a subsequent time, when we shall have more room at our disposal. The work- is written by an intelligent and a practical man, who understands the subject on which he professes to instruct his readers, and ire hopo it will be carefully read and thoughtfully studied by all who aie interested in wiuemaking. AOBICOLTOBALAKD HOBTlOULTUKAIi SOOIKU. —The usual monthly meeting of the Committee of the Agricultural and Horticultural Society was held at the .Norfolk Arms on Friday, June 7. Present -The Hon. J. Baker, President; Hon.A lilyth, Hon. T. Hogarth, Messrs. C. Giles, A. McKenzie, S. Daveupoit, C. S. Kelly, J. Pascoe, A. Uruig, W. Hackett, D. Lithgow, K. Smith, U. D. Kobs, tt. i!1. Ind. 1L H. Hausseri, E. W. Andrews, and D. Kekwick (acting Secretary.) The President stated that the deputation which hud beeu appointed at the last meeting had waited on His Excellency the Governor and the Chief Secre tary, and had beeu so favourably received tint lie had hopes that the means of the Society derived from the Government would be materially in creased. It was represented by the Chief Secretary that it would be well for the Society to send iu. (ilaiis of the alterations they wished to have made 111 the Exhibition Building, and it was likely that the Government would d.o what they desired. On his return from the other colonies Mr. Ward would submit the plans to the chief Secretary. Mr. Davenport remarked that he had read the repprt of the deputation with much pleasure. This being an agricultural country the Society owed it to thoiusetveK, and to those who' would come alter them to do (heir utmost for jt in tlie way of agriculture, and in other respects. The Secretary (by letter) and several members gave notices of motion fur altering the rules at the next meeting. The President mentioned that as it seemed likely they would soon have inci eased funds ut their disposal it would be advisable for members to surest at the next, meeting what additional articles they would wish to have prizes offered for. A letter was read from Dr. Muecke, ottering to lecture to the Society on his investigation uf the diseases in wheat, and the true aud infallible remedies for them. He asked that a convenient evening might be fixed upon for it, and that two gr three microscopea might be provided. Mr. It. Smith moved that the offer 'op accepted. The Hon. T. Hogarth said Dr. Muecke had given a very successful lecture on the subject at Smithfield, and he had no doubt that he could furnish them with more practical information than they coi.ld get from written or printed matter. Mr. K. S. Kelly seconded, but thought it would be best for the lecture to be de livered on an afternouii, as it would be more likely fanners would attend then. The motion wan tarried. The Hon. J. Baker. Messrs. Hackett and Pusuoe were appointed a buo-Conmijctee to make arrangements for the lecture, with power to incur such expenses as might be necessary, Subse quently a discussion took pluce as to the best lime lor the lecture to bo delivered, some members Iwing of opinion that it should be given on the day of the July Committee meeting, as a general meet ing of the Society was to be lield afterwards, if agreeable to the Doctor; whiie others thought the Sub-l/ouunitte should make arrangements for it as soon as convenient. It was resolved that the former idea should foe carried out if possible. Tne following gentlemen were appointed a SubCom mittee to revise the prize-list for thj August Show of stock and Ploughing Match:— Messrs. W. Fer guson, K. Smith. v\'. Thomson, W. Hackett, J. Chambers, A. 'Bell, and J. Frame. Me&srs.; K. M. Bagot, W. Ferguson, and \V. L'verard. M.I'., were ghosen to select the land for the ploughing match. PTOLIOUOC3E3 KKqULATlOU Bill. ? Mr! Graves's bill proposes that the justices at the annual general licensing meotiug shall grant a public-house licence to any person not disqualified by the Licensing ActH, provided his character is satisfactory ta the Justices. But he must give a bond for £100, with two resident householders as sureties, for the payment of any penalties he may incur. Also the house must be of a certain rate able yearly value, varying according to the number of population. Where it does not exceed 5,000 the rateable value must hi £\5, the scale rising until In 4 district or place with mote than 75, 0t-0 inhabi tants the rateable value must be £ ,0, the excise duty also rising from £10 jn'the former case to I'.'J5 in the latter. Certain conditions are to be imposed in the licence ; among them that the publican is not knowingly to sell liquors Iraudulcntly adulterated or diluted, and that the house is to be open or to sell (save to' lodgers on the pn-nii.ses a-m travellers) only .from J a.m. till 11 p.m ami on Sundays from 1 p.m. to I) p.m; and from 8 to 10 p.m., with power to' the local autho rities further to limit tlie Suijday houra. Publicans do-siiiK entirely on Sunday are {o pay .30 per ciMit. less licence duty. Au application for a new licence is not to be granted if three-fourths in number of the owners sud occupiers of all the other premises within 15U yards object. Three convic tions in two years are to make a licence void, and disable the landlord for two years from holding a licence. For dancing there must be a special licence. .No new retailing licence or wine or beer ljccnce 13 to be granted (but only public- house licences), but persons now holding such licences aie to bu entitled for 14 years to have them renewed. The bill is to be iu force in all such corporate lorouphs of J'ngland, and nil such 'districts under iuipweinenj. 'commissinii-rj ' pr boards of 'health, si iiliall by a tiro-tiijrdj voti; of thp governing body be adopted at a special meeting. The regulations as to hours on Sundays apply also to Chri-itnias Day, Good Friday, and public fast or thanksgiving days.— The Times April 2. Adelaide Police Court.- On Friday, June 7 II. Peilwell, again brought up on the remanded charge of stealing as- ilver watch and appendages, was further remanded. A licensed victualler, charged with personating a detective officer, was fined Is. with i.0s. costs. In a case of assault and battery, where a question of title was involved, Hia Wor ship declared he hai no jurisdiction. igjf Messrs. V.i\n & Liixrooore request the special attention of Grocers, Storekeepers, Con fectioners, 'Sec., to their Sale at the Mart This Dav of a large quantity of first-class Colonial Jams, gale at h#paat U o'clock, j * aui* 