THE THEATRES. MR JAMES ANDERSON AT THE HAYMARKET AS HAMLET. Mr James Anderson, an actor whose namo stands very high in the list of present theatrical celebrities, and was familiar to the habitues of Old Drury and Covcnt Garden when Macready was at the head of his profession, made his first appearanco at the Hayinarket Theatre on Saturday evening. There are differences of opinion about the building, hut, nevertheless, it has had from its earliest the advantages afforded by the presence ef the many English stars who have been brought out under the auspices of Mr George Coppin. It is to this gentleman's enterprise that we are indebted at tho present moment for tho presence amongst us of a great actor, tho greatest wo havo had here since Brooke, and this is a fact which will surely not he lost sight of by tho Mel bourne public. The theatre was crowded to inconvenienco on Saturday evening, large numbers of persons being refused ndmission. As it was, near 2500 witnessed a per formance, which is in itself sufficient to stamp the new star as a tragedian of the first water. Of all tho crentions of Shakspeare there is none so difficult to conceive and to execute as the character of Hamlet. As viewed from tho stage alone, we have had him presented to us in forms as varied and as diverse as tho colors of Joseph's coat. In the closet, how few are there who, if put to it, would coincide in their opinion of the man. Comparatively speaking, and bearing ill mind tho Hamlets the colony has seen in former days, Mr Anderson's ren doriug of tlio character is strikiugly original. His idea is evidently based on tlio lines spoken by himself to tho kingly apparition in the fourth act — one who, from the moment tho supernatural revelation is made to him, 'Lnpsoil in time, anil passion lets go by Th' important acting of a ilretnl command.' He is not so much tho philosopher as the man filled with a sense of tho wrongs he and his have suffered, smarting under their bitter yoke, yet helpless to avenge and powerless to act. Mr Anderson makes you feel that he is actuated with a sense of his own weakness from the first ; hut he forces certainty on your mind by the bitter, hopeless tono in which he speaks those two lines, pregnant with meaning, at the end of the third act — ' I must bo cruel only to bo kind, TUus bad begins, wliilo worse remains behind.' These fell with startling effect on tho audience, almost like the mournful wail of a lost spirit who knows that ho has committed himself to a course of action which can end only in misery and death to him and his. But it is after this act that tho inconsistencies of Hamlet's character, as sketched by the dramatist, become apparent. He has wrought himself to a pitch of frenzy, hut liiB passion having worked itself oat, lie becomes again a purpose less moraliser, certain of nothing but his own existence. He has no hand in bringing about the events which lead to tho final catastrophe, but is a mere passive agent in the hands of others. From this point, Mr Anderson's Hamlet loses a shade of its influence on the mind. To us it appeared as if then and there his interest in the character lost much of its ardor; as if, indeed, his sympathies had gone out from the part directly he ceased to act on his own will. All the force, all the impulsive ness, all the nobility of the character were portrayed with tho graphic hand of a master of art, but the author, taking away force, impulsive iiess and-nohility from it, clogged tho mind of the artistr and hence he failed to identify him self wholly with the language he uttered. Per haps the objection, slight as it is, is not ono which on witnessing the play a second time will hold water ; we merely convey an impres sion left on the mind after witnessing a per formance given under circumstances sf peculiar difficulty, of which moro hereafter. So much of Mr Anderson's impersonation as a whole. To como now to analysis. Of his make-up it is needless to speak, as in this respect he follows in the beaten track of many illustrious prede cessors. His presence is commanding, and his face not only expressive, but pecnliarly mobile. Like Brooke, he makes some of his greatest effects with tho eye ; like him, too, he adheres to the conventional moustache. Ho is hardly an idealistic Hamlet — he gives no notiou of a pale, mooning, misanthropical youth, hut his appearance is fully in keeping with his after realisation of tho character. He is manly and earnest in all he does, ' and, from the timo ho first speaks, ho leaves you in no doubt that lie is so. There is no whine in his delivery of tho speech — ' Seems, madam ! nay, it is ; I know not seems,' but merely the natural' expression of a wounded and grief-stricken heart. Tho following soli loquy, 'Oil! that this too, too solid flesh would melt' is, from an -elocutionary point of view, the most trying in the play, and indeed a very Pons Asinorum to novices. It was beautifully spoken. . It was reserved for tho closing scene of the first act to disclose Mr An derson's great powers as au actor. Tho start ef horrer with which he recognises tho presence of the Ghost was worthy of the elder ' Kean. Then it was that tho character, as portrayed by tho actor, assumed a tangible shape. Tho varying emotions which sway the mind of tho son, as ho gnzes on tho shade of the buried majesty of Denmark, found apt \ expression in tho speaking face, and tho awo which filled his soul at so supernatural a visi tation Was portrayed by tho dreadful solemnity of the whisper with which he spoke during tlio wholo of the scene. There was a vastity of despair in tho reply to Horatio : — ' Why, what should ho tho fear, I do not sot my life at a piu's feo ; And, for my soul, what can it do to that, Bein;} a thing immortal as itself ?' From that moment Mr Anderson's success was assured, aud his artistic exit, after tho Ghost, drew from tho audience such an acknowledge ment of his ability as must havo fallen vory sweetly on the ear. It hoots not to follow the actor minutely through a performance which, as a wholo, is ono of tho finest ever seen in Mel bourne. Suffice it to pick out for commendation three of the grandest of his Bcenes — tho soli loquy commencing, ' Now I am alone,' which brought tho curtain down on the second act, amidst a perfect storm ef applause ; tho play R/-iinn ? nml flin r.lnspf. rpatip. TIipsp wnrn nil grandly impressive ; tho last a perfect triumph. It is no exaggeration to say that it was nover played so well before in Melbourne. Tho change in his voico from exquisite pathos, as he do scribes the virtues of his father, te unutterable scorn, as ho turns to tho picture of the king regnant, sent a thrill through tho hearts of tho andience, and commanded tlie hushed silence of what had hitherto been a demonstrative, and, at times, noisy, crowd. Never was greater homage paid to actor on tho boards of any theatre. It was such a seeno, indeed, as becamo painfully op pressive as it proceeded, and it was some mo ments aftor the curtain fell before the house recovered from tho effect produced. It is duo to Mrs Heir to soy that she never acted better in ner mo inau m 11113 msiuuce. iv u novo seen more made of tho interview with Ophelia than Mr Anderson made of it. But here again ho was strictly conscientious, and, in order to act up to ms conceptiu^, nf effect. The best point of tho sceno was tho grim sneer with which ho recognised the pre sence of the King and Folonius, nnd which im parted to his features nn expression of de vilish malignity — and thus rendered his after cruelty to Ophelia perfectly explicable. Tho iustructions to the player wero spoken with telling effect, and with the ease and cor rectness of an educated gentleman. Tho closing of tho tragedy was marred by the late ness of tho hour to which the performance was prolonged, an evil which will, doubtloss, ho seen to this evening. Mr Anderson was called be fore tho curtain at tho end of tho first, second, third, and fifth acts. On the last occasion ho thanked tho audience in a short and graceful address, for tho kind reception accorded to him. Whatever objections may havo been taken to Mrs Heir's acting iu these latter days, there is no denying that on Saturday evening sho more than sustained her old reputation. Her performance of the Queen throughout was most excellent; and in the closet sceno, as we havo beforo intimated, it rose to tho dignity of truo tragedy. Tho Ophelia of Miss St. Denis was graceful, wo manly, natural, and truly Shakspearian. Her make-up was a study in itself, and her appear ance was all in her favor. Mr Hoskins mado an excellent Osric, and Mr Heir's Ghost, though feeble at times, was on tho whole commendable. Tho First Gravedigger, in the hands of Mr Gill, lost none of its quaint originality of tono. Further iu praise wo cannot go. Wo hinted above at disadvantageous circumstances at tendant on tho performance. One was that the house was overcrowded, tho other that some of tho mombcrs of tho company were utterly out of place in Shakspearian drama. It is needless to mention names ; the good sense of the management will doubtless direct their ac tions in futuro ; while, at tho samo timo, it must bo remembered that tho cast of Hamlet is a very heavy one. 