MUNICIPAL JUSTICE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SIR-I have before me your paper of the 9th instant, and have just read with much satisfaction your leader upon the desirability of scouring a better administration of justice in our rural under politics I have also read some pro; ions in the Mu coal-bearing directly or indirectly upon the same subject, and need hardly say I heartily concur in lb sentiments therein expressed, and as a resident in a municipality, I can bear testimony to the alarming prevalence of the evils of which you complain, MI I do hope you will continue to use yourpoworfulin licence in the matter until a change for the batter II brought about It H ho) oud dispute that party feelings and local jealousies are too frequently allowed to influence the rural benches, and one has only to field the "powers that be to bring down upon himself to suit and petty annoyance riiosoiniscarrjiiigaofjttJtia arising from the Ignorance of the w pardons are by enough, but that which is most to be deprecated w that abominable practice of hearing cases before they are brought into court, far too prevalent in some musing ditto, altogether un-English, and at once subversive of of law and as tree And without wishing to multiply cases, I will give you one instance were occurred recently and which throws some light upon the practice referred to A person living in municipality not in any miles from town had OLCUIOB as a matter of duty. withstand the within of certain municipal authorities in the district, where, as might be supposed, he incurred their dupuMiino. Inashoit Uni) the person had the misfortune to have a word with a neighbor, himself coming in for a "lions share" of abuse the party went away, and in a few hours had almost forgotten the occurrence, when to his astonishment how is served with a summons to attend the Police-court Of course he went when the complainants case was here with attention, while that of the defendant with on dont impatience, and although malice was manifest from beginning to end, of the defendant W subjected to the annoyance of being bound over to keep the peace" Of course, the whole thing would not be worth putting in Port hut for the following the defendant subsequently learnt that his litigious neighbor had " been told warden, and that functionary, after hearing what had to say, replied, " Oh yes you have a case against Mr e, bring him before me, and I will put him to rights ' You will see at a glance til it this little affair was only got up to serve a purpose, and in month contempt, were ítnotforthoprinuplomvolfw in it And I think, Mr Editor, you will agree with me that such practices and highly loprohensiblo.snl the sooner they are put a stop to the better, all apprehend the duty of a magistrate should be M dibcouiugo litigation, and promote potoo in 1 goodwill among neighbors Hoping I have not trespassed too much upon your space, I remain, yours very truly. ONE OF THE VICTIMS. HUNT AT OATLANDS. Some time since »<!<»'"" procured, and T. B. Clarke, Esq. own" people of Oatlands a spin with his hounds; but w some misunderstanding or other there was a mild about the time that the hunt was to take PTe"" the Morton pack had to be sent for by that Wests whose wishes were readily complied within" bounds appeared at the time appointed ingredient Punctually at 12 o'clock as fine a book as was s. noon for many a day was enlarged from a case in-the main street of Oatlands, where there was a ? 22 of about fifty well mounted horsemen, and men of one hundred and fifty pedestrians, waiting witness his escape. This he did a grand W" making for Woodon's ground through the top on lagoon, where he was soon chased by KEMP "J? when he again made through the water and used a garden into the main street. He then rowed wi" back of Oatlands in great style <l?*ll.J¡¡*irLl streets leading to Anstey Barton, cutting infants the cultivated paddocks, making »tW^T.2¡JT! and giving it quite strong enough for the »»"*JV a lot of fine young men whose riding was""" Burpassod. After one of the most exciting runaway witnessed, of about ten miles and over a warm enough for the greatest glutton for post «"J IV was run into uninjured by the hounds,. DM PJ exhaustion he gave up the ghost "1"»°»'"^Sf¡ LETTERS posted yesterday insufficiently staff Albert Foot Circular Head; Mr. W. Hebbleww Auckland, .", ," to 