An Address to our Subscribers, and a Warning to Members of the Temperance Alliance. We are sorry to learn that some of our Citizens, who Lave cor years been honored members of the above Alliance, or of other Teetotal bodies, have lately been induced to break their solemn pledge by taking 4 Punch. ' We -would earnestly beseech ;hem to amend the error of their ways e're the tempter has gained too strong a power over them. Policeman X, may be a ,ery jolly fellow at a distance, but his song is only like that of ;he ' Spider to the Flywhen he has once got you into his web, nid you have taken a little too much of the intoxicating stimulant, he will put the bracelets on and walk you off to the Station house. " it will be ' Punch ' to night, A. B. Jones tomorrow, " to use the Rev. J". Storie's eloquent language in his Sunday afternoon lecture of " All round my hat, "— Punch was ihvays cruel, unjust, and vindictive. Bemember how he killed lis 'wife, beat his dog, threw his infant from tl-e top story .vindow, assaulted the bobby, laid the ghost, and at the last was >roright too by the 'gentleman in black.' Such is the result of -trong drink. We say again, beware of Punch !! ! Now we on the other hand are essentially a Temperance \lagazine. We are patronised by the Water-cure, the Perfect- 3ure, and the Cure par excellence. We shall be temperate in all 'kings: in everything in fact but our Fun ! which will be iproarious and boisterous, or quiet and refined, as occasion shall "equire. But we shall not in our fortnightly jorum use lemonjuice -which creates acidity; nor sugar which gives a mawkish after-taste; nor gin, which is a snare; nor brandy, which is often an evil spirit \ (Ingredients which are all common in 4 Punch') We shall not either insert anything offensive to good taste in our bi-monthly serial, nor descend to gross personal attacks on private individuals. W T e have in fact dotted out our future career, and have determined to endeavour to please everybody and offend nobody, save such as can't stand a good natued joke, and we hope that these thin-skinned gentlemen are very few. Taking the London 1 Punch ' as our example, we shall hold to the rule that refinement is the soul of wit, and we shall never if possible hurt a person's feelings, unless lie richly deserves it, or to use an Irishism, has no feelings to hurt. Several new features! will be introduced into our Serial, w r hich will henceforth be issued regularly every other Monday morning. In conclusion, we beg to assure our readers that the most able and most comical pens in the colony are engaged on Fun, that there will be no falling off in the pictorial department, and finally that if we receive sufficient support to warrant the outlay we shall ere long considerably enlarge and, otherwise improve it. -ooo- 