LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE OF A NEW CHURCH, ST. LEONAEDS. ? ▼ ? Unfortunately the day chosen for laying the foundation stone of the new Catholic Church, ?St. Leonard?, under the invocation of the Blessed Virgin, styled St. Mary Star of the Sea, was very wet. The rain poured down from morning till evening ; and the attendance conse quently was not numerous, as the Catholics of the North Shore arc very scattered, and the ?w.-mf, nf kroner roads renders travelling under .Buch circumstances quite out of the question. The present building used as a church is a wooden structure, and totally unfit for the pur Eose for which it is intended.' The Catholics ave long felt the want of a proper building where they could hear Mass, and Father Kenny, who has recently been appointed 'in charge of' the mission, detenhined to commence operations at Wee. The site of the new church adjoins the old building, which io near the junction of Middle Harbour Road and Milson's Point Road. It commands a magnificent view of the harbour and the many villas that adorn its shores. The ?church will be built in. the early English style of ? architecture, and will be 100 feet long by 33 wide ; there will be live windows on the north And south sides, the building being east an:l west. When completed it will afford accommo dation for fully 5J0 pernons. The walla are already eevoral feet high, and it is expected the whole of the masonry will be finished in about . two months time. The design is by Mr. W. Munro, who is very favourably known in connec tion with the erection of Catholic churches in this oolony, and the present church, when completed, willhave a very imposing and commanding appear ance, and will be visible for miles round. The cosJo of the building will be a little over a thousand pounds. The ceremony of laying the foundation atone commenced at twelve o'clock and was per formed by the Right Rev. the Vicar-General ; the following clergy wore also present : — Venerable Archdeacon M'Encroe, Rev. Father Kenny the resident pastor, « Rev«. P. Newman, Patrick O'FarrelL P. Kenyon, C. Callaghan, W. Crone, Bersa»ti and P. Fitzpatriek. The Right Rev. celebrant having vested he proceeded with .the ?clergy and laity to tho foundation and sprink ling the temporury croau wikh holy wator the 23rd paalin was recited. Seveial prayers having been said and the etono sprinkled with holy water as well as having a ciobs made oii every side with a silver trowel, the procession returned to the Church where the litany of the Saints wua sung. Having returned to the spot of the new Church the 126th psalm was recited «&p; which the atone was lowered into its proper position. The psalm Miserere next followed during which the celebrant went round Bprinkling the whole of the founda tions with holy water. The 96th psalm and following prayers brought the cere mony to a termination. In a cavity of the f oun* dation stone was placed, a3 is customary, a bottle, containing a parchment, bearing the names of the church, of the Archbishop and other officials of the church in this colony, also some coins of the realm. The procession having returned into the church, the Rev. P. Newman preached an eloquent sermon, of which the following is a slight abstract :— The reverend preacher took his text from the first chapter of the Gospel according to Saint Luke, beginning with the 26th verse, which was as follows : — 'At that time the angel Gabriel was sent from God into a city of Galilee called Naxareth, to a virgin espoused to a man whose name was Joseph, of the house of David : and the virgin's name was Mary, and the angel being oome in, eaid unto her : Bail full of grace, the Lord is with thee, Blessed art thou among women, who having heard was troubled at his saying, and thought with herself what manner of salutation this should be. And the angel said to her: Fear not Mary, for thou hast found grace with God, Behold thou shalt conceive in thy womb 'and shall bring forth a son, and thou shall call his name Jesus.' Father Newman said it was a custom irrthis world for parents to interest some great persons on behalf of their children with a view to obtain their influence for their advancement in their career through life. The Catholic church, the most devoted of all mothers, acted in the same manner. Seeing tho perils that beset the footsteps of her children, and knowing the bad example that surrounds them and that Satan is every ready to allure them from the path ol duty, she flies to the Queen of Heaven, to the mother of the Son of God in order to render her entreaties more powerful at the throne of grace. The Catholic church ever guided by truth has always taught and shown a love for Mary, and has cut off from her com munion any .of her children who wished to detract from her great privileges. Numerous churches are erected, festivals established, special devotions recommended to remind them of the glorious prerogatives and virtues belonging to Mary, and the lessons taught from them were that it was through her great humility, patience and piou3 life that she was chosen from eternity to be the mother of the Incarnate word. In compliance with this teach ing they were assembled to commence a church dedicated to her under the title of Saint Mary Star of the Sea. Most Christians admit that the Almighty who fills all space, is whoever more particularly present in temples dedicated to his worship. Those however, who oppose this doc trine forgeb the many examples to be found in the Scriptures of the Almighty telling his people that the temples erected to his honor were in a particular manner sanctified with his presence. The reverend preacher here quoted several pas sages from the Scripture in support of the above statement. This doctrine was. also in harmony with common sense, for they found that magni ficent buildings were erected for wordly purposes, and how much more incumbent upon them to erect temples where the affairs of eternity are carried on. Magnificent Churches were erected to the Almighty in order to impress them with the magnitude of the Godhead. The preacher next expiamea tne reason wny tne uaunoiic Church raised so many churches in honor of the Blessed Virgin Mary under he» many titles. He quoted from the Scriptures some of the language used by the prophets when alluding to the Virgin that was to be privileged to be the mother of the Redeemer. In alluding to the honors paid to Mary, he said if they had the true spirit of the religion of the Son of God they should respect his mother. The three persons of the Trinity had shown particular favour to her. God the Father had caused her to be conceived in innocence and born in purity for the close relationship of mother to son required her to possess this purity. God the Son had honored her in taking iieah from her ainless body, and the Holy Ghost had likewise showered his blessings upon her. Her quality of Mother of God was therefore the highest privilege that could be conferred upon her. The preacher alluding to the oft repeated accusation brought against the Catholic Church that she adored or paid divine honor to the BlesaeU. Virgin Mary instanced a sect that arose at the beginning of Christianity who wished to make her a goddess and who were cut off from the Catholic Church for broaching such a doc trine. The honor paid to Mary was far above that of the sainta aud angels, though nob of that supreme character accorded to God Himself. One of the most beautiful doctrines of the church was that which, enjoined her children to have recourse to Mavy, and to pray to God through her intercession. They read in the sciptures that while Moses was on the mount conversing with God, the children of Israel fell into idolatry and worshiped the Golden Calf, and that the Almighty was ao incensed, at this that, but for tho entreaties of Moses, he would have des troyed the whole people. If the great lawgiver of the Israelites could thus soften the anger of God, how much more available must be the the entreaties of Mary at the Throne of her Son. As the requeat of Mary aUo Jesus worked his first miracle when he changed water into wine at the marriage feast of Cana. The Blessed Vir gin was most anxious to asuiat them, she was most eager for their eternal Balvation, but to obtain her assistance they must endeavour to imitate her many virtues. The reverend lecturer concluded a very eloquent sermon by appealing to those proaent to come forward and subscribe liberally towards the erection of tho new church which would add one more to the many tem les erected to honor the memory of. tho Mother of God. A collection wbb then made, which consider ing the few persona in attendance realised a good amount. It must have been annoying to Father Kenny to have such unpleasant weather on the occasion of thia eeremony, butjwe have little doubt that with tho same zoal lie Ira pbowa fa) other portions of tho colony, he will vigorously prosecute the work, and shortly bring the build ing of this new Church to a successful issue. We wish him every success in his praiseworthy task. 