-THE PLEASURES OF AN EDITOR. WHAT ! Buy the Morning Roarer and edit 'it'-? Not if. I know it, thank you. You ·don't'see why. I shouldn't ? Well, then, let ine tell you. I'd rather turn brickmaker, .coalheaver, woodcutter, fencer, dit'cher, any .thing rather than turn editor again." Bump tious, little man, was excited; his small, .dark eyes glittered like a ferret's; his hair, -short, wiry, and red, at the best of times grew upwards instead of downwards, and looked like the clipped mane of a horse; '`'"now it stood fairly upright, bristling with .excitement, like the hair on the neck of a .Scotch terrier when ratting; it plainly said, \- No, sir, you can't impose upon me -it :won't do. I cant allow it for a moment." It amused me to draw him out, so I asked -him, why not ? " Why not ! Do you know .what sort of a man an editor must be, and what sort of a life he leads ? No ! Then -listen. In the first place he must be an en cyclopaedia, he must know everything. He is no use at all if he doesn't. Nothing on e?arth, in the air, the sky, ocean, or any ,other corner, must be strange to him; lite S-.ature, arts, sciences, manufactures, indus tries of all kinds, must be at his fingers' ends. He must be an actor, sculptor, engi neer, doctor, lawyer, and politician, and able to criticise and damn the lot of them. He ,must know every one; who's born ; who's :dead; who's dying, and who's going to die, and who's going to be born. The only Ithings he's not expected to know are such trifles as home, peace, quiet, comfort and his .wife and children. He must never want any ?sleep, but treat it as a delusion and a snare; aand as for dinner, no man is fit for an editor •who cannot make his Sunday's dinner last 'him the week. Be an editor indeed ! Ugh, the idea is horrible ! Pass the wine." After viciously cracking a few walnuts Bumptious resumed : " No, Frank, it won't do; it's a dog's life without adog's payment. A man's temper must be angelic. He must rather like being called a' liar and scoundrel . than otherwise. He must smile at all scur rilous salutes from angry correspondents. Then the actual work ..-you've no concep tion of it. It's the old story over again-- making bricks without straw. Take Dull. pate's speech and report it: You've first to put into shape, stiffen it with argument, supply it with grammar, cut out the twad dle, and make it intelligible, and next day Dullpate calls and blackguards you for not ireporting him verbatim. Of course such a . charming interview clears your brain, and :you sit down to your leader. Tap, tap at your door before you've written: three lines, and in steps Miss Felicia Warbler, to show you her little poem, commencing, Alas, my pet of many days has just done dying, And I, with bursting heart, must sit down crying. ,and so on for twenty elegant stanzas, which she thinks will fill in nicely the corner of your excellent paper. You must not offend her, she is a subscriber; so with your best grace you assure her, regretfully, that " the :taste of; our community is not sufficiently cultivated to appreciate such poetry as hers.' So with an air of interest, and without the ghost of a smile, you must recommend her to • send it to the editor of Mudville Magazine, who, no doubt, will be delighted. The lady gone, you tackle your leader again---perhaps a knotty point on some constitutional ques -. tionn- -iyou wish to do it well, look up autho rities,.alrrange your argument, and so on; \- the door opens: ' Good morning, Mr Hedi t:o?tgiiandiin walks Farmer Mangold, an. im mense turnip in his hand, which he places on your table, to enable him to draw from his huge pocket one on thelargest, longest, and probably the dirtiest carrots you ever Ssaw or wish to see. :By this time your table is:covered with specimens of 'lBoglands,' Iwhich Mangold wishes you:to quote for its extraordinary fertility; he'is going home as soon as he can sell that desirable fai m. You :ow :him out as-cheerfully as your exhausted p atience will admit, and fi-id a devil waiting atthe door.- Youiknow~:at once he wants you. ':Copy' is written on his face. I be lieve these' imps enjoy the torture they put .you to.: They know as well as you do that "you're not prepared.-have not a line written; ut-/ its no use, yo6urtime's up, satisfylthem ;in some sliape ·you must. In desperation you take the scissiois and cdt out something \- knowing all the time that you'll be over-set . --anythi?ing to send away the horrid spectre. I b:li've no man nio?re:firmly lhte tes:the devil and all his w:o;rksthan andlar itor does." So saying, the little man stops for breath, looks vacantly at the decanter, and in a fit of abstraction refills his glass, and does not recover his -presence of mind until it is empty again. As soon as he does, he takes another and walks to the fireplace. Finding him silent, I look up and say, " Well, any thing more ?" This starts him again. " More ! I tell you, you people who quietly read your paper, and cannot take your cocoa and egg without it, know nothing about the labour, hard, continuous labour, wearying vexatious brain-work, which goes to the making up of that sheet which you idly scan, and then toss aside, with a mut tered ' Nothing in it.' Bah I Nothing in it ? it makes me wild when I hear a man say this. Nothing in it ! Give that same paperwhich you have contemptuously thrown down to a man, say in prison, or anywhere away from the haunts of men. DidM'Clure and his noble companions, frozen up in the regions of eternal ice, say ' Nothing in it I' when they got a paper from home? No, indeed, the very advertisements teemed with life, intelligence, hopes, fears, and what is dear to everyone-news from home. It mattered not what country he called home, or from what quarter of the globe he came, he was certain to find something to interest him, and for which he was thankful." ,' True old boy," I r ejoined; " but we can't all go to the North Pole on a pic-nic excursion on purpose to enjoy our newspa per. Poke the fire please."' :? '" No, I don't want you, but I want to show you what a luxury a paper is, and like all luxuries, how it is made up from the necessities and deprivation of others. Not one in a thousand ever thinks how much learning, care, labour, and ceaseless industry is required to supply him with his morning news, and fewer still of the anxiety, worry, and comfortless life an editor has. , Of course, much depends upon the character of the man and the class of paper he edits. In the larger offices there is much division of labour; but in many instances the whole work of a paper, not mechanical, falls up on the editor. When this is the case, if he is an honest man, with fair abilities, he is anxious to do his work well, and then he is one of the hardest worked men in any cal ling of life. I know what it is, and shud-, der- at the thought of again undertaking. the: responsibility." - By this time Bumptious had cooled down. We puffed our cigars in silence for -some time. Bumptious was getting cool; there was no fun in him at such time-.- To stir him up again- I said, " Polities must be a great relief to an editor." ' He rose immediately. ":Polities, :-sir, a relief ! I tell you an editor hates- the very. name. He sees so much 6f the baseness, shiftiness, self-seeking, aye, and positively downright, barefaced lying, that he must be disgusted. As business he accepts it of, necessity, but it is ashes in his mouth. One day he reports Mr. D. Rascal's speech at a public meeting. The next morning he re ceives a letter from that gentleman signed 'Honesty,' exposing the fallacy and clap trap of his own outpouring. Whichever party succeeds, he wants a billet, and any thing he can do say or write to ensure suc cess he is prepared for. Doctoi's and law yers .are commonly said to view different aspects of human nature. 1 think an edi tor sees as much as either, and will generally side with alawyer. No, sir; depend upon it, improve no man; they blunt his moral sensibility; he has so often to compromise between the right and the expedient that they soon become synonymous terms." " No doubt, no doubt, Bumptious." I broke in. "You're quite right. Chatham was a humbug, Pitt an ass. Halifax trimmed always on the winning side. Franklyn, too, was just as unprincipled as the rest. A nice lot weren't they ?-all going in for self as proved by the enormous fortunes, they made." \- Don't chaff, Fred.God forbid I should mean that hundreds of good men have not honestly and manfully worked for their country, with no sordid ends in view; but these are exceptions. But I uphold that none of your favourite statesmen were made better menby following politics. You can't travel a dirty road without picking up some of the mire." \- " Well, don't preach, and I won't chaff. Flow do you get 6n with correspondents ?" : "We seldomget letters that we care for, or thait will-pay for the time and trouble or' perusal and correction. We've plenty of offers of assistance. One will, if agreeable, send us a leader-on some pet scheme of his own. An editor is often amused, and sometimes angered, by the cool way in which' someone proposes to make a tool of himself and his paper. They seem to think he is a. fool, and so he is if he remains at his post one day longer than he can help. So I must decline peremptorily, decidedly, and most emphatically your obliging suggestion to buy the ' Scandal Town Roarer. - I don't mind hard work. I'm used to abuse.: I've an average share of brains, and less than the average share of cash. Yet I must want both in a greater degree before, I can entertain any such proposal. I am weak enough to have a lingering regard for my wife; and my children, bores as they are, are not distasteful to me. I know some thing of them now, and what home means; and certainly I am not prepared to give them all up for the pleasure of conducting a journal of small circulation, where the burden of the work falls upon the editor." THE REAL RIDE TO YORK.-Mr Richard Turpin rode many miles from .the time he left the cradle till he reached the gibbet, but he never rode from London to York, nor, in fact, did any one ever accomplish that extraordinary ride. The myth- is, however, founded on a real incident. In 1676, one Nicks arobber, haunting the" road between Chatham and London, to rob sailors on return to town with their pay, and Kentish traders on their way to London, plundered .a traveller at 4 o'clock in the morning on the slope at Gadshill, the spot immortalised by Shakspear, and for ever associated with Falstaff's delightful poltroonery. Being on a blood mare, a splenid bay, Nicks deter mined to prove an alibi in case of danger.. He rode off straight to Gravesend; there detained an hour for a boat, he prudently baited -his horse; then crossing the water, he dashed across Essex, full tilt to Chelms ford, rested half an hour, and gave his horse some balls. Then he mounted and flashed on to Bramborough, Bocking, and Wether field far across the downs to Cambridge; quick by bye-roads and cross country, he slipped past Godmanchesterr'and Hunting don to Fenny Stratford, where he baited the .good mare, and took a quick half hour's sleep. Then. once more along the north road till the cathedral grew up. before the horizon large-larger and whiz-he darted through York gate. In a moment he had led the jaded mare into an inn stable, snap ped up some food, tossed off some generous life-giving wine, and a fresh dress-say green velvet and gold lace-strolled out, gay and calm, to the boling green, then full of company. The Lord Mayor of the city happened to be there, Nicks sauntered up to him and asked him the hour. "A quar ter to 8." "Your most obedient servant." When Nicks was apprended and tried for the Gadshill robbery, the prosecutor swore to the man, the place and hour; but Nicks brought the Lord Mayor of York to prove an' alibi, and the jury, disbelieving in Sir 'Boyle' Roach's bird anywhere out of Ire land, acquitted the resolute and sagacious thief.-A?ll the Year Round. 