A CORRECTION CORRECTED. XT AKIM OKS A 8, THKMUTOCLH. ÀJ1D TXRICLBB. THE following lette» have been addressed to the editor of the Tine* : Sir,-I am not surprised st the claim advanced by " Aspasia ; " she was nevar known to miss an oppar- . trinity of making henelf aonepicuons ; bat I hope you will not let an honest warn an be deprived of her proper honours. It was my husband, Themistocles, ¡ who made the bantering speech -attributed by Lord Cairns to a Theban, as any one eon see by referring to Plutarch's story of his life Î "TOP i' v\hv ivrpv^ärra rijjjir/rpi «01 tl Utipqvi ro7c ftlv yàp *EXXIJ«V lwÏTflrri*v *À6> valone, 'A9»f vatott Í* abrcvj abra* il rifv eailfftu uijrlpä, rt¡ urjrpí i* ¿JMIVOV." Who waa Dr. "Whately, and when did "Aspasia" ever sit at his fest ? I am, Sir, an indignant -wife-and mother, Sir,-That you may not ba put out of countenance1 by "The Ghost of Aspasia," who says that you are wrong in connecting the story of " ruling Athena " ? with the name of Tnemiatocles, I beg to refer you to the following posasse in my life of Themistocles : " Laughing at his own son,-who was somewhat too - bold through the indulgence and fondness of his mother, he told him that he had the most power of ' any one in'Greece; 'for,' said he, 'Tho Athenians command the rest of Greece, I command the Athenians, your mother commands met B^d you com- mand your mother.' " I am, Sir, your obedient serrant, Pi.UTi.aoti. 1 Sir,-"The Ghost of Aspasia" hos a lively inven- tion, or a dull memory, là'her anxiety to fix upon you a blunder similar to that which you have fixed neon Lord Cairns, she chums for Pericles the story which you ascribe to Themistocles. She may be right, and certainly-she ought to .know ; but in colling Pr. Whately asher common vooohee, she ia unquestion- ably wrong. If you turn to that eminent author's " Elements of Logic," p, 346, 3rd edition, you will find, the following fallacy . i' The child of Themistocles governed his mother ; : - she governed her husband ; - he governed Athens ; : Athens, Greece ; and Greece the world ; therefore, 1 ' the child of Themistoclee governed the world." .'The above citation will show you that Mrs. Pericles, \ like" too many of her ..charming sex, has "just ¡ enough of learning to misquote." ^ i I am, Sir, your obedient servant, I July 25. SORÍTATOK. Sir,-The person -who -wrote to yon yesterday is not in society (et least not in ladies' society, for I hear she has Socrates, who is also not in society,-and other persons, such ss Alcibiades, who ought to know better, at her-evenings), and therefore as I csnnot appeal to her to correct the curious error into which she has fallen in her note to you, I must ask you to contradict her exceedingly absurd statement that she , Ia the widow of Pericles. I don't say I ara; for, as . you are aware, in consequence indeed of thc way in which he went on with that person, I was forced to make him obtain a, divorce lrom mc. But she was never even his wife. Relict, indeed ! If she be, I should like to know why he hod to get his and her boy legitimised ! * lois waa the only reason why I wished to write ; but, ss I am writing, a friend of mine, a very respect- able old gentleman (though a Bastion) of the name of Plutarch, desires me to mention that the story in question comes from him, and that though, as he is good enough to say, he lias no doubt that I did com- mand {he says the word he used was Ixirárruv, which does not mean to be Sovereign of) Pericles so long na he would let me, yet, in fact, he told the anec- dote, ss you do, of Themistocles, and not of my hus- band. But he says it does not matter much which 1*, is told of, aa it is no doubt untruo, as since he has been down here and talked with people, he has found most of the stories he told about them ere. I am. Sir, yours, THE ONLT Lvwruf WIPE OFPSMCIM. 