POLAND ; BüSSIANISED ' AT' LAST» , I Tho Imperial . decrees puDiisneu un .oijim day last at: St. Petersburg ) abolish all that, remained of Poland as a separate kingdom.. Russia bas'had. hor" will, and Polish {'nation- ality ceases to oxist^Russia süäoöeded/somo-' what less than a century ago .to a largo, share i in tho ruins of a stately odiüce^whiohiintcrhal commotions had-already materially under- mined, but which she conspired'!with others tp..bring uttorly.'to ;the, ground.".,Her efforts since then have been aonsistonthr .direoted to cloaring tho ,Bpaoo euoumborod -by what eh 'looked .upon, as, mero ' rubbish, so. tufii lof\ room [for tho extension of hor pwn'pVamiaei 'Her incessant toil has been.rewardediwit completo success.-Whatever existed of ith old fabrio has, been reduedd to ai dead level and tiloso róó'ent 'decrees dig thß'foyWaj,ipti and lay out the.plan;for the.new struo'türej, .< t (We shall1 ndt. indulge in'» vain parad» < pur^foelirigs ph this'sorrowful ^uhjectV;'.-^Mor 'thajà'énoaglt orocodilb* tears, .bàvevbe'é'n|.sno in JSuropo upon,, Poland's; .ruin» . Woi jai know whoso hands did the. deod, and 'whos 'ëyàs saw it'dPne] . Wè'aïl'"renjombör|'al*o¡th promises of [rcsóúo'.whioh wore ropeateyiy ho|j .out to tho prostrate country,.,and fthb, orju'e dtsappointmeht in wbieh' they-all ended. 11 little 'matters' now'to vdecTde'. o'n'Whom' th groatost' blame, should bo' laid y .w.njôsé, cpn vivial festivities or whose* happy/si um oe rs th" ghost of Poland should 'most«persistent! haunt. ' The crime .was consummated 'lon< '.bafOBft «Afc""ÀVl&n;': OSy^oseHtor PoÍand"ii wbioh she had not one friend in tho, world 'and, although the Muscovite secured the richies spoils for himself, still a greater antipathy anc moro, .stolid 'animosity/against the/fallet people was, ' and is even at the , present day harboured in Germany than in Russia itself Tho subjugation bf all Germany and bis re- peated triumphs over Russia had offered tb« First. Napoleon a ohnnoo whioh bb tb rofl away, and which no combination of : circum- stances could ever reproduce. Sinoo thor nothing could bo more senseless than tho o ry, " La Pologne ne périra pas." . Unless France was propared to renew the straggle of 18,13, she must havo boen well - aware that Poland bad perished; and if Poland could not bc liboratod oithor. by her'own efforts, of by foroign aid, what ohanoe was there that the aonquorod nation oould maintain her adminis- trât! vb independence? It is hardly worth while nt tho prcaont day to inquire on what particular stipulation to that offeot tho so-called Kingdom of Poland was ad- judged to tho Emperor Aloxandor I,, who had already re.assortod his rights to it by conquest. Tho negotiators of tho treaties of 181415 were certainly far from contemplating a joint guarautco on torms which would havo entailed upon thom a perpetual intorvontion between a Sovoroign and his subjoots. Diplomatists may take care of tho rights of Princes, but it is for nations to make good their own. Tho issue was, at any rate, again and again tried by tho Emperor Nicholas in 1832 ,nnd 1847, and again by his successor in 18G3.. Blow upon blow was struck at that nominal inde- pendence, and, in dospito'. of protects and' re- monstrances tho Kingdom of Poland'was ' finally mado a Russian Provinco. Nothing, indoad, oould bo more, idle than to expect the .Czar alono to deem himself bound to the observanoo of troatios . whioh othor sovoroigns had so froquontly and so flagrantly trodden under foot. Tito wholo tendonoy of raodorn progross points to tho extinction of divided allegiance A conquered people lies at tho discretion of its now muster, so far as the rost of tho world is ooncorned. Nothing, for instanco, can bo moro solidly established than the soparato oxiatohoo of the kingdom of Norway from tho Swedish Crown, but should tho King of Sweden dooroo tho administrativo and legislativo union of, tho two kingdoms, though tho Norwegians would bo entitled to resist tho arbitrary measuros to the death, 'it is doubtful whethor any European Powor would deem it eithor just dr expodiont to moddlp in tho matter. Tho Poles loy no ICBS nt tho meroy of tho Russians nftor 1810 than tho Corsicans woro at tho disorotiou of tho Fi ouch in 1700. Yot tho Corsicans wore mado French in ono day ) tho Polos havo hardly boen made Russian ID a oontury. Tho right of supromnoy by ono race over anothor hoing established, different S tatos oxoroiso it in diObront ways. ' Tho Austrians in Lom- bardy and tho English in tho Ionian Islands, finid tiie utmost rcspeot to tho laws, creeds, and nngungo-in ono word, to the iudoponilenoo of the. ' Bubjoot people, yet they failed in establishing a sufficiently popular rule to reador tho oontiouaaoo of their lupremaoy desirable. . ^yäaw.Pr«^ * di nationalised Lorraine ,7 and' Aluce; "Coi lion, and Nice, utterly by, , a single strok nf tho pen; tboy wodded. tba. alien races fe bottor, for vforso; and there is oh arm enougt it aooms, in that mero boast of Frehoh oilizec ship to rceonoilo the very Bedouins to tho loi of thlolrnTttlöfial indlvidui|lltyr. .Tho assirniln tion of the Poles'to tho common' condition c Russian-Hubjoots ~ has boon, and is non onforéed'by' sùoh ''means 'that' it-'is .' (usólos to consider whether it is-io-itself às enorraou an o vii, ¡,as. the, friends' of .Poland, despribo it Wo hayo compared. annexation,' tb' marriagf and more- incompatibility . of >torapor ougb always"-tb bb BufEoient ';to' prevent tho con olusipn of.an hnhaliowed nhion, oven if it. nee not'always aütUó'nso^itS;íésoveraneé^.' ,}If sh wonH, -sho_won't'Lought to ba. dooisive abq'u nations ns about /individuals; »and, doubtloBi Poland for tho last:-hundred years has give' irrëfragablè! óvidenco bfJhbr'reluctance/ Bu if,we start from, the fact that national .omonci potion, oitVör 'by^ her own or'by, a friendl, hand, . .has > .< beoorde'1 r an / -absoluto ' ' im possibility^ wo may well'K-ask',wbetbq it - is oruolty'L 'tb . 'Poland 1 "tb1 .Vdepriv her. iiPf J tbpj means, of-,-attempting*'.' sujo! an impossibility-wo may ask whether poacc at least; if not lbvo;: betweon - tho ? tyro1 raóo may not bo ; established'; by suóh "tborougl subjugation as would prooludo pron the ebano of a hopeless struggle. Next to any con summation that could rosbuo the Poles' fröre their fate, wo ought to hail ,any ciroumstanoi likely in any measure to roconcilo them to it , 'i TJip objeot of the Imperial dopreos/' say the'Invalido Russo, " is tho practical uniot and equalisation of tho regulations existing in Poland with thosp in force iii Russia," These refer chiefly to matters, connected with .finan oial,.postal, and provincial administration. ; I is impossible for us to hare an opinion'ai to .tho .nature of' . the ?"'" improvements' which have been introduocd in Russia, ant whioh,;acaording,to tho sarao journal, 77 th< I Government will now bo enabled to extend t( j Poland." Alexander . Iii, as- we all know has had tho'crcdit of at least benevolent lu ..tentions towards his own. Russian' subjects Ho aspires to the honours of an enlightened ' and-liberal Reformer. ' Some of his measures although ''greeted with'popular applause^ hdvf not led us to as satisfactory results'in' prac- tice as woro theoretically expected of .them Still,.-we"have 'no -doubt that tho cbnditiot of tho Polos, might in some respects be bet- tered by,.,thfii.propósbd fusion. Wo were equally* convinced/.that' in somo matron Lombardy ' fared ? hotter.'Mnder Austrian than it does now under ' national Italian "rnle^-.-Bnt--nationality-for-tho-Italiane was tho.'.'pearl of ) groat prioo," by , tho side of whioh all that tho world could give wac 'valueless;' and so, in all .probability/jt would [bp,for/the,'Poles,' too; ,'iWore.there', tho'Idas) room foe option, nothing would ,bo easier .than to advise tho Poles to ." spurn the Muscovite 'and his'gifts:" -'But it is difficult to conooivc from,.,what, quarter the faintest/glimmer! ol hope 'oáVdawÁi.upon "ibo doomed natipn. Whit' silly game the new Austrian. Premier 'mayVdeem it expedient to'play in Galioialwo aro nçt'ablé'fo'm'ake'bu^ bas nor hañds'.i"uU iènôùgh of dbmóátío tronbles'with^ out bringing ?- other . ? ! people's i quarrels 'npoû,s : . herself. ;¡ >. Wero - ovon Baron Von "Boust "bocked " 'by' 'Franco"."' ¿nd 'Italy in bis'designs, as has beon'ivainlyisur mised^he^oul^harfjy^^- ^ Russia, tand. Prussia, but tho wboloj'of Ger- many. ' How.Geroiany understands tho theory of nationality,, as applied to othor pooplo, tho, Poles' have had ampié: opportunity, pf learn- ing in Posen .and Galiota.,. ,But should any doubt remain, the Poles neod only look to tho treatment of tho Danish distriots of North Sohleswig. Thoro Bismarck shows bitnsolf as'uncompromising an assimila'tor as the Czar himself.. : : 