DAVY JONES, JUNIOR. - ...... [FHO1I ONCE A WEEK.] ? CHAPTER II. Adjoining Mr Block's wharf stood tlao well-known, old-established, river-side tavern, The Traveller's Joy, kept by one- Mrs Bar ford, a wido.w woman, much respected in the neighborhood. It was a well-conducted house; its tap-room much frequented by Thames watermen, sailors, and colliers, and its parlor the resort of sach sensible', sociable tradesmen of the district- as liked a genial glass, ..a. friendly talk, and a peaceful pipe before they went to bed. Tho Traveller's Joy bore a good name. Its liquors were excellent, and its patrons were, for the most part, peace ful, orderly people. It was oftentimes said thereabouts that Mrs Barford managed her hostelry as, well as any man could— bettor, it' anything. There had hardly ever been;any thing like disturbance or discomfort knoffnin the, house. ? .? - ? Some days had' passed since Mr Block's departure for. Margate. It was an autumn night, cold for tho time of year. A thick, unwholesome mist hung . about the river and its banks. Mrs Barford was' very busy in - kor bar, for her- customers made frequent de mands upon her for warm and cordial glassos with which to counteract the unpleasantness of ' tho weather. In the tap-room it was unanimously agreed that it was ' an uncom mon nasty night, to bo sure.' The parlor was of opinion ' that wo should have Christmas upon us now before we know where we wero.' Mrs Barford, a stately -woman with a glow ing, face, tall as a grenadier, and almost as mus cular, was equal totho occasion. In truth, she was equal to most occasions. Sbe stirred the bar fire till the kettle sang again, she re plenished glasses, she pounded sugar, ehe squeezed lemons : her punch had seldom been so hqtor so strong, or so thoroughly admirable altogether, as on- that disagreeable and un seasonable autumn night. A man entered hurriedly, and stood for a moment irresolute in the passage of the Traveller's Joy. ' Why, ?mercy on me, Mr Starkie, how white you look !' -. exclaimed Mrs Barford. ' He's white at ino3t times; you know,' she said, afterwards to Betsy, her assistant handmaid in the bar, 'but I never saw Mm look so whits as he looked then.' . ' The new-comer was tall and well proportioned. He was said generally to bo ' a fine figure of a ,man.' His features were very regular, hand same, and clean-cut, and from his complexion being so colorless there was a look as of an ivory-carving about his hoad. As ho lifted hia broad-brimmed hat (the hat was then in- a transitional state ; having abandoned its old three-cornered form, it was on its way to tho chimney-pot pattern of our own times, but its crown was as yet low and undeveloped), hi3 hair was seen to ? bo carefully combed and crested on his forehead, after the fashion then : prevalent. His dress was of a sober kind, yet it was worn with a certain air of pretence. His coat was of snuff-colored cloth, double broastedi'high in tho collar, and adorned with close rows of bright powter buttons. His waistcoat was of ii broad striped taffeta. Hia ribbed cotton stockings wero spotless and white as his cambric ncckloth. His shoes were brilliantly polished. It seemed as though he were' proud, as ho had some reason to bo, of his shapely legs ami small feet. ' A broad grebn silk watch ribbon, with a cluster of sealis ' ami keys attnehed, depeudediromhisfob. Alto gether he looked somewhat superior to hi3 real position, which was simply that of junior partner in the firm of Block -fc Co.,- Ship-breakers'. 'Did you not hear the. report of firearms ?' ho inquired anxiously of the landlady of the Traveller's Joy. His voice- trombled sotho what as he. spoke. 'When ? Just- now? 'Two minutes ago ? Well, I did hear something. But I was so busy, I'd. hardly time to give it a thought. Yes, I remember now, I heard a gun go off. I thought it must have been fired from some police-boat on the river, in chase of smugglers. But then the parlor-bell rang^- — ' ' It was fired at me,' said Mr Starkie, gravely. ' You never mean it, Mr Starkie! that you don't.' / 'It was fired at mo as I sat alone ia Mr Block's parlor facing the river. The bullet passed closo over nvy head and lodged in tho wall behind mo. It was, well aimed!' An . inch or two, lower, and Iliad been a dead man.' Whom' did ho suspect ? He did not , Imow whom to suspoefc. Ho could not think that the shot had been intended for him. He had no enomieg that ho knew of. He was inclined to thiak that the shot must have been intended for Mr Block. ' But why for Mr Block,?' asked tho landlady. ' Surely Mr Block had no enemies either. No one could dream of at tempting tho life of good old Mr Block.' That waa bo,, certainly. Me Stnrkio con fessed himself wholly at a loss to understand the matter. But Mr Block was in tho habit, it was woll known, of sitting at night in the par lor facing tho river. If any one had fancied I himself aggrioved by tho firm — it could but be I fancy, jet who could account for fancy ? — he I would surely seek to avenge himself upon the senior mombor of- tho firm rather than tho junior— who had until quito recently been simply Mr Block's clork and servant. It was by the merest chance that ho, Mr Starkio, had been in the parlor at all. Ho had been taking care of the house and nmnagiiig the business in the absence of Mr Block at Margate. Ho was quite alone in tho house at the time. ' Quite alone ?' repeated Mrs Barford. ' Whore then was the lad Davy Jones?' 'Was ho hot at the Traveller's Joy?' Mr Starlrie asked in some surpiasc. He had sent the boy out some twenty minutes before, to get two dozen oysters and some ale, for hia (Mr Starkie's) supper. Ho admitted that ho had had some words with tho boy — who was n very idlo and ill-behaved boy. Mr Starkio had frequently had occasion to reprimand him for his carelessness, inattention nnd neglect of duty ; and Mr Block was constantly com- | plaining of him. ' A young rinib, if over thcru § was one, it's well known,' Mrs Barford com- | monted. . 1 Yet still Mr Stavkio couldn't boliovo that I tho boy had any hand in tho aitenrpt upon lria | life. It was curious, however, Mr Starkio was | compelled to admit. The boy had beon a long | time gone upon a very simple errand. Ho | could have dono all that he was required to do | in less than fivo minutes. . .Mr Starkio had | fully ; expected to find Davy Jones at Mrs Bar ford'g house. A littlp group had by this time assembled in the passage of tho Traveller's Joy. Thoro had boon a supension in tho supply of drinks, and tho thirsty had emerged from both tho pr.v- j lor and tho tap- room, to mnko personal inquiry why thoiv nocos.sitios woro ijofc' hoocletli . But they ? forgot the object with which they . had' approached the bar, as they found themselves auditors !of the interesting converse between Mr' Starlde !and the landlady. Presently they.. wore agreeing that things looked very black indeed a'3 against.. Davy Jones ; and' Mrs Bar foi'd's solemn denunciation-^' dopend; upon it that young limb's at the bottom of the mis 1 chief,' met with general support. It was the universal opinion that the boy had not been called 'Davy Jones' for nothing. Just then, the door opened. The boy himself entered, carrying a dish of oystera. He walked to the bar as coolly and unconcerned as might bo, and ordered a jug of strong ale for Mr Starkie. , , : He was questioned as to what ho had been doing ? where he had boon ? why he had loi tered ? He answered with prompt impudence, ' that that was. his business ; and that ho had seen no reason to hurry oven Mr Starkie's er rands, who was- no master, of his.' Being pressed and threatened, he was a little discon certed. . Finally he admitted ' that if they must know, ho had been playing ' pitchand toss,' with Tom the pot-boy— of whom they might make inquiry on the subject, if they listed.' Tom the pot-boy was discovered, and confirmed the story. . Ho said 'they had been playing ' pitch-and-toss' for a matter, of ten minutes — or, it might be, a quarter of an hour. And if they had been been playing pitchand to3s,' both boys domanded, with one consent, 'where was the harm, and what need all that to-do about it ?' ' We know what pitchaud toss leads to, roy fine fellows,' said a by stander, severely. But, upon tlje whole, Davy's' judges were somewhat shaken. Fie was, they held, either altogether innocent, or else a hardened criminal ; the latter for choice. Suddenly Mrs Barford placed a lighted candle on the ground. ..??'? If he's been out in Block's wharf this night,' she said, 'his shoes will be covered with wet clay.' . But submitted to thi3 tost Davy came out triumphant. His shoes wero as clean aswere Mr Starkie's. Indeed his appearance was dis tinguished by an order and a neatness alto gether new to him. The was even somo evi dence to the effect that his hands and face had been washed recently iii soapi and water, and that his hair had received the unaccustomed : benefits of brushing and combing. 'It doesn't ?prove very much,' said Mrs Barford, thought Sully, as she took up her candle ;. ' for he has had time to change his shoes.' ' It would be difficult,' Davy remarked, quietly, 'see- ing that I've only got one pair of them.' ' I'll see to the bottom of this, if I die for it. I can't have such a scandal as this going on in the neighborhood of the Traveller's ' Joy. Who's man enough to go round with me', and search thd Tvharf ? demanded Mrs Barford, resolutely. - ? ' This inquiry h?4 rather the effect of thinning the group that had collected about tho bar.- ? Many went quietly back to their seats in the tap-room and parlor. They were men of peace. It was not their vocation to go in quest of murderers and such like. Least of all on such night as that. Besides, who 'knew but that the man who fired the ? shot had others ahot3 in store for those seeking his arrest ? Still two or three proclaimed themselves men enough for Mrs Barford's purpose. There upon the landlady lighted a stable lantern which she gave te Mr Starlde to carry, took down a blunderbuss from over the mantelshelf in the bar, put on the old fashioned head-gear known as a ' calash,' prudently removed the massive silver watch which swun j from -her. girdle (worn very high up — short waists were the vogue), and proceeded upon the proposed reconnaissance of Mr Block's premises. ' Hold up the lantern, Mr Starkie,' said Mrs- Barford. ' Bo very careful where ' you tread, all of you. The shot was fired level with the window. The man who fired it must have stood on this part of tho wharf. The shot couldn't have . come from the river. It wouldn't in that case have struck the parlor wall where it did. We shall find foot-priuts in the clay, depend upon it — close under the window.' They found none, however. The night was very dark — 'all was quiet, save only the distant sound of tho Thames licking its mud banks. A man could hardly have escapedfrom the pre mises by means of tho river, f or it was quite low water, and if he had attempted to leap from tho raised platform of the wharf, he must have broken his neck by the fall, or have been smothered in tho dense, deep mud below.: On either side were Wooden palisades of frail make, which must have given woy had anyone climbed them endeavoring' to seek refuge in the adjoin ing premises. They had been lightly con structed especially with that object.- 'Yet the ? palisades remained whole; there had ap parently been no escape over them. It was very strange. Was the man still hidden in the wharf ? Search .was made among tho grisly skeletons of decayed ships. Hero was a fragment of tho hull of tho Clive, East Indiamau. The mutilated figure-head pointing significantly with its broken right arm to tho parlor where Mr Starlde had been sitting when tho bullet struck the wall at his back. Hero were' capstans, ' windlasses, cranes, chain cables, anchors! mast heads, and a thousand other items strewed about in rusty, rotting heaps ; the stock in trade ef Messrs Block and Co., Ship- breakers. Yet never a trace was found of the man who had fired at the junior party in the firm. The search of Mrs Barford and 'her party was diligent, but fruitless. 'I'll advertise in the riewspapors. I'll print hand bills,' said Mr Starkie ; - 'I'll offer a reward of fifty pounds for tho discovery of tho offender. That is, of course,',' he addod with a ohange of tbno, 'if Mr Block consents to my doing so. I can do nothing without his . permission;' 'We'll sit up all night with you if you liko, Mr Stax'Me,' said Mrs Barford, epoaking for herself and J-er frionds. Mr Starlde thought it wou!3 not be neces sary. Ho was under no fear.' JIo did not think, that there was ? any more dorfger for that night, at any rate. ? Tho offender would not return. Besides Mr Starkio slept in ail upp'or chamber away from the. river front of tho house. Mrs Barford complimented him on liis courage, but insisted on leaving with him her blunderbuss. ?'? And now,' she said to her party, ' thore's a rummer of hot grog at tho Traveller's Joy for whoovor likes it; — and without charge. Wo shall bo nono of us the worse for it, I'm thinking. Such a night aa it is tool' ? ?????? ?- chapter nr. '' Soon it was known iu tlib neighborhood. that Mr Starlde had written to his partner, inform ing him of what had had happoned ; and that Mr Block, much disturbed by tho intelligence, and little benefited in health by his sojourn at ? to investigate the mattor. -; Popular suspicion still pointed in the direction of the boy Davy Jones, though it did not appear that the case; against him had gainod strength in any way. 1 Yet it '.was held generally, to be a sort' of out rage upon common seu32, and the naturo of things, that thero should be mischief done upon Mr Block's promises, and that the boy Davy Jones should have no hand in it. The com pany meeting nightly in the parlor and tap-' room of tho Traveller's Joy, formed themselves into a sort ? of extra- judicial tribunal, and sat in judgment upon tho case. Without much regard for the principles of law or the rules of evidence, thoy decided that the : boy Davy Jones wii3 guilty of the attempt upon Mr Starkie'a life. For if lie wasn'nt guilty, why then, who could be ? they demanded.. The case was narrowed to that issue. AndupsnMrs Barford frankly stating her opinion that the boy ' was a limb ; who : was't born to bo drowned,' an unanimous verdict was given cgainst Davy Janes, and it was adjudged that ho certainly ought to bo hanged in Horsemonger Lane at the very earliest opportunity, or, at the very least, trans potted to His Majesty's plantations in the West Indies for the remainder of his natural life. Meantime, however, no formal proceed ings were taken. The officers of the' Grown did nothing. It was believed that they were waiting until the public advertisement of a handsome reward had stimulated their well known zeal for the discovery, of crime. As yet Mr Starkie had. not issued his haud billa ; and it was understoad that he had re frained from putting himself in communica tion with the police on the subject. This forbearance, supposing it to arise from cle mency towards tho boy Davy. Jones, was re garded by Mrs Barfonl and her 'friends as beyond anything weak and mistaken and preposterous. ? ? The return of Mr Block was awaited and witnessed with much interest. He appeared to be in a worse state of health than when he had quitted London! He could hardly walk into his house without assistance. But then he had been much upset by the news of the attempt upon his partner's life. More over, the Margate hoy had met with very rough weather on its passage to London. Both Mr Block and his daughter had : suf fered very much from sea-sickness. Still he had' shown a proper spirit on the occasion. He had' declared that he wouldn't rest a moment until the offender had been discovered and brought to justice. He had already had long deliberations with Mr Starkie on the subject. He had determined that a handsome reward should be offered, ' and that the Bow Street officers should be at okco consulted. Miss Nancy Block had also been much dis tressed. She feared that all this excitement would, have a very injurious oitect upon her father's health. At Mr ^Starkie's request she had favored him with a private interview in the counting-house. She had come. forth pale and shivering, and faint, with streaming eyesj and- encountered the boy Davy Jones close outaide the door.. 'Listening and spying again, Davy ' she said, in a tone of reproach, yet'still gently and kindly. She seemed not to possess strength enough to be angry. 'I couldn't hear what he said — -I couldn't see any thing. ' The door was shut so close. But you're crying, Miss Nancy?' 'Oh! Davy, if what he says' is true? That my father — — But I ought not to tell you.' ' What did he say ? Did he. insult you ? Con I help you, Miss Nancy ? Oh ! if I only could ! Let me help you — let mo try and help yau, Miss Nancy., Don't cry so — it breaks my heart - to see you crying so.' ' You're a good boy, . Davy.' 'You're the first that's ever said so much for.mo. Bless you for it, Miss Nancy !' Davy interposed, softly. ' I know you'd help me if you could; but you can do nothing, nothing. Ho says— I must tell some one — he says my father is a ruined man ; that even if he regains his health, he must give up all he Xiossesses; and that|if he dies, he leaves me a beggar. Not' that I care for that ; but my poor father! If I should lose him!,, And then— then he -spoke— ho spoke again of his love for mo,' and Miss Block blushed, and bowed her head upon her breast. ''He did, did ho?' muttered Davy, between clenched teeth. 'And you,. Miss Nancy ; what did you answer him ? You. didn't tell him you! loved Mm ; don't say that, Mis3 Nancy. You didn't tell him yon loved him? You never could have told him that 1' ' Could I talk — could I think— at such a time, of his love, or of mine, or of anybody's ?' 'Yon couldn't, Miss Nancy, of course you couldn't,' Davy acquiesced, eagorly. ' Hush, not a word more now. Tli ere'3 a footstep,' And they separated, as Mr Starkie approached ?them. ' ' ?'?''. '?'?. . .. . : In the course of the evening following Mr Block's return to town, his usual medical atten dant, a near neighbour, one Mr Jasper, called upon Mm. The doctor gave, upon the whole, a not unfavorable account of his patient's state. He had great hopes of ; Mr Block's speedy 'restoration to health '?;' though' ho ad mitted he found him somewhat nervous and excited, arid, a littlo tho worse for his rough journey from Margate. 'But care; and at-, tention, and quiet,' said Mr Jasper ' will do much, very much for ii3. ' We have an admir able constitution ; a goodnursein our daughtor, Miss Block; a trusty man of business, who'll relieve us from all unnecessary trouble i) in our excellent partner Mr Starkie. Well, we 'couldn't ask. for much more, could wo now.?' And bo Mr Jasper bowed politely, and went his way. -\ ''.., ' ' '? ''??'. ' . ? ? ' ' CHAPTER IV. About nine, o'clock tho next night, a sudden . noise made Mrs Barford start so much- — she was, by no moans a-porson given to starting— r, that sho dropped aud broke a jug she was fill ing with hot water from the bar-fire. ' Why, God. bless ; mo !' sho cried; ?', what can havo happened?. As I'm a living woman, -there's been another shot 'fired on Block's wharf. I heard the report distinctly. Please God no harm's happened to old Block 1 And what's come to my, nerves, I wonder? I'vo broken my jug..'.! 'I never.did such a thing before in all. ? my, life. .My best jug too.' 1 \ .. A. few minutes, arid Davy. Jones came .run , ning into the Traveller's Joy, -breathless '. and polo, , and troubling all over. 'Ig the boy mad ?' domanded Mrs Barford. Ho. was clutching her arm very tightly. ' Oh! please Mrs' .Barford, v will you coirio, directly,', ho gasped... ;' 'Wig master's boon shot by some villain outside on tho wharf ? ; and Miss Nancy — it will kill her— it will kill hor ! Holp . her, please help hor 1' As ho spoke, Davy tottered,' throw up his bunds, and; but for Mrs Barford's aid, would hayo fallen, on tho. floor of the bai rn a Muting lit, She dashed cold water on his face andpoured brandy into his mouth. 'Poor lad, how deathly white he looks ! And he . weighe a. mere nothing. Chafe his hands, Betsy — -he'll come round in a minute.' She had taken him up in her arms — 3he was a strong woman — as though he had been a tiny child, and carried him to a sofa that stood at the end of the room. ? She had disliked the . boy previously, holding him very cheaply, but sho couldn't have been more tender with him now had she been his -mother. In truth, a woman's, heart beat within Mrs Barford's sturdy and substantial frame. And it was noticeable, that from the time when Davy Jones had fainted in her arms, she took up with milder' notions concerning him: left off calling him 'a limb,' seemed rather to pity than to censure him, and in some sort, constituted herself his friend and protectress. She was satisfied, probably, that his emotion at the troubles afflicting his master's house was tho result of genuine sympathy and sorrow. ? : . ' ..?'.?? . Presently he had recovered sufficiently to accompany her to Mr Block's. A strange scene presented itself in the shipbreaker's par lor fronting the liver; Mr Block, frightfully pale and weak, lay stretched upon the floor, his bead propped up by pillows. Mr Jasper, tho medical man, looking very grave indeed, was in attendance, rendering such aid as was possible. Closa beside him stood Mr Starkie, who seemed to bo almost paralysed, by anxiety and alarm. Miss Block, with a face liko a ghost, was on her knees by tho side of her. father, bathing his temples with vinegar, the while she with difficulty restrained herself from swooning away. ? ' ?? ? It was whispered that poor old Mr Block had not long ts live. A lawyer had been sent for to make his will, and a messenger had been despatched to Bow-street to give information to the police authorities of the crime that had been perpetrated. The shot had taken effect in the left lus-.g. Whenever the wounded man attempted to speak, his mouth filled with blood. As a measure of relief, and possibly because it was held at that time a proper operatian to per form in almost all cases domanding medical aid, Mr' Jasjjer had advised that his patient should bebledin the arm. This had been accomplished amidst a strange and awful silence. The suf ferer, much weakened, was by this means enabled to utter a few words, but only at long intervals, and in a whisper that was but just '? audible. A justice of the peace was brought in to re ceive the deposition of the dying, man. He had but a simple statement to make. ' God knows,'.' he gasped, 'I never injured any man ,30 as to lead him to take my life like, this.' ' Truer words were never spoken,' murmured , Mrs Bavford. And then she whispered to Davy, while the tears filled her own eyes, ' Don't cry, my lad. He's going, to a better world than this.' . ; He had been Bitting all the evonirig in his parlor facing the river, Mr Block ' deposed. He had been going through various. papers and books of account with his. partner, Godfrey . Starlde. Once or twice he had, been left alone while Starkie, in aid of their examination, had gone to fetch furtherpapers fromtheoffice on the other side of the house. They had had tea to gether in the parlor. At Mr Block's desire, Starkie had gone to bring in the cash-book of the paat year; he had not been gone two minutes when Mr Block saw the window raised- a few inches from' the outside ; a hand was thrust into the room. Then came a flash, ? the report of a pistol, and he found himself struck in the side., It was the work of W moment, and all so strange and sudden, he said, that it seemed like a dream. He hardly knew what had happened, or how it had happened. He had nothing more to say. Did he suspect any one? No, he did not know whom to suspect. Did he notice anything remarkable about the hand ? As far as he could seo it was a white hand. As the deponent gave this answer, a police offieer standing by suddenly grasped tho boy Davy by the wrist and held up his hand towards the' light. He dropped it ' again instantly, with an air of disappointment. . The boy's hand was black with tar — not a: new soil, for the tar was quite dry. Mrs Barford, with afierco look, drew the boy closer to her. . The lawyer wroto out rapidly a short will; Mr Block bequathed the whole of his property ' to his only daughter, and appointed his friend Godfrey Starlde to be his executor. Ho ! re quested in a feeble tone that they would lift him up' that he might sign the will. ;Mr Jasper and Starkie together raised him to a sitting posture. Just, then he was' seized with a; shivering fit, and for somo minutes was ?unable to hold his pen between his fingers. At last he succeeded:in affixing a very tremu lous signature to the document the lawyer had prepared. Then, with a faint cry, ' My poor 'Nancy, may God protect . her !' ho fellljack upon his pillow, the blood streaming from ,his mouth. ' All is over !' said the doctor, after a slight pause. ' Look to Miss Block, some one.' t ,-?].'.','. '. *''?' ? ' ' '?' Upon the order of the magistrate, the 'Bo\7-' street officers took possession of the house. Miss Block, moro dead than alive, was plaoed under the protection of Mrs Barford, and ' conveyed to the Traveller's Joy, toremain there until after tlie inquest, or until her nearest re latives could be communicated with, tho polico constable who had examined Davy's hand seoraed now struck by a new idea. Suddenly and dexterously he seized the boy by the ankle, at the risk of throwing him down, and held his foot towards tho light. His shoes' wore covered with . the thick yellow clay of the wharf. ' Haven't I been at work in tho whai'f all the day long ?' demanded tho boy. ' You must liand;thoso shoes over to me, my fine fellow,' Baid the constable. . ' I'll find you a pah* to wear instead.' . ? ' ? .' With angry, tearful eyes, Davy glared round at the foet of the bystanders, in hop'os, possibly,' that some other shoos might bo found ;in a statp as suspicious as his own. Ho found norio, however. It was noticed that lie had looked 'particularly at the shoes worn by Mr Starkio. However, Mr Starkie's shoes wero as bright, and clean, and his ribbed cotton stockings ns brilliantly white as over. It was clear that lie [had not been out iii tho wharf that evening. , An inquest was 'held upon the body of Mr Block. . The jury returned a verdict of ' Wilful murder against some person or persons .un known.' An attempt was made to bring ,th'e crime home to the apprentice of tlio mnrdored ,rnan. A satisfactory alibi was proved, how ever. Davy Jones was in conversation with Miss Nancy Block when the pistol shot wris heard. Miss Block, in deop mpnrning end painfully' distressed, cariio forward as a- witness on his bohalf. It was said very generally that hor testimony bad saved tho boy's ueck from tho sailoTyfl ; ox Rt nny rate, litul pvovontetl his being. forthwith committed to prison to take liis trial for mnrder. The evidence against him amounted to little more than suspicion, joined to his ill-reputo in the neighborhood as a mischievous and evilly-disposed boy. 'And even if I hadn't been at your side at tho moment, you'd never have thought it was me that took the master's life — surely you never would, Miss. Nancy?' ho said. 'No Davy, my poor boy, indeed I never could have thought such a thing. But, oh, Bavy, if we could but bring the nm/derer to justice !' ' I loved tho master. I haven't worked for him as I ought, I know. I feel it now. I'm almost as bad a boy as they say I am. But God knows I'd never have hurt a hair of his head ! . I'd have given my life* for his, and welcome. . I'd give it now to spare you a pain, Miss Nancy ; you know I would. And I'll never rest till I've found the poor master's murderer.' ; Mean while, Davy had been dismissed the wharf — bidden, indeed, somewhat angrily, to show his face no more upon the premises. Mr Starkie stated he did not require the services of his late partner's apprentice — a worthless boy, of idle and mischievous inclination, to say the best of him. . For a time he was subsisting on the bounty of Mrs Barford, of the Traveller's Joy. chapthu v. The mystei-ious murder of Mr Block oc casioned a groat stir and commotion. The Government of the day offered a largo reward for tho discovery and conviction of the mur derer, while a free pardon wa3 promised ' to anyone privy to the crime, not being tho actual assassin, who would aid tho administration of j astice by turning king's evidence. Crowds from all parls visited the scone of the Eother hithe tragody. Much sympathy was expressed for the daughter of the unfortunate man ; but for a time all attempts to elucidate the mystery remained ineffectual. Tho officers of the law ?wero said to be certainly baffled and at fault. With many people the apprentice Davy Jones was still an object of grave suspicion. The story of that oth'er apprentice George Bamwell, the subject of Mr Lillo's admirable play, was frequently quoted and sagaciously commented on as being singularly apposite to the present case. The police constable who, on the night of the murder, had made so close an examination of Davy's hands and feet; clung to his theory of the boy's guilt with singular pertinacity. Every small piece of evidence ho could collect he sought to twist and shape and fit in to this view of the affair. Ho was for ever hanging about the Traveller's Joy, listening to the talk thtre, smoking his pipe and talcing his glass, in a very friendly and pleasant way, but with his eyes incessantly watching every movement of Davy Jones. Mrs Barford, for tho enter tainment of her guests, oftentimes strangers now, drawn by curiosity from distant parts of London, would relate her share in the evants of that dreadful evening. She went into much dotniliu her recital.' 'I shall never forget,' she said one night; ' how tho poor soul shivered and lot fall' his- pen, when they were lilting him up to sign his will. I fancy that the sight of Mr Starkio's white hands reminded him some how for the moment of the hand he had seen at the window.' To a close observer it might : ha vc occurred that the Bow-street officer was struck by this fancy of Mrs Barford's, and took a mental note of it. Hib manner towards ? the boy underwent a change from that time ; and ho was said tohavebeen seen shortly after wards in close confabulation with Mr Block's lawyer and Mr Jasper the doctor, who took a keea interest in the case, and yet were both regarded as friends and patrons of Davy Jones, ? and had never for one moment credited his guilt. Mias Block, her health much shattered, and her grief unspeakably great, remained under the shelter of Mr3 Barford's roof. It was re portod that she had determined not to quit the neighborhood until justice had been done upon her father's murderer. She was not left too well provided for, people said. The late Mr Block's affairs were not in nearly so prosperous a state as had been imagined. The business was carried on by the surviving partner, who, it was rumored, had been paying his addresses for some time to Miss Block. Of course on immediate mamago was riot to be thought of ; but it, was generally esteemed desirable for Miss Block's interests that she Bhould even tually becomo Mrs Starkie. In such wise the manifest difficulties of her situation would be satisfactorily adjusted. Many of Miss Block's friends, therefore, counselled hor by all means to favor Mr Starlde's suit; presuming that he was presenting hhnself as a suitor. Such chances, they averred, did not occur every day ; and should, accordingly, when they did bccui-j be appreciated and made the most of, especially by people 'without features,' and, as it now appeared, without fortune either. To reject the offer of marriage of a man like Mr Starkio, supposingthat ho ever was weak enough to make such an offer, was a proceeding that would be characterised by Miss Block's friends only as a ssrt of ' flying in the face of Provi dence.' It was in vain that Miss Block represented that she did not want advice of that, or indeed of any kind. Miss Block's . friondB know, bettor what was good for her than sho know hdrself ; so thoy persisted in giving her advice, which was, indeed, all they did give her, and. was, after all, not a gift of a very costly or valuable naturo. If it had been, Miss Block's friends, probably, would not have been quite so liberal with it. CUAPTEIIVI. : MiBB Block occupiod a quiet uppor cbambor in Mrs Barford's house, commanding a view of the river, and of the wharf -premises of her father. Latd one night, whon she could not sleep for/ thinking of her sorrows, and of certain events' that had happened that day, she was startled by tho sound as of people talking,1 under her window. In some alarm, she rose quietly and looked forth. It seemed to her that there 'were two figures moving about in tho wharf below. As, she became more' accustomed to the dim light, she per ceived that one was a burly man in top boots, 'who carried a dark Lmthorri. It was tho Bow street' officer. The othor was surely Davy Jones; yet in such a guise that ho was hardly to bo recognisod. Ho was . but half dressed, and black as ink from lioud to foot. A rope was tied round his waist, and tho line was hold by his companion' as a moasuro of precaution, while tho boy was wading, and' plunging, and searching in tho dark mud of the wharf. Again arid again '? ho seeniod in danger of oinldng bolow tho surface, ' when immediately ho ' was drawn out by the officer. For' somo time tho labors of tho pair seemod to bo in vaiu. They stopped for somo minutes to regain breath and to rest. ' It'B Uicky I noYcy was afraid, of dirt)' the tippion* tice was heard to say, in a low voice. ' Now, I'll goin again; the tide will be in upqn us very shortly. Hullo ! my foot struck against some thing— a stone ? no, not a stone. I've lost it— no, I havo it.' r , ^ He was drawn in presently, bearing a small dark object in his hand. The officer was 'soon to examine it carefully by the li.«hfc of hia lanthorn. 'Hist! David. Is that you?' said Miss Block. 'I must see you— I riiusfc speak to you, a3 soon as may be. * Come round to the front door ; I'll let you in.' ' Shall I come as I am ? I'm half smothered in mud, Miss Nancy.' ' What does that matter?' Mis3 Block went down softly to the street door of the Traveller's Joy. In a minute David presented himself— a drendful object ? vory wet, and slimy, and muddy with an old sack tin own over his shoulders. Yet Miss Block did not shrink from him. ' I want to warn you of danger, Davy. Keep out of Mr Starkie's sight. Don't let him see. you about the wharf. He has been threatening you — he has been threatening , me. He is very angry with us both. He avows we are in league together. He says that I care for— that I love you, Davy.' ' How dare ha msult yon, Mias Nancy?' quoth David, sim ply. ' I have rejected his suit, and he i3 mad with rage against me— and against everyone . I— I care for. He says a word from him would send you to tho gallows. . He threatfitia to make oath before tho magistrates that you were not by my side when the shot wa3 fired; and that I foreswore myself at the inquest in order lo screen you. He will be avenged on both of us, he says. So take care, Davy, what you do. He is a bad and unscrupulous man. _ I did not think so once, I own, but I know it now too well. Take care then, Davy. But go now ; you are wet through ; you will catch your death of cold. I ought not to havo ? kept you so long. God bless you, Davy.' 'I haven't been laboring in vain, Miss Nancy,' said David, cheerily, as he hurried off. The next morning Mr Starkie presented himself at Bow-street. He had a statement to make, he said, in referesco to tho. lato tragedy at Rotkerlrithe. His nanio was .God frey Starkie, partner of tho deceased ship breaker. ' Tho very man we want,' said a constable. ' Quick with the hand- cuffs, Jenu I arrest you, Godfrey Starkio, Dn tho charge' of . wilful murder Df tho late Sampson Block of Rotherhitbo.' The prisoner started, but recovered hirjsclf im mediately. ' You shall pay dearly for this ' he said, indignantly. ' Bring me to trial as soon as may be. I'll wager p. hundred pounds i am acquitted, and rido btoine from tho assizes ih a post- chaise and four.' ( To be continued.) ?' A Bill has boon passod in BarbaoVoes for the destruction of rats. The paroclr.al treasurers are to pay out of [ho. parochial funds one penny per head for every rat destroyed/ The ILjalxh of the Queen,— When, a fort night smce, we atutod that vvaLad good grounds for making public the reasons which prevented her Mujosty from appearing at evening crowded « assemblies, the statemer.'o was accepted by tho vast majority of the, Press and the public as neither exaggerated nor incorrect. There havo, however, been some exceptions to this rule. These would be scarcely worthy of no tw 4^ad/ net the writers assumed tnat they were more or less author ised to impugn the accuracy of the paragraph which appeared in tl\e Lancet. Upon a subject of so much delicacy we spoke with what we believe to have been a becoming and justifiable reserve. Our report was in no respoct sensational or over-stated. It was a plain narration of facts, which, in justice to her Majesty and to the sonrce from which we ob tained it, we felt bound to make public. Ihe appearance of the Queen in public on a recent occasion was followed by a most dis tressing attack of sickness and exhaustion, which lasted for several hours. The inner life of the court is, necessarily. known to but few; even those in immediate attendance upon, the Queen are not always in a position to arrive at a correct knowledge of her Majesty's real condition. The privacy of the Sovereign should ba as much respected as that of the humblest of her subjects. There arc occasions, however, on which that privacy may be held too sacred. This is more especially the case when erro neous reports have gained general credence. Then it is right to be Imown tbat her Majesty with the greatest desire to fulfil all those duties which appertain to her dignity or her hospi tality, is occasionally prevented from perform ing them by bodily Buffering of a character most difficult to be homo. — The Lancet. The Race between Victoma And' Cali- yoRNiA.— Tho Alta Califomian of 6th August, says : — The two chief gold-producing countries of the world — California, an American State in tho North Pacific ; and Victoria, a British, colony in the Ssuth Pacific— are rnrinin'- a race in tho career of industrial and commercial greatness. Heretoforo the race has been nearly even. Each loads in its own hemisphere Melbourne is tho cMef city of tho South, as San Franoisco is of tho North Paoiiic.; We are a littlo behind ia population ; but we ara ?ahead in agriculture and manufactures, and ia the prospects of future prosperity. Mel bourno$ has its lines of ocoan stcamors, its railroad' and its telographio lines to tho mines ; but it baa no railroad to equal the trans-Continontal, and no' steamer lino to rival tho trans-Paciftc. California 'lies' on the* direct lino of tho north temperate zone, which has produced noarly all tho wealth, enterpriso and intelligence of tho world, and we must rely on our position to assist us to surpass our Australian rival. In political institutions there is littlo difference in anything savo name Victoria governs herself, and all tho officials aro directly or indirectly chosen by tho people, sayo the Governor ; and oven ho is undorstooi to hold office only bo longashe has tho fa vor of tho colony. Thero is a considerable feeling in favor of an Australasian Federative Republic, wMch, including Victoria, New South Wales, South Australia, Western Australia, Queensland, anfl JNew Zealand, would possess a population'of about 1,500,600 ; and, on account of its ex tensive area and its rich mines, would at onou take a rospoctablo position among civilised nations. Molbourno would probably bo tho capital of tho now Republic. We -shall, no doubt, livo to seo threo great Anglo-Saxon nations—; the British, the American, aud tho Australaaiau— each pre-eminent in its own part of the world, and all working together har moniously, tooavry out to their legitimate ami nccossary results, thoso principles of 'universal freedom and education, which aro dostinod to break down tho barriers of suHOWtitWJi ami Q$ socm! and political iucguality. ? 