EXTRAORDINARY DISCLOSURES ' BY A GIRL. One , of tho most remarkable instances cf physical endurance on the part of a child which has perhaps ever. heGn disclosed, was brought under the notice of Mr'"Sturt,, at at the City police-court, ou Thursday.' _'A gentleman, named Mr Stanner'Stout, made an application to the magistrates "regarding a little girl, who accompanied, him. He stated that; on the previous evening, howas' attending service at-St. James's church, when the girl entered his pew. During tho prayer the girl knelt down and commenced crying. He asked her what was the mattcr, and she stated she had no home and was without friends. On questioning her fur ther she told himthatshehad been deserted by her father at Daylosford.and that she had afterwards walkedall the way to Melbourne. Mr Stout brought tho matter under the'no tice of the llev. Mr Beecher, and they pro cured a bod for her for the uighfc. He now asked Mr Stm t whether the girl could not' bo sent to the Industrial Schools. Tho girl, who stated that her name was Annie Little, was placed upon a choir to enable Mr Stint; to question her. She appeared a cleanly child, and had an intelligent face. She was dressed in ii red merino frock," and wore a' straw hat. Her hair was done up in n net, but on removing her hat it was seen that the hair had been cut quite close" to the; head, and this she afterwards explained had been done by her father. Mr Sturt carefully questioned her, and a3 her statement was of such an extraordinary character, he seve ral times cautioned her, but she persisted that she was telling the truth, and rigidly adhered to her narrative. She stated that her father had lived near Daylesford before' he deserted her. They occupied atcntmade of stuff like her capo. . (The cape was made of coarse calico.) It took about a day to go from tho tent to Daylesford and back.' Her father made brooms, but when he got any money lie spent it in driuk. Ho one lived near thorn hut a woman named Brownson. Her mother was dead. The mother had died before hor father deiurtod her. One day her. father was drank and he struck horinotlier. on the head -with a stick. Her. mother.told her and her. sister, that if she died , their father had been the cause of it. Her mother, died tho noxt day, and. her .father •,buried herin a box near the tent. - .Dogs, came tp the spot in the night aud she .used to have | to beat them off with a stick) . Her father afterwards tosk'up the box and,buried her mother in another place.' Sh'o did not know where. ■ A long time after this her sister also died;, Her father used to go.to Mrs Brownson and get money, and come home drunk. One day when lie was drunk he cut all her hair'off. After that he left her and she'came to Melbourne. She had been in Melbourne a fortnight, but could not say how long a fortnight was. She followed the wires "(supposed to be tho telegraph wires) until she came to Melbourne, Some people had given her bread and some had given her: mbpey. One woman washed her frock and apron), Since she came to Melbourne she hud slept in tho cemetery.' Mr Sturt; " In the cemetery! why were y >«, not frightened of ghosts ?" Witness: ' I never heard of them things." She continued to say that she had left the cemetery because the men threatened to send her to prison if she came there again. She afterwards slept in " the Exhibition.*' Some one told her it was the Exhibition. She weit in the church to be out of the rain; Since her father left her she had never seen him an4 did not know where he had gone." She ."saw" him ' striko her mother with the. stick!'- (There were lots of trees where they: lived. She.-was certain it was near Dayles-;' ford;., | " . After cross-questioning her for some time an lfailing-to shake her statement: in any respect! Mr Sturt said1 he would'send her to the'Immigrants' Homo for the present,1 wh:re she would be cleaned and cared for, until he had time to receive an answer from .Daylesford. He would pay for any clothes rshe required, and see that sho 'was well I treated! -The girl thanked Mr Sturt, and expressed her willingness to do any work if ;sbo'could; get it- to do. She was afterwards [ent tojthe Home, and will remain there till 'Iho.nohcej'have had time to inquire into the. truth' of her disclosures. ' Extraordinary as it may [appear; she spoke withsuch apparent t'.uth that it is hard to-tliink that one so young 'could have invented the whole affair. I it should -prove true in the main points, ¥ id can' tell hut that another horrible "and hitlierljo hidden crime will b'e brought to light?) Daylcsford is eminently noted for 'similar; mysteries. > 