SONNET. BY IiEiin BroomE. If ARE In that dirge-like pour what angle lies To move me thus? Unwilling thoughts that come, the long-lost ghosts from some forgotten tomb, Tell me what not at spoil had said, Arise I You stay awhile, yo dreams that my young eyes Once loved to rest on linger smiles, and tears Far sweeter : but the shadow of lost years, Mingling with darker clouds, already fallen. So, when a few faint notes of distant song Pass o'er the heart as someone traveller, Uko sounds he once had loved, the echoes there Are straight awakened, that the tones prolong One busy moment : soon 'as heard no more, And the cold heart Is silent as before. THE GREAT UNPAID. The National Debt. A GOMPBTKNOY.-A little more than you have THE BEST REMEDY von A KNOCK OCT.A knock down. WHAT is the companion game to parlour croquet P Cricket on the hearth. THE HEIGHT OF PATIENCE A deaf man waiting to hear the ticking of a sun-dial. ON DITS. It is rumored that the late member for Totnes will be known in future as " ox Pondor." WHY AND BECAUSE. Why is the King of Prussia Uko au oxoroistp-BooauBO he has dis- possessed his neighbors. BENEVOIENCK.-A very benevolent old lady has taken the idea into her head of knitting a pair of hose for a fire-engine. A SAD CASE." An Old Schoolmaster" thinks it very hard that he has to teach little boys to now Latin Primer in his declining years. Poon ThINGs! It seems an impossibility for two Billy lovers ever to agree, seeing that be tween them there can be no understanding. _ LATEST THOM FLORENCE Why is it peculiarly difficult to procure boats on the river Arno P Because they're Arno boats there ! A CHRISTIAN DUTY lazy young dandy of our acquaintance says that he is a model of one's duty to one's neighbor" because he loves both case and shoes. A ONE-POUND NOTE. (Si an Anti right.) Extend the franchise to one-pound voters and then will the elections he made according to the will of the Sovereign people. A MEiiANOnoMf FACT. "When women become too old for running on their feet," says a severe critic, " they most generally make up for it in the running of their tongues." THE TOAST OF THE GLEBE PS-The Press, the Pulpit, and the Pottiooats-tho three ruling powers of the day. The first spreads knowledge, the second spreads morals, and the last spread considerably. At AIBY NOTHING To "A Young Astro- mother" who asks our advice as to the best method of observing the stars, we reply-" Go to Devonshire-, for there you may with advantage study the sidereal system." THE HEAD AND FRONT OF THEIR OFFENDING. -The huge busts that used to decorate the pillars in front of the Sheldonian Theatre, at Oxford, have been removed. It is reported that this is done because they were unsafe, but we understand that the real reason is that the Sons feel that they virtually lost their heads when they rejected Gladstone. Punch. AN AFFAIR OF LETTERS. An ingenious person has discovered that the three most forcible letters in our alphabet are NRG; that the two which contain nothing are MT; that four express great corpulence, O B O T I that two are in a decline, D K j that four indicate ox salted station, LEON and three excite our tears, yet, when pronounced together, are no oossary to a good understanding-L E G. BUSINESS AND PMÍABÜBB.-There lived a hard-working man, who always attended to business before pleasure. is this he was right. One day his wife was taken sick, and the next day she died. The husband kept at his work as usual, and after the funeral he returned to his labors. " How is this ?" asked one of his neighbors. " Can't you stop to morn a little P" " No, sir," was the reply. " Business before pleasure." And the old follow returned to his bondi. PERSEVERANCE. If you wish to do good, do good; if you wish to assist people, assist people. The only way to learn to do a thing is to do it and that imphoB, before you learn to do right you will learn to do wrong you will make blunders, you will have failures ; but persevere, and in the end you will learn your OBBOns, and many other lessons by the way. A MERCENARY PASTOR In a parish not one hundred miles from Hexham shore once resided a pastor whose mercenary proclivities were frequently spoken of by his flock. One day an old farmer called to pay the tithes, and on settlement there appeared a balance of one halfpenny, for which the pastor proposed that they should toss! "Noo, nan," quoth the farmer, " aw never was a gambler, an' and not start too !" TirB smuggling going on at the Canadian frontier is unexampled, one of the many ways in which it is accomplished is thus accounted for by one of the officers selected to prevent smuggling. We copy from the confession of a crony :-" I have not altogether a bad office, though taxes are very high, and everything is very dear for a poor man, and I've six small children, and they've no mother living, and two dollars a day are not much. But, sir," he added, significantly, with a bright look in the corner of his eye, two dollars a day is what I got for preventing smuggling, but that is nothing at all to what I got for not preventing it." THE WAY TO WOMANHOOD SUFFRAGE -The cause of Womanhood Suffrage was ably pleaded by Madame Barbara Bodichon, at the Social Science Congress, and Madame Bodiohon was gallantly followed on the same line by Dr. Mary Walker. It may safely be said that if every man is fit to vote, so is every woman is on conditions. Those of course, are, that if women are to exercise political functions, like men, they must accept all the obligations of the sterner BOX. For instance, the right of voting would give women a voice in the organisation of the army. This ought not to exist apart from liability to be drawn for the Militia, or to become subject to conscription, if that method of recruiting should come to be adopted in this country. The ladies who sigh for the suffrage should lose no time in enrolling themselves in regiments of Amazonian volunteers to signify that whilst they demand the rights, they are ready to accept the duties of citizenship. Punch. QUABEEIMNO-.-If anything in the world will make a man feel badly, except pinching his fingers in the creek of a door, it is unquestionably a quarrel. No man over fails to think less of himself after it than before. It degrades him in the eyes of others, and, what is worse, blunts his sensibilities on the one hand, and increases the power of passionate irritability on the other. The truth is, the more peaceably and quietly we get on, the better for our neighbors. In nine cases out of ten the better course is, if a man cheats you, cease to deal with him; if he is abusive, quit his company; and if he slanders you, take care to live so that nobody will believe him. No matter who he is, or how he misses you, the wisest way s to let him alone; for there is nothing better than this cool, calm, and quiet way of dealing with the wrongs we meet with LET no gentleman ever quarrel with a woman. If you are in trouble with her retreat. . If she abuse you, be silent. If she tear your cloak off, give her your coat. If she box your ears, bow. If she tear your eyes outsider your way to the door-but fly. 