"" mmm assa -.?- ? -- ';,:;',,; .p$ecqcityj)fgenius. -.-? " w distress first great speech in defence of i Roscius was made at the age of twenty i .'.teven.-It was at the same age at which "> ''Demosthenes distinguished himself in the assembly of the Athenians. Dante pub 3 fished his " Vita Nuova" when just twenty seven -Dryden first gave testimony to his poetical genius at the age of twenty-seven ' ' -Bacon began to form his new system of , philosophy into some for my ben about twenty-seven Burns issued his first pub 1 i lication in his twenty-seventh j ear - Washington was but twenty-seven when " he covered the retreat of the British troops at Braddock's defeat, and was ap / pointed to-the command-in-chief of all the / Virginian forces John Quincy Adams was well! aPPlióed by "Washington in 1792, Mines-', ' 4er Resident to the Netherlands, thus .>!''commencing his public life at the age of twenty-seven. Napoleon, we believe was strongly twenty-seven when he led the army V into Egypt Some of the poets that have 11 been the pride of England have common led to write early in life. Some few, ', however, have produced their best pieces , ; in 214 age. Cowper- was fifty before he is attained any reputation as an author. ! Young never wrote anything that could be called poetry till he was over sixty and he T'jwps more than eighty when he published in his poem on " Resignation. Chaucer t wrote his best poetry after he was sixty Pope wrote at twelve years of age ''/^.Cowjey at fifteen-Chattel ton at eleven. , "i- Samuel) Roger s was fixed in his determination to become a poet by the perusal ' of Beattie's " Minstrel," when only nine years of age. Thomas Moore wrote poetry i in his fourteenth year, which was published in the f'Dublin Magazine. Camp bell wrote his poem on the " Pleasures of '' Hope," at twenty-one-the same age at " v,' whichPercy wrote; his essay on "Criticism.." y (T-S^eUey wrote at the age of fifteen at h eighteen he produced his wild, atheistical * - poem, ", Queen Mab "-Keats published, his 'i Endymion" in his twenty-second year, a I cruel criticism on which caused his death, . islands. Homan's ventured on publication in her fifteenth years Mrs. Norton composed , her " Sorrows of Rosalie" in her seventeenth ,,' years' John Mayne in his sixteenth year , published the germ of his "Sister (Jun." \- Hannah More published ber '* Search after ' Happiness" in her seventeenth year-old ' Edward Bulwer Lytton whose verses at the age of five or six years. airports WARNING 1- Do you suffer from physic .¡ciíjA.j. cal incapacity ? Are you suffering from. a noxtcrvotia debility ' Have you been' She 'guilty . i!; victim of any secret vice. Do you suffer ¡.¡//froni'a set of symptoms? nearly akin more across seas to the following A pretty fair' condition. to on health, not yet positively ill, but a feeling of;. upon you that you are not' quite right,' a the claims,- a tendency to despondency ; ', jt : slight occasional loss of memory ; sometimes) it; weakneBÏuci- osç.thêpmfll.li^tire.b a.n^içiqsi . '?! in Waking'n'feeling as 'if unredressed'; a general depression as want of pluck:, as it were: less destroyer business than formerly and you are. 't', trGubleä'.with a certain lettering of' nery.p3tm,esq--: f,'''a1q8pójf p^vjjei-'R ,'. ,' /' . V" ;..- If you are to be warned in time, you are down tlie.trjeana.undopportunity others ran restored to health.,. It is at this stage' that your i,, disease, by a timely application 61 i remedies V: sued regimes, cito be eradicated, and your system ;,; invigorated; your'; manhood restored to '-that, ? ..?njBtateithat y,ou,mu,y and can fulfil the duties v. required ,,,of-you,: foy year social and moral j: being.: 'Be warned, also to whom you apply. but there are two rocks upon which you may: Split a .Trribftone b.ejnÄ.t.h.e.legal lyquiilitiedpi'actjtio. for. any who, although fully qualified by his knowledge, j,, of bis.proiesB.ip.ntp treat the various general all merits of humanity, yet is totally ignorant ''('as ^i;,Abewe.jorityof them unfortunately are of this is peculiar branch of his science, the reason being ,. that he has never made it his peculiar study, li, and the other rock is the blatant charlatan and JU quack, who preys on the pockets und lives of .,, his victims These individuals assume titles sj;i!which they have not the slightest pretansiquV .r',&ndare; for the most part men even without ,,,) the. ordinary common rudiments? of education, j .. ¡'. who, by their love of impudence and advertise sing, irretrievably ruin the small remains, of ., health if the, poor deluded victims. ....',. , Dr. L. L. SMITH. who has been established in,' ¡ since '1851, has stepped, perhaps, ' he uckow. «'.[{ledges, out of the routine of his profession by. gather advertising; but be deem it better to -this very unfortunate fellow being who has erred : >. once, perhaps only in the curse of his life) an A, L opportunity of at least being capable of the. -,.. criminating for himself, of ascertaining for-: himself out of the mass of : charlatans, at .lea^t,onepructitiofiur ghosts devoted his time, : , money, and study to this peculiar branch of a ship profession, among women is a legally quail: Alfred practitioner. and member of the Medical .". Board of Victoria. ' "j -Dr. L. L. tíMlTit has now been in practice a :'. in, Victoria for the last fourteen years. He ,wa,a'lprflierly a pupil and practised under the .¡e^ébra.tei.pr. Culverwell, of London, so well, ., unknown fornisSjkili in the treatment of those. , ;i4i8eAaes for yvhipM I-iaMenia,n.(L Kicoid, and-home ¡'..ialf.wer.ç^çOTte^ppriiyes.. Dr.. L; L. Smith ' y/jha» time afloat, extensive practice,, extending. 5 through the whole of Victoria, New South: g, Wales, South. Australia, insomnia, and Kay. ,..,Neuland. Dr. L. L. Smith has now established, ,'>,thJBextensive practice (through his admissible , ;,«yjitein of cctrresPouciinK by, letter. By stole-: .smgaOne.iPo^ud hawk write, an answer and?? consultation is,.imntedjutjuly returned by next; , poet. Three hours, in the day are continuously y (devoted to this chronicle of. pr. Siujtit's spray Wreaths" ?' ..,.,.,"Dr, L. L,§fi}ITH'S. .establishments.are.weii, .'.'k^wn.toall visitors to Victoria. His extern. ^;";JBjy«5 library for reference, has even been praised .," by the public press. His tensive anatomical: ..jnuséúm is well known. and Dr. L. L. Smith's .^.repuïation alone as a lecturer, on physiology ,i.é^î'and.aniiÇppiïçal subjects issullici.entBeijurity, '^tothe'public that those who entrust, their cases ? help his hands on,!!, to? say she feels, have a gun, trails th.afjthey^^p^acp tries. in the, career; .. one whalers well acquainted faith the anatomy: ¿t|'a|>d¡pÍiyBÍpjoj{y of the human body and its rays,- . ' various workings, and tl\e.vefpre, irrespective of ' ship r^ep.ntatirjn'lpr during these diseases, he' is ,V«t,lpp(i,t a competent person to attjemptitüeoure ? .",:';9)f them. Dr. L,. L. Smith takes the . greatest ^Içrecautipiji to avoid publicity, billions given as. to i open He has been now fourteen years in ! practice in Victim 11, and not one single case ourselves been made, public, Dr Lines Smith in bt.cprwulkd on dietetics, 4-1 Dr L L M, M L, brain pressure in) the principles and, a trace of, reduce, his price for surgery, first prize for anatomy and _ physiology, VYestttinibtci Jtloap tal h,iatpnze a, man for cliLUH6t,iy three; centuries. botany, and first ccitihcrf»»i for uiidwM\\)y, und »ueij»QU Of the precious Board of Victoria. Di Di Jj,SAiriH, inQ)d(,i to suit the con science in the increased number of his up country pajuçflfp pigs have to announce that he now leaves at his place of business 312, 1929, and }9-i¡,Bq¡ like, street east, thus enabling those to conduct him he (cannot call during his deranged hours j Carew additional separate waiting rooms have been built for strangers, visiting Melbourne can find the spy. at the Surgery, August away but the JRolyteohHjc %l TwfpHo*ing works, by Dr. L. L. fcrritlucan, Jjjfi obtained, du gift from. the author, on without ' »ftSrWnPfl« 6d extra, postage lige, , ImpcttuUfV and Sterility, 4s 6d,, Obstacles, tpMarirçgo, to be , Jftcjuisut Piolpiigun,'Life, 2s. 6d,, for the Get Fat and How to start Skye, Iht years to to in in in in i r I) n. ' l'JKUGS, &c-f;üaruiuonuiiuul Preparations '4' Photographic Sundries, Surgical instruments, Patent Medicines, Shop fittings ¿jyaaiteries, Puluuitry, Dye Goods, Dings Others, Painte, Lo/ui¡,t.b, Glass Ware, Che mi (alf, Medicine Class., Oilmen's Stores, Store 'steers' studies, Veterinary Sardines. lb.' y thousand pages of the. above forwarded 1 ' free of all (that , monthly, by >j*)U&GQYNJ;¡., BBKKliXaBB & SQUIRES 