PARLIAMENT. ?:i__GÍSI__TIVÉ ASSEMBLY. "at . THURSDAY, AUGUST 1. She SPEAKER took the chair at half-past four, o'clock. , ,. ' , '«,j(v ,-;>. , i , PETITION. Mr. SNOWBALL presented a petition from the Presbyterian congregation of South Yarra, in opposition to the granting of beer licences. ' . . - THE PUBLIC-HOUSE LAWS AMENDMENT BILL. Mr JONES, without notice, called the attention of the Chief Secretary to the desirability of passing the above bill during the present session, and of giving time to the promoters of the bill to pass it through all its stages without delay. Unless speedy action were taken in regard to this, bill, there could be no, amendment of the public-houses law for eighteen months. Mr.'M'CULLOCHsaid he was anxious that the bill should be passed this session. The Estimates, he trusted, would be disposed of in a night or two, and then the Government \- would give up a night to this bill, which he hoped would then be disposed of. THE SANDS COMMITTEE. -. Mn' JONES wished to know whether the Government would afford time on Tuesday evening to deal with the report of the Sands Committee? As Mr. Sands was again a candidate for a seat in the Assembly, it was important that the matter should be dealt with at once. Mr. M'CULLOCH replied that it would be unwise to make any promise. Precedence on Tuesday had already been promised to other matters, but the report would no doubt soon be dealt with. NOTICES OF MOTION. Mr. SNODGRASS gave notice that, on Tuesday, he would move that the names of Messrs. Heath and Reeves be added to the Refreshment-rooms Committee. Mr. JONES notified his intention of moving on Tuesday, that the Payment of Mern \- bers Bill be now committed. APPROPRIATION ACT, NO. 295, EXPLANATION BILL. . On the order of the day for the consideration of the report on this measure, Mr M'KEAN submitted that the report should not be adopted, and proceeded to complain that the bill proposed to give Mrs. Heales control of all the money for 15 years. in the \- course of his remarks he was several times interrupted by Mr. M'Lellan, with cries of "Shame, shame.") Mr M'KEAN retorted that he was at all events not drunk, Mr. M'LELLAN wished to know if that expression was applied to him. Mr. M'KEAN repeated that he addressed the House in a sober way, while other members did not always do so. Mr. M'LELLAN rose to order. Mr. M'KEAN would then say that he was not addressing the House under the influence of liquor. If hon. members interrupted him be would retort as severely as he could within the rules of the House. Mr. M'LELLAN insisted on knowing whether the epithet had been applied to him. The SPEAKER requested that hon. members would neither indulge in remarks of this kind nor interrupt; each other. Mr. M'KEAN further stated, with reference to the question before the House, that the bill in equity was filed by all the children, and that the proceedings were not attributable to the action of the eldest son alone. Mt.' IRELAND denied that the bill would enable Miss Heales to control the money absolutely for fifteen years. She could only apply the interest, and merely had control of the money in respect of the amount to be given. each child. What was more natural than' that the mother of a number of children, whose ages varied from four years to twenty four; should be entrusted with the control of money intended for their benefit. The object of the bill was simply to give effect to the intention of the Legislature. If the money were paid over to each of the children as they came of age, the younger children would be left almost without the means either of maintenance or education. He believed it was the intention of Parliament to give the money to the family in the ordinary accepta- tion of that term and the sole object of this bill was to declare the original intention which Parliament entertained. Mr. MACGREGOR observed that it had been stated by the hon. member for Maryborough that all the children had concurred in telling proceedings against Mrs. Heales. Such was not the case. There were seven children altogether, and of these only two had been parties to the proceedings. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM put it to the hon. member for Maryborough, whether it did not appear to be the intention of Parliament to provide for those members of the family who were least able to provide for themselves The Legislature did not vote this amount for those who were, but for those who were not, able to provide for themselves and he thought, therefore, that it was right that the guardian of the children should have the means of providing for their maintenance and education till they all came of age. The order of the day for the consideration of the report was then discharged, and the bill "recommitted. Some verbal further amendments having been made on the bill, the Chairman was ordered to report it to the House, and the House resumed. PUBLIC HEALTH LAWS AMENDMENT BILL. The message of His Excellency recommending certain amendments on this bill having been taken into consideration, Mr. HIGINBOTHAM explained that the first amendment was proposed in accordance with the understanding made between the committees of the two Houses on this bill, to enable an agent who was made liable to the local board of health for the construction of certain works and the removal of certain nuisances to enter upon the premises and effect the improvements for which he was liable, (Hear, hear.) The object of the second amcndniuiitwas, to make it more clear that the local boards of health had power to make bye-laws relative to all the purposes named in the act. It had been pointed out that the manner in which this power was given was not sufficiently plain, and that, doubts might arise upon it. The last amendment was, for the purpose of introducing into the 48th clause the word "sewers" after the word " drains." The two words had different meanings, and it was desirable to include sewers as well as drains. Mr. MACMAHON asked if there was any truth in a rumour which had been circulated, that the effect of the amendment which had been passed with reference to the purifica- tion of running streams would be to repeal by implication the existing law for the non pollution of the Yarra? Mr. HIGINBOTHAM had never heard of the rumour referred to, and had no idea that the amendment would have such an effect as was indicated. His impression was, that the Yarra clauses related to manufactories, and their repeal was an effect neither anticipated nor desired by him. Mr.' MACMAHON asked who there, in the event of being satisfied that such was the effect, the hon. and learned member would bring down a message from the Governor to prevent that result. Mr. HIGINBOTHAMcortainly thought that these Yarra clauses ought not to be repealed by implication, and it the amendment had that effect he should feel it to be his duty to correct it. (Hear, hear.) The amendments recommended by His Excellency were agreed to, and a message ordered to be sent to the Legislative Council, requesting their concurrence therewith. PARNABY LAWS AMENDMENT HILL. The message of His Excellency recommending an amendment on this bill was then taken into consideration. Mr HIGINBOTHAM explained that the object of the amendment was simply to post since' the, coming into operation of the act from 1st of June a date which had now ox pircd-r-Ull the 1st of September. The amendment was agreed to. THE RECALL OF' SIR CHARLES DARLING. The message of the Legislative Council requesting to be furnished with a copy of the report, of the committee of the Legislative Assembly appointed in lSGIi to inquire into the circumstances attending the recoil of Sir C. Darling, was taken into consideration. Mr. M'CULLOCH moved that a copy of the report referred to be furnished to the Council. The motion was agreed to. SUPPLY. THE DARLING DESPATCHES. From the motion to go into supply, Mr. LANGTON asked the Chief Secretary whether, in addition to copies of the despatches for which he had moved, he would also furnish copies of any communications that, might have passed between Sir C. Darling and the Secretary of State for the Colonies in regard to his claim, and copy of which had been furnished to this Government ' ~~~, "", Mr. M'CULLOCH said there were no copies furnished to the Government, except that given by His Excellency the Governor ; an the hon. member had asked for all the dt speeches and papers connected with this sad feet not already on the table of the House The Government had received nothing direct from the Imperial Government : all the papers had been furnished to His Excellency. i ' SUPPLY. The House then went into Committee of Supply, and proceeded to consider the remainder of the Supplementary Estimates. On a vote of £2,033 for the department of the Minister of Justice (which included £1,73 for police magistrates), ' Mr. KERFERD asked how many of the police magistrates were to be removed ? Mr. BINDON said it was originally in tended to reduce the number of police magi trates by six, but it was now thought bette only to take away three. Mr. SNODGRASS asked on what principle the magistrates to be reduced were to b selected ? Mr. BINDON said the Government has determined to retain the services of the most efficient officers, and dispense with the others (A laugh.) Mr. MACMAHON asked how the efficiency of the magistrates was to be tested? He presumed if a magistrate performed his duty to the satisfaction of the Government, and of those with whom he was connected, he was an efficient magistrate. What was to both test of efficiency ? It would be better to name, the magistrates to be removed at once, and be done with it. Mr. M'CULLOCH said the Government hat to decide who were the most inefficient ma given ates, and they had dealt with them accordingly. Notice had been given to six. Mr. BINDON stated that the names of those magistrates were-Mr. Barnard, Mr Willoughby, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Tyers, Captain Carey, and Mr. Crespigny. Mr. Barnard hat reade a written statement, to the effect that he was unable to attend to his duties, in consequence of the state of his health and Mr Willoughby had also stated that he could no continue to perform his duties unless he go twelve months' leave of absence. The moment he got notice, however, his health improved wonderfully and the same remark was applicable to another gentleman, when nothing could satisfy previously but a year' trip to Europe. Mr. G. P. SMITH said that from his own knowledge he could state that Mr. Willoughby was at the time mentioned very seriously ill so ill that he was not expected to recover Mr. BINDON believed that the state of Mr Willoughby's health was correctly described at the time, and that he was not so strong now as he believed himself to be. In fact his health was such that he was not able to per- form his duties. After some remarks from Mr. LEVEY, Mr. M'KEAN and Mr. EMBLING, Mr. LANGTON asked how it was proposed to deal with the magistrates who had been removed ? Mr. BINDON stated, in reply, that Mr. Tyers had been superceded because of his ago, and he was entitled to half-pay. In reference to Mr. Barnard, who had retired in consequence of ill-health, a board had been appointed to decide as to whether he was entitled to anything beyond the usual allowance of one month's pay for every year's service The board had reported ( favourably, and the matter was now under consideration. The case of the third gentleman had not yet been decided upon. The vote was then agreed to together with the following a £1,775 for defences compris- ing £275 for part of a year's salary to the teacher at the National Gymnasium, and £1,500 for the expenses of the volunteer encampment and £103 for screw and moorings for H.M.S. Victoria. On the vote of £3,600 for the military, Mr. MACMAHON asked if it was not the case that General Carey, the Officer Adminis- tering the Government previous to the inhales the present Governor, had had to refund a portion of the salary he had received, although the amount had been actually expended by him during his tenure of office? Mr. VERDON said the fact was as had been stated by the hon, member. General Carey, when he assumed the government of the colony, show the full amount of the salary paid to Governors. Upon the arrival of the new Governor it was ascertained that, according to the Imperial regulations, he was entitled to a certain portion of the salary from the date of his embarkation, and in accordance with that regulation His Excellency desired that the amount due to him under the regulations should be paid. The matter was referred to the Secretary of State, and an order was made for the return of a sum of £700 or 100, an amount which General Carey actually expended while Governor of the colony, and which would be a loss to him. He did not know whether the hon. member proposed to do anything; but it was quite certain that, while the Governor was entitled under the regulations to the money which had been paid to him, General Carey was also entitled to the salary' which he had received, and he did not believe that it was known at the Home Office that General Carey had actually expended the money during his term of office. Mr!. MACMAHON thought that, consider- ing the short tenure of office enjoyed by General Carey and the fact that the money he received was all expended during that time, the Government ought to take the case into consideration. After some remarks from Mr. SNODGRASS, the vote was agreed to as were also the fol- to ing t £3,00 for charitable institutions, including £300 (maintenance), and £2,000 (building) for the Asylum and School for the Blind at Melbourne ; £25 to Mr. Robert Wallace, sheriff at Ballarat, the value of property belonging to him used and destroyed in screeching a fire in the camp; and £54 to reimburse Mr. J. H. Alley, police magistrate,' the cost of conveyance of furniture, Sat., from Jamieson to Wood's Point, on being transferred On the item £060 4s. 11d., amount due to the estate of George St. Arnaud, deceased, being a sum equivalent to the total value of property misappropriated by Dr. Roche, late coroner of the Sandhurst district, Mr. VERDON explained, in answer to questions, that Dr. Roche received certain sums of money belonging to this estate which he did not account for. The reason the Government now undertook to reimburse it to the representatives of the estate was, because he received it in his official capacity, either as coroner or agent for the curator of intestate estates. Mr. EMBLING thought if he received it as agent for the curator the Government were not responsible Mr. BUNNY urged that steps should be taken to recover the amount either from Dr. Roche of the late curator, who was highly remunerated for his care in looking after these estates, and who he understood gave security to the Government to the amount of £4,000. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM stated that the occurrence took place some years ago. After Mr. St. Arnaud died Dr. Roche took possession of his property, either as colonel or agent for the curator. The subject was brought under the notice of the Government by despatches from the Governor-General of Canada, communicated through the Colonial Office, Mr. St. Arnaud's relatives being resident in Canada. The Government had no means of taking steps against Dr. Roche-that could only be done by the representatives of the deceased-and he believed it was thought wholly useless to attempt to recover any portion of the money misappropriated. Dr. Roche was dismissed ; but the Government Mr. Wood being then Minister of Justice did not consider that the colony was responsible for the money. Since that decision was arrived at another communication had been received from the Governor-General of Canada, mentioning a fact which was not made known' before-that Dr. Roche, received the money either as coroner or agent for the curator and it was shown that some time between the years 1853 and 1861 Dr. Roche did act as agent for the curator. Under those circumstances, and because a claim from a foreign country ought to receive greater attention than a local liability, the Government recommended that the money should be paid. After some remarks from Mr. MACMAIKW, Mr. SULLIVAN, and Mr. BUNNY, MI'. MOORE asked if a similar claim could occur again, or whether the Government now' took security from the agents of the curator? Mr. VERDON said that a correspondence had taken place on this subject between the Treasury and the Law departments, in which he argued that the security should be exacted. The reply was, that the business in some districts was so small that the agents would I not go to the expense of providing the seen a city. He was, however, still of opinion that the agents ought to give security, of the curt tor should be held directly '«spórisibl.e'ro them. a" ," The vote was then agreed to as were £16 compensation to It. and A. Scott, for removal of boundary fence at Buninyong 520 painting lattice girder over bridge at Yarra Bend Asylum; £16 14s. 6d. to John Scott , amount of which he was robbed by one Louis ''Godenfci ; £80 13s. 11d., half salary to R. C Miller, bailiff, at Castlemaine, on six months leave of absence. >" On the item of £750 for the widow and family of the late member for Maldon the committee divided : Ayes., 23 Noes. ... , ... 12 I < Majority in favour of the vote _ 11 The following is the division-list :- - AYES. 1 '" Mr. Aspinall Mr. Grant -j.'niohardson \- Bindon - Heath -j'Sinltli, GTV. \- Burrowes -Higinbotham -Smith, J. T. \- Burt ' - Jones -'? Sullivan \- Byrne - Longmore -- Vale \- Copo - Macgregor - Verdon \- Farrell - M'Culloch -' Whiteman \- Foot - Molan aGES. | , > .. Mr. Bayles Mr. Henty Mr. Levi , \- Blackwood - Kerferd - MacMahon \- -Embling ! - Langton - Moore ' \- Hanna -'Levey -Snowball. A sum of £41 13s. 4d. was voted as compensation to Dr. Benjafield on his retiring from office, the amount being equal to two months' salary. On the vote of £1,000, compensation to Henry Fowler for loss of health occasioned by a wound received while assisting in the capture of a gang of bushrangers, Mr. LONGMORE remarked, that there had not been a gang of bushrangers in Victoria for twenty years, and he should like to hear some explanation of this vote. Mr. VERDON said the encounter took place a long time ago. Sir. Fowler had been for some years in the Government service, but he had recently been obliged by the state of his health to relinquish his position as receiver and paymaster in the Treasury. Mr. LEVEY thought that Mr. John Ewart, who had performed similar services for the colony, was also entitled to some remunera- tion. ' i Mr. MACMAHON considered £1,000 small sum to vote under the circumstances. Mr. SNODGRASS explained that Mr. Fowler received his wound as far back, as the year 1842\. In an encounter with bushrangers, in which he displayed extraordinary coolness and courage, he received a bullet in his head. He was confined to bed for eighteen months, and had suffered from the wound ever since. The result of his gallant behaviour was the capture of the bushrangers, who suffered the extreme penalty of the law. Mr COPE said if the circumstances occurred as far back as the-year 1842, the claim ought to have been made on the New South Wales Government. If the Victorian Government, recognised such claims, they would have Batman's ghost demanding compensation for the removal of the hill at the top of Spencer- street. ' He should vote against the item. in ~ Mr. M'CAW intimated that he should oppose the vote, unless it were made to include a sum to compensate Mr. Ewart also Mr. JONES observed that one of the distinguishing features of this colony had been the marked vigour of the population in deal- ing with the lawless section;, of the community. The colony had been Mr. Fowler's debtor during the whole of the past twenty five years, and he was fully entitled to the sum it was proposed to vote him. In reply to Mr. BURTT, ' ' '" ," ' ' Mr. VERDON said Mr. Fowler had been in receipt of a salary from the Government of about £400 a year from 1857' -Uti! within the last eighteen months. I t Mr. BURTT thought the Government appointment was quite sufficient, compensation for Mr. Fowler. ' Mr. EMBLING considered that the service Mr. Fowler performed entitled him to a pen tion for life. . <-?!' *> The vote was passed, on a division, by a majority of thirty-one votes 'against six. A vote of £550 to the/ widow of the late Samuel E. Freeman, superintendent of police, in addition to £450 in 1863, disagreed to. On a vote of £1,000 to the widow of the late W. A. JP. Dana, superintendent of police, Mr. KEITH said he was; opposed to all votes of this character. The members of the Government service ought to provide' for their own families and He believed that by passing votes of this character they were simply holding out an inducement to these gentlemen to be as extravagant as possible. He wished to know whether the Chief Secretary had inquired into certain circumstances which he (fAir. Heath) had brought under his notice a Mr. M'CULLOCH said he had made inquiry into the statements submitted to him by the hon. member, and as far as he could ascertain there was no foundation for them. Mr. Dana had been in the service since 1843, and no vote had ever been more justly earned than this ? Mr. ASPINALL bore testimony to the activity, the intelligence, and capacity with which the late Mr. Dana had discharged his duties. The vote was then agreed tons The following votes were then agreed to Gratuity to the widow of the late Martin Bowen, turnkey at the Geelong Gaol, £136 17s. 6d. ; gratuity to the widow of the late Mr. Joseph Snowden, leader to the Government printing- office,-'£250; compensation to the widow of the late Morgan li was, for the loss of her husband through injuries received whilst acting as attendant at the Lunatic Asylum, £120. On the proposal to vote £200 for a Queen's Plate, to be run in for on the Melbourne course, under the auspices of the Victoria Racing Club, ' - The committee divided-] '. Ayes.' h 32 , Noes.i\>0.., 11 Majority ... in' '...'. ... 21 The vote was then agreed to THE VOTE TO LADY DARLING. The next vote proposed was a grant of £20,000 to Lady Dalling, in accordance with the resolution of the Legislative Assembly, adopted on the 6th May, 1866. Mr. MACMAHON asked the Chief Secre- tary when the despatches which he had promised would be laid on the table ? Mr. M'CULLOCH stated that he had asked the private secretary of the Governor when the despatches would he, ready, and he was informed that they could not be laid on the table before e Tuesday. Mr. MACMAHON said they were scarcely in a position to discuss this vote to- night. Some correspondence had taken place between Sir C. Darling and the Colonial Office, which might throw light on the position which that gentleman occupied at the present moment. Mr. VERDON said it was impossible to pi cost of the despatches to-day, and if hon, members considered them absolutely essential he did not know that it would be the duty of the Government to force on the vote. (Cni'Sof "Goon.") , Mr. BYRNE observed that all the despatches had been published in The Argus, and thcH'foio hon. members could be at no loss. ("Go on.") Mr. JONES said the house and the country were pledged to give this vote of £20,000. As there was a, full House, to-night, they were quite in a position to discuss it. Mr. IRELAND.-Mr. Lalor Before the question is put I feel it to be my painful duty to make some observations on the vote which the House has under consideration. I desire to avoid all personal antagonism to Sir Charles Dalling, and much more towards Lady Darling, to whom it it proposed that this money should be given.. J desire to base my objection to the , proposed vote upon constitutional' rather than upon personal grounds and I think it is desirable that in this discussion we should as far as possible avoid raking up bygones The country was for months in a state of turmoil and commotion in regard to topics which we may now be permitted to forget if possible 9 and certainly the revival of the angry personal discussions which took place on a former occasion would be most unpleasant. I wish to abstain from introducing' anything like personal discussion into this matter. (Hear, hear.) Now, when we come to look at the constitution of this country, and. observe that it embraces a Governor; who is appointed to represent Her Majesty the Queen, who acts, under instructions given to him by the Imperial Government, and who is supposed to be an arbiter I administering the constitution of the country I (2 Sjp^tyéen different "political parties, it is jmoaLdcBírable that a functionary of thallium should be placed beyond all suspicion. (Hear, i hear.)-, I consider that a more pernicious example could not be introduced into this country and I speak from no factious motives than that a party, who happen to be done I nant-fwho happen to have a numerical majority for the time being should be em i powered to remunerate a Governor for viola , ting the law and constitution, and departing from the instructions given by his employers. (Opposition cheers.) I say that in the interest of all parties. I am not now speaking from an Opposition point of view. If we are to maintain the balance of the constitution which has been conferred upon us, we must not look only at the Legislative Council and the Legislative Assembly, but we must have special regard to that third element which enters into our constitution, and which if we disregard it is impossible to main , tain the balance of our constitution. (Hear, hear.) Having premised that, I trust that I will not be understood or rather misunderstood-as desiring to with- hold anything, consistently with my public duty, that would tell in favour of the party to whom this vote is proposed. I have been looking at the various despatches on this subject and I cannot forget that this gentleman persisted in a course of action in this country which called down upon him the condemnation of his employers that Mr. Cardwell, the Secretary of State for the Colonies, who was acting on the opinion of the law advisers of the Crown in England, stated that he had been guilty of illegally levying customs, of illegally borrowing money, and of illegally paying salaries. Had it stopped there he might not have been removed from his high office ; but he followed up that conduct by a despatch in which he showed himself, according to Mr. Cardwell, so wholly unfit to conduct the affairs of this country, that it became Mr. Card well's painful duty to advise Her Majesty to remove him. Now, Sir, upon these points I don't think there should be any controversy, unless we are prepared to say that all the opinions expressed by the most eminent authorities in England are unfounded. There is no doubt that Sir Charles Darling enjoyed a large amount of popularity, and was supported by the majority of the people of the colony. But it is not merely the opinion of the majority that we are to respect. Any party may be in the majority any day. What we are to respect is the Constitution, and I say that Sir Charles Darling has been convicted of mal-administration of that Constitution in such a manner as justified his recall. That being the case, I want to know why it is that this vote should be brought forward at the present time. can of course understand the feelings of hon. members sitting opposite, who tendered him their advice. I don't mean to say that they did not think they were tendering him legal and constitutional advice ; but I can well understand that, having tendered that advice they feel themselves bound as men of honour to make an attempt at least to obtain this provision for him and for his family. I can understand that feeling, I say, but I must claim for myself that I was one of those who took a very active part on the other side, and one of the twenty-two members of the Execu- the Council who signed the memorial to Her Majesty requesting Sir Charles Darling's removal. Both sides now find themselves in a very embarrassing position from the course previously taken. I wish to discuss this matter entirely on public grounds. Sir Charles Darling distinctly stated that it was his intention to bring his case before her Majesty, and to have it fully investigated. (Hear, hear.) I am not aware that there is any evidence to show that he has ever adopted any such course. I am not aware that his case has been inquired into. I am not' aware that he has been able to find, or if he has attempted to find any gentleman in the House of Commons to take up his case. There have been changes of Government in England, but he has not been able to find any Government or any member of the House of Commons, sitting on either side, to come forward and support his case. With regard to his petition, I can find no evidence that he has presented it at all. I find, however, that Mr. Cardwell, in his despatch of the 21st June, 1866, says : "I cannot, however, avoid expressing my entire dissent from that portion of your despatch in which you speak of the concurrence of the Council in bills of supply and appropriation as merely formal in its nature, of the alleged disregard of their legislative rights as insignificant, and of their complaints as frivolous and enemy refuted." That is a svwepiii'i denunciation of what I may say, embodies tho whole of his conduct, because ever thing with which he was charged arose from his misapprehension of the relations between the Council and the Assembly with regard to these money bills. Then he goes on to state, in justification of himself, what was the object he had in view in the extraordinary course he took, and it is this "Recent experience will enable the people of this colony to judge whether a lengthened suspension of the public payments, which there was the strongest ground for apprehending so long as the Council and Assembly remained entrenched, as it were, behind the resolutions those Houses had last year respectively adopted, did or did not constitute an emergency well nigh overwhelming, and whether I did not describe such an emergency with simple truth when, in addressing the Secretary of State, I characterised it as one than which none greater could probably arise in the course of colonial administration, excepting only a rebellion with force of arms." ne is endeavouring there to justify himself, and is describing the state of things which took place at that time; but, as I understand, we are now to have a revival of this dead-lock unless the other branch of the Legislature is prepared, without a single circumstance to justify them, to rescind the resolution they then arrived at. Now, consider- ing his previous career, I should have expected something more chivalrous from Sir Charles Darling than endeavouring to bring about another crisis of the kind which he himself described as being just short of rebellion with force of arms. Looking over the correspondence, I find that there is an ambiguity in the despatch from Lord Carnarvon, which can alone form the basis upon which this vote can be defended. In his despatch of December 8, 1869, in reply to the address of the Legislative Assembly praying Her Majesty to J sanction the acceptance by Lady Darling of- a sum of £20,000, he says that "The address has been laid before the Queen, who was pleased to receive it very graciously, but I am unable to advise Her Majesty to accede to the request which it conveys. The rule that a Governor should not receive pecuniary or valuable presents from the inhabitants of the colony over which he presides, either during the continuance of his office or on leaving it, is expressly laid down in the colonial regulations, and, for obvious reasons, it has always been rigidly enforced. It is, under these evil dunstan ces, impossible that Her Majesty should be advised to sanction the literal or substantial violation of the rule by any of his servants ; or, on the other hand, that the acceptance of the proposed gift should be regarded otherwise than as a final Berlin quishment by Sir Charles Darling of that service, and of all the emoluments or expectations attaching to it." Now, it has been put in this. way, that the British Government would only disapprove of the giant if Sir Charles Darling desired to continue his connexion with the Colonial Office. I submit that the despatch is not open to any such interpretation, and it would be impossible to imagine for one instant, after the course pursued by the Imperial Government, ininniinou.Oysuppoited by both sides of the Hoiifcp'of Coinmuiib, a decision which remains unshaken to this hour, that this alternative was ever intended to be presented to this Assembly. It was understood that if Sir Charles Dalling accepted the money which Uni Legislative Assembly voted he should be considered to have "cut the painter" altogether from the British Government; and so far from this being an alternative, it was a penalty which was imposed. Looking at the matter from this point of view, I cannot understand how this message came from the present Governor to the Legislative Assembly without some further instructions from the British Go, eminent. We are now asked to vote this money in the face of the decision of the home Government who recalled him-for what? Insubordination, which lost him his high office. (Hear, hear.) For this we are to rush before the Council, and present ting an act of this description, so that they will be under the necessity, of either passing this vote or rejecting the supplies of the year. No doubt this grant of £20,000 is a pecuniary item, and looked at simply as a pecuniary ' item it may legitimately go into the 'Aupro a , , of the i. 'i . . "priation Act ; but it represents besides an important? constitutional question. (Cheer fron the Opposition. and counter cheers from the Government benches.) The question is not whether this House is to vote £20,000 but whether the House is to do so without the consent of the other House," and in this man nor to recognise the course of conduct on the part of a gentleman who has been dismissed from the public service. Is it right that the Council, should be placed in the position of being told, " If you do not choose to pass the vote of £20,000 you will stop the supplies ?" '. feel certain that they will not consent to anything of the kind, and the same state of things will be brought about which existed before. It may be said that if the grant were put in a separate bill it would be a mere farce that it would be thrown out; but what does this amount to? amounts to saying to the Council, "If you had the opportunity of discussing this separately and independently, we know then would not be the slightest chance of it passing, and therefore we tack it." Opposition cheers.) With regard to bills of this description, there is abundant authority to show that a measure which contemplates the granting of a gratuity should be introduce by a separate bill. I refer to the precedent of the House of Commons, as repartee in the third volume of Halsel, page 203 A note on the subject says: Excep tions from the general and ordinary practice of inserting all grants of supply into the general clause or clauses of appropria- tion Of thirty-seven grants of supply carried into effect by separate bills, with or without including them in the General Appropriation Act, from the 1st William and Mary to 48th Geo. III. (1988 to 1808), 120 years, twenty-one are included in the Appropriation Act, and also provided for by separate bills ; sixteen are not included in the Appropriation Act, but provided for by separate bills." From this it would appear that a gratuity of this description, according to the constitutional practice of the Parliament at home, ought to form the subject - of a separate bill. as it is intended on the part of the Government that the Council should express an opinion upon the matter, it should be submitted in a separate bill ; but, of course, if they are determined to carry it vi et armis, they are pursuing the proper course. I have put forward my views on public and constitutional grounds, and have avoided personal references. I trust, therefore, that the debate will be conducted in a proper spirit, and that no factious opposition I shall be thrown in the way by the minority of the Assembly who disapprove of the vote, but that they will allow the question to go to the other Chamber as soon as possible. In conclusion, I will say that I have no personal feeling in the matter at all, and that if I followed my own personal instincts I should be disposed to support this vote. My objection is that we are asked to commit ourselves to an unconstitutional course, which will establish a precedent that will render constitutional government in this country a mockery ; because it comes to this - that at some future time a Governor may be found who, having this precedent in view, may be inclined to calculate the matter as one of simple profit and loss, and say to the Government of the day, "now much will you give me for losing my office ?" I may say, in reference to this point, that it was stated in the journal which is supposed to be the organ of the Government that this vote was proposed distinctly as a snub to the Imperial Government, and that the bringing down of the vote was a recognition on the part of the colony of Sir Charles Darling's conduct. If we are simply told that this gentleman did at the time what he believed to be expedient, and that his conduct was approved of by the majority of the people, I do not object to the proposition ; but I shall resist, the recognition of a doctrine which I believe to be destructive of the institutions under which we live. (Cheers.) Mr. HIGINBOTHAM.-I am sorry, Sir, that the hon, and learned member did not follow his instincts on this occasion. I believe that if he had done so he would have followed a wiser, better, and more generous course than the course which he has followed. , I expected, until within the last few days, that this vote would in all probability have been passed in silence in this House. The' House will remember that it is hardly a year ago since we addressed a petition to Her Majesty the Queen, asking her leave to make this gift of money to Lady Darling, and now, at length, the only obstacle interposed in the way of the fulfilment of that promise has been removed, and the Queen's representative has sent down a message to this House inviting the Legislative Assembly to give effect to its pledge. (Cheers.) I believe, Sir, that in that short statement I have said enough to render it little more than an insult to the House to attempt to contend that it is obligatory on the honour of this House and the honour of this country that the pledge of the Assembly should be carried into effect. (Cheers.) The hon. and learned gentleman has said that in his opinion this amount should be put in a separate bill and considering the great importance of the question, the importance attached to it by hon. members, and the importance which the question no doubt possesses in the eyes of the country, I. think it is right in the first instance that I, should endeavour to show that it is not the duty of this House as stated by the hon. and learned member, to choose the form of a private bill in which to present a vote of this kind to the House. The hon. member has referred to an authority on this subject, but I think if he had continued to read the passage to which he referred, certainly if he had looked into authorities-he would have found that the practice of making grants of public money by means of the Appropriation Act, is as common, to say the least, as that of making grants by private measures. It is clearly established that it is in the power of this House to adopt the one form or the other, according as it thinks fit. I will admit at once that there are, I was going to say innumerable, cases in which grants of public, money have been contained in separate bills. That practice seems to have been adopted generally where grants were made for the construction of public works, or where the giant being made, certain conditions were attached to it which i em allied to be fulfilled ; or when the grant was intended to extend overanumbcrofyears as an annuity, and was, therefore, made the subject of a separate bill, rather than bring down the grants in different years. But I deny that the hon, and learned member can show any authority for stating that a separate bill is the only form in which a grant of this kind is submitted. Why there are numbers of cases in the records of the House of Commons in England, in which grants of public money have been made to public men, and private persons aLsp, in respect Ko pecuniary claims by means of the Appropriation Act, and that too although great difference of opinion existed on the subject of the grant, not merely in the House of Commons, but in the country and in the House of Lords, to whom the Appropriation Bill was sent. There is the case of Lord Chatham. In the year 1773 a bill was brought in to give certain advantages to the successors to the title of Lord Chatham. That bill formed the subject of a discussion in the House of Commons, and when it went to the House of Lords it was strenuously resisted, and not only was it resisted, but a protest was entered on the books of the House of Lords against the grant, and this protest was signed by no less distinguished a person than the Lord Chancellor, and by one of the bishops, the Archbishop of York, * Mr. IRELAND.-Tho grant was not in favour of a person who had been dismissed by his Sovereign. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM.-The hon. member may rest assured that I will not sit down without referring to that branch of the case. Tam now, however, endeavouring to satisfy the House that it is adopting a constitutional course in adopting this particular form of making a pecuniary grant. This was the protest entered on the books of the House of Lords on the occasion of that' bill being passed : ' "We cannot agree to such an unwarrant- able lavishing away of the public money at a time when the nation groans under a heavy load, of debts, and is engaged in a dangerous and expensive war. 2. Because we fear that this act may in after times be made use of as a precedent for factious purposes, and to the enriching of private families at the public expend." . . ' '! v That bill was passed immediately^lotwith standing that protest, and immediately afterwards, in the same session, ? tv message was sent down for the appropriation of a sum of money, amounting to £20,000, for the payment of Lord Chatham's debts, and that bill was sent up and passed in the general Appro ~priatibri~Äct"of the"yéar.~ So little did the House of Commons regard the protest or the views of those who were opposed to the grant, that without consulting anyone, the passed the vote of £20,000, and put it into the annual Appropriation Act. The case of the son of the "great commoner" was treated in the same way. It was proposed that public monument should be erected to Mr > Pitt at the expense of the nation, and will read the language of the address : "That His Majesty will be graciously pleased to give directions that the remains of the Right Hon. William Pitt be interred in the public charge and that a monument b erected in the Collegiate Church of St. Peter Westminster, to the memory of that excellent statesman, with an inscription expressive of the public sense of so great and irreparable loss, and to assure His Majesty that the House will make good the expenses attending the same." The hon, and learned member has interjected a remark implying that in all these cases of public grants public opinion was unanimous, and that no censure was cast upon the persons to whom these grants of public money were proposed to be given. Mr. IRELAND.-They were not dismissed and censured by their Sovereign. Mr. H1GINBOTHAM.-I think the hon and learned member must be forming an error ncous idea of the men of the past, and that he does not sufficiently consider matches who were their contemporaries were animated by the same passions, entertained the same jealousies, and manifested the same ascot city, which now sways public men on a lesser scale, in our own time Pitt in his time was the object of hatred quit as fierce as was Sir Charles Darling in his day, and when, after this vote was passed another vote was brought down of £10,000 fo the payment of Mr. Pitt's debts, an hon. member was found to rise in the House of Commons and say, " His public services . deny-his great talents I do not admit. And, sir, his great opponent, I am sorry to say, was not unwilling to record in own vote, and spoke as the hon, and learned member has done to- night, in opposition to the grant of this mark of honour to William Pitt. . Sir, the House of Commons passed this vote without having given any information to the House of Lord or to any other body, passed it in the face a considerable opposition within the wall of the House of Commons itself, and who, sir, ever disputed the propriety of put ting it in the Appropriation Act ? (near hear.) And at a later period the same thing was done in the case of the Duke of Wellington, when £400,000 was voted by the House of Commons for the purchase of an annuity to him. And no question was raised in the case either as to the right of the House of Commons to make the grant. It may be said by hon. members that in dealing thus with the vote we are unduly and improperly comparing great things and great men with small things. But, sir, I do not think so. If I do not greatly misunderstand this question, this vote to Sir Charles Darling stands upon the same footing as votes on the supplementary estimates which have already been passed without' question being raised. (Hear-, hear. ] This question relates not merely to the vote to Sir Charles Darling. but the question is whether this House shall deal with the finances of the country. (Cheers from the Ministerial benches, and cries of "No !" from the Opposition), and make grants of the public money to whomsoever it pleases. (Cheers.) I have seen, sir, arguments put forward that in this particular case the Legislative Assembly is bound by the form adopted in the case of another person to whom the House of Commons was asked to grant a sum of money I refer to Palmer's case. I will address myself to that, is I wish now to meet any objections which may be taken on the case. The prominent is that Palmer's case was similar to this. (An HON. MEIIUER.-"It is not.") But with regard to that case I will say at once that it was never intended to have, and could not have the effect which is said to be put on it. It is contended that, because the House of Commons thought fit,- on one particular occasion, to bring; in a private bill in reference to a grant on which it was known that the opinion of the House of Lords differed from theirs, therefore the precedent and principles established in that instance are precedents and principles for all time to come when a giant is voted. Sir, it never had that effect, it was not intended to have that effect, nor could it have that effect. (Hear, hear.) I apprehend that any student of constitutional law will be very much astonished to learn that, from a very obscure case like this of Palmer's, the great principle arose that the House of Lords had acquired a right in any case it thought proper to demand that the House of Commons should place any vote in a separate bill, and so submit it to the arbitration of the House of Lords. if it" be a principle at all, it will apply, not only to separate and distinct grants,- but to every item on the annual estimates (cheers from the Government benches and it will be competent for the House of Lords, upon a mere intimation of its will, to demand that every subject in the annual estimates should be placed in a separate bill. Whoever heard of such a doctrine? (Hear, hear, and- "Nobody.") An hon. member said nobody heard of it, and if nobody did hear of it, then Palmer's case established no such principle. It was merely a particular instance in which the House of Commons, in the exercise of. its sovereign pleasure, thought fit to adopt a particular course. What are the facts of that case Palmer was selected by Mr. Pitt and appointed to be comptroller of the Post-office, to carry out certain improvements in that department, for which he was to receive a per centage on the amount of the profits that would arise from the introduc- tion of the system that he designed. After a few years the percentage amounted to a considerable sum per year, and Palmer himself incurring the displeasure of the Government by alleged insubordinate conduct, ? [Mr. Pitt withdrew the appointment and gave him a pension of £3,000 a year. After Pitt's death Palmer presented his claims to the house of Commons, and a bill was brought in by which it was proposed to give him for the future his per cent are on the profits again. A great deal of excitement appeared to prevail upon the question, and when the bill was sent to the House of Lords that body, on a full examination of the case, rejected it Subsequently the House of Commons presented an address to the Crown, asking the Crown to place on the estimates a sum for the payment of the arrears of the percentage. The Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Perceval, recommended the House of Commons to adopt this course, and induced that body to adopt it but, in proposing to the House that the grant of the arrears should be by a separate bill, Mr. Perceval himself said that it was clear that in granting public money the House had always exercised its own right as to the mode of proceeding. He afterwards said it was impossible to contend that it was not perfectly competent for the House of Commons to carry this vote into effect, either by separate bill or to pass it in the Appropriation Act. Sir, that, coming from the member of the Government who proposed the adoption of that particular course, is sufficient to show that it was never intended, by taking that course, to limit the right of the House of Commons to place any grant in the Appropriation Bill if it thought fit. He merely intended to suggest to the House of Commons that under the ' particular circumstances of the case, it was advisable to give the Lords, who had examined into its merits, and were of opinion that no legal claim existed, an opportunity of reviewing the question. But, Sir, we have a higher authority on this subject than even Mr. Perceval. I mean the then Speaker, Mr. Abbott, afterwards Lord Colchester. In his Life there is a letter written by him to Mr. Perceval, in which he expresses an opinion on the proposal to place this grant in separate bill-an opinion which seems also to have been entertained by Mr. Wyndham and other distinguished members of the Commons-that the mere fact of the House of Lords having expressed an opinion on the subject interposed great difficulties, on constitutional grounds, in the way of the House adopting the course proposed by Mr. Perceval. Mr. Abbott writes: "If the Lords differ in opinion from the Commons upon the bill now before them, they will of course exercise their right of throwing it out and upon the expectation that they will hold the same, opinion upon the grant of the sum in cross which has been voted by the Commons, it will be for the Commons to consider how they will act. Now, it does not appear to me to be right or fitting for the Commons in such a case to surrender or abandon their own vote, or that the apprehension of its being rejected by the Lords can justify or excuse them for not maintain- ing the exercise of their own undoubted right in matters of supply." (Cheers.) The House will permit me to remind it that in this case the Crown had sent no message-, the Crown was still unpledged ; the House ' of Commons' had presented an address pray ring the Crown that the grant might he made, and the Crown declined to send' down the grant. Its decision, at all events, was in abeyance and in so far this case differs "materially from the" present one before "this House, as the committee will observe. (Hear hear.) Mr. Abbott proceeds to say :- " For the Commons to retract, rescind, or. give up their own absolute and unqualified grant of money, by not inserting it in the Appropriation Act, and for such a cause appears to me, so far as I have had the means of information, to be a manifest departure from the uniform practice of Parliament, and an abandoment of the highest privileges of the Commons. Viewing the question in this light, you will not, I am sure, be surprised that in the progress of the proceeding I shall think it my duty in my situation openly to declare that opinion, which on every account it will be very painful for me to do. . And although I am aware that the circumstances may not, and ought not, to vary any determination which you may have come to upon grounds sufficient to satisfy your own judgment, I am very desirous that you should have the earliest and fullest knowledge of my sentiments upon a proceed- ing which appears to me to be so dangerous and important in its consequences. And I shall ever regret that such an occurrence should have happened in your time or mine." In a subsequent letter Mr. Abbott says : "Although it has certainly been the general practice that all absolute and unqualified grants in supply should be inserted in the Appropriation Act, even if they were also made the subjects of separate bills, yet there appears to have been some exceptions to this practice, and particularly in the case of Rye Harbour, in 1745 ; the proceeding upon which is so distinct that I have sent you an extract from the journals. I should also mention the following cases in which absolute grants have been made by separate bills, and not inserted in the Appropriation Act 1762, Westminster Paving Bill ; 1767, Bill for Additional Building to the House of Commons and 1781, Dr. Smith's Compensation Bill, which bill was not returned from the Lords. In 3779 there had been a vote of supply to Dr. Smith, but neither a separate bill, nor any mention of it in the appropriation clause, which must have been irregular. These are certainly exceptions to the general practice, and of these I have also enclosed a note. "How far it may be proper to follow these precedents in the present instance is for you and the House to determine ; considering at the same time the wide gate which this course of proceeding may set open for gradually drawing all the mass of grants of supply, and more especially the various and increasing grants for miscellaneous services, into the form of so many separate bills, with all the consequent debates, delays, and embarrass- ments which such a practice may bring upon the conduct of all the public business in future sessions and future Parliaments." In a subsequent passage in the same volume there is this entry in his diary : "Rode with Lord Liverpool ; talked over the Regent's answer with him, and afterwards with Perceval and Ryder ; told them all that, however the answer, if consisted as applying only to Palmer's case, under the circumstances of the declared opinion of the Lords might be justifiable, yet that this was the first instance of any answer from the Sovereign declining to issue money for which the, Commons had addressed and that, being coupled with the intimation that it was not issued because not yet provided for the inference, went to the destruction of the whole privilege of addressing for issues of money, which always assumed that the money was not yet provided, but pledged the Commons to grant it afterwards. This intention Per- eval expressly disclaimed ; the practice, whether desirable or undesirable, being now too long established to allow of its being overturned." Now, I think that, even if the circumstances of Palmer's case were similar to this, the quotations which I have read will be sufficient to show that that case was not intended to be, and could not be, a basis for the doctrine laid down in reference to the grant to Lady Darling. As I understand that doctrine, it amounts to this or to nothing that when the UpperChambcrexpresses an oplr}ion',"rör may be implied or supposed to have expressed an opinion, unfavourable to the intention of the grant it becomes the duty of the House of Commons to give that Chamber an opportunity of dealing with the question, as it is said, upon its merits. (Hear, hear.) Sir, that case amounts to no such thing. It amounts to this-that this particular case was a claim of a legal nature, which had been investigated and decided by one branch of the Legislature, and that the other branch thought it advisable, before finally deciding upon it, to submit it again to that, House which had paid the most attention to it. But the circumstances of that case were entirely different from the present. There the Crown had not asked the House of Commons to pass the vote. Here the representative, of the Crown has invited the House to pass it. (Cheers from the Government benches.) Mr.LANGTON.-Where? . Mr. HIGINBOTHAM'S ask the House to remember that distinction. The hon. member for East Melbourne asks where. Sir, the vote could not be on the Estimates if the Queen's representative had not sent it down. This is a feature in this case which has been generally overlooked in dealing with this question. And further. in this case another Chamber has not expressed, nor indeed has it had an opportunity of expressing, nor can it have an opportunity of expressing an opinion upon the subject. I apprehend, sir, that this House is at perfect liberty to deal with this' vote in either of two ways, as hon." members may think fit. It undoubtedly has the power to put it in a separate bill. It has also the power to put it in the Appropriation Act. But it has been thought ad- ' visable to follow the more usual practice indeed, I may say the uniform practice in this country and place it upon the Estimates instead of introducing it in a separate bill. What reason is there for placing it in a separate bill? I can understand that some of the enemies of Sir Charles Dalling might say that this ought to be put in a separate bill, in order that it might not be passed. (Cheers from the Ministerial benches, and counter cheers from the Opposition.) Mr. LANGTON.-Who are his enemies? An noN. MEMOS. YOU are one. (Cheers, and laughter.) Mr. HIGINBOTHAM.-If such a desire is entertained, it forms the strongest reason for this House dealing with the vote in this particular way. Either the vote must be placed in the Appropriation Bill, or in another bill in which the certain assurance is given that in the form in which it is presented it will become law. Then, either one way or the other it will become law. For my own part, if this House had the certain assurance that a separate bill would be passed in the form in which it was presented, I think there would be some advantage in that proceeding. I think to place this grant of £20,000 in a bill, with a suitable preamble reciting the causes for which it is given, in that for in would be a far more enduring memorial, and more honourable to Sir Charles Darling, more creditable therefore to this country, and - therefore perhaps more advisable. (Cheers.) Sir, I do not think that this House is in a position at the present moment to enter upon the question of Sir Charles Darling's administration. (Hear, hear.) For my part, if the hon. and learned member had not referred to it if it were not a subject which is' perhaps almost unavoidably partially re- opened by this proposal I would not think it necessary to utter one word upon the character of Sir Charles Darling's administration. That question was settled long ago. (Cheers.) I am speaking to hon. members on the supposi- tion that they will perhaps disown it and if they do disown it I shall be sorry to impute it to them), that members of this House have some regard to the pledged honour of this House, and to the honour of the country, which has been pledged by this House. 1, (Cries of " No," from the Opposition.) ,Hpn.# members ' then disown the imputation and I withdraw it, and so I address them as members who seek to disown the obligations of the House, to disown the pledge given by the country to Sir Charles Darling. (Cheers.) When Sir Chas. Darling left this country last year, we presented him with an address, in which we stated that he left these shores' possessed of the respect and sympathy of the people of Victoria. Plain address was agreed to by a large majority of this Assembly, after a full discussion of the unhappy questions which had arisen during the administiation of that Governor. I take it, therefore, that the question of the judgment of this' House, as a body upon his administration has been settled and determined; it is not now , open. Tito question if we shall perform our duty is the question that is now before us, and it is only indirectly and by the way that the question of Sir Charles Dalling merits'as- an administrator of the Queen's ^ government arises in connexion with, the vote. They do, sir, incidentally arise. I do not doubt that the hon, and learned member will be followed' by other hon. members who will repeat his arguments in a manner more offensive than he has put them, and I should not attempt to dispute or if tempt to answer i s i .] . ., . , . . to the observations of the hon. member respect-. ing Sir Charles Darling were it not, for this simple fact, that since Sir Charles Darling has left this country, it may perhaps be desirable, that he and the lady to whom this grant is; about to be given (2 oh, oh"), should be informed that the feelings of this, country towards them still remain the same as they were a year ago. (Cheers.) I believe that the feeling of the country now, as then, is one of sincere respect and sympathy for Sir Charles Dalling. (Cheers from both sides of the House.) In one respect, indeed, I believe that the feeling towards them has changed. I believe that reflection upon the undeserved misfortunes of that gentleman has altered the sentiments of many gentlemen towards him, and made many of his enemies to be at peace with him, and be willing now that this vote should be passed, even though they might be opposed to his policy. The opinion of his friends and admirers and they, I believe are nine-tenths of the people of this country (loud cheers from the Government benches, and laughter from the Opposition remain unchanged. (Hear, hear.) The hon. and learned member has said that Sir Charles Darling has been guilty of acts of illegality, and has been finally dismissed the public service dismissed, I think, | was the expression be used-for acts of illegality. Sir, I deny the fact absolutely and in. toto. (Cheers.) I assert that the despatches show demonstiativelythat Sir Charles Darling was removed from office for expressions which indeed might have been incautious, but it has never been charged upon him that they were illegal and that was the sole cause upon which the Ministers who unwisely and unjustly removed him did so. (Cheers.) I will not now go into the question of the legality or the illegality of his acts, so far as they were his acts. Most of them were not his acts, but his Ministers' in collecting duties of customs and in not collecting duties of customs, in making arrangements with the bank, and paying the debt which had been incurred to the bank; I shall not go into that question. We are responsible for these acts, as I told this House once before, and in not one of them but one was Sir Charles Darling consulted. He was removed for the single expression in his despatch respecting the twenty-two executive councillors, who, as we are told to-night for the first time, petitioned for his removal. I think that the last time the question was before the House, the arguments were that those executive councillors petitioned for nothing of the kind. We are told to-night that those twenty-two councillors did petition for his removal. Mr IRELAND.-I spoke merely for myself. (Oh, oh.) Mr HIGINBOTHAM.-The hon, and learned member was one of the twenty-two executive councillors, and Sir Charles Darling spoke of them, I will not say not incautiously, but boldly and truthfully. (Cheers, and cries of oh.") I do not believe that his wants! caution and that is the only fault which has ever been charged against Sir Charles Darling by his ill-informed critics in England do not believe that the incautious expression in one of his despatches will outweigh the sense of his other and greater merits. Caution and prudence in the high office which he filled rare qualities of a high older, but they are not the highest. They may not bcincompatible with other and higher qualities ; they certainly do not always accompany them. But Sir Charles Darling possessed qualities with which caution and prudence are not always allied, but which are far higher. He possessed intense hatred of wrong; he possessed a profound contempt for persons who conspired against the public law, (Ironical cheers from the Opposition, and 01100115 from the Government benches, and he possessed the greatest determination to resist their designs at all hazards and at all risks. Even if it were granted that Sir Chas. Darling was incautious and imprudent, I should not care to defend him from that charge. He had higher qualities and higher merits, and I believe that the people of this country not only approved of them at the time when they were in a state of political lever, but that now, after the lapse of a year, that feeling still remains in the minds of the great body of the people. ("No, no.") I will take the division to-night as the test of the correctness or incorrectness of that opinion, for I apprehend that whatever may be the state of this House it is a fair reflex of the views of the people of this country, and I appeal from that denial to the numbers of the division-list to-night, should a division be arrived at. And I venture to say that not only will there be a large majority in this House to sanction this vote, but it will be approved by the great body of public opinion throughout the country. I am aware that there is a minority on this ques- tion, and I congratulate Sir C. Darling that there is a minority. It is not an ordinary occasion of the presentation of a testimonial. If we were to present him with a service of plate I have no doubt there would be perfect unanimity. We would be quite unanimous in degrading ourselves and ennobling the victim of our bounty by adulations equally extravagant and equally sincere. We are now discussing a question involving the character of a gentleman who was engaged in active political life, and in discussing a question of that kind there must be a minority of Parliament opposed to the object of the grant. In this country and in other countries, at this time as at other times, there is a large proportion of turpitude in political life, and Sir Charles Darling may take pleasure in the circumstance that he has concentrated upon himself the bitterness of all the foulest elements of political life in this country. (Cheers and laughter.) I am quite aware that there is a minority, not merely in this House, but among the people of this colony, who are opposed to the grant. I believe there are not a few importing tradespeople in this city who entirely dissent from the constitutional character of this grant and I have not the least doubt that these tradespeople have their dependents in the newspaper press and their political dependents elsewhere, who would heartily join with them in condemning the grant and pursuing Sir Charles Darling to the end. I assure hon. members I am not referring to that minority when I speak of the opinion of the country. I believe it, is a minority quite powerless, as far as the force of expression goes. I believe that this puddle of passion and interests will not say of opinion-can be stirred up by fit machinery into a perfect storm resembling the voice of many waters ; but that is not public opinion. I am speaking of the deliberate judgment of the public conscience when I express my profound belief that this vote will be approved of, and that the judgment will be that Sir Charles Darling is entitled to the approval of his sovereign and the lasting gratitude of the people of this country. The feelings with which this vote is proposed by the Ministers of the Crown are, I hope, not allowed by any feeling of personal exultation. (An Hoy. MEMBER. "There's no occasion.") I hope hon. members will not see in us that which we should disapprove and condemn in ourselves ; but I will say this, Sir, that the arrival of the time in which this vote can be brought down and passed fills me with the greatest pleasure. I say unfeignedly that this is the happiest day of my political life (cheers) for I will admit to this House that those who were the Ministers of Sir Charles Darling feel the deepest interest in the decision of this question. It is true that those feelings have never, I believe, been intermixed with the smallest trace of regret, still less of com- punction, for any one piece of advice we offered to the late Governor. I can say for myself, and I believe I can speak for my colleagues, that there is not one piece of advice we offered to that gentleman which we should not now repeat; (Hear, hear. J We have nothing to charge ourselves with, but at the same time we all feel there is in what has happened to Sir Charles Darling much to cause us all poignant regret. It is true, as we were his Ministers from the beginning of his career in this colony to the end of it, that we are in some sort the cause the innocent cause, and the only cause of any sort that was innocent (cheers and laughter) of his downfall, and certainly does fill me with the sincerest pleasure to find that the country is resolved not merely on restoring his broken fortunes, but on reinstating his reputation as an honoured servant of the Crown. (Hear, hear.) Sir Charles Darling served his sovereign for seventeen or eighteen years with credit. (Mr. SULLIVAN.-"To the very last.") I do believe that the last days of his public service were the most honourable of all, and that those days in which, at an advanced age, if he ever reaches it-if he be not killed first-if, I say, he ever reaches an advanced age that the last days of his public service will be those which will afford him in his deepest conscience the most sincere pleasure to reflect "upon. When I now see that this country is disposed not in the heat of political excitement, but after the deliberation of a year, in which a judgment has been formed, to make this reparation to Sir Charles Darling for the loss he has suffered, and to reinstate his character, not merely to, vote him compensa- tion, but to restore his credit as an upright servant of the Crown and of the people, I say I feel the most sincere joy at arriving at that time, Hon. members on the opposite side of the house' seem to think from their point of view that they can now as they could a year ago, taunt S; Charles Darling with his past acts, and that they may join without personal do honour, in trying to pursue him to the dead I do not know what feelings of political honour hon. members opposite may entertain but if I were seated on these benches I be Here I should not I hope I should not entertain the views which they appear not to entertain as to their duty in reference to this vote. I think I can conceive that Kiblic man who had opposed Sir Charles ailing during his whole career, who has voted against the memorial to the Queer and against this grant when first proposed might, after the vote had been passed, after the Crown had been addressed, and this vol had been proposed have felt it incumbent on him in point of honour to withdraw from the position he formerly assumed, and to grant the vote he had formerly resisted. (Hear hear.) That is the course which honourable men have pursued at home. This course was adopted in the instance I have mentioned, in which the members of a noble house satisfied themselves with a protest against what they believed to be an application of public money to an unworthy object and is not that the course which true pal: tical honour, and fine regard for the pledge given by this House and the country, shoal impose upon hon. members now ? (An Hon MjJMBEit.-" No.") I could have expected that answer. I have given up all hope for any appeal to hon. members, and, therefore I confess I do not sympathise with hon. members opposite in what I believe will b the disgrace and discredit they are now bringing on themselves by the course they are taking. What is this vote ? It is not merely a compensation to Sir Charles Darling, it is not merely a renewal of the expressed opinion of this House upon the merits of Sir Charles Darling, it will be when passed a decisive condemnation of those who pursued him through his whole political career, and who now avow themselves his unrelenting, enemies. It will be something more than vote of money to Sir Charles Darling. It will be a vote of censure of the Legislative Assembly on the Constitutional faction of 1860, am Town 1 take some pleasure in seeing the result, and in witnessing the conduct of hon members under it. That this vote will be passed there is no manner of doubt. (Hear hear.) It may be passed by this Government it may be passed by the hon. members of the other side of the House, but passed it will be. (Cheers.) Possibly those hon. member who are now reviling Sir Charles Darling, and praying the House to reject this vote, and: afterwards come down to this House, am pray the house, for God's sake, to pay: it. (Cheers, and laughter.) Well, Sir, I rejoice that this vote will brand the enemies: of Sir Charles Darling, who pursued him when he was here, and who do not desist from pursuing him now. I will tell those hon. members to whom I refer that I always considered the faction to which they belong as the very vilest faction to which this country has ever given birth. Mr. IRELAND.-Mr. Lalor, I really must rise to order. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM'S presume that, as the hon. and learned member has dealt with the administration of Sir Charles Darling, I am entitled to deal with all the facts connected with the administration of tin period. Mr. IRELAND.- I used no offensive or abusive language to gentlemen on the opposite side of the House. Mr. HIGINBOTHAM continued. The Constitutional party was the most pretentious one that ever existed in this country. It included, according to its own account, all the self-styled respectability of this country. Wealth it certainly had, and is grossly abused that wealth. As to its re- spectability, why, sir, its respectability was the mere unfounded insolent pretence of a class; and as to its intelligence, I suppose that has been always fairly represented by the hon. members I sec opposite. That party, I suppose it will not be denied, even by themselves in their cooler moments, is a party that has been more basely subservient to external influences, more hypocritical in its professions, more unprincipled in its acts, and more outrageous in its language, both printed and spoken, than any party by which this country has ever before been cursed. Now, sir, it was not my desire to awaken any passions. ("Oh, oh.") If hon. members had been content to pass this vote in silence, as prudence dictated, and as good feeling and honour imperatively demanded, I should not have been the one to awaken reminiscences of 1865 ; but hon. members themselves, by their first speaker, have re-opened the whole of the conten- tions of the last two years. Hon. member s are now prepared a win to endeavour to fix censure upon the character of a gentleman of whom this House has previously expressed approval, and in regard to whom this country has in a thousand ways expressed its gratitude and admiration. Let hon. members recollect that whatever course they now take must re-act upon themselves. They cannot re-open the question of the late Governor's character without awakening the memory of their own vote against Sir Charles Darling. Unpack your hearts of words against him if you think, fit, but you cannot expect that those who approve his conduct and ad niirehim willrefrainfromexprcssingthcirfeel ings and views too. The vote will be passed now. No doubt it will become law, with the consent of hon. members opposite some time or other, though possibly without their consent now. At all events I hope hon. members will have sufficient courage with their opinions, or with their passions, as the case may be, to go to a division. I I think it will be highly satisfactory if we are able to ascertain who are those members of this House who are willing to write themselves down the rump of the faction of 1860, It will be satisfactory to Sir Charles Darling to see who are his enemies of 1865, who now avow themselves his enemies. He will then be able to judge how few their number in this house is, and how small their influence. Hon. members will bring this upon themselves. I only hope they will press the matter to a division, so that it may be decided that Sir Charles Darling is entitled to compensation for loss of honour and for the services he has performed and also that we may see who are those that avow themselves his enemies and are justly entitled to the lasting disgrace which their conduct has called down on them. (Cheers.) Mr. ASPINALL said he had listened for some time, and not without amazement, to the hon. and learned Attorney-General, who had really adopted a tone with reference to the morality of his own colleagues and supporters, and of the entire House, which plainly said there was not a human being here or anywhere else that had the slightest claim to the moral altitude the hon. gentleman appeared to have attained. What was the real state of the question which the hon. gentleman had introduced to the House in a speech on a venal press and a corrupt Parliament? The Government were proposing, by a miserable subterfuge, to vote a sum of £20,000 to a lady, whose name must be left out of the debate, though her husband's name could not be introduced into the vote. Why was it that, a lady was to be the recipient of the bounty of this Parliament? The view taken of the matter by the authorities at home was, that it was neither more nor less than a sub- terfuge. It was a monstrosity to drag the lady's name into an attempted fraud on the rules of the colonial Government as porvacl ing Her Majesty's empire, for that was what it amounted to Sir Charles Darling's crowd of admirers who were so willing to vote this £20,000, weronotwil&igtosubscriboa; farthing. On taking leave of the people at Sandridge, the late Governor said "I pledge myself to lose no time after my arrival in England in seeking to vindicate my administration of that government by soliciting a full inquiry into every part of it through the medium of a Parliamentary committee, unless Her Majesty should be graciously pleased to appoint some other tribunal for that purpose." But, up to the present time, nothing whatever had been heard of this Parliamentary committee, or of any inquiry into Sir Charles Darling's conduct. What would any gentleman similarly placed have done on learning that the acceptance of a gratuity (for no one could doubt that the money was intended for him from a colonial Government disentitled him to any further claim upon the Imperial Government. Seeing that governors were appointed to govern colonies, and not to pander to the wishes of the inhabitants, the manifest duty of a gentleman in this position was to submit himself unreservedly to the Imperial Government. But what did Sir Charles Darling do ? He asked the colony to wait until he had played his cards with the Imperial Government, the money to be held in reserve in the meantime and getting no appointment elsewhere, he called upon the colony to grant the vote in the form proposed. His poverty and not his will consented. The late Governor was quite ready to forgot the dirty rabble who followed him down to Sandridge if he could get something better than the promised vote and the people had no objection to the Government giving as much as they pleased, provided none 0; it came out of their breeches pockets'. The Government had sold the people's Governor, and now they intended to sell the people, Sir Charles Darling having a prospect of £10,000 from the British Crown, and £20,00 from the Colonial Government, determined to accept the larger sum. If the allegiance a governor owed to the Crown was a matter to be decided by salary, what security had they for good government ' Any colonial Government might say to a Governor, We have our policy to carry out, we have our little game to play, make your self a party to it, and sooner or later, this Government will pay you far better than the British Government ever will." That was the practical meaning of the proposal now before the house. He (Mr. Aspinall) thought they were committing treason to the mother country in sanctioning the vote to this gen- demanded, by this miserable pretence, to his wife, who was to support him in his old age because he had disregarded the duties imposed upon him. Lord Carnarvon stated in his despatches that Governors were not permitted to receive a pecuniary consideration, or a valuable present from the inhabitants of the colonies which they governed-that it was plain that this regulation would be nugatory if what he was prevented from receiving could be given to his wife, and that the acceptance of the proposed gratuity by Sir Charles Darling could not be regarded otherwise than as a final relinquishment of the service and of all the emoluments and expectations pertaining to it. _ Now, in similar circumstances, could an officer of the army or navy honourably accept a "gratuity" of this kind? Could they, after being relieved from service after attempting to turn revolutionists, go and accept pay from those whom they had assisted? That was the position of Sir Charles Darling. H this case were "pity the sorrows of a poor old man" if this were a mere begging petition, let it be said so ; but if it was a matter of colonial statesmanship if it meant that the other House should be thrown over let them deal with it on that understanding. There was nobody but must have the profoundest respect for the present Governor ; but if British rulewasnotto be maintained if the man sent out from the Colonial office was to be the mere paid puppet of the Government here-they had better go the full Fenian length, which the present Government appeared willing to go, and say that they wanted nothing to do with the British Government. The doctrine which had been laid down was that the Ministers of the day should be the Ministers of the Governor, and that the Governors should cease to be the servants of the Queen. He was to be guided by the Government here, and to be independent of the home Government entirely and in the magnitude of their ideas the Ministry were in this case to reward Sir C. Darling for obeying their behests, and disobeying the instructions of the British Government. He (Mr. Aspinall) admitted that Sir C. Darling had made himself an object of sympathy to every person who felt that he had been misled and betrayed. But every loyal subject of her Majesty, whether he were on the sale or on the virtuous side of the House (a laugh) whether he were holy or unholy whether he might be willing to give £20,000 out of the pockets of other people, or whether he were unwilling that the community should be robbed for such purpose must feel that,, while they were making preparations to receive the son of Her Majesty, they were about to offer as great an insult as they could well offer to his Royal mother, and, indeed, would be passing a vote of censure on Her Majesty by giving £20,000 to the man whom she had so recently dismissed. They might give to the Duke of Edinburgh what reception they pleased, but if they passed this vote they practically declared that her Majesty had been ill-advised by Mr. Cardwell in recalling Sir Charles Darling. (Hear, hear.) The mode in which the vote was proposed seemed to him simply a paltry fraud on the colonial regula- tions it was merely an attempt to tie every Government supporter to the vote. It was a trick in the beginning, it was a trick in the end-it was a trick of which no gentleman would avail himself, and a trick of which he (Mr. Aspinall) hoped for the credit of the governors of all the colonies, Sir C. Darling would never be mean enough to take advantage either for his wife, his child, or his utmost posterity. He (Mr. Aspinall) might have entered upon the outrageous personal attacks made by Sir C. Darling, unknown to them, upon executive councillors and other persons who had endeavoured to maintain their own opinions he might have called attention to the fact, that without notification to this House he had maligned the characters of a number of persons to the authorities at home he might have read , despatches written under dictation, or, at least, from sources of knowledge which he did not himself possess sources both foul and wife but he would not do so on this occasion. In spite of all that he did, and all that he could argue those who had no local quarrels, who had no mob to follow them to ships con- demned him. He could not get a Parliamentary Committee, and neither Queen, Lords, and Commons took up his cause. He (Mr. Aspinall) did not ask any gentleman to revoke a pledge to which hocousidorcdhimsclf bound ; but he should hope, for the honour of that House, that all those who felt themselves under no such obligation would vote against this proposal. It must have been with a blush of shame and a feeling of disgrace that the present Governor allowed himself to be a party to rendering it possible that the House should give £20,000 to the man who had dishonoured and disobeyed his Queen. Mr, BINDON believed that the sympathy which the people had shown to Sir Charles Darling on his departure from this colony was an act which at least ought to have passed without censure. The reception of the new Governor showed at all events, that it was perfectly consistent with loyalty and respect for Her Majesty and he thought the allusion to the vote in connexion with the visit of the Duke of Edinburgh was extremely uncalled for, and was made only for the purpose of creating a prejudice in the minds of the people. He (Mr. Bindon) believed that the people of this colony would act honourably and justly bySirC. Darling, and that they were pledged to vote this money. He did not believe thatanysubterfuge was intended in using the name of Lady Darling. This House had already resolved to vote the money to Lady Darling, and he was at a loss to conceive how a solemn vote of the House could be respectfully spoken of as a subterfuge. With reference to the appeal of Sir Charles Darling to the authorities at home, there could be no doubt that he had avowed his intention of making such an appeal ; but if afterwards he felt it to be wiser, to be more prudent, and more becoming a servant of the Crown, to adopt another , course, that proceeding did him no discredit, but rather honour. He (Mr. Bindon) denied that it was the duty of a governor to give a blind obedience to the Colonial Secretary of State. On the contrail',-ho thought the Colonial Secretary by had no right to interfere with his judgment in matters affecting the affairs of the colony. He would point out that the solo thing which had led to the removal of Sir Charles Darling was his despatch with reference to the executive councillors. But was it not better that he should have stated his honest opinions than have been guilty of 1 double-dealing ? He drew a distinction between dismissal and recall, and he would call attention to the fact that in none of the letters was the Secretary of State found speaking of Sir Charles Darling as a dismissed servant. The House was pledged to this vote, and could not reject it without sacrificing its corporate honour. As to the objection that the vote should be contained in a separate bill, he would only ask was there not the same objection urged to the inclusion of other gratuities in the Appropriation Act? It did not matter whether the sum was £20,000, £2,000, £1.000 or £50, the principle was the same. At what time was a gratuity over placed in a separate bill? There would be just as much reason ', for saying that the gratuity to Mrs. Ram- say should be contained in a separate bill as that the like course should be pursued with regard to this vote. If the Legislative Assembly had the control of the purse-strings of the colony, surely it possessed the right to place this vote in the Appropriation Act if it liked, and he hoped the House would not consent to relinquish its privileges. He did not wish to follow the personal part of the debate, but he must say that if any person was over justified in writing hasty and indiscreet despatches, it was Sir Charles Darling. Though irresponsible, he was attacked, because those who did so know that the Government, who were responsible and therefore the proper persons to be attacked, were invulnerable. In fact he had not the slightest doubt that if Mr. Cardwell had been aware of the manner in which Sir Charles Darling was attacked from day to day, his judgment on the case would have been different. He denied that family meant disgrace Why Governor Eyfo had been recalled, and he was feted all over England s and Sir Harry Smith, who was re- called from the Cape of Good Hope, was not censured. He was satisfied that during the trying time through which he passed Sir Charles Dalling was endeavouring to consult the interests of his Sovereign, and what he considered to be the wishes of the majority of the people in this colony. Mr. JONES moved that progress be reported. Mr. VERDON said he had no objection to offer. a Progress was then reported, and leave given to the committee to sit again on Tuesday. THE REALES TRUST BILL. The report on this measure was adopted, and the bill read a third time, and passed. SUSPENSION OF SCHOOL TEACHERS. Mr. SMYTH moved that a select committee be appointed to inquire into the circumstances under which the Board of Education have suspended payment to James Eastwood, Mary Wood, and Annie Palmer, head teacher and assistant teachers respectively of the Rose street Common School, Fitzroy, of the salaries due to them respectively since the first day of May, 1866, up to the present time, and to report to the House whether any and what circumstances justify the said Board of Education in a continuance of such suspension of payments of said salaries to all, or any and which of the said teachers and assistant teachers ; said committtee to consist of Mr. Longmore, Mr. Vale, Mr. Love, Mr. Plummer, Mr. Levey, Mr. Orr, Mr. Byrne, and the mover, with power to call for persons and papers. Mr. JONES seconded the motion, which was agreed to. PUBLICANS" LAW AMENDMENT BILL. Mr. G. P. SMITH mentioned that he intended to proceed with this bill on the following night, was the Government had promised to endeavour to make a House. Mr. GILLIES said that hon. members had made other engagements for next night, as they had no idea that now, at the end of the Mission, there would be a departure from the usual practice of adjourning over Friday, and the bill was too important to be discussed in a thin House. Mr. M'CULLOCH stated that the Government desired this and one or two other bills to be passed this session, and with that object they had agreed to endeavour to form a House next day. The remaining business having been postponed, the House, at ten minutes past eleven o'clock, adjourned till four p.m. on the following day 