TELEGRAPH^!. (rnoM ora TELECmanio ooHBEsroNDENis ) \- Í SYDNEY. I" ' January 22 THE two mon concerned in tho conspiracy to blow np the Darlinghurst Gaol have boon com- mitted for trial. Captain Croagh, of the Militory Train, has arrived from Auckland on an official visit to Queensland. > The markots aro quiet. MELBOUENE. January 22. Tho Intercolonial Cricket Matoh between sixteen from Tasmania and an eleven of Vic- toria, has boen played hero, and has resulted in a victory to tho Tasmanians. A servant girl has been found murdered in the Yarra. Two soldiers aro suspected, and have been arrested. There haB boon a flood in the Darling. Sailed-The Sootia for Brisbane. ADELAIDE. Januwy 22. The markots aro quiet. Wheat is quotod at as. 3d. per bushel ; and flour from £10 10B. to £1110s. per ton. THB attention of stall-holders and all inter- ested in the proposed bazaar in aid of the building funds of tho Lying-in Hospital and Servants' Homo, aro requested to nttond a meet- ing to bo held in the home to-morrow (Thurs- day), at half-past 4 o'clock, to fis. a time for holding tho bazaar and to make further ar- rangements. A SPBCIAII mooting of tho Victoria Crioket Club will bo hold this evening at Lonneberg's, to considor a challenge roceiyed from tho Legal Cricket Club for Saturday noxt. A MEEima of the committee of the Logal Crickot Club was hold lost ovoning, when it was decided that a challenge should bo sent to tho Victoria Club, to play a moteh on Saturday next, on tho ground at tho Green Hills. All members of tho Legal Crickot Club aro re- quested to moet on tho ground this orening, for practice. Wo aro requested to state that tho Logal Cricket Club would havo appoared boforo the cricketing publie long since, had they not been unsuccessful in two attempts to arrange a match with other olubs. THB attendance at tho School of Arte last night was largor than on any provious occasion. Tho entertainment was ns successful as before, and the audienco marked their appreciation of tho skill of the glass-blowers by watching with great interest thoir diiferent operations. Tho distribution of prices at the conclusion of tho ontertainmont offered many attractions, especi- ally to thoso who were fortunate enough to obtain a memento of their evening's amuBcmont. There will not be an afternoon entertainment to- day, as was previously announced. THE Philharmonio Sóoioty held a practice meeting last evening, at the Victoria Theatre. Tho attendance was much larger than on recent occasions. Judging from tho nature of the piceos practised, and the cxcellont manner in whioh some of thom woro rendered, subscribers may expect a treat at the nest concert, which will shortly take place. It is requosted that members will be rogular in their attendance at practice meetings, so as to ensure the success of the noxt concert. THE Alexandra Theatro was pretty well filled last nicht. The performance commenced with Solby's " Harold Hawk, or the Bushranger's Eotc." The interest of tho piece hinged on tho desperate actions of Harold Haiok, the rejected lovor of Jessie Gray. These parts woro respec- tively allotted to Mr. Byers and MÍBS Hudson, both of whom showed throughout what may bo supposed to bo an accurate conception of the characters they represented, and brought out the strong points with vigor and expression. The subordinate ports wore also odequotoly filled, and the interest of the piece was well BUBtaincd. Mademoiselle Hester Blako made hor début last evoning, and executed a Spanish dance in so gracoful a manner that she won dosorved plaudits. Miss Polly Leurine, another rocont addition to the company, sang " Annie Laurio " with considerable expression. The farce, " A Ghost in Spito of Himself," closed the performance. A HtrsiOAli and dramatic entertainment was given last night, at the South Brisbane Me- chamos' Instituto, by Mr. H. N. Douglas, who is already favorably known to the Brisbane thoatrioal public, from his former connection with the Victoria and Alexandra Theatres. On this occasion he was assisted by Mr. S. Poole, Mr. E." L. Scott, and several amateurs. The attendance -WOB not vory large. The entertain mont consisted of rooitationB, comic songs, and comio readings. Mr. Scott sang with con- siderable humor sovoral comio songs, and was frequently encored. Mr. Douglas, who pos- sesses very fair olocutionary power, reoited with .expression and good taste several selec- tions from woll- known authors, suoh as Ten- nyson's "Chargo of the six hundred," Mrs. Homans' "Tho Spanish Champion," and "Shamus O'Brien." The entertainment was concluded with a laughable farco. AT the monthly mooting of the Acclimatisa- tion Society, hold yesterday, the business done was for tho most part of avery formal character. A new member was added to the sooioty, a fow donations of birds reported and acknowledged. A list of plants, some of whioh tho society has for solo, and othors for gratuitous distribution to porsons making writton application for them was read, and will be found at length in another column. The society will of course exoroise its own judgment as to whether the applicants are likoly to turn its gifts to good uccount, and causo thom to increase and multi- ply. Would not the society enhance its gener- osity to the publio considerably if it woro to give whenever possible the simplo names of tho plants -which it may hove to sell or give away as woll as the scientific names. Wo can under- stand some of our practical agriculturists or amateur gardeners liking well enough to at- tempt the growing of a few coffee plants, or the cultivation of indigo on a small scale, who would not venture upon anything BO serious as coffea arabica or indigofera tinctxira. A proposition was mado by the hon. socretary of the society that ho should bo authorised to writo to the publishers of tho Journal of Horticulture, in London, and to the firm of Veitoh, of Chelsea, offering the sooioty as a medium for tho BOIO of books or pamphlots on farming and gardening, and for the dissemination of seeds and plants on the lowest terms at whioh thoy could bo Bold in this colony. 'The suggestion was adopted. Two servicos were hold on Sunday last at the Baptist Church, Petrie Terrace Miss Thorne preached in the evening in behalf of the Sunday-school attaohed to tho church to a crowded and attentive audience. A tea meet- ing was held last evening in the same building. The attendance was so largo that tho church was unable to accommodate more than half of those present at á sitting, and tea had to be Borvod a second time. After tea a publio moot- ing was held, at which Mr. T. B. Stephens prosided. The meeting was addressed by Bev. Mi-. Woolcook, Bible Christian Minister ; and Messrs. Mooro, Gregory, Jarrott, and Spence. Aftor which, the Doxology was sung, and tho meeting separated. "WE havo roeoivod from the publishor, Mr. George Robortson, of Melbourne, a colonial edition of the Rev. Mr. Bnxtor's prophotic work entitled the " Coming Wonders expected bo tweon 1867 and 1875." Mr. Bobortaon has purchased from the author tho solo right of printing this book in Australia and New Zealand, and a notice to that efl'ect from Mr. Baxter ap- pears on the fly-leaf of the book. Tho publish- ing prico is half-a-orown. Considerable enter- prise has lately boon shown in Melbourne and Sydney, in the publication of colonial editions of English and American works. WEEKLY state of Her Majesty's Hulk Proser- pine, Moreton Boy, from tho 14th January to tho 20th January, 1867, inclusive :-Total last return, 46 ; increase sinco, 13 ; deoreaso Bince, 4; totnl now, 55. Tho above return includes prisoners confined in Her Majesty's lock-up, St. Helena. Return of the state of the Lunatic Asylum for the week ending the 19th January, 1867 : ln the house at last return, 99 males, 37 females ; since admitted, 2 males, 1 female ; discharged, 2 males ; remaining, 99 males, 38 females ; total, 137. THE following is a return of tho patients in the Lunatic Asylum, Woogaroo, for the year 1866 .-In the Asylum on 31st December, 1865, 66 males, 23 females ; admitted during the year 1866, 74 males, 31 females ; discharged (cured), 26 males, 13 females; discharged (improved), 6 males, 5 females ; escaped and re- taken, 3 males, 3 females ; died, 9 males, 1 female ; number treated, 140 males, 54 females ; numbor treated from the opening of the Asylum, January 10, 1865,177 males, 65 females ; remaining in the Asylum on tho 31st December, 1866-supposed curable, 13 males, 12 females ; supposed incur, able, 86 males, 23 females. Total, 99 males, 35 females. THE Queensland Times of yesterday says : " A letter recoived a few days ago by a gontä mon in Ipswich gives o deplorablo account of tho state of the Weddin diggings ; and a mau who, a Bhort timo ago, left his work on the rail- way Uno for tho Bupposod Eldorado, with up- wards of £50 in his pocket, has returned dis- gusted, aftor losing his time and spending his money, and hae gone bock to his former employ- ment." t\11 IN a supplement to the Government Gazette, issued on Monday last, it is notified that a'deed of assignment was made, on the 20th Decomber last, by William John Munee, of Brisbane, merchant, to trustees, for the benefit of his creditors. The value conveyed by tho deod is stated at £9419 19s. 3d. GREAT preparations are being made in Sydnoy for the reception of the aboriginal cricketers. Tho Domain ground has beon specially set opart for tho match, and tho Crickoting Association has been invited to select a team to play them. Tho Sydnoy eleven ÍB not to include professionals. THE V. D. Gazette, of yestorday, says, with rospeot to the recent cricket match between Toowoomba and Brisbane :-" Our readers will observe, from tho roport whioh appoars in another part of our columns, that tho cricketers of Toowoomba and tho other parts of tho Main Bange came off second beBt, in thoir match ?with the Brisbanites. Thoy fancy that things would have been different had they been allowed o second innings, but appearances are certainly against them. This much is to be said, that some of their best players could not entor tho field, and therefore we may anticipate th#t they will not Buffor so signal a dofeat, when the Brisbane players meet them on thoir own ground. Our men, however, do not feel much soreness at being defeated by such cour- teous opponents, and express themselves in the highest terms of tho kindly manner in whioh thoy wero received. The arrangements mado by Mr. Barnes for convoying tho Toowoomba team to Brisbane and back again reflect tho highest credit on that gentleman, and on the firm of which he is the representative." Is reference to Mr. Vordon's appointment to a Civil Companionship of the Bath, the Mel- bourne Age pays :-"The Hon. D. S. Thomson and Mr. Latrobo are, if wo remember aright, tho only civilians connected with this colony who havo hitherto been appointed Companions of tho Bath." 