The Novelist. CIRCUMSTANTIAL EVIDENCE; OR, DID THEY HANG THE WRONG MAN? CHAPTER XLIV. AMBER TAKES AN OATH. BY MISS RALEIGH. THE ride seemed a long one, and it was quite dark when they reached Haddam gaol. Daniel Hammer put the girl in charge of the gaoler's wife, while he went to tell St. Cyr that bis daughter was waiting to see him. Bt. Cyr was awake, and sending for the gaoler, Mid he had a request to make, namely, that there should be no light in the room when his daughter came in or while she remained, giving as a reason that he had changed so mnch in lace and form during the past six months, that ■he would be terribly shocked and pained, and think he had suffered more than he had; and besides, he wanted her to remember him in the years to come as he was when he left her, and not as the frightful thing he felt himself to be now. The gaoler was disposed to he compassionate; knowing that it was impossible for bis prisoner to escape, especially as he was to be in the room himself, he said, after Amber had been ex amined by the gaoler's wife to see if she had no poison or anything of the sort about her to end her father's life, that his request should be granted. " She has nothing but a Bible and the clothes she wears," repeated the gaoler's wife. " Yes she has," said the gaoler. " She ha? a most dangerous possession—a beautiful face." v Well, that won't hurt her father," answered his wife; " only it would break his heart to see it bo sad and pitiful." { " Come!" said the gaoler, turning to Amber, and laying down her hood and cloak she followed himlh rough the narrow corridors to her father's cell. The gaoler entered after her and bolted the door. It was quite dark there, and Amber could not see. • "Father!" she-called. St. Cyr raised himself up, and stretching his arms through the darkness, answered: "My child!" She followed the glad sound, and a moment after lay in hit arms, crying as if she had never cried before, and never would cry again. She lay beside him till nearly morning, and they talked moat of the time, but the gaoler eonldnot remember what was said. Indeed, from the looks of his eyes, the gaoler's wife thought he had cried a good deal himself. St. Cyr passed his hands over and over Amber's bead and. face to assure himself that it was really she, and that she had not changed so much as he feared; indeed, he could see her considerably weD, though she could not see him at aIL Once, when her hands were on his face, she said, with a quivering voice: " How hollow your cheeks are, father!" " I have been sick," he answered. " I wish I could see you." " "So —do not ask him, my child." But after all, it would have been better if she had seen him, for she imagined that he looked worse than he did. Indeed, there was nothing frightful about his looks now, but he thought there was, remembering his face as he saw it, for an instant, in the kitchen glass, when he was hiding in the old Welch house. » He talked with her calmly and quietly about bis execution, believing it better for her to un derstand now how inevitable it was. « Oh, father!" she said, " won't they let me die with you? I cannot live after you are gW " Yes* my child,'' said he, rousing up, "yon must lire—you will lire! I hare one great matter to leave in your charge—one great thing that I can leave in trust to no one else in the world." " What is it, father?" she asked hurriedly. "My good name—are yon listening Amber?' "Yes, father." "I deserve «cy punishment, it may be, for there was murd«r in my heart, not towards the man Saul Welch, but towards his father and brother. Some one else, murdered him, and the law won't wait to find out who. Amber, this is my last charge to you. Do for me what I cannot do for myself; track the real murderer—follow him—find him out, and clear my name before yon die. WiH you do this for me?" "ImUftOier—l will!" answered Amber, lifting her white face, taking upon herself this oath to carry till it should be fulfilled—then she could die. " Honaense!" said the- gaoler to himself, for 8t Cyr's earnestness had staggered him fo? a moment. " There can be no manner of doubt about the fellow's guilt. He tells the girl this that she may bare something to live for, and I don't know aa I blame him, for she would die without—that's plain enough." " One thing more I want yon to promise me," •aid St. Cyr, and she noticed that bis voice was growing faint and weary now., " What, father ?" "They will carry me to you. Bary me be tide your mother without looking at me, will you?" "Yes." It was growing towards morning now. They lay in each other's arms for some time without •peaking. Then her father asked: " Are yon glad I sent for yon ?" " Vary glad, father." " And you won't grieve too much when I'm gone?" "Fo." " This is one cold, hard world, and full of trouble. I wish there waa some one to take care of yon; I want you to be happy and good. I wish I could see Asa." " HI tell him, father, but Dency will take care of me. She has promised to be with me as long as she lives. I don't need any one else but you, father," and here she broke down utterly. "There—there, my dear child; it won't be one great while anyway. You'll come to mother and me soon, and then we'll all be happy again." Amber gave him her mother's Bible and then they parted. The gaoler said it was the hardest parting he ever knew, though he couldn't tell a word they said. All we know is this—that Amber bore herself as bravely as possible; but when the gaoler's ' wife was helping on with, her cloak and hood, all at once she dropped, and, before she could save her, fell to the floor. " Poor thing! poor thing!" said the gaoler's wife, chafing her cold hands, while he was hold* ing wine to her white lips. It was noon before she was sufficiently re stored to go home. Ev«n then, the kind-hearted gaoler's wife was unwilling to have her go. She was greatly interested in the lovely girl, and be friended her all in her power. Many a kindness did St. Cyr receive, in the days that followed from both the gaoler and his wife, for his ' daught.T-'s sake. It was quite dark when Daniel Hammer and Amber reached the little wharf on Duck Island, and neither of them saw the little boat that went scudding over the water when they reached Bushy Point; but they found the I house open and warmed ; Dency was not to be seen. Amber tried to thank the man for his kind- ! ness, but he would not hear her at all; one would have said that every word scorched him J like a burning coal. He seemed in a hurry to j go, and what was a little strange, he offered her no words of consolation —perhaps he thought they would seem like a mockery—nor ! did he shake hands with, or touch even her garments, from first to last. One would have said that he was afraid of her, only that he was just as careful and particular not to touch her father, and he could not have been afraid of him. He bade her " good night," and went out. Before he reached the wharf some one stopped him. A woman stood there, grasping him by each arm. He was startled for a moment. " What do you mean —what do you want, madam ?" said he, trying to unclasp her hands. "John Clark, is this you ? Tell me, for God's sake!" " Woman, are you crazy ?" " Remember the past! Yon know you can trust me. If it is.you, John, as I believe, give me some sign." "My name is Daniel Hammer, and Fm a minister of the gospel. I don't know who or what you are talking about," answered the man, coldly, and with one strong effort, throwing off her hands, he went swiftly to the wharf and disappeared. Soon after Dency returned to the house, and strange to say, the woman was in tears. As for Daniel Hammer, the only record that we find of him it that he returned to Haddam, and the next morning had a short interview with the prisoner St. Cyr, and being assured that there was nothing more thai he could do for him, left the place that day and was not heard from again. And when inquiries were afterwards made, no one knew where he came from or where he went to. He was supposed to have died soon after this, as no trace what ever could be found of him. Chapter XLV. THE TWTOTO-3EYBHTH OF ATKLL. Thb Inevitable brings in its right hand strength ; it offers you a certain bed to lie on, with hard, cold, iron bars underneath that will not bend nor break, and the name of the bed it—Endurance ; and you must lie on it whether you will or not. What we cannot escape from we must bear. God or nature, and the two are one, manage these things for us, as every inevitable evert of our lives has feelers and fore runners spreading out on every tide. These busy multitudinous hands draw under us un awares this bed —spread out for us this power of endurance, so that when the inevitable comet we have only to be still and we are held, we know not how or why. That which was im possible and unbearable at first, grows to be both possible and bearable at hut. We never 'die in these great crises of our lives ; we bear up under them strangely. Nature will not let us suffer beyond a certain bound—she inter poses a hard, rocky, substance, against which the sharp points of anguish blunt themselves; the acute edge of torture is turned back om it self; proud flesh gets into the wound and melts its fine sensitiveness, and we are no longer hurt as at the beginning. We get through the tore strait somehow, and afterwards look back and wonder how it was ever endured. So it was with Amber, What became of the days that fell between that night passed in her father's cell and the twenty-seventh of April* she never knew; but the days one after another came and fastened themselves together, and the morning of the twenty-seventh was there. All day long Amber never moved from her seat by the window, looking out to the sea. As the day wore on her arms fell across the window sill, and her head lay hidden in them. Once between the hours of ten and two, Dency saw her raise her head, and there was over her face a quick, white flame of anguish, that scorched the woman's eyes; but it passed before long, and the head drooped again, and Dency saw the face no more till the daylight was gone. Asa had passed a part of one day with St. Cyr the week before, and early on the morning of the twenty-seventh he went to Haddam again, and was with St. Cyr alone for an hour. What was said no one ever knew; but it was something that influenced Asa's life to the day of his death. He came out of that cell a nobler, stronger, better man. Years afterwards, when the time was full and ripe, he delivered to Amber a message that her father sent her through him, but nothing else was ever known of that hour's history. At half-past twelve Andrew St. Cyr was helped out into the gaol yard, and there suf fered the fall penalty of the Uv for the murder of Saul Kent Welch, committed on or about the eleventh of September, the fall before. Asa shook hands with him on the scaffold, saw that his wife's Bible wa» clasped between hit tied hands, heard him say : " Gentlemen, I am not guilty of the murder of Saul Kent Welch—these are my hut words." And then, utterly unable to stay longer, went and. hid himself till all was over. At half-past one the body was taken down, placed in a coffin, and .delivered to Asa Land, in behalf of Amber St. Cyr. So it was over. The law was vindicated and justice satisfied. The people breathed freer, and the world jogged on as before. It was after dark when the boat containing the body of Andrew St. Cyr came up to the wharf at Duck Island. Asa had hired some one to light his lamps that night, and he, with two or three other kind-hearted men, carried the coffin up to the house. Dency opened the door, and Amber stood up to receive her father for the last time in bit own house. Words of consolation were bitter mockeries now—like stones thrown at a dying dog, and no one of the rough men had the cruelty to offer a word to the pale, quiet girl standing there when they laid her father down. There was a strange solemn dignity about her that they oould not understand; one would hare thought that she was receiving a prince. It may be that she was; for who ehall say that he was not a brother of Jesus Christ and joint heir to the throne of the great I ax, though he had died a murderer's death. Did not Jesus Christ die even the same ? Neither Amber nor Dency desired any one in the house but themselves and their august risitor, and they all, even Asa, went away, though it went sore against his heart to leave them so. All night Amber sat by her father's side* sometimes longing to look on his face; but she remembered her father's desire, and her promise, and crowded the longing back. Dency sat by the kitchen fire, keeping watch of the girl in the next room. Once she heard her saying: " He said he would surely come to me again, and now he has come. Towards morning, Dency went into the room and found Amber with her arms lying across the coffin and her head resting above her father's heart. She looked in the girl's white face and saw that she was asleep, a sweet (mile just parted her lips. "He is with her now," whispered Dency, covering the sleeping girl with a shawl, and with soft steps she went out, leaving them together. Dency stretched herself on thtf settee, and in a few moments they were all asleep. It was the last time that they would sleep together under that roof. What if one was sleeping sounder, and would wake later ? It was still sleep, from which there would be an awakening in the ages to come, and not utter and everlasting death as some would have believed. "He is not dead, but sleepeth," should al ways be written above the place where we lay our loved ones to rest. They are tired—let them sleep. The next day there were quiet 'movement* about the house and out of doors. Strangers were there, not many bat a few". Dear Mother Land was there, and she cried most of any one. It was fitting th«t somebody should cry, since Amber could not. Asa took charge of matters out of doors. Men were there digging a grave betide Hester's, under the' two pines. The pines had grown lustily of late, creeping closer and closer to each other, as if they had something to hide and protect. They had a good firm foothold in the sandy soil, and they had to cut through some of the sturdy roots to make a place for the | grave. The trees were wounded; perhaps this caused the complaints they afterwards made. Just before the sun set a boat-load came across from Clinton, with the minister and his wife, and they hud Andrew St. Cyr to rest by Hes ter's side under the pines. Many a tear was shed when they saw the young girl follow her father out from the door and stand alone and uncovered at the head of his grave. A soft solemn radiance abode on her still, white face; the hut rays of the set ting sun lighted lovingly on her golden hair as she bowed her head when they lowered her lather to his last resting-place. There were no tears in her eyes or on her face. "She's wonderfully upheld," whispered Mother Land; " but the reaction will come br and-by." Before the stars came out the grave of An drew St. Cyr was filled with soil and covered over with sods. The boats went away before it was dark, leaving Amber and Dency alone. Many a kind heart on the mainland thought of Amber St. Cyr that night. How that their sense of justice was satisfied, they could afford to bestow their sympathies on the poor, lonely girl, bereft of everything that made life dear. Who shall say what Esquire Welch thought, as he sat till late in the night poking tha ashes in the fireplace with his cane ? The murder of his son had been avenged; but there was a child, half of whose blood was his, left father less and alone in the world by this act. Chaptib XLVL HOW ABA EKD HSB ASAIHR THB TIBS. To Amber the month of May was as utterly lost as if it had been dropped out of the year and left behind in the circling path of the earth. But May was then, and lie sun rose and set on its thirty-one days with the old regu larity, taking no note of sickness, sorrow or death. No sooner was her father buried and forever gone than the solemn calm that had held her in its steady fingers gave way. For two days she kept about the house, finding neither rest by day nor sleep by night; but on the third morn ing a sudden blankness and blackness cane be fore her, into which the entered and lost herself utterly. Dency listened'to her moaning and mutter ings, trying to quiet the fever that possessed her, watching anxiously for Asa to come. At noon he came, and Dency sent him for the old doctor at Clinton, charging him, if he valued the life of the girl, to return as quickly as possible. After this came weary days and restless nights, full of burning pains and miseries. All that she had suffered and kept to herself, the past few months, came out now. The doctor shook his head. " A bad case of brain-fever—a very bad case," he said, dis couragingly. Mother Land was there a part of the time, and Asa was there every day. Dency had no other thought, day nor night, but Am. ber—Amber—and how she should care for and cure her. She did not know till now how the girl had nestled into her heart, and she oould not bear to let her go j but there came a time when even she despaired of her life. She had grown quite still now—the old rest lessness that they had combatted so long was quite gone, but in going it had taken her life too. She lay a thin, white statue, scarcely breathing at all. The doctor went softly in, looked at her, sought the scarcely perceptible pulse, bent his head to catch the faint, irresolute breath that wavered between her lips—laid down the shadowy hand and came softly out again. Both Mother Land and Dency looked at him with questioning eyes. He shook his head, and clearing his throat, said: "It will be of no use for me to come in the morning; she will go out with the tide to night," and settling his hat on his head he went out. " Poor Asa!" said Mother Land, with tears in her eyes. Dency, remembering that the tide turned at midnight, as on the night that the girl's mother died, got up, and going to the bedside, sat down, hopeless and helpless, to watch the going out of another life in that room. Asa, warned by some instinct, got some one to take care of his lamps and came over before dark. He too went in and looked at her, and came out with a heart heavier than a atone. I The air of the house choked and stifled him. He seized his hat and west out into the cold night, walking with hot, desperate haste round I and ground the island, from tide to side and from end to end, stopping now and then to listen to the wild shrieking of the two pines over the graves of Hester and Andrew St. Oyr. What ailed those pines! Since the night that Andrew St. Cyr was buried there, dismal moans and mutterings seemed to come from the trunks of the trees, and when the wind arose and rocked the branches to and fro, sharp, thrill shrieks pierced the air, curdling the blood of those who listened. What was the matter ? Were the pines complaining Decause their roots had been cut to make room for a grave ? or was there something wrong in the hanging and burying of St. Cyr, that the trees strove to tell? In the meantime the tide was harrying oat. Dency sat motionless watching the sleeper, knowing that the life was going out, too—the life that was no longer measured by hours, but by moments. Mother Land stood by, with her warm fingers hud on the cold white temple, counting the last faint pulsations. Suddenly she saw the girl's eyes unclose and motioned to Dency to look. The pale lips were moving. Dency bent her head to catch the words* slowly uttered: " The tide it dragging me out — hold me — don't let me go ;" and then, again, after a little pause* anxiously and earnestly, " I promised father I would stay—l have something to do—the tide is dragging hard, you don't hold me fast enough." "Poor child ! what can I do?" said Dency, choking hard. " Asa, quick—he can hold me." How Mother Land ever rolled to the door so swiftly is a mystery to this day; but the next instant her voice went over the island. "Asa! Asa! quick!" He came running, white as a ghost. " She wants you," said Mother Land. He went to the bed-room, and Amber tried to lift up her arms, whispering : " Asa, hold me fast; fight the tide—don't let it carry me out." He passed his arms under her and lifting her up, held her fast on his breast, while his hot tears rained down on her face. "There—there—it don't drag so now," she whispered. The tide was at its last ebb, but Asa was holding her fast. No one dared speak. Was. bis love strong enough to claim and hold her now even in the very jaws of death? New strength came to him. In an instant his tears were gone. He understood—he braced bis feet—he was resisting the tide for her. No thing could take her out of his arms now. The last pulse of the ebb was still—the tide was quite out. " Wine,", whispered Ass. Dency held the spoon to her lips, for Asa dared not loosen his hold an instant. Mother Land thought she was dead, but Asa knew better. There they sat, moistening the white lips with wine, unable to tell whether she swallowed any or not, till the tide began to flow again. * Then there was a change. She opened her eyes once more, and faintly smiled. They could see that she swallowed wine easily, now. Presently she whispered, meeting his eyes: "You've saved me, Asa. Lay me down, now." So he laid her down, but the thin, white fingers clung to his arm, as if she was not quite safe. " Don't leave me yet," she said. There he sat till broad daylight, holding those little hands fast in his, but he bore himself bravely. God only knew how hard it was to keep back the sobs and tears. At sunrise the tide was setting in, full and strong. The clinging fingers undasped; the felt herself floating back to life. "You may go now," she whispered, and turning the poor face in the pillow, with a soft sigh fluttering from her h'ps, she fell asleep. He watched her a few moments longer, and then got up and went out, assured that she would live. Dency followed. " Go tell that doctor to come over now," she said. What a gladly solemn heart he earned across those sunlit waves that morning, he alone could teu. Chapter XLVLT. ASA TACTS THE VJLNTUJtI AWAY. ' But the coming back to Ufa was a slow, dis couraging task, and after all, would never have been accomplished bat for Amber's promise to her father. There were hours and hours when she longed to lay down beside him under the pines, but she knew that it could never be till her work was done, and she tried drearily and wearily to look her life in the face, having a presentiment that it would be long and lonely. But what of that ? Her work most be done, all the same. June was quite gone before she saw her father's grave at siL It was covered with a mantle of thick green grass, the result of Asa's care.* It was late in July before she could walk about, and then she seemed but a shadow of her former self. Her beautiful hair had been shorn away to make room for blisters and leeches on her head, during the terrible fever in her brain. What remained had been out short, and the whole now lay in soft, shining waves all over her head. Asa thought that it was more glorious than ever. It was a long time before a faint color began to steal into her white cheeks, and even then she did not look as formerly. There was a sad, patient curve to the beautiful lip, that was very touching to see; moreover, there was a quiet, steady self-reliant look in her eyes, as if her soul was girding itself for the work she had in hand. When August came she was gaining fast, and September found her comparatively well and strong. Now it was time for her to be about her work. Every hour's delay was added dishonor to her father's name, and she grew restlessly and nervously impatient. One night, as she sat with Dency in the gloaming twilight, hearing the sounding sea through the open door, she spoke of her father and his charge to her. It was too solemn and sacred a thing to be spoken about by daylight, and had never been in any way mentioned be fore. Now, however, she needed help, counsel and advice. Dency listened attentively, and did not laugh at her hopes and plans, as Amber half feared. She understood the secret of the girl's life and strength now, and knew it was best, in every respect, for her to be at work as soon as pos sible. They talked until late in the night, and before they retired their plans were laid. A week at the farthest would find the house on Duck Is land lonely a deserted. Dency was as eager for this as Amber herself, for the old roTing spirit had been stirring vigorously in her of late, and she longed for a change. The next morning Dency went over to Clinton to make purchases and arrangements for theft departure. A good, substantial dress, cloak and" bonnet must be bought for each, and two pairs of shoes apiece, besides numerous articles for their journey. Dency displayed a delicate and refined taste in her choice of materials and colors for Amber—for herself she did not care. The old house was a busy place for the next few days. Dresses and cloaks were fitted and made, and preparations went forward in a rapid but orderly manner. Amber had little time to ponder now, Dency kept her busy at the time. On the third day Asa came, and Amber dropped her work and went oat with him over the island. He must be told, and she could not tell him in the house. At last they came to a bit of smooth, gravelly beach between two rocks, where they used to build playhouses of pebbles and shells when they were two barefoot children playing on the wet sands, and here they paused, facing the sea. Asa leaned his tall form against a rock, idly pulling in pieces a bit of gay-colored moss, looking shyly at Amber the while. In truth, she was a pleasant thing to look at as she stood there, her face partly turned away, gazing thoughtfully out ta sea, planning how she should tell Asa what was on her mind. Her bonnet was off, and Asa noted with a fond eye how her hair had grown the past two months, rolling itself up into short, bright curls all over her beautiful head. How exquisitely lovely she was; too fair and too good for him, he thought, and the words he had come especially to say this day faltered and failed. Suddenly Amber looked up and met his eye. What she had to say she must say now, for if was growing harder and harder every moment. She moved a step nearer. "I «m glad you came to-day, Asa. There ft something I want to say to you." " What is it ?" he asked, leaving his place and going over to her. " Dency and I are going away from the island next week, and I wanted to talk with you about it before we left." "Going away?" repeated Asa, looking bis astonishment. "Yes, and shall not probably return for some time." Then, as far as she could, she told him their plans and arrangements, and why they went. Asa, filled with grief and dismay, tried his utmost to disuade her 'from going. He had oome over especially to urge herself and Dency to make Faulkland Island their home. Not that he dared hope or expect that Amber would content to be his wife for some time yet, but he wanted her where he could see and watch over constantly. This new plan fell heavily on him. But the girl was not to be persuaded or moved from her purpose at all, and becoming con vinced of this, he felt that the only way for him was to help her forward all in his power. She had said that her first duty was to her father, and not till that was accomplished could she think of anyone or anything else. They had a long, earnest talk. Asa promised to come over to the island, and in two or three weeks, while they were f one, to see thai the house and the graves under the pines were un molested, and Amber, in her1 turn, promised to keep him informed, as far as possible, of their position and success. Then Amber led the way to the wharf back of the house, and went aboard the Venture, which still swung at her mooring. The weather stained canvas, slack ropes, and grazed sides, told of neglect. The hand that was wont to keep her so tidy and trim, would never tighten a rope or bend a sail again. Amber felt this too keenly to utter a word at first. She did not understand then what she afterwards knew, that the Venture had been left he/ all this time only as an act of grace. Esquire Welch could have claimed her at any time, because of the gold his murdered son had paid to redeem her; but somehow, though he would have taken it from St. Cyr without any scruples whatever, he could not quite bring himself to take it from the orphan girl. There was nothing mean nor niggardly about Esquire Welch. He was will ing that the girl should have the Venture, to do whatever she pleased with ; he would, even now that her.father was dead, have been glad to have helped her in many ways, but the girl could never receive anything from him, grandfather though he was. Mathew talked once of going or sending after the Venture for himself, but Charity Grant shamed him out of that before he had time to get it fixed in his mind. So it happened that Amber remained in undisturbed. possession of the Venture. " Do you remember what I said to you about this boat last February ?" asked Amber, after she had been all over the little sloop, from the cabin to the forecastle, as if taking a final leave of the loved Venture. "Yes," answered Asa. " I wish you would take her home with you to-day. You see how she is getting out of re pair. She leaks considerably, Denoy says. It troubles me to see her so neglected and forlorn. It would not do to leave her here while we are gone. You lost the Lucky in my service, and the Venture belongs to you by right. Will you take her to-dty, for my sake, AsaP" " Yes, I will take her, and put her in the best possible condition, and will take as good care as I can of her while she is in my hands; but she will always be yours, and never by any right or reason mine." " She is yours and has been this long time, but we will not quarrel about that; all I ask is that you should take her away, and use her as you would if she was the Lucky. She will take kindly to you, and be grateful for your care," said Amber, her beautiful eyes filling with j •.tears as they went sadly over her shapely pro portions. When this matter was settled, they went into the house and talked over their plans with Dency; and it was arranged that they should go across the Long Island-first, where St. Cyr said he had landed the stranger the day that the murder was committed, and that Asa should take them across the next Tuesday morning, and leave them there to commence their search. An hour afterwards, Amber watched Asa as he cast off the Venture's moorings from the wharf, fastened his own boat to her stern, and shaking out the long-confined and dark-stained mainsail, drew slowly away from the snug berth she had occupied so many years. She rounded the island and went out to sea, that calm, sunny afternoon, slowly ,and re luctantly, as if she felt that she should never return to stay again. Asa stood alone at the helm, with a heart as heavy and sal as the Venture herself. Amber turned resolutely to her work, but it was some time before she could see olearly enough to put the stitches in the right places. " The sooner she's away the better, now," said Denoy, as she furtively watched the girl's unsteady fingers hurriedly moving back and forth. ITO BE COHTTNCXD.] j 