SOCIETY IN" THE SOUTH. . While upon the subjoot of the condition 'Southern sooiety, says tho Now York corr '., pondent of tho Daily Nows, lot me call y( attention to a case of vendetta whioh has ji .ooourrod in Tennessee, whioh has always li "the reputation of being more polished a highly oivilisod than any of the other sin States, except, perhaps, Virginia. Probab nothing more utterly barbarous than this ct .could bo discovered in tho anna's of Forsio .feuds. Tho remarkable feature in it is.n 'however, that Tennesseans should be vong ful and bloodthirsty, but that two faraili -should carry on a kind of private war for ov twenty years, and that fourteon men shou 'bo slaughtered on one side or other in co blood without a conviction of a murdor manslaughter over taking place In fact, t judicial inquiry into any of the murdo -except tho first one seems aver to have bt< made. This is tho story as it ia told in tl Louisville Journal ' Ia tho fall of 1840 a' family named Johnstons j moved from tho neighbouring county ot Wiutaug North Carolina, into Garter County, East Tenneaai \--and settled down in th« noigbboorhood of anoth .family named Bogers. Jobastono, who appeared to au energetlo industrions man, immediately went ? -work at dearing np a little farm. Ho felled tre« grubbed up undergrowth, burned stumps, and split rai to fenosin the greund. he reclaimed; from the wild« ness. In this labour he was assisted by two son« both were lsd«. While th« thrse were engaged erecting fencing about their patoh of land, Bogers roi mp to whore they were at work one day and laid claim a pile of rails, about, a dozen in number. ; This alai -Johnstone disputed, and Anally, on Rogers applying him tho epithets of " liar" and "thief," th« Hort "Carolinian pulled him from his hors«, and administer! io him a ssvero chastisement with bis fiatf. Boge wont od vowing vengeance, and in tho course of an hoi Tot urned to tbs spot armed with a rifiV, the' contents c which he discharged into the body ot Jonnstoae, pr< ductng fatal coneequenoes. Bogers, who was a man < . «me wealth for those primitive .times, and was po -sesead of considerable influence among his rough, ui lottored neighbours, was acquitted ot the chargo < «nurderby an examining justice. Thia was tho begli ning of the terrible vendetta that has run through tl years that followed, cutting; down tho males of the tw families in the pride of their strength and manhood. The two Johnstone lads vowed Teegesnce upon th -murderer of thoir parent, and ono of them. Thama workod night and day with but ona object in view-t .accumulate the means to purchase a rifle. At lengt io became the o »nor of en», and one Sabbath morning ?with his gun upon his shoulder, hs approached th louso of Bogers. The latter was sitting upon hi porch, snd as he saw young Johnstone approaching probably divining his intention, aroee hastily and atarte ?toward the reek where hie own gun was eutpondic But the avenger . of blood was open hi ,-path, and ere he could reach bis weapon b fell upon the floor a corpse, bis heart pierced by th« bullet of bis foe. Bogers left behind bim a young wif and three children, one et whom was a bey. Ameni -tho rough backwoodsmen of Csrtsr County joung John -stone'scrime was looked upon with satisfaction, if no favour, the Indian law of retaliation being looked upoi by them as the .ery cream ot justice. Aftsrwn" .Johnstone married, and as tbs years passed by ho be- came surrounded by an interesting and nnmerou {Progeny. The boy Willum Bogers in the meantime had ni mos ?reached manhood's estate, when ons morning, withou .divulging his intention to his mother or sisters, he lei the houso with bis father's riflo upon bis shoulder, ai i: lie were going out to hunt, and in less than an hour i grief-stricken mother and children weró weeping »rei "tho corpso of a slain husbsnd and fathtr. Young Hogon in his turn, had become an avenger, andThomis John ..tono foll beneath,his hand. In timi the memories of these three murdors died .war, and those who were children then grow up tc .mon and womon. William Bogers bad taken to him -soif a wife, and become tho head of a growing family. One morning he rode into Elizab'ethiown, and an he did apt return that night-a circumstance that 'had norer .occurred before-his wife became very .uneasy, and in tho morning Induced ber brother to etart to town io «earch of ber missing husbsnd. About tbrcs ' milos ./rom .the house he came upon the body of his brother. . in-law, lying ia the road, »tiff and cold in death. We brain bad been pierced by a riflo ball. Although hie murderer wes norer discovered, yet tho community .quietly accepted, the belief that Henry Johnstono, a eon of Thomas, who was slain by Rogers, was the parpe* trator of the deed.' 8ome years afterwards, in a ?drunkon moment, in Eliiabethtown, Ibis young man ..acknowledged he had slain ' Bogors, and gave aa hie reason that the latter bad killed his father. John- stono was a young man, and only a fe« months'before .tho murder h»d beon married to a young girl'in the neighbourhood. Again the chart of time Was unrolled, and st loss! ten years had been added to tbs past when a young lad, a son oí the murdered Hobers, engaged in an altercation 'in the yard of tho Court-house st Klimbethtown with .Johnstone, who was then a middlo-aued man, and in- flicted euch wounds upon him with a knifo that ho died .on tho folio« lpg morning. Thus it Went on for years, now a Jobnitone falling by tbs bands of a Hogers, and than a Rogón falling beneath the avenging hand sf a Johnstone, until tho war intervened, and for a time, at least, tho terrible feud apueared to have ended. The ceseatlen ot boiil aities braucht tho survivors of tho waning families bsok to Carter County. Thea» survivors csnsisled of Kendall Bogers sad. Robert Johnstone, both battle-scarred vete- rans, and both unmarried men. On the evening of the -Ctn, instant theta two men met id a grocery at Bllzabethto'wn, and soon became entsged io an alter- cation. Bystanders interfered, and foran hour or two a collision was averted. They wero 'Separatad by friends, and taken off in opposito dirac .lions. This occurred about noon. About 3 o'clock, as Bogers was going up the itreot ho sa» Johnstone .earning down. As they noarod each other they draw their revolvers, and commenced simultaneously firing -upon each other,' continuing to advanco as they fired. ^Finally, and when about four feot distance from John- stone, Bogers sank to'the pavement, and as he lay tho last act of his life was to'flre tho last chargo-in hie >pletol into the abdomen of Johnstono, whose las( bullet, ' tired at tho same instant, ponotrated his antsgoniel'a brain, causing Instant death. Johnstone rooted and foll .morass the body of his foe, and when biatandors rushed ' 'towhero they lay, he, too, bad paasod beyond all rcsoh .of monal aid.' Almost at the samo instant ot timo, -their two blood guilty souls'hud gone to join tho gory .ghosts ot their ancestors. Thus ended a fond that bas -existed for . twenty years. In tho coursa of. which ' "fourteen-mon have died violent deatbr. ¡ In Toxas, tho State judges and juries scorn 'to havo combined together for a sort of legal war on tho Unitod States authorities. An .offioor and two men who ontorod a houso lb inti rsult of the raurdaror of two nogroaa. woro a ie w wooka ago indiotod for burglary, but tho' é murderer was at ? orio'e acquitted. ' The last exploit of tho Stato judioiary ha* boen sn at- tempt to árrost General Hofntzolraan, who is in command of the . dlstriot, for refusing to gire up two mon whom he holds under., tho Freedman's Bureau Bill for offonoos against negroes. It ought tojbo romnrkod that to pass into tho custody of, a. Texan sheriff is too often only a roundabout way of boing deli- vered to a mob. Throughout the interior of tho State aman whoso offence is in any way peculiarly obnoxious to " thc citizens " bas a very small ohanca of a trial. Judge Lynch sits upon him in the street, and tho mob exéoutes him, tho sheriff and tho local bar often assisting in tho tragedy. Everybody who knows anything of the condition of the South acknowledges that, if tho military ' wore withdrawn, and Mr. Johnson's theory . of tho status, of the Southern States were rigidly aoted upon, thero would bo : neither in fact nor in form any protection whatever for negroes or Unionists. And yet to continue military government in time of poaoo is prac- tically to set aside the Federal constitution. The dilemma in whioh all mon who love jus .tico as well as liberty find themselves'placed isa very embarrassing.one.. The most likely road out of it is, I think, to be found in the theory whioh some lawyers of distinction have already begun to broach, that treason is any resistance to the laws on a great soale by whole communities, and that treason existing, Con- gress has tho power to establish speoial modos of punishing offonoos against tho Go- vernment. (I do not say that this construe.ion is not a strained ono, or that the adoption of . any suoh theory would not essentially alter tho cbaractor of tho Federal Government ; but when a Government finds itself compelled to choose botweon tho permission of a barbarous anarchy ovor half its territory, or the assertion of its authority under somo form of law, strained constructions are apt to bo made todo a good deal of sorvioe. 