GOLD HELD SKETCHES. FROM the "Saying, and Dengs" of Mr. Peter Pick in the Sydney Mail, we select the following:— MB. PICE OPXNB HIS SUBJSCT. ' lax the holder of a miner's right. Well, j what can 70a make out of that ? And yet iU a I deal, let me tell you. It makes a gentleman of ' me, gives me at onoe the genuine stamp of a ! legitimate tax- payer, and makes me a landed proprietor, and owner of half an acre of ground ' wherever I may choose to peg it out. Talk of ' your free selector, why he is nothing compared ; to the miner, who can go, for ten bob, upon any > Grown land, root about for gold' and peg out , his half acre for residence. There's no fear of 1 of his being brought up under the Vagrant Act, ' for there he is with his occupation, legalised by ! Government parchment, and his place of resi- > dence given to him as his own against all comers j by Act of Parliament. Its my opinion that we, and not the lawyers, ought to be called gentlemen by Act of Parliament. It don't always follow that because a fellow has a miner's right that he's a miner. I've known it taken as a blind many a time, by chaps who've been on some other game—making gold without the trouble of digging and washing for it. Well, you see, it knocks the police into a cooked hat, when they pull a fellow up; for he's only got to show his bit of parchment and he is all right. He is an authorised miner, has a legal residence, and is owner of half an acre block if he likes to peg it out. I ain't one of these sort. Pm a miner—that's the fashionable term now-a- days—though a bit ago, we weren't too proud to be called diggers. I like that name best. It seems to speak out more for a feller, and to say, " We're hard- work ing chaps, and ain't afeard of saying so." I began digging on the Melbourne side, and I've worked on a'most all the diggings there. I was kidded over here to the Sydney side by that precious Rocky rush, and "since then Pve been at all the rushes as ever set in from here. I was victimised at Rockhampton, made a pretty good haul at Kiandra; dropped into a pretty good claim at Tipperary Gully, after coming to Lambing Flat, got cleared out of every cent I had at the Laohlan, and sunk six duffers at Emu Creek 1 I didn't go to the Barrier, though I had everything packed up ready for a start, and' should have loaded up old Nugget—thafs my horse—on the Tuesday morning, when your paper came up to the Creek, saying it was all a hoax, and there was no gold, so I didn't go. And this just puts me in mind of a thing I may as well tell you, the miners always have a go in •t your paper. Perhaps its beeause its best established, and because men don't care about abusing what isn't really firmly fixed. WeD, now, with all my journeying and rush ing, you may reckon that I've seen a good piece of Australia, and had a look at most or the diggings in New South Wales. If I hadn't been pretty tough I couldn't Have done half I have done. I must have caved-in long ago. I fancy I must be a kind of mixture of quarts and ironbark, conglomerated and ease hankrood, to have gone through all I've had to face. Pve been floored by dysentery, bunged up by blight, and laid on the broad of my back by colonial fever. Tve cricked my A*ck, I—fthinl my leg, dislocated my arm, and Yokes my ribs. I've been carried two miles dsVn s> flooded, river, I've been closed up in a drive by the shaft cav ing in; I've been snowed up and frost-bitten ; I've tumbled down a thirty.fbot shaft; and me and my five mates fought it out underground In a drive with ten or a dozen Tips, in the dark, with picks, shovels, and quarts nuggets—and licked'em too! Tve stood a deal, as well as seen a deal, and if I ain't pretty well marked and tattooed, ifs a caution. Why, there ain't a mark or a scar on me that hasn't got a history to it, and a history that it wouldn't hurt none of my fellow-miners to hear, as perhaps it might give 'em a wrinkle. Then I don't travel about the country, as many chaps do, with my eyes shut. I look pretty well about me, and, putting this and that together, I fancy I can lay 'em on to a thing or two; and that's how I come to write to you, knowing as how my brother-miners read your paper in preferenee to any other, and' I should like them to see what a fellow has gone through in his *"*w. The closest shave ever I had was that time when I was blocked up in the drive. I was working at the far end—that saved me. Two of my mates were at the bottom of the shaft, drawing out the wash-dirt and sending it up by the windlass. The man at the windlass saw the earth giving way in the shaft and called out to them to take care. They bolted into the drive, but they'd no sooner got there than a large patch of the shaft caved in, bringing down with it about ten or a dozen feet of the roof of the drive. My two poor mates were buried under the fall of earth, and had the life crushed out of them before they could so much as groan. At all events I heard no sound from 'em. I heard the rush and the dull thump of the earth as it fell, and thought they hooked on the dirt bucket badly and let it come down smash. So I sung out, " Now, then! What the biases are ye up toP" I looked round, and the heart came into my mouth, and the hasty words I had used seemed sent back to me in mockery, for they hung about my ears as if unable to get away. There was no gleam of light to be seen, and I held up my candle to see what was the extent of the damage. I saw the earth agitated at one spot I went towards it, cleared away the dirt, and saw a hand working convulsively. I seized it, gave a pull, thinking I might perhaps clear the poor chap. Bless you, there were ten or twelve tons of earth a top of him, for imme diately after the first fall of earth there was a second and third, that brought down the wind lass and stage, and all but filled up the shaft. Of course, I didn't know this, but I began to take stock when I found myself shut up, and the first thing I did was to blow out my candle. I knew I should want every bit of the air in the drive without letting the candle consume any of it. It wasn't very pleasant sitting there in the dark, for I could do nothing, but I had to put up with it. The worst of it was that, with those two poor fellows lying there, crushed and dead, within a few feet of me, I couldn't help fancying that I should soon be with 'em. However, I plucked up a bit, when I heard 'em at work clearing out the shaft. There was no want of help. A thousand men would have been in and at it if there had been room enough for them to work. They did work, and no mistake, as I was afterwards told—going at it as only a digger can, and relieving each other every quarter of an hour or so. Well, I heard 'em commence at work, and heard 'em go on and go on, until at last it seemed to me they were going off further and further from me, and then I felt a queer kind of feeling not altogether unpleasant; and then there was a sound like little tinkling bells, and music like that made by harps, and then I suppose I dropped to sleep or something, for I reooUeet nothing until I found myself in my tent, with my mates as were left, and a long ghost of a doctor standing over me. "You've had a close shave," said the doctor, with a grin all over his face, and looking as if he wished there'd been no shave at all in the matter, but.tnat he'd had the cutting of me up, and the two guinea fee for the pott mortem. " Where's Tom and Bill?" I asked, but I knew precious well in my own mind that it was a settler with them. " They're laying out there by the side of the shaft. The Com missioner's going to inquest 'em as soon as you are right." "Right!" says I, " Whafs wrong with me ?" and I tried to jump up, but I staggered like a drunken man when I got to my feet, and should have gone over like a cock if my mates had not laid hold of me. I'd been six hours under ground and was nigh upon smothered. Folks said as they wondered how I'd pulled through, and it's my opinion that I shouldn't have come out of it as I did if Pd have let that candle burn another minute longer. That's one of my experiences, and Pll give you some more of 'em as I go on, besides telling you a bit or two of what Pve seen at different places, and describing some of the coves Pve met with. Rare rum characters I have come across at times, people of all sorts, miners, squatters, squatters' men and officials, swagmen and bagmen, loafers, cross coves, and highway men, I've seen a little of all of 'em, and if I can only keep myself at it, as I mean to do at present, though there's no knowing how Jong I may continue in the same humor, Pll see if I can't hit out a few sketches for you, to let the people know what the life of a digger really is, : and that it's a deal besides gold that he gets, j and that when he makes a haul he generally hat ! to pay pretty dear for it. j ON THE BOAS. ; A man meets as many queer customers when . he's on the road as he does anywhere. A new rush ain't a bad place for seeing of'em; but then there's suoh a crowd, that though you're right in the middle of 'em, you don't know so much 1 about 'em as when you meet 'em single-handed • on the mad and can read 'em off like a book. : When you're on tramp nearly every chap you ; come across has a bit of a yarn, more or less, j with you; and if it's at a camping-ground or a 1 public you get 'em right out in their true colon, ' specially in the publics when they're got a drop | of drink in 'em. There's some as tries to fix on ; jou like leeches, and won't be put off no way, ! only by making a poor mouth and asking 'em !to lend you a bob. Some of 'em fight shy of I you, fancy as they're on the right scent, and I nobody else, and in a fright that you want to be on to them. There s some as bounces, precious hard too; and there's some as gam mons, and jolly soft and mealy-mouthed they are. And there's some as palavers and as'll talk the leg off an iron pot; and there's some so everlasting quarrelsome that you mustn't say six words to 'em unless you're ready to strip and shape to 'em. There's some stupid, some selfish, and some a good shingle and a half short. I recollect once, as me and my mate were having a bange on the Southern Boad—we were going to Araluen, just to see how it shaped —we were taking a spell on the road side, sit ting on an old log under the shade of a stunning wattle that was out in flower, and smelt sweeter than a barber's shop, and having a comfortable pipe. Presently a tall, loose, slobbery fellow comes swinging np, with nothing about him but a big ugly lump of a stick that he'd out in the bush in his hand—no swag—no nothing —and not looking like a chap on tramp no ways. My mate was a regular wide-awake cove. As he used to say to himself, " I've done my seven year like a man, and let's see the chap as'll throw it up to me!" He takes only one look at the feller, and says he, " Ware hawk!" I knew what he meant, and so I lifts up my jumper, and brings my revolver case round to the front of me—not as if I meant mischief, but only as if I wanted to take off the drag behind, and revolvers do drag a few after a long day's tramp. My mate he p*ulls his revolver right out, and begins a fiddling with it, looking at the nipples as if he wanted to see as the caps were all right Well, up comes the feller, and he looks at us, and I a'most fancy that if we hadn't shown the kind of teeth we had, if it come to biting, he might have tried on some game or other. But seeing what there was, he just pulls up in front of us, and putting his hand into his pocket and beginning to fumble about in it—"mornin, mates! apt a match?" " Tea/ says I, and I gives him two oat of my box. You see we don't hand the box over for a foliar to help himself as you do in Sydney, because the ehanees are every chap as got the box would take half of what he found there, and put 'em in his pocket for another time. The long cove, he lights one of the matches, and puts it to his pipe, but I knew by the whistling the pipe made when he suoked at it, that there wasn't nothing in it. So he shoves his finger into the heel of his pipe precious hard, and screws it round and round, and then has another try; but it was no go—there wasn't a smoke to be got out of. Then he falls too, fumbling in his pockets again, but he didn't seem to find anything there, and he looks at us, under his eyelashes, not at me nor at my mate, but at both of us, and. says he, "Ootabito'bacca?" ' I looks at my mate, and he looks at me, and he gives me a kind of half nod. " Yes," says I; and I polls out half a fig of niggerhead, and I cuts off a junk big enough to fill his pipe. He takes it, and pulls it to pieces with his fingers r and when my mate see the way he did it, he gives me a look as much as to say, "I've got his measure." He told me after there's a par ticular way of cutting np tobacco with the thumb nail that's only learnt in the " regular " way, and you know what way that is—the chap fills his pipe and lights it with the other match I gave'him. "On the tramp?" says my mate—Sailor Jack, we used to call him, not because he was a sailor, but because he wasn't one, and hated the sea, and was always sick when he went in a boat. " Yes," says the feller, very cool, and looking sharp under his eyebrows at Jack. "A good job for you," says my mate " you ain't troubled with much of a swag!" Now, you see, a feller on trawp always has a swag. If he's a reasonable careful digger, like me, hell have his swag packed on a hone, or if he's a married man and tidy well off, he'll have his spring-cart. Anyways, if he's a poor devil of a digger, he's got his tools and his blankets, and his tent, and his grub, and he lumps 'em like a man. If he's a shepherd, he isn't so heavy loaded, for all he wants is a soogie bag and a blanket, and one of them big coats to keep him warm in winter and cool in summer. If he's a job man, he has his 'possum rug, or blanket, his shears, and his tea, sugar, and flour bags. So you see every man really on the tramp ought to have a swag—but this chap had nothing, and my mate twigged it as well as me. " No," says he, quite easy, and he takes a long pull of the pipe, and blows out a cloud of smoke, as if he liked my 'baeca, and hadn't tasted nothing like it for a good bit before. " No, it's packed!" and he looks over at Nugget I hadn't long had him then—perphaps wanting us to fancy that his hone was behind^ We stopped there smoking and yarning for perhaps ten minutes more, when I hears some thing, and I sets up my ears, and what should it be, but them little bits of voices that it does a feller's heart good to hear—a lot of kids coming along the road—"Hullo!" says I, "What's thishere?" "Your swag?" says my mate to the long feller. He nods his head, shoves the pipe in his pocket, and then says he " How far to tne next public?" " Five mile, good, says I, but there's a stun ning camping place two mile from here, a deal better than the grog shop." " I always stops at a public," says he, " You see I'm delicate, and has to take care of myself, and my old woman, she gets a job of scrubbing or washing, or something or other that pays the score, and I gets a feed and a rest, and so we manages to travel along pretty comfortable." By this time there was a woman coming round a turn in the road, not rery far from us. i She had a most everlasting load of blankets and tent on her shoulders, with a little chap, abcut eighteen months old, a top of all. There were ' five youngsters come tailing on after her, the eldest not more than twelve, and the youngest about four. Every one of 'em had a load, frying pan, billy, pick, shovel, bundles, some thing, or other, even the little four year old, poor little kiddy, who you'd think, had just as much as he ought to do to carry himself on such a tramp, had the tea and sugar bags slung over his shoulder. There was the woman and the kids all loaded like pack-horses^ and there was the big lout of a feller, strong enough to carry the kit of'em, swag and all, a walking along with nothing but a stick in his fist. I could see the woman easing the swag on her shoulder as if she was going to pitch it down when she got up to us, but the long feller sings out to her, "You mustn't spell here, Soph.," says he. "It's five mile to the next crib, and if we spell here, the kids won't fetch it at the next start." ' And with that he walks on, and the woman she settles her load on to her again, and goes after him, and the poor little kiddies, with hard working man-faces, as if they'd never played but had been tramping along the road carrying swags all their short life times, followed after the woman, and somehow I felt as they went past me that I'd have given anything if that long feller— and he was bigger and heavier and longer in the reach than me—would have said something to me so thatjl|might have had an excuse for pitching it into him. But, lor, if I had, his wife would have been sure to have took his part and to muzzle me too. "That there chap 's a philosopher," says my mate. " It's beautiful to see the way he makes the most of the blessings Providence has given him." A XKW BTTSH. I've been at a many rashes, big and little, bat I don't think that I was erer at tuch a wild nuh as thmt of the Tiachlan, or such a mad one m that of SockhampCon, or such a freezer aa that of the Snowy. Why, when I first went to the Laohlan, I give yon my honest word that I didn't think there was to many people- in all Australia as I saw gathered there. All sorts, shapes, and sixes—all going in with their head down, like a bull at a stockyard fence. It almost stunned me, and it takes something to do that. Have yon ever been at a nuh ? If yon haven't you ought to, for its a sight you can't guess at, and there ain't a picture as ever was painted that'll give yon an idea of it. Friths Derby Day, though, its a stunning picture, there's no saying again it —is just about as much like the real thing that you see on the Epsom Course, as a painting of a new rush would belike what you'd really see. Its the crowd and the con stant shifting and changing, never twice alike, however often or sharp you look. Its that that can't be painted. Just imagine a long row of calico stores and business places, with here and there some fellow doing it fat with a few boards that he's got hold of somehow, and thinking what a splendid show he's got. There's the storekeepers selling everything that's been on hand in some back store for months and years, and that was never expected to be sold to the end of time. Anotion goods—damaged by salt water—old stores, half mouldered into original dust, rusty ironware, damaged tinware, tea without flavor, and sugar without savour—and if that ain't rhyme, blow me! But there they are, selling away like one o'clock. If the chap as wants a tin dish talks about rust spots— " oh," says the padrone, "you're too dirty par ticlar you are—you'd better go next door— they've got dishes there imported expressly for shaving glasses—they're so bright,—go there, my man!" My word, they are independent otf a new rush! Just you go down to a butcher's and see what theyll do. There's the chap, killing away at sheep as hard as he can lick, with • mob of about three hundred standing round waiting their turn. Well, he kills the sheep, skins it, and with half a dozen licks of the cleaver knocks it into four pieces. They can't stop-to cut up the meat, you must take a quarter or nothing. " Here," says the butcher, " this is for yon; and this for you; and this for you!" "Can't you let me have a hind quarter ?" suggests the last chap, who has had a fore quarter of hot mntton, the muscles still quivering with the remains of the Hfe that was so recently in it, thrust into his hand!" " Why you jolly grumbler!" he doesn't say "jolly" but somethingelse, but thafs neither herenorthere." "Here, give it back!" and Cleaver whisks it out of his hand as sharp as he'd shored it into it.' "Them as grumbles waits till last; but if you'll call to-morrow, will have a pair of sweet breads for you, and pick out all the kidneys for you to make a pudding out of," and all the crowd round laugh; and as for the disappointed chap, why he doubles up and caves and dears out and goes home to supper on bread and a tin of sardines; or if he's a nuty customer, he gives cheek, but that ain't any good, for the crowd are too anxious for mutton to allow Cleaver to be interfered with, and he gets hustled and bonneted and elbowed till he finds himself at the outer line of the circle with no chance of mntton in that quarter. * Then there's the banks all buying gold, and the smart young fellows all working tike niggers. It's no joke, I can tell you, to dean gold. It's work just about fit for a navvy or a bullock driver, or some such strong piece of human mechanism. And yet these bits of slim boys have to do it, and work at it like horses, and stick to it like bricks, as they are, for it's only the pluck as carries them through. You've seen those smart, spruce, young chaps in the banks in Sydney, sitting behind books, as big as themselves, and looking as if they could not nit anything heavier than a pen if their life depended on it. Looking so clean and neat, and well dressed, and everything; but only, you see 'em here! no fancy work about 'em, half- stripped, with their shirt-sleeve* turned up to their elbows, and their faces as dark from the blowin', and as.if they'd been working down in a drive. There's the sweat running down and making gutters through the dust that covers their handsome mugs, till they get tattooed like New Zealanders, and till their own sweetheart*, let alone their mothers, wouldn't know 'em again, if they saw 'em. Then there's the shanties, lots of 'em, every where. Ho need to be thirsty on a new rush, if bad rum and arracky brandy will quench it How they contrive to doctor up the stuff they sell in 'em has always licked me; but, law! | fellows drink it and make no wry faces. It's part of the business to lioker up with old mates when you meet 'em, and if you grinned over your grog there'd be a muss to a certainty. There's the bar—a lot of unplaned boards, lying on barrels—and if s lined three or four deep, and the landlord and the barmen look red and hot and out of temper, and hand you the bottle to help yourself, and then rash off to serve somebody else, as if they didn't care whether you paid 'em or not, and had rather you didn't, so that they shouldn't be troubled. And there's everybody talking and holloing and asking about somebody that ought to have come and didn't, or somebody as had come and wasn't expected. And then in the middle of it, there's always the man who takes the one glass too mnoh, and then declares himself ready and willing to " fight the best jolly man on the rush!" He doesn't say "jolly" you know, though I put it that way to draw it mild. And then, as he generally manages to pick out the quietest looking man to have it out with, and as the quietest looking customers are generally the most dangerous, he gets a jolly good hiding—for the landlord and his men turn him and the quiet cove out as soon as the first blow is struck, and they have it out in the road, with a ring of about six feet diameter to operate in, and a mob about a hun dred y&rds; deep all round —he' gets his hiding and sneaks away, and goes to work with a pair of black eyes in the morning, and tells his mates how he " walked into about fifty of 'em," and how he knocked a few saucepans and an indefi nite number of pannikins oat of the fifty. But the time to see the shanties and the bars was the middle of the day, just after the shep herds came in. These were off duty at 11, and then they all came into the town. They were a rowdy lot, and no mistake, and how it was they didn't all kill each other, like the Kilkenny oats, has always puzzled everybody as ever see 'em. They went in mobs and shouted round. Perhaps you don't know what that means. Well, suppose there's a mob of eight—one shouts for the lot. They ba'l that off, and then another shouts for the lot; then another and anolher, until they get all round. They always got drunk at the fourth shout, and whether they took the rest or not it was always scored up against them. When they got drunk, they began to fight, and one fight was always the signal for about fifty others. One man was al ways a better man than some other man; or somobody else was a duffer or a shicer, or some thing still less complimentary, and less decent to write ; and about 1 o'clock you might find 'em fighting all over the town at the back of the stores and shanties, and their mates pretty busy in the crowd, pioking up things that were never lost, and putting their fingers into pockets that didn't belong to 'em. After all, for a real sight, the evening was the time to see the new rush. Everybody turned out in the evening and had a walk round; some with, a notion that a walk would do 'em good, some to try and find somebody they ex pected, some to see if they could meet anybody they knew, some to look about at everything in general, but everybody was there. And such a crowd! why, you had to push your way through in some places; and it is a rum thing that I've always seen in new rushes, that fellows always will stop to yarn in the narrowest places, and so block up the roadway. Perhaps it's because people are most likely to meet in the narrow places, and they stop and have their say out just where they meet. There's the real honest hard-working digger, with his trousers and singlet stained with day, from his day's work; and there's the new arrival, honest and hard working, too, but not yet got to work; and there's the loafer, not a bit too honest, and who never did and never will work hard, dressed digger fashion but you can see he was never down a shaft or in a drive, and that the only tool he ever handled was a stone hammer in the Government service. And there's the shep herds, with black eyes and damaged noses, looking like what they are—roughs and bullies, and decayed fighting men. And there's poor mnoomt harmless fellows that ought never to have come then at .11, who walk about help lessly smiling, and trjing to make people before that they are quite at home in the place, whilst everybody sees that they can't make it out and that they never will get to the bottom of it. And there s half swell* with boots and sashes and high Yankee hats, and laying to look like what diggers would be if they were acted at the playhouse, smoking black pipes that don't agree with 'em and looking out for a pitch into some line that's open to 'em. And oh! the din of Toices! Its like one great roar, and it rises and falls like the sound of the sea. Sometimes its nearly silent, and then there's a crash so 'that you can't hardly hear what a fellow says to you. Have you been in George-street Market on a Saturday evening when its very full? That's like it on a small scale, only you don't see the same diversity of character. And such bits of talk as you near a going along. "Hallo Bill! Who'd thoughter seeing^—"—"Twins, in a spring cart and not a drop of "—« Quicksilver that will take it nP» * you "—«Bink a duffer ." " Where's George ?"—Broke his leg over "—A frying pan and a tin dish "lt down a shaft and he found " " a slash* ing nugget, as big as " " the Elephant and Castle. He told me to write " " to the devfl. Do you fancy—" " I'm dead on the gutter .» That's about the sort of thing, and every body pushes and jostles and makes himself and everybody else hot and un pleasant. And the dust rises till you can hardly see, and there is not a breath of air stirring to freshen you. GOID-FTBLDS AOITATOBS. I* you take the diggers in the lump, you won't find a quieter or more easily-managed lot of chaps anywhere. They don't care one red cent about politics, and don't trouble themselves a bit about whose in office, or what laws are made. The Gold-fields' Act might as well be no Act at all for all they care about it or think of it, and-the Gold-fields' Regulations might just as well be written in water as in anything else for til they study them. It's only where there's a something turns up to prick a fellow that he asks about the Regulations, and what they say on the matter. Tour regular diggers may be driven with a packthread. Great big, strong, good-tempered feUows they are—all for hard work, and with no time to spare to thint about polities and such like. Make the law what yon like and they'll obey it. Give oat whatever Regulations you choose and they'll abide by 'em. They don't care a pin. It's as fair for Tom as it is for Dick, and Jack has.no pull over Harry whatever the Boles are. That's what they look at, you see, and so long as they all get fair play alike they don't care a bit what the rules and laws are. But then, you see, they are such quiet, easy-going chaps that those precious agitators, as you'll always find some of em on a diggings where there's maay men working, they get round 'em—but only some times. Most times the diggers aren't to be done no way. Lor, bless you, I've been at a crowded meeting of diggers with the agitators atalking and holloring themselves red in the face, and stamping and strutting till the sweat run down 'em again; and yet there the diggers sat laughing and amusing themselves with the exhibition that they got free gratis— exospt that the hat was sent round to pay expenses—but then them that didn't want to give nothing needn't. They smoked their pipes and enjoyed themselves better than they would 4iave done in a publio; and every now and again some of 'em would halloo out, poking fun at the chap as was speaking, or perhaps giving him a pat on the back like to keep him up to his talk. And then to hear 'em giving their opinions, " my word " •ays.one, "that -is the chap. He's got the gift of the gab." "Think p' that shicer -» gwing his opinion," says another, "What the does he know about it." "He's a reglw Phillydelphy lawyer" says another, " talk the leg off an iron pot." " Ah!" says another, " but that is the cove. It's as good as a play to hear him—the way he rolls it out" " It's some dodge then working " cays another, «that *s a long headed 7un, and he won't shove in his pick without he's sure of a prospect." And there they go on laughing and talking, but always talking of the agitators and speeohifiers in the most contemptuous terms. But whilst the diggers call these chaps all the muffs and shicers and duffers they can muster up, they don't know that they've actually been doing the work that the agitators meant 'em to do. " A fine meeting this, Mr. Pick," says one of these here agitators to me. Jolly polite they always are, mistering everybody, when a rough and ready digger calls you by your Christian name if he knows it, or if he don't he " mates" you, . "Yes," says I, "there's a goodish few in side." "And outside too, Mr. Pick," says he. " The street's like a fair, and I'm sure if the building was twice as big it would be filled." "Charge'em a penny a piece," says I, "to come in, and then see how yon'd thin 'em out. It's the cheap entertainments as brings 'em." "No," says he, "I deny it. They come because at last they are wakening up to the just perception of their rights. At last they see the grinding tyranny to which they have been exposed—at last they discover the neglect with which they are treated by the high-salaried placemen—at last they have risen in their might to show their detractors—" "Hold on, old feller," says I, "just you go up on the platform and make that there speech. It's a ripper, and you're a-throwing it away on me," and I turns round and away I walks. But then the way they work it—that's the primest part of the dodge. The newspaper, whichever it is, that is printed on the ground, or that comes most on to the ground, that has a stunning account of the meeting. It says all about what a large and crowded meeting there was—the hall choke-full and all that—but they don't say anything about its being a free enter tainment, and that the diggers went to it in preference to having their usual walk along the road. And then it gives all the speeches—how Mr. Jackson said this, and Mr. Thompson said that, and Mr. Smithson said the other, and that j the speakers were repeatedly interrupted by shouts oi approval. That's when some digger gives 'em a chi-ike by singing out, " Hit him agin, old man!" " Give it him, he ain't got no friends!" "That's the talk, old feller, shake him up!" "At'em again!" and all that sort of thing. And then the petition that nobody knew about, and that nobody cared about, is printed in the paper, and everybody is told that it was unanimously adopted by the meeting, and that it was signed by the chairman on account of the meeting, and that it was to be sent down to Sydney to the Government, or the Governor, or the Parliament, or wherever it's to. > And then you see the diggings' agitators come out strong. Of course there's a com mittee. There's always a committee of some kind about something on a gold-field where any of these agitators settle themselves, and if you look at 'em you'll always find the same men on 'em. Nobody else, always the one lot upon everything. They are universal geniuses these fellers and know everything better than any body else. Bless you, they can set the Regis trar- 3eneral right about the statistics of the colony, and can check the public accounts a deal better than the Auditor-General; their opinion on law points is a precious sight more valuable than that of the Attorney-General, and they often show whore the Judges have made mis takes. When they get into committee they go in a docker, with their heads down, and write to everybody that they think they can get au answer from. If they can only get hold of a Government letter with the red stamp on the envelope, and them printed words "On Her Majesty's Service" across the face of it, they take it in turns to carry it about, and to go everywhere with it in their hands so that every body shall see it. And they think their fortune's made, and they begin to see some chance of the billet that they're longing for, — for every one of 'em has got his eye upon some little billet that he thinks will just about fit him, and that he thinks he's just the only man on earth that would fit it properly as it ought to be fitted. " Hallo! Mr. ," says some feller, looking at the great big official-looking thing of a letter, as if there was some magic in it. "Got a letter from the Government ? " Oh, this," says he, as he turn it over and cocks up his nose at it, ai if he didn't think anything of it, and received dozens of 'em every day. "This is a despatch from Martin, or Wilson, or Parkes." Mind you it isn't the "Attorney-General," or the "Secretary for " Lands," but it's "Martin," or "Wilson," as if they were bosom friends with the one or the other, and "Dear James-ed" the one, or "Dear John-ed" the other, "I wrote to say" the agitator goes on, " that so and so, and so and so —and Wilson or Martin has written to me to say so and so, or so and so ♦". And the poor great moon calf of a digger opens his eyes and his mouth, and thinks to himself what a ripping clever feller the agitator must be to work himself in amongst the big wigs in that style. And yet in nine cases out of ten the digger who lets the feller walk round is a better man in every way than the agitator —better morally, socially, physically, and men tally, I never knew but very few real right down, honest hard working diggers as were agitators ; but I have known some, though they have been very rare. Those chaps amongst the diggers that have gone in with the agitator, have been straightforward fellers as thought what they was doing was right, and in a good many cases, fellers have joined 'em merely to hear the sound of their own voices. They got the gift of speechifying, and couldn't help going in a buster every chance they got. I knew a first rate little fellow—he was a mate of mine one time—but he had the bump of speechification very strong, and if ever there was a meeting he'd be there to spin his twister. The dodgers knew him, and they always used to make him . right by givinghim a resolution, as they called it, to move. That gave him the right to go in his docker, and that put him on their side at once. " Joe," says I to him one night, " what an everlasting donkey you made of yourself in that speech of yours." " I know it," says he; " but you see they sold me by giving me that resolution; and upon my life I didn't know how to work round it," Now he's a sample of what I call the donkeys that the agitators get to work their mill with. Then there's the honest chaps as go in for pria ciple. They may be wrong, but they tbink they're right, and I haven't a word to say I against them, for I respect a man who works on principle. But there's very few of them, for, as I told you before, the diggers in the lump/ don't care a button for politics and laws, andfau that sort of thing. x The t regular, right down agitator is very seldom a digger. Sometimes he's a publican, and he takes up the line to bring custom to his house. That's the way the Lambing Flat row* were got up. The oommittee used to meet m a public-house in Tipperary Gully, and the more people came to the meetings the more bar practice there was. 80 you see how that . worked. Bometimes he's a kind of Johny All sorts, —sells hop beer or other drinks, that's sm to give the poor devil who ventures on 'em the belly-ache, and to send him to a doctor. Or he> does agency, writes letters, and gives advice to fellows who are thick-headed enough to fancy he's clever, and acts as a kind of lawyer without the sanction of law—and precious messes he generally manages to get the chaps into that go to him. Sometimes he's a kind of newspaper outsider, just enough of a newspaper man to be able to say, " I write for the Tiwtet or the De^s; Newt" or whatever it may be. Those are the chaps that generally manage to work it best. newspaper writing. Why, I knew one of these fellows who got to be aG.P. S. It was Charley Cowper did the! ■ —more's the pity—for he ought to have known bettor—he ought. Now, though he's got e> good billet, he can't keep himself quiet, bat goes on at his old game of agitating, though he takes precious good care to keep it dark, and he works his little game, as he thinks, without any body knowing it, although its as well known as if he puts his name to the foot of all he writes just the same as I do. Sometimes the agitator isn't anything at afl, and then, in that case, he does hit out and no •mistake. He don't spare anybody. He's always very hard upon officials, who take money out of the people's—out of his—pocVets, to pay them selves for doing nothing. This sort of chap is very great in the bars of public-nooses, for ho knows he is always safe to be treated to any number of shouts when once he gets set going on the wrongs of the miner undar the present system, and on the general contentment and prosperity that are sure to follow when the men whom he and others are endeavoring to bring forward shall have the management of affairs. He is on the look-out for anything, and would accept even the smallest fish and loaf of official ism. He will do the dirtiest of electioneering* work for the smallest consideration. Do what you will for him, you will never make him grateful, but this is a failing that he hasm common with all other agitators of every degree. No matter who may take them up, pet than, I pat them on the back, provide for them, when the fit comes they turn upon those who have been their best friends, and would sacrifice everything before the idol of agitation. These agitators are regular nuisances on » * diggings, and there have been times when me and others have half made up our minds to have a go in at some of these chaps and tar and feather 'em, in the hope that they'd clear out. But then you see, there's the law. We don't like to go agin that; but if they'd been in Californy, I know pretty well how they'd have been fixed. But after all, it's more the fault of the Government than of the men themselves. There was Charley Cowper used to pet 'em till they got so stiff they didn't know how to bend, and John Robertson used to write 'em regularly when he was in office, so that they began to fancy that they really had some power. They first of all gammoned Cowper into believing that they were some pumpkins, and went on gammoning until they were gammoned them selves. I suppose now they are trying it on with the present Government. They won't have such an easy job with this Ministry as they had with that of Charley Cowper; and I only trust that they won't be able to make a job at all out ef 'em. I know this, that the regular hard-working miners often wish these fellers at the bottom of a fifty-foot shaft; and the Government would earn our everlasting gratitode if they'd keep on taking no notice of these chaps; and then when they found that the trade of agitation didn't pay, and that there was neither money nor honor to be made out ef i it, they'd precious soon drop it, and we should be rid of what has been so long a nuisance to I others as well as me. Recifis tor Authors.—As everything is now worked by machinery, it is not surprising that a " Hand-book to Literary Success " should* be talked about. Having been favored with a> glance at the pages of the coming volume, we > hare much, pleasure in making a few extract* for the benefit of those of our readers who are fond of " writing." How to Write a Sensation Novel. —Take two breaches of the seventh com mandment, and one breach of the eighth, and mix well together. Throw in a few dolls, % soupqon of sermon, and serve up with a handful of (well-paid-far) allusions to expensive shop keepers. Ditto Nautical.—Proceed a* above, but introduce a sea fight and an assortment of naval terms, such as " lubber," " marling-spike," Ac., Ac. Get your seamen from Surrey melo dramas. Ditto Sporting. —Same ar Sensation Novel, but flavor with " honey " slang and anecdotes about popular jockeys, &c.;, called from the pages of BelVs Life in London. How to write a New and Original Comedy.—Take a French play, lightly translate it with the aid of a French- English dictionary and an English- French grammar. Then throw in a few English names, and remove the immorality that float* to the surface. Serve up with two or three national " d ns," and a little saiux a la potter. How to Create a Successful Burlesque. —To three ewt. of childish doggrel add a load of music- hall tunes. Dish up with this mess a dozen " break-downs " and about forty acrobatic antics, suggested by a visit to HanwelL Puff well in the newspapers, and serve up hot with plenty of low-necked dresses and hundreds of well- displayed legs. — Tomahawk. Spake Miottxs.—Spare minutes are the gold dust of time. " Sands make the moun tains, moments make the year." Of »H^iw> portions of our life the spare minutes are the most fruitful in good or evil. They are gaps through which temptations find the easiest access to the garden of the soul. 