AcToI- roa MfALICIOts P1n'osI:CUTIo.x.-OwsRm s0m1 or RAItcEionsrs.-Thle ose of Di0kson oud wife . Yeeomans, now in course of trial before tile Chief Justice aud a jury of four, is tile most etrongly coutested case of the kind hllat has been tried in ltjs colony. It Ihas already lasted five days, and does not aplear to be half over yet. It has arisen out of a series of disputes relative to the ownership of certacuin racehorses, which disputes have been repeatedly before the public in various ways during the lastyeavortwo. The present action lhas been based upon the prose cution of Mrs. Diekson, at the instance of Mr. Yeo mane, for having stolen the racing mare Zenobia and tile racehorse Kildare. Yeomans has got possession of these animals under a bill of sale from Miss Dick son, thie plaintiff's daughter, as security for certain advances which he had made to hler. Mrs. Dickson claimed these horses as her own property, and main tained that tlhat fact was known to Yeomans, so that even ifthese animals had been included by the daughter in the bill of sale (which Miss Dickson denied) such inclusion, as Yeomans must have been aware, was un warranted. There had been proceedings and counter proceedings as to this matter of ownership, and Mrs. Dickson finally caused tile two horses to be taken forcibly out of thie possession of Yeomans's training groom bwhle they were being exercised. This seinure had, it was said, been made under legal advice. Mrs. Dickson was present at it in person, and read some paper jusotifying tis tep. Some little time elapsed before it could be discovered where the horses had been taken to, although thie detective police were enm ployed in thIe search. Information was however ob tained for reward, and thie horses were found at the stables of a person named Cunninghame, a cab-pro prietor, at Potts's Point. Both animals were painted so as greatly to change their appearance. Mrs. Dick son and her daughter and others who were found there were taken into custody. But it is only the proceed ings in reference to Mrs. Diekeon which are in ques tion in this action. She was taken before the Police Court, and, on thie prosecution of Yeomans, was com mitted to take her trial for stealing these horses. Bail was obtained with some dificulty, objections having, it was said, been raised to the names of thie persons tendered, aid even-on thie ground of its being race time, and the horses being liable to be again seized against the alleowance of any bail. lMrs. Dickson was tried at thie Central Criminal Court, before Mr. Justice IHrgrave, on an indictment containing counts, both for stealing and receiving. The jury found her guilty of receiving, but added an expression of their opinion that sie believed thie horses to be her own. The Judge treated this 0sn convuriction and passed a sentence of two years' imprisonment with ihard labour, but reserved a question for tire full Court as to tIhe effect of the verdict. Two months elapsed ere this point was decided; thie full Court then hIeld that the verdict was really one of acquittal, and quashed tihe conviction. But in tlhe meantime Mrs. Dickson had been in gaol, and it is for thie injuries in mind and body by this prosecution and imprisonment, as well as for expenses (said to be over £600), inceurred for the purposes of defence, &c.;, that the present action has been broughit. Damages are laid at £2000. It is evident fron what hias already passed, that there will be a great deal of cross-seearing in this case. Indeed the former contest between tirese parties, and in reference to the hiorses of which they both claim the ownership, afford an assurance that such must be the case. There are recriminative charges of various kinds--windling, forgery, perjury, and the like-and a great deal of very strong feeling is evidently involved. Tile plaintiffs charge tihe defendant with having schemed to get possession of these horses for less than a third of what he had himself offered for them and what Mrs. Dickeson had refused; and with having resorted to those criminal proceedings in order to accomplilsh his purpose more effectually. The defend ant, on the other hand, denied that he hlad ever offered to buy thie horses, and maintained that his own proceedings have been bona file, the horses having been really made over by Miss Dieksona, as her own (as hie believed them to be), to secure advances wrhich hre had made to her, and have never been repaid. Tihe horses were allowed by thie magistrates to be raced while the proceedings were still pending, and since the trial of Mrs. Dickson they hare been giveron up by thie police to the defendant, nwho still has them. Mr. and Mire. Dickson Ihave undergone very lengthened and searching exanrinations and cross-examinations, and it was stated in court by Dr. Dickson that tihe formner has ever since been seriously ill from the trial to thie nerves on that occasion. Thie case excites a great deal of interest amorng sporting people, and the court has been crowded during most of thIe time it Ihas been going on-so much so, in fact, as to render the atmosphere of tihe court room anything but healthful or agreeable to those who are compelled to remain in it, and to choke up thie passages in such a way that itie diflcult to pass in or out.-r . H.lerald, August 30. That never-ending case of Miss Dickson ard her horses has come to the surface again. On Wednesday the lady had a final enxamination at tile Sydney Police Office~pharged with having stolen a horse, the property of Mr. . E. F. Regan, in Mareh 1866. The case was of the usual kind, and ended in the usual way. Regan was at Burt's repository on the day mentioned, and his horse was standing near, when Miss Dickson drove up in a hansom, and two men rushed forward and seized the horse-one of the men holding Regan while the other mounted thie steed and rode off, Miss Dickson saying tlat the animal belonged to irer. The Magistrates declined to treat the case as a felony, and "Mary Workman Wallace, or Dickson," was dis chlarged.-Courier's Sydney correspondent. Du. LAN.--In his speech, in moving the second reading of the Triennial Parliaments Bill, in the Legis lative Assembly, Dr. Lang stated that the present is the last Parliament of which ihe will be a member. It is understood that thie politicsl position of the reverernd gentleman is regarded with dislfavour by tie Presbyte rian General Aisembly, but it is well known that Ie intimated to his friends, before that body was called ilto existence, that it was his intention to retire from public life at the termination of tile present Parlia ment. Dr. Lung has been a member of nine different rrpresentative assemrblies since 1843, Ihaing in tlhat year been elected for the first time for thie district of Melbourne.-Empire. A most formidable busrasnger named Thomas Tan ered was arrested by the Penrith police on Monday, and brought to Sydney on Tuesday night. He appeared before Captain Scott yesterday. HIis age is eight years, and he weigls about 56 Obs.; height, 3 feet 4 inches. This meek-looking chlild a few days ago stole a horse out of a paddock at Redfern. He took it home, arnd there got htis father's saddle. Tihe manner in which hie put thIe saddle on was in this way:-" I got a chair and put the saddle on, and then I buckled the girths and got on." Away he went, with threepence in hris pocket, and got to the Blue Mountains, sixty miiles from Sydney. He told tIhe turnpike-keepers that he was going to :is father at Batlhurst; that le had plenty of money, and would pay all scores on hIis return. He put up at soveral inns on thie road,and was provided willth accommodation for "man and beast" gratis. He was a phenomenon on thie road, a sort of miniature John Gilpin. His exploits coming to thie knowledge of tihe police, he was pursued and captured. His father, who was in court, said he could not naccount for this strange freak of hIis son; but the charge of horse-stealing was pre ferred against him, and hie was committed for trial. E.ph'e. ExaoenOnsnAur DrscLOSUREs B A GIraL.-One of the most remarkable instances of physical endurance on thIe part of a child, which has perhaprs ever been disclosed, was brought under thie notice of Mr. Sturt, at thIe City Police Court, yesterday. A gentleman named Mlr. Stanier Stout, made an application to the magistrates regarding a little girl who accompanied hIim. Ie stated that, on tie previous evening, hre was attending service at St. James's Church, whlen thegirl entered hIris pew. During thie prayer thle girl knelt down and cmmenrceed crying. lie asked ler wlat nwas thie matter, and shie stated shre ihad no home, and was without friends. On questioning herfurthlere she told him ithat sre ihad been deserted by iher father at Dayleeford, and that she had afterwards walked all the way to Melbourne. lMr. Stout brought tie matter under tile notice of thIe Rev. iMir. Beecrer, and they procured a bed for her for the night. He now asked Mr. Sturt whethler the girl could not be sent to the Industrial School. The girl, who stated that her iname was Annie Little, was placed upon a chaor to enable lri. Sturt to question hlier. Sire appeared a cleanly child, and Iad an intelligent face. She was dressed in a red merino frock, and nsore a straw hat. Hier hair was done up in a net, but on removing her tut it was seen that thie hair had beuen cut quite close to tee head, nrd this she afterwards explained lod been done by hier father. Mr. Sturt carefully ques tioned hier, and as her statement was of such an extraordinary chlaracter, hIe several times caroutioned hier, but she persisted that she ers speaking the truth, and rigidly adhered to her norretive. She stated that hlier father hIad lived near Daylford before hie deserted hler. They occupied a tent made of stull like hier cape. (The cape rwas made of coarse calico.) It took about a day to go from thie tent to Daylrsford and back. Her father made brooms, but when he got any money ire spent it in drink. No one lived near tlemn but a woman named Brownson. Her mother was dead. Thie mother lndl died before her father deserted her. One day her foler was drurk anrd ire struck her mother oni thie head with a stick. Hler mother told her and her sister tlhat if she died their father had been the cause of it. Her mother died the next day, and her father bouried her in a box near the tent. Dogs came to the spot in thle night, and she used to have to beat tlhem off with a stick. Her father afterwards took up the bor and buried her mother in another place. She did not know where. A long time after this hlier sister also died. Her father used to go to Mrs. Brownson and get money, and come home drunk. One day when he was drunk he cut all her hlair off. After that he left her and she came to Melbourne. She had been in Mel. bourne a fortnighlt, but could not say how long a fort' night was. She followed the wires (sapposed to be the telegraph wires) until she came to Melbourne. Some people had given her bread and some had given her money. One woman washed her frock and apron. Since she came to Melbourne she had slept in the cemetery. Mr. Sturt: "In the cemetery; why were you not frightened of ghosts I" Witness: " I never heard of them things." She continued to say that she had left the Cemetery because the men threatened to send her to prison if she came there again. She afterwardssleptin "the Exhibition." Someonetold her it was the Exhibition. She went in the church to be out of the rain. Since her father left her she had never seen him and did not know where he had gone. She saw him strike hier mother with the stick. There were lots of trees where they lived. She was certain it was near Daylesford. After cros.question ing her for some time, anid failing to shake her state mest in any respect, Mr. Sturt said he would send her to the Immigrants' Home for the present, where she would be cleaned and cared for, until he had time to receive an answer from Daylesfird. He would pay for any clothes she required, and see that she was well treated. The girl thanked Mr. Sturt and expressed her willingness to do any work if she could get it to do. She was afterwards sent to the Home, and will remain there until the police have had time to inquire into the truth of hler disclosures. Extraordinary as it may appear, she spoke with such apparent truth that it is hard to think that one so young could hase invented the whole affair. If it should prove true in the main points, who can tell but that another hor rible and hIitherto hIiddec crime will be brought to light ? Daylesford is eminently noted for similar mysteries.-Age, August 23. Thle extraordinary story told to Mr. Sturt, at the City Police Court a few days since, made by a little girl, who stated shte hlad walked to Melbourne from Dayleeford, turns out to be an entire fabrication, apparently the fabrication of a disordered brain. Inquiries were insti. rated by the police, and it was discovered that the girl wasa identical witll one missing from hter friends, a re spectable family in Melbourne. Her parents are eighly respectable, and state that she left home on Wednesday, at about 7 o'clock in the evening, because she was afraid of being scolded for some fault. Some months since she suffered from fever, and her mothler then cut off her hair, which accounts for its being so ashort. Tihe most obvious way of accounting for her conduct is to suppose lthat she is still suffering from the effects of the fever, and that being a very imaginative child, very fond of desultory reading, eshe concocted hier etratordinary earrative upon no other foundation than her own dis ordered fancy.--dge. The great obstacle to the formation of a new Minis try, is, of course, the difficulty of carrying on the business of the country without an Appropriation Bill. His Excellency is averse to the adoption of the plan of confessisgjudgments, and we believ that both Mr. Higinbotham and Mr. Fellows agree that in the absence of an Appropriation Bill there is no other mode of paying the public creditors. The Governor, it is said, does not question the actual legality of this course, but contends that it was never the intention of Parliament thus to appropriate the revenue; that to do so is, in fact, to take the whole of the power out of the hands of the Legislature, and to transfer it to the Governor mand the Executive; and that although this may be legal, it cannot be regarded as constitutional. On the part of the present Ministry it is, we believe, admitted that the Act apparently gives the Govern mect of the day great power, but it is contended that thlis power lies in effect with the Legislative Assembly, because that body can always displace any Administra tion which abuses the power entrusted to it. If the present Miinistry retain ollic a short prorogation will in all probability take place, after which the Appro priation Bill in its present shape will be again sent to the Upper House, and should it be again rejected his Excellency may be inclined to take the opinion of the country upon the question.--Melbourne Argue. The members of the Executive Council have deter mined upon wearing a uniform upon State occasions, in accordance with the terms of a despatch from the Earl of Carnarvon. It is understood that this step has been determined upon in anticipation of the pro jected visit to this colony of H. R. H. Prince Alfred. \--Ibid. (It was stated in oar telegram of Wednesday last that the "Civil Service" intended to adopt a uniformn. This, as we imagined at the time, mast have been an error on the part of our correspondent.-Q.T.) 