THE ART OF FORGETTING. ( From the Saturday licvicw.J Whatever is worth doing at all, we were all taught in our childhood, is worth doing well. Now there are few things which wo have more frequent occasion to do thau to forget, and few tilings on the skillul doing of which less attention has bpen bestowed. Yet between the extremes of good and bad forgetfulness there is as great a difference as between sound sleep and feverish lethargy. What can be more delightful than the sense of lightness and freedom of mind which one enjoys when a mass of troublesome details have beeu fairly thrown to the wind? "Making a clean breast of it" is an impression which might with much greater force be applied to a good "in vigorating plunge into Lethe than to any pouring out of one's troubles to somebody else. It is true that the latter is often a necessary pre liminary to the former process, and in that case the sooner it is performed tho better. On the other hand, badly executed forgetfulness is the plague of one's life. A clumsy letting slip of the very thing one wanted to retain is, as Solomon says of confidence in an -unfaithful man, like a broken 'tooth and a foot out of joint. But this is a case of abuse which -proves nothing against the use of that power of summary dismissal which is one of the most precious prerogatives of our dominion over our own thoughts. Indeed, we are inclined to believe that a judicious and liberal use of that preroga tive would tend to lessen the danger of involun tary and awkwaTd forgetfulnes. If you try to carry twenty things nt once, of -course you will let some of thein fall ; and surely it is well to tako the matter into one's own hands, and deliberately lay down the most worthless of one's mental possessions, if by that means one can make sure of retaining those which may turn to profit. It is true that the nature of memory is so far from being yet fully understood that there is room for wide differences of opinion as to the best manner of dealing with that capricious and troublesome faculty. Some people consider it as an edifice in which every thing added is so much clear gain, and every stone taken away is u dead loss. Others think of it as a receptacle into which whatever is thrown occupies a certain amount of space, virliich in nine cases out of ten might bp>-turned to better account. Perhaps the best/comparison for it may be found in the various processes of nutrition which we see going on in living beings, in which too large or too small a supply is alike, if not equally, injurious. But everybody must agree that memory, like alt our other faculties, has its limits, and that, whether we will or not, we must forget somehow ; aud it is therefore im portant to do it as well as possible. A bad forgetter may forget too often, or too irrevocably, or indiscriminately, inopportunely, or partially ; or he may forgot what is important, aud re member what is trivial ; there is no end to the various blunders which may be committed in uncultivated forgetting. It is hard to say whether it would be the greater calamity to lose the power of forgetting or that of remembering. Everybody is ready to commiserate the loss of memory, but to lose the power of getting rid of unpleasant recollections would be a yet more grievous misfortune to many people. It is a faculty of which we are constantl' availing our selves, and to which we owe a great deal more than is commonly recognised. How much of the enjoyment of a summerHioliday arises from the gradual washing off Mim the mind of all the dusty details of the months spent in London ? Country pursuits and the beauties of nature no doubt have their charms, but We ar6 much mistaken if oblivion has not a yet larger share ip the renovating effect of tho vacation. Indeed, one of the most trying results of over-fatigue and nervous exhaustion is to impair that beatifu! slipperiness of surface which a healthy mind possesses in common with tho plumage of waterfowl. Nobody ought to return to work till it is restored, partly by disuse. of that pernicious habit of remembering engagements which lias too often been contracted during the season. There are various trite and wise sayings about the importance of letting no day pass without a line — -without something dene or acquired. To these wo. would add that no day should pnss with out something being dismissed ; it is as much a necessary for the mind a9 for the body tfiat the dust of each day should be washed away. And since something will surely slip away each day, would it uot be well to take advantage of tho necessity as affording the means of practice iu the art of forget ting ? It would be a fine tiling to have acquired entire control over that functim of the mind, so that whatever was done with might bo consciously aud finally dismissed, and laid like a ghost in the Red Sea. The provoking thing is the way that recollections have of disappearing for a time, and emerging again just as they are not wanted. Or sometimes they will retire to tho half-cleared regions in the outskirts of consciousness, ani there lead a sort of will-o'-tlie wisp existence too vague to be of any use, but tantalising and mis leading to their former owner. Then, ogain, they will sometimes play a sort of hide-and-seek, slipping out of sight just when one wants to lay one's hand upon them, and diving deeper into the recesses of one's mind for every effort one can make to recall them. Or a fragment of a subject will disappear, leaving a mutilated and useless remnant behind. All these vagaries would bo sternly checked by a proficient in the art of for getting. What was once banished from the mind would remain in exile for ever, unless recalled by the clemency of the despot. Chambers might be set apart in the mind for the reception of ideas only temporarily discarded, where they would be kept under lock and key till required. Others would remain within call, not obtruding themselves unasked, nor yet wandering beyond easy reach. When this degree of skill in forgetfulness had been attained we should rilwnys know what was, and what was not, forgotten. One of the greatest disadvantages of our present clumsy method of proceeding is the uncertainty which hangs over the history of tho way in which the mind has dealt with a subject, leaving one in doubt whether what remains is the whole or a part — and, if a part, what proportion — of the original story. If every act of oblivion were consciously performed, we should not run the risk of putting forward imperfect versions as though they were complete. Besides the many conveniences which would follow from a more methodical and definite manner of forgetting facts, much might be said on the advantages of a thoroughgoing way of of forgetting feelings and people. We are not advocating any form, however mil J, of incon stancy. It is a question, not of degree, but of kind. Let as many images as possible be pre served in all their original freshness and beauty. If anything or anybody is to be remembered at all, let it be as fully and faithfully as may be. But when anything is to be obliterated from the mind, let it be wiped out as with a sponge, not allowed to perish by degrees like a fading photo graph. Everything is judged of so much hy its relation to other things, that a partial recollec tion often does less justice to the originaj than a blank ; for in the process of fading some parts will vanish more quickly than others, and what is left will be a distorted and therefore an untrue representation. Of course this process is to a considerable extent inevitable. We cannot, if we would, preserve some of our impressiors perfectly, and obliterate others entirely. Aud were it possible to havo nono but clear and full and complete pictures iu the chambers of tho mind, their very clearness would imply a degree of limitation -which would1 make them even more inaccurate, because more inadequate, than wider though mistier views. But, not to insist upon the strong probability that in most minds the proportion of haze is more likely to be excessive than deficient, the question here is not whether pictures shall fade, but how the fading pictures should be dealt with. And what we wish to urge is that the process should not be ignored or left to chance, but carefully noted, aud in some cases voluntarily performed. When we must forget, let us know that we are forgetting. In jusiice to the once remembered but no longer distinct images, let them not be compared with recent and vivid impressions, or reasoned from as though they wero still adequate representa tions of the facts. Let wlist is vague he recog nised as -vague, and what i9 faded as faded, that Hie part may not he taken for the whole, nor the incompleteness of the past disparaged by com parison with the fulness of the present. If we forgot more clearly we should not do so much injustice to what we remember. Besides those cases in which $11 we can do is to take account of the changes which time will , inevitably work without our assistance, there nre perpetual oppor tunities in every day's ordinary affairs for taking the matter into our own hands and summarily turning out of doors such inmates of our own minds as are neither pleasant nor profitable. All trivial matters of detail, as a rule ought to be swept away at short intervals. It is one of the most familiar of little annoyances when some trifle which in itself, may be entirely indifferent happens to get lodged in some corner of the mind, like a bit of dust iti the eye ; and most people know too well the distressing effects which are produced when the power of forgetting is weak ened by illness. Things which nre painful in themselves have of course a terrible advautage in resisting the efforts of the mind to dislodge them, and therefore it js important to take advantage of the practice afforded by indifferent matters to strengthen the faculty of dismission. Yet in a healthy miud the painftilness of auy subject will in some cases assist the process by serving to deter the thoughts from auy approach to it, until, after a period of resolute avoidance, the details are found to have disappeared with the pain. When any subject resolutely opposes the efforts Of the nnnd to get rid of it, some people find assistance in imparting it to others. The Ancient Mariner was in the habit of having recourse to this remedy. It is a sort of kill or cure troatment, of which we do uot recommend tho indiscriminate use; but if it be adopted, the choice of a listener is an important branch of it. As a rule, the oftener the same person is made uso of for this purpose the greater becomes hjs nnrcotic influence over the performer, as in the similar though reverse process of mesmerism. When a suitable confidant- is not at hand, a -tolerable substitute may be found in pen and ink. But in these days pen nnd ink are almost as dangerous as alcoholic stimulants, and we do not wish to iucur the reproach which is falling upon doctois for recklessness in prescribing such powerful and seductive raediciues. Perhaps the most convenient method of learning to forget is to use books for the purpose of preliminary prac tice. The materials are so abundant, tho process so easy, and the results so perfectly safe that we can unhesitatingly recommend this means of study. The first step might be to pass through the mind's seive a small quantity of newspaper every day, increasing the dose hy degrees, until a mild form of periodical novel might be easily substituted for it. A gradually increasing num ber of parts might bo disposed of every day, until at last a whole novel could be got through at night, and so summarily disposed of that no traces should be visible by the morning's light ; and so on with essays, reviews, history, and metaphysics (the order of succession being varied to meet' individual cuses) until at last even mathematical processes might be mode to disap pear totally within a few hours after they had been mastered. . After this the student will have but little difficulty in forgetting the events, first of his neighbours' and then of his own life, as rapidly and completely as can be desired. 