I PARLIAMENTARY-PRIVILEGE. I BY A SPECTATOR. t A third time have I seen the Legislate Assembly of this colony in one of the supreme moments of its existence when it engaged in the task of maintaining its pri leges against the attacks of the Press ; am have arrived at the conviction that he does our ambitious little House of Comme exhibit itself so utterly devoid of dignity when it is avowedly asserting it. There in be some fatality about the thing. It does matter how the difficulty arises, or which so brings its wounded honour under the sym; thising notice of the Speaker, the res is the same. The conclusion reach: is a most lame and impotent one and here is attained more fractious words are spoken more members are called to order, more i seemly rows occur than on any other on sions. Mr. Bumble overthrown by a sm boy in a churchyard presented not a mc pitiable spectacle than does our Assembly when it fancies itself aggrieved by the Pre and is bent on reparation. Member all member betakes himself to the use of strong language, by way of teaching the week writers in the papers moderation. This com may be adopted from the kindest motive Honourable gentlemen may be exhibit themselves, in a Spartan Scotish fashion, frightful examples, whose mode of procedure is to be carefully avoided by all who write it. If this be their object, they are several successful : last night two or three of the made decided hits. The simple question of snubbing or in creating the publisher of an offending par was this time a good deal interfered with ulterior considerations and internal come. cations. The offender had a majority, i stead of a minority, of the house on his sit politically speaking and moreover, a to monstrative member of the House itself: of the community of saints who, if anyone ought to be a model of gentleness, courts and magnanimity would insist upon rising and declaring that the sergeant-at-arms he laid hold of the wrong martyr, and th he, the said member, was the ablest writer of the article. It was an ayvf fact. Hero was M'Cann, who had cut gone the length of declaring himself journalist, and who showed his parts i speech by protesting more than once that I was "in the 'hands of the 'house," here he was with his charge against the obnoxious price duly made and subscribed, and the publisher the paper expressing his readiness to take a the responsibility, and now a member he actually the temerity and the bad taste I declare that he wrote the article in question What was to be done. The proscribed pul Usher had read his statement, after the same number of interruptions and withdrawal discussions, shandies, and re-appearance and the House had had the benefit of M M'Kean's legal advice. That illustrious h minary had explained gratuitously what was the procedure of the law courts in such case and what, therefore, a fortiori, should be a practice of the highest court-that in while he was one of the judges. He feared that would have to commence everything de now, This speech, which was one of the striking features of the evening, could be but imperfectly heard in consequence of fit of coughing which seized C. E. Jones: John Edwards the Younger, and other patrol! in the Opposition corner-a nasty, vexation at, which terminated whenever the Collingwood Coko ceased speaking, and became a violent as ever when he resumed ; but still spite of this drawback, the speech was de livered, and the law clearly laid down Everything, Mr. M'Kean excepted-ruseles to interfere with that perfection was to b commenced de novo. Distressing, that after this had been proclaimed, the member for South Bourke should complicate matters b avowing his authorship. He and not the party at the bar, was the culprit. "Fraud, "plunder," and the rest of the pretty word about which M'Cann complained, over his, not the publisher's. What a dreadful fix for an hon. Legislative Assembly bent 01 conserving a borrowed suit of privileges ; thousand times too large for it ! And not the least amusing part of the "six" was the plight in which the Chief Secretary and the Attorney-General found themselves, with their denunciations of George rising up out of the tomb of Hansard like troubled ghosts, against them, and a friend instead of a fee in the custody of the sergeant-at-arms. For some time they as sumed the responsibility of their position, and stood to the unlucky colours by which they had once sworn. They looked uncomfortable very, and spoke with restraint, but they stuck to their position. The Nemesis had! come, evidently, and was to be met manfully, So long as only the publisher was concerned they never flinched; "privilege" was not maintained at all costs ; but when it came to the writer they could bear it no longer, and fairly bolted, " privilege " and all. On the whole, I think such an exciting evening has not been spent within these imposing walls for some months - galleries crowded, prisoner at the bar trotted back wards and forwards to be Manned or M'Lellanctl, Jonesed or Edwardscd, as the case might be, intervals between his appearances being taken advantage of by hon. members to indulge in private and select libels on their own account, and to be called to order by a righteously indignant Speaker ; never a debate in any right sense of the word, but a sort of verbal Donnybrook Fair, where everybody's head came in for a whack occasionally, and order and confusion alternated, confusion having generally the best of it. Two of the members for Collingwood, viz,, Messrs. Embling and Edwards, took prominent parts in the night's entertainment one of them playing the mild medico, and the other the demonstrative police-court practitioner, with great success. The former delivered an essay on gentlemanly honour, a subject upon which he seemed to have been recently reading up, and proceeded to illustrate it by disclosing some little matter which he had ferretted out by laboriously perusing the inverted writing he had discovered on the Parliamentary Library blotting paper. Mr. Vale denounced this place of amateur detective work as wanting in common decency, and was, of course, at once called to order vigorously. In fact, he had to withdraw the offensive observation ; but as every one had to withdraw nearly as much as he uttered, that did not matter much. Longmore, and Jones, and McLellan spoke and withdrew, and withdrew and i spoke, and nobody- not even the reporters appeared to care much about it. Edwards, however, was the . persistent hero of the night. He had buckled on his armour for the fray, and seemed to conceive that the eyes of Fitzroy were upon him. His object was not quite clear, but he was apparently implacable. A slaughtered pressman or tyro at the bar might, perhaps, have appeared him. As it was, after a blustering display [ worthy of Bobadil, he only bagged a feeble regret from the publisher. 3 For the truth, is a sad one. The House, after it had caught its Tiaro, dare not put its brains in a basin. How often has it sighed that it had to be content with publishers when it vehemently desired to have an opportunity of putUshtag writers of libellous articles. At last the gods are propitious. It has its labor or at least, it says it has, which is the same thing in ยก"Privilege"-and,.lo the writs, stands- avowed on its own ranlcs-a-member, c a veritable member. Now, for scarification. Strangers tremble, fearing that an evil hour has arrived for South Bourke, and Mr. Ern bling looks as though he thought the victim, after' running the gauntlet of the House, would be handed over to his tender mercies, and so effectually disposed of. But there is no victim-not even a vicarious one. A few' sagacious, but not particularly consistent words from the Attorney-General, and a few sensible and generous ones from Mr. Aspi, nail, and the debate gradually loses heart. It is evidently approaching an end when Mr. Nathaniel Levi rises to address the House, and that settles it. 