OUR LONDON NEWS-LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.] Monday, August 26,1867. At length the session has ended, and the Reform Bill become the law of the land. I say st length—yet to go back only one month, the Bill mi still in Committee in the Lords, and the riling of Parliament an event in the dim future. At the dose of July a severe attack of font unfortunately prostrated the Prime Minis ter. The State pilot was J disabled when liis scnrioei were moat required. The Earl of Derby rules the House of Lords almost as com pletely m did once the Duke of Wellington, sad th? Bar! of Malmesbury and the Duke of Mtrlbosoogh are sorry substitutes for his Lordship. - It was indeed Lord Cairns, the nrw«tt of the Peers, and although a Lord Jsstiss, ud supposed to have taken leave of polittssJ Ufa, who assumed the reins that Lord Derby had for a while abandoned. Under his sajpioas the lodger franohise was once again isissd from £10 to £15, and University lodgers Inverted with a vote for the respective boroughs te wbioh they resided. The Whig Peers made s stand k favor of a lodger redistribution sshsms. Lord' Halifax (better known in poli uosl life as Sir Charles Wood) led the way by ]*oposi?|? resolution, that the scheme of the floTsnment was inadequate, and that more re pMsantettvss should be given to large and im portant constituencies. Kut His Lordship, who wss opposed by the Government on the all snflsisat plea that any attempt at alteration Mw would endanger the Bill, only obtained the support of 59 peers. The same argument Hi not, however, prevent Ministers from ac esptlai an amendment for raising the copy hold qualification for counties from £10 to £5, (tenth they declined, at the instance of Karl Our, to resuscitate the oompound householder. Usd iff Melton proposed that the writing of a •Unud lsgible hand should qualify for the psssMsJoa ef a vote ; but the amendment was sot •friouly diseasstd, and was, it is said, aa Dls|lh|y written tbat when handed to the clerk hsMiddle* dsoipher it. Lord Cairn's proposal asla*elsetoriho«U have more than two votei "^"wwrnisd oonstituraates" was well Mates, Tfcoiath opposed by the Government, JtVM supported by Earl RusseU and Lord 9*Msr on the part of the Whig peers, by Lord fWto*,tk?most Radical rf peers, and bj •ash liMlspindsnt Conserv uives as Lord Carnar- WtMbrdMalion. A few Liberals like Lord yyffl* objected to the scheme, but it wai •Msd by the large majority of 91. the minoritj extent, wndposed o/ Go Bwl? AjJUtorm Bill had prooesded in JJMWJst without the presence of the Premier. <??• Ist of August Lord Derby again ir>sde Ef *pi"*?S >' *nd tae •oe"a ? "us described ti_JVV" w. *" :—" We may irasgine how UHMrty famed and fretted in St James's- S??when he read the debates of Monday and i*""*' ■• *?* his physicians he must go •*? to the House on Thursday. They pro !***.*** remonstrated; but at length, as it "■"■ to be decreed by fate that the Lord aSJ?ft^ ™torn* WKT or othw to be the JsthofUnj, it doubtless seemed a less evil to C^J^Ww* that the Prime Minister should •? ?? 8t Stephen's than that he should «•■us agfa, inventing expletives, and using «swag Wnags expresuve of his intellectual C"*« and his personal sense of the ob ■JMtaM under whioh he and his Ministry ■M* his Lord Privy Seal. So on Thursday, W?? the Dnka of Cleveland wa. defending the •"■"token by the North British Railway in sanctioning the issue of preference *"Mn stalked Lord Derby, as pale as a ghost, fj.™ one arm in a sling. Sines the days ol un Chatham, and not perhaps without th« ™J*3*? probably no great political leader hai 3">M flu House so white, so shattered, and r"**"«h physical traces of pain and suffering ■? "•*"*••. Tet the indomitable spirit and J™* of Ms raos shines in his face, and ho hai •Mle for all the friends whom he passes on 2**ar to his seat between the Dnke of Marl MNVAudthaaVl of Malmesbnry. It may b. JT Tx*"**! "f it may be from vexation, bu( fJi*""?U that the Premier gives his left ■■■Ajejh* Dot, ud dow not , hfcke T? *g? Mslmeshttry. The Earl of Devoi « etajr friends cannot resist the temptatioi ■Mis his hand, and tell him how glad the] SnTJ?l^* *•*• A little later, Lord Gran !^*£a*nu>ssai>d likes him rather more thai StSS? 4* rf House. With fblterinf SJy*.wli? the Prime Minister replies CnMWljsej?iiith a, ghastly lm ile, " I trusi SrJ?_ •P*''* «f my involuntary abseno «BrfsS?J^i. W*^ **• taken as son* a«H***\ sMssaejr saisdeeds with whioh i •"'fetattsjs^faoosuiesttoowtthtbo tie* «f Reform." Their Lotdahb* *"w*"H - jet, looking at that pallid face "andl wasted" figurs, they cannot but agree that ten days of goat and two nights of Malmesbury ought to cancel a good deal of political sin. Bat being lere again on the Treasury Bmsh we shall see how he "«U uron" Mslmesbury and hi* nuddled-aged colleagues." The dneusaum is long and important. Lord Grey proposes that not more than one member •hall be retained by townswith a population not exceeding 12,000. The Dnke of Arrvle, Earl Russell, the Earl of Carnarvon, the Bar! of Cardigan, Earl Stan hope, and the Karl of KimberleysAMress the House. Yet the Premier wiU not allow Malmesbnry to rise. He imposes absolate silence on the Treasury Bench, with the excep tion of the Lord Chancellor, and makes not only a long speech early in the debate in reply to Lord Grey, but another long speech at the end of the debate in reply to the other speakers. This is the Premier's testimony to the wisdom and ability displayed by his viceroy and other colleagues during hi* enforced absence ! Earl Grey's amendment was supported on both ■ides of tile House, as giving scope for carrying out the minorities principle, and preventing the necessity for a larger redistribution of seats hereafter. Bnt the Prime Minister was stern and resolute. If the amendment should be Car rie.], he would be under tie necessity of con sulting the Cabinet as to the course they should then pursue. This threat sufficed to secure the rejection of Earl Grey's amendment, though only by a majority of 22, and in a comparatively thin House. Next day, however. Lord Derby had forgotten the importance of carrying the Bill intact, so as to avoid a collision with the Commons. His Lordship gave his " unqualified adhesion" to Lord Salisbury's amendment, enabling electors so vote by means of voting papers instead of in person—a proposal which, after very full discussion, had been rejected by the Lower House. The objections to the scheme were inadequately stated on the Opposition side, and it was finally carried by the large majority of 144 to 36. Thus the BUI got through Com mittee in the Lords. But on the bringing up of the report on the Monday, the sth of August the Premier consented to rescind the decision on the lodger franchise on the ground that the £10 limit was the result of a compact, and the obedient peers, headed by the repentant Lord Cairns, accepted the plea, and the previous deci sion was reversed. On Tuesday, the 6th, the Bill came on for third reading. Though the occasion was one of supreme importance, the attendance both of peers and spectators was scanty, and enthusiasm there was none. The measure was read a third time and passed without opposition and without a cheer of exultation. Lord RusseU was present and critical He thought the BUI would greatly increase bribery and corruption, though he hoped the people would not abuse the powers conferred on them. But be did not regard the distribution of seats as final Lord Derby made a short and somewhat of a funereal speech. They were " taking a leap in the dark;" Aill he had that confidence in the sound sense of his fellow-countrymen that he trusted that the extended franchise now conferred upon them would place the institutions of the country on a firmer basis, and increase the loyalty and contentment of a large portion of Her Majesty's subjects. Thus coMly dismissed, the BUI was carried down to the Commons the same evening, and the appearance of the Clerk with the pre cious roll under his arm was greeted with a hearty cheer. On Thursday, the Bth, the Lord's amendments were considered by the Commons. There had been talk of a " call of the House" for the occa sion, but such a formality was quite needless. There was a (treat muster on both sides; the Liberals, in particular, had for this occasion re sponded with alacrity to the urgent summons of Mr. Glyn, their new whipper-in. Once more, albeit the month of August, and the fierce heats of summer prevailing, the House of Com mons was full to overflowing. Mr. Disraeli was in the blandest mood, full of compliments to the moderation, of the lords, whose amend ments he in general recommended for accept ance. But the Commons were in haste to pro ceed to business. The new and indsidious denfinition of a " poor rate," and the proposal to give university lodgers a vote for Borough elections were regretted with out a division. The next question—the copy hold franchise—was a test of- the strength of parties, and it was found that the Liberals were once more united and supreme. By the decisive majority of 47 the £5 limit was restored. In like manner, the renewed attempt to give the borough franchise to resident members of the University towns was voted down. The Tories made a desperate effort to retain the voting paper clause, which bad been reinserted by the Lords after having been rejected by a small majority in the Commons; and in order to avoid utter defeat Mr. Disraeli proposed that the plan should be restricted to counties. The House did not think it worth while to contest the amendment, but voted down the entire clause. The largeness of the majority—s2, in a House of 464 members —wag due, not only to the strong objection entertained against a scheme of voting which would inevitably lead to fraud, intimida tion, and the manufacture of fictitious votes, but to the objectionable machinery by which Lord Salisbury proposed to give it effect -so objec tionable that Mr. Mill declared that he would prefer no BUI at all to a measure saddled with such vicious provisions. But the great feature of the sitting was the debate on the minorities amendment, which Mr. Disraeli, though still personally averse to, advised the House should accept, because it had. been carried by an almost unanimous vote in the Lords. Mr. Bright, in one of his most impassioned and uncompromis ing speeches, moved that the amendment be rejected. He denounced it as a newfangled contrivance unknown to the Constitution, and as an insult to Manchester, Liverpool, Birming ham, and Leeds, to which a third member had been granted, and which would, by LordCairns's plan, be worse off than constituencies that returned only two members. Mr. Bright's powerful eloquence extorted cheers, bnt his arguments, though (enforced by Mr. Gladstone and Mr. Goschen, aid not convert the House: The Opposition were divided. Prominent liberals like Mr. Buxton and Mr. Knatchbull Hugessen t spoke in favor' of the plan, and it was well known that such Radicals as Mr. Mill, Mr^Hughet, and Mr. Fawcett were heartily in its favor. Mr. Blight's amendment was sup ported by 204 votes, but 253 members went into the lobby against him, and finally sanc tioned the principle of the representation of minorities. This decision will affect some eight counties and five boroughs, including the City of London in which, as there are four members, every elector will have three votes. Curiously enough in five of the counties referred to, the minorities principle is carried out in practice. But it* formal sanction by Parlia ment will hasten that larger redistribution of power which even Lord Derby admits to be inevitable. Many Liberals see in its recogni tion a comparatively easy mode of reducing to a minimum the opposition of the Tories to'th« dis francbisement of small constituencies, and to a further transfer of seats to large towns. The Lords took their rebuff with meekness or rather an overwhelming majority, knowing that they would have to yield, thought it pru dent to absent themselves when the reasons of the Lower House for " disagreement" came to be considered on the 12th. The conferences between the two Houses when they are at issue on a BUI is in this wise:—Some half a dozen on each aide meet in the Painted Chamber—the Lords seated and wearing cooked hats; the Commons also seated but uncovered. Of course if the conference fails the Bill falls through. On this occasion there was no conference, the Lower House preferring to send their reasons for disagreeing with the Lords' amendments *by messenger direct, to the great iMa"^! of the lovers of precedent, who mourn over the presumption of the Lower House in sending a clerk when heretofore they have always been obliged to dispatch a deputa tion. This innovation is not without signifi cance, and even Lord Derby is fain to sanction it His Lordship on the 12th was not in good humor. He said that the Commons' reasons they were certainly very curt—for insisting on some proposals and for disagreeing with others reminded him much of the advice of one judge to another—" Give your judgment by all means, but never give .your reasons.'' The Premier having stoutly defended the Lords' amendments, except the minorities clause- -which he accepted, but would not agree to eitend— wasunder the necessityof "humbly' recommending the House to agree to the Com mons' amendments —of swallowing them entire. One adventurous peer, the Earl of Clancarty, had recommended that the Commons should be , defied, and the country appealed to, but no one seconded this sage proposal, and the Commons' , amendments were accepted nent. con. There now remained only one further for mality to turn the Reform BUI of 1867 into an . Act of Parliament. The royal assent was given [on Thursday, August 15th. It was quite an or- I dinary event. The Representation of the People ■ BiU stood first in a long list of Bills that were r to reoeive the final imprimatur. The Commons , were summoned by r> Black Rod," and nearly > all present followed the Speaker, with maee-be r fore him, and attended by his train-bearers, he 9 strode to the bar of the House of Lords. As , the Clerk pronounced the sealing words "La F Seine le veult," there was a cry of "hear, ? hear," from the assembled Commons. The ■ Lords might perhaps have joined in it had there 1 been any of them there, but it was before their r usual hour of assembling, and there were not 1 half a docen present altogether, and none at all ■ of the leaders on either side. When the Com l mons afterwards returned to their own House, \- and the Speaker, according to custom, read out ? the titles of the Bills, beginning with the Re t form Bill, there was a much more cordial shout t of applause, the Commons feeling more assured b of giving expression to their feelings when on i their own ground. A country correspondent ? thus describes Mr. Disraeli's appearance the r same evening:—" Wheu the House met at \- night I was struck by the expression upon Mr. a Disraeli's features. The hopes and anxieties of 0 the author of the BUL and the varying chances 1 and changes of the measure, were at length at i, an end. The inevitable reaction had set in, t and in a single night the Chancellor of the c Exchequer seemed to have grown ten years c older. The prise of legislative statesmanship, I whfeh had so long mocked his grasp, bad now h bets fairly clutched, and for good or evil he WeM BAY to Mak •M4MaY Urn ««^m^^b£ nMn mbbw tMpamiM. Bejr. ?n? will, tfcat the mea sure i. aot his—that b is Oe?ifanKDof the Hones—and that ha has eat/ done the bidding of the Liberal Opposition; yet, a* >? ran* take the name of the member of Parha ntentwhoha* chun of than, mad who fight* them through, the Reform SOI of UB7 will be fa miliarly spoken of for at least half a century to come a* * Mr. Disraeli's measure/ as the Beform Bfll of 1832 m known, as * Lori J. BnssttTs BflL' With this description of feme Me Disraeli is for the wwuit content, for he has never yet written hi* name in the Statute Book of the United Kingdom. The reaction of which his feature* bore the impress appeared to consist of a tnmolt of hurrying and agitated thoughts. I have never seen him no grave, so preoccupied. I had almost written so sad. His cbuded brow, his troubled eye, hi* dark and serious fcxpres «i c features, and he might hare been taken for some Jewish prophet, ready to poor out lamentations and woe, rather th«t an English statesman who has, in a spirit of trust in . the people, given resist less power to the great English democracy." The second Reform Bill-^the subject of agitation for many long years, which has broken op Go vernments and perplexed statesmen—is now a fait accompli. Substantially, I mean, for it is not yet complete. Next session the case of Scot land and Ireland will have to be considered, and these poitions of Her Majesty's dominions after all return nearly one fourth of the House of Commons. The report of the Boundary Com missioners, who are to recommend what boroughs shall be enlarged, and what emmties rearranged, has also to be ratified by Parliament, and there are provisions for putting down bribery and corruption still to be considered. Mr. Bright recommends the Beform League to commence an agitation for the ballot, but such a move ment at present will fail. The country wants a little repose. There will be no general election under ordinary cucomstances till after January, 1869, when the new register will come into operation, and till then we are likely to enjoy the blessings of a Conservative Government, and all single elections will take place under the old law. The liberal party will have time to reorganise. The old Whigs will have to give op their claims to supremacy, the new men will come to the front, and when a Liberal Admini.. tration is again formed Mr. Bright wfll assuredly be offered a seat in the Cabinet. Next session will be largely expended in paying court to the British householders—the future master of our political destinies. Our papers are now discussing how the Reform Act will work. I quote the opinion of one—the Nonconformist, as containing some facts, as well as sentiments, which may interest even Antipodean politicians on & matter so in timately affecting the future welfare of the old mother country:—" Household suffrage, re stricted by the ratepaying provision, and sup plemented by a lodger franchise will in future be the law for ail borough constituencies in the election of the popular branch of the Legislature. No one can tell how it will work, unless it be the Spofforths of the clubs, whose professional calculations are not always to be relied on, because they are professional. We know, indeed, that the male occupiers of houses rated to the poor in England and Wales are more than a million and a quarter. But it is estimated that owing to the stipulation of one year's residence, insufficient residence, non-payment of rates, and indifference to the franchise, a very considerable proportion of these householders will not appear on the register, and that in all probability, the borough electors will, in the aggregate, be increased from 445,000 to 800,000, of whom more than a clear half will belong to the working classes. But it is by no meant altogether a question of totals or averages. nor does this rough estimate include the electors who will be added by the lodger franchise. In the small and agricultural boroughs the Beform Act, may be expected to tell in favor of the landed interest The new electors there being already independent of the Small Tenements Act. and peculiarly subject to occult influences, will, no doubt, with few exceptions, be put upon the register by interested persons. Some of these boroughs have had to surrender one mem ber apiece; but, on the other hand, the new town constituencies are, for the most part, so much subtracted from the liberal element in their respective counties ; and that element may be expected to be farther eliminated by the enlargement of borough boundaries. Though the towns will monopolise some 62 per cent, of the members for England and Wales, it is by no means clear that the Liberal cause will to a large extant gain numerically by the Reform Act. But it will represent a far larger proportion than hitherto of the entire population, and Radical members will doubtless be returned by im mense majorities in the great towns. By the redaction of the copyhold qualification, and the concession of a vote to every holder of 20 acres and all occupiers rated at £12 and upwards, the county franchise wUI be largely extended. But in this direction, also, the ultimate result cannot at present be calcu lated. We are told that in Wales the extension of the country franchise will actually, under existing circumstances,, increase the power of the Tory landlords, by extending the area over which their influence will be paramount. How far the same rule will apply to English counties cannot be estimated. In the purely agricultural districts, little change can be expected. In some with a more mixed population, Liberal principles will be strengthened by the votes of the £12 occupiers ; in a few they will be coun teracted by Lord Cairns'* minority clause; in others, they will be weakened by the counties being gutted of their urban element. Mr. Disraeli's theory, partially carried out by the Reform Act, is to create a stronger line of demarcation between town and country inte rests—a party device of which the political benefits are very problematical. Thus the more carefully we endeavor to analyse the probable results of the Reform Act of 1867, the more doubtful wfll appear the ultimate outcome. The data are not reliable, and the deductions are therefore mainly speculative. Mr. Disraeli and his right hand, Mr. Spofforth, have doubtless counted noses, and so adjusted the machinery of our new system of representation that the Tories will not, acording to their own estimate, greatly loss, nor the Opposition largely gain. Bat happily, it is not a question of arithmetical nicety. Call the Government BUI what you may—a democratic measure or a scheme for letting in the ' residum'—it is certainly a plan of Reform that wiU more faithfully than has heretofore been the case, reflect by constitu tional means the national will, whatever that will may be. It is the force of opionion as ex pressed by the preponderating boroughs, what ever, the machinery through which it finds ex pression, that win bear rule in the Legislature. And that moral power^ now comprehended within the constitution, if Reformers v Church and State use their opportunities, will inevitably be cast on the side of progresH. The motive power, if it is wisely and perseveringly directed, wUI amply suffice to carry large reforms." Though the Lords have passed a Democratic Reform Bill, they remain true to their Tory instincts. Towards the close of last month, as you are aware, they threw out the Bill for the abolition of theological tests in the two Univer sities by a majority of 28, though it had been carried through the Commons by large votes. On the Bth they further vindicated their repu tation as an obstructive assembly by rejecting the Church Rates Abolition BUI, which had alto been safely piloted through the Lower House. A few days after this feat Mr. Gladstone gave notice that he should next session introduce a BUI for the compulsory abolition of Church Rates, and it is highly probable that the year 1868 will witness the final extinction of this im post. Another question of an ecclesiastical nature has met with a singular fate. The Lords sent down a Bill for the increase of the Epis copate, which provided for an addition of three Bishops to the present staff. In the Commons, where sympathy with the Episcopal Bench is by no means a failing, the Bill was sadly mauled. All the clauses leaving it open for the new Bishops to receive aid from the funds of the Eccle siastical Commission were mercilessly expunged, and with the assent of Sir Roandell Palmer and Mr. Gladstone, it was decided that these new prelates should not take their turn with their brethren to a seat in the Lords, but that they should be entirely excluded. There was great consternation amongst the lawn sleeves at this daring innovation. When the Bill reappeared in its altered form in the Upper House, Lord Derby was the first to pro test against these revolutionary of changes, and he was backed up by the Primate and the Bishop of Oxford. The amendments were rejected by their Lordships, and the BUI consequently fell through. I send you copious extracts from s> book—the book of the season—which will excite as much interest in the colonies as in the mother country. I refer to " The Early Tears of the Prince Consort," compiled under Her Majesty's directions by Lieut.-General the Hon. C. Grey, and enriched with copious notes from the hand of the Queen. It is the first volume only, com mencing with the infancy of Prince Albert, and terminating with the first year of Her Majesty's marriage. Such a revelation of the inner life of a royal family has never bean published while any of the principal persons concerned were ■till living. It is a true love story. We have not only fall particDkrs of the engage ment of the Queen, but of their subsequent wedded life and the'anxious desire of Her Majesty that the authority of the husband should not be sunk in that of the subject. The book has created great interest It has exalted our conception of the remarkabe excellencies of the Prince Consort, and of thepurity and hap piness of that domestic life which, if equalled in the experience of royalty, has never bean sur passed. We gel a greater insight than be fore into the intensity of Her Majesty's love for her lost husband, and are more than ever dis posed to make allowance for {he prolonged and perhaps morbid result* of so peculiar a sorrow. "The Early Life of the Prince Consort" has reached its fourth edition, making the twelfth or fourteenth thousand, and the *i?">«"^ stUl continues. With, therefore, more than com mon interest the public have seen an annoonoe ment in the Lancet, which evidently comes from an authoritative source. In apologising for Her Majesty's abseneelfrom State ceremonials, that medical journal says --"The appearance of the Queen in public os • tfoaat BBcasjen. was1 followed by a. most dtstressbsg attack of glek nesaaad exhaustion, which lasted for several hours. It is right to be known that Her Ma jesty, with tlte greatert desire to fulfil alt those duties which appertain to her dignity or ber hospitality, is occasionally prevented from per forming them by bodily suffering of a character moat dtffieeJt to be bone." Our commercial eossnjmiij are not in a posi tion to cast the atone of reproach upon our artisans, as the Overend Gtrrney case, just de oded by the House of lads, wOl testify. The people of Australia are unhappily too famsliar with tiut memorable downfall of the great dis counting house, which precipitated the panic of last year, and sent the torch of ruin and ■offering to every country which owns the sway of Queen Victoria. The story, as now folly revealed before the highest judicature of the realm, v thus sncdnctly told by the EugliA Independent:—" At the beginning of the year 1865 the 6ns of Overendfe Carney was insol vent, by reckless JgmHnp_ which bad injured English trade aa much a* it bad injured the partners themselves; it had converted burge profits into a tremendous loss. The boose had four millions of debts upon its books, only one million of which couM be fairly accounted good. Yet, JMta*/! of stopping, the partners actually went into the market and sold their concern for half a million of money! It is true that they pledged their own private estates, worth nearly two millions and a half, against the bad debts, but that still left a deficiency of half a million, and they thus virtually obr taineda million of morey for the goodwill of an insolvent concern. It is said that, since the new Directors knew the whole troth, and the exact state ef affairs, there was nothing improper in this transaction; the Times says, 'So far tile old partners may be substantially acquitted.* The immorality of such an * acqnitttal' is as groat as that of the transac tion itself. The 'goodwill' of the business and the value of the old lease entirely depended !on the concealment of the truth from the public. The old and new partners alike under stood this perfectly; some of the old partners joined the new concern, and the policy of con cealment was instantly acted cpon. The old firm were wilful parties to the conspiracy to cheat the public, in order to save their reputa tion, and something out of the wreck of their private fortunes. The new Directors promised to give half-a- million for the goodwill of the concern, knowing well that they had not money enough to fulfil that promise, and then invited the public to help them by subscribing shares. They carefully hid the insolvency of the house, and merely announced that the good will of what all the world thought was a flourishing concern was to be had for £500,000. * For the honor of the great mercantile com munity of the City of London, says Lord Cranworth, 'I wish I could believe that the prospectus was fairly and honestly framed. But I cannot. There was both saggestio fatsi, and tupprestio veri.' But it is Baid the new Directors embarked their own mocey in the concern, and kept it in to their own ruin, when they might have sold out at 60 per cent, pre mium. Well; that is true. But what does it amount to? Only to this, that great London merchants were not sunk so far in infamy as to class themselves with the vulgar swindlers, who. having trapped their victims into affairs of straw, plunder them in the quickest and completest fashion, and then decamp with their booty. They were themselves partially de ceived. They thought themselves clever enough to play the name of Oyerend and Gurney, co as to turn a million of deficit into profit, but they none the less wilfully deceived the public at Urge. The shareholders who through Messrs. Oakes and Peek endeavored to release them selves from liability to the creditors of the concern, would have the best of right to compel the Directors, if they were not already ruined men, to pay all the debts of the company, but the law most properly refuses to release them from their indebtedness to the creditors because they ought not to have allowed themselves to be made tools of by the Directors. If was their t duty to have made themselves thoroughly ac- , quainted with the whole condition of affairs before they joined the concern, and these legal proceedings will, we hope, help to bring about an entire change of feeling with regard to sub scription to joint stock companies. A man who takes shares in a company, to carry on a busi ness which he does not himself personally understand, is just embarking bis money in a lottery—hoping to get gain without knowing how or why, and to get it without the personal exertion and care which are the conditions attached by heaven to the acquisition of all honest riches.'" Two English friends, one lately returned from India afer a long residence there, and another who lives in America, have both lately re marked on the lowered tone of mercantile morality they have observed, as compared with the standard of many years ago. Doubtless the experience and sufferings produced by last year's panic, have done something to purify the atmosphere of commerce, but the germ of evil remains. The Times palliates the guilt of the Gurneys, and men of high standing in the city are not ashamed to plead for the pardon of Wilkinson, the late manager of one of their joint-stock banks, who by his frauds brought thousands to rain. The weather and the crops is a very legiti mate topic for consideration in a review of thh month of August The ]-*rvest is now proceed ing, and the weather has, on the whole, been favorable to the ingathering of the fruits of the earth. We have had heavy falls of rain and violent thunderstorms, but they- have been par tial and not continuous. The temperature throughout the month has been high, sometimes quite oppressive, and deaths from sunstroke have been numerous. Once or twice the thermometer has registered 120 ? of heat, which the records of South Australia do not, I sup pose often surpass. Presuming that the crops, which are already partly secured in the southern and home counties, will be favorably gathered in, the question is, what will be the aggregate result. This is to a great extent mere guesswork. We have no reliable agricultural statistics. The general belief is that if the quality should be good, the yield will not be large; that the wheat crop, under the best of circumstances, will hardly reach an average. " There can cer tainly be no superabundance," says Mr. Mecbi, speaking of Essex, and the remark has a wider application. The Gardeners' ttkronicle and Agricultural Gazette, after giving a table, founded on numerous harvest reports of its own, under the headings " over average," " average," and "under average," remarks: —"It will be seen from this table that wheat promises a less satisfactory yield than even 1865 or 1866; but barley is probably aa average crop as regards quantity of yield, but much of it must be of a very inferior quality. Oats arm a better crop than they have been for the last two years. Beans are generally remarkably good; but peas are con siderably inferior to last year's crop, which was unusually good. For the rest there is generally a fair promise of green crops, mangolds, and turnips; potatoes exhibit more than usually abundant signs of disease; and there has been a very heavy crop of hay, most of it well got in," In Ireland, however, the prospects of the har vest were never so bright. In F,rance there is a short, and in Germany an indifferent wheat crop. There is nothing to indicate that the harvest in Russia will be exceptionably good, but in the United States the largestwhest crop ever known is being gathered in. With scarcely an exception the various States show a huge percentage of increase over last year's crop. It v said that 225,000,000 bushels of wheat are being this year gathered, while last year's yield was bnt 180,000,000 bushels, and while the average crop in America for a long series of years has been five to five and-a-half bushels to each inhabitant, the crop of 1867 will give six bushels for each inhabitant. The meat question has also been again ex citing attention. The Time* makes the fact that the squatters in the Riverine district had established a joint-stock company to boil down. 10,000 sheep a week, the text of an article show ing the importance (of obtaining supplies of meat from the antipodes to meet the ever-in creasing demand of England. Thereupon the Secretary of the Australian Meat Company, of which Messrs. John STCall & Co. are the whole sale agents, writes to mention that they have been steadily at work on the subject for the past year, that their sales aregradually increasing and' now amount to about 30,000 lbs. per month, and that at the present time they are killing on their establishment at Samornie, Clarence River, New South Wales, about 15 bullocks per day. The best half of each carcase is, it is said, sent to London as bailed beef, and the other half is made into LLebig's extract of meat. "A father of young ravens," also, makes this suggestion through the Times :—" While the scientific are-finding out the mode by which the superfluous mutton of Australia can be brought to England fresh, or nearly so, permit me to make one practical suggestion. Why cannot the leg of mutton be treated as the York curer treats the leg of a pig? A York ham, which keeps for a year, is simply rubbed with salt, and coarse sugar, left in that condition on straw for three weeks or so, and then painted or brushed over with rather strong lime-water —in fact, whitewashed. A Yorkshire gentle man told me to-day that his hams cured in this manner lasted good and were fragrant when cooked for nearly three years. A few yean ago American hams were sold in the villages of England and yielded a profit to the retailer of about sd. per Ib. Sorely a mutton ham could be brought from Australia and sold at the same price, for consider the wool f The question of postal communication with Australia was referred to in the House of Lords before the prorogation. The following is the substance of a conversation between the Earl of Carnarvon and the Colonial Secretary:—" At present there were two lines of postal commnni cation between this country and Australia; the one by Panama, and the other by Sue*. Towards the line by Panama the country, he believed, mads no contribution ; but to the postal com munication between Suez and the southern coast of Australia he thought the Treasury paid a subsidy of £70,000. An intercolonial confer ence bad lately taken place on that subject, and it bad been there proposed that three lines of postal communication should henceforth be established beteeeu tbis country and Australia, namely, the two at present existing—the one by Panama and the other ly B«e*-ettd the third forming a. bnaeh of the great Peninsula and Oriental fine, and some; from Ceylon to the northern coast of Australia. It bad been no poaed that ftefaperW GovernmSJ T^Z one hand, and the Colonial Gorrrnnwnto on tfcg other, should bear a moiety of the expense, which was calculated at £140,000 each, andthe sum was not to exceed £300,0001 He did not wish to recommend the increased expense which such a snksidy would entail; on the contrary, be aaw many strong and reasonable objectxms to it He ahotdd be perfectly satisfied if the noMe dnke would assure him that the sub ject would receive the consideration which was dnetoiteown importance, and also to the feel ings generally of the Australian colonies. It should be borne in mind that a vast increase had taken place in the exports and im ports of those colonies, and, in fact, during the last tew years there bad been an enormous de velopment of tiuir material resources. Corre sponding with that there had been, co to apeak, araumgofthe standard of intelligence, educT tkm, and, in fact, everything which made fre quent and rapid communication between this country and those colonies a matter of very great importance. The single monthly postal communication which had hitherto satisfied the wants of the Australian colonies was clearly inadequate to the requirements of their present condition- He therefore, before the close of the session, recommended that great question very earnestly to the consideration of the noble Duke the Colonial Secretary. He did not wish to exact any answer on the subject at thu moment from the Government, who had, per haps, not yet had sufficfont time for forming an opmion opon it AH he desired was that it might receive at their hands that attention which its great importance demanded. The Duke of Buckingham said it was true, as the noble Earl bad stated, that these Australian colonies, not deeming their present postal communication sufficient, bad invited the Home Government to consider what arrange ments were expedient for improving that communication, and those colonies had proposed a very large and comprehensive plan, involving a very great extent of ocean voyage and a very large expenditure, of which they were in a posi tion to bear a great proportion. The qivstiona they had raised were certainly such as deserved very serious consideration before the proposals were rejected or materially modified ; but they could hardly be considered with regard to those colonies alone. Those colonies had now attained a magnitude when postal communication with them became of great importance, not merely i as connected with England, but in relation to j almost ewry other part of the globe, and par- , ticularly to China, India, and America. All I that had to be taken into view by the Govern- . ment before arriving at a definite conclusion as \ to the proposal made by those colonies. There i was another point which was likely to be of as great importance to the colo"ies as any particu- \ lax route or any particular number of mails, and that was the cost of transmission, and the rate I to be charged for the conveyance of letters. All these were matters of great interest in connection with the question of over- sea postal communica tion to the colonies and to India; and they deserved very careful consideration, because while to many of the colonies the advantages hitherto afforded by the Post-Office arrange ments as to letters and papers had been very great, yet the colonies ought -now to consider whether, in some cases, the reduction of the rates of postage might n-jt be of more advantage than the multiplication of the number of routes. The question would have to be considered very shortly, and he had to point out to the noble Earl that there were other considerations mixed up with it besides the expense of communication with Australia alone, and which would require Borne little tune from various departments of the Government before any decision could be arrived at. He could assure the noble Earl that the subject was one the magnitude of which was not likely to be underrated by the Government, and that the Government were quite aware of the importance which was attached, and rightly attached, to the proper adjustment and extension of the present sy?tem. This information does not amount to much. It appears, however, that the contrast with the P. it O. Company will expire next February, that they have offered to continue it six months longer on being paid an additional 10s. per mile, and that the Government regard the offer as "exorbitant.' For China, if not Aus tralia, it is proposed to supplement the service of the P. & O. Company by that of a French line of steamers on the alternate fortnight. There has been a great outcry at this sugges tion, and, perhaps, the P. & O. Company may so far abate their terms that no engagement will be made with the Messageries Imperiale. I send you a report of the annual meeting of the North Australian Company (Limited), from which it appears that the Directors have for warded through Mr. Dutton, the Agent-General of the colony, an intimation that they consider the Government to have broken their contract with the Company, and ought to refund the money with interest. The Chairman, Mr. A. L. Elder, at the close of a conversation on the subject, said he did not think the Government now desired to carry out the contract, as it would involve a larger outlay than refunding the money. But they might obtain redress by representing the matter to the Colonial Secre tary; and the Directors had received and accepted an offer of co-operation from a Com pany in Adelaide placed in similar circum stances to their own. We have odd news from Italy. Garibaldi has been preparing for a new invasion of the Roman States; but has been baffled by the vigilance of the Florence Government, who have stationed 30,000 men along the frontier. Then Garibaldi endeavored to foment a rising in Rome; but the cholera is very severe in the Eternal City, and the population, revering the Pope, who remains at his post, and panic-stricken at the idea, of rising against him at such a time, refuse to move- There have, however, been tome sharp differences between the French and Italian Governments—the latter having vigorously pro tested against the conduct of General Dumont, who went to address the Antibes legion, prevent the desertion that was going on in its ranks, and to ckum]their allegiance and discipline as French Boldiers—a manifest violation of the September convention. The X iperor and Empress of the French have returned home after their visit to Satzbnrg ostensibly to offer their condolences to the Kaiser and bis family on their late terrible be reavement The telegrams state that they have come to a complete understanding in all even tualities—that they desire to uphold the Treaty of Prague, and to induce the other powers to back them—that they are opposed to the Union of the Southern German States with, the; Northern Confederation, and that they favor a new Southern German Bund under Aus trian auspices. Probably the truest statement is that made by the official journal of Vienna j that the interview means nothing oppressive. I ! believe that Napoleon lIL will leave no stone unturned .short of war, in which he could not get Austria to embark, to prevent the union of South with Northern Germany. How he is to frustrate their par tially accomplished scheme does not appear. It is said that when the King of Bavaria met the two Imperial personages at the Augsburg rail way station and kissed the hand of the Empress the latter saluted him on both cheeks. But such fascinations will not prevent German unity, and the papers of Bavaria and Wurtem burg have promptly announced that their Go vernments want no Bund under Austrian auspices, and prefer to remain as independent States. But already all these States south of the Main are united to the north by commercial ties, and their armies are to be under Prussian control—a great step towards a closer union. In an equivocal article, La France thus en- j deavors to bring in England into the j pretended league against Prussia :—" Austria, j France, and England, probably also other Governments are united in their policy, which may be summed up in these terms — Respect for the treaties of Paris and Prague; nothing more, nothing less. This policy has j nothing aggressive or ambitious in its character which could excite Russia or Prussia, or of which they could complain. If, as we hope, these Powers are resolved, not to depart from the stipulations they, have signed, it is of a nature to consolidate the peace of Europe, and render war perilous for those ambitious powers who should act against it." I suspect the Salzburg meeting has been a failure, so far as inducing Austria ac tively to support French pretensions or de mands. The Berlin papers make the most of an event likely to {further Count Bismark's darling scheme. ■ The North Gtrman Gazette ■peaks of the agreement to prevent the* unity plan aa dangerous to the peace of Europe. The Debats likewise notices the irritation of the Berlin papers, and refers to a statement that Herr vonUaedoin has been sent to Italy to renew the alliance with Prussia—a circumstance which should make the French Government, adds the Dibats, cautious of wounding the national susceptibilities of the Italians. The Independance Beige states the quartering of [the French regiments which formed the camp at Chalons along the north and east is not re garded as favorable to the continuance of peace. The Independance adds that it was believed in Pans that the order for this distribution of troops was sent frem Salzburg by the Emperor Napoleon. Then we have one report that the Kaiser will visit Paris in October, and another that the jonrnry has been abandoned; a third, that he wishes to meet the King of Italy at Paris; but later telegrams will probably inform you what there is in all this. 