S",'"THE CRETAN iNSlTRRECTTON. S '(Fn. The Times,, July 26.) Thg atest nesr received by telegraph from .Crete-seems to leave little doubt that the fierce struggle which has engaged the atten tion of the world for .so many months has ' b6'i:l j taght to a close ly the destruction or t 'ifxfissli i6n of the '?iaurgents. " That it ;i'a cilds~a'ud .contuidel 'so long is to be at "tiiYLtedd.toithe aluggishess eand irresolution "ofl 'th"Turkin ither than' to asny inherent st aigth 'i'the rebellion. ht is a melancholy sliis or: nnd though we cannot affect to do 'plire..that peace is restored to the island, ' eii ?iice '! f armls, we m.. ust sympathize Swith'~ti sinhajpy:victilms of the revolt who I': ve"'lrished'or have been reduced to misery 'in" oledience to a sentiment of patriotism or to the political machinations of their country. mpenat Athens. It is no injustice to the .Cretans ,to say that the movement which has ,,brought such calamities on their country originated rather in aspirations after nation .ality and. Panhellenic unity than in any in toleriable sufferings which the Turkish Govern ?id"tt hfiids l. tinSice the kingdom of Greece '-ie'bern'dideablisbhd, the views of the moat. e di s fiing and restless pabple of-the Levant iar'been turnoed tl thur ltberatioti of their ;''etiire:iaco from foreign control and its union -'under the same sceptre, with the design, por * haps, of ultimately succeeding to the posses s ion or the primacy of all the Sultan's Euro pean' dominions. They have always been ready to foment insurrection, and have sue \- ceeded in keeping the frontier of Greece in a state of permanent insecurity. Crete they , have always looked to as the first and easiest .-prize to be won from the. Turkish Empire. Its position would make it a desirable aequi sition to them, while its distance from the seat of Turkish power, encouraged them to r hope that the Sultan would make no strenu ; ous defence, or that, if he did, the European ,,Powers would recognise the propriety of giving a remote and eminently Greek island to the kingdom of Greece. During the latter part of the reign of Otho the hopes of the Greeks were depressed. The occupation of . Athens by two of the Western Powers during the Crimean war, and the defeat of the insur rection in Thessaly, convinced them that thq world was not ripe for any ambitious movoe . ments on their part. For several years they .confined themselves to domestic controversies) ..overturning successive ministries .with: unh :,usual rapidity, inveighing against their Royal family, whose chiet fault was to have been' * unsuccessful in its schemes of aggression, and forming predictions of the future, the prinoi pal event of which was to be that they themn solves should have a new Sovereign and mnore fortunate foreign policy. Their expec tations were to a great extent fulfilled by the accession of King George, while an impulse was given to their ambition by the acquisition Sof the Ionian Islands, out of which they may fairly boast to have driven the English by skilful and persevering.importunity. The Cretan insurrection wan planned in ac :cordance with this generilt iesign.. The 'Ch'ristians' and Mlahomedans it ,tht islahind ,lived more intermingled thanr in iost parts of the Empire, and yet there was a 'latent tendency to disquietuide.. It is useless to recapitulate here.th6 events; of the last few months. The Caniidian Chris 'tiCans,' though perhaps less hubject to Maio 'medan caprice than any other' body .of Turkish subjects, have risen in a 'iidespri?id rebellion, and have fought' against the troops 'of the Porte with a' fury almost umiprece dented even in the Greek revolutioi.' "Tlie mountains afforded them the means of pro tracting .the struggle, and wearing .out the regular troops which the Turkish. Govern. Tment sent against them. Making all allow ance for exaggerated rumors,. and wilfully mendacious telegrams, it cannot .o doubted that the people of the island have displayed the utmost valor and constancy against.the Turks. The actual fighting has, no doubt, been conducted bye more scctionof the in habitants-the more hardy arid.independent portion of the islanders. But, the whole population, as far as we can learn, seems, to have taken part with the insurgents. : Whe ther.justified or not in their; bhatred, the Christians of the island .have had but one thought-the deliverance of, themselves and their country from the Turkish-'Government. The .Greeks of the mainland mspay have insti. gated .them, but. the Cretan. have,ieen. at any rate fully, roused by their instigation. Revolta'ay,have been preached from abroad, butthoy have 'been the most, ready and. the most zealous of converts. ' The Turkisha Government at first treated the inatter, in .its ordinary slow and irreso lute manneiir, 'half despising the insurgents.; half, fearing, to act vigorously .against, them for fear of rousing that half laid ghost the, "Eastern Question." But a short time con vinied the Porte that if suaih"a polioy were continued :it would produce a long'and pos aibly adisastrous war. - It then sent 'rein-' forcements and ordered a large naval force to the station., But the Pasha in command had not the energy to prevail against the insur gente, supported :as they 'were 'by thi people of the Greek kingdom, and,"if report speaks truth, by Greeks, in countries which are on temis of still greater amity with . the'Porte:' Yet the' Turkish '.troops appear to"' have been earlyg. able' to recover 'control' of -the' open ,. country, *r the,. insutaents, a: sa may be s,eupposed, ':making ; their chief stand in.the mountain distrietsC' But, what ever the.nature of''the lwarfai-e, it was evi dently not, suflciently. advantageous .to the Turks until .the- Sultan sent, his veteran' General, .Omar,Pasha, to take the command; The troops-were probably often victorious; but still the rebellion was not suppiressed; and'as long as.a rebellion maintains itself the worlde will believe in?Cits succss,' and be radually ldd'to rsym'lthise withl it. 'Thb lingering :contest iniapndia produced the very orat effects upon the Turkish authority; The Hellenes must have thought the prize very nearly theirowwn, when'fosui out-of'the' five Great Powers :addresied the;Porto :in, favorof the island's independence. Our own, Foreign Secretary judiciously refrained from advice at the crisir; 'ana it seems as 'if the" event now justified his cautioi. There is, ns is generally the case in. revolutions, a great. deal to be said on both sides. The majority of the islanders are undoubtedly Christianis, and the Christians are unanimous in favor'of' independence; according, therefore, to the code which is now accepted in Europe, the island ought to be transferred by the Porto to a Government in which the people have con fidence. The answer of the Turks is based 'on the necessities of Empire; they say that the island is but a province, which has no right to separlate from the dominion of which it is a part, and they point out that to yield independence wherever there is discontent is only to encourage new demands, until the Empire shall be deprived of province after province by foreign machinations. The latter reasoning would hardly in itself be accepted against the clearly-expressed will of the, in habitante had not tte force of arms confirmed it. For the prqseint at least the rebellion"'is, at an end, nor can we conceive' that" all "'the' activity of the Hellenes will be able to' rvive it. Yet it is impossible' to learn the end of this enterprise without a regretful admiration of the courage by' which an" insignificant island has so long resisted the whole force of an Empire. Although our Government has not thought it 'expedient 'to. interrupt thb campaign of the Turks by diplomiktic action which would have tendedl 'directly to" el courage and protract the insurrection,.it may now fairly intercede, to obtain the restitution of the fugitives and' the 'removal of' any grievances that may have been the cause 'or the pretext of. their' rising. All accounts represent the sufferings .of the. Christians to have been most pitiable. 'Numbers of them have fled 'the' island, 'and are' in want and misery in other; countries.: Thousands of women and children have 'been conveyed to Athens or elsewhere, and are dependent on charity for food, shelter, 'and clothing. The condition of a great 'multitude in "the island itself :is ' most .distressing. Whatever.inay have been the political designs of; tthose .whd have incited' the insurrection, the islandobir themselves rose in obedience to' maily' and patriotic .iastincts,. for .which:it is: not sad visabld that the Turks should exact the, ex2 tremo, penalties of civil, war. ,, They are, at least,, our fellow, Christians,' and they 'haveo fought gallii'tly; though' perhaps unwisely aniil unnecessarily,. against a Government whicl they and their kindred.have.,little cause to love. It is a duty of huimanity to befriend! them in thehir i~treme disti~sis. 