INFANTILE EDUOCATION. BY WILLIAM.. iiLL, SUoRGEON &C.;, 463, PITT-STIIOET, SYDNEY. (rOM THE ElI'IIIE.) Ton present time I look upon as most opportune to offeor a few remarks reoltive to the literary education of children now that Mr. Parleos' Education Bill has bocome the law of this colony; but, at the nnsame time, it is not my intention to disouss any of the morits of the bill, or contrast its anticipatedbonofits with the dote Denominational or National systems. My object is solely to direct attention to the proper time at which the education of children should commence, or when they should be sent to solhool, as ilnueno ing their growth and health, a matter most important to the rising goneration of this colony, and greatly affooting the tenor, course, and future prospects of their career in life. The practice thatso universally prevails of bending a child to school "out of harm's way," cannot be too much con= demned,.for, instead of bh'ing confined in a crowded, and porhap~small, and badly. ventilated schooll?o ml `ho child .should have all the open e~.and dxeoriso possible for ensuring a pbpor state of health and doveoldpment; and, besides this, a child of tender years, say under seven, cannot have the facultiones of mind suflioiontly developd'd or matured for scholastic in struction. 'After this period, or from ton to fourteeoon yeors, one month's suciolont teaching will produce more good and per. manent results than the whole of the previous poriodsspont in similar pursuits. This, of course, I only moan, as a general rule, hit oeooptions may be taken to it, for c?moineos'i ervations prove that many mor,?nfpnts show groat activity of body anod ,indjia d that nature has implantod thisý;in;.tho' hnman constitution, Tho body of'a child may be said to be in constant motion, scarcely ever innotive, and it is this restlessness which invigorates tboh system, by duly accelerating tho cir oulation of the blood, and thus nourishing all the organs of the body. To confine a child of three or four years of ago, for two or three hours together to any -one restricted and inactive posture, is:un natural, and tends to inj re health and retard developtment; in de'd, 'undor six years, and according to ma?,yhigl'nautho rities, no child under ten years slhould be subjected to the confinement of schools, no mattelr how much parents may awvish to exhibit their offspring as prodigies of learning, though they either forgot, or don't know, that precocious learning oftentimes does incalculable mischief. The name of school and the sight of books'haes something repugnant in them to the feelings of children, which must arise from a natural aversion to confine ment, and an incapacity for comprehend. ing even the more rudiments of their own language. A most striking 'difference will be ob served in a boy who has been allowed to take exercise freely, and not sent to school until ton or twelvo e'dars'of ago, when his mind and body.a'ro' so owhiot well developed, and a body immunrd in a close school the greater part of thteday where his mind and body are both dbbilitated. Education, then, to the former will soon be productive of good effects, and confined hours not so likely to injure him, while the latter may hove his health injured, his growth arrested, and ta susceeptibility created for taking on the diseases of in fancy, which may either make a cripple of him for lifo, or perhaps consign him to a'promaturo grave. B3uts nevertheless, we must not neglect the young mind, which ought to be en larged and instructed in the numnborloss objects of animtated nature, and the dif forent productions of art and industry which present themsoelves at every step we take. This constitutes homo instruc tion ; and, if more generally adopted, we would have a different class or stanmp of girls and boys than that which daily moects our view; nor would we hear the soubriquet "arab" applied, as it is so extensively, to the outcast children of more wrotched and abandoned parents. Home is tho school ~ar ohildren of tender years, if we could only'oduso parents to think so, and get them to be more atten tive to their offspring in bringing them up "in the way they should go." If some of the maxims of MI. Roussoau, who has written admirably on the subject, were more inculcated and attended to, a better state of affairs would become appa rent. Heo maintains that children should never be questioned about things for which it may be their interest to deceive; that it is contrary to one of the funda mental principles of our unequalled con-, stitution for a man to accuse himself, anti that the same rule, founded on reason afid justice, should be equally applicablo' in thoe case of children. Tlhis parents slhould bear in mind, and when their elfildron commit some fatult, such as breaking glass, or some other domestio matter, they should not call upon them to accuse thlotsolvoa of it, nor endeavor to repair tihe mischief by chastisement or cruelty, especially when such delinquency' has boon caused unintentionally, or by acci dent. No child should be kept to study, or any one particular: branch of study for a long period, but'it is bottpr that one idea lshould be acquirbd, than'tho memory be loaded with twenty at a time. It is said tlat Mr. Edgeworth taught a child to read any word itn the English and Latin languages, in. the short space of eight hours, not conseooutive hours, but at the rate of six or seven minutes in the day, and het also taught a child of four years of ago to pronounce any word in the French and English languages in thoe same space of titme. He was strongly of opinion that more information can be communicated by this method in schools, in one tenth of the time, than by the usual practico of teaching; attnd the plan proposed by his sister, the celebrated Miss Edgeworth, has long been nacknowledged as the behst of many suggested. Pcttazolli's method, which commenced asto soon as an infant was capable of per ception, inflicted a premature and labo rious notion on the just dawning intel lootual fitnulties, twas followed too fr'quently by injury to the noi'vous system, and ovirry function of the body and faculty of the mind, andti consequently, was highly delotrimental to the health, growth, and proper development of those subjected to its rules. Bodily exorciso should follow, and for a similar period, the state of st or inaction in which ceildroen are ivhile pursuing their studios. O(hildron ought,to, be oausod to study, not driven or hIuntdd to it, for few hlave a taste or dosire for it especially at first, and infantile nvorsion' is ofteln increased by the erroneous systents, and repulsive tmanners of many podagogues, who expest too muoh f'rom hlildren, and oxaotnt such rules as to inspiro disgust, feaort', and oven terror to tile great injnry of young minds and bodily constitutions. In tite mttdienl profession it is almost gonornlly allowed, tlhat premature miental eoxertion is injn. riots, and tlhe remarkle of Cmsar about tihe Gormans, is worthy of neceptant.ion even in our present tinto. IIe found theom roe bust in body on aceountof thle negligence with which theoy treaoted tloir minds; they weore allowed to follow tlhe diotates of nature fromnt the earliest period, to enjoy and tako exercise, within confineo monet to stuldy, and this was tlohe clthief eauso of their robust statures, antld vigor ous frames, whlioh excited thle admiration of thie Romari Emperor. Theoro is a great difforonoe in tto dovelopment of tile intoellotual faculties aneording to indi vidual constitutinns, and this we sitnoess ovory day,.1by tlhe greateor progress sonte hildrons make in leorning tlhan othlers, and I thlinl this as a rule may be ob served, that, ttoso childron lwhose facul ties are upt the most aouto, or precoonions, ore gonorally the mtost.robust, There nan be no doubt but thlat sovero and con tant study forms a great impediment to tle geonral hIalnth oftle olhil, a matter vhioh cannot be too olmuch or seriously tlhouglbt:of in the present ago, lwhen tlohere s suchtan ardent dosire to diffuse know. lodgo, and this dispoasition on the part of parents, for show off, or eclat, makes them forget, that, while they are doing all in their power to make their children prodi gies of learning, they are, perhaps un consciously, imaking them also the victims of ill-health, and preparing thom.as oecu pants for an early tomb. The old adage, "learn froti your parents," is now changed to the modern saying, " the child teacohes his grandfather," and this knowledge would ho all very well, were it not that it is too often obtained or purchased by the sacrifice of health anl, strength, if not life itself. I hold that no child should be sent to school before he or she has attained the age of five or six years, and before this timio'if their parents are prudent, thopghtful, people, they can acquire much useful informa tion by being taught the names, uses, and properties of thousands of objects that so constantly surround them. This should be the duty of parents while their children are of such tender years, and there are many advantages to be gained by such a course, for the follies, vices, bad conduct and bad examples nc quired in school by imitation and close communion, are thereby avoided and often tihes prevented. It is urged, and by some insisted on, tihat the education of schools, oven for very young childron, sharpens the wit and expands the faculties of the mind more than parental instruction. This may, to some extent, be true; but it is not, in my mind, to be compared to home learning, which also admits of the most unrestricted freedom for enjoying pure air and unshackled exercise. Thero are, however, many and grievious things that may be urged against home training and not without veny sufficient reason. For instance, soils parents may be too harsh and severs towards their children, while others run into the very opposite extremes of fondness and indulgence, creating a peevish, self-willed, and fantastic disposi tion, which is not so soon or easily got rid of, and which may continue to the obvious injury of health. There are few who have not noticed a "spoiled child," and, too often, wit h such eapri eiousness, a delicate and debilitated con stitution. Tihe methods often employed in the correction of children are some times very bad. A child will be shut up in some dark apartment, and terrified on being threatened with ghosts, blackfellows, and a hundred other real or imaginary beings; and this has, in many instances I could relate, been followed by omnvul. sions, chorea, or St. Vitus' dance, which resulted, in some cases, even in death. Years even hill not efface the effectsof fright and terror contracted in early life; sbme carry with thenm such impressions long after puberty has set in, and many adults too, have the same unfounded fears. Childron should not, therefore, be sub jected to any means of correction or punishment which may tend to much fear or terror, or with the vain hope of tranquillising them. And another great error parents commit is, when they show fondness and partiality fqr one child more than another, as it is sure' to beget envy, jealousy, and other feelings projudical to health. Moral education should be ae companied with a knowledge of physical education, or the means which are neces sary for preserving the bodily frame in It healthy state, and by those combined means parents will be enabled to ensure their olfspring the blessinigs of a sound mind in a sound body. I will return to this subject again. 