THB UNBOLTED DOOR. kn aged widow sat alone Beside her narrow hearth; Her silent cottage never heard The ringing laugh of mirth. ! 8ix children once had sported there, but now the churchyard gnsw Fell sol'tlj on five little graves that were not long ago. Bhe mourned them all with patient lore, But since her eyes had shed Far bitterer tears than those which dewed The faces of the dead. The child which had been spared to her, her darling aad hor The woeful mother lived to wish that she had also died '. Those liUle ones beneath the snow, N'ot lost, but gone before ; Faith taught her all was well with them, Aad then the pan* was o'er ; But when she thought where Katie was, she saw the city's fflara, The painted mask ot bitter joy which Need gives Sin to wear. Without the snow was thick and white, No step had fallen there : ' Within she sat beside her fire, liach thought a silent prayer. When suddenly, behind her seat, unwanted noise she heard, As though a hesitating hand the rustic latch had stimd. She turned, and there thg wanderer stool, With snowflajces on her hair, A faded woman, wild and worn, The ghost of something fair. And then upon the mother's neck the withered brew was laid. ' Can God and you forgive me all? for 1 timve sinned,' she sail. The widow dropped upon her knees, Before the fading fire, And thanked the Lord, whose lsving haai Had granted her desire. The daughter kneeled beside her too, tears streaming from her eyes, And prayed, ' God help me to be good to mother ere she dies -' They did not talk about the sin , The shame, the bitter woe : They spoke about those litUe graves. And things of long ago. And then the daughter raised her eyes, and said in tender tons, ' W»ionir^oa yoni d°°r *'it* 'My ohild,' the widow said, and smiled A smile of love and pain : ' I kept it so lest you should oome. And turn away again : I've waited for you all the while— a mother's lore is true ; Vet is it but the shadowy type of His who died for you !' ? ? I. F, Hpnteu's Hill Municipality, Friday, 9th March, 1867.— Present: The chairman f W. B. Campbell), councillors I-. N. Joubert, and C. E. Jeanneret. Councillor Campbell handed ia his declaration aa chairman, and took the cbair. Minutes of meeting for nomination and election of councillor and auditors were read and signed by the chairman. Minutes of last meeting were read and confirmed. Ur. J. T. Hazeland and Mt, Stopps's declarations as auditors were handed in by the clerk. A letter was read from Ur. J. E. Firth, stating that, having left the dis trict, he begged to tender his resignation. Uoved by councillor Joubert, seconded by councillor Jeanneret, 'That councillor Firth's resignation be accepted and his scat be de clared vacant.' The following committees were appointed Finance — Councillors frown, Clarke, and Jeanneret, Improve ment—Councillors Joubert, Clarke, and Jeanneret. Uoved by councillor Joubert, seconded by councillor Camp bell, — 'That councillor Jeanneret be appointed treasurer.' Moved by councillor Joubert, seconded by councillor Jeanneret, — ' That councillors Joubert, Brown, and Jeanneret.be appointed to examine and revise tbe assessment for the current year.' Letters read, 1st, from Mr, Creswick, efGladesviUc, re questing to hire council chambers, reierred to the chairman ; 2nd, from Ur. Mansfield, on the subject of his award. Oa the * motion of councillor Jeanneret, seconded by councillor Joubert,— 'A cheque for £10 10s, was ordered to be for warded to Ur. Mansfield, as arbitration fee,' 3rd, from Messrs. Allen, Bowden, and Allen, on the subject of Coleman's debt to the council. Moved by councillor J oubert, seconded by councillor Jeanneret, ' That the chairman's arrange ment for a compromise of the above debt, be ratified.' 4th. From Mr. Montoa, as secretary to the Hunter's Hill Musical Associa tion, on the subject of the rent of tbe council chamber.' On the motion of councillor Joubert, seconded by councillor Jeanneret, Mr. Manton's offer was accepted. 5th. From the Under Secre tary for Lands, enclosing documents on the subject of thegraac for Onion's Point Boad, The clerk was directed lo acknowledge the receipt of same. Gth. From the Treasury, stating that the Government Endowment had been paid to the City Bank to the credit of the council. The clerk was requested to write ut the Minister for Lands, stating that the council propose at once to extend the wharf eight feet from Its present frontage, aud re questing the necessary permission. Moved bycouncillor Jouber:, seconded by councillor Jtuimerct, — 'Thut the chairman be re quested to apply to the minister for lands for a grant in aid of the repairs neccssaiy to the public road through the government rcscrvo at Tarban, the same having been rendered impassable by recent government traffic, and also to ascertain whether it is the intention of the Government to hand over tbe new punt and build ings, andtbetoll6tobcconcctedtbcreontotheiuumtipality.' The chairman laidontbc table the c-Btimatcsoftbcprobableexpenditure for the ensuing year, aleo a statement of the probable receipts calculated at tbe maximum rate for general purposes. On the motion of councillor Joubert, seconded by councillor Jeanneret, 'the estimate was adopted. Moved by councillor Joubert, eccondetl by councillor Jeanneret, — ' That tenders be invited for filling iE the approaches to the Bridge at Tarban, and for flooring the same with hardwood.' Notices of motion fornext meeting.— 1st. That a plan and estimate of the proposed alteration* lo tbe public v liarf, be submitted to the Council, and to the various .Steam Companies using the same, for their approval. Snd. Tbat tho uFFCesinrnt arrived at by the assessment committee he cousi-Ieved. Tbe meeting was then adjourned. Wooli.aiica 5Ir.Mcn-Ai.iTY. — A meeting of the council * is held on the 5th instant. Fresent— The chairmau (Mc. Rar.doiiih Net;;, councillors Triekett, Oatley, Fairfax, Guilfoyle, and Ireland. The minutes of the previous meeting were read and eontirmcd. It was resslved unanimously, 'That councillor Oiithy be re-elected tieasurer.and tbat the commitLecs consist of the Mloving members :— Improvement committee: councitlm-s Gointan, Oatley, Triclcctl, ilulman, Guilfoyle, and Fairfax; finance committee: Oatley, German, Ireland, Triekett, and Fairfax; Double Bay Keeervc committee: Triekett, Guilfoyle. and bulman : water committee : Gorman, Ireland, Bulnuin, aaJ. Fairfax ; lighting committee: Gorman, Fairfax, and Ireland; The assessment committee, the whole council. The report of the improvement committee ot the 26th February was brought upby councillor Oatley, and received. It wus unanimously ictolvcd that the standing orders be suspended, and the report adopted. Pursuant to notice, it waB moviel by councillor Fairtax, seconded by councillor 7'rieketi, and carried, ' Tbat the report of the iu prft vcment committee of the 29th .l&nuury;, be adopted.' Tbe reports of the finance committee of the 12th, 19thr aid 2Gili February, containing items amounting to £17G 11a. Cd., were brought up by councillor Oatley. It was moved by coun cillor Oatley, seconded by councillor Guilfoyle, and carried, ' That the reports be adopted.' A numerously signed petition wus received and read from rcadcnt6 in Double nay, complaining of a nuisance existing »n tbe premises of Mr. bpalin, in WJlliam strect, Double Boy. It was moved by councillor Oatley, seconded by couacillor Guilfoyle, and caracd, ' That the matter be left in the hands of the ohuirmon to take legal measures if ntces sary.' A letter was read from Sir Alfred Stephen, calling the attention of the council to the nuisance arising from the straying of goata, and enclosing a memo .shswiug the slate of ' he law. - The council gave directions to tho inspector of nuisances to be vigilant, and to Impound all goats found stray ing, and also to summons the owners thereof. A letter was read from tbe trustees of the Point Piper Estate informing the oouacil tbat tbey bad received by the hands of Mr. Druitt an abandon ment by those tenants on the Point Piper Estate— who arc inte rested— of the continuation of William-street easterly from tbe New South Head Boad, and were prepared to dedicate the new line as soon as thecouncil furnish the requisite plan and descrip tion. Four notices of motion were banded In, aud the council adjourned, 