I MARRIED FOR MONEY. | I From Belgravia, for Marche v Ivy AS all over between us, you thought, when we parted, it was good-bye to me and to trouble or care, A sigh and a roar, a Door boy broken-hearted, Mattered not, for what feelings had you then to spare ' It was nothing to you that no) boat hopes were shattered, For you know all the time that you mount woabould part ? Did you think with fair words I should ever feel flattered, From lips feigning truth with such falseness at heart ? Ah, lovely and lost one, I lurk in the gloaming, And think of one midsummer twilight last year, But one little year past, when we two were roaming With band locked in band li) the still solemn more. Have you, love, forgotten that night and those places, Half w whispered, half nobbs, neath that calm summer sky ? While still in an oar faintly sun or the edges, And still the low plash of the water sounds nigh. They tell me you're happy and yet, on reflection, I find the) talk more of our wealth than of you, And if you have moments of thought or dejection, It may be Those moments are known but to few. You've) a boudoir in bull, and an Board a queue, love, You breakfast off She was of the real bleu du Roi , While what could give you whose heart was BO true, love, Save that poor posy ring, with its " Pensez 11 most " Mow blame not your husband, nor think you're used badly, Fort was simply a matter of money and trade, You named him your "figure.' he paid it most gladly, But your heart was no part of the bargain his trade He wanted a wife who could well hold his table, Who would humor his whims and obey his behests, One level and clay or, one willing and able To prove his good taste and to talk to his guests. There) are times when midst riches and splendour you languish When to still your poor conscience you fruitlessly try Whilst tears are fast falling in bitterest anguish, You confess There is something that money can't buy. Yet, love, There are memories that will not be buried, There's a ghost of the dead past that will not be laid , And while in the Maelstrom of pleasure j you're hurried, Do you never meet the son of an of the shade ? 