THE IRISHMAN IN PARIS. Since the return of the Imperial party from Salzburg, it has made a sort of informal progress in the North -Western provinces. Lille, Arras, and Dunkirk (which, by the way, is about to be transformed into a strong port of war) have been visited, cheers and laurels have welcomed the august travellers, a smile has been coaxed upon the impassive countenance, of the' 'EmrWnr ' and in the fullness of his heart he has spoken. In the fullness of his heart— let me recall the expression ! That man never speaks but from, a cautiously- weighed motive and in deliberate words. He is no impassioned boy, but a deep, resolute, long-thinking man. Talleyrand said language was a fa«ulty — given to us for the con cealment of our thoughts. Louis Napoleon illus trates the definition. When he strikes, the first intimation of his intentions you receive is the uplifted aim. When he speaks, before you trust his words you must calculate probabilities pro and con. Well, he has spoken ; and what is thought of his words ? That they are, despite a pacific tone, ominous of -warlike designs. But like -uui,u wan no aa,ya, mey resemme tne responses of the Delphic oracle, in that they may be in terpreted either way. In one of- his recent dis courses he employed a sentence, which is very remarkable :— « While holding aloft the national flag, we should not allow ourselves to be drawn away by unseasonable (ihtcm'pestif) impulses, however patriotic they may be.' Read that over again and note the choice of expressions. The adjective 'unseasonable' is just that which you would employ to rebuke a project which carried your heart's warmest approval.' It is a neat, mild-mannered adjective. And then that 'patriotic' which follows in the same clause. Taking them both together, I translate them thus :— ' You know, my friends, we are botihd to bring down the pride of Prussia one of these days; but don't be in too great a hurry. 'We hadn't the Chassepots ready when you were itching for a fight some months ago. Wait till you get into condition, and then, nabocJclish. won't I give you the word.' That is my trans lation, but Louis Napoleon is such an incompre hensible fellow it may turn out that he meant something or anything else. Take a phrase in another of his speeches, 'dark spots.' What do those dark spots, which rise on the horizon of France, signify, what can they signify, but the Buaaen rise oi rrussia and its vaunt of prepond erance in the Councils of Europe ? In this approaching contingency of war with Prussia, it ia worth while to examine how the public feeling goes in that country. A friend, a keen observer and free from prejudice, who has been spending some time lately in Germany, as sures me that there is a strong jealousy of France in Prussia and aseethincrloairA t.n moga»-.a f^nnn with her. The dominance of Prussia seems to be accepted with contentment. To realise Ger-' man unity, the force of some great overcoming and thoroughly German power was required, andPiussia, waa thatpovver. Its administrative ability la acknowledged by Germany at large, is econmy and talent in its system of internal management and its military prestige is such as last year s campaign has established enough, in conscience, to satisfy the most exacting aspira tions.' But Prussia fighting Austria with the. advantage of the needle- gun on its side, and Prussia fighting France, are different things. / ?£Ur?? I} ,einS Prejudiced unduly in favour ot the French people, amongst whom I count many friends, think that Prussia would not stand the ghost of a chance in a war. But my fnend impresses on me that the Prussians will bear a great deal of punishment; the English stubbornness of spirit is strong amongst them. They will take a defeat better than the French and recover from its effects sooner. They are heavier men. as a rule, than the French, especially the Pomeran ians, and weight tells in hand-to-hand fighting. But the brisk activity of the Chasseurs-a-piecf, where is that, or the magnificent elan of the £ouaves? The sooner war comes the better for' Prussia ; for, truth to speak, the French are not prepared for it at the moment. Only thirtv-five thousand men are armed with theChassepot cun which is admittedly superior to the weapon with which the Prussiana gained their victory at Konniggratz It is a remarkable circumstance that those thirty five thousand men are quar tered m the north and eaat, from Dunkirk to Strasburg, the precise localities where the first encounter&of; the strugglewould take place ; and that in those fortresses where a battalion wis placed last yearr a : regiment twice ifcs'BVreactli'» stationed now. 6 w ^ If a war crime, as come, it ' wiU, and England be drawn into it, where are its generals ? Xor^ Straithnairn, a Bkilful and energetic officer wiU be made a divisional -commander ; Sir Robert Napier, too, perhaps ; but who will be the Com^ mander-in-chief ? Naturally the Duke of Cam. bridge will be the leader nominally ; but thV real man the coming man of England, is Mans! neld, the Commander of the Forces 'in India ' : This name will be new to you— I don't behW he has ever held an independent command?' but his reputation is very high in professional circles. MacMahon is the man on the French side. England, in such a war, would be France'* ally though England would much prefer nav ? -» would laugh in her sleeve, to see Prussia and France, isolated, leaping at each others throats There are two men in Paris who are 'tw very spit' of the Emperor. One keeps a dance house and the other a drinking-house. Cseaar its very like these Porapeys, especially thcPomnevs It appears there is yet another individual wfi' astonishingly resembles the Emperor, a German M. Schmdler, a Deputy of the Austrian PariS' : ment, is own brother to Louis Napoleon1 «aa like as two peas.' In the course of the EaT peror s sojourn at Salzburg, he expressed a desire to seethis reflex of himself. The Deputy came and the two had a dialogue in German, during which the Emperor developed some of hif ' thoughts about Austria. He praised very mu«h the encouragement recently given in Austria L railway enterprme, and promised to interest French capitalists in such projects as were in contemplation. He said he considered the movement of the Sclaves, for distinct national recognition, as grave, and felt that these nation alities should be prudently treated. -fYes» added M. Schindler. ' but allow m* f« ««„ _!'_ Hungarian, that Hungary is not content with the measures granted her ;,she regards them as msuttxcient, and their acceptance a capitulation ' Ihe Emperor then proceeded to speak of the Austrian army, which he looked upon as capable of development and giving promise of a brilliant future. He concluded by a reference to Mexico ?iTailge,iU,bject for him t0 seek) 5 the Mexicans he held,' possess all the faults of the Spaniard and none of his good qualities. Do they desert triends, after leading them into a c« l-de'-iac* Perhaps. ? The tide of tourists from England is 'just now 1 16 ?ood- I was in N otre Dame the other day and had the misfortune to meet some of them who were visiting the relics at the same time with myself and some Irish friends. These relics are sacred, and patented by authentic tradition'. In addition to such minor yet in teresting memorials as the mantle in which the ' Fir?fc -Napoleon was crowned, the vestments in which Archbishop- Sibour was assassinated in the Church of St. Etienne du Mont, and the robe which the glorious Affn* wore when he was ' piercea Dy a needless bullet on the barricades, there are a piece of the True Cross, part of the ' Crown of Thorns, and one of the nails driven into our Saviour's flesh at. his Crucifixion. These s are exposed in a special place by a clergyman. 'What is he showing ?' asked an Englishwoman % of her companion. « ' Oh ! a piece of a cross, the ' crown of thorns, and the devil knows what .'' ' answered her1 companion, a flippant pretentious ' Cockney tourist, who knew enough French to curse a waiter. I am a peaceful man; but I confess when I heard him I felt an extraordinary ' tightening in the toe of my boot. But the place was sacred, and he escaped— and I, also, for it is possible I should have been conducted to the post did I give my inclination play.— Irishman. 