VISIT OF THE K.C. P.ISITOP OF ADELAIDE TO MOUNT GAMMISB. The Uight Key. Dr. Shiel having announced his intention of visiting Mount Gambier on Friday, the 18th instant, a large number of thn Cutlio tc community nrcDared t-- meet His Ivinlt-liin nmt In give him a hearty welcome on this his first visit. But Dr. Shiel having been taken suddenly ill. deemed it advisable to proceed to the Mount ir ore rapidly than hs had intended, thus anticipating the public demonstration. His Lordship, accom panied by his Secretary, the Kev. J. E. T. Woods, and the Rev. J. N. Hinterocker. arrived at the Presbytery shortly before 7p.m. on Thursday. ()a Saturday a deputation waited upon him, and thn followiig addresa, which was printed upon wli'e silk and edged with fringe, was presented to him:— ' To the Right Kev. the Lord Bishop of Adelaide. ' We the Catholics of Mount Gambier take this our first opportunity to offer our hear - felt congratu ations on your Lordship's recent elevation to the See of Adelaide, and to testify the joy we experience at your arrival amongst uh. Your well-known reputation a- a zealoua and devoted pastor, and especially your elect on by the Holy Ghost to rule the Church of God as one of the successors of the Apostles, inspire us with sentiments of confidence that the interests of our holy faith will flourish more and more in your paternal hands and in confirmation of thiu wo have only to glance at the many works in aid of religion inaugurated by your Lordship's zeal and charity. ' ltemotely situated as we are from the centre of the diocese, and notwithstanding to many years have elapsed since we enjoyed the happiness of welcoming our Bishop, we sincerely truBt that the labours oi our faithful clergy have not been with out fruit; and we will also venture Id add that in in attachment to the Holy Fee, and the ieflcei t and veneration that are due to the Episcopal character, we may not bear an unfavourable comparison with the Catholics of more mighty favoured dis tricts. ' Praying that God may long spare your Lord ship to preside over us as a father and apostle, and promising on our part the most hearty co-operation and filial obedience, we once more bid you a hearty welcome and beg your Lordship's Kpucopal bles sing. TIIO3. UOSAH. MlCIIAKL BTKSK. 'Jas. Cullkn. PinurllYAj*. ' Jno. Bennett. Chahlrs Fox.' His Lobdship thanked the deputation for the address, and remarked that every part of it was pervaded by a Catholic spirit aince he had no personal claims upon them he accepted the com. pliment as paid to him in the capacity of a Catholic Bishop. He was gratified at the allusion in it to the Pastor of the Mount Gambier Church, as he knew from personal operation that the compli raent was well deserved. He was also gratified at their willingness to cooperate with him in any undertaking for the benefit of the Church. On Sunday morning the Bishop, assisted by the Very Kev. the Dean and the Ilev. J. E. T. Woods, celebrated Mass and administered Uoly Commu. mon in presence of a large congregation, and at 11 o'clock be administered the Sacrament of Con. firmation. The church was crowded to excess, people of all denominations being present to wit ness the ceremony. Eighty-three candidate*' pre sented themselves for Confirmation, the majority wearing white veils, which, in addition to the decorations of the church with wreaths of flowers and evergreens, rendered the ceremony imposing. Over the altar was a scroll with the device 'Wel- come to our Bishop,' worked in green leaves on a white ground. His Lordship was assisted by the Very Rev. the Dean, the Uev. J. E. T. Woods, the Bev. J. N. Hinterocker, and the Kev. C. Von dcr Heyden. Prayers were read in the evening by the Bev. C. Von der Heyden, after which the Bishop delivered a most edifying discourse, in which he alluded to the fact of our Saviour being brought to the temple at an early age by bis parents, and reminded Christian parents of the solemn obliga tion they were under with regard to their children. The choir, consisting of the school children, sang several hymns and the Litany. His Lordship expressed himself much pleased with the progress they had made, as they sang in a manner which reflected great credit on their teachers, and on the Bev. C. Von der Heyden, who bestows much care and time on them. On Monday evening the Ser. J. N. Hinterocker delivered a sermon in German to a large congregation, in* eluding several of the leading German Proles tants, who expressed universal satisfaction at the rev. gentleman's eloquent and instructive discourse, in which he demonstrated the unity of the Church. On Monday morning Dr. Shiel accompanied by his Secretary and the Dean* started for Penola, whence he will proceed to Hamilton,— Corrtipondtnl, to 