fTE&SS; OF NEWS. On Monday a Chinatnan offered for Bale to Mr CraWcoiSr, a riug made after the fashion of those people. The vendor alleged the article to be gold, but examination discovered it to be silver overlaid with gold, The Mongolian was handed over to the police charged with, attempting to fraudently im pose. The Chinese vagabond fraternity seem to bo prodigal in their patronage of Mr Hatch, at Aber deen hill. On Monday the " General " of the brotherhood for this district, called at the establish ment ostensibly to effect a purchase. Bsl'.eving himself to be unobserved, be carried away a large box of sperm candles. In a few minutes the thief was relieved of his burden, aud conducted to. his old quarters kept by Mr Lloydd, near the Polioe Court. The heat of Tuesday and yestorday was intense. On the former day the thermometer registered 106 at three p.m. On Wednesday at II a.in, the ther mometer stiod at the same point, and during the .Mternoon the heat was proportionally intense. The high state of the weaUheriiT most exhausting its; effects. Ou invalids it has operated terribly, and even on the physically stroDg its influence has proved most prejudicial. The above was taken from the register kept by Dr Meears, at Chewton. In Castlemaine, at midday, the thermometor at Mr Garot's was 98 iu the shade, and 130 iu the sun. At 10 in the morning the barometor stood at change and by four o'clock in the afternoon it had fallen to rain. A downpouring may therefore be expected in less than 24 hours. A mob of travelling store cattle are now iu the vicinity of Dubbo, affected with most conta gious disease. Inoculation has takeu place, but 6ome of the auimals have died, aud others are said to be iu so weak a state as to be perfectly power less. The Talbot Leader writes : — An attempt at what may by justly termed an imposition on a charitable institution has come to light in the case of a man named Alfred Copas, a miner, who resided at Ma jorca, aud who died la3fc week in the Amherst District Hospital. The deceased had for several months suffered with severe headaches, aud although under medical care at Majorca he experienced no relief. At length lie applied for admission to the Amherst Hospital, which he obtained on the 5th of November. Under the treatment of Mr Dixon he so much improved that about a week prior to his death he requested the doctor's permission to leave the institution, assigning as a reason that ho was convalescent. Mr Dixon recommended him to con tinue an inmate of the hospital at least a week or' two longer, which advice Copas admitted it was prudeutto act ou. On the plea of urgent- business, bow-ever, he obtained leave of absence for a day or two, and on his return after a longer absence than was granted bim, suffered much from a violent cold he had caught. A day or two afterwards he breathed his last. A post mortem examination was made by Dr Dixon, who found that the imme diate cause of death was congestion of the lungs, aocelei-at-ed by the exposure to which he had been subjected during his temporary absence from the hospital. Further investigation showed that the headaches were caused by enlargement of the heart, the walls of which were three-quarters of an inch thick, the whole weighiog one pound. The impo sition alluded to is after death Copas was found to have been an owner of a bill on the London Char tered Bank for £10, another bill for £52, mining scrip to the value of £40, thre<2 £1 notes, 12s in silver, and a silver watcb. All these assets he had carefully concealed from his fellow patients and the hospital authorities. We may add that steps will be taken to secure on this property a certain sum per week for maintenance, etc., of the de ceased who could so well have afforded to pay for board and medical atteudanca without taxing the resources of an institution already overburdened by the claims of poor people. An article in the South Australian Register, en titled "The Power of the Sword in Northern Australia," and justifying soui9 harsh measures to wards the aborigines, has eTcited a hearty protest from an anonymous correspondent. South Aus tralia is not the only colony to which this remon strance seems applicable. "I will ask the many devoted Christains in this colony, or even any manly, fair-dealing Englishman," he says, "tore- view the manner in which these pour wretched, un protected, and helpless savage- have been treated. Mark the feelings with which Stuart's repulse was received amongst us. Was there any general feel ing of sympathy for these poor creatures, who acted simply as we should against aay hostile fcrce land ing on these shores ? No. The present Chief Jus tice, in his place in the House of Assembly, raised his voice against the majority, who demanded that Stuart should be sent out with more men and more revolvers ; but the greed for the land of these poor creatures swauiped every Christian- like feeling to proceed amongst them as the Bible dictates or fair feeling suggests. And let mo ask yon, Sir, have these savages ever denied the right of hospitality to the extent of their miserable condition, or failed to protect any European who fell into their hands in an utterly unprotected or defenceless condition ? Think of the ungodly manner in which the Northern Territory was founded. Ungodly ! — that is a term not easily understood or respected ; let me simply say dishonest. Stuait and his party came back to Adelaide, and stated that he had performed a cer- \- « « - p v? r\ t tain work, and reaches tne snores or van uieroen s Gnlf. That was sufficient. Our Government, im mediately acting upou their preconceived notions of the helple-s condition of the aborigines, claimed rhe land, and publicly sold it at so much per acre. Trace the conduct, of this band of colonists— an off shoot from a Christian community ; witness their lifo at Adam Bay ; their eonduct to tho unpro tected and lawful or equitable occupiers of the soi'. Does their conduct appear in nnv better light than that of the savages who helped themselves to tho flour aud sugar of the trespassers ?" Some time ago, says tlio Independent, public at tention was called to a disgraceful scene which oc curred near Gibraltar, arising from the unexpected return from New Zealand of an injured husband, Mr W , to his faithless wife, who had. been con soled iu his absence by a guy Lothario, named A . Our readers may remember that the in furiated husband pursued the destroyer of his house hold hapuiuess (who was almost in a state of j nudity at the time) across sliulge dams aud water poo's, uuiil he effected bia escape undercover of the darkness of the night-. Tho husband thou returned, and. after thrashing his wife for her infidelity, again left his home. It uow appears that after \V 's seeond departure, A- soon found his way hack to the habitation of the wife, aud took up his aboilo with her as before. Thus the adulterous pair lived together, in apparent security, till Sun day last, when like the ghost in Dou Tuau, to mar tlieir happiness, tho husband again made his ap pearance, accompanied by ahorse and dray, for the purpose of taking the wife of his bosom, aud his household gods, away from the sphere of A— 's attractions. The second act of the drama thou commenced by W — , administering to liia wife a Found connubial "lambasting," while the cause of the mischief, A — , sat on a heap of tailings a short distance off. and navc?vent to his excited feelinos in \- friuy tears. A t length thinking that gnieut had gone far enough, he delicately py poking iu at the door a pole, some 10 igfcb, following up the attack with a etoues. The weeping Helen was then to stop outside in rather a state of des- 1 while she dressed, A— went in and ijhe lion in his den." A eombat ensued Mf tdetermiued description, both combatants H 2red with wounds and blood. After PS Wever, an adjournment was rnado by all h s3 to a neighbouring store, where some a rash meats were partaken of, and the dis- B lady asked the advice of the bystanders, ra 'fe her course of conduct should be. "How If fid I be with either were t'other dear char- H l" was tho burden of lior lament, and it was H the two, the illegel ford was most i "> kuk legitimacy eouquered, aud she g accompany her husbaud to other fields aud B (hfew. A most .affecting tableau took i rin the farewell began between those who 9 /fed not wisely but too well and kueeling ,0 Norma, A — , in toues treamlous with Hrimmeuded the (his) child to the care of lothcr. Part of the house was tbea pulled Yohaiiot was mounted by the re-united 