*%> ?. . the first favourite has not managed to repeat his Derby triumph, as it was fondly hoped and expected by many that he would, still ie managed to obtain the second honours. In my last I said that thd revulsion in favour of Achievement, owing to her amended1 appear anoe quite as much as to her easy victory over the somewhat stale Vauban, was so great, that it would not be very unlikely that Achieve ment might achieve first favourite befort the race; and for a short time onthe night before the race she did really manage to take that place. She did not maintain it, however, for there was a strong feeling in favour of Hermit amongst a large division of the talent, who were by no means slack in their auriferous demonstrations, -while the mob rather went for Achievement, perhaps upon the principle which makes a man cry " tails" when tossing. The question , to determine as I looked at it was-was Achievement's present form equal to her two* year-old form? and from all that one could hear and gather it was. And as she had as a two-year-old met Yauban three times, and always beaten him a great deal worse than Hermitbad, *why, if "public running goes for anything, the mare should have been the first favourite when it was known that Bhe was all right and sound and in good form again. As thinga turned. otot, but for a bit of luck in the twiBting of Julius's plates, Herfnit would pro bably nbtevenhave taken the second money. ' Mr. Chaplinhas indulged him in too much retirement, tad has made literally a Hermit of him, hating enshrouded him in the cave of mystery, and the hermit at Cremorne or the dramatic fond fSte probably turned out better " specs" ?*"»» the Hermit at Doncaftter. He , has been badly managed, for only being allowed %o appear in the Derby and Leger, he has turned up a lot of good things which he might, have gone in for with a tolerable certainty s of bringing off successfully. It does not pay'; now-a-days to keep a hone for only one or 1 two big races, more particularly when it is very uncertain whether' he will be able to realise them. The iDoncaster Meeting was j ooite op to its usual form. The weather was delightful, the company numerous. The ** tykes," as I see the press call the rough portion of the pablic, though a "tyke" in northern phrase is a " terrier, were abundant and demonstrative. On the first day the Fitz william Makes and the Great Yorkshire Handi cap are'the chief events. In the first the favourite, ITrippOnier, just managed to get his fifjui in front of Sundeelah, after a fine race. Tn the handicap,' the Dtike of Beaufort's Seville, "who. .-was' thefevourite,won easily, beating iThaliaand a dozen others pretty much as jhe Hkfed. An odd fiasco turned up in the "Champagne - Stakes. The favourite, Blue Gown, was ridden by Wells, who, after tiding a. capital watting race, got cleverly through',h&f; hotter and won easily. On coming to ,t)ie soak he was found Jo be 21b. over the weight (8st. 101b.), pud' was dis qualified. Ho doubt the* truth is that he cannot ride 8s& 101b., and has not been .able to for some time, in 'which case, of course, he should not have .ridden at all; and how he managed to weigh out so that Mr. Manning did not qpot the overweight is sqid to he. a mystery.' But the slightest touoh of the toe on the ground will send 21b. up. It was, of, course, an awM sell for Sir JosephHawley, to whom'the colt belpugs, and to his backer and a very unexpected fluke of luck for the ring, the stakes going to J¥irtue, a Stock well filly, belonging to Mr. Holmes, who made her first appearance, and very creditably, on this < occasion.'. Moral-"Bememberj oh jockey of an h»ndred victories, that Champagne Stakes are one thing, bat champagne break fast* axe hiute another, and that you cannot longrideost. 101b.at both. TheSt. Leger is always run on the second day of theraeftting. It drew (the- usual assemblage tqgether, but . from the fact that by universal consent the issue had been allowed to rest on a mere match between Achievement and Hermit, there was not so much variety in the opinions expressed as usu&L; The mare was in grand form. Her long easy stride, aridher skin shining like satin, show ing thepegfeqtion of her condition,as she walked pastas cool and undisturbed as though she were but takUg a turn round heroin paddock, raised her many friends, and bud were the offers to " back the mare j" for, on the other hand, Hehnifc seemed fidgetty and heated, and. lathered iboattbeneckas he cantered'hy. The betting at starting in the ring was 6 to 5 agst Hiermifc ftp 4*gst Achievement, 12 to 1 agst Vaubai," 14 to l lift' Julius. I tjuspd not describe the nee. Achievement, admir ably ridd&lj; {Shauoner, took the front irlwn It suited lift, attd ^liifld it totheend. Once Custanoe ttied to iafog the fovonrite up with m rush, ^Ifc^ almbprt rei^i^ l^ inaw^s quartess, but C&afidbar;, with©# nwK. either leftfiim'^lth^ *?>??*-"1 the career, and he makes out that she has won-in stakes alone her own weight in gol& a rattier startling conclusion perhaps, but it is thus ? demonstrated- She has run in twenty raqes, and won fifteen of them, and the amount of the stakes thus realised is £28,000, and sup-' posing gold to be worth £3 17s. 6d. per OE., there wonld run about 7,000 sovereigns to the cwt., and putting her weight at 4bwk, that would make 28,000 sovs., < or her weight in gold. What she has realised,, also, in the way of bets it would probably be impossible to say, but it ie said tnat. the Marquis of Hastings won by basking her considerably more than the value of all the stakes put together at. Doncaster. Talk of the golden calf! There seems to be something like sacrifioe to the Bhrine of the golden mare going on in ring circles. No doubt, as Punch remarks," the greatest achievement of the year is Colonel Pearson's." I have kept my parcel open to the last moment, to say something about the Newmarket first Ootober Meeting. Yesterday was the first day, and no great deal was done worth fiotioing. Hie only thing that carried weight as affecting future events was the St Leger Stakes. For this Hippia, Bardn Rothschild's Oaks winner, was the favourite. But to the surprise of all shft wasn't in the race. The struggle lay between' Owain fjrlyndyfrr (who may be interesting to you,, by the way, as he is by Young Melbourne out of Tasmania's dam) and Trocadero; but he managed to lick the Frenohman by a head, Hippia a bad third, and Bqquefort nowhere. This brought OwainGUyndy wr into the Cesare* witch betting, in which he had not previously been named. I append the latest odds for that event, and also the prices realised by the firat lot of Lord Stamford's yearlings at New* market: CESAEEWITCH. 100 to IS agst Honesty (tic.) 10 - 1 Armourer (tk.) 11-1 -- Blinkhoolie (tk. and oft) 100- .7'- Thalia'(tk.) 100- & Maid of Maaham filly (tk.) SO- 1 Etoile Filante <tk.) 30 - 1 SeaUkin (tk.) 80 - 1 - Romping Girl (tk.) 33 - 1 Hontgoubert (tk.) 3S- 1-- Owain Glyndywr (off.) 40- 1 J alius (tk.) of Lobd Stakfobd's HORSES AT NBWJUBKET. Gs. Reindeer, a brown gelding, aged, by Mountain Deer-Sultana, Mr. Baviile 135 The Peer, a bay oolt, 4 yn old, by Newminster -Mainbxace (Fisherman's dam), bought in .. 470 Chibisa, a bay oolt, 4 yra old, by Lambton Margaret of Anjou, Mr. Hodgman .. .. 100 Sir Oliver, a cliesnat oolt, 8 yn old, by Stock well-Maria, by Harkaway, Mr. J. F. Craven 200 Kiddermuwter, a chesiiql.SOlV 3 yraold, by New minsiter-MluBobrittte djun,/Mt.. Coclcin .. 480 Artw&eL; 'fpfaown oolt, 3 yrt_obi).by Wild D*y rety-tPrinoeej,Mr. Pedlsy .. 160 Suankog, a chesnut colt, S yn old, by TYum peter^-Austrey, Mr. Simpeon,Diag .. 140 Leap Tear, & brown oolt, 3 ynoh^ by Wild Davrell-Dusk'a dam, Mr. Clayton .. .. 830 A bay filly. 3 jtb old, by Voltigeur-Bkmdelle^ Hr.Tb<3Wm .. .. 60 A bay ditto, 8 yw old, by "Wild Dayiell-Emily, Mr. C. Bah 260 A brown filly, 3 yn old, by Wild Dftyrell, Mr. Bimpeon,Dim .. ., .. .. ' 70 Feodor, a' brown oolt, 3 yn old, by Iran-Hag'' . ' on the Wing, Mr. 8. Haughton.. ... 400 ' Privilege, a bay filly, SjTaold, br Nflwmifi»Mf Lioenoe, Mr. Befetgh .. .. .. .. 100 We have amongst us a curious class of men : ready writers. They are men who are ready at the shortest notice to twite articles, not upon subject* solely with whioh they are familiar, but upon soy and all subjects. Nothing comes.amise to these gentlemen, and they would write ajo article upon the Difiereatial Calculus or Herschell's satellites for a philo* sophioal magaaine one day, and an esaay on polities', the currency, sewage, or knurr fend spell on another, with .equal readiness, if they oould only see a guinea or two at the end of it. An Bncyclopadia or. two, some newspaper files, andthereading-roomof the British Mine urn, are their stock- in-trade^ and give them all the in formation they require. Theae a» the men who study almanacs and look op theioasoni, and who are always ready to "scrape an article off* friend's back," as it is termed^ when tSey August reminds them ef grouse. The grouse disease is said to be about. ISay have seen a paragraph /eojnetrham saying thatitis to, Ckro8equenUy,aSiqioat papers aad ptriodteals have one or poroU* wA attiaudlto :o» hanging about them, thegruow hav»,gr*ve articles upon grouse disease. And the wrtgeoi'is plunged boldly into by ma& who clearly ncrar saw a bit of haa$her,tayon4 WimbledoniJom. mon or jPptiMiy Hfff^intiu^iirea^ aodall^te old aigmneots wo veproduoed, winohjtavs been threshed to death in every possibleform and shape in (the Field, at any period frwil five to t£n.year» or more a^o. Notadngle nunt was nind.riot .a aeV idea produced, nob an attempt at on* a<eo, j|p A lat litl) hMy is tbeold beate^feaoik. ,9Sm iwt is, tha JSaM has ooxufcructed initsfiles agnrt of &igtf; tot the destitute, ip the shape of a bomb® *fwy o^iinjwin ji .porting priatofviewi «nil tba Maaw oonaas ittund our ready (tab J^tbaiA 4piii«pad * and guineas out ' 8igp arii'a >4a aav aonttfains about ttiat'ii ,«Mk ihould «a53urSi*raK3^ klk>r^>(n&faui; radant^o^p^ Hf»)»:ibiywhJahd^ Udmtuy i M vA nn^ytfritiyitlwitlbswy Aot fcfaaaltflaadawtaggaat. U .land of shooting. Shore is this Bftid in its f5vour,irifc., that you can make up Jsffcei" parties, >attd obliges greater ftutaber of friends el tbpeame time,lfchany<iu oould in the old ? methiod ofshootangto dogs, bat I doubt even this and you canals© make suoha b^g that'1 it is frorth a paragraph in the oounty paper, i Bui tobalanoethis, you' destroythe interest, poetrjy,and skill afsporfcsmanship, a&d; leave .nothing behind but the dead1 dull' daughter of the ohicken.butoher or poultryman. Bbrmerly mere I slaughter was not our object, and we used jto boeontent' with from-ten or fifteen to twenty orthirty brace of birds in a'day; now we must add another figun to the total. So the paragraph gose the round of the papers, and tihen up jumpthe opponents of the Gt&me; Lawsjand point to it as a proof how " the farmer ubeing ruined by excessive preserva tion. j Arid then obme articles about the Game Laws; by people whose experience on game can hardly hare gone beyond- Leadenhall Market. One pf. these appeared lately, written by an injudicious and ill-informed M friend td shoot ing," as I snpposehewould oall himself, in the CornhiU Magazine* And next to an enemy (even j if one might not almost rank him before one) ip .point of powers of mischief, comes an injudicious and ill- informed friend. The article, though pioturesqueiy written, was full of blunders, which were very well and clearly ex pored;in the Field. It is wonderfbl how your1 ready, writer will bungle end bungle, and blunder and blunder again. Put him down on one sqbject, and he is like a bladder of wind under wato*-you shove him down on one side of fcbeboat.and be pops up as fresh as ever ob the other. So we have had a plethora of weedy articles on grouse, partridges, and game laws lately, ind as the 1st of October is at hand, when pheasant shooting commences, no doubt we shall hear something on thit score immediately. For periodicals are hard up for subject* juit now. Hie season for partridge shooting, so far* has been a bad one; the "birds have been decidedly scanty, and added to this, the harvest throughout the country has been mote or leas backward, and of oourse, so long as there is standing corn, the birds will keep within it if possible, out of harm's way, and if oar friend the former ob jects to his " whuts bein' boxed about," as our friend the farmer very often does, why it makes it had for the ehooting. 8ome .farmers do not mind your walkingthrough barley, bat object jto your going into oats; and the reason is, I suppose, thai oats an eomuoih more easily ihaken out <of the ear than barley. How ever, the season is backward, and the shoot ing, though fur in places, is generally indiffer ent, and in eome plaoee very bsd indeed. And I fear that the same cause which halt the partridges, Tie., a had breeding season, will be found to have hurt the pheasants even more, as they an kittle cattle up to a certain age, and often hard to rear. Added to this/there has been a good deal of disease, apparently somewhat akin to grouse disease, amongst the growing ooveyB in places. . ? Cricket has been flourishing wonderfully. For this is just the time of year when all the oonntry dubs are in fall play and toroe.. The All-England eleven, as usual, is playing* valorous twenty-twos, seventeens, andfifteens eager to distinguish themselves bybeingmade examples of. A more stupid practice than this cannot 'be { it compels (he eleven to underplay themselves nine times in ten, and thus does them positive harm, while it does no good to the ? - 1 i_8i:- J £w.« They can learn little from it, toeing so far overmatched, which they could learn far better by watching carefully a match at Lord's; and the expense of such melancholy exhibitions considerably -orip-1 the fond of th* ambitious country club, was one of these lively spectacles in my 1 bourfeooda wed or so ago. The "All-Mugglo ton" twenty-two played, or rather fielded that is to say, ran about after the ball-for the All-England eleven. The All-Mnggleton twenty-two went out like lambs or I »rii<K*s; they came to the shambles to he slaughtered -padded to their noses, looking to the on0x> perienoed ^observer as if they could and did evolve cricket at every pors, whereas it was really only fimk.' Tbey took theirdistanoe with atnaung care, and if attitude would hare drivena ball clean over the Chequers chimney pots, A ought to have gone there. "Play." ?"HnHoI Dear me, what is that?'' "Oh, nothing. The ball just flew over the Moulder of the hat end -tipped the bail, which yousfee | the wicket-keeper eatehes as it flies pMthiitt, and hands to ths umpire with mock gravity. That is alL" And whUst &tuggletonian; Jfo. 1! [ WaJksiown to the tent with a round O^b his . , idolgesin . eort ofoonWoBon tliafe lie wm not homed fiiriyeoinchowtandthW 8 that baft wa> to oome agate he oouldatiit laway fo^&ur.; No. 3 take* likpboe, < moto paddini tnd more attitude. A "ate#* England," atod that isall} whefeas, hod the Muggletonisns ;pic$»d out * dluba little Stronger than themselves and playedthero,they niight have made an intetwHoi fcfcd improving game of it. The old obmplaint, that the batting is too much iot th6 bowline, is coming up again. Formerly, to soore anything bcftween 60 andv 100 wafe an eiploit to he noted, but rioW scores of 100 and upwards ire 'sis oommon as possible. I hare just j6tte?| down froin <btie week'sre turns last iqonth la few of this great bcowis made in various matches, and here they are:-' Bnrrey ?. The World-E. M. Graoe .. .. 115 Tttburyt. Wilts-H. P. Prioe .. 114' Sumy v. UWOre-T. HtimpbW .. - }« The Incognitlv. Shropshire fBetridge *1 63 St, tettMUds-A. Blwk ' ;. .. 104 r, A. Rinlwwiiswii . » 117 u'sCollege Hatch-J. 8. Chamberlain 148 Coll^mWi-^B. Tylecote .. .. 120 ibWotMeee MAtch-O. Hlgsto .. 100 Hasting* v.'Sti IiSttiSflJs-A. Blsok 1 ;. .. 104 Tunbriage T- IfciitijHWt-rHi A» Riohaidsem .. 117 The St. J oha'e College Hatch-J. 8. Chamberlain 148 The Clifton Collar * Th« CheKwibatri' g v _ . The BoyM SsKineerB' &atoh-A.; Leitesuxier .t ISO TheCh«Bhire)8itch-i-J. M. Tates ... .. 105 The CivuJSerriw Match-W. -Linksy, .. 110 Bastt. West Snss«*-4).0#en .. .. 106 Sussex v. Artillery*-^!, ©. iWeinhell .. 188 Gentlemen <rf Btusei'V. K«ut j-jj A^R^h*rfson 111 ThePhoeniitnabttafch-W. Afihton .. . 107 Btodymoent-J.Bsaonda .. .. .. «. 161 And, besides these scores, there were70's, 80's, and 90's innumerablei A taatch which o&used; tome interest lately was splayed by the Xyttleton family against the Bromsgrove Grammar School, Lord Lyttleton, supported by ten Honourable Lyttlettras, manfully coming forward to do honour to the family and the cause of cricket. Of fertilise ft Wat thought to be1* good thing for theSchool, hut the family teryne&rlylioked; the school in- one inningB, having in the second innings to go in for a dozen runs onlyj which were got without the loss of a wicket. 1 Fishing has, altogether, been but indifferent this season % and, as far as the salmon aw ooneeroed, there has been in some places too macb win, and in others too little. Added to this, Che long sweep-nets are taow replacing the fixed engines we got rid of to ibine extent a while ago, and tiny toe, «? I hare always said they would be, likely to prove more efficient fastrnments for wholesale slaughter thanthe others, if possible. Nobody who has not Been the sweep net in practice, and as it is used here, can conceive what . dean sweep itnukes of every thing when it is going on, and as it is nearty thftt unless «omeM$Qlations or restrictions are put on thine net*,the salmon fisheries wifl ere rang be in as bad>away as ew. Already the upper proprietors, upon whose waters *11 die salmon are bred and roared, are beginning to grumble loiidlytiifcttbqr do nW get theft fair share of ealmon ; indeed, they hardlygetany at all while they H» good ; and if onoe they get disgusted again with the sahnon preserva tion, and leave it to take «are ofitself all the fcfailiSi the -lower proprietoitean pttt on will be useless, and poaching will-£© -oa worse than ever. Dojihle the money will he reqwred from the lower ^jiropnefcors to pat bailifls,- and in 'Bpite of all this the spawning fishjrill vanish, wid the lowerjaropnator* in a year or two will be (contemplating a beggary «nayof empty boxes, instead of (he present lively trade tihey are oahjing on, snd all because they are so greedy that they.will not allow a fish to go by them lo the upper waters, w^le they are Worth having, if they oao Iceep it. It' is wonderful to see people so shorUighted, but so it is; Trout fishing has in places been middling, but owing to the paper mills, paraffin, aye works, and ail the other poisonoiis fsotories whioh are allowed 4o poison pur .tnsoiB one after another as they please, while we are making ciyes, towns, and nllages spend hundreds of thousands, in fact mufiorn, of pounds to keep out tho «ewage and to make sewfians of drainage, every year torn* half-; a-tfoten petty ami Taloable streams «re destined. So ttoot fisUng yearly «e(« stairoei1 and Marcer. Ws are tiow rtadu«ly turning to bottom fishing, and the l%ames u baviug a rare time of it. It is wonderful to eee tiie swarms of anglers whioh oongregate upon its |ianks daily. The river seems to be turn ing out some good sport toohl%f aSTety' tnany good catches have been teado. i myself did vellaweek oir two ^jee with tiie «hnb,tip at Abingdoa, getting hwd«q|tonlonb. weight one day, and half as mkny anottter, fine tisli, snany of them rontthtg hp to 4lb. owd), knd all taken wtth ahfr ^ llo^hat the cOd rfrei^ does not meea %o |^i«1 ttp the ghost ?ItoMtfafr yet. And I hear t^ the iiodety wh&jwoteeuthe; lower waten is ttakWgrbat .ffwtato do BD4SthonHigfaly «# possit£,aiiid <b»Tooi4uaittUehave inftiWoew-rigotar into U^» «obasib, mbkb is MdisflAoiiy. I Mr, ia»w»i,r!«faat ws'HiQst waft Mtte tIptjm' IpBiwiuri . frr 'iMtimrt fba; tinmMto*> life tto^ilomrdown tta fonMy.ltis afill WidfoalctLaiulon. BoiriWr. Wik' 