THE CASTLE OP ST. ANGELO. a ? The banner of the Pope again floats upon the Castle of St Angelo. It floats again in its own position, and waves in the wind from that ' Mole qf Adrian,' rwhence, during the lapse of of ten centuries, it lias seen lowered before it the banners of the Cfesars, the flag of the Turks, and the colours of the Mazzinians and of the many other enemies who have sought its humili ation and destruction. From the bottom of our hearts we raise to it a salute ; and bid it flutter in calmness and tranquiHty ever ; as before, so may it bow again triumph over all its enemies. It may not be uninteresting to our readers to ha.vc. a. slinrl; hiaf.nrina.l nnnnnnt. r-f -fcTiR flnoflo nf St. Angelo. It was built by the Emperor Adrain, for his own sepulchre ; and he desired that its magnificence and splendour should be so great as. to eclipse the tomb of Augustus, and defy the power of ages. Who would have thought at that time that that which was built with such au object would have passed out of Pagan hands to become the property of the Popes ? To have expressed such a thought in words would have excited the laughter of the Pagans — just as now the sneers of many are called forth by the expression of Catholic belief and confidence that the world is not io have all its own way with the Pope, and that God can still protect his own. On the summit of the castle there rises now the statue of the Archangel St. Michael (the Guardian of the Church) in the act of replacing in its scabbard his sword, as he appeared to St. Gregory the Great at the time of a terrible pes tilence that desolated Rome. And still, as that statue now stands there close to the Pontifical banner, we are reminded of what the name Michael signifies — ' Who is like to God?' — for the appearance of that flag there is another proof of the truth of God's promises to watch over His Church. j?rom cue time ©r nonorius, tne oastie was used as a prison, for both state- prisoners and criminals. There have been confined within its walls many men of note, and amongst other famous names that prisoners have carved or scratched upon its walls there occurs the follow ing : Louis Joseph Napoleon, Chef d'escadron, October 1836. The present Emperor of the French was confined in St. Angelo for having conspired against the Holy See. He knows it then; but he has made some amends for his crime by having kept there the banner of France for the past sixteen years, and defended the Holy Father against conspiracy. But there is no record among those of St. Angelo more strik ing under present circumstances than that which we now relate. We quote from .Muratori's Annali d' Italia, under the years 997 and 998. At that time Crescentius was consul; Gregory V. was Pope. Everything promised peace, especially for Rome. But these hopes were frustrated by the actions of a wicked man, blinded with ambition. This was Crescentius. He was accustomed to act without any thought of the oaths of fidelity he had taken both to the Pope and to the Emperor ; and he forgot the pardon he had received (at the intercession of the Pope himself) for his many faults. He acted, however, in such a manner as to oblige Pope Gregory V. to flee from Rome and thus, deprived of everything (nudus^omnium rerum,) to save his life. The Pope went to Pavia, and there assembling a Council of Bishops, fulminated the seutence of excommunication againsv Ciescentius. The latter went on in his evil deeds, as if there were no power human or divine capable of punishing him. Meanwhile, Crescentius put himself in com munication with a certain Bishop, named John, a man who had had much to do with political affairs, and had just returned from Constanti nople. Between them they concocted an infa mous political plot. The temporal government of Rome was to be placed in the hands of Cres centius, under the protection and Sovereignty of the Greek Emperors, and John was to be Pope and to content himself with the spiritual govern ment of the Church. Muratori says : — It seems to be most probable that the Greek ambassadors had a hand in this vile plot; ; for it was immedi ately carried into effect by the election (through the faction of Creseentius) and consecration of John, who was manifestly au Anti-popo and the usurper of the Pontifical throne. And how did these things end ? The Anti pope, John, fearing the return of Gregory V. to Rome and the arrival of the Emperor Otho, sf ter holding the throne of St. Peter for about ten months, escaped from the city under a careful disguise. But it was to no purpose : his astute ness availed him but a short time. He was dis covered and seized by the Romans themselves, who fearing that the Emperor would let him go without any punishment, inflicted a dreadful punishment upon him themselves and conveyed him to prison. From thence, a short time after, they took him, and putting him on an ass con ducted him through the chief streets o£ the city, whilst they compelled him to keep repeating the words: ' Talc supplicium patitur qui Ronwnwm, ,; Papam de sua sede pcllere nititur.' (Such is the punishment of him who endeavors to drive from, his See the Pope of Rome.) ' And what became of Crescentius ? He did not flee from Rome, because he believed that the Castle of St. Angelo (in which with hispartizans he had shut himself,) was, as it was then believed, impregnable. But the Emperor caused it to be beseiged with all the means then known, and after various assaults and attempted scalings the Castle . was captured. Crescentius and twelve of his adherents were by order of the Emperor decapitated, and their bodies were hung from, the battlements. The flag of the Pope which floats again upon the Castle of St. Angelo will recall to the minds of the Romans, of the Italians, and of the whole world three names : Adrian, Bonaparte, and Crescentius. Adrian, the Emperor built a mausoleum, and, without knowing it, he built it for the Popes whom he persecuted. Bona parte was a prisoner in the Castle, and when h'e became Emperor of the French, he was obliged to defend for sixeen years that temporal power of the Popes which he had before at tempted to put down by conspiracy. Lastly, Crescentius and John endeavoured to do in the tenth century what it is desired to do to the injury of the PopeVKin the nineteenth; but the one was caused by Otho III. to be hanged from the walls of St. Angelo, and the other was punished by the Romans^themselves ; and their punishment only serves to show how blind, how silly are those who to rise against God, to con tend against Providence, and to snatch the crown which belongs to him from the Pope.— From the Unita Cattolica. A Wonderful Clock. —Many years ago there was a clock made by one Droz, a mechanic of Geneva, which was reuowned for its ingenious construction. The clock was so made as to be capable of performing the following movements : There was on it a negro, a shepherd and a dog. When the clock struck, the shepherd played six tunes on his flute, and the dog approached and fawned upon him. The clock was exhibited to the King of Spain, who was greatly delighted with it. 'The gentleness of my dog,' said Droz, 'it is his least merit. If your Majesty : touch one of the apples which you see in the shepherd's basket, you will admire the fidelity of this animal.' The King took an apple, and the dog flew at his hand and barked so loud that the King's dog, which was in the same K' room during the exhibition, began to bark also, at which the superstitious courtiers, not doubt ing that it was an affair of witchcraft, hastily left 'the room, crossing themselves as they went. Having desired the Minister of Marine, who was the only one who dared to stay behind, to ask the negro what o'clock it was, the minister asked, but received no reply. Droz then ob served that the negro had not yet learned the Spanish ; upon which the minister repeated the question in French, and the black immediately answered him. At this new prodigy the firm ? ness of the minister also forsook him, and he retreated precipitately, declaring 'that it must be the work of a supernatural being. It is pro bable that in the performance of these tricks Droz touched certain springs in the mechanism, although that is not mentioned in any of the accounts of his clock. Notes and queries. A Ghost Story. — We have to report a strange case of superstition in the West of England. Lately there died the Rev. E. D. Rhodes, Vicar of Bathampton, a village two miles from Bath, and on the borders of Somerset and Wilts. Mr. Rhodes was a man of very remarkable powers ; his teaching was far above the average of country clergymen, and his parishioners were commonly supposed to be, so far as intellectual attainments are concerned, much above the level of any ordinary rural parish. Nevertheless, since his death the rumor has become current that his ghost has been seen in Bathampton churchyard, and has been heard groaning and sighing. The witnesses increased in number and in positiveness of assertion, and the report ob taining general currency, crowds of persons came over from Bath to verify it. Their testiomony was abundantly confirmed, and one old parish ioner, entering more into detail than the rest said that he had seen Mr. Rhodes with a crown ' of glory round his head, and a trumpet in. his hand. The Eiafcer now became serious, and the aid of the police was asked. Constables, ac cordingly were sent over. The ghost appeared, as usual pale and ghastly, groaning and sighing. He was captured, and turned out to be a great white owl, which is henceforth condemned to humiliating imprisonment in a barn, with hard labor in the shape of mice-catching. — Somerset Express. Grateful School Boys. —A number 'of the students of colleges at Moscow, St. Petersburg, !i ?Kiew aud Kasan hare addressed a letter to ' Count de Bismarck, in which they thank him most heartily for the simplification which he has introduced into the geography of Germany, the inextricable complications of which had proved . ? a great drawback to their comfort, from being a constant source to them of shame and punish ment. 'Speaking of staying,' said a pretty girl to aa ... obdurate old bachelor '' I should think a pair of hand- .' *: some ejea would be the best mirror to shave by.' ? ' ? Yes, many a poor fellow has beea .shared by thorn.' 'Bob, is that dog a hunter?'— ' No, he V half banter and half setter ; he hunts bones whan he's hungry, and ' sets' by the fire when he's satisfied.' ' How different you soldiers are from us, ' said Arabella to the Gaptaia. ' With us a conquest only begins, while with you it ends the engagement,' Women never truly command till they have given their promise to obey. 