...:. sMISCELLAN'OOUS. A most disgraceful occurrence took place on Satnrday at rPalostiie. A man ollfred his wife for sale publicly. ,There wans some competition, and: tle lot was eventually sold " under theihammer" for £20-£6 cash, and the balance at three and six months. We may add that no police are stationed in the locality of this cnandalous transaction, AnOLITION or Ci.tcrxon"t Up.:-Beer. sellers, from,the 1st bf Octobbir last:. will inot' be shbl to' r coer 'in" tIoe County Courts the amnont ofanything they, may h;arpo"chalked up" against their cus. tolniers Tho.County Coulrts Amendments Act, which cainme.ito foreo on the dote ,named provides "that no action shall honeeforth be brought or maintained in asny court to recover. any' debt or surm of money alleged to be due in respect to the sale of any ale.: porter, beer, eider' or iplrry, which after tho"commencement of t'is actt was consumed on the' lprenlis a wlhere sold or'supplied, or of any secunrity gjron for, in or towards the obtaining' o1' any ,suchl ale, porter, beer, eider. or porry. . Own'n to a Inr.e influr of ;country people to B3llarzat, all then availablo no. commodation of the holttls wereb bsorbed. During the exciteiment of tli?'entrlri and illuminations most of thl 'arriv'kl . forgot all about this part of their tripl nanil el hoi night cnimo nld the festivities s?sro over; they hunted \ ip. the hotels in 'ain for pinces wherein to renst. .The result was that over na thousatid people, had. thd choice of either sleeping ons thle ground or walking shout tle, streets until day ligllt. i Mos of tlle Inmles, and.it .may be said a few of the femannles,:preferred the forner .alternative, and~: 'boist lthree o'clock'-in thIe mdrnilig pooplon.nmighlt .bd seen huddled: togethlcr, ln Ihe post oalld occupldl allotmernts in thle u?nhura of t towi'. Onoeof thl prhiriipl pl'lotionoapf the townri thisImtrolised wsas' thli ,?lop fauiig thle Corner, ald'a viery comfortablo bed it icenined to nmake iir the iabsence, of the sort usually used,: Ater all,' these alfresco connhes'were by no means; un2 pilasant having regard to ihe .warmthlof tile night, and the croawded state all thell bed rooms iii the difltreint Ihotels:r ,' The, GeloanU'Reyin?en write'':--"WhIat a mnn will do furn pint'r ol'wloniiil ale, or, in bitslin"prlnce; :.'hoe-onki, iit .illusat rated not nweek since, it ..h renk.o'.Davy Two .minors.l,eing. rather elurateld witi some of the aforesaid he lerage, tho ,ono piromised the othelr Iau extra pint if Ihn wvouhl gat. intlo ertain hotel, a hIere.tlher was a lalnbitigldowna' pnoceedikg, by gol ing down the clninony. This swas accedn to. 'lThe ndventllte arrived solely at tlhl top of the snmolk.conductor, and'comI mnenced.his desaccnt:lherein, but heu Iund tlie alift of tlheclhimlie'TeJi elss easy of desrcent than the shafl of a, minc.. llow. ever, Ihe started, but: lied nut. proceeded fi nlwhen lhe beenano jntnuned in, and .couldno.t relerns, himself..l Finding that Ile did not reach hisls.destination, attemnpts wire madndut. drawllim iup or pull hisr dowli, but .ino vain, and at lenuth thle chimney had to be taken dun iu This wni usflutcls, and the nilventurer replaced of tecJa fr) na, samid the jeers and laughteý tfall a?a-?nleld, thIe stte of his clothing and the altered ~olour of his complexion, being highly emnsina." A rather curious case of mistaken, identity after death was revealed in tow,, within the last few days. '311e Herald says : " On the morning ofthoe :0th ilt. a man was discovered lying in a lanr-way off* Little lIoulko street in ruch a deplorable condition cf destitution and bodily suffering as to render liis removal ti: tl. lospital neoes?ary. where, soon after hlii adtissions lie expired. Adrinatnest was bell on the body. wjuen several witnesses,. after sit wing the remains, identified them as those of a man named Hlenry.0.hl'iese. who tJhey stated wase once. a person ot' ronsiderable means.. One of thi. most attached friends of the decerasedl in, life,. piously exhibited:n precious relic in, the shape of a letter froni the deceased, and' expressed:his intention to preserve it tilll the last day of his I.fe as. a. memento, of"' the departed. Dr. afoloney, who made. a pont.morem examination of: the body. gave t as his opinion that the immediate canse of death was disease of tile lungs and kidneys from want ot proper atten dance, and the verdict of the jury was to that eflict. The body of the' nmanna. interred ; many a regret. for his domis, was expressed by those-who knew hins, and often was a kind word dropped to hi. memory... However, a couple of days age a female, who was one of those who Ident .tifted the body at the inquest, "was sur prised on meeting what, as she for a moment thought, was the actual shade' of, ther friend Please, haunting the scenes' of: life. - IIIn alf terror, halfjoy, she' rushede up to him, and- shaking him by the - shoulders, asked him was lie dead or - alive. She deemed she spoke'but to his - ghost, but he pledged her his honor 'he - was not dead. :TThe man, it appears,. upon whose dead body theo 'nqust ,yas - thought to have been held is 'alive ands well, and wito the really deceiised person. was remains a.mystery.. .. An actof gallantry was performed on the 10th inst., at Lauriston,by a little boy named Madigan.' It appears that another* boy, four years of age, named M'Noe, •while endearouring to lift a pannikinof: water from theo.river near, the Coliban, bridge fell into the stream. Madigan, who, 'is 'ight years old, was fishing 'close by. Sdeing'the hc.cident, hbe leaped into the water, and, beingr able to swim a little he. succeeded -ln bringinng M'Noe to the side. of the river, where the . brother ands another boy were giving all the help'they could. D:By this time the'sereams of tho 'children :andl ,ofth6"drowning boy's mother,,'who was 'ru'shifg:'to','thbe cpne. of the 'accident,' b'rdonght' n'mbers.to the spote 'amongst thie first''ofwh'liom 'wsia Mr.' l?iel Rnikin, .who' hppcded to be passing, and llo .asiisted in ,extri. cating bhtih little M'Nee and'the gallant lad thlat, rescued hirh from, the. still; pertilous,t.bositfon 'in which they were. placed. Mnadignn Ilaving great dlfficulty: in getting the little' fellow safe. to the. banks of theoriver.. Too much praise. catnnot be given to the a'dventurous.ndl Sgallant youth for his courage and-promup. titude. : "" There hlnsbeen a good deal of gossilp lately about betting and'gambling in high. qutaters. ' Mysterious hints,; inuendoes remarks the llounst Alexander Mail are,, perhaps not so good as the trtli;',andt perhaps itnny just bo as well to ctate plainly that amiongst the bets mndo itthelo bast races was one by the Duke, in whicle hle lot-",onlytwvo centuries," As it wan. prcemninently the " Duke's Day Races" there is nothing remarkable in tlhae.fati that hle should back his: opinion imna'few' hundred pounds any more than any other geuttesnent would. ' In fact, it would'(have. ibeetn; perhaps, singular if lie hand nont 'clone an.'- As to the bookmaker whio laid the odds, whlo can' blame the Price for believing' Victoriani hookmaker:i are all hIonolralle nien, ' .And ;when lia'l6jloalli Highneslsie , e tiiatlthe club lihe is quiite jus titled, and so are. his friends, inlooking on. ansoiablhe aune n ith l.hligh Vietorian s ofli. einIs an'td Victorian gentlemen as perfectly:. right and squtre,: and' proper' for.! oung5 gentleiner. The.mere fact of a foit paltry, thousands changilg hands"amonigst th.l reprpsentativrs oera community wsho" pent'. thirty in his public entertainment 'ean' bo: of small monleit:" It is 'quite 'stilldicnt for the publio that ultra eas, s.are brouglht forward;and the' indefatigable heiids,ol'. 'til 'oliceedo'quit enoudigh in prb'secuhtlg.: inquires into the doings at,.TattcrsIll's .without eit nding researches any further. .Whoeverheard of any.,one prying into. ilub, lifeo i.: Londcn.' and, surely the usages anld customs; amongst ' gentlemen in the great capital of tihe: north are not unworthy of imitation in the? c?ipital or,: the souit + .A case, :presrnting something of tie romantic; camo,before the Fitzroy boench of magistrates on Thursday. Theo facts connected with:it are these 'Mrs. Gar. rick, residinig at No. "2' ]loyaulteirade. Nicholson.street, 'Fitzroy, was deserted by her husband;, who .formerly.kopt the Garrick's Head Hotel, in Swanason-street,. and was at 'another time clerk t, M3fr.. KXhull, gold broker, of Melbourne, in thie year, .1858.' . Since, that time she never communicated with him till a few weeks. ago. 'In the meantime, she was informed: he' was really andI truly dead ; and- she accordingly: gave' her hand in marriageo for the second tinie to a Mr.:' rolds,"a lodger in her hohsu, and end' with whoiu she had been ac?liainted'; bit'. tli' short "days. E'xaetly one hlilf of the l'oneynimoon had passed, away 'in, blissfulid in. mens,. when the bride--toher hlrorror,orjoy,'wo. cannotany which; perhaps site oxperienced' a amixture of bothl-diecovered, that"--the long lost Garrick was 'in "'the- landdof the living. ;In an admirable spiritof, female -l% R'se"'ond iliCl;gr; ?!;?,:... mated' to his eternal dieniny, 'that slltul"''ould 'ecogniso" hii"as her? hue. bhnd 'io longiir 'Poor"' ]told ".,bore ]hi 'liitd' lot' 'wtltlhn' inore' thlnt manly anlienso at first, bit wheti the ob. ject of his aoul's adi'tion weat so far as to:return bhinm heliar wedding ring, the ean. bloin of ler, dissoluble union wilth himself, his heart.waxed iidignant, and he firnly .resolved'to avenge his: injured feslitigaiin a practical though somewlsat cotsmon. pacee and anything but' poetic m.uner. lie accordingly hired a'doden trusty mlto and tlee fitnitureo 'cotiveyn'ies'to reoiF..' a cotsiderabla quantity tofthe hourt'hbold goods .of his late partner it life to ant ordinary~f'iftLioneer's roonis. t 'be di. posed of to thie highest bidder for his (Mr. Ifold's) peculiar fiscal adiantag-. loewever, on his' phntly carrying lis design' into effect,' SIrs. Carri~c'k. witl masculino determination, iciccecdiately landed himi over to the. cust'B,,y of tin police aucthorities, nd on Th'rs.d'v miorl. " itg he apprared in court in the ig nontiai. ous position ofa criminal, ihbile the lordl object of his w'orship maas hurdwL'U-rtetl elloughl to appear.it.the nc itues hlcr with. tnt rcn? becig slichtly nlibrted ut:the sight of her ex.loryd in sj hjI:uiliautinu situation. The cssp nS rti mUndcd for a fortnight in order tb aflord aIMs. Garriek an opportunity of proieg slatirfrctorilt Shat ?ir. Garrick is till a liring man.. 