UNREGISTERED DOGS. One good that may result from a discussion on the Consob'dated Dog Act now before Parliament is that of reminding people of the risk which thev run in disobeying the pre sent law. The chief alterations proposed by the Act are such a3 refer to the keeping of dogs in country districts, where at present damages cannot be recovered on account of injury done to flocks unless the owner can prove that the dog has had a previous mis chievous propensity — a condition requiring a ho3t of witnesses 'to character,' and re sulting generally in a verdict of not gailty, as it is not easy after all to give a dog a bad name and hang him. But apart from the necessity for this amend ment, there is certainly something wrong in the way that the Dog Act is now administered in suburban districts. The law, in fact, is treated as a dead letter. 'Any person,' as it is provided, may seize and detain a dog nnregiatered or without a collar. But it ia not every person who likes to signalize him self in tliis manner. Nobody, indeed, is fond of doing so, and the consequence is that dog3 without collars are becoming more numerous than any others. One would think that the Corporations who are entitled to the 5s. licence-money would take care that the law was not evaded— a thing which they might easily do by giving a small per centage of the money to some one who would go from house to house and collect it. But instead of doing this they allow people to pay or not to pay, just as they please, and the consequence is that those who do register their dogs find that they might as well have left it alone, inasmuch .13 others who refuse to register 'are allowed to escape with im punity ; for what ia everbody's business is nobody's business. Perhaps the passing of this new Act will cause the municipal authorities to wake up again on this subject. The dog nuisance was at first considerably abated, but gra dually a great deal of neglect has crept in until unregistered curs are to be found in all directions. Little dogs especially are much kept in ?- lolation of the law, as though the owners believed that a dog small in size was always young in age — less, in fact, than thp three months old, which the Act allows. But it should be thoroughly known that they are liable to be seized and killed, and that the owner, on conviction, will have in each case to pay a penalty of at least £3, besides expenses. Reception of1 H.R.H. Prince Alfred.— We remind our readers of the meeting to be held in the Town Hall to-day, at noon, to arrange for the reception to be given to the Duke of Edinburgh. Representation of East Torbens.— Thenomil nations of Mr. N. Blyth and Mr. D. Fisher, to fill the vacancy lately caused in the representation of the District of East Torrens, were read at the Town Hall, Norwood, on Friday, before a considerable number of persons. The election will take place on Monday next. Adelaide Lite Assurance and Guarantee Company. — The general meeting *f the above Company was held in the Masonic Hall on Friday; Mr. W. Milne. M.P., in the chair. The Directors' report and a balance-Bhcet were presented and adopted. Messrs. E. M. Bagnt and J. Colton, M.P. (retiring Directors), were re-elected, and Messrs. Oldham and Wicksteed re-elected as Auditors. The Collision between the Black. Swan and the Luna Steamers.— It appears that the mails from Adelaide for Tasmania were on board the Black Swan when she was sunk by the Luna in the collision, which has been repeatedly alluded to in our Melbourne telegrams. The mails have since been recovered by divers, and will be duly forwarded. The Postmaster-General has kindly furnished us with the annexed list of them:— Per Aldinga, July 9.— For Launcestoin-From General Post-Office, 23 letters, 3S newspapers; from Port Adelaide. 1 letter. For Hobart Town— From General Post-Office, 33 letters, 54 newspapers; from Port Adelaide, 8 letters, 5 newspapers. Per Eangatira, Julv 13. —For Launceston — From General Po3t-Office, 3 letters, IS newspapers. For Hobart Town-FromGeneralPostOffice, 121etterB, 28\. newspapers; from Port Adelaide, 4 letters, 8 newspapers. Boiling Down.— We understand that the squat ters in Kiverina are making arrangements for boiling down. A gentleman is no\r in Adelaide purchasing stooks for casks for the tallow; and we hear it is intended to float the full barrels down the river if practicable. ; ! Dr. Carb in the Country.— It will be seen by our advertising coluin 1 that Dr. Carr will pay a visit to Strathalbyn, where he will lecture and giye seances on Monday and Tuesday evenings; and to Goolwa, where he will perform and lecture on Thursday and Friday in next week. Doubtless many will be anxious to see and hear a gentleman whose performances have excited bo much interest in Adelaide and other pans of the colony. Sunday -School Annivebsaey at Strath albyn.— The anniversary of the Primitive Metho dist Sunday-School, Strathalbyn, was celebrated on Sunday and Monday, July 14 and 15. Sermons were preached in the morning by tlie llev. H. Pope, and in the evening by the Rev. Wm. Jenkin. The afternoon was devoted to the children reciting pieces and singing hymns. Notwithstanding the inclemency of the weather the chapel was crowded to excess at the two latter services. On Monday the children, to about 70 in number, met in the schoolroom, and enjoyed themselves with as much as they could manage of tea, cake, tarts, lollies, &c.; At 4 p.m. a public tea was held, to which about 100 sat down, and gave clear proof of their appreciation of the good things provided. At night a public meeting was held, presided over by Sir. Samuel Stanton. The report having been read by ftlr. Stephen Tonkin, very impressive and appro priate addresses were afterwards delivered by Mr. Milne (Wesleyan), the Kevs. S. Gray, of Mount Barker, H. Pope, and Wm. Jenkin. Pieces were recited aud hymns sung by the children at each of these services in a manner which reflected credit on both parents and teachers. This anniversary will long be remembered at Strathalbyu. Total proceeds, £14 0s. 9id. — Correspondent. The Clark and Wallaroo Tramway Memo rial.— The Wallaroo Times ' regret3 to say that the memorial U the Legislative Council which was forwarded to the Hon. Thomas Enzliah for presen tation was discovered to be informal, and there fore could not be presented. The original memorial to the House of Assembly was all correct, and was, as eur readers are aware, presented to the House by Mr. David Bower. M.P., on Wednesday last. We believe the Secretary of the united Committees has taken steps to get another memorial to the Council signed as speedily as possible. Persaii3 desirous of sipuing can do so at the office of this paper, at Mr. J. B. Austin's office on the wharf, or may iearn from the local secretaries or members of the Committee where else they can do so. It is of great importance te get the memorial sent in aa soon as passible, and we hope the inhabitants will come forward at oocc and sign their names.' Pbotection.-A meeting of those favourable to , protection principle! was held at the District Hall, ! Ilindraarah. on Friday evening, July 19, for the purpose of considering who were the fittest per sons to fill the existing vacancies in the Legis lative Council. There was a moderate attendance. Mr. (i. T. Bean presided. The Chairman intro duced the business of the meeting in a speech ex planatory of the views of Protectionists. He also referred to the desirableness of putting in Parlia ment those gentlemen who were favourable to protection doctrines. Mr. Connor proposed the following resolution :— ' That this meeting pledges itself to support those candidates for the Legis lative Council who were in favour of encouraging the protection of colonial industries and a revision of the present tariff.' He proceeded to dilate on the evils aud wrongs to which colonial manufac turers and the industrial pop.Iatiou were sub jected. He protested against the adoption here of a free- trade policy. Justice only could be done to the labouring population in this colony by the in troduction of protection principles. He thought they ought to enquire into the opiniou3 of the candidates for seats in Parliament, He hoped that those in the colony who had the suffrage wsuld use it at the approaching elections with dis cretion, and put in only those gentlemen who would promise to revise the tariff, repeal Sutherland's Act, and follow out a protectionist policy, which alone would 6ave the colony. Mr. Jones seconded (he motion. Mr. J. A. Northmore supported the resolution, and endeavoured to show the indis pensableness of a revision of the tariff. He said that there was one gentleman to whom the lines of the poet were directly applicable— 'Full many a gem of purest ray serene The dark unfathomc d caves of ocean bear ; Full many a flower is born to blush unseen, And waste its sweetness on the desert air.' He referred to the Hon. T. Keyuolds. (Groans, mingled with a few marks of approbation.) That gentleman, if transferred to Britain, where his talents would find greater scope than this colony afforded, would no doubt outshine Glad stone. His policy he denounced as being fraught with the direst consequences to the colony. He would say that erroneous impressions of protection principles were diffused amongst many minds. What they asked for was a protective duty put on those commodities whi.h could be produced here and bonuses offered on others. Mr. J. McDonald supported the resolution, which wai put and carried with one dissentient Mr. U. Betteridge moved— 'That this meeting is of opinion that the repeal of Sutherland's Act is necessary for the furtherance of the interests of the colony at large.' ne mentioned that although the meeting was one of Protectionists he was a thorough Freetrader. (Hear, hear, and hisses.) He agreed, however, entirely with the proposition. Mr. Duncan seconded, and Mr. tiinallwood and two or three geutleinen supported the resolution. The rnotioa vras put and carried without a dissentient Respon sive to loud calls, Mr. J. C. Verco, who was present in the body of the meeting, stepped forward, and in answer to a question which was then pur, the e mdidate said he would try to repeal Sutherland's Act, because he believed it to be an unnecessary Act, aud whatever ends it might originally sub served it had now worked itself out. So less than £291.275 had accumulated under this Act and the Treasurer thought that sum a nice little nest-egg; but ho thought it should be devoted to the use to which it was now applied. The £6.000 which would have to be taken from a to pay the expenses of an immigrant ship which was expected from home he thought would be better spent in being distributed amoDgst the population here. (Applause.) He thought the Act was not now ne:essary, and if left unrepealed would remain a black spot on the law of the colony. He considered that j£25.O0O for immigra tion purposes during the present year was far too much. In the present state of this colony he thought it was unwise to continue immigration, but when things riahted themselves he should be in favour of the resumption of immigration on a small scale. He thought that the colony would never be in a thoroughly prosperous condition unless encouragement were afforded for colonial industries. With regard to the sale of public lands, he believed the Wakefield Land Act should now be altered, and that they should be put in a position to compete with Victoria, lie would endeavour to enact laws which would effect an improvement on the existing land system. He did not think the Victorian syBtem would be proper to introduce here. The plan there was to take land and sit down on it without paying for it This state of things he believed was not desirable. He would be in favour of a revision of the tariff on many points, which he enumerated. These opinions were not hastily fouuded ones, as he lud held them for many years, but cou d not when in the House effect an alteration, because there was too much of the commercial element in it. He would be entirely in favour of introducing raw material dutv free, lie did rot want to be misunderstood. He was not entirely in favour of strictly prohibitive xiuties. He did not like to see the tone of the public prints on the subject, and their free quotations from foreign papers of articles damaging to Protectionist views.' He thought that an attempt should be made to restrain the impor tation of American manufactures by the imposi tion of a heavy duty. He thought drapery goods of the piece character should bo imported free of duty. He advised them to be careful of the men they put in Parliament at the next election, espe cially in the House of Assembly, which possessed the lion's share of power. He considered the toll on the Port-road should be removed, as he consi- dered the imposition of a toll was an act of oppression towards those who travelled on that road. (Cheers ) He was in favour of more liberal mineral laws than the colony at present pos sessed. His maxim was to offer every facility to fresh discoveries. He was in favour of borrowing money to carry on reproductive public works, but not to too large an extent He preferred, how ever, using the mon^y iu the. Banks first, and when the greater part was expended make provi sion for borrowing more. He called their public lands their real C3tate, and he believed it had been frittered away lately. He would remind politicians that the public funds would not always be raised from the sale of the waste lands, and when they were exhausted the shoe would Dinch somewhere. He 3;uu he looked on the Northern Territory scheme is a pure speculation, aud the land-order holders should stand or fall by their bargain. A proposi tion in favour of Mr. Verco was carried with acclamation. Mr. Verco returned his thanks for their expression of confidence in him. Ii returned, tie pledged himself to introduce or support such measures as woul I be best calculated to advance the interests of the colony. Mr. Sketheway pro posed, as a candidate for the Legislative Council, Mr. Councillor Wright, who he said was prevented from being present that evenin/. Mr. Connor seconded the resolution, as he said his opinions were a reflex of those held by Mr. Verco. The motion was carried unanimously. Mr. J. B. Champion proposed Mr. W. Rounsevell as a fit and proper candidate for the Legislative OouuciL Mr. T. McDonald seconded. The motion was put and carried. The proceedings closed at about 10 minutes to 11 o'clock with votes of thauks to the Chairman and the Press. Entertainment at North Adelaide.— On Friday evening an entertainment, consisting of musical and dramatic performances, was given in the Temperance Hall, Tynte-street, North Ade laide. There was a very full attendance. The entertainment was as many- sided as a phreno logical burst, and sufficiently diversified to gratify every taste— dramatic, tragic, comic, sentimental, sensational, terpsichoraean, musical, and oratorical. The principal performers were Messrs. Pappin, Saint, Lyons, Dutten, Sanders, Monteith, Sparks, Price, Hardy, Gee, Diamond, and Wyly. Mrs. Price presided at the piano The programme consisted of three parts. The first part consisted of several glees, songs, and dramatic dialogues, the whole of which passed off in a very creditable manner. Then came the Christys, with a capital selection of nigger min strelsy, in song and chorus, interspersed with the usual by-play, jests, and gesticulitions, quirks, and conundrums, with banjo, bones, and other in. strumental accompaniments. The company have some fine voices amonRst them. The choruses were, as a whole, given with remarkable precision, and though occasionally the stronger voices pre ponderated over the rest, and at other times mere music would have been the result of less voice, these slight drawbacks were scarcely observable on account of the spirited and intensely amusing character of this portion of the entertainment; and so thought the audience, for there were some thing like a round (or square) dozen of encores. In Part 3, the amusements culminated in the. per- formance of a comic song and dance, a negro stump oration, d la Harry LesKe, and the cele brated Plantation Walk-round. On the whole the entertainment was a great success. Adelaide Police CouaT.-On Friday, July 19, the Court was chiefly occupied with three distinct charges of forgery brought against the same prisoner. The charges being severally proved, the prisoner was thrice committed for trial at the Supreme Court. Adelaidb Local Cotjbt (CriminalI.— The only cases before the Court on Friday, July 19, were those of W. Bryan and K. Anderson; the former was sentenced to imprisonment for six weeks. The charge against the latter was dismissed. Lambing in Rivebina.— A Deniliquin paper mentions that on many stations the returns of the lambing have been higher than for Borne yean past, the grass having given strength to the ewes. On some of the Billabong stations the returns amount to about 105 per cent., but they are rare— 85 and 95 per cent is common enough. We hear that the returns of lambs for the, whole of the Riverine plains are likely to exceed the estimated quantity of two millions. The Darling Wool.— The Wentworth corre spondent of the Pastoral Times writes to say that the quantity of wool on the Darling awaiting ship ment has been very much overrated. He thinks that, at the outside, there ate not at present over 4,000 bales on the river between Wentworth and Bourke. Several deaths from drowning have lately occurred in connection with the river traffic A man named Tait was recently drowned by falling overboard from the Culgoa's bargp, ani since that one -was similarly drowned by falling from the Maranoa, and one from the Francis CadelL The absence of any kind of guards to the barges is said to be the cause of these numerous disasters. Customs Rotentco? Tasmasia.— The Hobart Town Mercury of July 9 says :—' The Customs revenue for the month of June exhibits a decline on that for May of £1,263 5s. 10d.. which, having regard to the state of trade, is no more than might have been expected. But it has now, we believe touched its lowest point, and we may look for it to rally. The amount collected for the month of June in Hobart Town was £4,293 lfjs. Sd., and in Launceston £4,215 0s. 5d. Total for the two ports JKS.508 17s. Id., against 19,777 2s. lid. for the month of May. Totai collected for the first five months of the year, as already given, £08 581 j 'ii. 4d. Add for the month of June £8. 508 17s. Id.. 1 and that gives a total for the first six months of £K7,G90 0s. 5d. That doubled would give at the j rate of £131,180 -k lOd. for the year: but the sum ? set down in the Estimates was only £128,400. Still that is leaving only a small margin for contin gencies during the next six months, and there must therefore be no expenditure incurred that can be avoided, if things aie to be kept straight.' H.M.S. Galatea.— This skip left Malta on the - rth. April ia company -with the P. & O. Bteamer Uhina, for Marseilles. When off Corsica the two ressels encountered a very severe N.W. gale, and. found it necessary to bear up and get under the lee of Corsica. The P. & O. vessel stecmed round the north end of the island, and so escaped a good deal of the gale. The Galatea kept out to sea, and was compelled to heave-to for 24 hours, keeping her engines moving slowly. We have heard from several good authorities that Captain H.R.H. the . Duke of Edinburgh displayed good seamanship, and knew tho roughly well how to handle his ship, whether understeamorsail, during bad weather. The China arrived first at Marseilles, and on the arrival of the Galatea, Bear- Admiral Hall, who was on board the China, had the honour of entertaining His Royal Highness at a luncheon on board the P. & O. Bteamer. On his arrival on board, the gallant Prince was received by the distinguished Adihiral (who will never be known by any other name than Nemesis Hall), ami after the officers had been presented to him, took Lady Hall down to lunch. The Captain of the China, the British Consul, Miss Hall, &c; , were present. A corre pondent who was present writes:— 'The Duke made himself very pleasant, aud described the management of his ship during the gale in a thoroughly seamanlike manner. I think him very clever. He reminds me much of his father, and I consider that we are fortunate in having him in the navy.' It is with the greatest satisfaction that we mention these testimonies of the thorough going spirit of a young Prince who might, if he chose, turn over all his duties to other hand?-, and be content to care solely for his own amusement Most of all are we glad to see that he reminds our correspondent of his true-hearted and noble father.— United Service Gazette. Tboops FE3M New Zealaxd.—Wo extract the following from the Daily Southern Cross (Auck land), of July 2:— 'The Circular Saw barque Heversham, which was taken up by the Govern ment for the transport of tht men of H.M. 50th Regiment from Taranaki to the South Australian station, was inspected by the resident Transport Officer (Captain Spain), Colonel Gamble, and other officers, on the 24th, and was pronounced iu readi ness for the reception of her living freight The fittings were found to be completely satisfactory, and with a view to the comfort of the men during their transport The vessel cleared at the Customs during the day, with 200 tons of coal ou board— a portion of her original cargo from Newcastle, JNew Seuth Wales— and 397 tons of Government stores, skipped here for Adelaide. She sailed in the evening for Taranaki to embark her troops.'' STfcAt-o.ERS IN the H0U3K.— The Sydney Morn ing Herald of the Cth says :— ' The following is the exordium of the speech in the course of delivery, yesterday, in the Legislative Assembly, when Mr. Wiudeyer directed the attention of Mr. Speaker to 4 strangers in the House'— 'Mr. Speaker, the hon. member for CentraliCumberland has got so in fatuated that he barks at any bite, and shows his nose at anything like a ghost. It is a most remark able thing, Mr. Speaker, that the hon. member is not to be Held, xou cant get him at anything. What am I to do? I am a Government supporter, because, forsooth, I ask you, knowing the state in which you have been sweated there, in that chair, and seeing the way they are going on with him ! 1 respect you. I will not see you murdered. But here he is. Because, forsooth, I ask a question, he turns round and says I'm one of the Government rags one of the Government ttipe coves-bullock and lights, or anything else. He wants to make a mass of muck of my name, I do not care for the Government or him. I am such a sort of infatuated fool that 1 don't care for myself or any body else. In this question I was not advised nor was I requested by the Government to take the question of the vacant House or the want of mem bers; but when 1 see a man like that is, that wants to have his eye-teeth drawn out, or cut out, or something else, and put into a state of being civi lized, or something of this kind, why, any hon. member as feels his dignity hurt by the way in which this man is running down, goring, and running in— fine thorough-bred fellows— we are obliged to put him out-obliged to do it, and I think I am doing my duty in just stopping his gab. The hon. member who moved the motion. There is no member in this House, Mr. Speaker, so fond, I believe, of himself as be is. He knows it, and I accuse him although he is the Govern ment outside man. But, still, what does he want to do with the Governor? Leave him alone. jeave Sir John alone. Why, bless my soul I he's got a card, or somebody else has, to a feed. Anybody that'll give a feed, leave him alone— that's what I say. But these people who used to be, John knows where- (it's very well for him to gammon to be asleep)— they never used to give a feed. You know that, Mr. Speaker, as well aa I do.' The reporters and other ' strangers' were h. re ordered to withdraw, and the Noachian operation having been performed iu regard to the hou. mem ber's oratory, his style of speaking was called in question, whereupon it is said that the remon strant was threatened with the vigorous application of a big stick.' Eight Personb op onk Familt Drowned Together.— A terrible incident in tlie history of the recent floods is recorded in the subjoined extract from the report of an inquest at Burrandong on the bodies of eight persons who were drowned in one hut:— 'Isaac Daniel Baker, having been duly sworn, states— I have seen the bodies now lying here. I recognise them as those of my wife Alary Ann Baker, aged about 43 years; 1'aniel Baker, 13 years old: Henry Shadrach Baker, 11 years old; Andrew William Baker, 9 years: Charles Frederick Baker, 7 years: John Isaac Baker, 5 years: Thomas Edwin Baker, 3 years; and Mary Ann Elizabeth Baker, 8 months old. my children. I also recognise the body - f Frederick Smith. I am a shepherd in the employ of Messrs. Blunden. I lived near the Macquarie River, and near its junction with the Mudgee Kiver. On the day of the 21st instant I was at home all day. When tlie sheep came home (my boys Daniel and Henry Shadrach having been shepherding them that la\\). about 5 o'clock D.in. I went to the uaiiK ui nie iuacquane w see now me nver was. I saw it was rising. There was some high ground at the back of the sheepyard, where I had made a gateway to let the sheep out in case of a flood. This was between my hut on the river. We put the sheen iu, and I went to supper with all my family. I told my eldest son Moses we would have to remain up all night and watch the flood. After we had supper my two children that are now alive went to see the flood, and returned and told me that the water was coming very fast down the gully. The water was from the river, and was from 200 to 300 yards from the hut When I went out the deceased Fred. Smith was coming towards the hut to render me assistance. He told me the water had risen six feet in tbe Mudgee Kiver while he was at supper, and asked me what I was going to do. 1 said we shall get the children out We went to the hut, and I told my wife to get the children ready, as we should have to move, as tbe water was coming round fast, but there was still dry ground. In about 10 minutes from that time, when I went out again, £ fouad that the water had entirely surrounded us. I said to the deceased P. Smith, ' The water has surrounded us; what will you do!' He said, 'Well, I can't swim, I must remain with you.' At that time there was no possibility of escape. AVe then all went into the hut, and I fastened the door. About 20 minutes after the water began to come into the hut. I then put my wife and children on the loft over the bedroom, and I stood on the table. I was not afraid. I had hoped that the water would not rise much higher. At this time Frederick Smith was sitting on one of the beams of the loft Wheii tbe water reached the table I got off and sat on another beam. In about three-quarters of an hour the water rose to the top of the wall- plate, about six feet I then got a tomahawk and cut a hole in the bark of the roof. The deceased Frederick Smith was the first to go out, and I handed the children out to him, and the rest followed. When I got out the moon had just risen, and there was no land to be seen. I then 'cooeyed' for tbe first time. It was then 9 o'clock p.m. We were all 'cooeying.' and in about three-quarters of an hour heard an answer, and thought it was from Mrs. Smith, wife of the deceased Frederick Smith; they live about one third of a mile from my hut lhe water at this time was about 10 feet above the floor of the hut Ashor time after this I heard Mrs. Smith call out, and ask me if Fred was all riplr, meaning her deceased husband. I called loudly for help, and told her to go to Mr. Blunden's for help, as we were nearly done. She answered the call, and her husband then Bhouted and told her to go to Mr. Blunden's for the boat. We thought sne understood us. Her husband then told us not to cooey any more as she understood us and it might bother her. Some time after, the water rising fast and getting frightened, I cooeyed again and she answered. I then was sure she had not gone to Blunden's. I still kept calling, the water had just reached the ridgepole! on which we were Bitting. Seeing no possibility of escape I told the children to pray ; we all joined in prayer; we were all composed but one little boy who was crying. The water still con tinued to rise, and we had to stand on the ridge pole. About half-past 3 am. the first of the children died, Frederick, seven years old, the water being then up to my middle. He was not drowned; he died of cold. I was holding him in my arms, but the greater part of his body was under water. Just after this my boy Daniel, aged 13 years, said, 'God Almighty bless you alL I cannot stand it any longer.' I said, ' You can swim. Daniel; do you think yon can make to the tree?' My boy Moses raid, 'Father, he is too far gone.' I held Daniel until he was dead, and then let him fo to catch another. The next to die were John saac, aged five years, and Thomas Edwin, aged three yean. They were in the arms of my sou Moses, who said, 'Father, these two children are dead; what must I do now?' I said, 'Moses, while you have strength, try and save your self.' He said, 'Can't I help yoaf I said, 'No,, my boy, go to the tree while you have strength, so that some one shall live to tell the tale.' He said, 'Father, I believe I shall be the only one saved,' and he kissed me and started, and reached the tree safely; the tree was about 20 yards from the hut I called to Moses and told him his mother was still alive, and I would hold her as long as there was life in her. Some time after this my wife died, and I let her go. I then went to take the baby from my daughter Cecilia. She said, 'No, father, you can't hold it better than me, and I cannot hold it much longer.* I then r iTii :£' T^ weu; '»'-'« water, telling her to hold the baby as long as she could, and then to swim to where her brother was. I made the tree, and. with the assistance of my son Moses got on the limbs. A very short time after j heard a splash, and Moses said, ' Here 'a Cecilia.' She sung out for help. I heartened her on to strike out ; she dii, and came within arm's length. My son Moses leaned over to cateh her. He missed her the firat time. I could see her. but her head was underwater. I said. 'My God. Moses, go in. He caught her just then, and we pullet her up the tree. When I left her on the hut I hat no. hopes of her. as I did not think she conic a ?' -fe!*. bef«rp I left the hut for the tree Andrew Wdham died. About the same time the deceased F. Smith, who was holding Henry Shad rach, told me the boy was dead. I said, ' You Have done all you can; you must try to shift for y oursel f. Can you swim ?' He said, ' -'o ; give me wtiat uirectious you can, I might have a chance;' and I did so. He started to come to the tree. He came but a littie way, when he sank. About sunrise Mrs. Smith, wife of the deceased Frederick amith, came in a boat arid released my son Moses, my daughter Cecilia, and myself (the only sur vivors) from the tree, and took us to dry land.' Victoria Theatee.— 'Our American Cousin' and ' Medea' were repeated on Friday night to a good house. To-night there will be a Bensation programme, commencing with 'The Colleen ?Bawn' aa J ending with 'The Spitfire.' 