THP ALLEGED ; CESSION .OF iTGUBUBG. Thecession.of LrixeraburgtoFrancewoiild nnquestioriahly ' be" the' signal " for"' a great European war. The Grand-Daehy is as much a part of the Great G crman' Corifciloration as ever Sohloswig-Holsiein was ; and although Prussia Would not bo likely to attempt to dis- turb the titlo .of the' Kirig 'of Holland, or to rilionate - the , succession ; from) the house; of Orangri-Nossau, it would-ncvcr'- for -a- moment recognise the right of tho Dake to Bell his in- heritonce without the consent of. the rest of the German powers ; and that : - concent will assuredly never be given, even though the purchaser wore a less objectionable individual than tho Eriiperor of tho French:. - There is nothing snrprisiog in the willingness of the King of Holland, to sell his little Gorman estate, isolated as it is from the rest of his kingdom, and heavy laden as it is with debt ; nor in the "willingness' of Napoleon tho .Third to push the frontier of Franco down the Moselle towards thoRhino, so, aa-o-menaco. Prussia on one hand). and Belgium on' the other." But the Kjri of'H.aliant) has not.'.glseiliu'gLtitle/.ri.Dd could not give possession .even if the bargain were finally closed. Prussia is in actual possession, fortho fortress of Luxemburg — ont of the strongest in the world — is garrisoned, like the other fortresses of Germany, by a federal contingent,- rind that, of course, is synonymous .to saying lhat it is ,orie of 'the stfonglidlds of- Prusaiei Such being the case, it is utterly inconceivable that the' Prussian garrison, should maroh out peaoofully in order that a French garrison should mareli ,iri. There is not a power in Europe that could support Franco in ease pf Prussia's refusal to yield 'possession. .Even. Austria would not' dare to draw a sword against Prussia in such a cause. Were the ICuiser to do so, it would be at the peril of losing' all his hold on German sympathies, and the unnexation of Bohemia to tho northern confederation wouitl be the sub stantial price he would have to pay for bis temerity.- The thoroughly German character of Lux-r omburg'was clearly ehowp at tlio, lime of the. separation of Belgium from Holiatid. Torrito- rially.Aicoiiisidcred;! 'Luxeraburg' ahould. "have formed part of the now , kingdom. It was, in fact, the corne'r'farttiest removed from Holland. -Had it formed an-integral- part of the kingdom of the Netherlands,- it could not have- remained for a day atlaoked to Holland. But the French' -army that reduced' Antwerp "did . riot dare to interfere with Luxemburg. The very circum- storioe that prevented the allies. ftSin interfering with tho Duchy in 1832 stand in the way of nny bargain between "France and Holland in 1807\. Indeed, tbo difficulties :in_ tho way at tho present time are vastly greater than tbey- formerly were. Germany was strictly neutral throughout the Belgian revolution, and it mattered, littlo how the duohy wim disposed of so long a3it8"pbssesBor' aoknowladgohimsolf -bound-by-federal-obligation8. Had it passed to Belgium there would have been no alteration in regard to its relations 'witii Gormnny. the master; It is quite impossiblri that tho neutral powers can ever, arrange the " Lux emburg question" othor than by acknowledging the right of Prussia to. hold the fortress as one of tho strongholds of Germany against the en croachments of Frarioe. . The sale of tho fortress and territory by the King of Holland can never bo looked upon by Germany in uny -otUor-liglit-thau-as- an-aotoof-iabdicationq-and- the succession , boing closed,, it follows as a natural eorisriquerice.that ,the power' in. posses sion— Prussia— must hold it against all corners- whose title is not bettor 'than her own. Tho"" Popular Enoyclupcdia " saya—.Tho GrandDachyHof-Luxrirnburg is a provinco boloDgirig partly. to Holland, portly to,Belgium; comprising tho duohiea of- Luxemburg and of Boiiillou, bounded by Liege,, the Lower Rhine) Namur, arid France. The superficial extent is. about 2,400 'square miles, with 293,555 inhabitants. " Tho surface is covered with woods(: mountains,. and. desert. heaths, among which, howevor, are some pleasant valleys ana fertile-hillsrTher-Arderincs— ore-the-chief- mountoins. The soil is stony, marshy, and not very productive. The Moselle and the Ourthe are the principal rivers. Agriculture is the ohiof acoupation of. 'the people, bui potatoes form the principal food, cam not boing "raisod iri sufficient quantities. ' The forests belooging to; the state alone 'extend, ovor -117,971 hectares. A hectare, is nearly two and. a half acres.J Cattle' are '.abundant .; -groat flocks ofsshecp are-reared on the- plains of tho Ardennes; tho: horses are: small, but colebreted for .their .spirit and activity. The' iron mines are ' extensively wrought, and the slate ' quarries yield large quantities of roof- slates. The inhabitants are Walloons and Germans, and in genoral rude, superstitious, arid ignorant. They are of the Roman Catholic religion, for the greater part; The King of the Netherlands, as- Grand Duke of Luxemburg, is a membor of the 'Germanic Confederation, rind furnishes a' contingent of 1,850 men to the army of the Confederacy.' As a province of the kingdom of the Nether lands, it has an area of 1,228 geographical square miles, end a population of 169,730. The provincial estates consist of sixty mom- bera, riamedby the three orders,' that'of the" nobles, qthrit of the' cities, )afid.; that of the country. Luxemburg was erected into a duohy, by the Germsn 'Emperor. in 1354, and in 1443 crime by' marriage to Phillip of Bur gundy, and through him to Spain. In 1815, it was granted, by the oongress of Yionita, to the King of the Netherlands, who possessed it in common with Holland and Belgium till 1830, when, -in conscqucnoe of tlio revolution of the latter, part of it. became a Belgian provinco. Luxemburg, the capital, with 11,430 inhabi tants, is one. of tbo; strongest fortresses in Erirope. The upper town ia situated on an elevated rook, rising precipitously from a plaid, arid dofendod by strong works. Fivo haiteries on the neighboring heights: command all the country round, and particularly the roads front Treves and Thionville. . It is one of the-four great fortresses reserved by the Germanic conr federation, -and garrisoned by. a. large body of Prussia troops. It is 27 leagues, south east of Liege; arid 39 south-east of Brussels, . The Date' Abtemus Waed,— A . brief sketoh of eome the: incidents in the career of Artemus Ward, gleaned from on American soureermay:not bo uninteresting to our readers. Charles F. Browne;' was born in 1834,. at a village colled Writerford, ' in Oxford County. When quite a boy he entered a printing office, and waa considered n very skilful manipulator at the ", case,"i.but beeomiDg tirefi of scoing the same otd faces every day, .he started upon a tour and yislted ell " the "priricipal placoa in Now England, stopping at cnch town; for a brief period, aud working at" hia trade) Ho afterwards settled in Boston, whore ho.worked with " stick and rule" nntil his abilities enabled -. riim .to roach -the. . editorial oltatr Comic stories and. comic essays were his forte, and his . writings soon obtained the greatest popularity. - Tiring of Boston, he made his way to the west. " Oh" the shores of Lake Erie arid on the.hanbs of tho Ohio and Mississippi he gleaned that knowledge of WeBtrn life and acquired that ricnto insight into. the comic side of Western character whioh stand out so conspicuously in bis. hmnororis - skotohes. Having reached Cleveland, he' became editor of tho Plaindealer. It "was at this' period of hia life that be adopted the pseudonym of Artemue Ward. In the autumn' of: 1860, ho oam"? to-NeV York) 'ari'd'was engaged7 in the editorial department oi Vanity Jhir. His first attempt at. Ieoturing was nt .Norwioh, Conn., sincri whieh- he has : attained to great celebrity as a comic writer and lecturer. His chief subjects were' " The Babes In) the Wood)" " Sixty minutes in Africa," "An Hour with PresidontLincoin," "Artemus; Ward's Struggle with the Ghost," and "Life among the Mor mons." In 1868. ho Sailed for California, whore ,he made ' o most sueceasfal tour, rind realised large sums of monoy by his lecturirig. On ono occasion, at : Plptt's Musio Hall, San Frauoisoo, the receipts amounted to 1,465 dollars. At San Jose the place was illumi nated with tar barrels on the night of hia arrival. At Santa Clara, -the building not being sufficiently large, the whole- uudienco adjourned to the opon air, while Artemus, sup ported by Mr. Hingston, his agent, holding two wax candles, " spoke his piece", under the star-Bpangled canopy of Heaven." On his way to the Salt Lake City, he- Was .captured by Indians, and . narrowly escaped scalping. Returning; through tho rocky mountains the sloigb was broken, and Mr. Brown und Mr. Hingston bad to walk some miles through the snow at midnight) followed by a troop of hungry wolves, which they kept at hay with their revolvers. He returned to New York in 1864, where he attracted immense audiences by lecturing upon his travels in California and SaltLtikeCity.- — Illustrated Theatrical -JVeiss,- Ridioule is a weak weapon, when levelled at a strong mind. n ; 