Our Portfolio. SONNET, ON HEARING THE CLOCK STRIKE AT MIDNIGHT ON THE 31ST DECEMBER. BY LEITH RITCHIE. HARK! In that dirge-like peal what magic lies To move me thus? Unwilling thoughts that come, Like long-laid ghosts from some forgotten tomb, Tell me what potent spell had said, Arise! Yet star awhile, ye dreams that my young eyes Once loved to rest on; linger smiles, and tears Far sweeter: but the shadow of lost yean, Mingling with darker clouds, already flies. So, when a few faint notes of distant song Pass o'er the heart as some lone traveller, Like sounds he once had loved, the echoes there Are straight awakened, that the tones prolong One busy moment: soon 'tis heard no more, And the cold heart is silent as before. Bns if a woman had as many locks upon her heart as she has upon her head, a cunning rogue would find hit way into it. PnuvxßAHCS.—lf yon wish to do good, do good; if you wish to assist people, assist people. The only way to learn to do a thing is to do it; and that implies, before you learn to do right yon will learn to do wrong—you will make blunders, you will have failures; but persevere, and in the end you will learn your lessons, and many other lessons by the way. QuAßKKixnra.—lf anything in the world will make a man feel badly, except pinching his fingers in the crack of a door, it is unques tionably a quarrel. No man ever fails to think less of himself after it than before. It degrades him in the eyes of others, and, what is worse, blunts his sensibilities on the one hand, and increases the power of passionate irritability on the other. The truth is, the more peaceably and quietly we get on, the better for our neighbors. In nine eases out of ten the better course is, if a man cheats you, cease to deal with him; if he is abusive, quit his company; and if he slanders you, take care to live so that nobody will believe him. No matter who he is, or how he misuses you, the wisest way is to let him alone; for there is nothing better than this cool, calm, and quiet way of dealing with the wrongs we meet with. 