THE MERCURY. I THURSDAY MORNING, NOV. 7, im. I IF our earnestness on the main line of rail- way question were to be measured by the sum parliament bag voted for that purpose, it would have to be pronounced very small. We arc almost ashamed to name the sum, lest we should be heartily laughed at. But it must be done, wo suppose, at whatever risk. Tive hundred pounds then is the sum,and seven gentlemen aro employed to spend it. In this, they act as a Eoyal Commission, and tboy will, no doubt, do their duty, as far as they can, having regard to the distance at which they are from each other. Two are in the north, Messrs. DODEBT and DOUQÜAS, and five in the south, "Messrs. CANSDEtL, FXBU, INNES, LEWIS, and WIXSON. How- ever, looking at the magnificent sum placed at their disposal, who can refrain from a parody on one of BULWEB'S works, " "What will they do with it ?" They cannot think about the survey of a main line of railway from this to Launceston with any such sura. That is not iu their commission. What they are to do, as we stated on Tuesday last, is this. They are to " make diligent enquiry into the probable cost of constructing a main line of rail- way to connect Hobart Town with Laun- ceston, aud providing such railway with sufficient and effective locomotive and roll- ing stock, and to report on the same on or before the 30th of June, 1868." How they are to do this, and do it in such a way as to make their labor of any value, without a previous survey of the line, is best known to themselves. They may possibly accumulate some infor- mation that will be of use, and if they do, none will be more rejoiced than we shall be ourselves. But whatever they do must bo entirely of a preliminary character, and will have to be followed by a parliamentary and engineering survey to which parliament would not listen for the present. A part of their business will necessarily consist in an enquiry into the cost of such a survey, and in reference to that we may probably put them in the way of getting some information. Wo do not say that what we have to supply is very definite. It may, however, be of some use, inasmuch as it will give a clue to what they want. In one of the Adelaide papers of October the 15th, it is said :-" A paper has been printed by order of the legislative council showing amounts paid for surveying various lines of railway in this colony. The Strathalbyn and Middleton tramway is twenty-one milos and seventeen chains long, and the survey has cost £1,001 4s. 4d. The Dry Creek Loopline, four miles and thirty-seven chains, cost £158 3s. 4d. to survey. The Port Wakefield tramway, thirty and one-half miles, has cost £1,345 17s. 4d., the permanent survey being only completed for fifteen and one-half miles,the trial surveys finished throughout. The Roseworthy and Forresters line, twenty-four miles, cost £600 4s. 3d. for the completion of the trial surveys for the whole distance,and the permanent sur- vey for thirteen and three quarter miles. Tho trial surveys for the proposed line from Clare to Kadina, fifty-five miles twenty-one chains, were let at £5 5s. per mile, and cost £290. Tbore is a return of the cost of the Narra coorie and Mount Gambier tramway, sixty two miles, and of the alternative line,nineteen miles, but the total is only £469 15s. 2d. ; but this calculation is evidently based on some other principle, and does not represent the whole expense." Theso charges seem to us to be very moderate. At any rate, they are less than the same kind of work has boon estimated at in this country. But it ought to be mentioned that this is for surveys for the most part over vory lovel linos. The Strathalbyn and Glare lines would, we Buppose, bo the only exceptions. Still taking tlio Strathablyn one, which is the first on the list, and which we suspect to be tiie most difficult one, the total cost, it will bo obsorved, is only a fraction ovor £1,000 for the twenty-one miles, which would give ¡65,000 or thereabouts for tho survey of a Hue from this to Launceston though a country not at all dissimilar, stretching away as the Strathalbyn does into the Mount Lofty rauges. However,too much reliance must not be placed on these figures. The return itself can be easily pro- cured, and a number of similar returns can be obtained from Victoria. We attach no importance whatever to what is said in the above of the lines thus surveyed being tramways. They form no part of the main line of railway in South Australia from Adelaide to tho north, but they are to bo railways to all intents and purposes, just as much as the lino we project from Hobart Town to Launceston will bo a raihvay.when ever it is constructed. How long it is to be before we begin to think about this in real earnest, who would under- take to say ? Judging from the past, another four or five years at tho very least. The promoters of the Launceston and Western railway were eight to nine years , nfc work before they got their bill put into anything like a workable shape. But the agitation for the main line of railway from this to Launceston has not boon of more than four years' duration, scarcely that, indeed. It began at the close of 18G3. Much of the success of the movement in favor of this line will, no doubt, depoud on the way in which the Launceston and West- ern line is managed. If the loan for that , line is easily negotiated, and the works are pushed forward with spoed, we shall then begin to bostir ourselves in favor of the main line, and shall allow nothing to stand in the way. Nor do we see why either of the things predicated with regard to the Launceston and Western line should not be done. In looking at the former of these, we attach no importance whatever to money now being under offer in the Lon- don market at 2 per cent. That is no guide, as we have already seen in more cases than ona, to the readiness of British capitalists to invest in coloniol railways. They want something moro in the way of induce- ment than this. But by the time tho directors of the Launceston and Western Railway are ready to put their debentures on tho London market, British capitalists may be just as ready, as they are now back- ward, to invest in such securities. And when the directors aro once in fuuds, they will for their own sakes bo anxious to push on tho work with all the speed in their power. They are too anxious to have the work done to yield to any unnecessary delay. This is not a very encouraging view of things to place before the advocates of the main line. They may not wish it to be thought that tho success of their project is in any way dependent on the Launceston and Western line. But it is the best we can hold out. Whether they believe it or not, they will find that any decisive steps that may be taken with regard to the main line will de- pend rery much upon tho success of those who have taken the lead. It might have boen unwise for us to have allowed this. But there is no ignoring the fact. They were up and stirring in the north when we were fast asleep, and we must pay the penalty of our indo- lence. It may, however, turn out better than we expect. Iustead of paying a penalty for our indolence, it may be that we shall be benefited by their experience. It will be our own fault, if we are not. A SINGULAR case waB adjudicated upon in the Court of Probate by Sir J. P. WILDE in August last, in which property to a large amount was involved, some of which now falls to near relatives of persons resident in Tasmania. This must be our apology for referring to this case at length. Mrs. Anne THWAITES, late of Charmandean, near Worth- ing, Sussex, and of 17 Hyde Park-gardens, disposed of property by will to the amount of upwards of £400,000, making Mr. Simm SMITH, better known in the pleadings as Dr. SMITH, and Mr. Samuel SMITH, residuary legatees. Mrs. TEDBiTT,the8Ísteraudouly next of kin to the deceased, and the two children of Mrs. TEBBiir.Mrs. COOK and Mr. Walter TEBBITT, disputed tho will, pleading against it undue execution, incapacity, and undue influence. The case was heard so far back as April and May last, and occupied nine or ten days. Judgment was then reserved, and has now been given in favor of the defendants, that is, in favor of the objectors to the will. The judgment, as delivered iu the Probate Court, would take up a whole page of this journal in its smallest type, and is quite a study on the law of insanity. Into that, we cannot go, however, not even in a condensed form. Our attention would thereby be diverted from the more salient points of tho case, which aro all for which wo can find room. This Mrs. THWAITES was the relict of the tea dealer and government contractor of that name at one timo well known in the city. She had been his house kooper, but afterwards became his wife, and inherited the whole of his property, real and personal, at his death. Shortly before this, Dr. SMITH appears to have been called iu professionally to see Mrs. THWAITES, when debilitated by fever, and in a highly nervous condition. She was a woman of no education, and docs not appear at any time to have been brought under sound religious influences. She was, consequently, just the kind of person to be operated upon by design- ing men. Whether Dr. SMITII deserves to be considered so or not is not now the question. But it came out on the trial, that, while her husband was lying dead, and before his burial, she made a draft will, whereby Bho bequeathed all the vast property she had just acquired toDr. SMITH, with the exception of about £50,000, and this she followed up at once with an annuity to him of £2,000, and iu after years with donations to the extent of nearly £50,000. ThiB draft will wasmadeon the 19th of Deccmber,1831,aud it was under this, afterwards executed, that the plaintiffs appoar to have claimed. Was Mrs. THWAITES mad then when she mado this will ? That was the first question to bo considered : in other nords, was she of a" sound and disposing mind, memory, and understanding" at the time of making tho will? Against this,a vast amount of evidence had beeu adduced, with nothing deserving of the name of a rebuttal. Sir J. P. Wir.DE read from his notos. Mrs. THWAITES had said to different witnesses : " That she had intercourse with thoCtiEATOii; j that she was the HOLY GHOST, the third person of the Trinity, and Mr. Simm SMITH tho Eather; that she was seven degrees above GOD ; that she sent the cholera or the influenza through all creation, and that it had to go through her first ; that tho brutes had been attempting to poison her ; that ono stage of her work was blindness ; that she had gone through the new birth, overy bone, and sinew, and drop of blood having boon made new ; that, if tho AiiMiaurr lost her, everything would go to chaos ; that she was about to bring forth the SAVIOUII of the world ; that the TEDDITT family were doomed to everlasting perdition ; that she hold direct communication with the FATHER ; that the judgment of tho world was to tako placo in her drawing-room iu Hydo Park ; that I Dr. SMITH knew everything sho did ; that sho was the first causo and pivot on which tho whole world hung ; that, at ouo stago of the work, tho Doctor required large sums to carry it on ; that it soeinod foolish to ^hor to make a will, as she was immortal, but she must act in nature ; that she had a head-dreBB of hair anda coronet of diamonds made oxpressly for the judgment day ; that Mrs. CUBTIS was a child of GOD, and was obliged to fall on her knees and worship her, for she know that sho was the HOLY GHOST ; that when the work was finished they would have Buckingham Palace and Windsor CaBtle ; that she and the Doctor , mndo tho thunder and the lightning, and were in their glory in the midst of a good thunderstorm ; that they were the Supreme Beings, and communicated together, though they were absent from one another ; that when the judgment took place in her draw- ing- room, she waa to take part in it, with the LORD JESUS CHRIST, ia connexion with Dr. SMITH." Stronger proof of absolute madness than this, no one coald desire. And what is alleged here did not occur at one time only, but at several distinct times ; was not said to one person only, but to a number of per- sons, whoso testimony in no respect varied, either as to the main facts of the case, or as to the precise language employed. Mrs. THWAITES does not, indeed, appear to have had a very extensive vocabulary, or to have been able to rise above the dead level of the statements given above. She was neither impulsive, nor given to much in the way of enthusiasm. She ate and drank just as any other person, and went about her household work in the ordinary way. But Dr. SMITH had taken care to have his brother, Mr. Samuel SMITH, quartered upon her, and only came to see her himself once a fort- night, when he took orderB from her as to any business transactions that required to be attended to, and BO managed her property that Bhe was not a shilling richer in 1866, than she was in 1834, although it was shown in evidence that Bhe did not live at the rate of more than £2,000 to £3,000 a year. Was it possible then that her state of mind could have been unknown to him, and that he had no hand in getting her to shut her door on her relatives ? Wheu Mrs. TEBBUTT, her only sister, called upon her, at an early stageof the business.she called her a child of the devil, and dismissed her in a very violent manner in the presence of individuals whom Dr. SMITH had been mainly instrumental in getting about her, adding aa she did BO, " I have been advised by my friends to shut my doors against you and all belonging to you." Who were the friends to gire this advice ? She had none but Dr. SMITH and his brother, and Buch other persons as they permitted her to be surrounded with. Nor should this remark- able circumstance in the case be overlooked. Her will gave large legacies, say, of £5,000 to £15,000, to every individual, man or woman, in whose society she moved, or who could be said socially to know any- thing about her. Whose doing was this ? And with what object was it done P Was it not with the view of shutting out evidence as to the state of her mind ? At the outset we stated that we should hardly have thought of referring to this case but for the fact of the defendants, who become possessed by this judgment of the whole of the late Mrs. THWAITES'S property, having relatives in this colony, not directly interested in the result, but to whom it will be a matter of rejoicing. Still it is one of those cases that will be read with interest, and that is world-wido in its importance. We hare nothing to say of Dr. SMITH ourselves, but Sir J. P. WILDE very plainly toldhim.that if he had not found the testatrix mad when she made this will, he should have had to have made a more scru- tinising enquiry into the sort of influence that had been brought to bsar upon her when she made it. And have there been no other oases in which this might have boen done with propriety ? For a medical man to abuse his position iu this way is the worst of all crimes. It is not only risking his position in his profession. It amounts to the perpetration of robbery on a large scale. Not from the deceased, indeed, but from their rightful heirs. ERRATUM.-In our report of Mr. Chapman's reply to tho deputation of laboring men, in yes- terday's issue, Mr. Chapman is made to say that " it was of courso the duty of tho Government to offer immediate work rathor than seo the un- employed people starve." What Mr. Chapman said was, that it was the duty of the Government to offer immediate " relief. " In roferonce to tho remark relative to tho bauks, Mr. Chapman was asked the question, " Would not the banks ad- vance money ?" When ho replied, " Certainly not," and that tho Government wore awaiting the receipt of advices by the noxt mail as to the Bale of debentures for public works, which, when commenced, would afford employment to many. MR. AND MRS. GEORGE CASE'S ENTERTAIN- MENT.-There was a good attendance at the Town HaUla8tevening,uotwitlistaudingtheinclemoncy of tho weather, when Mr. and Mrs. George Case repeated their entertainment, " Odds and Ends," which was extremely well received. There is to bo no performance this evening, but to- morrow evening a farewell ontertaiument is to be given in the nature of a benefit. In addition to a new and elaborate programme, Mr. Case is to play De Beriot's first concerto, being accom- panied by Mr. Packer, who will also play a fantasia oh the piano. Tile Protean Cabinet will bo again exhibited, and the mystery roally ox plained, Mr. Case going through " the ordeal" without closing tho doors. As a parting souvenir overy lady and gentleman purchasing a ticket for the resorvod_ or centre seats is to be presented with a carte do visite of Mrs. Case or Mr. and Mrs. Case, photographed by oue of the leading Mel- bourne artists. Some of these cartes have been exhibited by Messrs. Walch and Sons, and they will, doubtless, form a handsome and interesting addition to many albums. For full particulars wo rofer to our advertising columns. BAZAAR.-Tha bazaar in aid of tho Tasimnian Messetujer caine off, as anuounced,at tho Alliance Rooms yostorday, and was well attended during tho day. There wore threo stalls, under the charge, respectively, of Mrs. and Miss Galt, Mrs. Rolwegan, assisted by Mrs. Robinson and Mrs. Napier, Miss Rothwell, and Miss Vautin. The stalls wero loadod with usoful and ornamental articlos of all kinds, tho former predominating. Tlioro wero also a number of woll-executod pictures in sea weeds and water colors, which attracted a good deal of attention. The rain which came on oarly in the oveuing provoutod an attomUnco, but, nevertheless, the ladies stuck to thoir posts until 10 o'clock, and amused thomselves by playing on tho piano and singing. Wo understand it is intended to open tho bazaar again on Friday, when, if the whole of tho articles are not sold, they will be disposed of privately. À CAPTURE.-A man who now gives tho name of Allan Williamson, but who had taken his passage hy the Boomorang schooner, which loft hero yesterday for Melbourne, iu tho namo of John Smith, was capturod yesterday after a vain endeavor to escapo the police officers who wero making diligent search for bim during the oivrlior part of tlio morning. ' It seems that about 11 o'clock yesterday Mr. Superintendent Propsting, who was accompanied by D. O. Morley and D. 0. Viokers, saw tlio niau nour tho Kensington Inn, corner of Argyle and Bathurst stroots, and as soon as ho porcoivotl that tho police wero neariug him, the follow minto a bolt down tho street towards tho Domain, D.O. Morley running off in ouo direction, nud Mr. Propsting with Vickors striking off in nnothor. A baker's horse and cart standing nour Collins-street, as the superiutoudont and detective wera running,towards tho Domain in that direction, Mr. Propsting took advantage of tho fauility thus "accident illy offered to him for a moro oxpeditiouH pursuit of the runaway, and,driving rapidly rouml,tho superintendent ami Vickers roachod tho Domain end of Bathurst-stroet just as the mau had boon stoppud thoro hy Con- stable Jackson. The runaway was thou taken to tho Police Office and ohnrgod with having forged two choquen for £5 IOH., each purporting to be siguod hy Mr. J. Clark, of Hamilton, and will bo brought up before the magistrates this morning for preliminary examination. _*tr_ * .,1 ti. - ,1_í 1 