" Oh waken snakes and walk your chalks." BON GAULTIER. TO THE EDITOR OF THE BRISBANE COURIER. out,-Ano ordinary sleepiness which, hanging over Brisbano, nocossarily alioota mo as one of its rosidonts, has boon disturbed by tho violonco attempted to my appreciation of mon and things in relation to two matters. According to the' Guardian, Mr. Robort Short nnnouncos that ho once convulsod an ompiro. The .oditor of the Guardian bimsolf squashos Lord Lytton: This is really a serious matter, for tho oditor did also essay to squash Mr. Robort Short. Thoy moy bo loft to settle their own disputos, but it is too bad that Lord Lytton should bo smotherod undor Quoonsland snakos. Ono can hardly soo tho connection botwoon tho editor of tho Guar- . dian and thoso abominable reptiles, un- less as related to somo of tho deceased men- tioned in tho sketch in " AH tho Year Round" ho seeks to establish a vondotta. I am sure I havo no objoction. But tho skotoh was insortod in "All tbo Year Round," and Mr. DiokonB wos orodulous, -and in proof of his orodulity boliovod in ghosts and clairvoyance It may be that ho does so boliovo, but ho has not said so. As to tho snakes, tho narrativo portion of tho skotoh is strictly truo. Tho man who was so noar death in oousoquonoo of tho bito of a blaok snnko, was ono employod by Mr. W. 0. Wakoly, camped at tho timo on the Logan, and whoso conduct has boon so graphically and rightly dosoribod by tho writor of tho nrtiolo in quostion as " Noble." In faot thora is nothing in tho oiroumstancos dosoribed as to Bnakos beyond thoso whioh happon in tbo ovory day lifo of bushmon and oxplorors. It is a bad sign of n writor's Banity, bo he oditor, or bo ho mortal, whon ho con- founds two things so opposito os tho descrip- tion of a snake mid Lord Lytton's " Strange Story," and tho orodulity whioh might admit a curious statoinont of an allegad faot with the approoiativo admiration whioh receives a power- ful fiction. Lord Lytton's " Strange Story" no ono over looked upon as a narrativo of foots, but as a marvellous invention, ombodying a vast and \ariod oollootion of loaming of a vory rare oharootor, oonvoyod in a manner whioh nono but the illustrious author dare ottompt. Probably tho author of tho sketch ontitlod "Queensland Snakos" folt somo astonisbmont at finding himself for onco in his lifo placod on a lovol with Lovor, Lord Lytton, and Charles Dickons, on tbo ground that tho groat editor and novelist was credulous alike as to snakes and ghosts, and classed " A Strango Story" in tho samo outogory as a description of a reptile. Ono must boar with thoso things. Tho othor day I was horriflod at hoaring Mr. Walsh do soribo Mr. Lamb as orawliug upon his bolly boforo Mr. Arohor and Mr. Fitzgerald. " Upon thy bolly sholt thoa go." This was thosontonco upon tho old original sorpont. Ho wont upon his bolly. So, according to Mr. Walsh, doos Mr. Lamb. A lamb thorofore may bo capablo of transformation into a snako. Lot tbo oditor of tbo Guardian bowaro of tbo oonscquonoos of his own logic, for is not Mr. Lamb ono of tho owners of that journal, and tbo proximity might bo dangorous.-Yours, faithfully, W. O. 