DESTRUCTION OF DUFFIELD'S MILL. The Gawler correspondent of the Adelaide Observer gives the following report of this oc-<*> currence: — A most destructive fire occurred in Gawler laat night (Sunday, 23rd), by which the whole of Messrs. W. Duffield and Co.'s Victoria Mill was burned to the ground. About a quarter £o 10 o'clock the alarm was given. The church bella of the town were rung, and the cry of fire passed rapidly from mouth to mouth. In a Tery few minutes almost every person in Gawler was on the spot, and every effort was made by hundreds of willing hands to prevent the destruction of the property and the spread of the fire to other buildings. When first dis covered it was probably too late to arrest the flames, even if the town had been possessed of fire-engines and other appliances; but there not being anything of the kind in the neigh borhood, it was at once seen to be perfectly hopeless. The books and papers were imme diately removed from the office (which is de tached from the mill) to a place of safety. Quantities of bales of bags, wheat, pollard, &c;, were also removed from the burning building. Great efforts were made by a large number of the persons present to prevent the fire from reaching the office to the east of the building, and towards which the wind was blowing, a wheat store lying to the north, with only the breadth of a narrow road between it and the mill, and .the timber-yard ■on the south, which is almost adjoining. These efforts were providentially successful, for had any of the surrounding buildings or the wood taken fire there is no telling how many places in the town would have shared the fate of the mill. The wind was very light and tending towards the least dangerous point. This was a great assistance to the workers. The wheat store took fire two or three times, but it was quickly extinguished. There was sufficient water on the spot for the purpose, and willing hands soon brought it to bear on the fire. Messrs. Duffield and Mitchell were present, and worked hard and well. Mr. Duffield at length fell down overpowered by heat, exertion, and excitement. About 12 o'clock the fire was at its height, and was a terrible though melan choly spectacle. After this it gradually burnt lower, and soon all danger to the surrounding buildings was over. Watch had, however, to be maintained all night, and on Monday the fire continued burning. The mill was of course in sured, but no insurance can make up the loss of time and business to the firm. On many work men and their families, whose bread was daily earned in the mill, its destruction will fall heavily. Much sympathy is felt by all the townspeople with Messrs. Duffield and Mitchell and their employes. The mill was supplied with large tanks of water and with engines, by means of which the water could be poured on any part of the building; bat the fire happening on a Sunday when the works were stopped the tanks were rendered useless, for the fire was too far advanced when discovered to allow of the engine being started. Pieces of hot cinders fell on the roofs of the houses in Murray-street, but no harm was done. Every one felt con cerned when watching the progress of the flames, that should a fire occur in Murray street, with the appliances at present in Gawler, half the town would be consumed. Something ought surely to be done in this matter. The amount of property destroyed was great. Mr. Malcolm, and in fact all the employe* of the firm, with many others, deserve great credit for their prompt and indefatigable exer tions. There is no due at present to the origin of the fire, which will cause much loss to the town as well as to the owners. 4 p.m. Up to this time the wheat and other material lying in one mass between the four walls that belonged to the mill have continued to burn fiercely, and probably will continue for several days more. A glance at the interior through the empty window-frames discloses a scene of apparently inextricable confusion. In one common mass lie mill-wheels, shafts, and the great French stones, the latter cracked and partially calcined by the intense heat. Throughout the day the spot was the resort of crowds of persons, and on looking around, the feeling that is more imme diately excited is one of wonder that the ravages of the fire were confined to the mill. There are great stacks of timber—deal, rafters, Ac. —be- sides firewood, within a few paces of where the flames raged. Had these caught fire, in all probability several other houses must have been burnt, and the consequences might have been very much more disastrous to Gawler. Men were busily employed moving the bran, pollard, &c;, that had been hastily turned out of the mill during the night for safety, and before the day has again closed in all the stock-in-trade that was uninjured will be under cover. The building, stock-in-trade, Ac., were in sured in four offices, and it is believed the posi tive loss will be about covered by the policies. The midday train brought up the agents of three of the offices, who attended at the inquest. THE INQUEST. An inquest on the fire at the Victoria Mills, Gawler, was held to-day by Mr. R. J. Turner, S.M. A jury of fourteen of the principal inha bitants was empannelled, and after they had been sworn, the first witness examined was George Filsell, who deposed to being a la borer in the employ of Messrs. Duffield and Co.; lived adjacent to the mill, on the premises; about half-past 9 p.m. heard a curious noise, which he could not account for; went out and opened the door, and remarked that he thought the men were there; looked and saw the engine house on fire; called Thomas Allen, who was also on the premises, and gave the alarm; the engine house was one body of flame; after giving the alarm found Mr. Wheeler, the engi neer, at the door throwing water on the fire. The door had been burst open; tha floor of the engine house was burning all over; the water at first seemed to quench the fire, but shortly after saw the ceiling burning; had seen the mill about 5 o'clock previously, and there seemed no fire then; passed the mill about 6 o'clock, and again about half-past 8. By the jury: Did not see any fire in front of the mill at the time he discovered the fire; there was no one in the mill that he was aware of that day, and saw no strangers about Thomas Baker Wheeler: Am an engineer in the employ of Messrs. Duffield and Co.; had charge of the engine-house; left the engine house about 10 minutes to 12 on Saturday night; left no fire or light there; the room is lighted with four lamps ; saw them all put out by the man in charge; there was not above 1 lb. of cotton waste left there, and about half a gallon of oil, which was kept in » drum with a tap to it; was not in the engine-room on Sunday j went there about 10 p.m. on Sunday after he had heard a cry of fire; saw a light in the engine-room and pushed open the window; there was not then much fire upon the floor; most of the fire seemed to be on the floor above the engine; the room above had been used as a lumber-room, and it had some wood in it; there was a door from it to the mill; thought the boards fell from the ceiling to the floor in a burning state and so kindled it; he knew of no way in which fire could get to the top floor, and could not in any way think of its probable origin; the lamps were below the bottom of the ceiling 3 feet 6 inches. By the Jury : Be lieved the fire originated in the lumber-room, and should think it had been burning some time before he saw it; burnt oil in the lamps; did not think the lumber could catch fire from a spark; there was no bearing running through the lumber-room, neither did anybody smoke there; it was possible for any one to enter the mill through the window, as there was no fastening to it. Henry Hards: Was a laborer in the em ploy of Messrs. Duffield and Co.; was in the habit of assisting in the engino-room at night work; was with Wheeler, the engineer, on Saturday night; they shut up about 12 o'clock, and he put the lamps out and spit on them; all the dirty waste they raked up and put on one side; everything was right when they left, for they looked around to see; did not again see the mill till the fire broke out; the lumber room was used by the stone-dressers to put old shafts in, &c.; did not see anybody about the mill on Saturday night but himself and Wheeler; it was the rule of the firm that there should be no smoking inside the building. William Malcolm : I am manager for Messrs. Duffield and Co.; I have charge of the mill, but Churchman keeps the keys; bis at tention was first called to the fire by hearing the alarm; old patterns were kept in the lumber-room, old cylinders, elevating buckets, <fee.; no one used that room particu larly ; the two engineers, Wheeler and Hards, were there on Saturday night; could not say where the fire first commenced; was last in the mill before the fire commenced about 6 o'clock on Saturday evening; should think it was the floor of the engine-room that first caught fire. — Churchman : Was a miller in the employ of Messrs. W. Duffield and Co., and kept the keys of the mill; locked up the doors on Satur day evening, and it was all right then ; did not know that any one was in the lumber room on Saturday; came down to the fire at 10 p.m. on Sunday eight. Thomas Allen: Was in the employ of Messrs. Duffield and Co., and was at the stables on Sun day evening about 6 o'clock; saw nothing un usual; no one about, nor any signs of fire, although he passed within a few yards of the engine-room. The jury returned the following verdict:— " That the fire first made its appearance in the engine-room; but there is no evidence before the jury as to how it originated. The jury also regret that there is not a fire- engine kept in the town of Gawler." The Express gives the following detail of in surances : —South Australian Insurance, £3000 ; Victorian Insurance Company (through South Australian Insurance), £2000; Royal, £3000; Cornwall, £1500 (on stock) ; Northern, £2000 (on machinery) ; and of this latter amount there is re-insured £500 in the Imperial, and £500 in a Melbourne office." Fbom our latest dates of Southern papers we make the following extracts: — Relief fob Suffebebs by the Flood.— Among the many liberal endeavors that have been making throughout Sydney and its neigh borhood, it is only an act of common justice to record the generous and unsparing labors of the ladies of St. Leonards. Invited by the com-. mittee of the Local Belief Society, these genuine Bisters of Charity have assembled during four long days last week, and again yesterday, in the School of Arts, bringing with them ma terials, sewing- machines, and all other appli ances, cutting-out and making dresses of all kinds and sizes. No less than fifty-five of these active semstresses were present yesterday, and it did the heart of man good to see them all silently and vigorously working for the common benefit of naked and houseless strangers. In addition to articles thus extemporaneously manufactured, numerous bundles of clothing for men, women, and children were sent »to the committee from those who did not other wise assist; so that, besides at least 250 gar ments made on the spot during the five days, nearly twenty bags, sacks, and packages (in- I eluding a large supply of hats and bonnets, bought and fitted up by one individual who wrought at home) have been sent off to Wind sor, Richmond, Penrith, and Maitland. We are truly thankful to be able to notice so noble an example of disinterested benevolence. — S. M. Herald. Emu Cbbsk.—The 8. M. HeratcC* corres pondent at Emu Creek sends that journal the following, per electric telegraph : —" Washing up not general during the past three weeks. The reefs still yield well. Fifty tons crushed from claim No. 1 south, Welcome Beef, yielded 132 ounces. New reefs are being found daily. This branch of mining trill assume a very large development when adequate machinery is available. The Seven-Mile rush had been at length reported payable. The prospectors, after sinking and driving 620 feet, struck pay able wash-dirt at 94 feet, prospecting about 15 dwts. to the load and one foot thick. The prospectors of the deep sinking at the Tygong are now down 90 feet with their second shaft, and calculate to go about 200 ere they bottom. From appearances in their first shaft they are very confident of success. An important cap ture has been cleverly made by the police of the parties who planted the robbery of Kelly's store at One-Mile Gully. It was one of a series planned to take place as opportunity offered. Karr, one of the two men now under committal for the robbery, turned approver, and his evi dence is corroborated in every particular by nu merous witnesses. Two armed men, superbly mounted, stuck up the public-house and nu merous travellers on the road from here to Young, on Wednesday and Thursday last. On Friday night they committed several robberies near Young. The Wbatheb nr Taskaxia. —The present season has been the most remarkable for several years in the memory of that universal and aged personage, " the oldest inhabitant." The autumn has been unprecedentedly fine, and what we have had of winter, as far as the weather is con cerned, has been no winter at all. Of wind and rain we have scarcely had any, although the moisture of the atmosphere, with occasional heavy dews and light showers, has kept the ground sufficiently soft to favor agricultural and gardening operations, so that our farmers and gardeners have been busily and hopefully at work. To such of our visitors from the other colonies as have remained with us, the fine weather must have been thoroughly enjoyable, and in the absence of any extremes either of heat or cold, it cannot but prove highly conducive |to health. Indeed, our medical friends are complaining of the dearth of sickness and may be inclined to think, as Sir Valentine Fleming thought with respect to litigation, when he said the other day —in the Supreme Court —that an action in tro ver would be quite refreshing, that a good sweeping epidemic would be a decided God send. Tuesday night was fine and clear, the full moon shining unobscured in a cloudless sky, while the air was rather sharp and bracing; a heavy dew fell during the night, keeping the ground moist and workable. Some of our meteorological prophets expect some severe weather as a set-off to all this, and next month may probably be boisterous. However, let us be thankful for the blessings we receive, and leave the future to itself.— Eobart Toton Mer cury. A Reform Move* but.—A number of work ing men and their friends met at Hobart Town on Tuesday night, and formed themselves into a " Reform Association." It was resolved that they should memorialise the mayor to convene a public meeting, with the view of adopting a petition to Parliament, praying it to amend the Electoral Act, so as to allow householders pay ing £6 instead of £10, to vote at the election of members for the House of Assembly, and to allow householders paying £30 a year instead of £50, to vote at the election of members for the Legislative Council. The Raut ur the Fas Nobth.—The fol lowing are extracts from a letter dated Mud Hut, Wffloehra, Wednesday, June 10:—"We arrived here at 3 o'clock this afternoon, after a horrible journey from Saltia. After sendingyou my telegram yesterday, we started from Port Augusta, and got nearly bogged several times before reaching Saltia, at Sundown. You can have no idea of the state of the country since the late rains. On reaching the Willoehra with our jaded horses, we found a roaring torrent facing us, and Bagless' Mud Hut Hotel on the other side. Drove down to the water's edge, and the next second would have found us in the stream, when the mail-driver shouted to us from the other side that we would be drowned if we attempted to cross; and so we would to a certainty, for the water was from eight to ten feet deep, and rushing like a mighty torrent. We lost no time in retracing our steps to the Messrs. Bagless' sheep station where we put up for the night, and are being hospitably entertained. I do not know when we can get away from this. Everything depends upon the creek falling, of which there is no prospect just now. The mail from the North is detained at the public-house, and they talk of making a* raft to-morrow to ferry it across The whole country is under water. I never saw the like of it, and I fear a good many sheep have been drowned." Subjoined is the mail-guard's report upon the way-bill, kindly placed at our disposal by the Postmaster- General:—" Stayed at Eanyaka 24 hours; creek flooded. Had to stay at Willoehra 24 hours ; creek 30 feet deep. At Pichirichie Creek got into quickstand; lost the coach; had to cut horses away, and let them get out the best way they could. Walked on to Mount Browne; carried the mails. Got a spring cart, aud arrived at Melrose at hall-past II p.m. Fed horsns, and started again at half past 2 a.m. Beached Kooringa at 4 p.m., and left at 5 o'clock, arriving at Kapunda at 6 a.m." CAPTURE 07 THE BUSHRANGER PADBT WAK DONG.—On Wednesday, 19th ultimo, this dis perado, who so long baffled all efforts to arrest him, was captured at the Calfpen Station, Marthaguy Creek. On Tuesday, Mr. E. Flood, J.P., of Bereda, heard that Paddy Wandong was in the vicinity, and ha ring a suspicion that he was harbored by the man in charge at the Calfpen, went there, and after making inquiries, threatened to drive the hutkeeper from the station if he did not give information to him when the bushranger arrived there. On the following (Wednesday) night Mr. Flood thought it probable that Wandong would go to the hut for his swag, which had been left there; and accordingly, in company with Mr. M'lntosh and Mr. Peter Botton, surveyor, he rode over, and inquired if any strangers were inside. No answer was returned for a few minutes ; but at length a reply in the affirmative was given. Knowing who the " stranger" was, Mr. Flood immediately called upon the half- caste to surrender; and the door being opened, the summons was answered by Paddy get ting out of bed and giving himself up. He was at onoe conveyed to Bereda, and kept there guarded, and a messenger sent to Dubbo for Mr. Inspector Norton, who arrived with Constable Pnrkiss on Friday night. Paddy was at onoe formally arrested, and on Sunday evening brought into Dubbo and lodged in gaol. On Monday he was brought up at the Police Court, and charged with robbing at Ulanloga, on the 21st December, 1866, Mr. and Mrs. Goodall. He was remanded for a week. [It will be re membered that Kelley, who was Wandong's accomplice in the crime, was tried at the March sittings of the Wellington Quarter Sessions, and sentenced to fourteen years' imprisonment.] On the bushranger's person were found sereral forged cheques, purporting to be drawn by Mr. A. M'Greggor, of Merrigal, and Mr. Charles Friend, of the Marthaguy Creek. The person who wrote them is evidently an uneducated person, with but a limited knowledge of ortho graphy and arithmetic, for he has spelt Mr. Friend's Christian name in two or three dif ferent ways—riz., "Challis and Charlys."— Dubbo Dispatch. Ths Bxbtbahd Cask.—Marbiagb of Mbs. Kutdkb.—The Wellington Independent of June 25, contains the following paragraph:—"A Happy Man.—When that notorious but very pretty young lady Miss Madeline Smith had been acquitted on the charge of poisoning her lover she reoeived some excellent offers of mar riage, and such a thing does not appear to be uncommon in the case of other ladies who have achieved a certain kind of reputation. An in stance of this is afforded in the recent marriage of Mrs. Maria Ellen Kinder to a Mr. Stanley Williams, at Greymouth. Mrs. Kinder, it will be remembered, was the heroine of the Sydney tragedy, in which her husband is supposed to hare been killed by her lorer, Bertrand. Mr. Stanley Williams is a bold and highly farored man." Another Sib Boots.—The Southland News tells us a queer story to the following effect :— " Two or three days ago a respectable looking person of quiet manners walked into our office, and requested to be shown a copy of the News of the 11th instant. The file was of course handed to the visitor, who with infinite gravity pointed out an extract paragraph from the Hampshire Advertiser (respecting the Tiohbone romance) and with a look evidently intended to be at once mysterious and solemnly impressive said,— placing the point of his index finger under the words • Sir Boger Tichborne,' I am that person. Naturally we felt a gentle surprise at the an nouncement of a duplicate baronet. The new Sir Boger further informed us that he intended to take passage to England immediately, and after some .few commonplace remarks he left without having introduced the subject of a loan." It seems, however, that the baronet, who turns out however to be a shoemaker with the very plebian name of Thomas Whealn, made some purchases and paid them in cheque signed B. C. Tichborne, for doing which he has come to grief, and is now in custody of the police at Inrenargill. It is supposed that the unfortunate baronet is " cracked." Per the Lady Young we hare files of the S. M. Herald to the 6th instant. Thb Chairman of Comcm-BES.—It will be seen by our parliamentary report that the Go vernment have not succeeded in putting Mr. Tighe in the chair of committees. Mr. Bobert son's amendment in favor of Mr. Garrett was carried. The divisions on this question are curious and suggestive. Had Mr. Tighe voted in the first division for adjournment, the matter would have stood over until to-day, when, it is said, his election would hare been certain. The Hon. the Premier announoed at the outset, that the Government did not intend to treat the question as one inrolving special Ministerial re sponsibility. Ths Postax Service.—ln the Legislative Assembly, yesterday, Mr. Parkes gave notice that on Wednesday, July 10, he would move, " That this House approves of the agreement entered into by the representatives of the Aus tralian colonies at the Postal Conference held at Melbourne, as embodied in eleven resolutions moved by Mr. Parkes, and adopted on the 12th March, and the memorial to Her Majesty, adopted on the 18th March. That the foregoing resolution be communicated by address to His Excellency the Governor." Where is Coluxbu ?—Yesterday erening, the Postmaster-General laid upon the table of the Legislative Council a despatch from the Secretary of State, notifying that Her Majesty had entered into a " Treaty of Commerce with the President of the United States of Columbia." This evidently raised a grare geographical ques tion in the minds of sereral of the members present, as could be readily seen by their coun tenances. Even the Postmaster-General ap peared to be aware that it was rather a tough point to decide. At length Sir William Man ning gave audible expression to what appeared to b« uppermost in everybody's mind, and asked this point blank question, "Where is Columbia?" Vague reminiscences associated with the patriotic air of " Hail, Columbia!" possibly suggested the idea that it might be some new appellation of the " United Stst s of America," par excellence ; but Captain Towns gave the matter quite another aspect by boldly expressing his belief that it might be probably the North American colony of "Columbia that the Secretary of State was writing about. The astute legal mind of Sir William demurred to this solution of the difficulty, not being able to see how, even in the present day, Her Majesty oould be reasonably expected to eater into a "treaty" with her subjects, however distant they might be from the seat of her Government. The Postmaster- General assured Sir William that "the United States of Columbia" oonsti- tated a nationality somewhere down in South America, and baring examined tb»-odespatch and its enclosures with considerable curiosity, Sir William appeared to be gradually convinced of that important fact. Strauoww nr thi Hofsb.—The following is the exordium of the speech in the course of delivery, yesterday, in the Legislative Assembly, when Mr. Windeyer directed the attention of Mr. Speaker to " Stranger* in the House " :— " Mr. Speaker, the hon. member for Central Cumberland has got so infatuated that he barks at any bite, and shows his nose at anything like a ghost. It is a most remarkable thing, Mr. Sgpaker, that the hon. member is not to be held. You can't get him at anything. What am Itodo ? I am a Government supporter because, forsooth, I ask you, knowing the state in which you have been sweated there, in that chair, and seeing the way they are going on with him ! I respect you. I will not see you murdered. But here he is; because, forsooth, I ask a question he turns round and says, I'm one of the Government rags; one of the Government tripe coves —bullock and lights, or anything else. He wants to make a mass of muck of my name. I do not care for the Government or him,. lam such a sort of in fatuated fool that I don't care for myself or anybody else. In this question I was not ad vised nor was I requested by the Government to take the question of the vacant House or the want of members, but when I see a man like that is, that wants to have bis eye teeth drawn out, or cut out, or something else, and put into a state of being civilised, or some thing of this kind, why, any hon. member as feels his dignity hurt by the way in which this man is running down, goring and running in— fine thorough bred fellows —we are obliged to put him out —obliged to do it, and I think I am doing my duty in just stopping his gab. The hon. member who moved the motion: there is no member in this house, Mr. Speaker, so fond, I believe, of himself, as he is. He knows it; and I accuse him although he is the Govern ment outside man. But still what does he want to do with the Governor? Leave him alone. Leave Sir John alone. Why, bless my soul! He's got a card or somebody else has to a feed. Anybody that '11 give a feed, leave him alone — that's what I say. But these people who used to be, John knows where, —(its very well for him to gammon to be asleep) they never used to give a feed. You know that, Mr. Speaker, as well as I do." The reporters and other " strangers " were here ordered to withdraw, and, the Noachian operation having been per formed, in regard to the hon. member's oratory, his style of speaking was called in question, whereupon it is said that the remonstrant was threatened with the vigorous application of a big stick. The Adelaide correspondent of the S. M. Herald sends that journal the following outline of the vice-regal speech at the opening of Parliament: —" The last session of the fourth South Australian Parliament was opened to day (Friday) by the Governor. The Speech, after referring to the proceedings against Judge .Boothy, promises to introduce a comprehensive measure for affording sufficient relief and en couragement to the pastoral tenants of the Crown; then refers to the unfair treatment of this colony by its neighbors in reference to the Mmrray duties question, and expresses a hope that satisfactory arrangements will be made; it promises fresh laws and regulations respecting leasing mineral lands ; it announces the intro duction of bills for a railway from Forrester's northwards, with branches eastward to Bedruth, and westward towards Clare, and the new line from Laoepede Bay to the boundary, with branches to Narreoote, and thence, via Penola, to Mount Gambier and Port Macdonnell. Capitalist* are to be invited to construct the line of railway from Port Augusta and Port Patorson to a point at least 200 miles north ward, on grant of interest by Government for a term of years." The Melbourne correspondent of the S. M. Herald says :—" The three children lost in the bush at Daylesford have not yet been found. A public meeting was convened by the Mayor, and the result was that the shops were all closed and 700 of the inhabitants turned out, under experienced bushmen, and scoured the country for miles, but their search is as yet vain—they have not given up." The Bathurst correspondent of the Herald sends the following telegrams :—" A shocking accident, caused by the misbehaviour of a drunken scoundrel, occurred on the river last Thursday night. It was 6 o'clock and dark, when the boat built by Cobb and Co. was en gaged in conveying the mails and parcels brought by the coach across the river. There were a number of people waiting to be ferried over from the Kelso side; and, against the wish of the person in oharge of the boat, seven or sight of these jumped in, and amongt them a drunken ruffian who, seeing a female in the boat, stood on the gunwale, and commenced rooking it from side to side, despite all entreaties. The boat was very deep in the water, the sides being not more than a few inches above its level. When the centre of the stream was reached, an extra lurch giren by the fel low turned the boat completely over, and the passengers were precipitated into the river. All were saved but two —Mr. Caples and Mrs. Croft—who were drowned, and though the river has been dragged all day, their bodies have not been recovered. There has been another life lost in the river to-day (Friday). John Heath, a saddler, went with a companion to the George- street Falls on horseback, and endea vored to cross the river; he got half way, and his horse grew restive and threw him; he landed on a sand-bank, up to his middle in water, but his horse continued struggling, and knooked him into a deep channel, where he was seized by the current and carried away. He swam well for about fifty yards, and then disappeared. His body has not been found— nor have those of the two persons drowned on Wednesday night." Captain Oadill's Expiditiox.—We take the following from the South Australia* Chronicle of June 22:—"The following are extracts from letters written by a member of Captain Cadell's party, dated Brisbane, April 10,1867:—• The vessel (Eagle steamer) is lying down the river fifteen miles, as 'Cadell is frightened of his men getting on the spree or running away. Cadell is not the man to have idlers about. I hare a small opinion of the expedition, as I do not see how a small party like us are to go into a hostile oountry and go the distance he talks of. He has only three stockmen, a surveyor, and a doctor. Altogether about seven men will comprise the land party. Cadell knocked the sailing- master kicking off the bridge coming down Sydney Harbor, discharged the steward, and seems a Tartar generally. The Bagle is a slow boat, with bad engines that stop at pleasure; she is fearfully lumbered, and to go aft you have to get through the hones, over the bridge, and a pile of hay bales at the imminent danger of falling overboard. She leaks badly, and we had to pump her in a hurry at New castle. The crew are dissatisfied, and would all leare if they could." We also have the follow ing extract of a letter written at Cleveland Bay, and dated May, 1867 :—" I fear the Eagle ex pedition will be a failure. All the crew and officers were sick of it before she left Cleveland Bay. Cadell lost his sailing master, steward, and two of the hands. He did not fill their places. The carpenter and cook were both taken to sea against their will, and wanted to go to gaol instead. We hare only three bush men in the expedition, and one is a boy."—We do not know the name of the writer of these extracts, and give them for what they are worth, without attaching much weight to them. Ths Attckxakd Executive.—A Natire Chief Appointed.—The Provincial Oaxette con tains the notice of the appointment of three new members of the Executire, John Anderson Gilfillan, Esq., William Bowe, Esq., and Paora Tuhaere, Chief of the Ngatiwhatua. In alluding to the latter appointment, we give the present Superintendent credit for havingpractically taken the best possible method for proving to the Maoris the sincerity of the desire on the part of the colonists of this province to live on peaos ful terms with them, and to admit them to a share of the government of the province. We are glad also to know that the Maoris them selves appreciate the intention of His Honor. Paoro Tuhaere, or, as he is bettor known, per haps, to our readers as Paul, of Orakei, has been frequently requested by the General Go* vernment to act under them, but he had per sistently refused, saying that he had ho faith in the intentions of the General Government to- c wards his race. On the present occasion, how ever, he willingly accepted the office of aiding with his advice and conferring with the Superin tendent and Executive Council in affairs re lating to the native people in the province of Auckland. Another noticeable feature appears in the gazettes lately issued, and that is, that in all matters interesting to the natives, the same have been printed in Maori as well as in English.—.y.Z. Herald. An interesting item of local industrial pro gress is reported by the Bendigo Independent: —" Messrs. Gouge and Sibley forwarded, on Thursday, to Melbourne, by rail, upwards of eight tons of sole leather, prepared at their tan nery, intended for transmission to Europe. This speaks well for the enterprise of the firm, and also for our district, which can supply an article of the description that will find a market in the old country." Not so Dbunk.—A few evenings ago, when our streets were submerged by the late heavy rains, two miners, who had quarrelled over their cups, essayed to " fight it out" in the open space between the Camp Hotel and George street, Grenfell. They were duly waited on by two friends, one holding a bottle, and the other a lighted lamp. A few rounds had been regu larly fought amidst the downpour of rain, and both the belligerents had measured their respec tive sizes in the gutter, when one exclaimed — " I say, Fred, I can't make out this game— you're so slimy I can't hold on to you." " Nor me, Joe," responded the other, "my eyes are so full of muck that I can't see where to hit you; suppose we put it off till morning ?" This suggestion, so reasonable under the cir cumstances, was at once accepted, and the friends took them from the scene of action without further clamor.— Lachlan Reporter. Amongst the passengers brought by the Qharles Edward to Port Albert, the other day, were five aboriginal females from Western Australia, in the charge of the Rev. Mr. Hage naner, named respectively Ada, Norah, Rhoda, Emily (a halfe-casto), and Elizabeth. The Gippt Land Time* furnishes some very interesting particulars respecting the party —" Two of the natives are proceeding to the mission station, 1 Rumahyourk' (our home), to be married to Christian aboriginals of the Tarra tribe. One of the bridegrooms select, whose name is James Matthews, was found by Mr. Hagenauer, about six years ago, in Dr. Hedley's paddock, on the Tarra, in nearly a naked condition, and almost wild. He is better known in Port Albert, whither he used often to wander for the purpose of begging, as James Fitcher. He subsequently joined the station, and is now a respectable, industrious man, working steadily and perseveringly at agricultural pursuits. He received the rite of baptism from the Rev. A. G. Campbell, of Gee long, at the opening of the aboriginal church, Lake Wellington. By his influence all the males of the Tarra tribe have been induced to go up to the mission station. Mr. Hagenauer having found great difficmlty in finding suitable help mates for the men—as by the native custom it was necessary to fight for a wife —hit on the happy expedient of exchanging portraits with the Christian natives of Western Australia, which has resulted in the contemplated marriage of two of that tribe to two of the Tarra tribe. One of the party, Betsy, or Elizabeth Flower, is an accomplished and highly educated lady. She was adopted by the Government resident of Sling George's Sound, and with his family has made a tour of the colonies. At Albany, she not only passed a oreditable examination in the Government school, but acted as organist in the English church in that town. She is now going to take her post as governess at the mission station." A Nsw Put.—Having destroyed the dingo, we are now troubled with the formidable eagle hawks on the Lower -Edward, which go about in swarms, destroying the young lambs. Im mediately they see the ewe lie down to lamb they watch for the latter and destroy it im mediately. Mr. Gwynne keeps men to shoot or otherwise kill the new offenders. — Pattoral Time*. The New Zealand Gazette of June 15 •tates that, in order to enable the different soils in New Zealand to be chemically analysed and the results published, it is requested that samples of sou may be forwarded to Dr. Hector at the Colonial Museum, Wellington. As the subject is one of considerable importance to farmers and others in this province, the in structions given in the Gazette are published in full:—" Attention is requested to the following instructions by persons contributing samples of soils to the Colonial Museum for the purpose of being chemically analysed: The quantity trans mitted should not be less than six pounds weight of surface soil; two pounds weight of subsoil. The surface soil should be selected free from roots and undeeomposed vegetable matter, and of uniform quality, gathered in several equal portions from different parts of the field, and from two inches below the sur face. The sub-soil should be taken in the same manner from a depth of twelve inches. Small specimens of iron-pan, sole, or other concre tionary bands that may occur in the soil should be forwarded in a separate parcel- Each sample of soil should be carefully secured in a calico bag, distinctly marked " surface soil" or " sab-soil," and also with the name of the con tributor and a number, the same number being used for corresponding samples of surface and sub-soils. A copy of the enclosed form, distin guished by this number, must be filled up with the required particulars, and transmitted along with the specimen it refers to. Parcels and let tors are to be addressed—' On Public Service only.—Specimens for Analysis. —Dr. Hector, Colonial Museum, Wellington.' N.B. Under no circumstances will an analysis be made of a specimen unless the necessary information is supplied, and properly authenticated by the signature of the contributor." The following form is to be filled up and trans mitted to the Laboratory of the Colo nial Museum along with specimens of soil for chemical aaalysis:—" 1. Name of contributor. 2. Number or marks on the specimen or specimens referred to in this form. 3\. If the sample is from uncultivated land, state the nature of the vegetation, whether ever or frequently burnt, whether stocked, and for how long and to what extent. 4. If cultivated, state for what period, the succession of crops, and nature of present or hut crop; also the na ture of the original vegetation in the natural state. 5. State average depth of soil and sub soil, and the nature of the formation on which they rest, whether sand, gravel, clay, limestone, or rock, and whether porous or bound. 6. General remarks as to the nature of the country, whether alluvial plains, low undulating hills, or steep broken hill surface, and any other points that occur to the contributor. Date at which specimens were collected. Date at which they they were forwarded to Museum. How trans mitted. Signature of contributor." 