BRISBANE. — frnoH oua ooanESTONDENT.) M In lha mWit el death wo art In lift.-' This Intended transposition of a well-known line was lately to be observed at the beodof the edvor- tisoment of a quack; who, afterwards, informs hiB readers that, no matter what diseases thoy might bo Buffering from, he had a pill that would assuredly oure fhom of all thoir ailments, rosouo them from the jaws of the Inexorable, and Booure to them an almost porpetual vitality. We want not this pill in Queensland ; for, from the "conca tenation of ciroumstancoe" that are passingaround ua, wo bavo surely a nostrum that would " oreato a aoul" (and an unroarlousiv-ioouiar one too) under the very " riba of death." You reoolleol in tbe archievea of English history, there ie a record of a certain monarch, who, with hie Prime Minister, hod so little wherewithal to amuse them- seivos, that the resorted to a novel diversion In order to wile awny theirtimo— which pastime consisted in pitting two fleas together in a race or jump, over a tea tray I In Brisbane we hove our littlo dignities— sans tho Premier— (also at a loss, one would think, for amusement)—' "playing at Parliament,— juet as we were wont, In early lire, "to play at soldiers" or the liko. Not satisfied with viewing the disruption and dissolutlonof the groat Goorgc-atreet Senate that met to save tho oountry some two years ago, a bevy of auporcro- gants, likewise alarmed for poor Queensland, have surroptlliouBly availed themselves of tlio key of tho Legislative Chambers, and, sitting ia the orapty rooms, liko ghosts in council, liava con- ooctod and issued forth to tho outer world tho most extraordinary dooument that ever mortal oyes jrazod on» Yo8| a dozen or so of KDights of tho Rueful Couiitenanco," headed by tlioir j Mater Dolorosa— Maokcnzlo, have put forth a dooument — that . oxtendB, I think, otor two columns of tho " daUioB"— all about tho " unoon- Btitutional prooeedlnga" of Mao the Mighty in bringing tho prorogation mossago of his Excolloncy in hla pocket, in order to Bond homo those frac- tioiis boys, -who, with thoir maternal hood (as montionod above) wore doing suoh grievous despite to the wholo of tho colony. Briabano is hilarious at the unooremouious dlBmissal of auch Jiino6rrlgiblc8,'_homo and; however the boys themsolvos may disliko it, tho colonists at largo —after Ihe elections— will, it Is thoroughly null- oiprttsd, bo likowiso glad, and care Httlo for tho "" grave alarm" expressed in thatdolorous docUi. ment regarding nuy infraciion of'that which tho colony has long been sickened with— namely, Constitutional Practice. _ I repeat, that it will be a glod day for tho colony that such a repulsive eet of senutora were sont on their business. And so far from joining -in the rebuke of. tho OhttriVr-:-with..regard_to the. waot of dignity on tbo part-of Mr. Macaiister, in his answer to that precious document, I, with' hundreds of others in the colony whom thoso memorialists havo taken it upon themselves to represent, feel gratified at tho vory proper vay in -wnich-o-most-impertincnt-" Slate- Paper— wos- onswercd. But pcoplo do not feel seriously in jured ;„they only chuckle audibly at tho idea of a handful of aspirants— -many of whom, as Mr. Macaiister coolly told them, would novor again sit in that Assembly — meeting to do such entirely uncalled for and Quixotic business. Tbe election.excHcmont hero Is at fover heat. Great earnestness is observable on all aides. People bavo not timo to indulge tbe mere desire of roslico that actuates these mon.. Tbey care not for forms or ceremonies— evon with tbe word "Imperial" attached to them. AH -that they -WAOlJSjhflt.a_beoutjfui_coIony_8hoiddJbeJifte.dj!s_ soon as may bo from tho degradation and misery into which it has been plunged by the vory con- coctors of tbe manifesto alluded to. It is wuuderful to see the many aspirants for legislative honors who have como forward to re present—especially North Brisbane. "I think Tthere:be.Bix.Rlohmonds-in tho field I". . . Somo — as . Mr. J. Fitzorthur. Bmytbo Smith— are more angling- sticks, and exhilirators of the nerves of poor, jaded reporters; others are really oamcst, and some of tbem good men. But it Is npon one question alono tbey are catechised oo, on their appearance before the electors— and-tbat is "-The Land 1" All soem perfectly impressed with tbe imperative necessity of supporting, alone those men who state plainly and without 'hesitation their intention of supporting tbo Macaiister Ministry — which, as stated in my last, is felt to be (with ono exception) the only Ministry for tbe colony at the present juncture.. That exception, I will, state at onco, is tbe intention-of the Government (as put forth by Mr. Bell, in his address) to grant "fourteen years' leases" to tbe sqnatters, in what are called "the unsettled districts." A feeling - not of re pugnance only, bnt of opon rebellion to the pro- secution-of-snch-a-monstrons. .proposal-is— rife, amongst all classes of people, savo tbe squatters "themsolvesPPersonally.'asT rfo-give myself mind: and soul to reflecting deeply npon what I think to be (o the benefit of a colony I love, and in which I have lived not a few years, I may be suf fered to say/ that to permit of snch leases is simply to bring upon.our heads the ominous evils that are already appearing in New Sooth Wales, through promises that have been' made to tbe squatters of Riverina of extended leases — namely, -thefencing-ia-by-the-money-oLtbo8e.baiikB,-and- tbemselvcs) enormous squattnges of from thirty to fifty miles in extent, which, onco circum scribed, are at length sought to be monopolised —despite all tbo presumed eagerness of Mr. ParkeB as Premier to prevent such rapacity. De pend upon it such leases would prove an' tinmiff- gated curse to the colony — if only by perpetuating the pernicious squatting majority already in the Honse. -Vby should squatterdom be thuB petted "Bnd"encouragedtThePremler-himBelf- os-good- as says it has been the bane of tbe colonteB. In Victoria it is crumbling into the desuetude it de serves. Why, In Queensland, should induce ments still be held out to a perfectly indolent, inoperative; and (as far as the colony is con cerned) unproductive class? An article in the Courier entitled 41 Combination of Farmiog and Grazing " sbonld be read by all in tho colony— ... . .P ?_M- J fi _!tt i » « aiimsiere especially — auu aureiy ii> wm sceD, if_thejwriter_qf_that .Article (Mr. M'Kenny, Secretary of the " Light Farmers Club In South Australia "J'could become a " sulnunUal yeouiau on (MO acres, every squatter could,, by using the same meanB, even still wears.paten&Boots; and -white hat oo (eay) two aquare miles— double that area! . . — ; — BntpnwflHkct-is— that— they prefer— even at the cx|Vibo people (thou sands of whom mightHn tbe area where one squats) to sink an indolent occu- pation— or supervision— that requires only tbe services of a fow poor desolate scurvy-stricken .shepherds, _ rather _than_the honest bond fide tillers of the soil. Of course so long as induce ments are offered to such a class, snch a class there will be. With regard to the ad nauseam .cry respecting tbo " introduction and employment of capital " and tbo like, no sensible men can be Cajoled . by it, seeing that whatever capital has hitherto been employed on the largo squattages of th|s colony has not (as continually reUerated) been fir the behoof of the colony but merely for the benefit of said bunks,— the estuaries of which, out here are, to us, dry creeks. To show the strange (though universal) aenti- ment'tbat pervades— nay, seems to be a portion of the mind of that indigenous Incubus— -Squat terdom, I cannot do bettor than give an- extract from tne " Adaross.to_inq_eiecrere vi j districtM_ of a -Mr. Graham Mylno (whoevorho mav' be), teeming as it dobs with tho idiosyn- craaiea of the class. He says s— " I am of the decided opinion that whatever a man has, should be hla owtrrthat is to snch an extent-thatrlf-not- actnnl'y froahdld'ho'should'Eavo suclf a guwan- tee7romtheCrownastotenure_eitherofan agricultural or pastoral property, as to induce banks or capitalists to give liberal advances on said properties, to enable the owoers to make ex tensive Improvements. At present we are in such 'an utterly helpless Btate from the despotic powers with which tbe Ministry of. the colony are invested, that it is with the greatest difficulty money can bo borrowed at any price, on any pro perty of what class soever held undor the Grown." Thus this gentloman ls ardently de- siring what all thinking men know to be the very cancer of the colony— the borrowing fi0 (anfo to mako "extensive improvements' (by the Blnking of a well or bo) on immense hold ings that, npon the principle enunciated shore by Mr. Mylne — " that whatever a men has should be bis own " — wilt eesuredly be sought to bo in- dividutily swellowed-up,-and,-by-the assistance. of those beloved- banks (which will, for the nonce, support them in the House) monopolised by thomsetvos and thoir helra for ever. I sek any fofloctlve man whether, as an undoubted exponent of the views of hiaclaes, s man liko this should, ever be returned to an Assembly that is sup- posed to legislate for all alike. Unhappily we have, even now, only a hybrid GoverumoDt ; — tho Preinierl'haB not an untrammelled "Coali tion," though the test that the unfortunate colony can at present hepo for. It ie for tho people at largo— while belogcsroful not to oust -tho present pledged Ministry— to do all their en deavors to ctroumveot and shorten the reign of a greedy, despotio, and deliborateiy-obstructivo squatterdom. 