PRESENTATION TO THE REV. 0. A. REYNOLDS, C.C. The Catholics of Kadina, "Wallaroo Bay, and Moonta, presented the Bev. C. A. Reynolds, who has had the charge of these congregations, with a handsome testimonial, as a mark of their affectionate regard for him. The testimonial consisted of a richly electro-plated tea and coffee service, and a silver goblet. A large number of the Catholics waited on Father Reynolds, and deputed] Capt. Cudlip to present the testa monial, together with the following address:— "To the Rev. 0. A. Reynolds, C.C. " Rev. and dear Father—It is with feelings of the deepest regret we learn that the tie which has existed between us as pastor and congre gation, is now about to be severed. For the last 20 months you have visited us periodically, during which time you have labored unceasingly for the glory of God and our spiritual advance ment. To your zeal and energy we are in a great measure indebted for the erection of our Church of the Most Sacred Heart of Jesus, which will ever serve to keep you in our memo ries when you are laboring in other portions of the Lord's vineyard. We cannot, however, let you depart from us without assuring you of the love and affection we feel, and shall ever bear towards you as pastor; and in so doing, beg you to accept these small marks of our respect and esteem, and we sincerely pray that you may be long spared to use tliem. We must again express how deeply we regret that circumstances will not permit you to visit us as heretofore, and at the same time request you to remember us in your prayers, and give us your blessing. Adieu, reverend and dear father, adieu!" Father Reynolds replied as follows:— "My dear friends—Ijthank you most sincerely for your affectionate expressions of regard, and beg to assure you that these mementos shall be preserved by me to my latest breath, and they shall Pserve to recall to my mind that kind and affectionate feeling which has caused their pre sentation. It is true I have labored much to complete our beautiful church, but, my dear friends, you must give me credit for all this, though it was to me a labor of love; yet what could I have done, if I had not your generous and hearty co-operation? But while we con gratulate ourselves on the completion of our beautiful church, I beg you to remember the high and holy purpose for which it has been erected—that you will fulfil the promises you made herein, that you will illustrate in your lives that which you profess. As to your request, I beg to renew the promise made to you before, that as often as I shall offer the Holy Sacrifice, I shall not fail to implore the Sacred Heart of our dear Lord to pour forth .every grace and blessing upon you and your children. And now, my dear friends, I bid you farewell; and, at your request, pray that the blessing of Almighty God, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, may descend upon you, and, remain with you for ever." 