A Goon STonr.--Mr. Charles Dicklons presided at the annual dinner of the Rail wray Benevolent Institution, hold in London on \VWednesday night. In making an appeal on behalf of the institution, M[r. DI)ickons told an amusing story. ITe said :-I desilre to a-k the public whether the servants of the great ra'lways, who, in fact, are their servants their rendy, zoalous, hard-working servants -whletlher they have not established, whether they do not every day establish, a reasonableo claim to liberal remembrance? On this point of the casoe, gentlemon, there is a story once told me by a frinid of mine, which sooms to my mrind to have a eoertain application. My friend was an American sona captainl, and therofore it is quite unnoc cossary to say his story was quito truO (laughteor.) Ho was captain aind partowneor of a large Amnerican liner. On a certain voyage out, in osxquiiito summer woatlher, Iho had for a cabin passenger one beautiful young lady, and ton more or loss boeautifil young gentlemen. Light winds or dead calms provailing, the voyago was slow. They had made half their distance wlhen.the ten young gontlomon wore all madly in love withl the youngilady. They lhad all propdsod to her, and bloodshied amongst tihe rivals soomed imminbnt, pending the young lady's decision (laughter.) In this extremity tihe boautifnl young lady confided in myfriond the captain, who gave liher discreet advice. He said, "if your affections are disengaged tuake that one of tl young goantlemon whom you lilkeo tihe best, and settle tihe question" (laughtor.) To this thle boeautiful young lady made redply-"I cannot do that, because I lilk tlhm all equally swell" (laugh ter.) My friend, who sas a nman of resource, hit upon this ingonious oexpedioht. Said he, "to-morrosy at mid-day, whln lunch is announced, do you plingo bodily overboard head foremost. I gill be calongside in a boat to rescue you, and talke the one of tilme ton Wilho rushes to your. resene, and thon you can afterwards have himn." Tho beautiful young lady highly approved, and did accordinigly~; but after she plunged in nine of. thea ton more or less beaonutiful young gentlemen plunged in after hler-(lanughter).-and the tentlh ro mained and shod toars-(lanugh'tr)-loolicg. over the side. of the vessel. ;They wore all picked up and restored, dripping, to the deckl (laughtor.) The beautiful young lady, on seaoeing tlhem, said-" what .nm I to do.? soe what a sight tlhey are in. How can I possi bly choose, because every one of tlhem is equally weot?" (laughter.) "Then," said my friend tlhe captain, acting upon:a sudden inspiration, "take the dry one" (loud and continuod laughter.) I am sorry to s.y that she did so, and they lived happy over after wards (cheers.) SoLIERns hn SERVANT GCfrnaS.--A curi OUS esoe was heaonrd last weook at tho Mary lobono county court. »Thlo plaintiff, a domestic servant, sued defondnnt for the sum of £5, which she had lent him two or throe years ago, while he was a private in tlhe 2nd Life Guards at Knightsbridgo. She had accidentally become acquainted with him, and as he represented himself to be only a poor private, and hard up, sheli acted very generously towards him. They frequented music-halls and other places of amusement, she paying the whole expenses. Meeting him in tlhe park one day, slheo asked for the £,5, and lie said lie would pay her as soon as lie could, but afterwards lie denied having had any loan from lier at all. She had no written acknowledgment of the debt, and no one was present whou slie lent tile money. She afterwards heard that hlie had £100 in the bank at the very time when she lent the money..--In answer to the judge as to whether he was not ashamed of himself to live upon the hard-earned wages of a domestic servant, defendant said the other Lifo Guardsmen did it. "When servants walked out with soldiers they know they had to pay. On one occasion plaintiff asked him to bring another soldier, to moot lier and a fellow-servant at IIyde Park-corner, in order to go down together to Hampton races. eIo and a corporal went down witl the two girls in a drag to the races. Noi ther hlie nor the corporal paid the expenses. IIo supposed the girls made that all right. Plaintiff, he admitted, had treated him in the most generous manner, but ho denied receiving £5 as a loan.-The judge, in non suiting the plaintiff, on the ground that she had no direct corroborative evidence, said hie was glad the inhabitants of Knightbridge woere making an effort to remove the cavalry barracks from their noighbourhood on account of the intolerable demoralisation they caused. There was no doubt these soldiers inveigled servants to places of very questionable repute, and lived, in a manner, on their earnings. The deplorable result was dishonour and ruin to the girls. If plaintiff could got additional evidence heo would be glad to hear it. As for the defendant, lihe ought to be ashamed of him self.-The defendant slunk out of the court with a broad grin on his features, greatly to the disgust of those present. CHINESE Iusio.--Tlo following particu lars hlavo boon received from a gentleman in Hong Kong who is engaged in teaching a tonic sol-fia singing-class there. IIo says: " I believe this to be almnost the first attempt to teach the reading of music to this wonderful people. The Chineso them selves have no tunes and no idea of music. Their instruments can only produce two or three tones, and their singing is screechling in falsetto to no kind of tune. Tlhe conven tional terms of high and low are utterly unknown to them. VWhy, they ask, should a grave note be down and a shrill note be up ? Their voices are harsh to a painful degree, and their talent for flattening won derful. They must never be asked to go above D, and after ihalf-an-hour's singing lose all command of their voices. They also incline to bawl." But, notwithstanding all these hindrances, the experiment appears to be succeeding. The tonic sol-fa method seems adapted for the Chinese as well as the English. The writer continues:-"If the new tune set before them be an easy one it is positively sung the first time with out error; if a difficult one, two or three trials may be required. The class lhas now been formed into a choir for Union Church. Dr. Loggo, of the London Msissionary Society, has printed them some tunes in Chinese tonic sol-fa, and the result is that the service of song is improved and im proving." The only thing like a Chinese tune (as the word is understood by barbari ans) that we can recollect is thie Hymn in Honour of the Ancestors, cited by IIerr Engel in his work on ancient music. Some little, no doubt, may be done in thie crea tion of a now sense. Weo have again and again seen how some interest and power of appreciation and enjoyment lias beein en goendered in those who have lived in a musical atmosphere. lBut we cannot fancy a more hopeless set of scholars than the Celestials, and shall lbe curious to hoear what comes of the experiment. THE SLOw RISIt or TENNYSON.-Thl o first literary production of Alfred Tennyson appeared about firty years ago. It was printed and published at Louth, in Lincolnshire (Tennyson's native county), and was entitled Poems by Two Brothers. The "two brothers" wero Alfred and Olarleos Tennyson, though tlheir names did not appear on the title- pageo. Alfred was at that time inii the oighteenth year of his ago, and h1o ned his brother, with hecoming modesty, adopted as tlheir motto the following words from Martial: "A?co soe nodmus esso niil.'! .(Weo know this, to be nothing). The contouts .woro poor enough. Some of the titles suggest the old poetical commonplaces of young beginncrs:-Lines to Meomory, the Exilo's Harp, Remorse, Weo niseoot' no MIoro, To Faney, Midnighlt, Friondship, On Sublimity, Time, an Odo, &e.; Others have an odd tone of something formal and old- fashioned as, Lines to One iho Etitortained a Light Opition of an Eumiuont Cllharactor, On the Death of my Grandmother, On being asked for a Simile to illustrate the Advantage of keeopiig thto Passions subsorviont to Reason, Shiort Etulegium on Holoer, &e.; Others, again, betray that the brothers shared in the theon iprevalent excitement in favour of the Iollonos; foir we find poems called Grooco, and Elxhortatioii to, the Greeks. Byron seems to have thad a powerful influence ont theo minds of the youthful poets: ono of their pieces is cllled Ott tie th'e Doeath of Lord Byron, and lines fromi the author of Child inarold are fitequontly used as mottoes. The first conspicuous work· of Alfred Tennysonl was his Cambridge Prizo Poeom, .Timbuictoo (1829), whiclwnas very oulogis tically noticed 'in the Athenmum: of Jlily 22nd of that year, and lwhich was certainly distinguishod .by.somo noble passages. In 1830 appeared Poems, chiefly LJyrical, by Alfred Tonnyson. This was the volume which contained Marinna in the o0atbd Grange. It was well received upbn the whlole; tithe Westminster Reviow (in an article, it is thouglht, by MIr. Jolhn Stuanrt Mill) lhailing it as a worli of'groat promise.; Loigh IHunt, in thie Tattler, contrasting tlheo two brotliohers in a series of articles, and con eluding by giving the palm to Alfred; and Professor WVilson, in Blcekwood's Magazine, "mingling praise and blame," as Tonnysion afterwards told us in someno. ory stinging, verses. After the appearance of the volume. of 1833, Coloridgo said of Tennyson tlhat some of his poems showed "a great deal of beauty," but he added thlat heo had " begur to write versos witlout very well Uinderstand-' ing what metro is." And he proscribed to him to write for two or throee years "in none. but one 'or two well-lknown and stricily-definod metres, such as the h6roic, conplet, the octave strmiza, or. the octosyl labic meansure," as a corrective to the loose ness of his now metres, some of which Cole ridge said he could scarcely scan. Only the other day the population of Vienna crowded the Prator to witness a coursing without precedent in the hippie annals. Eight horses ran, each of them ridden by a lady belonging to high lifo. The stakes were a patrure of diamonds of groat value. The Countess S- won by half a nek. Empress Eigenie has written to the Princess of \Vales to try and peresuado hlor to come and live with her for a few months, insisting upon this fact--tlhat a comploto clhango of air might be beneficial to hlr health, and nassuring her that she will receive from her all the affectionate care of a sister. Mr. KIavanagh, tie member for Water ford county, who hlas neithler arms nor ligs, is serviig on a select committee, lwhich hold its first sitting on Thursday. It is a com mitteo on the Irish fisliories, moved for by Mr. Blake, and of whichl the latter honor able gentleman is chairman. Mr. IKavanagl?h woenrs a garment litke the skirt of a lady's riding-habit, hanging from his waist. A servant carried him on his back into the committee- room. When the committee broke up the servant came and stood in front of Mr. KIevanaghl's chair and the lhonrorable mnember sprantg on to his backe with the rapidity of lightning. The sight was altogether a very painful one. The growing crops in America give pro mise of an abandant yield. The prospects are said to be as favourable as any for the last ton years. A riddlelo above par is going about on the Ritualistic question. VWhy was Eve tie first Ritualist convert ? Because ote began by being Eve-angelical, and ended by taking to vestments. S?smnbo, giving an account of his sea voyage, says :-" All de unasengels was now hleavinig, and, as if dat wasn't enough, de captain gave orders for de ship to heave too." T'IIE NEW AUSTnTAN e EB iiECII-LOADER. The Austriian ccrrespodent of the Times gives thie following accoiunt of the new breech ladling rifle selectedtl by the Aiustrian govern nment. Thie arm is the invention of T1. Werndl, of Steyr. Of tihe better known systems, it most resembles the Peahilboly. It is remarkacle for its simplicity and solidity. It may be said to consist of fouil pieces-tbe stock of beecchwood, which reaclies nearly uti to thie mzzle of thie barrel; thet barnel andt backpiece of one piece of cast-steel; ths lock, consisting of a twedge, wilb a grioove over which tihe cartridge is slilpc-cd into thie brirel, and whliclh opecs and shuts between the barrel and the blackpiece; cand fctrclhy, the trigger. Thie manciplation of tihe gun is eany; thlerec cre four motions in loclding. After dlischarge, the thumb is pressed cagainst a flat knob pro jetiing on tiLe left side of the gin, and tihe lock thrown open. By thie same imotion the diechlcrged cartriidge is extrIctd by ai lev~er. Over a groove, which now allppears in tihe wedge, a cirt,'idge is slipcc-d into ticc barrel by a secondi motion. By a third motion the wedge is thrown back, and thie breech lockcd, and the gun is then cocked. The gten may isdso be cocked by aI first mltion immecdiately after dischccrge. It is possible to fic e twecty four rounds in a milIcute. At one thousand two hundred yalrd? a ibuIllet friom tic,, Werndl will pencetrate fou' iceCIsc of dceul-bocrd. " Our church clock," says the editor of a down east paiper, "keeps time so well, that we got a daiy out of overy week by it." Douglas Jerrold, at an evening itarty, was lootkinig at the dIIceors. Seeing iv very tall gentlematn cwaltzing witlh an extremoly short lccty, Ihe observed to a friend, "chumph!i tltere's tihe mile dancing withl the milo stones." A person who was recently called into court icr the purpose of proving tie correct iess of a doctor's bIill, was asked by the lawyer if" the doctor did not nmaklo several visits after thie patient was out of dcanger ?" " No," replied the witncess, "I considered tihe patient in dancger as long as the doctor continued his visits." Kiansas was once asked whamt answer heo should make if tIhe Governor's people do mandeld hIis arma. " T wonld proposo a c 'snromiseo mnlsuro," ho saidL; " keep the rifle, and give them the contoents." . Why is a waiter liko a'raicO-horio? Be censo e riuns for plates and cups. What sort of cooketry does a lady profor? Drossing her hair (haro). A Doy's IDEA OF o U IrNCOG A TOOT'I. "The doctor hitched on to me, pulled his best, and just before he killed me the tooth came out." Sentimental arithmotio onalolates thus: 2 glances--mako one look; 2 looks-make one sigh; 4 sigl--makro one walltz; 3 waltzes -makeo one palpitato; 2 palpitations make one call ; 2 calls-mako one attention; 2 attontions-makeo onefool(sometimes two); 2- fools--make one flirtation; 1 flirtation plus 2 bouquots equal to one engagement, equal to one marriage. SrpIIoENTc c RASONt.-1rs rs. Partington s;ays sihe did not marry her second lhusband because she loved the malo sex, but just bo canusoe hlie was the size of her first protoector and could wear his old clotlheos out. A lady mooting a girl who had lately loft her servico, inquired, "woll, Mary, whoro do you live nrow?" "Pleas0, ma'am, I don't live nowhere now," rejoined the girl, "I'm married." A N?woastlo timboer-moroelant sat in lis' counting-hodiso bomoaning thie bad times, and the discontinuance of those large colliery rordos? which, it days of prosperity, wore wvont to flow ii upon hlim in stohl grateful profusion, whonlhis gloomy cogitations were interruptod by the entrance of a dingy cue temorn, evildently from the collieries. The stranger brislly demanded if theomerchant liad any planotroo in stook at present? " Planotrso, sir?" replied the merchant, rubbing his itching palms together, and stop ping forward with abland smile on his aceo, "'as good a stock its tony on tli Tyne, sir, I assure you. Do' you. want it in the log.or plank,lmy dear sir ? W?o have abundance of bothli." "I am not partiotilai'" replied the pitman; "itis not mnuolo I want-it's ohlly for a fiddle-bridge." 'Tot T'ivo RoAns.-"Drar r," said a sable orator, addrossing'lhis brothren, " two.roads tro dis worldl. Do one am a broad and ntirios road dat leads to perdition, and do, odor am a narrow and broad road dat loads to suredestruction." "If dat am do ease," said a sable heoarer, "dis cullored individ ual takels to do wood." Tuns Two GIrosTs.--Sir Walter Scott used to tell with mucl zesot a story of a man who tried to frighton his friend by on countoring him at midnight in a lonely spot wvhich was supposed to be the resort of a ghostly visitant. He took hlis seat on the haunted stone, wrapped in a long white shoot. Presently to his horror, the real ghost appeaored, rand sat down beside hlim, with tihe orminous qjaculation, "you are a ghost, arod I amtt a ghost; let us come closer ond closer togetheor." Andclosor and closer the ghost pressed, till the sham ghost, over como with terror, fainted away. NEws FOll TIIE NoUnSERlY.--WO are in formod that an oentorprising AmnericIan pub lisher is about to bring out is voluome of nursory litoraturo, in which tlhe stories arid r'hyrles of tloe " exploded old country " will hu adapted to thIe tastes tand ounderstanodin:gs of younog America. To illustrate this we shrhall venture on a version io prose of Hiumpty Dumnpty. "Lumpty Dumpty sot hissolf on a tarll rail. Iliumpty D)umpty dropt off hlis porch-cker-squoash. And all thie llequipages, rand all the liveried moniols of an efflto monarchical systern was just a onoe-hloess affrir as rogarrds tile sottir' of that unfort'not cues on thart ovorlastir' rail aginr ! Moral:-The slkrookin bird of frooeerdom what roosts on the zenrith, wvith his head tioedl up in thle star-spangled baunor, rather kalku hates that moonarchy is played out-some! 