THE TURF. Tuk principal raw to which tbe qwrtiQp men of tlie cotdcio* Ere looking foi ward and speculating on b . tne Melbourne Cop, iriti* 1b to be run on the last day ot October. Noneof otirSfdaef , . borate that arc in this race have ftt fono to Tictoria, bat we understand tbat Mr. Tait 'will leave «rili foar of his tot in ooui-eg of a ftw days. Tim Whiffler wiil also be learin^ehortlf,. and the Boee, if ebe goes, for ve bear a doubt of Eergoiar vfa^pcrcd about. The betting on thle race has not varied muok durlog the week, nor has there been muck business do&e;^ the boobmaktr&beinffaway; at the Bathurst racee. Tim h^adB th» list vith 5 to 1 offered, And 1C0 to 15 taken freely. Plrcirorics couic-e nest tn the estimation of the public, then the Rose, Glcocoe, Nimblefoot, and l'rivateer. Yattendon hafr been eU uok out of tbe Port Phillip Stakes, o&& of hiB leg 6 having swollen very badly, aad he has thus probaWy finif bed bis racing- career upon the Turf. He will be .seat to the Etud. The sporting Prees of Victoria continues to devote long artiote* lo our recent hpting meeting, and roanj arc the epcculations u to the rcbult of ihe Cup. ll U generally believed in that coloof that the three beet horses in the Cup are Sydney Tim, Rose of Australia, the Dc-rbr winner, Fireworks. Opinion is pretty equally dnided r-t- which is the better animal or the two in the Cup, Tim or the Ro&e;, as tbe latter, who was only beaten by a length in the metropolitan, meets the former on It ibB. better terms than tbe met toim in our great handicap, ' Peeping Tom' regrets that Ur. Tait did not let one of bis colts have a fly for tbe Metropolitan instead of sending ibem both for the Maiden Plate, and remarks that tf ? Cirncoebad been sect for it, even if he had not been able topuU it off, which 'was quite on the cards with 6 sto&e; Up, he would have been quite good enough to get the measure of tho great cracks wbo ai e going to figure in the Melbourne Cup, ' riayboy,' in the same l^apcr, has tbe following about tha latent betting on the principal forthcoming events. 41 At the Albion Sub&cription-rxwu; on Monlay evening there* v.&,- a wi} lioiited attendance, and consequently then wa-* little doing in tbe &liape; of businefis. Tbe Sydney mare, Gulnarc, was clialUcd up on tbe board or having been ecratehed for the Mel tournc-Cup at ten o'clock that morning. In the Cup a election of tight Uorses agaitiet the field wa« offered at even tnyntj, but no ouc wot inclined tbat wsfi and the fir^t blow str'ick was 100' *o b apoinst lioiaido, the Tahmanian colt, for the New Vear's daj Dei by, and a few more hundreds would have been taken at the feme piice, but were not forthcoming. 4 to 1 in ten? was tajif-n about Firework?, and several doubles about the Cup and 1 De* ij witl Firevoiki1 and Little 1'ith for the hitter were booked. 200 to C was taken hbout Mary Anue, and 500 to 5 about Valentine; but tbe transaction of the evening was 200 to 1DO on Sydney Tim Whiter again&t; Privateer, p.p. ; tbe friends ol Uie latter horse ^ tick to bim like was, and are 'Willing to back him against any ibir.g and 'cveryttlng, and offered to take 100 to 2 that the stable tar. first ana second for the Cup, whichodds I wa6 astonished were not forthcoming ; had 6omeofour men now in Sydney been pre&cnt;, tbey would have been very soon a- commodated. Craig's Tun is not q-jite £oflnn, there being a difpofcition to invest on his stable com panioD, Mmblefoot, whose price may now be quoted at !0j to 0 ; andToiyboy wa* backed at 100 to 8. A dead eetseems to have com menced against Smuggler, why or wherefore no one seems to know; but there is plenty of money in the market at 100 to 4 to be b&d; about bim.' Tbe sporting editor of this paper has -made nt-light oretake in an so6wer to a Turf correspondent, given.in his ib&ue; of 8eptem ber 14, Eo eayE *'Tim Whiffler ran third Tor the Sydney Gold Cup last autumn, carrying 7 et. 4 Ibe., won by Fishbooj^ bak of Australia second ; and won the City Bandicap. one mile and u half, carrying 7 st. 7 lbs., Lady Manners Sutton second; also, cairyipg b fct. 2 lbs., ran eccond for the Bandwiek Handicap, won by lioeeof Aufctralia, 7 st. 13 Ibe* Tim Vhifflcrcorried 9 et. (including 12 ib&. extra, in tbe BauJ wiek handicap, not 8 st, 2 lbs. ae stated in this answer. The programme lot the Ivo principal raccs— the Gold Cup» and the Maiden Plate— at the nc.it Autumn Meeting has been iesued bv the Jockey Club. Thi? Cup is to be of tbe va-'ae oT fcovcreigne, with 250 added to a handicap swccp9takt* of Vi sovereigns each, 2 miles. Nominations, accompanied by entrance fee (5 sovereigns' to he made to thesecretary, Mr. Buchan Thorn.-; sou, before 4 p m. on the 2nd December; weights on the Slat Dteember, and declarations of forfeit on the 31st of the same ' month. The Miidc-a i late- prize will consist of 200 eoteirigu* Itir «U maiden hottee a'. Uic- time of entrance ; entrance to lit.- miule at jny time prior to the general entty for tho Autumn Mwling. I % mile The following tire the latest quotations Melbourne Cup. to 1 p. Tim Whiffler (off. 100 to 15 tk.i SCO I v. Fireworks (off. 100 to I! tk.) 10 to I v. Kofc of Australia (off.) 10 to 1 v. Gleneoe (oil'. 100 to 8 tfc ) - 100 to 6 t. Nimblefoot (off. 100 to 5 tk.} 100 to 6 v. Privateer (off. 100 to S tk.i 100 to i to 104 to 4 against an; other. TAMDAtoon/1.— The Bathwst Times of Ihe tSih :n6t£nt, thus refers to t^ia gold field : — ' Tambaroora tL&a; had its share of the ups and downs of the giod and eril atteDdaot upon bumas nature, in ite sojourn through this world of bouble and anxiety. It is now- eome seventeen years, or more, cince it was first known as a Kold-fiald, anil ee great was the rush at that time to this supposed Eidorada tout, in the course of a lew months, this hitherto isolated siountain top was inhabited, by upwards of 5000 souls, of various countries, creeds, and colours, in quest ef the bidden treasure. For a few months, comparatively '? fpeafeing, little was known of the process of extraction ; - but, very soon, a few lucky Califomion Yankees made their appearance, well ibillfd in the art of dishing and tabbing, &Ed; put the regular system into general practice, end thn precious dust was turned out in bandfiiUs; and, henceforth. Xeoibaroora became the magnet of attraction in the western hemisphere, and has eince been visited by thousands, many of whom, having made their pile, have returned to the land of their forefathers— home, sweet iome— while many others Lave located themselves here and in tbe vicinity, made comfortable and permanent homes, mgrried, and, with a iovely little family around them, are enjoying the fruits of their' honest industry and perseverance. Alluvial diggings here may be said to have dwindled into insignificance. Ketfing is now the great attraction of our mining popula tion : arid, as the neighbourhood is abounding with reefs ... „!1 - M.-c *',,r n,;i« a irifln fiaM ia nun Iv. all comets, as the work may only be considered in its infancy, 'lis certain that there are many here at the pre sent moment making independent fortunes, while there an; tuany others, for want of sufficient capital to carry ou. who are barely making good wajres ; but a wide field and a gorf prospect ie before them, and eventually the indastrvius m l perseveiing reefer must go ahead.' Death or Comjiodohk Maoviiif..— ?' We regtvt.' says the Jtmtralian Gazette of the Gth of July, '-to record the death of Captain. Bochfort ALaguire, U.K., late Com modore CE tfee Austfalto station, »9?k flw gft Ti' ultimo ot jiaslar, Shortly after bid reidrii troiu the colonies, in which lie was greatly respected as a seal ous and eflicie&t; officer, mUCh beloved by those who served under him. Captain Maguire entered tbe navy from th» Koyal Naval College in Kovetiiber, 1630, passed ais examination in 1SS0, and served as mate OH Til&tti; i]i? Weep, 16, during the operations on the coast of Syr U, and was severely wounded at the capture of Sidon, where by bis gallant behaviour he gained his licutenanov. Cap tain Veguire's commands as post- captain were the Galatea, ecrcw frlgafe, on the West India station, and tbe Chal lenger, screw corvetie, as commodore of the second clua on the Australian station, from which he was compelled to invalid owing to the state of his .health.' The Tomahawk akd xiie Puikve or Wai,e5.— The following paragraph is taken from the Stmt Ncu i : — . ''I'll Follow Thee!' is the designation of a cartoon in a late number ef Ihe Tomahaui. It represents the Prinoe i.i W«lee, ae Hamlet, struggling with Joha Bull, whs, as Horatio, is holding him back from pursuing the ghost of George IV., to whom the Prince ie saying, 'I'll follow Thccl' 'the inference is obvious, and the -publication of . i.uch a picture is surely a sign of the times ; for the fiw« /ifi«f/v(saj'8 the Honour in the Star) is by no means ' a low Radical paper.' It is another sign of the times, which will probably have been noticed by tho;e whose inolinatiou or whose duty prompts their attendance at public dinners, that while the toast of the Prince of Wales, once so provo cative of enthusiasm, is now received with comparative coldness, the mention of the name of the. Princess calls forth unmistakable demonstrations of sympathy and personal attachment. Qui tirra terra' ' Fabhios aisle Mabsiage.— On the Uth July, the . marriage of the Hon. James Wilfred Hewitt, eldest eon uf Viscount Lifford, in the peerage oi Ireland, with Annie Frances, eldest daughter pf Arthur Hodgson, of Baton - Yule, Darling Downs, Queensland, and of Eastwood Lodge, Lillington, took place in the parish church, Lillington. The ceremony nae performed by the Rev. Frank Kdwatd Hodgeon, rector of llolton, Lincolnshire, the uncle of the biide,: assisted bv the Bev. H.. W. Hodgson, vicar of King'is Langley, Herts, and Ihe Rev J. Henry Bryant, vicar jof Astley, Warwickshire. The Eari of Oosford, of tiosford Castle, Armagh, the first cousin of the bridegroom, officiated as ''best man.'' There was a numerous assemblage of the relatives aad fiiende of the happy couple, inalading Lady Dowlicg, District J adgc Dowling, the Hon. Carnwailis Charles Hewitt (third brother pf the bridegroom), Mr. and tbe Hon, Mrs. Wood, Mr. C. N, Newdegate. M.P. aud Mrs. Kewdegate, the Rev. H W. n&d; Mrs. Hodgson. Mr. l'emberton, Miss Boucherrettsi the Rev. J. Wise, and Mrs. Montgomery. The bridesmaids were her three sisters— the Misses Hodgson, the Hon. Miss Hewitt, Miss Mont gomery, and Miss Campbell.. The bride wore a rioh white satin dresB «ith train ekirt, and the customary wreath of orange blossoms, aud a white tulle veil. Tbe dresses ofthe . bridesmaids were of white tarlatan,' trimmed with Eton-blue »a in ; and their bonnets were of white tulle, with white liltee snd tulle veils. The brid* ' .was given away by her - father; The church was tastefully decorated for the occasion, 1 apd the auspicious event attracted a numerous laUendance of apeotators. At ihe conclusion of the marriage ceremony, and after the ueual attestation of the register in Die vestry, the bridal - party letutncd to Eastwood Lodge, where a splendid break iiiet was eerved to about forty relatives and friends. The Ltaltb eflbebiideand bridegroom were drunk with suitable bonourssnd sentiments, and'AoHly after 3 o'clock slia, uewly mariied pair left for their wedding tour.' The ^redd'ing presents received by the bride 4rere numerous and costly, and wire greatly aSmlrei.—Zeaminir(OH Paper. lnr. La.st Fbeak or Fashion —The last- freak of ? fashion, says an English paper, is to give the emtp dt aract to the pearl powder, white lead, and rouge that halve ao long reigned. Even belladonna is , ta be discarded, and ? 'golden' bair will shortly be as jrare as the real auburn tint of nature, ir not still rarer., ' Ihe'deorei .lias gone forth for 'black hair and bronze. complexions, ^-and these will, no doubt, shertly crowd the jpBrks: ' How they Jare produced ia the -only. question -that'need CQnceru-ti8;, ,The deatrncfive nature of the agents 'nBually eni^lsyed iir ^yeing - thehairblackis WEU*nownJo«irreadert.^T«giveBlady r of fasbion-the complexion ofa gipsy, nothing iaiiefeded tint alitfle walnut j uieK onfl iW® have - reason lo know that this haeialready^found: it^ waj-t-f.;tbe t#ilet table, It bas at least the negative -merit fit ? pothiqg go d^ngerojis M «om& ofthe pdls6noue.cp^eficB,ibathavj.preo»4edit. AVUaUim a dirty, feoe 'wilHoBg be'thefjige'it 'would be rash. to predict. , . . EBtAjii-A'rt^ErVs' Copbi-- XnvjgbratinB ? ,iuitt .^ustaittinsj . wltli a rtBrieiaha grktclulnafiiur (levdoptS tqr the spcctul rnoae of preparation,, is used u their halritual beverage for toeaUtatW ?thoutaods vho neysr^foremM rtMwu-.Seecda'Stands mnnh, higher thin coffee or tea,',' Or. HaEsallsavs, 'and contains efery; ???? 4ngT^ient Betwarj- toUieetistenanrt---r Ui- Milr/' , Jt ie tuudc y . r*top5y!by»oi-kfiSB!w-iling -wlteibi nrnk'trnHhc1 preparation''; ' sold. VTWii*-i!-}»'-W-4i»lb. pwlceti; and aMbrin* prepared bf I.Jw. Eppseid.U),.'' the.aomo-oni(Uiip Che^uistf. -gctv.Tnllr oall-yt- j, . . I'EfrP6'8 HODioxTpittie Coooa,— Anrr ' - , 