GREAT MEN OF OUR DAY CHARLES DICKENS. This most popular writer was born at Ports- mouth in 1812, his father being an official in the Navy Pay Department until the end of the war, when he went to live in London and became a reporter for one of the daily papers. Charles Dickens was intended for the law by his father, but his inclinations leading him rather to less arduous forms of literature, he became a reporter of the Morning Chronicle, and was hence enabled to publish therein those clever little pieces afterwards named 'Sketches by Boz' (1836). The success of this attempt caused Messrs Chapman and Hall to engage him to write a story as a serial in monthly parts, which appeared as the famous 'Posthumous Memoirs of the Pickwick Club' —a book, the extravagance of which is atoned for by abundance of wit, some humor, and and the extensive knowledge of the Cockney mind which it displays. Dickens's next story was 'Oliver Twist,' published in 'Bentley's Miscellany' (1837-8), one which has continued to be most popular until this day, in spite of the unattractive nature of its subject matter. In 'Nicholas Nickleby,' which succeeded this, we first find Dickens writing with a special purpose — making lawful use of his wonderful power of representing those defects in the social system of our day which the mere theorist might in vain declaim against. It is a noble trait in this writer's character that he has given a direct purpose to so many of his novels; and it is due to his exquisite skill that he has not made the 'moral of his tale' an offence to the reader. 'Nickleby,' as we know, was written to expose the vicious meanness of certain private schools ; and Dickens, as usual everywhere with him, based his account upon ascertained fact and personal observation. We will not go into the circumstances of the publication of each of his books — a list of which will be found below — but will touch upon his movements and the publication of his principal works only. In 1841, Dickens set sail for America, to extend the field of his observations upon men and things ; and having made a tour in the United States, he published ou his return his experiences, under the title of 'American Notes for General Circulation' — a book which did not quite please our cousins, and which drew forth from one of them a reply, entitled 'Change for American Notes.' In 1844 he visited Italy ; and in January, 1846. he started a newspaper — the Daily News— the object of which was the promotion of Liberal views and advocacy of secular education — Dickens himself being editor for a few months, and contributing the latest result of his travel under the form of 'Pictures of Italy.' In 1850 the first number of 'Household Words' was published, a rival, we may suppose, to the famous 'Edinburgh Journal' of W. and R. Chambers. In this little periodical Dickens put forth a 'Child's History of England,' which deserves to be better known than it is — being, in spite of certain prejudices of its writer, by far the most useful and attrac- tive English history for young people. It has been reprinted in three small volumes. 'Household Words' was a very good periodi- cal of its kind, containing, besides tales, much scientific and general literary matter put in a popular form, and thus bringing within the reach of those who could not buy many books, as well as suiting to the tastes of those who are not students, a great deal of informa- tion that they would otherwise have missed. 'Household Words ' differed in one remark- able respect from ' Chambers's Journal ;' which difference arose from the striking and original character of the editor of the former. It is probable that Dickens did not foresee that when he gathered a staff about him for such a humble enterprise as this, he would create a school of writers as markedly his own, as the disciples of any famous philosopher ever were. Not that Dickens's talent and eye for life were communicable, but that his manner both of looking at thing3 and of writing about them — his temper, that is, and his style — were. It became extremely difficult for the general reader to distinguish what Dickens wrote from what was the work of his subordinates, though the great novelist's manner was supposed to be inimitable. So easy is it to copy the out- ward form. We may remark by the way that Thackeray, in the 'Cornhill,' also created a school, though as Thackeray's books were written for more scholarly readers, and with a more critical taste than Dickens's, his imita- tors had neither the same encouragement to follow in his footsteps, nor the same hope of success, as the other's. In consequence of a quarrel with the publishers in 1859, Dickens gave up 'Household Words ' and began 'All the Year Round,' which he still conducts. Besides his fame as an author, Dickens is very celebrated as a reader, and always finds large audiences ; he is also a wonderful amateur actor, in fact there is no doubt whatever that had he chosen the stage as a profession, he would have been now at the head of his profession. His always active kindliness, and his desire to do good to those with whom he is brought in con- tact, have made him one of the chief promoters of the Guild of Literature and Art, a sort of benefit society for artists and men of letters. It would be interesting to examine the points of resemblance and of difference between the Iwo great novelists of our time — Dickens and Thackeray — as more than one able writer has done ; but it would lead us too far. Let it suffice to note a few particulars. Dickens is the true Londoner in wit, and in sympathy with all forms of London social life; he falls in with high or low; loses as it were his own personality in that of the type or person he has before him, retaining only his keen eye for detail as well as effect, and his passionate feeling. Hence, on the one hand, he has almost, Shakesperian power of painting ; on the other, he falls easily into melodrama, or unnatural grotesqueness. Thackeray is every- where student, looking as it were from a watch-tower upon men and women, though with keenness enough of discrimination, and affection enough for what is good in them. More bounded by his own personality, and thus losing in wideness of range, he gains in reality by his habit of self-control, and by the self-consciousness, as it were, of his mind. The following is a list of those writings of Dickens's which we have not above noticed : — The Old Curiosity Shop and Barnaby Rudge (1840) ; Memoirs of Joseph Grimaldi; Martin Chuzzluwit ; Dombey and Son (1S47) ; David Copperfield (1840); Bleak House (1853) ; Little Dorrit (1856) ; Hard Times (published first in Household Words) ; A Tale of Two Cities, The Uncommercial Traveller, and Great Expectations (reprinted from All the Year Round): and Our Mutual Friend (1864). Besides these there are his Christmas tales, namely, A Christmas Carol (1843). The Chimes (1845). The Cricket on the Hearth (1846), The Battle of Life (1847), and The Hauuted Man and The Ghost's Bargain (1848). 