' MYER'S PLAT RUSH. (prom a correspondent.) Tuesday. ' Leaving the Shamrock hotel, Pall Mall, nt 8 o'clock Alonday morning, I mounted the front Beat of what might be fairly called the " Myer's Creek Express," from the style in which wo held the road, defiant of all difficulties and obstruc tions. Several of tho conventional cars were among cur surroundings, hopeful of half-crowns after our departure. Our coachee, by the unique name of " Jim" (Smith, of course), was for once tho right man in tho right pinco, an old hand with ' the ribbons, and knowing everything arid everybody, was a likely " claim" for my present pur pose; so I "shepherded" him accordingly. Our digging freight being well " cradled" down, with n Celestial or two to spare, we wero fairly on the road, the buoyancy of the springs and the characteristics of tho road completing the similo — our Jehu, of courso, pocketing the metal. Various rumours of 3;z. and 5oz. nuggets tested our credulity as we dashed through Lung Gully and old Eaglehawk, the shops, hanks and build ings of which raunicipalify would do honour te suburban Alelbourne. j Passing tho famous Catherine Reef we soon experienced the orthodox bush road, and com menced ploughing tho mud nnd dodging tho trees in .thorough good old colonial style. Old workings are on cither .side, with ample evidences oftho into rain, which U supposed elreudy to guarantee to Bendigo a two-years' supply. We now make a circuit of the " companies land," which is familiarly known as tho "swindle," and at last reach tho.AIyer's Creek ; and here private enterprise is paramount of routine, for an im promptu bridge saves us the uncomfortable accessories of crossing the creek," which coachee informs us he had occasion to plunge his team through even on last Sunday, as tho bridge, in spite of its present resolute existence, was dashed awoy by the lata torrent.. - The rush, or, mora properly speaking, tho consequences of the rush, now burst upon our view. Tents, stables, stores — golly bidecked with signs and insignia — blochsmlths' extemporised forges, cars and buggies, drays and waggons, and ail the concomitants of a now rush refresh tho oyo and gladden tiro heart. Satisfaction and good feeling predominate ; nnd, perhaps, nothing is calculated to stir tho soul so well as this, "revival" meeting of honest alluvial diggers I Bay honest advisedly, for travelling the length and breadth of the rush, with the exception of the shepherds who are doubtful ol their " bottom," all is industry, energy, and good feeling; and, more than this, the helping hand is not withheld, as exemplified in several Instances, wheroa noble, bearded digger wlllleave tho windlass to blow up hie little forge, to sharpen and temper the pick of a neighbouring claim, which may he stuck in the cement ; and this with the simple understanding that a few coals nro brought to the blaze. In another instance, a huxotn widow of seventeen etone and some forty summers, owner of a store and restaurant, standing under Iter wide- spreading canvas, wich blazing fire and boiling billy, invites self and coachee, and three or four others standing by, to a drink often, the which "we're welcome to, hearty," Coaeheo is overcome, thinks she wouldn't say nay to a fourth husband; and,, knowing she, has a good interest in a paying reef, considers she's worth looking aiter. Merry' ckaff, Interspersed with profound geological propoundings and the welcomings of old faces, familiarised at other rushes, as 'the several," prospects" are revealed and discussed, mako up tho sentiment of a new rush, and, give tho sunny aspect to' unconventional life .without the ban and blot of politics. jrim Myer's FlaJ rush is some five weeks old, and yet, comparatively specking, few claims' are bottomed; so that a correct Idea of the richness or extent of tho lead can scarcely be arrived at! AInny say there is no regular lead, that the gold Is patchy, and not to be depended upon; while the older claims thnt aro bottomed show a de cided lead, though not in a direct line, of variable richness, from Jdwt. to jdwt. to the dish; tills Is what is termed the prospect. The washing will often fail to realise tho prospect, and will scarcely commence for another week,, so that little can bo said as yot. The rush extends lengthwise far perhaps two miles, and Is five and six claims wide — the claims being 59ft. square, and the sinking from 35ft, to 55ft. Some reluctenco Is shown In trying tho slightly higher gTound, as the sinking is deeper. Many parties have been shepherding their claims for a week' or fortnight, endenvourlng to ascertain from tbo result of tho more industrious, the', value of the prospect adjoining or within, their: line. This shepherding lies considerably re: tarded the real development of the rush, but all agiee In thinking it a good " poor man's dig gings," or wages diggings, and it will no doubt ho the means of enriching many and generally benefiting tho district. The sinking !b heavy Work, especially on tbo cement, which varies "from- 2in. to soine feet. The " driving is easy! while tho washing is likely to be 3ft, ; the 59ft. claim taking a good three months to work out. Deusley — the prospector or dis coverer — makes little in his claim, nnd ts sup posed to fare poorly unless a grant be awarded! for the discovery. His claim is at the top, and immediately outside Ihe companies' ience, within which a few claims are taken, chiefly by Chins- men, at the rate of L4 per claim. The stores and refreshment-rooms are rapidly covering ground, some most substantially built with iron and wcathei board, hearing various appellations— The Sydeohom Gardens, the Chancellor's Exchequer, with no end of Happy Valleys and Digger's ltests— bark huts and canvas dinlngrooms, the caterers in which most innocently Bupply grog, sad yet no sign of drunkenness or vice ; blacksmith's forges, one of Wjtich owned and manned by Chinamen attracts considerable attention ; meat as low as 2d. per, lb., and a live sheep, wool and all, may be pro-' cured for 7s. ; bread, Gd. ; and In fact living Is cheap. A company of lour men report their cost of living nt LI per week. The rush is rapidly growing into importance — heavy drays and waggons of building material wotk their way among the claims — walls of wooden houseB that have done service for years, are regenerated hero — tail trees being felled, startlo as they crash- beside you, heavy billets from which, noma on stoic shoulders, llffiii their strength and assist ance. All Ibis is private enterprise, end not oven the ghost of the official camp is yet visible. 