PLYMOUTH ROCK.. Piym-.ntlv.MiM.. Annnxf. Si, 10«» Plymouth Rock is celebrated, tut for what actuol and intrinsic virtue, a modern pilgrim nay be permitted to question A meagre lump of granite, cnbinoted here on tho wharves, ju§t below tho Hill of Promenade, on tko sea- side of the town, is all that remains of what New England ls iJeasod to consider lier best geological spe- cimen; her véritable Marnpy-slono. A so'.all moiiiimeut arches it aver, and just where visitors are permitted to step, it it PO jonlouily hoarded that but' iittlo of tho rock is left to be trodden upon, while its quality U to be discerned only by examination. This comes from thc industry of the relic-o'iipperj, whose worship of things great takcB the pettiest way possible. The famous stone hap, indeed, heaume a rock of pilgrims, in the 'most possessive B nee. There is about enough cf it at present tb suggest a qneilion whether it cou'd hive beeu'at any timu of tba magnitude represented io pic tu ri al history, end whether, according!}-, anv consider erable nniuber of pilgrims could have found landini; or Btanúing-raom upon it some centuries. ai>o in mid- winter, as imagined, popularly, To a New.England mlod these ure, of coureo, preposterous doubts, und trifle with the fublirue of h ia tor/, 'I boro on tho old wharf, BO Lethean in iis look that the fat woed is' scarce'y wanting to completo the picture ; set iu amid the dryest common pinces; surrounded by shanty-like warehouses, gr.ty, weathor-boUou relics of an anciout bygone; lhere, like truth, in its Iradon casket, is New KngUnd's jewtl stono, wbenco she dates all the ideas that have Puritanised and, of late, so startingly made heterodox this Emersonian and Thoreau going commu- nity. The mystic stone is not in so repeatable a con dition as to deserve much blarnrying ¡ byt, as every Yankee now walks as if his own foot contained a Pope's toe, the practice ought to to out of fashion,. Still, the stock, scenery, and appointments of tho old pilgrim drama are worth preserving, even as we got them out of oratory and poetry. To be sore, Mrs. Ilemax.s is a 'ittle wrong if abe refers to Plymouth. It ia not certain that the " breaking waves ' did, indeed, ' dash high on a stern and rock-bound coast," as alleged, in her re; nowned verses, or that " the woods," is strict truth, did toss their "giant branches" against a stormy say Woods .and. stones are plenty hereabout, on, bill' and shore; but tho woods are dwarfish, und tho stones loo cobbly, I fear, for pootio propriety. But if the imme- diate shore of Plymontb-is - not roek-nound -nmHt« tarp» baiborage fenced from tho sen by a long outer beach, ptrmits no such ooianic rashness as that piotur>-d by if rs. Homans, still there aro boulders a'.d bn akrr» to the neighbouting point south of in the «ea end of the Man. met range of bille- large enouch to counter nance some liberty of imagination. , d'i'lieri' is amithur "and prior ' clnim int," however, to hixtorionl honours. Clark's Island, which lies f ur miloi distant nuder sheller of tho northern aroh of th' beautiful crescent which forms the general harbour ot Plymouth, bas its own un taunted pilgrim's rock. ..For tho Bise end appearance cf this nubia boulder no apology is at all necessary. It ia rather tritely calle* Pulpit ck ; but this is doubtless the best of the many pulpit rooks with wnijh the natural scenery of YaBkee land abounds. He<e it was tbat Elder. Braws'er, t> srnted memory, preached and prayed to the first boat's orew of adventurers from the Mayflower on tho Sunday previous to their, landing, at Plymouth ; so that this i and was, in fact, tho first landing-place of the Fa the ie after Provinoeown. Clark, the mate of the May- flower, an 1 lir. t of tbe erew of pioneer', is ¡minot ta' ¡sed by the i land itself. 1 commend tho ii lind rook as an alternative whim the other gives ont. Mo relio shipper bat defaced its imprAgnablo integrity, lu very ri-mote, wild days, it migljt have been a Btono c tacrifluc like Masiafoit's rook was ita the Manume woods ; 'at ail events it was just the rock for Ellie Bre«s:er to pray on-a real pulpit lifting itu pr ache sky wa "d, v i hout branch or rafter to obsanre his vision A ioung elm and ailaathue' now tropically shade i brief part of it, which ocoup'es nearly the centro of th elulit »cres nr moro which the island contains. Mos o' this ii slit obleas and treeless; ' but the short gr.» of the island is considered aa good paitare as tho coat áfftr Js, and its one f rm-houie is almost concealed b loilago. It is " a green ielo in tho se» '' truly ; not s green ns art yet might make it, or eo girt hy murin fascinations as a creator distance out at ana might lon to it. Bnt tts high land, rocky shore, and green herm t?go from which ond can see the full cb ir m of th cresent h nbjur, with its three towns, Plymontl Kingston, and Duxbnry raking in all eontiimd bi tween tho breezy sandy beach of the Qurnettonrh north and the i ocky sbore of Mauomet on ihn Bout) hav3 peou'iar enchantments. The Prospero of the iii is a bright-eyed white-baired bachelor, ns hearty HS I is intelligent. Every summer his sea-seeking trient viiit bira, and his hermitage becomes a sort of carara, sery. Island fociet.y is or bas been uoiqu--a ming of FO-'ial all-sorts; sch lara from Cambridge and Cor ord, amsng them a Harvard Professor ; Parkcril divines, poets, journalism, end magazinists ; worldl follr, closiod by reading and goad company ; Íorr true idealists, whose names are seldom or never see in print, and high-flying youngsteis of various ag( and sexes-all under one small roof. Village rumour has lent an air of transcendentalism, and oddities in gown and pantaloons flit about, these classic shades like sb many ghosts, or Platonic pupils in tl groves of. some island academy. The island a fair resort for clever company, that is all, and ii tnnately for those who ita reach it, is not ope to tbs public at large. Hither came Webster one dn with his fowling-piece, on old felt hat over that tawny visage of his. He was after golden plover. Theodore Parker may have reached it on his way to Cape Cod where it was his delight at times to swim. Channing the poet, and fellow- voyager of Thoreau, picked up 2 Indian relic here some time ago. Ono day Thoreau himself, a short, broad, awkward man, much in feature I am told, like Mr. Emerson-burst in upon his island friends. He had attempted to walk across tho barbo bed between here and Duxburry, but, within a hundn feet if Und, bad to call out for a dory. For once, t great, wiso wa'ker miBcalcalatod his travel. Xi island is not less interesting for having entertained tl untamed evangelist than tor having board Elder Bre Btcr say bia proyerp. From the delectable isle, ona cnn gaze widely ou tina panorama ot tbe main land -at tunnel splendid illuminated, and fixed fir and drep amid thc wildt ouutrasts of the light that glorifies sea and land 1 pether. The nearest and highest point is Captait Hill, midway between Plymouth and Dnibury, a famou* as the dwelling place, of Vile» Standish, t "grim Puritan Captain." The wonder is tbut heil lated himself so far from his colony, when, as may seen, the Indians in apy considerablo number, mig have c it him off at low water, but Captain Standi was terrible in war and ged ly in prayer. Plymouth ever wears its look of quiet wooden t I age. Spite of ito dry structure it straggles along seaward slope iu a very pictnreiqno way. Sat again a cloudy baokgroURd, tho " old colony" (seen frc the Clifford House) bas a gray, gh:stly look, and t pilgrim houses seem to be marchi .g to Manom woods. But sunset splendidly endo ns its fcumn eve?, and th e town »cd harbour have a wild bene not all their own. Tue Pilgrim bu-yinj-gioiu where Governor Bradford and some other wort).ifs 1 buried, is the highest and most central part ot t town, and the ontlotof Billington's Se» rons not off. The Old Colony records, which are to be teen the Court, are numerous enough qbut yield tia i humours iqnal to that of the sra captain who coaled his protest in due form ot a notary publi against a villager who had run into bim witta wheelbarrow. That notary wai (he quaint and j nial Deacon Spooner, whore hnmoursome eye beams 1 of one of tho piatuiesin Pilgrim Hall-a hall wh oontainb by the w.iy, along with King Philip's heir and a pieco prayerfully inscribed broidery hy Bwcet H Standish, a monstrous picture of tho Landing of 1 Pilgrims, which their intelligent deseendants surely not considtr a work of ort. Bot, speaking of thc 0 ticte doacod, what a droll character, whit a rare wit was ! :\Vas it Deacon Spooner who, on being iropo.-l ently ; netted if be ever pi ay ed in arcrot, re-potidt "The devil 1 if I told you it »oald be no secret at al Pie, O flo, good deacon ! Was it this worthy or descendant »ho, coming home with Ional precepts his band, twico stumbled over hts clothes lino, 1 dropped bis precepts m iking tbe t.-ue b'pionerian ci raeni--'Line npou line, and piecept upon precer Snootier rnnst have been that p-ous deacon who, n spectacles on, and hinging psalms in a dorybont ont t'.e barbour, was (oiled a long way by n religious s Seal?, by the way, harbour is plenty hew, muk n¿; tl favourite bask on a rock near tho villago ot' Kinget Thóir pretence in these waters, whe e every hour t raino their cat and dog- iika benda - reminding ona 1 distance of Mr Wallack's hoad in the Iron Masl is a continual surprise to thé stranger. But, to reti what public-spirited villager will venture upon mik a tnu collection of the priceless and abundant Spoc rinn ? Plymouth ia built KS it wore on springB. Nothing can surpass its living wells of fresh water, which bubble within a stcnej-ttro* of the sea, if not, os over at OapUin's hill, upon the beach itself. At tho Gurnett a point of land stretching seven miles outat sen, a will has bien dug in the Government fort which yields tho coldest water known in these parts, not excepting that of the Cutd Spring of Plymouth, which runs with con e'Qiit and exquisite purity Summer and Winter, Com- mend us also to tlin witch-haunted aprinir of Mother Brewster for whatever intoxication may dwell in paro j water, or to Aunt S:mmon'a olnm-paved fountain. : llcliconian und Caatnlinn rills have a pedantic tinkle,! but these uro living, limpid watcra of delight.-Now York Tribune, A WILD WOMAN IN WALES.-Strangers and foreign- ers have a confirmed notion that Wales ia a country rainer barbarous than otherwise, so they will not be surprised to learn that a wild woman has benn careering tho mountains ot Carnarvonshire and Merionethshire for tho lust lbw youri. Twice this awful creature bas bleu captured, and one, at least, she hus in return captured a stray child on tho hills. At last, H he hat been finally run down, and a contemporary gives a graphic deneription of the chose. Tho Wild Woman «ak B»on near Manfairfecban on Thursday, and a large courageous party banded themselves togother to ehnne her. Or rather, they promi'ed to do BL>, but when the hour of meeting carno only police conataulo Al came up to the soratnb, and went in pursuit aloco, After au unsucaesiful tenroh over places the very names of which would break the jaw ol an KDglishmnn to pronounce, the uncivilised lady was discovered asleep on a moun- tain path leading to llbiwiau from Oaehnidd. Tiro valiant officer captured ber, and at 2 o'cloolt on Friday morning lodged her In tho looknp. Bte turns out to be an Irishwoman, who thinks she has boen excom- municated by the Pope, and ordered to load a solitary moURtujn life for ten years. The next month of that aie will pe «pent ip Carnal yon (laol, -Oswfitrjr I AdycrÜMr, 