MISCELLANEOUS. HORRIBLE MUBDEE BT A TOUKG GIBL.— Celestine Mulot, 16 years of age, has just been sentenced to 15 years'penal servitude at Blois fir the barbarous murder of an old woman named Delins, a hawker. The old hawker called at the house of the girl's father, and there the girl saw that she had a. little money in hec purse. She offered to accompany Delins for some distance on her road, and armed herself with a billhook with the deliberate intention of taking a favorable opportunity of murdering and robbing her. Twelve days afterwards the remains of the old woman were found in a lone spot with the head hacked to pieces. Mulot was arrested, and confessed to the crime in all its horrible details. EIGHTEFK SHEEP ACCIDENTALLY KOXED. —A drove of sheep, belonging to Mr Nimmo, at Motherwell, recently strayed on to the Caledon.an Railway, near Wishaw, and before they could be removed a passenger train dashed up and killed 18 of them, and injured others. A CEEDIT TO THEIB COUSTET —A Canadian paper states that there is a family in Trafalgar, near Milton, "raised on clay land," of a length and breadth thatthe province may be challenged to beat. There are six boys, all over six feet high, weighing respectively 219, 2£0, 224, 220, 217, and 199 lbs, making an aggregate weight of 1,300 lbs., or an average weight of about stone. DEATH FBOM A CHIGNON.—It is to be hoped chignons are not to cause as many deaths as. crinoline. A case came before Mr Payne on Monday night, in which a young girl had been burnt to death while trying to manufacture one. Her name was Elizabeth Dawes, her age-seventeen, and she was a servant in Hoxton.— Elizabeth Homes, a lodger in the house, said that the deceased was standing in front of a large chimney-glass, " trying to make one of those new-fashioned things— a lump behind her head—called a chignon.'* While she was doing it her dress caught fire at the grate, ana she was instantly enveloped in a blaze. She was carried to St Bartholomew's Hospital, where she died on Saturday.—The jury returned a verdict of " Accidental death by fire." MB J. S. MILL, M.P., ow THE FRANCH- ISE FOB WOMEN.—Mr Rowntree, the chairman at the late Reform Demonstration at York, has received a communication from Mr J. S. Mill, M.P.. acknowledging a vote of thanks. Mr Mill says:— "I hrpe you will permit me to observe thatthe principle tbat 'it is unjust that the great bulk of the nation would be held amenable to laws, in the malting of which they had no voice.' cannot stop at 'residental manhood suffrage,' but requires thalr the suffrage be extended to • women also! I earnestly hope that the working men of England will show the sincerity of their principles, by being willing- to carry them out when urged, in favour of others besides themselves." > COSTLY- EXTRAVAGANCE OF -TASTE nf AHT —When Rembrant sold his fast picture for a hundred guilders, it is said that he posted home in a chariot to his father's old mill on tbe Rhine, and considered his fortune made. He lived to receive very different prices, and became an uncommonly keen hand at driving a bargain ; but surely even in his most extravagant dreams he never thought of such a sale as occurred in London last week. In his own day, the print of his " Christ Healing 4he -Sick" was known as " The Hundred Guilders," from the fact that he refused to sell it for less; and in 1667a magnificent impression of it has fetched the enormous sum of eleven hundred and eighty pounds ! Only seven others taken at the same stage are. known to be in existence; the British Museum is fortunate enough to possess two ol them, one is at Amsterdam,-one at Paris, one at Vienna, and the other two are the property of English amateurs. If ghosts can grieve, the thrifty spirit of the great Dutchman must have listened to the auctioneer with a melancholy feeling that he was born too soon. The price is said to be the highest ever given for an engraving. EXPENSES OF THE REFORM. DEMONSTRA- TION OK.DECEMBER 3.—A balance-sheet has been published with details of the expenditure of the late demonstration. The receipts were fiom sale of tickets and programmes, L454 15s; and there is due besides for sundries, L91 13s 6d. The expenses reach L811 lis l£d, leaving a deficiency of L265 2s 7£d. It seems that the horses and carriages cost L45; printing, L117; committee's expenses at meetings, L62; ditto travelling, L24; bands, L33; decorations, L86. A NEW RULES EVERT SIXTEEN MONTHS. —Since 18-21 Mexico has had 23 Presidents, seven Dictators, two Emperors, one Vice- President, and one General-issimo, or an average of one ruler eveiy sixteen months. Maximilian has had the longest reign of any ofthem. A FRENCH Agriculturist states that coal tar is an excellent substance for'destroying insects on plants and trees. Fruit trees coated with coal tar were found to be perfectly free from insects, and in other respects also greatly benefited by the application. THE EFFECT OF ADVERTISING.—A man a short distance from the city, says -no one need tell him that advertising won't cause a big rush, for he advertised ten bushels of grapes for sale, and the next morning there wasn't one left—the boys stole 'em alL— 'American Paper,' A MODEL MGNTHLT NURSE.—On Friday, at Worship-street Police Conrt, Charlotte Warren, a portly and respectably dressed person, between forty and fifty years of age, was charged with feloniously stealing table linen aid other property, value £20, while acting as a monthly nurse to a Mrs Olderfield, in Buttesland-street, New North-road. The articles in question were pawned by the prisoner on the day after she entered the service in question, and 154 N proved a previous conviction against her for felony under precisely similar circumstances in December 1864, when she was sentenced to two months' imprisonment.;—The magistrate remarked that this woman was clearly a most dangerous thief—stealing while, from the nature of her calling, the sick were under her care. He sentenced her to six months' hard labour. Printed and Published by the " Tasmania* Times Company, Limited," at their Office, No. 52, Liverpool- street, llobcrt Town, Tasmania. s 