THE TROTTING HORSE. A LEGEND OP THE MURRUMBIDQEE. " Well! don't it thunder; by Jove! there's a crash, it puts me in * mind of the night I camped at the Black Swamp." " Tell us about it; I've heard of the place; I believe nobody ever camps there unless they are obliged even in the day time." " Well, lads, it is a jolly good job we are not camping out to night; I never did see such lightning, except that night I spoke about." " Do tell us, Harry, to pass the time away." "I don't much like speaking about it now; I'll tell it to-morrow." " Oh I no, oh! no, let's have it now; we want something to cheer us." " Well, if you will have it, here goes, though I don't think it will | cheer you up much:— " * It is some seven or eight years ago since I was droving for Binstead and Walker^ the slaughtermen of Ballarat; it took some beef to supply the diggings at that time, 1 can tell you. Binstead used to- look after the killing, aud Walker used to travel about, buying up cattle. I had been with them some time before I speak about, but I had never been in this part of the country before. They had been buying mostly round the Western Districts, about Portland and that way; but this time he had bought about sixteen hundred head, at different stations on the Lachlan, and we had mustered them at Coldwater, and pushed across, for the Murrutnbidgee, intending to strike it where Hay stands now. I had never heard of the Black Swamp though I had noticed it coming up, and thought it would make a good camp. Well, we mustered the cattle, as 1 said, and the next .day we started; we got on all right, though we had some regular Rooshans among the mob, some that had never seen a White man before; we had to keep a sharp look out for them the first night, the next day we had plenty to do to keep them together, and when we came to tlfe swamp at night we were pretty/ wfell done up, Joe took the first watch and Tom and I turned in: it was a fine moonlight night, and we could see almost as well us in the day time. Well, we hnd'nt been in the blankets more than two hours when it begun to rain, Joe told us we had better get up and rig a tilt to to keep the rest of the things dry, which we did. Well, we sat there smoking and talking ; the cattle lying as quiet as possible, for they were too tired to give Us much trouble, The rain came down heavier, and the thunder and lightning were awful: I never saw the like before. Tom had just been speaking about it when I thought 1 heard a horseman coming up. It W&B; not dark, although there was a large black cloud overhead, and I said I wondered who was out on the plains at this time of night-, and that he would get a jolly good ducting, " Why," says Tom. " he's coming this way," and we could distinctly hear the trot of tho horse as plain as if he was ou a metalled road. Joe remarked that he supposed he could do a drink of tea when he came up, and ran out, and put the billy by the side of the fire. On he came; we could see him now in the distance and noticed that his horse knew how to trot; Tom said he supposed he was a stock rider from some of the stations, Suddenly he cried, as we all jump to our feet,' Why, I'll be-*-^-if he inB't going right through the cattle.' Tom and Joe went to their horses, which were close by ready saddled, and off they went; I stopped there. I could hear them swearing as they galloped towards him, but he kept trotting on as unconcernedly as if be had done no harm ; I expected to see Tom strike him with the stockwhip, but when they came' nearer their horses started so that Joe was pitched off; Tom kept his seat, but he jolted up and started at the trotter who passed him as if he never saw bim. I had caught and Baddled a horse by this time, and was in the act of mounting when be came up: I roared out, ' What the devil did you go through the cattle for?' He never answered, but a vivid flash showed me his face he turned it towards me; I never saw such a ghastly sight before, and hope I shall never eee such another It struck me dumb. I sat ou the horse and stared as Tom had doao. I never believed in ghosts before, and don't think I'm much of a coward, but I'll own I was frightened that time. However, I recovered first, and off I went to where Tom and Joe were still atandiug. ' What shall we do ?' said Joe, trembling ao that his teeth chattered. '.Do,' said X,' why muster the cattle again to be sure.' Well, the long and short of it is that we agreed to muster the cattle and keep together for the remainder of the night, and go and fetch our things from the camp in the morning; for we none of us would go back then. The trotter kept on ; we could here the regular beat of his horse's feet, and every now and then a flash of lightning would show him to us. He was going right acrods the swamp, but still his horse made as much noise as if he was on a hard road. We Btarted as hard as our horses could go, ar soon as we got over it a little, and had made up our minds, as I said before. We had a hard ride, but the rain gave over soon after we started, and the moon came out again. We mustered the cattle, all but five head, in the course of the night, and picked up our packs and spare horses next morning. The next night we were far enough away from the Black Swamp, and I have taken care never to go there to camp since.'' " Bat, Harry," said I, when he stopped, " who is he, there must be some yarn about him." " Well, you see, I doa't rightly know, I have heard two or three different yarns about him, and I don't know which is the truth: one says he was killed by the blacks, and as his bones have never been found, he 1 will haunt the swamp until they are. Another yarn goes that it is a stockrider who got lost, and perished for want of water; they say he just had strength to crawl to the top of the sandridge, and died in sight of the very thingthat would have saved him, but it is two good miles from the ridge to the Swamp. I don't know how it was, but I have heard plenty speak about it Bince then, and nobody camps there. And now, I think, it is time to torn in, so good night lads, and don't dream of a. E. B. 