LIFE AND OPINIONS OF A FIFTH .MONAUCHY' MAN.* Montaigne) soys somewhere ¿bat boys ought to bo taught to bravo pain as " part of their, education, becauBO a man. must reckon as probably- upon' having somotimo or other'in his lifo to undergo , judicial torture, as on having to suffer the toothache ' Such was tho sixteenth century in France. In John Rogers's days, it seemed as natural for a religious parti- san tobxpeot to be putin prison for hit opinions as in ours to be lashed by ndvorse critics.; In, tho palmy days when ho was bheoring/ori 'Crom well, he 'relates a boyish dream which he thought a propheoy of his life..'' It- is à curiously truo forecast of his-positiveness of opinion and pugnaoious disposition; but it shows that, even when ho was going with the full tide of success, ho looked upon it as his jfato to end in prison :- .. ' After seo'ng a "grave ancient maa, full of white hairs like woo), rid a long whim board," who told'him -that bo wab chosen to prcaoh tho word, bo goes on with the message,' ' ?' Hut after a limo thou wilt be troubled with tho different opinionsjind wars of men, and eccm at first to ba at a loss, but'.ho Lord will bo thy guido. Go on, and, as thou goest, ' forward, the'.way of the Lord will lie- clearer 'and clearer before your oyes ; Ibo footsteps are tho examples of the saints that hare gone before you, which' will ba a groat help linio you,and you shall walk cheerfully on in the way which is ole« to you (than tho which you shall seo no otliorj. But yet you must moot tho fair house on tho left hand -i.e. tho glory and great onesiof the world; who make a great and fair show to men, aro built high ¡ but they must' fal), arid aro ' but on tho left' hand ot you, whiUt. you will despiso them, preach .against them,' and turn- your eyes, locking forward' '-to'- go on in the way of God. But tho beam that comes out of this gnat ' house- whioh make's so much show, ii meant the powers and opinions of suób, wbicb, whilst somewhat cross to the way, you stop asido and will not stoop under, thoy ore'eet on fire or inflamed of a suddon ; but bs not troubled, go for- ward, though they will send altor you, saying you bato brought this fire .upon, them, and they will falsely I accuse you, and seek to hale you away to prison for , this fact." At which I nwaked, this being morning, ' and, being filled with confidence and comfort, I -rose up and writ it down presently, " Great part pf tho . book is talton up with Eogera's piteous .descriptions bf his ill-usage in prison. .The -Protector shut up thc'Fifth Monarchy preaohers without ceremony, os if they wort» insane," to keep thom out'of mis- chief both to themselves', and ' to^ tho Govern- ment. Whom they complained. that, )it was illegal;-and demanded to bo brought to trial, " his^Highnoss showed, how he kept thora from trial out of mercy, because if' they" woro tried the law would take away their lives;" of which, judging from the specimens of their languago and threats, we should suppose thoro oould bo little doubt. " His work," hos said, " was to ' preservo tho people of God from destroying ono another, and to keop the godly of several judgments in peace, because like mon falling out in tho street would run their heads ono against another, he was as a constable to part them and keep them in peace." " I tell you," ho says : "There wants brotherly love, and the sdvoral sorts of forms would Cut the throats ona of. another should not I keon tb'o peace." flo. " Thoso you call Fifth Monarchy mon aro driven by your sword to love ono another." ' O. P. " Why, I tell you thoro be Anabaptists (point- ing at Air. KilUu), and thor would cut the throats of them that are not under their forms ¡ so would tho Presbyterians out tho throats of thom that are not of their forms, and so would you Fifth - Monarchy mon. It is fit to keop all those forms out of their I'owor." A very curious account is given of an in» tcrviewbotwcon.Rogers.'and tho Pro too tor. It was drawn up byRogors's friends, and ¡B meant to;exhibit him as triumphantly confounding in1 argument the tyrant who had him in his powor. . But the , Protector's part in tho dialoguo is.quito in his characteristic manner; aud if tho report givos Bogors tho advantage in argument, it illustrates Cromwell's power of bearing the insolonoo and audacity of ; his' own sido and his' high-mindodneBS in not' toking bis rovonge : O. P. "Toa fix tho name of Anti-Christian upon anything." Ito, Pray, ray Lord,' make no law against that name: let it not be treason to uso the nama of Anti Christian, for that nama will up yot higher and higher,' and many things that'you ' think good and Christian! will be found Anti- Christian ero long." . O. P. (Being'angry, lookod'on his army men.) " See,' (raidho) and so all is Anti-Cun'stian,and Tithes are so too,'with you ;' but I will proTO they aro not1' - >? Ito. '.'My Lord, you wore.once of another mind, and told mo you'd havo them pulled down,'and put into a treasury."' O. P. "Did I bvor say so?" 1 ? > . . ¡. "Ro. .' Yon, that you . did, in -tho Cock-pit-tho round placo thoro; and said, moreover, that tho poor should co maiulainod, and put to work with what re- mained of them, that wo might havo no - beggar in' England."""- »" " ...«...-.:-.. i I . i .. .., . ,G, P, "Ila i thoro be many gentlemen ? know that I bavo be'on for them, and will maintain the justnoes of them." I Ko. " But, my Lord,1 how can that bo that tho National Ministry is not Anti- Christian ?" ,,, . !0. P. "Seo now, how yeu run J 'It is not a national Ministry - that is now established.'nor., can you mako it appear they aro Aati-Ohristian.V " .no.- " Yon, my Lord,.without ony difficulty > but of your, own law,- which hath constituted those Triors and High Court Commissioners to establish a worldly' olorgy." . 1 , .¡ ,¡ |0. P. "I toll you, you and you,,that you cannot, for. they ordain nona," . . .,. , .'. , . i Ito. "No ; but if tho Pope, Prelate1, or Devil, ehould ordain them, thoy mutt approve of thom, sottto thom la their parishos, and what not, If they bo but comforlablo to"--(Ile is interruptsd). , 'O.P. " I toll you-I tell you, it la thoir graco they Judge of, and not for parts or learning Latin, Greek, or Ilobrow." . -; Ito. " And who msdo thom judgos of graco, my Lord P.At most tboy can but. judgo of the fruits of graoe, and how dare thoy tako upon thom to be judges ojror graco ? It li not you) but the Lord Jesus, that can make them such judges," (With that ha turned away, SB very angry, j _^__, i * Boma Account of thc Lifo nod Opinion« of. a fifth i Monarchy Man. chiefly oxtractod from tho Writing» of John Roger», Pmähor. "By tho Ber. Edward Bogors, M.A., itudontof Christchurch, London! Longmans and Co. 180". Of bourao Rogers sow no mercy in being kept from proncfilng nnd shut up in a prison, nod rnado'tho worst of it, Ile had a faculty in that way. Ho was like some of tho Pron ph Republicans undor Louis JPhUippe» part of whoso art it was to" assdmeon all oooasions, with the most tragic1 effect, tho solemn pose of a victim. . He relates how he was interrupted in the middle of his preach- ing and expounding* to appear before the Government Commissioners, and, "from my 'sweat in that exercise, taken away by the Marsh al with my brother Fcake to be ooolod in tho other ;" and how he insulted and .baffled the instruments of. tyranny. Being something of an Orientalist, ho heightens his. picture of . oppression by the apt intro- duction of barbaresque words and unintelli- gible scraps of Turkish.-""'The pragmatical 'proolivi.ty¡ and ; aotivity of the Cavalierishj Bpirit to prosecute and exeouto tho- rage of the Beast upon us'under tho Sword Sover-. eignty," is, he says, as bad ns any Turkish servitude ; and ho proceeds :-" But to m allo- ua in a yet more Turkliko slavery. ... behold'the bashaws'" arid' Begler-Beys (i.e. tho Major-Generals) sent down to settle their Divans and. Militia into every country», with tho Timnriots also, and Zath'iaoks or Deputy Bashaws, under them, besides the Janizzarioe, Gemoglànies, and Spahies or Guards, about the Grand S. at whitehall. And in the army there are also, their Aobin giesj (hinds of the country) or new Militia troops, too, to fornge up and down for prey, and to keep tho Lord's lambs from meeting and feeding together on Christ's commons Is not this a new Turkey, then ? Let them, palliate all as they \viU"with good,words, yet, as the proverb is, Soltanqn J)il^ adalia ^ _ kanákrin hilo"maa,* 'their Sultán'witboutT justloo shall bo found like a brook without water;' and neither, his'soldiers nor multi- tudes oah save him when tho timo of his judgment is come, ? Isiah ho-rai,' &o.;'' It was not intended'to trent Rogers harshly. In thoso. days gaolers vero rough, and pri- sons inconvenient and unwholesome. 13ut tho ' Government wished to indulge him. They first committed him to tho caro of a rolative, Seajennt Dendy. . They let, him. have, first, his wholo family pf.children and servants with him, and his wife throughout. But he was thoroughly determined to make himself as troúblésóme.and' annoying as he could to all about him, that he' might have- - the' oxouse for complaining of . the more severe measures which/in mere self-defonoe,. 'hisjkeepers were obliged to adopt. He con- trived to torment both himself and thom in, a way in whioh it is hard: to say whether the tragio element or the comio predominates. He insisted on additional room and furni- ture, and would not pay for it, and protested in j tho most violent way when ho was pressed for it. , Ho insisted, on preaohing _ tho'downfall of the usurping dnd tyrannical" j Roast to tho soldiers, or to any one within hearing,. and shrieked out his lamentations when forco was neoossary to mako^him stop;. Tho ingenuity which he displayed in making himself disagreeable to his -gaolers must havo mado their ohorge heavy to them'; and then lío re von ged himself again by publish- ing the most piteous tales of their inhuman barbarity. ; Ho'was one of thbse peoplb ; whom .we meet with sometimes, .who hayo a> sort'of talent for malting it. unpleasant oven for the law to deal with them, and who caa do:80 with comparativo-impunitv. - yet suffering is sufforin'g. Evon John Rogers is pathetio when he describes the death of his-; two obildren in prison, and' how the head gaolér, whom ho would not pay for the use of his furnituro, ordered their beds to bo taken'itway when they were dying. Bogers was a fanatical preacher of "anarchy, who, if" ho could, would havo raised bp the reign of' ferocious and morciloss madness in England But it is humiliating to seo how easily, and with what thorough conviction and earnest- ness, the language of madness and fanati- cism can ape tho noblest accents of beroio suffering in the noblest of. causes :-" A» Acts xvi. 10, ' when they saw that tho .hope of their gains was gone, they caught Paul and Silias and drow them to the market- place to tho rulors, and the rulers cast thora into prison' (ver. 23, 24); yea, they were 'thrust into the inner prison.' Bat there thoy sang praises; and so do we our ' antoluoanos hymnos,' ' and so wo will, till tho foundations of this earthly government rend.' ' Amen, Halle- lujah! Yotlcan tell thom, that with a bottor conscience, whioh is:my. continual feast, I oan look put at thoso iron.bars and sing, while tho thorn is at my 'breast to koop me watchful, than thoy oan at their boleónos or rattling ooaohes, or ruffling in their gold and. gaudiness, dyed in the blood of saints, and gotten by hypocrisy abd cozening. No wonder they ate alarmed .with continual fears, whiles we poor worms in prison need none of their courts of guard, but cnn sleep ' sweetly and seourely, though madmen, drunkards, and'devils , are about us day and night. * Thou proudest. tyrant, thou canst but better tho vessel, thou canst but hurt tho bark ; but my lifo is hid with Christi,.. In God. . Amen 1 and Lord koop it there,, that I faint not." But with, all , thati* pathetio and all that is grotesque, with tho' resolution and loftiness of spirit whioh would have mado him a hero if ho had had but a cause, and with all the volubility and , grimaces of 'a buffoon, there is another cle- ment mingled. With all his plaintiveness there io at least tho profession of vindictive ferooity. He looks forward tb God's venger ,ahce, to be wrought' by tho hands of the'. '' suffering.w.itnesaes ;? and, ho feeds his ? con- fidence of rovengo on his Interpretations of Daniel and . the, Apocalypse. Tho' part which "miracles havo played in tho vulgar superstition bf Bomanismi ', - has ' been replaced in .tho . i vulgar : superstition of Protestantism by - tho ; interpre- tation" of propheoy, ever equally confi- dent and olear, evor ludicrously falsified by tho event, over .repeated with-, unshaken positiveness. Rogers's mainstay in prison was. his assuranoo that, he had thokoy. to tho Fotty-two Weeksj and 'that. they woro- on tho eve of expiring. Ina strain of the ' wildest roligious exultation he bid bte" con captives" to ho of good ohoer. ¿God has " muzzled this mishoppon Court monster' this ugly Creature, thia Bastard of Ashdod, this seed of tho, Dragon, begotten in dark- ness, brought forth . in weakness, growing lip in wiokodness, to booonfoundud with tho fierceness of the wrath of God whioh is at land;"' " I tell you, truly, ' ho goos on, that nftor our forty-two monthod voyage, wo may see tho lonof." Ho. bids, them bo Teady, and " wait for tho word from on High *io fall on, and faith and prayer to do. tho .oxeoution aooording to Rev. xviii. 0. . j' Ho- ward her as Bhe both, rewarded you,'and -then by the graoe of God, the proudest. of them shall - lcnow that. we. are. engaged. on : life and . death, with the Lord Jesu our <Oaptain-Genoral on his Red , Horse against -the Beast's government, so as neither to give nor tako quarter, but aooording to his orders." Ho bids them' be "ready with their Ahod ?weapon to."Boware_ and Prepare." He -warns them that,'when the time is como to . TÍ se, thoy must ." put off all thoso relations, -though over-so dear, that may make: you stagger, yea oven stamp upon them -," and -quotes St. Joromo for tho sentiment that, . though father and mother wore -weeping on his neck or nt bin knees, he would: "run over thom, nil." Tho time is at bond to ." rend up by the very roots tho; foundations ?of these persecuting Nimrods with'their prisons, so that not ono stone bo left: for. a .corner of thom ; yea, till there bo such a ?trembling, shaking, consternation, ; over -turning, and total nmotion of them, thnt tho Beast's government may never havo a being moro in England." And ho winds up . the following address, first to his friends, and ?then to the Protector :-" Wherefore beoause I must break off with thoso few words to you ns to ovorcomers (for so I trust you are, or will bo, in Christ Jesus), and those followers of the Lamb, I shall leave, you -with that blessed man, Mr. Holland's legacy bequeathed to his friends at his ! death against Popery, ' Com m on do vos dileotioni Dei et odio . Papatus,' ¿0. So against this Apostate generation I commend you,. my "brethren, to the dearest lovo of God and to ' the deadliest hatred: of those Hypocrites and Apostates. Arnon. For '(Heb.x. 38.) If any man draw baok, my.soul shall have xopleasuro in him. I would have had a word to this Bastard of Ashdod, this illegitimate monster, hod ho oars to hoar, .but his most irrational rage hath hindered One, and I must bo silent, with a loud orv to -thoe, O.P., out of this den, where thou hast -cast me so inconsiderately, with such ?cruelty, and for so long a time too, of whom -1 think I might. have said, as Tacitus of Cralba, ' 'Dignissimus imperandi, . nisi imperassot.' How worthy hadst thou been of rule, if thou hadst not ruled. But as high, aa thou art, and as low as I am under thy j 'foot, methinks when lam mountod and ?winged by tho Holy Ghost,' thou art as anuoh under me and my Christ whom I serve 5n these bonds and in this . canso. Yea, as Oirus Theodorus said to Modestus about ZBasil, when he was under his tyranny, ' O Modestus, why Basil' is above . thoo ; thoa i --«art but a poor Pismire to him, though thou Toarest against him like a Lion,' and bo not ! -offended at it, for I toll thee through thy ; -cruelty I am set upon, a mount, so high, as I see thee and all the Kings of tho Earth to loot, as proud us they be, but like Hoppimi "thumbs-I mean but .Uko ants about a thole Lill, whioh I laugh at when I soe them most fcusy about their. nests, whioh in one crush .will be destroyed, Melrod down, and dis- persed like the dust on tho floor (Dan. ii. 35.) Wherefore, sir, that you" had but onco thia -sight, and if I speak not to a man most -desperately resolved and hardened up to irrovooable destruction, yea, to ono worse than a stone, yea, guilty of tho great sin against the Holy Ghost, let mo bo heard. And O that I might bo heard in thy con- science, O thou ! O thou sinful man 1 before the dooroo comos forth, and thy sentence be «xeouted.. How sore a ruin is running upon thee, though thou soe it not 1 Wherefore .either deliver us quiokly quit of these dens -(admiring our hitherto preservation from on high, whoso Angel hath delivered us out of the mouths of theso savago beaats), and jgive you glory to God as Darius did, if thou canst find in thy hoart so to do, forasmuoh as innocence and truth is found on one side, or else I say unto thoo by the Authority of the Lord committed tomo, that thou Bhalt Dio liko a Beast, yoa, more miserably than in a Den or a Dungeon." lt ought to bo added that John Bogers .Came to no great grief. Ho was lot out of prison shortly after this, and though ho atilt " blew the coals" and.was shut up for a short time in tho Tower, ho kept' aloof -from the more wild Fifth Monarchy plots. -On Cromwell's death ho became a protni aent member of Sir Harry Vane's party, and waged hot controversy with the Presby- terian Prynnoi about the " Good Old Cause." Tho various years whioh he had fixed upon for the end of all things oame, and passod over his head, apparently without surprising -him more than similar results surprise Dr. I .Cumming. Ho wont out of England at the Restoration; but ho roturnod nftor n certain I time, praotisod physio, taught with milder -dootrino a dissenting congregation, adver- ] tisod infallible preservatives against the ^plague, and probably died of it in his LONDON TniATEi-ooins.-Bom« acquaintance with the drama.ia general, some pref looa experience of lb» : play-house, tomé knowledge of tb* namei and nemma '-even of tba performer«, are wanted for the full enjoy- ment of the theatre. How many persons in a modern Xoglish audience combine these qualifications, or indeed . rpoueis .any of thom 1 In former days, when, tba -,'., theatres were few and regnlarly frequented by all «lasses the pr*et majority in any given audience would ",«onslst.of habitual play-goersi but at present lt is Írobably tho other way. The great bulk rf tho ipocta ors are not residents ia London,'but are, so to speak, -casuals from tbo country, and they bring nothing with them bat the money paid for their plaoei, and their .own desire to be amused. Tba child's plsasnre In the . first play can never be realised by a grown-ap debu- tant at tbetbostre; and although some Igsoranco ls bliss, it Is not alwajrs folly td be wise. Yet wo confess -Onoe - to : have. envied the innoeenoo of a oouple of people who sat in the pit at a performance . -of Horneo and Juliet, They were evidently friends, and '"ft« the drop felt at the end of tho Ont aut, one of them observed to the other, " There seems to be a good deal . of bad blood betwe»n tbose two families." ? These in -deed were simple and reverent playgoers, forgetful of themselves, and absorbed by the interest of tho pleoe, of whom more ptrbaps are t.o ' be usually found in the Jilt and galleries of tbs mare .fashionable house*/ thia n tho stalls and boxes, where ignóranos, coupled with ' conceit and frivolity, may asmetimes be aeeo'iu un- abashed eelf-oorapUoeney. Hr, Webster, lu his evldenco Bays ha hasplatodto bolter audience», andj more dis- creet, at the Standard, City, and Sorroj Theatre«, than -at the West-end. It is among , the bottrr-dretsed part of tba audlenos that, thero,is the frequent re- mark, the foollih and ill-timed question, and the perpetual ohaltor, which dlstraot thoBo who have como really to see and bear the play, and nat merely to get through an overling.-Fraser's Magasins fur January, < 