PRESENTIMENTS. As the. appearance of the sun paints itself on the atiposphere before it rises, so the spirit of great events strides on before them, and to-morrow wgfhh ip to day. I have always had strange musings on what one reads about the death of the Fourth Henry. He felt the ghost of the dagger in his breast long before the murderer Raviallac armed himself with it. Rest fled from him, the thought seized on him in his Louvre, drove Mm into the open air ; the coronation feast of his consort sounded to him like a funeral; he hearci with boding ear the footsteps that sought him through the streets of Paris. " Does the inner' boding voice say nothing to you 1" asks the Counts?. " Nothing,5' he replies; "be calm."' And then the Countess tells of another dream, in which she saw "Wallenstein going before her through a long passage and long never-ending halls, doors slam ming all the, time, till at length a cold hand touched her, and on looking to see whose it was, she found it was Wal lenstein's, while over both a red cover seemed to be laid. " That is the red carpet of my room," says Wallenstein, interrupting her. A little later and the doors are burst open by the murderers, and Wallenstein's body is carried across the stage wrapped in a red carpet. Here we have the true law about presentiments laid down by. a firm believer hi them. Wallenstein knew that neither he nor any of his train could be impartial at such a moment. Anything of the nature of a warning must be suspected as springing from native apprehension. Though he himself was calm at the thought of quitting the Imperial service and; joining the Swedes, his followers were full of the regrets and possibilities which a man who has resolved on a great step generally dismisses as idle, but which his friends feel strongly for him, and urge upon him. But the man himself may well feel nervous, and what is easier than to interpret his nervousness as a warning ? Many of the presentiments we have in history are tainted by this blemish. In the history of Luther we hear of Melancthon being ill, and having a "presentiment" that he would die, Luther came and prayed at his bedside, and he recovered. Evidently in this case the presentiment was nothing but the natural fear of the sick man ; but if this had not yielded to the stronger faith inspired by Luther's prayer, the presentiment would probably have come true. . Again, when Luther left his wife on his last journey, she had a presentiment that he never would return. He never did return. Yet how can we tell that her presentiment was not a woman's natural uneasiness at seeing her husband start on a journey, and was interpreted after his death into a presentiment ? Mozart's presenti ment of his-approaching death was of the same class as Melancthon's, only, from not being properly combated, it came true. He Avas convinced that some one had given him poison, and he said he had the taste of death on his tongue, and that he smelt the grave. There can be little doubt that all this was occasioned by over work and an intensely nervous tempera ment. As soon as the composer's vvork was taken away from him he began to get better, but he returned to work too soon, and a relapse was the consequence. Compare this with what seems the most genuine case of presentiment, an • event: occurring to Czar Paul four or five days before his assassination. He was riding, and he turned suddenly to his Grand Master of the Horse, saying, "I feel quite suffocated—I could not breathe —I felt as if I was going to die. Won't they strangle me ?" The incident was related to the Russian general officer, in whose papers it is recorded, the very same evening by the Grand Master himself. It was no doubt natural that a Czar should expect to be strangled, but why should he have had this feeling of suffoca tion, and why should it have come to him so few days before he was actually strangled ? —Gornhill Magazine. 