FINGAL. (From our own Correspondent.) Ten minutes since I had placed in my hands by Mr. John Gatty a nugget of gold weighing within a shade of eight ounces, which was ob tained last Tuesday from a hole 50 feet deep, situate in Major's Gully at Mangana. The nugget presented a beautiful appearance, and none but the most sceptical ran doubt the existence of gold in paying quantities at, or in the neighborhood of Mangana. Christmas day was very fine, and we have all behaved remarkably well. Dec 26th. MACQUARIE HARDER PINK.-The carter ???Teaz I is now landing on the wharf several lum-nse logs (coltaiariugin all d 16,0U0 feet) of Macquarie Harbor pine. ,TRo.s.o arArd 1COMMUNtoNcArrTo betwetn .Launceston and Low Head was found to be nterrupted 'when the officials resumed their duties yesterday morning. It is probable the interruption had existed fo- a day or two, and was not noticed on accoont of the .holidays.' Commuenica.an was resumed yebterday after. noon. HAOLEY.-Tho Rev. W. M'Cullagh, late missionary at the'New Hebrides, will prsac in the Presbyterian Church, lagley, to morrow, at 11 a.m. Biauoesnawuane.-Two sermons will be preached to.morrow on behalf of the Wes. ,,eyan Sunday-school in this district, in the morni g at 11 a.m. by the Rev. J. Hotel a " And in the of-erooon at three by' Mr. Barit roher. On Wednesday, at 3 p.m., the usual tea.meeting will be hell, followed by a public meeting. LAUNCESTON ANNUAL RACE MERTxINO. The declaration of' forfeit for the Champion Cop, Two-year-old Stakes, and the L ger will be made at the "Brisbune' on Monday orening. LuNOFOaD RAcas.-Monday will be the generalentry day fur these' annual races. To EQuSTOIANS.-As apiacticehas arisen recently, particularly by the butchers' em p'oyee, of turning sharpround the cornersof streets whilst.on horseback, we have been requested to remind equest ians that a by-law of the Municipal Council exist.-against the. system, and that it is the intention of the authorities to enforce its provisions, by which on ctnviction any offender may be fined in the sum of 40s. FATAL ACCIDBNT' AT Deloraine--We regret to hear that Mr. William Nevill was accidentally killed by a cart turning over on him' while on his way from Deloraine to the 'Don. It is supposed (from the evidence of the witnesses present at the inquest, held 'before' H. Douglas, Esq., on Thursday) that the.cart was turned over by coming in contact with the root of a tree. The accident occurred on Monday, 'the 23rd instant, about 4 p.m, and the deceased was not found' until about seven p.m. When discovered the cart was lying on top of his legs, and he was in a very weakstate. The first thing he in quired for was water, which could not be pro. cured for him until the mla who found him went to the Junction Inn, about three mile. distant. ' Assistance was procured at the' Junction, and he was brought there about 11 o'clock the same night. Strange to any, medi-' cal aid was not sent for, and the poor fellow died on the following day at tw o'clock in the afternoon. -The only wish he expressed before death was that he, would like to go 'to his sisters.-- Communicated. A STABBING CASE.-- At the coach manu- factory of Mr. Buron, in Hobart Town, on Monday last, a lad named William Gooday stabbed another named William James, in a scuffle. Gooddy has been arrested. ACCIDENTS AT HOBART TOWN.--- James Sniith.inthoe eniploy of Mr. Newman, of the 'Oascades, was knocked ,down by a cow on Thursday, and: kicked' in lthe left thigh. William ~Jdantsi. ?rris ' , driving, a bullock dray itt a l'liort 'distince from Rlich mond on I !esday last whon'thocattle bolted, knocked. hint down, arnm above thie elbow;'and one or two 'of his ribs. :Acc srEnr.-On r-Thurday last, Mrs. S:.J.' Saton, .or Wellington.astreet, had a very narrow escape from being killed.-; It eppesis ' that Mr. and Mrs. Sutton.wiire on a visit to docone. Mill, at Perth, sand at the time of the. accident were. insp?eoib? the maoohnery.. A large. perpendiculars shabaft passes from ore npartment to anpther, I and .while, slandirg near this :Mrs. Sutton'e clothes were caught, and she.wla' immediately whirled round at a. most alarccing rate. The atteition of . the gentlemen , present '(Mr. Suturi" ard his.; i't h r) was ast raeted to Mrs: Sutton's' situaltion by her cries for assistance, but u'noituiiately it was a coneidetable' time Leluore the' machinery could be stopped; this was at length effected by blocking it with a piece . of quartering, -and Mrs. Sutton was extricatett from her perilous position. We are happy to as, that it e only injuries received were a few bruises, a severe chaking, and a groit fright, though Mrs. Sutton's clothes were much torn: bad she been two inches taller it is most probable she would have been' killed on the spot. An EXTRAOBDINAraT Sraxe.-At Shirland Colliery, near Alfreton, Derbyshire, while the men were as usual working' down the pit, one of them asserted that he had seen a ghost. .The. rpparation was dasoibed as ".in shape likeo..a man." Instantly the newewas, spread through (te pit. Soon the busy ocoupation ceased, and the colliers .trooped together with horror-sricktn countenancee, demanding to be taken to bank. u hen those who were below had thna left w'rit and had come to the surface, they met thet,' day. ahift'"preparing to descend. The story was told, and as the news spread from month to 'mouth, a similar horror to that ahich had prevailed below seemed to be com muuionted.. The day men refused 'to go down, and -all the colliers thereupon re turned. to their homes. In this way n arly 200 men and. boys have "laid them. elves idle,"' and the ghost psesumably holds posseasion lof the pit. i A collier was acci d.ntly killed in one of the workings a few day-ago .- . The Kingstown correspondent of Saunders News Letter gives the following account of a ??? attempt at murder: — " As a man named Reilly supposed to be a Crown witness. was attending with a friend in the main street of Blackrock he was fired at. Reilly being armed with a revolver returned the fire. His assailant, who was accompanied by others, escaped on a car up Merrion-avenue. The police went in pursuit. Reilly, accompanied by his friend, proceeded to Dublin for surgi- cal aid." Blackrock is a watering place on the Kingsdown line, midway between Kings- town and Dublin. A Now ANTaueM. The following. ?we"clip from ono of our lHobart Town contempo raries:-" After sireging the Natural Anthem alnd the D,,xology, a most pleasant day was spent by all.": a CnowN LANos..--b essrs. Bell and West brook hold a ale of gown lands at their inart on Monday. CHURCH OF THE APOSTLES.-The choir of of this church, asisted by several ladies and gentlemen, will give their [annual?] concert in aid of the organ fund, in the school-room, Margaret-street on Monday evening. ALLEGED DESION UPON TIE LIFE OF TIE Poe?.-A letter from Home, dated 5th Oct., says:-" The day before yesterday, as the Holy Father was leaving the Vatican for his customary drive, the noble guard which preceded his Holiness reumarked on the road an individual awaiting the passage of the Pope concealing an object under his clothes. The sombre air and stmrangq' attitude of this man aroused suspicion. He was arrested, and the object he was trying to conceal was found to be a pistol It is asserted that hl was oing to make an attempt on the lifo of thg Pontiff. The Pope will, go no nore to CastOl Gandolfo, and will not even visit the aQirinal. The Vatican is united to the Castle f St Angelo by a covered galley, through Ihich the Holy Fathercan always "pass in case df aner. 