The LOVEB, the SPECTRE, and the CBEAKING GIBBET. u There was a sound of revelry by night." CHAP. 11. By Wrong. THE^ TOWN HALL, Hobart Town, is a noble specimen of architecture. Viewed from either end of the street in which it is situated, it presents the appearance of a gigantic packing case, with a heap of shavings thrown out, to make way for the removal of the drapery, crockery, or whatever a vivid imagination may choose to suggest. It is the pride and boast of every native-born Tasmanian ; and when travellers from some such villages as Venice, Milan, and Rome, venture to speak of " vaulted roof, and fretted aisle/' Young Tasmania, with a good natured smile of contempt exclaims— "Yes, yes, very fair in its way, I suppose; but have you seen the new Town Hall?" There is something almost sublime in the patriotism of our youth of both sexes. In their eyes Niagara is a trickling stream, when compared to the falls of Mount Wellington; Westminster Abbev is inferior to St. David's, Tennyson to Basset Dickson/Sir Roderick Murchison to Wintle, and Costa to Packer. But enough of this,—we must now take up the thread of our story and commence to weave. Carriages and cabs were darting in all directions, their lamps flashing through the air like fire flies before a storm. The Town Hall was brilliantly illuminated as for some | i | festival, and bands of gay revellers were hastening thither from all quarters. Exercising the privilege accorded to or claimed by most writers with your permission kind reader we will join the throng and enter. Through the doorway jostled in this direction, elbowed in that, gasping, sobbinc/ exhausted, we reach the ante-room, where an insane indmdual snatches our respective hats, and hands to each of us a smallpiece of paper with a talismanic number written thereon- " Never mind your hair old fellow, its all ri^ht. come on, (very blandly and politely) I beg your pardon Madam, but you see the crush is so great, (sotto voce) serve you right for wearing your dress so long P ; A lofty and well proportioned room, the beauty of which report has certainly not exaggerated. Dancingisabouttocommence and the entrancing and soul subduing strains of the " Curacoa" Waltz or some such composition are pealino upward from the orchestra. Soon the floor begins to tremble under the tread of many hundred feet, and the unfortunate architect is in momentary expectation of witnessing a premature descent into the supper room below—horrible thought! The available space for each dancer is rather' limited, averaging perhaps a square foot or thereabout, but ! all seem to be in good humor and disposed to make the! best of everything. The young gentlemen are resplendent j in swallow tails and gorgeous shirt fronts, and as many of them have donned these luxuries for the first time that ; evening, they look correspondingly uncomfortable. But you say "What on earth can all this have to dowith the story ?" Gentle reader wait awhile and you shall j know, Home was not built in a single day, and it is im-1 possible for me to tell everything in a chapter and a half. Ah! here comes a person of whom we have heard before —yes it is my hero, Orlando. His gentle spiiit would naturally shun all this glare and glitter and excitement, but he feels that his duty as a citizen demands his attendance. A lady sweeps past him in the circling waltz, his foot becomes entangled in her dress and she falls heavily upon the floor. In an instant she has regained her feet.— : "Confound your"—begins the fair one when suddenly their eyes meet, " Orlando « Floribel and the pair are: locked in each others arms. Two delicious hours have passed away, and Orlando and Floribel are 011 their way to the supper room. " Do you remember our last parting ? " said she. "Too well my own sweet one," was his reply/' "but_ upon my word, I had no intention of hitting you so hard, j " You were so strong/' said his companion, with a smile, j and forgot that you were dealing with a poor weak woman' : (she had pitched him head first ~ through " • an open w ' ulo'.v.) j " Where have you been living lor the last two years . 9 " In Melbourne," said she. " Ali! Melbourne, I have never been there, but I understand its a fine place." " I believe you Orlando," it just is. I never saw such a difference in my life. There you find bustle, activity, and business. Here you see gentlemen dawdling j to their offices at about half-past ten in the morning? | and looking as if they i'uli certain there would be nothing for them to do when they got there. I'd a thousand times rather wear out than rust out." Matters are now beginning to assume a somewhat serious aspect at the door of the supper room. All the heavy artillery in the shape of stout heads of families have been drawn up across the entrance, while skirmishers and guerilla cavalry hover on the outskirts prepared to swoop down upon the foe the instant that a breach has been effected in the fortificatiDns. Orlando and Floribel have enlisted in a corps belonging to the latter branch of the service, and are already performing prodigies of valour. We will not follow them however, for I think that in few places do you behold human nature at a greater disadvantage than in such a scene. Everything feels, smells, and taster, of the supper—suppery, and besides I do not like to see young ladies, with greasy mouths and lingers. So if you will give me your arm kind reader we will stroll into the open air, and exchange the blazing blinding o-as light, for the rays of that primitive, but grand old lamp which is now hanging over the city in silent watchfulness. Don't be afraid, my dear Sir, there can be nothing improper in this saunter, even at so bewitching and romantic an hour. I am a married lady, of mature age, my husband is within call (I saw him just now assisting a lady to an enormous piece of cold fowl) and you, I take it, have passed the heyday and sentimental period of life. I knew very well what reviewers would say upon the sub- ; jeet, They would tell me that an author is guilty of excesj sive egotism who is perpetually bringing himself or herself, j and his or her opinions before the reader or who attempts to ! analyse the motives which influence the characters intro- ; ilueed. They would say that every writer should keep as ; much as possible in the back ground, and that I have no j in ore right to lay open the mechanism of ray story for i general inspection, than the showman has to expose the ! wires by which his puppets are guided in their movements. I Yet with all the terrors of the critic's lash before my eyes, II cannot refrain from this opportunity of indulging in a "j quiet bit of gossip. And if any further excuse is needed, : remember that I am a woman, and therefore must talk. : Tha time and circumstances are so apropos of the subject : npon which I wish to consult you, and obtain the benefit uf your knowledge and experience, that if I let the golden opportunity slip, I may never find another. My remarks will be'of the supper room, so that although : I a in detaining you from the material least going on within, j your mental nostrels may occasionally be regaied with a ; passing sniff from the ghosts of by-gone suppers. I should like to see some change in the etiquette appei- | taining to this momentous affair—the supper. At present i the usual custom is somewhat as follows. The ladies having been duly escorted to the scene of action by their respective beaux, and comfortably seated at the table, or in convenient corners of the room, are immediately supplied ! with all that fancy may suggest or the table furnish. So | lar so good—this is mere every day politeness. But when |have been helped to their satisfaction the lords of crea- | tion stand quietly by—seldom condescending to touch a j morsel themselves—waiting for an opportunity to replenish tta plates. Oh ! it has aggra\ a ted me beyond endurance to see a gentleman standing opposite, apparently watching cve j 'y morsel I took, and when I have suggested the advisability of assisting himself to something however trifling, he has replied. " no thank you/' with a languid smile, which seemed to say that suppers were not included in his catalogue of a " fellows wants." Yes it savours too strongly ">Ws your time, gentlemen! walk up, walk up—a shilling more to see the beasts feed!" Wait till the ladies have retired, and the door lias been closed behind them. Then what a buzz of conversation what roars of laughter—jingling of knives and glasses and loud popping of champagne corks ensue 1 I have left my handkerchief in the supper room, and return thither in search of it. How startled they all look as I enter I ^ My abstemious friend is seated behind a small mountain of fowl, ham, salad, &c.;, and a servant has just handed him a flowing goblet of ale. He essays to address me but his mouth is too full for speech, so I seize the missing article and retire with feelings of profound contempt for mankind in general. Now would it not be much better if ladies and gentlemen could act more like sociable beings, and take their supper—My dear sir, you have been fidgetting for the last five minutes and I shall detain yoii;no longer, go, and " may good digestion wait on appetite," but do use your influence to bring about "some reform in this matter of suppers. None for me thank you, I retire into the back ground once more. " So then there is no bar to our immediate union ?" said Orlando to his fair companion as refreshed and invigorated they ascended the grand staircase. u None" said Floribel, 6c except one trifling circumstance which I forgot to mention." " Name it/' said he. " That I am engaged to be married to another.'" Orlando ground his teeth in fury, a Do you love him ? " he muttered fiercely. " Of course I do, you foolish follow, but I love you better." ! His face brightened, " I am to understand then, that if j this fellow, were removed—that is, got rid of—you would ; not object." ^ | " Leave him to me," she said, pressing his arm affec- j tionately, " I'll make it all right." > | Two hours have passed away. Orlando is comfortably j reposing in the gutter, at the corner of the street, anil Floribel is being escorted homeward by his rival. They pace along the planking of the New Wharf, and the sound of their footsteps is echoed from the deserted Merchants' stores opposite. " How calm and peaceful the scene is," said he, "The water is like a crystal mirror." " What's that floating belo w us—look—look !" exclaimed Floribel hastily. Applying his glass to his eye, the unfortunate man knelt on the brink, * and * looked * eagerly * in the direction * indicated * j A sudden push from behind—a suppressed exclamation—a j lond splash—a momentary struggle for dear life—a gurg- j ling sound,—and the treacherous waters flow peacefully us j before. * * * * * * j " I should never have thought of such a capital dodge," j said Floribel, as she hurried away from the scene, " but for j- that dear duck of a novel, ' Lady Audley's Secret,' how j very absurd for people to say that such books are likely to do harm in the world I" I, the authoress, advance into the fore ground once more. And now reader I trust you see the necessity for tb.W chapter. I have endeavored to show you that true love " thinks no sacrifice too great, to lay upon the altar of affection, and if I have succeeded in so doing my time has not been spent in vain. Yes, she had won her lover once more, and in the last ; ehapter you saw how nobly Orlando repaid the sacrifice. : [To be continued."] 