LIFE AND DEATH. "\Ve nro every now and then startled from our "propriety," and look about ua with a species of bewilderment when certain very plain facts aro brought before us, telliug ub in the undeniable language of figures that tv« linvp vwv mnnh fn Ipnrii find fn rmt: before we can even think of placing ourselves in the van. '"VVe are very young, we are rather precocious, and consequently con ceited, and a little comb-cutting occa- sionolly will do us no harm. The Statis tical Register for the year 1866 is now before us, aud wo cannot but- acknowledge, that taken altogether, it is not of a very satisfac tory character ; in fact, it is a Government denial of a Governor's statement. We shall confine our remarks at present to what we consider to he by far the most important subjects referred to in the Register, viz., those relative to births, deaths, aud marriages, presenting to us as they do matters for our gravest and most instant consideration, as on population more than upon anythiug else de pends the progress of our country. Ttie esti mated mean population of Queensland for the year 1866 was — males, 55, 202; females, 36,681; total, 91,973 ; the increase' during that your was at the rate 957 ; males, 7-49 per cent ; females, 12'7S per cent, showing that the latter have increased much faster than the former; this may be accounted for by the number of men who have left the colony in tlje last two quarters of the year. The in- creaBe during the year 1866 was, 3991 males and 4006 females. The births were — 2137 males, 1989 females; total, 4126. The deaths — male, 1445, and 916 females'; total, 2361 ; being an oxce.ss of births 1765. The ' number of deaths of children under five years . of age, 1172. Comparing 1S65 with 1866, the respective numbers are, in the former 3532, in the latter 4126 ; the increase during 1860 being 594, nnd centesimal; ratio of in crease 16-82. The deaths- in 1865 were 1733, in 1806, 2361 ; the increase in the latter year being 628, and the centesimal ratio 36 24; thus it. appears that the increase in birtliB is greater by . 7'25 per cont, but that deaths exceed the centesimal increase in. population in the ratio of 26'67 per cent. The excess in the deaths of children under fivo years of age, is very large, being in u ratio of 2022 per cent. Although the mortality amongst children has been so large, still all ages have been affected, for deducting the deaths of children under five years of age,' those of five and upwards exceed the centesimal increase by 33'68 per cent. Therefore, in spite of the largo number of births recorded, the centes imal ratio of increase in the populata- gion was smaller last year than in 1865. Marriages have not kept pace with increasing popu.ation, but wore Beven less than last year. There has been an increase of marriagos in the Church of England, tho Wesleyans, aud the Lutherans, but they have been more than counterbalanced by the falling off in those of the Church of Rome, the Presbyterians, and the Baptists'. Total in 1865, 1074 ; in 1866, 1067\. In Roekhampton there were in 1866 150 marriages, nguiust 121 in 1865, showing an increase of 29. In Brisbane there was a decrease of 30 ; in Ipswich a decrease of 42. In Roekhampton there were excess of births over doaths 215, or 11139 per cent ; Brisbane 598, or 63-68 ; Ipswich 184, or 4612. With regard to deaths of children under five years of age, Brisbane has an increase of 72, Ips wich of 60 over 1865, while Roekhampton has a decrease of 10. Therefore, if wo accept as a fact that numbers of marriages prove com mercial prosperity, aud that the increase of births over doaths nre equally proofs of salu- brity of climato, then Roekhampton takes the lead of both Brisbane and Ipswich and many other towns nnd districts in tho colony, nnd that by a very largo per centngo. Tho Statis tical Register has made one of thoso strange mistakes which limy be placed under the head of wilful errors, and which the Brisbane folk are continually making in their own 'favor. In tho table comparing the deaths, occurs the following :— Brisbane, in I860— deaths, 939 ; births, 1537 ; increase, 598 = 16368 per cent 1 1 If the 1 bo taken from before tho 63 it would bo perfectly correct, as it is only 6368\. Now, as these figures will be accepted ub correct by every mnety-niue out of a hundred, tho general opinion of course will bo that tho capital is one of the most healthy as well as one of the ' most prosperous places in the colony, when it is very far below -the much scorned and ill-used Roekhampton in both. As there is no mention of tho above mistake in tho Register, our readers may draw there own conclusions — we have ours We havenow to inquire into the causes of the unsatisfactory results presented, and the most feasible plans to adopt in order to arrest the progress of evils which have in them the seeds of certain ultimato ruin and destruction. By ensting our eyes over the tnbular state ments we find that tho greatest per ceutage of mortality has takon place in tho towns, therefore we have the right to assume ' that this arises from the want of circulation of free air, from over-crowded habitations, aud moro- than all from imperfect drainage ; to which, perhaps, wo may add the lack of a proper supply of good water. Queensland is blessed with a notoriously salubrious climate, aud we cannot suppose that any organic changes are taking place of a character suffi cient to shorten life. There is one thing wo must take into consideration : the people have not been many years in Queensland ; and we may safely argue that every ninety-nine immi grants who came here were in a healthy state when they arrived, thoroforo thay had, if we may so say, a stock of heulth to commence with, and which it would take somo time to exhaust or weaken by climate; the children of these would at first partake of the healthy condition of their parents, but would certainly become sickly and less likely to live, if those parents themselves lost that robustness of constitution by a lengthened residence, sup posing that deleterious, and by a neglect of those cautions which in a inoro uncongenial climate they were compelled to adopt. There .can belittle doubt but that the carelessness of mothers is one great cause of the mortality in children , they turn them out of the house like animals beneath a burning 'sun, or into- the wet grass ; they permit them to Btay out late at nights, ana overload their stomachs, with meat ; colds after colds occur, of which no heed is taken, so that at last the system becomes so weakened that it falls au easy prey to that curse of a hot climato— fever, or consumption. Again, we have a right to assnuio that drink may have a great deal to do with tho matter. Men consume morc'horo than they did in the old countries ; the liquor is not nearly so good, and thus quantity, bad ness of quality, nnd the inability of the con stitution to stand up against intemperance so well in a hot climato as in a cold one, 'must in evitably tend to mischief both in the parent and: in the child. But we will now turn to those positive causes which, fortunately for us, can be lessened, if not conquered altogether. It took Great Britain ceuturies before' it arrived at the conclusion that" a perfect system of sewerage was absolutely necessary for the comfort and health of a people. It is only within the last twonty or thirty years that the. most stringent laws and regulations have been framed to insist upon drainage, and that almost incredible sums of money have Deeu spent in effecting the desired objects. Air, an absence of miasma, and plenty of water, aro absolutely necessary to preserve health in cold climates, how much more vitally are they so in hot ones, where tho sun is the source of corruption. In forming a city it is not sufficient to plot out tho stress aud make them ; to furnish, plans for nouses aud build them ; there must be a proper and effectual drainage ; a strict and never-sleeping surveillance kept, so that no filth ordirtnccu mulnte beforo the doors or inside the Swellings of the poor. Desirous as we aro of seeing fine streets, handsome houses, elegaut and commodious public buildings, aud town embellishments of every description, still these nil sink into utter insignificance by the sides of good sewerage and plenty of water, and until those two things are absolutely and permanently secured every penny spent upon oruunient or beauty is suicidally, and wantonly squandered. We will con fine ourselves to ourselves. 'Roekhamp ton is most wretchedly and ineffectually drained ; there has been 110 judicious "system laid down or carried out ; it has up to the present been one of patchwork and expediency, and some definite plan which can be completed foot by foot in all its integrity, working to wards the one end, is peremptorily and loudly called for, and until that be furnished and arrangements utndo to create a fund in order to accomplish it,' we shall raise our. voices most emphatically against what ore term 2d town improvements. Benoath the soil first, on it afterwards, should he the motto of every corporation; A drainage which would cost but little now, will, if left till after years, when somo fearful visitation has Bwept off- half the population, and forced us into nctiou, cost a great deal. Wo have no need to experimen talise, we have but to follow example ; Lon don is is now being drainod in the most perfect manner ; in order to obtain the best plans, men of the very highest talent and of tho greatest experience were employed, and for mouths, nay for years, the appointed com mission worked, until it completed that scheme which is now being worked out. Like most useful systems it is as siin.le as it would be efficacious, 'although' it must necessarily bo in Lonuon . fearfully, expousive, from causes which would not' operate here. With the range behind us and tho river in front our drains could be so constructed as to bo washed out, at certain times of the year, as clean as our kitchons. What is carrying off our infant population? Fovcr. What is 'the cause of fever ? Miasuin, fetid aud unwholesome smells, foul Btonches, and an atmosphere charged with noxious gasses. What are the causes of those ? Want of drainage, cleanliness, and scarcity of water, and these can be procured, aud must be procurod, unless we wish Roekhampton to be a charnol-houso, a shame, and an aDomiuatiou. If population should How quickly in upon us, as it most probably will, are wo in a position, in a sani tary point of view, to receive it ? To this we unhesitatingly say "No." Why is our mor tality less than at Brisbane P Is it the cli mato ? No ; it is simply because there are more pooplo congregated togothor in Bris bane; because there nre more post houses in the . Bhnpe of crowded unwholesome dwellings, rooking with foul stenches in the dirty nnd undrainod back lanes and airless slums of that city. AVe have statistics before us which appeal to our hearts, our affections, and our interests, as well as to our patriotism. We may suffer from evils which aro haunting us, and which will, unless pre cautions be taken, grow upon us; but wo know the cure, and knowing it, if' we do nob employ it the future blame will bo upon us as parents, as citizens, and. as Christians. Before quitting the subject we would urge upon our Corporation to keep a sharp look out in and about the dwell ings of the poor, and thoso houses in which businesses are carried forward whero the utmost elennliuess is required to guard them from becoming public nuisances ; a d also to watch jealously our river and its banks, so that the former shall not be mafia a cess: pool ol and a receptacle for filth, nor tho latter ono long scavengers' yard and stinking rubbiBh heap. AVe are not quite prepared to believe that the falling off in marriagos is any proof of a decrenso of prosperity. It may bo in an old country, but not in a new ono. During the last two or three years female immigration has iu a great measure been' arrested, nnd there are really very few mar riageable women. AVhen men first settle in a country and appenrances are but little cared for, they are not particularly careful about the looks, education, aud general capabilities of a womnn, but when they become settled aud society assumes a more civilisod state, tlusy aro a littlo more nice to please, and tliey pay more attention to the outer style and to thoso minor accomplishments bo absolutely nocessnry to adorn as well as to make a home happy aud comfortable. Tho women who have landed on our shores,' or a great portion of them, do not possess thoso bodily, mental, or oven useful attractions, which -'catch the eye' and rivet the affections of our rising genera tion, who are a little more ambitious than their fathers ; therofore, we argue, it iB' the nbsonce of women, and , not of prosperity, which has made our statistics of marriage look unfavorable. Tim CuoconiLU. — 'These diggings continue , to attract much uttoution'from their steady yield and arc rising fast in tho estimation of the diggers who nro sotting in to work in something like proper stylo. Companies hare been formed which hnvo coinqioiieed cutting racos to drain tho creek from which a handsome yield is confidently anticipated. Most of , tho ground oil lliu (hit is turning out better than was expected, nnd iimchiuory is about being orcctcd on tho reef claims. Wo understand Unit a crushing nmohiiio of consider: able power will shortly bo erected on tho Halfway House reef, about sornu miles from town, nnd tluit tho stone is unusually promising. . Tho demands of the Morinish and Ridglnnds reefers hare been of sueli' a nuturo hs so dotoy tlioso parties who were inclinod to come to their assistance with inuohinory, from risking their capital. Tho holders of tho various reef claims have it appears fallen into I lie usual error of overesti mating tho value of tlioir proporty, and holding out for torms which no prudent capitalist would cure to oiiturluiu. If reefers want machinery, they must, like other people who want monoy, oiler sufficient indnco- mont for it. Tub Gouiilays. — Tho cntortninmont offered by thoso artists is perhaps about ono of tlio best drawing- room' entertainments wo 'have witnessed. Tlio slylo is after that of Mr. and Mrs. German Raid, Mr. nnd Mrs. Howurd Paul, and others of tlio snmo school, witli this exception, that tho prorailiug clement is Scotch. The individuality of Mr. Gourlay's characters are sans finite, and his portraiture perfect. The structure of tho piccos, if we may so cull thorn, is immensely inforior to his powers of delineation, and his urt worthy a far 'bettor dramatist. The most fastidious critic must admit that he " holds tho liiirrof up to 'nature" with a master hand, and that his shades of chaructor aro givon with' a discrimi nation and nicety of colouring which wo liuvo noror seen equalled. Wo cannot say that us yot we luvvo seen liirn in anything worthy of him. Mrs. Gourlay is an able auxiliary, and " why for no." , Hor powers of song uro of 110 mean order, and some of her ballads were executed witli ti taste, expression, and distinctness of articulation which might bo followed by vocalists of greater pretensions with advantage, if not to themselves, at least to their audiences. Little . Johnny is great in all ho docs, and tho eonscquance is lie is encored to dentil. It is very flattering no doubt, and all that sort of tiling, but it looks like taking tlio worth of one's monoy out of him. Ova Raileoad. — Wo understand from nutliontio sources that tho Northern lino will bo open for trafiio on the 1st of next month, nnd that the formal opening will probably taka placo u mouth or so later, when, it is confidently stated, his Excellency and somo of tlio Ministry will bo present. . Tlio narrow gunge, cont rary to oxpoetution, seems no bar to spocd compatible with safety, ns n Govornraont train on Saturday camo down from Wcstwood to town at the rate (including curves) of thirty-five miles an hour. Oontrast this with tho Bpced attained on the Southern railway. Insolvents. — Thoro has beon a promise of amend ing tlio Insolvonoy Act . this session, and people uro looking forward to it with anxiety. Tho prosont Act is a disgraco lo the times, and a positivo pramium to robbory. As tlio law now' Btunds, it enables the thief to rob by net of Parliament. What can bo moro propostprous than to allow tho legality of bills of sale ? A man under tho guiso of respectability makes a rise upon his trudosmun iu the shape of furuittiro and guods of various descriptions, and having dona so, puts himself in funds by tlio simple and accommodating process of giving a bill of sale to . somo convenient friend or creditor, who probably ndvunuos him a fifth of tho uraount of tlio primu cost of the goods. Thoso bills of sale undoubtedly oncourago fraud, and are spe cially calculated lo do so. Mon aro coustaiitly crying out tor reform in the wrong direction, and quilo over look thoso evils to which reform could be applied with most bouefieial ott'eot. Why should not tho honest trader bo us well protected as the rogue, for whoso es pecial benefit most of our criminal codo seems to liuvo boon made? Why not adopt the Scotch law, which declares bills of salo illegal, and bo put a stop to tho discreditable swindling that provails all ovor tho oolony. Our members should bo petitioned to movo in the matter, and they will not bo wanting in precedent fur doing so, for at a meeting held last February by representatives from the Associated Chambers of Coimnerco throughout England; it was decided that overy oxcrtion should bo made to introduce tho Scotch Bankruptcy Aet into that country, and wo think witli .such an example beforo thorn that our legislators may well follow. Amusements. — Formerly the .cry was, " How dull Roekhampton is ; there is no plaoo where we cau spond an hour or two, except at a publio houso or billiard room." Now, we doubt if thoro are many towns iu the: colonies of our sizo and , population half so well supplied as we are with places of amusement. Our School of Arts ahvayo lias .its company, tho Thoatro ' its milistrols, and Mr. J&ing;'i Assembly Rooms their guests, <yhere subscription balls arc admirably got up, lor thu purpose of enabling part of tho community tliut which likes sooinl gatherings, to ohaso tho " fleeting hours with flying loot," and dunoo dull caro away. Of all umusemonts perhaps this latter one is thu most healthful and innocent. Occupation is im enemy to tho devil, and we duly tho old guntlemun to got many roeruits while they aro, us Pat says, " bntin' tho Hiiro.' We aro surprised that tho continental system of amuse ment duos not provuil inoro amongst us, and that As- souibly Rooms such as those wo moot abroad, whero dancing is tlio special programme, nro not moro oemmoii, particularly us there is u Btrong foreign olement in Rockhumpion, which is wo should think suUluieutly important and influential to support a tiling of the kind — that is if wo aro to judgu by the sucouss which attended Mr. Ring's German Rail, hold last Monday oveuing at his Rooms. It scomod to bo just the tiling wanted, and wus capitally attended. 'The doooralions displayed not only taste, but rontark- able ingenuity, aud tlio Rooms when lighted up, prov sontcd u striking aud vory imposing coup d'ccil.. Mr. King's Vcpututiun us ono of tho best M.U.'s (Master of Ceremonies) out, preceded hiui from Melbourne, and wo must do him tho jnstioo to udd that ho scorns tho roughly competent to carry out with " Beau Nnsh " imperialism tho' otiquottu and order which tiio Ruth celebrity so rigidly oiiforccd. Tlio Jstcudy weekly itierouso to our population, attractod by .our diggings, will no doubt contribute to kcop up our puulia umuseiuuuts, in all of wliiuh we are glad lo soo tlio greatest order and decorum provuil. Rum and Suoab. — The Messrs. Erasor and Buck- land liuvo Bout' to tho Brisbane Courier, samples of sugar and rum, both of which uro doolurod to bo first- rate ; the sugar is described as tlio best yes produced in tho culony, and tlio ruui, which is thirty-six, ovor- proof, is " well flavored, 'and when it gots ago" will bo oxcellont.' Tlio Courier vory justly observes, " with such valuable productions as cotton, sugar, and rum, Btoadily in production, Queensland must prospor Rut why is " gold" loft out? Wo uro apt to considor: that tliut is tlio most vuluublo produco of all, but thon it cantos too far North for tho Courier. What a ; pity it is that this journal is so unobsorvant or near sighted, that it cannot sec beyond tllb Southern bordor. ' Very Like a Wiiale.— Tho Darling Downs Gazette while mourning ovor the fall of Mr. Macalistar, duos nut think that that giintlmnun followed a perfectly jusliable oou.sj. " It is true that the Minister was attacked on puroly personal grounds, and that timid frionds who stuck to his skirts counselled his retire ment." The Oaxette thinks tlmt' tho Minister should have hold his ground, nnd staked ovorything on his land policy, and " then, if defeated, lio would liavo fallen to riso agaiu greater than .over." "Grenterj" surely this is lolly without, ulloyj greater in what? - Riso again, yes, to elup another million or two upon our bucks. "Oh, bo sick, great greatness," which, when it scratched . itsolf, " it was now proclamations," nml whose honesty was as doubt- '. ful us the two giants teeth told of by Roeeaeo, wliioh he informs ub wero fastened to our Lady's ohurch iu Hiupatu, by two iron uhuins. Rut tho most - comical portion of our contemporary's lament is this. " Jonah was nut thrown overhourd, but has acoidenlly jumped iuto the sea." Ry the ghost of tho gourd that hung over tho whalo swallowed propliot, what eau this mcuti? In whut single instnneo does Muculistor resemble Jonah? Ha! u light breaks iu upon us. The ship in wliioh Jonah was sailing wus nearly shipwrecked i tlio sailors thought Jonah tho cause, and throw him overboard,— ' food for fishes." Tho ship of tho stuto was boiiig rushed on to the breakers, it was tossing to and fro ; reeling and heeling ; death and destruction wero beforo tho facos of tho political mariners ; a Buddou thought struck them, Mno was tho cuuso j tho god9 were angry with him, and to propitiate them, his companions throw hiin overboard. Wonderful Jjarling Downs Oaxette, tho simile is magnificent. If n whale should swallow him all we can say is, God holp tho whale. Roth Sides op the Question. — " I would not bo a woman, for then I could not lovo licr, says Moutuguo." Lady Mary Moutuguo suys, "Tho only objection I huvo to be u mull is tlinb I should thon liuvo to marry u woman! Montague did nut speak of nmrriugo, nor Mary Montague of lovo ; perhaps thu former would not liaro said us much of marriage, nor tlio lattur of lovo. Tho little guidon hoop makes u world of difference. Etb. — Mother Evo has beon of iinmenso valuo to witstors, punsters, and riddle makers, from timo im- meriorai, and ovo-u ndw-a-duys wo every now uud thon sea her liunio gracing tho columns of u paper, with tho two words " why is" bol'ore it. Tho fol lowing is not amongst tho worst wo have soon : — " Why was Evo the first Ritualistio oonvert ? Givo it up? Recuuso sho began by being Evo-ungolicul, and ended by taking vestments. Wo may add that they wore hor Evo-uing und morning (quory mourning) dresses, i Police. — Tho Court wus again quiot on Saturday' ouo man only was brought bcl'oro thu Hunch for being drunk iu tlio strcots, and lor assaulting the constable iu tho discharge of his duty. For the first offcuuo ho was fined five-shillings, uud for the latter ten shillings. "Tlio wurrunt for the prisouor Moloney has arrived from Sydney, ho will thoroforo bo dispatched by tho first bout to tuke his trial. Govuiinment Speed. — " Red Tapo" is a slow liorso sometimes, and requires a deal of whip nnd spur to keep him going at anything faster than a snails gallop. A genlluuian J. 11. writing to tho Queenslnnder com plains heavily of the sluggishness of,tho uug, and states tliut on tlio 9th Maruh, 180(1, ho wroto to tlio Surveyor-General, requesting that a block of land might bo surveyed and ofi'crod for salo. Iu about a month ho culled at tho oifico, und wus informed that tlio surveyor had tho ncccssury instructions : tlireo months afterwards tho applicant went up to tho land, and finding nothing dono, ho wroto again to tho Survcyor-Genoriil t lifter waiting several weeks longer ho culled, but " was curtly told by an offeiul" ono of tho surveyor's had been instructed, but when ho would begin ho couldn't toll." Thinking ho was making himsulf " a nuisance," J, R. departed. On tho 13th June, 18G7, ho was informed that tho laud was sur veyed, and would bu offered for salo on tho following 10th July. So that it tukos the Government one gear and four mouths to survey a small portion of land, and in a district'too whoro tho surrounding blocks hnvo been roadily bought up. Thoso 'vexations, or rather eriininal delays, aro absolutely monstrous ; in tho majority of cases it keeps -back the , settle ment on tho land from six to oiglitcoti months, and not only do pooplo become wcariod and disgusted, but they, in order to kacp theniselvos, aro compelled to spond a groaler portion of that monoy, wliioh thoy in tended to invest in purchasing land. In many onses the applicants have left Queensland thoroughly worn out with wniting, while' othors finding thoir littlo capital dooroused havo been compelled to go into service. Wo hope that our now Ministers will pay _ a visit to tlio Surveyor- Gonoral's, and not only insist upon a littlo moro speed, but a littlo more honesty nnd less favoritism. We oxpect that tho now broom will Bwcop this department pretty clean : it is fearfully dirty just now, and tho cobwobs, mildow, ana fungi, are "worthy of a London wine morohauts ccllor. What Next. — Fulso oars of flesh colour — india- rubber— havo beon invented for tlio uso of ladies with largo oars. Thoy nre usod in front of tho roal ours, which are drawn back, anil concealed undor tho hair. So writes the Court Journal Wo cannot say " hoar, hear," to such a fashion as this. Only fancy a fond Benodiot pinching tho beautiful ear of hi9 Beatrice, and finding to his horror tliut it stuok to his fingers, and that it wus made of caoutchouc. Wo think that any lady who thus wilfully uud knowingly makbs her self up alter such a manner, deserves to bo sorred as Midas was by Apollo, and to walk about all tho rest of her life witli asses' oars. This is certainly the ara of female idiosyncrasy und whim. Wo shall not bo sur prised to learn that plaster of paris noses mentons a la' wax aro the modo, and that tongues ureohuinod by goldon links to tlio wisdom teeth. The Lysteh Troupe, —A Southern paper contra dicts tiio report of tho Morning Call, a San Francisco journal, thai tlio Escott Squires Company had gouo to the bottom in tho Sunshine, clipper ship, which loft Sydnoy for San Francisco last March, and stateB that Lucy Escott was fulfilling a Maitlaud - engagement aftor the Sunshine hud suilod, and that the whole tiling is a hoax. Cuunoti Debt. — Somo short timo sinoo it was pro posed by Mr. Soarlo, tho incumbent- of St. Foul's, that the membors of tho Oliuroli of England should adopt measures for clearing olf its liabilities, which amount comparatively speaking to an insignifioant sum. Tho method which no suggested (that. of a Tea Meeting) not being in accordance with tho ideas of his parish ioners, was roprobatod as derogatory, and at onco diacountonunocd ; but, unfortunately, no other means wore suggested by wliioh the debt could be wiped off Since the members of tho Church refused to rcsoit to tlm proposod plan they Bhould udopt that of subscrib- ing individually, and thus moot tho difilculty. Wo 1 approhond thcro aro nt least 400 Protestants in tho town, who, by the liberal! donation of sovon mid six pence each, would disohurgo tho debt. This sort of laxity is not ullowod to go unroprovod by Catholic ehureliuiou in other plaoes, for we seo by a homo paper that " tho bouuty, fushion, aud wealth of Kouiaii Catholiu Liverpool liuvo received u tromcudous publio snubbing from l)r. Goss, their bishop. It appears that St. Georgo's Industrial Schools in that city huvo boon mismanaged — chiefly through want of funds — and liuvc got into difficulties, and that the Bishop of Livorpool lias taken tliem in bund, raised money at liiB own risk to sot thorn right again, and opened collect ing boxes in tho Liverpool chupuls for their roliof. In the largest and best uttonded of tlioso ohupols four thousand of the faithful hnvo boon hearing muss overy Sauduy during tho six wcoks of Lout, and huvo passed by tlieso bo::os every timo thoy entored and overy timo thoy left their pluoo of worship. Rut when tho Bishop opened the boxes on Buster Sunday, oonfidont that their contouts would bo sufficient to freo tlio St.: Goorgo's Schools from all dobts, lio found to his astonishmont und grief that they aontuincd but 19s. 7d., wltorcupon lio prcnchcd a sermon to his wealthy iloek that Bcoms to havo uiado their car's tingla. It concluded in tho following words : — ' I had hopad to have complimented you to-day on your good deeds, to liavo praised your charity to tho poor, and to havo parted from you with my blessing. Rut how can my lips spouk u buuison on thoso who liuvo - treated Christ's poor as j on havo done — who hnvo closod your hunds against the nocdy and have shut your oars to tho wail of tho hungry ? From you I uppoal to tlio Groat God of Uouvon, whoso imago yo behold cruciflod upon that cross, and who will come in power und majesty to judge you — beforo whom overy shortcoming will bu rovonlod, and who will toll, you, to depart! "Because I was hungry und you gave ino not to cat I was thirsty nnd you gavo mo not to drink : pick and in prison and you visited mo not;'1 and in vain will bo your roiuonstrunue, "Lord whan did wo see Tlieo hungry and gavo Thco not to eat : thirsty, and gavo'Thoo not to drink ; sick and in prison und visited Thco not ?" As long us you did it not to ouo of tlioso my loved ones, yo did it not to mo. Depart ! — Tlio Bishop delivered tho first part of his serinon in u colloquial tono of romoustranoe. Rut whon lio began to speak of tho neglect of tbo pour Dr. Goss's voice gradually swollcd into a full lovul tono. Tlio utloutiou of bis hearers meantime visibly quiqkonod under tho inlluonco of tbo spenkor to n point of broathloss expectancy, and v.'lton the Bishop had arrived ut the oxprossion ' Depart,' his voice was re sonant with such rhetoric force that the congregation scouted to wither under tho word. His lordship left tho pulpit without pronouncing the usual blessing on the congregation.' Education and Chime, — Tito Sgdneg Morning ITeruld draws but a snd picture of tho morality of tho South, it says: — "A melancholy interest attaches to our statistics of poverty and crime which represents a total tit first sight somewhat startling. In this colony, con taining a population of littlo moro than 400,000, and whero _ wealth is distributed with a hand inoro impartial than in most countries, wo liavo to support in our charitabla, ponul, and other ostahlishmonts between fivo- and six thousand people, nt a cost of not less than £114,000 por annum. Our, four benevolent nsyluutns contain in round numbors 1000 inmates, and require to support. tliem £15,000 'par annum! ' In our luuutio usylumus uro 1100 porsons who cost tlio Stuto £34,000 a year. Thifro nro 1500 childron in our orphan schools for whom nil oxpeudituro ot £1(1,000 por annum is iiicurrod But wo- havo in our guols 1700 prisoners who cost tho country inoro tliau all our aged and infirm ; and more than all otiv orphans nnd thoso borolt of reason, for the sum required is £59,000 a year. Tlioso figures show how important it iB cvou in air economical point of view to euro for tho educa tion and training of tliosu .who but for tho publio supervision might swell tho ranks of eriuto, and thus become a fourfold burden to tbo State." Such n " melancholy " statement lis the above surely ought to urge tho inhabitants of Roekhumpton to bo liberal 111 their donations towards the Now School Building Fund. Every country und evory pooplo aro, at last, fully comprolionding, that the only euro for crimo is education, and that it it tho shoot which must bo cultured and not tho decayed branches lopped away from tiio diseased trco only. If on tho scoro of economy ulono, thcro is wisdom iu laying a sound and hculthy'foundution, bucauso every putiuy laid out on schools and reformatories is a pound saved for tiio future. School houses and universities nro much plonsantor objocts to look upon tliuu lock-ups or gaols ; and who would compuro thu feelings witli which 11 man regards tlio cheerful, happy and innocant lace of that child, ho is assisting to oducuta and to kcop from the ways of tho wiuked, with thoso which rise when tlio faco of tho hurdenod criminal is staring, through tho prison bars, nnd who bo is helping to feed, lodge, and clot, lie, in order that ho lituy not rob ltis houso or cut his throat. 