TELEGRAPHIC. (ïEOM OTTB, TELEOBAPniO 00BEESP0NDENT3.) TOOWOOMBA. February 5. A GÊNÉE AL strike amongst tho mon on tho Dalby line has takon place. A number of men waitod on Mr. Groom to solicit him to represent thoir grievances to tho Govornmont. Thoy stato that thoy havo reooived no wages for the last six weoks, Mr. Groom tolographed to the Minister for Works on the subjeot. Disturbances aro reported to havo ocourrod at Dalby, and additional police assistance has boen applied for. Tho following candidates havo boon nomi- nated to tho Municipal Council :-Central Ward-Messrs. Groom and Brown. South Ward-Messrs. Frazer, Barry, Godsoll, and O'JIeefo. North Ward-Messrs. Bird, Grigg, and Honoychuroh. EOOKHAMPTON. February 5. The Municipal oleotions oamo off to-day. Tho following is the result of tho nominations : Mr. Hunter roturned unopposed for Archor Ward. T. M. Patorsoù roturned unopposed for Leichhardt Ward.- For Fitzroy Ward, MesBrs. Morgan, Jones, and Shmidt woro nomi- nated. A poll will tuko placo on Tuesday next. Some good spoeimons of quartz wero brought in to-day from Morinish. BOWEN. February 5. Bowon was visited on Sunday evening by a tromendouB thunderstorm. The rain and wind wcro most violent, and did considorablo damage to iron-roofod buildings. Tho nominations to the Munioipal Council took place to-day. Thero woro throo vacancies, for which soron candidates woro nominated. The Hero has not yet made an appearance. No news from tho prospecting parties at present. SYDNEY. February 5. The bushranger, Captain Thunderbolt, robbed the Northern mail yesterday. Eight hundred bales of wool have been des- troyed by fire on the station belonging to the Pastoral Association, Darling River. Three bushrangers have been captured near Cowra. A new lead has been discovered at the Wed- din Mountain diggins. Five shops at the corner of Essex and George streets were burned last night. The Diamantina sailed to-day for Brisbane. MELBOURNE. February 5. The bills stolen from the Oriental Bank have been recovered. The Government intends proposing the adoption of ad valorem duties and a tax on bank notes. THE proceedings at the nomination of alder- men yesterday, will be found fully reported in another column. The contrast which the nomi- nation offered whon compared with somo that wo havo scoff in Brisbano two or throo yoarBago was, to say tho least of it, remarkable Tho business was half got through before any con- siderable number of porsona assomblod, and fow of thoso that woro present seemed muoh in- terested in the upshot of tho affair. Still a good deal of surpriso was ovinced when tho nomination papers woro oponed and it was found that in two wards, ono of whioh repre- sents tho most important part of the oity, tho gontlomon nominated woro morely equal in num bor to tho vacancies existing, and theroforo had a walk over tho course ; that in two others thoro woro no nominations at all ; and that only in ono would thoro bo a contest. Timidly am- bitious citizens, who acted on tho precept said to havo beon enunciated by " tho virgin Queon" for tho behoof of Baleigh, and their hearts failing them did not olimb at all, looked atoach othor regretfully as thoy thought how easily thoy might havo taken their place amongst the conscript fathers of the city-if they had only known. Next time, perhaps, thoy wiU bo moro alert, and not forego their municipal privileges so apathetically. Tho Government, and not the citizens, will appoint to four seats in tho Council for the ensuing year. TnEEE very handsomo specimens of gold stated to havo beon obtained nt Bulimba, woro yostorday cxhibitod in thojWindow of Flavolle Brothers, Queen-street, and attraoted a great deal of attention and no littlo admiration. Efforts aro being mado, which wo truBt may bo successful, to form a company for tho purpose of working the ground at Bulimba. It is pro- posed, wo beliovo, to moko the shares as low as £10 eaoh. HOPES aro ontortainod that Edward Fitz- gerald will recover from tho effects of the wound that ho received. Ho was a littlo bettor yesterday. FOB tho last two or throo days the weather has been very warm and cloudy, with occa- sional heavy showers. ThO\sky presents a very threatening appearanoo, and we shall bo agroe ably disappointed if tho clouds that now hang about olear off without hoavy rain. THE promonado concert that was to havo beon givon last evening, at tho Victoria Thoatre, was again postponed until the weothor is moro Bottled. ME. H. N. DOUCHAS gave IIÍB third ontovtain mont, at tho South Brisbano School of Arts, last ovoning. It was of a similar character to thoso givon at tho Victoria Concert Hall on Saturday and Monday ovonings, and the programme was woll carriod out. Mr. Douglas rooitod " Shamus O'Brion," " William Toll," and tho " Obargo of the Six Hundred ;" " Billy Barlow's" amusing ditty was ropcatcd, and Messrs. Poole and Scott sang sovoral of thoir host songs. Tho part of tho ontortainment, howovor, which scorned to afford most pleasuro to tho audience was Mas soy's jookoy hornpipe, whioh was most warmly applauded. AT tho Boyal Alexandra Thoatro, a now bill was presented last ovoning. Tho first pioco was Sheridan Knowles' play of "William Toll." Tho intorludo comprised dancing and Bulging by Madomoisollo H. Blako and Mr. Ramsay, and Miss Lourine. The farco of a " Ghost in spite of Himself," concluded tho ontortainment. The attendance was rathor thin. To-night tho samo programme will bo gono through. WE have to aoknowlodgo tho rocoipt of a very fino bunch of grapes from Mr. Weekes, of Bollo Mount, Bulimba. Tho varioty was black Prince, tho bunch weighing 3£ lbs. In this instanco, tho fino appoaranco (oven of this usually fine grape) was tho moro noticeable from tho fact that tho vino whioh boro it is only two years from tho cutting. Mr. Weokes boliovos in tho singlo bud system of propagation and long pruning. As the samplo shown us was a speci- men of his system, it merits attention from all vignorons. ONE of tho reoroationB now very gonorally indulged in on board emigrant ships is the bringing out of a weekly newspaper. Scarce a vessel arrives at Brisbano that has not kopt a record of this kind of a moro or less amusing charaoter. The Vanguard has not been behind hand in this respect, and seems to havo had no loss than two journals. We don't know what has become of one of them, or whothor it was discontinued after a fow issues, but wo have had tho ploasuro of seoing the other, whioh boars tho title of The Man at the Wheel, edited by Mr. S. Polo, and printod at the Courier General Printing Office, It ÍB woll up to the standard of salt-water journals, and will no doubt possess much interest for the pas sengers by the Vanguard and their friends. IN the Government Gazette of Saturday last it is announced that the annual rents of the undermentioned runs in the Darling Downs district have been appraised for renewed leases at the amounts specified :-Richard Dines, Mo- rawa, £40 ; Malcolm Charles Machardy, Daan- dine, £500; George Thorn, Braumer Forest, £90 ; George Thorn, Kogan Creek, £100 ; John Brown Watt and J. Young, Wambo Forest, £215 ; John Brown Watt and J. Young, Wiembilla, £41 13s. 4d. ; John Brown Watt and J. Young, Upper Wiembilla, £41 13s. 4d. ; Malcolm Charles Machardy, Picardah, £40 ; Malcolm Charles Machardy, Bentland, £50 ; Malcolm Charles Machardy, Myal Grove, £40 ; George Thorn, Warra Warra, £216 13s. 4d. ; the New Zealand Australian Land Company (limited), Chinchilla, £350 ; J. B. Watt and J. Young, Yamo, £66 13s. 4d. ; Malcolm Charles Machardy, Tieryboo, £200; John Ferrett, Wal- lan, £333 6s. 8d. ; Malcolm Charles Machardy, Dogwood, £83 6s. 8d. ; Malcolm Charles Machardy, Hookswood, £50 ; the New Zealand Australian Land Company (limited), Wongon- gera, £200; John Ferrett, East Tchanning, £83 6s. 8d. ; W. Miles, Doolackah, £220; W. Miles, Langsland, £50; W. Miles, Scotland, £55. THE following figures show the weekly state of Hor Majesty's Hulk Proserpine, and at St. Holena, Moreton Bay, from 28th January to tho 3rd February, 1867, inolusivo :-Total since last return, 52; decrease sinco, 1 ; total now, 51. THE following is a report of the state of the Lunatio Asylum for the wock endiug tbo 2nd February, ,1867 :-In tho house at last return, 98 males, 38 females ; remaining, 98 malos, 38 omalos ; total, 136. ABOUT 10,000 sheep (says tho Dally Herald of tho 2nd instant), passed through Dolby on Tuesday morning last, en route for Carrabah ; and yostorday morning over 12,000 passed from Westbrook, en route to Bandango. Tho above sheep during the drought wero travollcd in order to keop them alive, and, after boing shorn are now returning to their respective stations. THE Queensland Tintes^ states that, in reply to a letter addressed last November to the Sar- J veyor-Gonoral by Mr. Benjamin Cribb, requoBt ing that 8500 aores of land adjoining the Agri- cultural Eoservo and Mount Flinders Btation, on the Warwick road, Bhould bo put up for sale by auction, a communication has just beon re- ceived to the effect that tho land will be offorod for solo on the 4th and 7th of next month. This is good nows for our agriculturists, who will do well to get all their spare cash togother for the occasion. THE weather since Friday has beon moro or less showery, but no considerable quantity of rain has fallen : it seems to have hold up pre- cisely at the time when a further continûanco might havo caused injury to tho crops. As the new moon comos in early this morning, and last night's sunset seemed indicative of fair weather, it is probablo that the cotton-picking season will commence under very favorable oiroum- ' st ancos.-Queensland Times. ON tho part of tho up-country residents, the Darling Dotons Gazette complains in very strong terms of the detention of the mails during the reoont storms, and sums up with tho . following observations :-" Wo simply express the univorsal opinion of tho publio of those dis- tricts whon wo state that tho noglcct in forward- ing tho up-country mails is utterly diegraooful to the department to which that duty bolongB, and would have been sovoroly punished had tho ofiendor beon a private contractor, instead of a Government official. Tho matter is too sorious to ho passed over without notice and allowed to stand as a procèdent for the future. Should tho Executivo not take stops to provont such injury and injustice to the publio, who havo to pay both . for the Ballway and the Post Office, it will bo tho duty of tho Parliamentary representatives . of tho Darling Downs and Western Districts to bring the subject under tho attention of the Legislature." THEOUGH tho courtesy of the District Eegis trar, Mr. Murphy, we (D. D. Gazette) havo obtained a momorandum of tho numbor of births, marriages, and deaths in tho Drayton and Toowoomba district for the quarter ondod 31st Decombor. During that period thero woro 125 birtliB, 69 being of males and 56 of females. Thero were 65 deaths, 40 males and 25 females. The numbor of marrioges that took place during the quarter was 17. ANOTHER VICTIM TO INTEMPERANCE. -An inquest was held by J. C. White, Esq., P.M., of Toowoomba, on Saturday, the 2nd February, touching the death of Patrick Brennan, found dead in the bush, having evidently committed suicide on or about the 24th January, when he was last seen alive. It appears that Brennan, who is a native of Ireland, was a sailor, sup- posed to have run away from the Young Aus- tralia—about 5 foot 6 inches in height, brown hair, and beard—was employed washing sheep at Westbrook, and about Christmas last took to drinking, which induced a fit of horrors, from which he never entirely recovered. He was in the habit of wandering about in the bush bare footed, and on the 24th January called at three different sheep stations, drawing attention to his strange conduct and incoherent remarks. On that day, from the position of the body, which was carefully examined by Mr. Scholfield, of Westbrook, who resides at Oakey Creek, and under whom Brennan was at work, it appears that Brennan deliberately climbed a small gum tree, and on a projecting limb fixed the end of a stray saddle strap, the other end of which being formed into a running noose, he passed over his head and placed under his right ear; he then loosed his grasp of the tree and re- mained suspended, his extremities being about two feet from the ground. The body was fear- fully decomposed. The Police Magistrate sent a constable with a man to see the body de- cently interred. This occurrod about twenty miles from Toowoomba, about three miles away from the Oakey Creek station.—D. D. Gazette. THE buying of agricultural land by auction is rapidly falling into disuse, and giving placo co selection on lease. Tho Wanoick Argus of the 1st instant, commenting on this fact, says : " The result of tho Govornmont sale of land, which took placo in Warwick on Tuesday laBt, betokens great changes in tho manner in which the public lands aro honceforth to bo disposed of. It has been the practico hitherto to sell almost all tho land under tho hammer, and a largo amount bas annually acorued to tho re venuo from this source ; but the introduction of now moasuros has put a decided damper on, public solos as a means of onoouraging purcha- sers. Wo need only point to the fact that, at the Bale held hero on Tuesday last, out of 66 country, portions of good laud put up at auction, tho areas ranging from 30 to 80 aores, only ono bona fide purohaso was made of 51 acres, pay- ment being made in land orders. Ono thing is certain, that if tho colony should oven loso a fow thousands a year by adopting tho system of doforred payments (which, by tho bye, is the propor definition of the moaning and intention of tho Act, which has not a leasing clause in it at all), the revenuo will bo considerably augmontcd by other sources aaising from the working of the Act. An increase of agricultural population is what is required to utilise the land, and render it productive for the benefit of all classes." NOTWITHSTANDING our position near the sea- board, and the market which the principal city in tho colony might bo oxpected to afford for such an article as« fish, tho Dalby folk seem to bo much better off for a supply of that article. Our latest dato to hand of the Dalby Herald soys :-" On Tuesday last two enterprising men who had beon singularly fortunate at the Con- damine Eiver, and in Myall Creek, brought a dray load of cod, bream, and porch, into town for solo ; and found many eager purchasers. Thoso mon, in tho space of three or four hours caught no loss than four hundred weight of fish, and thoy sold tho greater part at 6d. per pound. It is to bo hoped that thoy will cast their uots often, and if they can make a reduotion in the prico, thoy will doubtless find that their occupa- tion will be highly remunerative.'1 THE Peale Downs Telegram of the 22nd in- stant says :-Yesterday afternoon a tro mendouB Btorm of wind, hail, and rain, accom- panied with heavy thundor, visited Clormont and its vioinity, completely inundating the town and making an addition to tho lagoon of seve- ral feet. Trees were knocked down, tubs and almost ovory othor moveablo article carno float- ing down Druinmond-Btreot, and the bark and iron from the roofs of tho houses were seen flying in all directions, which caused a tempo- rary stoppage of business. We woro ontirely flooded out of the printing-office, whioh has caused a delay of six or seven hours in the bringing out of the Telegram. ABOUT 3 p.m. on Wednesday, writos tho Borna correspondent of tho Darling Downs Gazette, the olouds, whioh for days had boon hanging about and tantalising us, suddenly seemed to havo fixed upon Borna as their meeting-place, and hurrying togethor from tho west, north, and north-east, mot with, a craBh of thunder ovorhead, followed by a deluge ot rain. Flash after'flash of lightning, and one continued roll of thunder, with torronts of descending water, lasted for about two hours, and whon this tumult had rolled away tho voice of the oreek made itself hoard, and a low mut- tering sound told that it was coming down. Suoh a tempest aa this was doos not do much good to tho country. The rain is too heavy and runs off too quickly to soak in. In fact, on the morning succeeding this heavy fall, those who took the trouble to put a spado into tho ground discovered that the moist uro had not penotroted to the depth of three inches. But, if we have not got much gross, wo havo, at all events, a twelve-monthB1 Bupply of water. A very great number of snakos came down with the stream, Mr. Coffey, now travoUing inspector for the dis- trict, informs me that after this storm, tho num- bor of fish, somo of them cod of enormous size, floating doid down the Balonne was per- fectly incredible On the 17th instant a man named M'Gill carno by his death in a singular manner. Dr. Smith happened to be passing through Bendemere run, when the proprietor, Mr. M'Farlane, joined him, and nflked him to look at tho body of a man lying in an adja- cent hut. Upon examination, Dr. Smith found the man to have boen dead some hours. The floor of the hut WOB covered, to tho depth of" two inches, with very fino dust. The deceased had, in a fit, fallon face downwards, and his nostrils and mouth woro completely choked up by this dust. In his attempts at respiration, it hod even plugged up his windpipe. The de- ceased had boon employed on the Wallann station, and was travelling in search of em- ployment. CHINAMEN continue to arrivo, and it is clear that an extonsivo immigration of those perse- vering gold-hunters has set in. We hear that on the now Uno of road, along which largo numbers havo lately passed, thoy hovo, like human locusts, dovourod ovorytbing eatable, so that tho European traveller fares rather badly juBt at present. About thirty Celestials arrived at the Wo'l Camp the other night, and mado the air resound with ourses both loudtmd deop, at finding no moat WBB to bo got within twenty five milos. Fortunately, howovsr, tho shanty keoper at that ploce know a favorite haunt.of kangaroo in the neighborhood, and going out with his gun, was enabled to bring down an enormous " old man " in a very short time. This he handed to the Chinamen, and within two hours, as their cateror quaintly expressed it, thoy dovourod tho beast " rump and stump." It is rather surprising how civilised John ia becoming. Ho drinks his nobbler " liko a man," and tho publicans on the road avor that what with a glass or two all round, and tho rations supplied at remunerativo prices, tho Chinese aro oxcellent customers. " They como in such Bwarms, you soo, that if they don't got drunk thoy aro not by any moans small cus tomors."-P. D. Telegram, January 22. 