In taxation it has been long discovered tliat -two 'find -two do not always malre four— tljat jto double taxes on articles of Tjecfissarjr use or of luxury, is not necessarily to. double /the revenue. .Our Queensland legislators 3o not seem tonnderstand this: and in attempting to double the amount of i-eve- j nue derived froai our imports, tbeyseem to i hav^ succeeded only in reducing it. We | sliaii' ;&6t' %e a^je jFor ar'week or Vwo to give j full returns on the subject, or to make an ! acijf^te .cpmparativ.e . .si^lfinsent^pf the j Te^enue 'deriyed from .- Cu§.tpms this qaarter | ^jth #ie l^quarierj or iibejcorre^ofidmg; ; quSi^ter of Idst y^ry tet frorn the ' ' Guar ^iatf^^^ifiary for En^^d-^^iikei.'tbe foljomng^ which is ^significant of wh at the qu^raa-'s returns will prove wliensethey are mado|u^^^fl^lien we find tlie receipts ' tuta^ng dp^ from j£I37,000 in the month of Oitober to JE76,7bO in the following Tnont|, we ; instinctively begin to inquire Abje.a^^e^pMie ishprtcoming. — On running ove^'the figures furnislied to us by our re por^Vf tlieiirst 'thing thiat struck us was falling oiF of trade with the home country One ship, the ' Spitfire,' a com paratively smatl '%essel ;of '441 tons, has been the oulyarrival during the month of November. Hgr^eargo consisted principally of iron, maGhinfety, land grog, while the' morp . valuable .. imports of drapery^ y soft goods, &c.;, were'merely nominal, which ac counts for 'some share of - the 'last month's deficiency. But ihe Custom House-returns show a difference of ..imports of drapery alone bya falling^ff of £22,800 ; and with the exception ^fi^our,^ Jea, ' and sugar, almost every ottfer item'ipf import exhibits a deficit- as ^^inpareid'Tvltlji the month of November . From these ^figures and items, we learn tlisit 'whatever of the decrease of i£lfe?3Bnglish trade te'ay havO arisen frOin tlie effects o^f the; crisis atiiome^ vthebnly brisk trade in the colony has been in articles exempted from., or not- afibcted by tbe ad valorem duty.' We do not-lnfer frotn ,this that the in creased and npw duties alone have caused this falling off from the imports. If the . duties had remained the same, or had -even been reduced, there would bo doubt ha,ve been exhibited ia great decrease ; but it is fairly to be: inferred that the diitifes have agisted largely to increase that falling away ; and at the' time they were imposed, 'it was calculated land pointed out by persons in and : out of rParliament that such would be their effect. .If the .times had been prosperous, ! considering tlie causes which made addi tional taxation necessary and the previous rate of taxation, it would not have been less a disgraceful thing to impose such addi tional taxation. But-at a time of financial difficulty, -when general bankruptcy and distress seemed to. be staring in the face of the people, to impose fresh taxation toj carry on such 'swindles' as the Warwick | railway, was as stupid as it was cruel- — crushing the weak and struggling, without making any, appreciable difference in the sum received at the Treasury. The exigen cies of ⅈ extravagant Oovernnjent, and not : the condition pf the tax-payer, have been the only thing t^biigb tof by our rulers. Reckless ? in spending, they have been as reckless and indifferent as to how the money was raised to spend, and in their blind eagerness to get money have impoverished the public estate, damaged industries, and all but ruined the trd.de ou which a portion of their income depended. 4 It is biigh Jtiine 'some moVement was ma.de to bring pressure to bear on the Govern ment and on. the Legislature, with a view to obtain a reduction and a readjustment of 'taxation in this colony. The taxes are now so heavy that people are either being frightened or .driven out of the colony by: them, and the burden has every week to be divided amongst a fewer number of people, j tbus constantly impartingadditional strength I to the reasons for escaping from the colony ?as quickly as may be ; and so again adding j to the difficulties of living in it honestly and : with happiness. Such a movement would be directed first to the reduction of taxation by the reduction of all unnecessary expenditure ; secondly^ to insist that all works of a purely 'local character such as railway works,' should not be ' constructed by money taktn from, tbe revenue, but from money derived from the sale, of debentures alone,' and that if- debentures did not sell, the works should Wait until they did ; and thirdly, that tbe interest of such debentures should be borne alone by the districts bene fitted by the expenditure. These proposi tions are very moderate^ very sensible, and very just ; but .it does not follow the^ will be accepted the more readily oh that ac count. A great number of people are inte rested -in the continuance of the present systemjrand like many another iniquity in which the cupidity of man is engaged, it will not be without a hard struggle, and we fear a long struggle, that the infamous policy which has beggared and all but ruined thisjaplony will be brought to an end. '' ? — - ? — T ? — . . ?! AlSpBtiic meeting was held at Brisbane 011 the 17th December last, for the purpose of adopting measures for the discovery of a gold-field, if such exist, in the neighborhood of Brisbane. AmOngst other resolutions, one was passed that the Government should ?ibe solicited to offer a reward to assist im the attainment of tbe object in view. It was no't ^o be expected that in - public meeting in«Briebane . any- in terests: beyond Brisbane interests should be cared for,- and. it was ~Pnly?in harmony wiifr tbe spirit which has , ^ver peryaded^the capital 'atid Jwhicb has j been its curse and ruin, that it sbould be | indifferent to the welfare of the colony at ] large^ and seek only its own immediate ad '^aoj^gfe I' -iwif .Wbe been expected 4hat the G overnmen t, for its own reputa tion, and ^^lly fp% the best interests of tlo polony, Bn^laS^^^luded, would have taken -u, wider view jofr%be matter, and if it were cons idferPd ia^fMsable to render assistance in the way suggested, have at once aunounced that such assistance would be proffered not only to such part of the -'colony as would «ause -Bxisban-| to be the place chiefly . bene- fitted^ but fo the- whole of Queensland. But ; our Southern Government could see nothing beyond Southern interests ; their broadest views of duty, their highest statesmanship, is to care f or j themselves and for those who help them to offices of profit and power. A Cabinet Couocil having solemnly sat upon the resolutions, the foliowing is the result : ' Colonial Secretary's Office, Brisbane, 1866. Sir, — Having reference to the interview granted by the. Colonial Secretary to yourself and other gentlempp* on the 20l.1i instant, whereat you placed -before the Minister the-copy of certain resoluiions adopted -at a general meeting on the 17th instant, -convened for the purpose of devising measures for the discovery of: a gold field iu the vicinity of Brisbane, I am directed to inform you that the Golonial Secretary, -having placed the, matter before the Cabinet Council, will shortly cause a notice to be issued,1 offering j* reward .. of . Three Thousand Pounds to any one who shall, within the next four months, from the date of such notice, discover a payable gold-field in the Southern district of the colony. Such reward, however, being contingent upon, the amount being granted by Parliament oh the application of the Government. I have tbe honor to be, Sir, your obedient Servant, A. W. Manning, under Colonial 'Secretary.- The Right Worshipful the Mayor of Brisbane.' The Government, it will be seen, have actually the effrontery to propose that a reward of £8000 shall be paid out of a fund to which we all contribute, and to deprive all but one district of any chance of win ning the reward, or the greater reward which it is, intended by the prize to secure. ! The tiling is so monstrously unjust we can ; scarcely believe the Government serious in the matter, Specially when we read that Parliament is to. be asked to sanction the offer. The Parliament endorse such a shameful -proposal ! We can . believe the Parliament ean sanction hot a little wrong doing, but we have never gone so far as to impute that it was capable of approving of such a pure specimen of selfishness as this. When the Colonial Secretary,, at the beginning of tbe year, visited Maryborough, a deputation that waited upon him urged the desirableness of a Government reward being offered for' the discovery of a payable gold-field,- not in this district specially, but in any part . of the colony.. Brisbane was not then suffering great depression, and Mr. Magalister could not, or would not, see. that lt' was:expedient for the Government to offer such inducement to prospecting, or that any good would come of it if the Government did. We verily believe, if an effort had been made by the Government in a practical fashion to discover gold ffelds, and to assist the working of them through the length and : breadth of the colony, the present financial embarrassments of the. Government would not have occurred — an impetus would have been given to the development of this resource, : and wealth would have been derived from it, which , would , have carried the colony safely through its present difficulties ; but at that time the expenditure on Southern Bail ways was in full swing, and that was ; a fine -gold for the Southern district, and ! nothing out of that district and nothing j futnre was thought of, and so the attempt to induce the Government to do something to foster and establish a great productive industry throughout the - colony failed. When we thus see how everything is sacrificed to Southern interests, is it to be wondered that colonists who are neglected, or remembered only to be plundered, should sec, with satisfaction, the blind selfishness of Southern people and the Southern Government, bring down upon them the mischief and misery they were so indifferent abont causing to others. Is it to be wondered at that there should be a feeling of complacency, on bearing of the reverses and misfortunes, the losses of trade and the falling away of the population in the Southern parts of the colony, in the minds of those, who have so long suffered these reverses,, misfortunes, and losses by the selfish conduct of the governing South — of satisfaction such as one feels on hearing that justice has overtaken some great wrong doer, and that he is suffering condign pun ishment-^— or that there should be a hope that until a reformation is manifest, and truer, juster, and more liberal sentiments prevail in the South towards the rest of the colony, ! its misfortunes and distresses should find no relief — know no end. ? Q The same hand that favored us with an article on Christmas, has sent: us the following: — ' Before these lines are in print, the last i night of 1866 and the first of 1867 will have passed away. While we write them we hear from house and humpy, and in the street, the insane noises that announce the death of one year and the birth of another. The King is dead— long live the Eing ! and so we go on to the end. 'Here a hand grenade just let off j under our window by some idiot, put a stop to ! the pathetic vein we intended inducing in, , and a knock at the back door of our office startled us from our reverie we had begun to ' fall into. ' If you'll wait the door shall be opened iu_an instant;' we cried. ' Oh, no occasion for that,' said a tall grim 1 figure, pale as a ghost, inside the room before i we could utter an editorial Jack Robinson — ' I've come through the keyhole.' : We are usually astonished at nothinr, but he announcement rather took us aback ; however, we said cooly, ' You have the advantage of us — who on earth are you?' ' On earth, ha ha.' laughed a hollow voice. ' I'm the ghost of 1866.'- We looked at our watch, the hands of which stood at one nineteenth of a/ second past mid night, and we shivered though the thermometer stood at at 212- Fahrenheit, but we managed to ask with a stutter, 'What do you want?' ' 1 want you to write tiiy history.' said our visitor. - : ' - .- - . ,? - 7 ' Just what we were about, and we should have furnished it before, but for those con-'' : founded pots and pans and guus, which must annoy you as well as'ourselves:'' - ' I hear nothing, I am dead to all but you.' ' Well you're just the sort of party to put us -up to a wrinkle ; give us a hint.' . . ' I hoped,' replied the ghost, you remem bered me and the events of my life with affec tion enough not to need a hint.'' v V Remembered you with affection' we sneered, 'We should ,;like.?tp know-why?' . .-*' Me'i^drims miymn bonuM' replied the ghost, v . t ' We?l;- then, if Jthbt's^ the pase'Vvwe said, 'you must be;satiafied with no ootice at all.''; As we said this, the departed year sighed and spoke thus— ' You have tbe rain and the suu shiue to be thankful for: the good seasons I gave you; tbe life 1 hive left you; and you call all'these nothinjg.' ..' 'Thtere's something iti th-^t,' said we, but you don't say -anything about taxes or Macaiister; or stamp duties, or railways, or debt, or Jordan, or fifteen shillings a week without rations, or starvation.' ' Dou't blame me for those things,' said the j old year. ' Come, come, old fellow,' we answered, ' be consistent: if you are to be thanked for your blesfiugs you must be content to be blamed for your curses, though you are a ghost.' ' Don't be irreverent,', .said the ghost sternly, 'you are but a scribbler.' \- We picked up a heavy letter of Bon Accord's, and threw it at the old year's' head,, but it passed- clean through him, and we trembled.' ? j ' That missile would have ended a mortal's life,' said the ghost, shaking his head at us ; then he continued, ' If you go on like this you won't get much out of me for your article on Wednesday.' 'Perhaps not,'- we replied, ' but what again are you here for ; what would you like us to say about you on Wednesday ?' 'On Wednesday— and on Wednesday — and on Wednesday — so. you go on for ever, while T and my ancestors and children die yearly for you and your's.' ' You forget we come out on Saturday too,' we said. A sulphureous stench filled oar nostrils, which we took to be an indication of the ghost's indignation at the dulness of our per ception. ' You have no soul,' said he. ' Well, and you've no body, so we are as well off as you any day,' retorted we, chuck ling. ' You and your like have made capital of me and mine January after January from time immemorial ; as we have one by one died away from your sight we have beep used to point your morals and adorn your tales, as if you had got rid of something loathsome,, and yet you hail with joy and expectation our every successor, knowing full well how, if you sur vive him, he too will be treated when he is dying and dead; — but my time is up, outside the house is the heir of all the ages ; welcome him and use him better than you have his forefathers. Adieu.' We had uot expected this sudden departure, and just ai we were begiuning to writs out Qur shorthand notes of this extraordinary conver sation, in came tbrongh the editorial box a young- looking lad, his face streaming with perspiration and blackened with gunpowder, and radiant with joy. ' Good day,' said we, ' what's your busi iness ?' ' I'm 1867 1 it's funny you don't know me, eh?' ' ' Oh ! we know you, you're just like your lamented parent was at your age. What's the news, young feller?' ' Oh ! nothing y*et. What are you going to say about me?' 'We shall notice your birth and describe your appearance. What makes your face so black?' ' Ob ! only a lot of noodles who insisted upon waiting till I was born and fired a salute in my face,' said 1867. ' You seem quite hot, too,' said we. ' Of course 1 do ; instinct seems to tell me there should be snow on the ground this morning — Christmas and Midsummer have no business to come together; but I came in to tell you and your-readers to make the most of me they doot know if they will ever see another like me, though I wish tbey may see my children's children, and enjoy themselves right merrily in the company of many and maiiy a New Year. \- The ordinary monthly meeting of the Wide Bay Benefit. Investment and Building Society will be held this evening, at the Secretary's office. New Year's Day. — Time will not allow us to do more than mention the fact that the Regatta came off yesterday morning. Several heavy showers fell in the course of the day, which did not interrupt the course of the pro ceedings, but considerably lessened the number of spectators, and marred the day's pleasure for those who did attend. The racing was very good — a full report will appear in our next ; as also (for the above reason) an account of the school feasts of the Church of England and Wesleyan Church Sunday Schools, which came off the same day. The relief camp which has for some time past been established near the town, at the end of this week is to be broken up. Lately from sixty to eighty men. have found employment in this way, and it is a question of some moment what such a large number of hands suddenly thrown out of employment are to do in so -small a community. 'A committee of the working men sat on Monday evening, to consider of their future course, when it was resolved that- a deputation should wait upon Mr. Austin, who is expected by the steamer this week, to learn from him what probability there is of the water supply works being soon commenced, and whether the work will be executed by Government or by contract We trust there will be no delay about commencing this work; in fact, we cannot believe the Government would abolish the relief camp if they did not intend to provide iu this better way for the distress which otherwise must inevitably follow. Numbers are still leaving the colony for the Weddin diggings, New Zealand, and elsewhere. Along the railway works there seems to be quite a panic among the men ; many who aro in permanent employment appear to he as much affected as those who are only temporarily engaged, and though inducements are held out to them to remain until the works are campleted they refuse to do so, but pack up and clear out. Men in receipt of ten and eyeu eleven shillings a day are rhrowing up tffeir employment, thinking probably as soon as tho railway is finished they will he no longer required. A glance at the departures in our shippiog intelligence will show the state of affairs. Two hundred passengers left in the steerage of the ' Telegraph ' on Friday, arid shout fifty in the ' Florence Irving' on the day after. If this kind of thing coutinues much longer, it will be 'every man his own every thinsr.'- — Queensland Times. The committee .who desire to prosecute Mr. Eyre have discovered that they cannot hope to dp so without £10,000, for which, therefore f they are now sending round the hat. But the sort of folk who gush, and weep, and howl over Quashibungo, are not the sort of people who are very ready to draw cheques, and it may be that the raising of the fund will take some time, unless, for-a political reason some of. the ; leaders tmke up the moneys Neither liberal nor Tory Government, will have anything to do with the prosecution., Mr. Forster, tbe Radical member for Bradford, who held office uuder Earl Bfuslel!, had the courage to declare ; at a . large meeting the other night that it would be wrong to. prosecute, because5 it could not be supposed %h at Jfr. Eyre acted from a wrong motive, for which candid and honorable decla ration Mr. Forster has since been furiously assniled by the fanatic negrophiles. On the other hand, the Defence Committee increases its Dumbers, and Alfred Tenuj'son, though as a sort of official -the Laureate. could not well take part in the work.lias' sent a subscription to the fund. With Carlyle, Kingsley, and Tennyson as one's friends, it seems possible to bear an unlimited quantity of yelling from other per sons. At the Wimbledon shooting this year, many Belgian marksmen came over, and were very hospitably received. Tbey were greatly pleased, and an invitation in return was given to British volunteers to go over to the Belgian tir this year. Over a thousand went, for your i Britisher is locomotive. But no one could have been prepared for the spleudid reception with : which the Belgians repaid our rough and ready camp courtesies. Tbe King, tbe officials, the people, have all vied in doing honor to the English, and magnificent entertainments, re views, aud theatrical displays, have been the features of the period, while the private hospi talities of the Belgians have been forced upon their guests. I am happy to say that tliS volunteers behaved very well on the whole, and that if some of them got 'tipsy, it was only in company with their hosts, who were gratified that such should have been the case. Tl^e Lord Mayor of London, Mr. Phillips, was sent for, and he rode about in a carriage with the King, and confirmed the continental belief tbat uext to tbe Queen the Lormaire is the greatest man in England. The organisation of the. whole business, on the part of the Belgians, was so perfect that I shudder to think of the blundering that will attend our endeavor to repay their courtesy in kind. The Weddin Mountain Rush. — Already a newspaper has been started on this new gold field, the first number of which — bearing tbe name of the Emu Greek Miner — was pub lished on Wednesday last, tbe 12th instant. From that journal we extract the following Mining Report : — ' The first lead opened up on what is generally termed Emu Creek, is now one continuous liue of golden holes for about a mile and a half. The last hoie towards the flat bottomed ou gold is at a depth of eighty feet-, and is situate at about an equal distance down the street with Messrs. Simpson and Bvrne's stores. There appears to be a break in the run just here, and before tbis shaft was bottomed it was the general opinion that the lead had run out and Mas become too much scattered to be any good. The straight line which had held out good for a mile and a half, suddenly changes at this point, but as this eighty feet shaft is bottomed on good prospects — §-dwt to tbe dish — it is now the received opinion thar the lead has every chance of running down much further, though the line may make a large obtuse angle with the old run. Several parties aie sinking night and day, and we think it pro bable in a week's time we shall see the lead running into still deeper ground. The new gully, called One Mile Gully, is now the favorite spot. Up to Monday evening three holes were bottomed on gold, one at forty feet and one at sixty feet, and the last on Monday evening we believe at sixty feet. Of tbe two first one bad a prospect of |-dwt to the dish, tbe other we believe 2 grs., and the last on Monday 6 grs.. A sample of wash dirt- was shown us thickly impregnated with gold. This gully is rushed and pegged out, and is now for a certainty a golden gully, as the shafts bottomed are some distance apart. Of tbe reefs, we bear of three being worked. Out of the two- last struck, some beautiful sample of auriferous stone were shown us. The ' wash' in the old lead varies in thickness from six inches to five feet, and is rich throughout. Its appearance seems to puzzle the most experienced miners. Some limes the best gold lies three feet from the rock — sometimes a foot — and in one case we hear tbat the rock is being taken up witb gold in it at three feet. Such are the facts — a mile and a half of rich claims on tbe old lead with every probability of the gold runni ng into deep ground in the flat, a new gully undoubtedly auriferous, with prospects as good as in the first gully, and j three reefs looking most promising. Rumors j are flying about continually of prospects being obtained in ground ten miles away, three miles, and also shallow sinking about two miles, j These, however, are mere rumors, and may or may not be true, Certain it is that we have one. of the most promising rushes ever opened in New South Wales. The country around is unpoubtedly a golden region, and it is highly probable the diggings may be extended greatly in a short time. We have not had time to examine fully the geological appearauce of the country, but we think it will be found we are on the junction' of the slate and the granite; and, if such be the case, there is an additional reasou to believe in the permanence and the richness of this field. 