PUBLIC EDUCATION. To the Editor of the Herald. SIR, Whilst accepting the explanation of Mr. Wilkins, however laboured it may appear, with regard to the Sixth B( ok of Constable's Series," yet I cannot help remarking, in the first place, that the document which he has placed before the public is dated the 25th of May, whilst the " Standard of Proficiency " was not issued from the Press until nearly three months after. How comes it that during that time no other book was substituted? How comes it that the pupils were made to walk over the same ground, advancing in everything else they remained stationary in the reading department. I cannot help thinking, secondly, that when an official of position comes before the public and ostentatiously takes the blame from the shoulders of the Council and places it upon his own, I cannot help set raising that there may be some little arrangement in the back ground which the uninitiated are not given to see. However, accepting his explanation, comes the important query, why has the 6th Book been disallowed The Council had not at that time arrived at the sublime position of " full confidence " in their inspectors, whom they appointed to draw up the " standard," and notwithstanding the genius of Jones and the literary sensibility of the other gentlemen, they had the harshness to " disallow " the 6th Book, Now, why was this book disallowed why was this book flung back to Jones? There is no possible conclusion to be arrived at, but that it was rejected on account of its open bigotry, its undisguised hate, its unsuitableness to the Catholic child Then the 6th Book is unsuitable, and the 6th is not, Well of the four passages quoted in my last letter, the worst of all, the most insulting, was from the 5th Book. I did not trouble myself at that time to look for any more ; I thought I had got enough for the public to judge of the spirit which actuates this Council towards the Catholic body, and I shut up " Constable in disgust. However, here is another " morceau" from the 5th Book; it is taken from a lesson called "The Battle of the League " : And then we thought on vengeance, And all along our van Remember St. Bartholomew was passed from man to man. In another place, the " Pilgrim's Progress " is recommended to us for perusal " on the Sabbath." I cannot help thinking. Sir, that if, in the beginning, I had given these passages from the 5th Book, suppressing those from the 6th, that it only would be disallowed by the subtle machinery of the Council. Now, I ask, why was the 6th Book rejected and the 5th retained ? Was it from ignorance of its contents ? If so, are these gentlemen fit for the responsible and delicate position they occupy ? And, if not ignorance, then I call on the public to say what is their opinion of men who could unblUshingly offer that book to a Catholic child. Sir, before proceeding in this matter of the books, allow me to remark to you and the public that it is not in any hope that the Council may again after " the standard," and thus wound the feelings of the gentle Jones, "el hoc genus on it is not in any hope that they may endeavour to supply us with books whose text may be unobjectionable. No ; as long as they deny to us the right of choosing our own books for our own Catholic Denominational schools a right which was almost implied in the "Act so long shall we protest-so long shall we remain discontented. 1 come sow reluctantly, I must confess, to the late incoherent effusion of the Rev. Mr. Barry. In speaking of the Scripture lessons now in use in the Public schools, I said, " what we do object to is the reading by Catholic children of the Protestant-or as it is called the authorised version of the Scriptures which is found in these lessons." What is the reply of Mr. Barry to this "It is not the authorised version of the Scriptures that is used in the Scripture lessons." I quote for him now from the preface to the first of these books ; it says, " The translation has been made by a comparison of the authorised and Douay versions with the original; The language sometimes of one sometimes of the other has been adopted so that it is plain that the authorized version of the Scriptures found in their lessons. In fact in many parts whole chapters are taken from the Protestant version, e. g., the 15th and 16th chapter of the " Acts of the Apostles." Now not only the children of our Church, but all the members thereof are forbidden to use for religious purposes any editions of the Scriptures, except those which have received the sanction either explicit or implicit of their respective bishops who are placed as these Scriptures declare by the " Holy Ghost to rule the Church of God." Now the placing of the Protestant version of Scripture or any portions of it, in the hands of a Catholic child is without doubt an invitation to that child, as far as his mind can grasp it, to rebel against the authority placed over him, to withdraw himself from the ruler whom the " Holy Ghost has given him." Let no one condemn the observant powers of the mind of an intelligent child. It is more logical, more acute, more comprehensive than many imagine. It draws conclusions imperceptibly but truly, and, like the African desert, sucks in- according to circumstances-the gentle sweet rain or the poisonous noxious vapour. But the audacity of Mr. Barry's next assertion calls, indeed, for a large amount of forbearance, in order that I may not be induced by my feelings to stigmatise him as a malicious perverter of the known truth. Speaking of these lessons, he says. "The Douay version is used used even in some cases where the preference makes a point against the Protestant, eg., Gen. iii, She shall crush thy head. " This is a text that is very important with us, inasmuch as it is applied to the Immaculate Mary, who, by bringing forth the Saviour of the World, truly crushed the head of the serpent and hence, in the Douay version, the text is, as he says, " She," 4c But what am I to think of Mr Barry's candour and truth?" The book is now lying open before me, and I read there plainly and legibly the Protestant translation-" It shall crush thy head." It is true the Douay note is given at the foot ; but I speak of the text of the lesson, It is the authorised version The Rev. gentleman calls upon me to specify some texts from the Protestant Scriptures used in the books of the National series. In the lesson from the third book called the Reign of Solomon," the 27th, 28th, 29th, and 30th verses from the 3rd Book of Kings are quoted from the authorised version. There are numerous other texts sprinkled all through the books which it would be tedious for me to mention. The orthography of the proper names is for the most part Protestant. In short if there were no other grave reason than the, anti- Catholic tone pervading these productions, it would be more than sufficient in the opinion of any unprejudiced man to give us just and serious cause of complaint. But, Sir, apart from the grave reasons mentioned in my former letter, apart from the ill-concealed hostility of their tone, apart from their misshapen and indefinite moral teach- ing, apart from the character of their author who has been strongly suspected from his writings of disbelief in the Trinity and Incarnation, and who has lately been shown in an almost hypocritical light, apart from these weighty reasons we have serious objections to the very text of these books. I admit that they are so skilfully put together, having been drawn up to answer a purpose, that it is not apparent at first sight how subtle is the poison, how dangerous the keen pen of the author drawn out, not as Dr. Whately would have us believe, from the wing of the dove, but from the dank plumage of some bird of prey. .' We fairly conclude' writes Mr. Barry, " that since no passage has been selected from the National books' to which exception can be made, none therefore exists sufficiently patent for detection, even to the keen eyes which searched," 1\. In the second book of the series there is this passage, very beautiful, very simple, and on this account very, very dangerous : Many kingdoms and countries full of people and islands, and large continents, and different climates, make up this whole world. The people swarm on the face of it like ants upon a hillock. Some are black with the hot sun; some cover themselves with furs against the sharp cold ; some drink of the fruit of the vine, some of the pleasant milk of the cocoanut, and others quench their thirst from the running stream. All are God's family. He knoweth every one of them, as a shepherd knoweth his flock; they pray to him in different languages, but he heareth them all." We almost imagine we hear the soft coo of the dove; but it is not so, it is the shrill discordant scream of the vulture. It is the concealed inculcation of a universal religion. The very simile which the Redeemer himself used to denote the members of His church, viz., that of the shepherd and his flock, is here extended to all Churches and modes of I worship. The natural impression it is calculated to make in the mind of a child is that all religions are equal, " For he heareth them all." Knowing as we do that the author of this passage is strongly suspected as to his belief in the Incarnation, we may give to his latent idea a very wide range indeed ; the idolatrous Hindoo, blackened with the hot sun;" the heretical Russian Church, wrapping itself in fury; the Red Indian, " quenching his thirst at the stream," all are equally acceptable as the children of the one fold over which the one shepherd presides. In the fourth book of the series, the same idea is nano wed down. Speaking of the inhabitants of Great Britain and Ireland, we find the following passage: The people of those islands have one and the same language, one and the same ? Queen, the same laws, and though they differ in their religious worship they all serve the same God.' " What idea is this calculated to make on a child. It is this We differ, it is true, in many things, but they are not essential the great point is that we serve the same God, advancing by different roads to that paternal home where all shall meet. These ideas are calculated to unhinge the very framework of society-to throw everything into chaos and confusion, and to cast the reins loose on the neck of that fierce and restless steed, the human mind. 2\. There is a lesson called the " Christian Salvation." The whole of it is a concealed advocacy of the, to us, repulsive doctrine of " Faith without works." " Salvation implies deliverance from guilt. The law denounces a penalty against those who break it. But from this penalty there is deliverance provided. Christ has expiated guilt and to those who are in him there is now no condemnation.' Their sins are forgiven." Observe that the passage does not allude to original but to actual sin, for " the law denounces a penalty against those who break it." This passage is entirely opposed to the Catholic doctrine of the forgiveness of sin, which we hold to come certainly from Christ, but in a mode which he himself has pointed out. Sir, there is no reason in the " disallowed " 6th Book of Constable's Series at all so dangerous, so objectionable tons as this. One is the open robber that scorns disguise, the other the lurking assassin-stealthy-creeping-deadly. 3\. Again, the doctrine which we hold with regard to the I veneration paid to the image of Christ and his Saints is carefully attacked in the lesson called the " Journey of the Israelites." Here it is made to appear that the image for worshipping which the Israelites were so fearfully punished, was an image of the true God, and not a Pagan divinity. It is almost incredible, but here is the passage : " Already, even whilst Moses was receiving the commands of the Most High on the mountain, the faithless people, indignant at his absence, had prevailed on Aaron to make them a graven image- intending probably to represent the true God to carry before them, and he consented, and made them a graven image, and said, These be thy Gods, O Israel, which brought thee out of the land of Egypt.' " In a note, to make the matter clearer to the children, it explains the term Gods, meaning thy great God." Now after this how can we point to a crucifix, and say to our people, "behold the God that redeemed you," without being as guilty as the Jews P But the real state of the case is, this graven image is called in the Scripture a "calf," According to St. Ambrose, Lactantius, and: a host of great authorities, it was a human figure with the head of an ox and hence its name of the Golden Calf. It was intended to represent the Pagan divinities, Astarte, Osiris, or Serapis, each of whom was thus represented. Sir, it would be tedious to proceed further with these books. They have a hero and a heroine, John Funds and Catherine of Liverpool-who are both evidently stanch Protestants-held up as models to Catholic children. There are sly hits at Rome the country round which was once cheerful and highly cultivated, but is now quite a desert." The Apostles to whose names we reverently prefix the title of Saint or Holy, are called, like Tom or Harry, Peter, Paul, John, &o.; in a word, these books are highly unsuitable, hostile, and antagonistic to us, and if forced to accept them, it can only be regarded as a refined kind of persecution, and a violation of our religious opinions. Sir, I have done for the present with these books. By and-bye I shall call your attention to other publications made important use of by the Council, not that we hope for redress from these distinguished gentlemen or their illustrious President, but from the country, which, I have no fear, will right us in its own good time. We ask nothing that we are not willing to give to others. We are ready to give any and every guarantee of non-interference with others. Leave us our own Catholic children to educate in the faith of their fathers. It is all we require it is all we ask. I have done, also, with the truthful and candid Mr. Barry. I consign him to the oblivion from which in this matter he should never have emerged, for he is, according to the poet "One of that stubborn soil, Who, if they once grow fond of an opinion, They call it honour, honesty, and faith, And sooner part with life than let it via a PATRICK FRANCIS O'FARRELL. St Mary's. 