THE ADVENTURES OF A NIGHT. From the London Journal,) In the snug parlour of tho Mogpie a goodly company woro assembled. There was Tickle, tho watchmaker ; Brown, tho grocer; Jones, tbo blacksmith, and a host of similar worthies; last and least-— but not in his own eyes — tboro was Snip, tho tailor, a man valorous and brave, bold and courageous, fearing no man — at least, this was what he said of himself. But if Snip feared not man, there was ono woman who hold him in utter subjection, and that woman wns his wife. Tho truth must bo told — tho valiant tailor was notoriously bcn-pcckcd. Tho elock struck cloven. Snip started, and gavo an alormed look around him. Thero had been an inquest at the Magpio that duy, aud the company assembled in the parlour hnd constituted the jury; the conver sation had run on such interesting topics— murders, suicides, and tbo like— that Snip hnd forgotten tho flight of time, and only awoke to a sense of his miserable situation when tbo clock struck eleven. He arose in a great tremor, and remarking that it was getting late, staggered out of the room without perceiving tbo winks and grins which circulated among his lato companions. When I10 reached tho open air everything seemed to bo performing a revolving dance arouud Mr. Snip. Tbc haystack belonging to the landlord had found a partner — for Snip was sure he saw two where only ono had been — and executed a whirling gallop. Tbo stable, tho neighbouring cottages, the inn, all wero seized with the dancing mania; even tho road appeared to have joined itself into a circle, and to be whirling madly round and round the bewildered tailor. Ho gazed awhilo at theso astonising phe nomena, and then sat down to wait until order was restored. " For," ho argued, within himsolf, "until the road returns to its proper position, how am I to fiod my way home?" Tho scat he bad dropped upon was a horse- trough, which was half filled with water, and somo say it seemed to bo as much under tho influence of tbc dancing goddess— if such there bo — ns everything clso ; for Snip felt himself twisted rapidly round two or three times, and then thrown down by his boisterous partner ; and Ticklo, tho watchmaker, coming out of tlio inn and proceeding homewards, found Snip placidly lying upon his back in tho horse-trough, half covered with water, and gazing calmly upon tho sky. This guod Samaritan assisted him to rise, nnd led him home, where ho left him to his own doviccs to obtain admission. Snip knocked at the door with a trembling hand; ho was sober cnougli now to dread tho appearance of his household deity, and to feel sure that his dripping coat would not go far towards propitiating her. No answer to bis first summons, so bo knooked again. ' No answer. Again and again be appliod bis knuckles to the door beforo be bethought him self of trying whether it was looked or no. He tried. It yielded to his touch, and Snip entered his own houso. Ho looked carefully around; no ono was visible, and ho chuckled at the idea that his wife was absent and would ncvor know how late be bad come in if be wont to bod at once. Ho had got half way up-stairs when a cun ning idea entered bis head. He would lock bis wifo out, and would make bcr humble her self to him beforo ho would allow her to ontor. That would bo funny. Ho turned back, locked tbo door, giving a drunken laugh as ho did so, and then mounted tbo stairs, still chuckling in the greatest glee. Ho undressed quickly, and was about to jump into bed, when, dreadful to relate, tbo avonger in tbo form of Mrs. Suip, suddonly appeared from behind tbo curtain at tho other side. She glared upou tlio unfortunate littlo man, and, liko tho ancient mariner, held him with her eye while she stalked round the bed, and confronted him. Then Snip saw that she brandished in her hand a goose— not tbo domestic bird of that namo, but the instru ment whioh tbc little tailor was wont to wield manfully whilo exorcising bis lawful calling. As she stood before him, be could not but infer, from tho fact that 6ho grasped the goose with an old stocking and bold it care fully from bor dress, that the goose was heated. At that thought he turned his back and fled. But bo had shut tbo door on entering tbc room, and as bo was stayed for a moment by it, ho ' felt' that his inference was correct — : the gooso # was' hot. Snip dashed wildly down stairs and made straight for tho door. Alus! in his exultation but a few miuutcs beforo ho had locked and bolted it. Tho avenger camo closo upon his hcols, still bearing tbc dreadful instrument of torture. With a yell, Suip dashed past her, and flinging up the window, squeezed himself through ; but not before receiving another fully con vincing proof that the gooso was heated. Clapping his hands upon t'»e singed part of bis person, bo rushed down tbo village street, his shirt, the only articlo of clothing ho bad on, with tbo exception of a nightcap with a largo tnssel at tho top, strcr.miug behind, and paused not in his wild eareor until ho roached the Mogpie, which ho had so lately left. But the house was closed, aud even if it bad not been, Suip could not havo shown himself in his then state of undress. He seated himself on a bench at the door of tho inn, but started up again as quickly as a jack-in-a-box. The application of tho hot goose had mado tho siitiug posture decidedly uncomfortable. In a wretched stato of mind, ho wended his way to a littlo green duck-pond, and gazed mournfully at tho water, shook his head sadly, nnd returned to his bcucb, but contented himself with looking ut it this time. A cold broozo sprang up, and tho tailor was airily clad ; ho felt ho must havo somo shelter, so ho niado_ his way to tho stables. Tbey wero locked, and ho was just about re turning to the littlo pond, when ho saw a littlo covered waggon under a shed behind tho stublcs. IIo liustenoil towards this wel come shelter, aud climbed into it; and when bo found therein a bundle of hay, his bap- pines was oxtremc. . Ho lay down cautiously, intending to keep awake and watch for the opening of tho inn, when he would borrow some clothes from tlio landlord, and then make bis way to America, where ho would never boo his dreadful wifo or her gooso again. Musing thus, ho fell fast asleep. At five in tho morning the carrier, to whom tho waggon belonged, bamessed bis horse thereto, and proceeded on bis way, uu- consoious of tho passenger slcoping under tho tilt, and most probably would have remained so to tho end of tbo journey, if bo bad not overtaken a buxom young country lasa trudg ing cheorfully on in tbo same dircotion. Of course, with, as be thought, an empty waggon, his sense of gallantry would not suffer him to allow tho young lady to continuo walking, so long as their roads lay together. So ho pulled up, and civilly offored to givo her a lift. The offer was accopted, and the damsel essayed to mount the vehiolo. But no sooner bad sbo reached tho iron stop behind tbo waggon tbao she espied poor Snip in tho . en joyment of his bundle of hay. Tho girl remained poised on ono foot upon tbo stop, and uttered a succession of shrieks. The very first awoke Snip, and that unfor tunate raised himself on his olbow in tho greatest perplexity. Ho took off his nightcap and scratched his head, staring all tbo whilo at his discovoror; then, as tho mists of sleep gradually dispersed, ho awoke to tho full horror of his situation, and pulling bis night cap tight over his brow, ho mado a desperate spring, bolted past tho affrighted female, and flew rather than ran in tho direction which led to his forsaken home. As ho noared tho village, his . strength be came axhaustcd; and although ho feared each moment to meet somo ono, ho was obliged to moderate bis paco. It was toow about oigbt o'clock, and poor Snip know that ho could not bopo to roach any Blicltcr unseen. So. ho slaekoned his pace, but to bis horror saw coming towards him two women. His first impulse was to fly, but on looking round bo saw that would bo impossiblo, the road having no outlet. So ho crouched down under tho hedge, pulled his short garment as far over his protruding limbs as it would reach, drew his night-cap over his head and faco, and awaited tbo ovent. Whon they drew near, ono remarked to the other that there was something under tho bedgo; they both came to sco what it was, and Snip, fearful of dis covery, started off again at full speed. Being blinded and deafened by tho cap drawn over his faco, ho was unaware of the approach of tho squire's carriage, containing tbat gen tleman, his wifo, and Bister, until it was closo upon him. Tho squiro looked out of the window and laughed immoderately. Tho Indies indignantly drew down tho blind ; but Snip, in bis half blind endeavours to got out of tbo way, ran to tbo other side, where be presen ted a curious spectacle. Tho wind caught his shirt in a most un pleasant manner. He endeavoured to bold it with ono hand and to relcaso his bead with tho other, but did not succeed in effeoting either object. Half frantic, ho rushed for ward at his topmost speed, tearing at bis hateful nightcap as bo went, until at last ho succeeded in making a holo to accommodate ono cyo, and to enable him to 6co a troop of boys and girls on tbeir way to school. TMb was a orowning misfortune, for tho cruelty of schoolboys is well known. As Snip ncarcd them, they for a moment were alarmed, thinking him cither a ghost, or a roadman. But when tboy recognised him, what- a shout, what a yell of delight, burst from each pair of lips. Snip felt tbat ho could take pleasure in strangling them everyone. But bo could not escape. Tho boys formed themselves into lines on oach side of tbo way, and forced tho tailor to run tlio gauntlet, pelting him pitilessly with stones and dirt. Making a last effort, he at length reached the villago, nnd looked in vain for a refuge, until ho camo to tho cooper's yard, whore two men wcro engaged in making or mending a barrel. Snip leaped past tho astonished work men into tho barrel, in such a complicated, knotted mass, tbat tho men could not extri cated bim without taking the vessel to pieces. This he besought them not to do, until they had taken bim home ; for homo seemed very desirablo now, although his dreadful wifo was thero. So tho workmen entering into the fun, rolled bim off home, followed by a yelling, shouting, whooping orowd of boys, and ragamuffins, and uncased bim in bis own kitchen. When he was released, bo looked upon his wifo moro in sorrow than in anger, for ho felt that his dignity had irretrievably. Buffered ; stalked up-stairs, stiff and weary, and was scon by no ono for a month. A remarkable euro of rheumatism is reported from Tarrengower. A resident who for two years could scarcely move about, oven with tho aid of crutches, can now walk briskly with no better help than a walking-stick, tlio remedial agent being flour of sulphur. Tho mode of application is very simple, consisting merely in dredging tho sockB with tho sulphur, so tbat that the soles of the naked feet are in continuous contact with it. In about thrco months tbis application had tho desired effect in tho case in question. The Greatest Lady in Australia. — Mr. James Herbert Bcadon, of Badger Island, in the Straits, who had beeu suffering for a long period from cancor in the mouth, died on the Gth instant, and was buried on Gun Carriage Island, wbcro his wife and somo of his children had' been previously interred. Mr. Bcadon was sixty-mno years of ago, and forty of thoso ho bad spont in Tasmania or its dependencies, tho islands in Bass's Straits. Ho married on aboriginal, by whom ho leaves two sons and two daughters, now resident at Badger Island. Misa Lucy Bcadon has been immortalised by Bishop Nixon in his very attractive work, " The Cruiso of the Beacon," a narrative of one of his missionary trips to the islands in tho Straits. Ho gives great orcdit to Miss Lucy Bcadon, and alludes to her as the "greatest lady" it has ever been his good fortuno to cu- couutcr. "Lucy Bcadon (he says), a noble- looking half casto of somo twenty- fivo years of ngc, bears tho burden of twonty-tbrco stone. Good-humoured and kind-hearted, she is every one's friend upon tho island. IJighmindcd and earnest in her Christian profession, sho has sot herself to work to do good in her generation. From tbo pure love of thoso nround her, sho daily gathers together tho children of tho sealers, and does her best to impart to them tho rudiments both of secular and religious know ledge." — r Cornwall Chroniclo.' Sam Slick's Geology.— The Clockmoker says ' ' I never heard of sccoDdury formations without plcasuro, that's a fact. The ladicB you know, arc the secondary formations, for they were formed nrter man.' 