■. -i^n ■ ' • * THE KILBA RE POOKA. _ ijp H — R——> when he was alive, luse^'fcolrve a good deal in Dublin, and he wico a great "wliil© out of lhe^ country •on account of the * Ninety-eight_ business. But the servants kept on m the big.house at Uath , all the same as if the family was at home. Well, they used to be frightened out of their lives after going to their beds, -with the banging of the kitehen-dooV, and the clattering of the fire-irons, and the pots, and plates, and dishes. One evening tliey sat up ever so long7 keeping- one another in heart ^ith telling stories about ghosts and fetches va&d.; that, when—what would you have of it ? 4-the little scullery boy that used to be ■sleeping over the horses, and couldnt get room at the fire, crept into the hot hearth, And when he got tired listening to the stories, sorra fear him, but he fell dead asleep. ell f?ymnd good, after they were all gone, andj^he J£re raked up, he was woke with the noise of ftheMtchen door, and the trampling of an ass on the kitchen floor. He peeped out, and ; what should he see, but a. big grey ass, sure enough, sitting on his currabingo, and yawn ing before the fire- After a little, he looked about him, and began scratching his ears as if he was quite tired, and says he, ' I may as well begin first as last/ The poor boy's teeth began to chatter in his head, for says he, * Now he's goin' to ate me ;'' but the fellow with the long ears and tail on him had some thing else to do. He stirred up the fire, and then he brought in a pail of water from the . pump, and filled a big pot, that he put on the fire before he went out. He then put in his hand—foot, I mean—into the hot hearth, and . pulled out the little boy. He let a roar out of>him with the fright, but the pooka only looked at him, and thrust out his lower lip to show how little he valued him, and then he pitched him into his pew again. Well, he then, lay down before the fire till he heard the boil coming on the water, and maybe t there wasn't a plate, or a dish, or a spoon on j the dresser that he didn't fetch and put into i the pot, and wash and dry the whole bilin' of 'em as well as e'er a kitckenmaid from that toDublin town. He then put all of them up in their places on the shelves, and if he didn't give a good sweepin' to the kitcnen after all, leave it till again. Then he comes and sits fornent the boy, let down one of his ears and eockedup the other, and gave a grin. The $Oor fellow strove to roar out, but not a dheeg7 ad come out of his throat. The last ~ thing the pooka done was to rake up the fire, and walk out, giving such a slap o1 the door, that the boy thought the house couldn't help tumbling down. Well, to be sure, if there wasn't a hlill&bullo; next morning when the \- poor €eilOTir told his story I They could talk of nothing else the whole day. One said' one thing, another said another, bat a fat, lazy scjillery girl said the wittiest thing of all. *Musha!' says she, * if the pooka does be cleaning up everything that way when we're asleep, what should we be slaving ourselves far,.doing his work?' 'Sha gu dheine,' says another, 'them's the wisest words you ever said, Kautfa : it's meself won't contradict you/ So said so done. Not a bit of a plate or dish saw a drop of water that evening, and not a 'besom was laid on tbe floor, and every one went to bed soon after sundown. Next morn ing everything^ was as fine as fire in the kitchen, and the lord mayor might eat his dinner off the flags. It was great ease to the lazy servants, you may depend, and every thing went on well till a foolhardy gag of a boy said he would stay up one night and have a chat with the pooka; He was a,, little daunted when the door was thrown open, and the ass marched up to the fire. He didn't open his mouth till the pot was filled, and the pooka lying snug and saustjr before the fire. 4 Ah then, sir!'says he, at last, picking up courage, * if it isn't, taking a liberty, might I ax you who you are, and why you are so kind as to do half of the day's work for the girls -etfery night P' 4 No liberty at all,' says the pooka, says he: 4 I'll tell you, and become. I was a servant here in the time of Squire E/a father, and was the laziest rogue that ever was clothed and fed, and done nothing for it. When my time came for the .other world, this is the punishment was laid on me—to come here, to do all this labour every night, and then go out in the cold. It isn't so bad in the fine weather, but if you only knew what it is to stand with your head between your legs facing the storm, from midnight to sunrise on a bleak winter night!'—1 And could, we do ^s^thing for yaur comfort, my poor fellow ? ' 'otifa the, boy—4 Musha, I don't know," says the pooka; 4 but I think a good quilted frieze xCoat would help to keep the life in me, them long nights/-^-' Why then, in troth, we'd be the ungratefulest of .people if we didn't feel for you/ To make a. long story short, the next night but two the boy was there again; and if he didn't delight the poor pooka, hold ing up a fine warm, coat before him, it's no matter! Betune the pooka and the man, his legs were got into the four arms of it, and it 'was buttoned down his breast and his belly, §nd he was so pleased, he walked up to the glass to see how he looked. 4 Well,' says he, 'it's a long lane that bias no turning. I am IBUCjb obliged to yourself and your fellow aerrai^ts. Yous have made me happy at last: good night to you. So he was walking out, but tfate other cried, *Och ! sure you're going too $0on : what about the washing and sweep ing ? Ab, you may tell the girls.that they most now get their turn. My punishment was to last till I was thought worthy of a revykrd for the way I done my duty, You'll see roe no more/ And no more they did, and riffht sorrv thev were for being in such a hurry rpward the ungrateful Dooka. —.Legendary Fiction of the Irish Celts. Collected by Patrick Kennedy. 