CONGREGATIONAL UNION MISSION OF TASMANIA. AND The general Council of the Congregational Union commenced its sittings on Tuesday morning, at the school room of Brisbane-street Congregational Chapel, at ten o'clock. The Chairman, the Rev C. Price, of Launceston, commenced the proceedings by reading a portion of Scripture, the Rev G. Clark offered prayer. The Chairman read an excellent address, in which he first greeted the pastors, and ofiSce bearers of the represented churches ofthe Union, and vividly sketched the changed aspects of religious ordinances in general, and of Congregationalism in particular, since his settlement in the colony. Referring to the principles of that community he said :—" The Congregational Body has not been unmindful of its responsibility, as holding distinctive principle!, or of its duties to its brethren in newly located and scattered districts. Efforts nave been made to locate ministers in situations where their influence and teaching would be most efficiently employed. In some cases, these new interests have called for great personal sacrifices in the ministers undertaking the charges, and a consecration to the arduous work which could only be sustained by the purest motives, and sincerest desires that God should be glorified." Having paid a graceful tribute to the departed pioneers of the voluntary principle in this colony, he continued. "The difficulties, in a new country, of organizing self-sustaining churches are very great. All true, and. scriptural principles advance but slowly, yet such i» their character that they gradually overcome all obstacles." He spoke of the length of time necessary for the growth of great principles, and thei need of careful teaching—scriptural, conscientious, earnest—in order that the churches of the Union might be fully qualified for their work. -"To minister to churches founded upon these principles requires maturity of mind, spirituality of character, perfect sympathy with the truth, and a consecration to the wort most entire—men full of faith, and of the Holy Ghost." The Rev Gentleman spoke of the necessity of co-operation on the part of churches and deacons in order to give efficiency to the voluntary principle, which'depends upon truth, spirituality, and aelf-eonsecratton, for its ultimate success." After other remarks upon the office of. deacon, the address touched upon church life—-the need of faith, purity, discipline, unity. The present was characterized as one of great importance to the congregational body, and motives were urged for renewed consecration, a closer union to the Saviour, and simple loving utterance of the great doctrines of the cross. The Chairman concluded his address in the following words. "Being deeply and solemnly impressed with- the position our churches occupy on account of our distinctive polity, and looking at the work we believe to be assigned to them by the great Master, I feel that this meeting needs very special grace and benefit. May the mind of Christ in all the plentitude of his meekness and wisdom be graciously given to us—may tbe light of those truths which • -are revealed by the Holy Spirit shine upon each mind, and may the aU«pervadlbg love of God stimulate every dfeiiri'iand utterance in our assembly." A vote of thanks having been given to the chairman for his address, the minutes of the last general council were read. The report of tbe Executive Committee was then read as follows :—" At the last meeting of the Congregational Union, held at Hobart Town in June, 1866, it was thought expedient to review its constitution. For several years before, the public meetings of the Union had been held at irregular intervals, and for a while had been entirely suspended. It was felt that the objects it embraced were not sufficiently practical and defined to enlist tbe hearty sympathy of our churches. Moreover the separation of our Home Missions into northern and southern, appeared on many accounts tc be undesirable, and it was thought that our missionary agency throughout the colony should come more directly under the general supervision of the body. The Committees of the Union, and the Colonial Missionary Society, met for deliberation, and the result was that the two societies were incorporated into one association under the designation of " The Congregational Union and Mission of Tasmania." Its constitution and objects were defined, rules were laid down for the guidance of its affairs, and the following churches were recognized as being included in its organisation. Hobart Town—Brisbane-street, Daveystreet, Bathurst-street. New Town, Pontville, Green Ponds, Bream Creek, Carlton, Franklin, Victoria. Launceston —Tamar-street, St John's Square. The Forth, Leith. The chief object of the Ilnion is the preaching of the Gospel in those parts of the colony which are destitute of the meaus of grace, and there are many bush districts, which, but for the labours of this' society would he wholly neglected." Its particular objects are thus defined in the "Constitution," section ITT. 1\. To promote the spread of the Gospel. 2\. To cultivate brotherly love and cooperation among the associated churches. 3\. To diffuse information on the prin* ciples of the Congregational body. 4\. To obtain Statistics relative to the condition and work of the churches. 5\. To establish fraternal correspondence with other churches and Unions. 6\. To address, when expedient, a circular letter to the churches of the Union. 7\. To bring into the colony accredited Congregational Ministers, to educate young men for the Ministry, and to employ Lay Preachers. 8\. To maintain our civil rights. The report stated that during this year two young brethren had been called to Ministerial charges in the colony, and referred to Mr Maxwell's ordination oo Wednesday evening, as Minister of Kangaroo Point A new chapel Jiad "been opened at Clarence Plains. A church had been formed by the Rev.. G. Clark, at Geevestown, Huon. The mission stations bad been visited on Sundays by Ministers from Hobarton, with beneficial results. . About twenty stations were named as embraced within the operations of the Union, and abont fourteen lay agents were employed. As to the Congregational College, ths report stated that one; student had, on account .of ill-health, beeM compelled to resign. The general aspect of this department was satisfactory. State«Aid to Religion had engaged the attention ofthe Union, and it was resolved to petition for its abolition, if a bill should ceme before the F) ouse. The report concluded by reporting an increase in churches, and Ministers, and church members, and urged the members' of th« Union to labor on in faith, as their labor would not be in vain. The Treasurer's report showed an income for mission purposes iof -nearly .£400, and a balance in favour of the Union of J£6. , Five churches, viz., at Bream Creek, Carleton, Geevestown, Franklin, Victoria, were formally received into the Union. The Bev G Clarke was chosen Chairman for the current year; Eevs W C Robinson, General Secretaiy, and R E Dear, Travelling Secretaiy; J E Sab'er, Esq.-, Treasurer; J Walch and GSalieiy Esqs., Auditors. . The .Executive Committee waa also elected. The first subject; introduced to the meeting under the head of general business was State Aid. The discussion waa principally confined. to the best mode of action for the churches to follow. The Secretaiy stated what had already been done, and explained' the measures that had been ,taken by the Association for the . Abolition of State Aid, by. /which means the movement had ceased to be denominational. A resolution was at length passed recommending all the churches connected with the Union to petition for the. abolition when a fitting time should come: The. Rev W Law explained what, had been, done on .the Northern side of tbe island : •. v ; The next subject was Government grants of land for religious purposes. Thifl was spoken of bj the Rev W Law, the Chairman, the Rey G Clarke, and several others. Some person had, without the knowledge of the Congregational body^ about eighteen years ago, applied to the Government to have land reserved at Deloraine for church purposes on behalf of tbe Congregationiiats. This being reported to the meeting, it was, after mature deliberation, proposed ?by Mf Salier, seconded by.. Mr .Clarice, and supported by Mr Hopkins, that the letter announcing the reserving of the lsnd should be returned to the Government and the land be given up to them; The meeting adjourned at one rfclodc until half-past three, when— Prayer having been offered by the Reir J Shippird, business was resumed. Mr Room, of. Launceston, proposed that tbe General Council should meet alternately , at Hobart Town and Launceston. Ultimately it was agreed that the' meetings should be held, "in the month of March, and that on the second and third Sundays there should be it general interchange of services throughout the Congregational churches of the colony: notices for the appointment of delegates to be sent in Januaiy. In the matter of trast deeds, it was agreed to recommend all the churches to lodge their deeds with the Registrar- General, keeping a certified copy with their church records in their church books, and that a trust deed book be kept by the Secretaiy, for entering all deeds lodged with the Registrar. After a very spirited discussion upon Congregational literature, a sub-committee was appointed to consider the subject and report at a meeting to be held on Friday next, at three o'clock. Arrangements were made for inserting particulars respecting the churches connected with the Union in the Congregational Year Book. The report of the Ministers' Provident Fund was read by the Rev J Nlsbet. The Rev J W Simmons was proposed a* a member. Other business having been arranged, the meeting was closed with prayer by the Chairman at half-past five o'clock. The adjourned meeting was held in the same place yesterday (Friday) at three o'clock. Printed and Published hy JAMES B. GILL-, for^ " The Tasmanian Times Company , limited," at their Office, No. 52, literpool-street, Hobart Town, Tatmani*. 