SUPERSTITION. ' O sight Of terror, foul and ugly to behold; Horrid to think, how horrible to feel." —Paradise Lost. Superstition with its fantastic tricks and its huge crimes—a monster in the garb of buffoon—cannot but "make the judi cious- grieve," however much it may " make the unskilful laugh." , It was superstition in its broad but legitimate sense that induced the Persians to burn the books of the Egyptians and Phoenicians, and the Romans to destroy those of the Jews and the Christians. To the same baneful influence we owe the irreparable loss of the history of Mexico, the destruction of a large number of missals in the Moorish wars, and the burning of the Palatine Apollo Library by Pope Gregory VII. The Talmud, too, that most interesting record of Jewish traditions, would have shared the same fate had it not been orally transmitted from genera tion to generation. But the appetite of superstition has craved not so much for books as for human blood and suffering. Were not the virtue and learning of Socrates punished with death 1 Was not Aristotle driven by persecution to swallow poison ? Was not Galileo thrown into a dungeon? and Raleigh? and Grotius? and Selden? Was not Cranmer burnt at the stake ? and Ridley ? and Virgilius ? and Urban Grandier ? In truth, the history of every country, since Codrus, the last king of Athens, sacrificed his life on the wisdom of an oracle, has been defaced with, scenes of blood and bigoted persecution. But we gladly take a respite from the cruel eccentricities of superstition. [ Nechepsos, an Egyptian, is credited or discredited—for probably the narrative is apocryphal—with placing each limb of the body under some sign of the Zodiac in order to enable the priest-doctors to dis cover a cure for any diseased part of the body. This superstition descended from the Egyptians to the Greeks and the Romans, and from them to the Saracens, who bequeathed it, through the school of Salerno to the whole of Europe. The Egyptians, too, according to Plutarch, believed that the vine sprang from ground soaked in the blood of giants alaip in their battles "with the gods. Vitruvius, Pliny, and Valerius Flaccus, all implicitly believed in the advantage of fellingtimber during certain changes of the moon. Pliny says that a scarabseus carved on an emerald is an infallible antidote to all poisons—as potent as the herb which Mercury gave to Ulysses. Dante's "Inferno" was at first accepted as a real account Of a real descent into hell. Cornelius Agrippa believed that the upper regions were filled with dcemones; and he himself narrowly escaped being burnt because his contemporaries were as super stitious as himself, and believed that his constant companion, a large black dog, was a demon. Paracelsus has left to posterity a recipe for producing a fairy. Our Henry VI. kept for some time an alchymist constantly at work. Cardan and Burton sought death in order to vindicate their predictions. Descartes declared that it was possible to prolong life to the age of the patriarchs; and the Abbe Picot, when he heard of the philosopher's death, attributed it to a blunder. The astrolo ger Lilly was asked to decide which was the most favorable hour for Charles I. to attempt his escape. Dryden, Ashmole, and Heyden cast nativities. Catherine de Medicis brought Henry IV. to Nostra demus to have his horoscope cast; and Mary of Medicis believed that a dream in which she saw her gems turned into pearls, foreshadowed the death of this same Henry. The gift of prediction, the ability to presage events, has been attributed to men in both ancient and modern times. But no popular belief was ever more grossly superstitious. The fulfilment of a prophecy has always been the one lucky success in a million failures, unless the prophet has built upon the tolerably solid foundation of experience or past history. A lucky chance was Solon's prediction that the citadel of Munychia would be the ruin of the Athenians ; so was that i by Thales, in which he pointed out the site of the future forum; so was that by Erasmus, in which he announced the pil lage of the shrine of Thomas a'Becket. But the success of Cicero, who repu diated any occult influence — success vouched for by Cornelius Nepos—was undoubtedly founded on acute observa tion, and profound experience. In the isame category we may place Bishop Butler's prediction of the approaching issue of the irreligion of the age; Mazarin s of the turbulent character ' of de Retz; and Guibart's of the immi nent peril overtaking the monarchs of Europe. Religious superstition or intolerance, is fruitful of melancholy examples. In our boasted England—boasted because we are not quite so rotten as other nations—the history of religious superstition is written in blood. The treacherous massacre of the Huguenots, preceded by the cutting out of the tongues of Protestants and the burning of Lutherans, scarcely turns the scale in our favor. In the Netherlands, thousands fell victims to horrible torture. In Holland the bigotry and brutality of Philip II. were only equalled by those of the Duke D'Alva. Charles V. condemned to death the Reformers of the Low Coun tries. Cardinal Baronius was amazed that Saint Martin should condemn the torture and execution of Priscilian and six of his fol lowers for holding unorthodox opinions on the nature of the Trinity. La Braydre praised the " dragonades " of Louis XIV. But wp refrain from multiplying examples of human superstition and savagery; we must pass to the present century before we have supped quite full of horrors. During the last one hundred years the grosser forms of superstition may have died away. Sovereigns no longer conde scend to touch for King's Evil, like the dissolute James III. of Scotland. Women are no longer put to death whose only crimes are their friendlessness and their ugliness. Myqmaney—divination by mice ; crithomancy—by dough of cakes; and alectryoipancy—by a cock picking up grains ; these may have departed in peace, never to. return ; but if we take into consideration the present advanced state of physical science, we have nothing on which to plume ourselves. Our super stitions differ from our forefathers' in kind rather than in number. Nor should we rashly conclude that a strange belief is a superstition. No superstition is as bigoted as refusing to believe every thing which we cannot understand. The infinitely varied phenomena of nature may not be the same; in all periods. The sorcerers of Pharaoh's court may have had grounds of belief in magic and wizardry which no longer exist. To believe in evil spirits and to practice exorcism, were no signs of credulity in apostolic times. Not only so, but it is absurd to assume that Lord Bacon, Macchiavelli, Guicciardini, and the great men of the Renaissance who often startle us with their assent to now exploded beliefs, should have formed their judgments on wholly insufficient evidence. This, however, is a matter of speculation in which men's self-esteem will fight bravely, and we retire from the battle before giving or receiving any blows. »But what would our forefathers think if they could suddenly open their eyes on the enlightenment of the nineteenth cen tury? Despite our astounding progress in the study of nature, and our long and careful sifting of the chaff from the grain —a process still going on—in religion and philosophy, do not absurd and supersti tious beliefs still flourish among us ? Do not clairvoyantes discover stolen treasures, heal mysterious diseases, and look into our hearts? Do not tables spin round and hulking men and delicate women spin with them ? Are not winnowing machines burnt in one county, and barometers broken in another? Do not servants when they see a cricket regard it as a sign of death? Do not seamen purchase fair winds; account it unlucky to lose a bucket or throw a cat overboard; and eschew whistling as certain to bring on a gale ? Are not horse-shoes nailed to doors to keep away evil- spirits; sor ceresses turned into hares ; and amulets in the shape of drugs, carried on the person? Do not wild stories of ghosts and bogles, of kelpies and fairies cling to many a lonely crag and ruined cottage in the North—stories whispered in awe and listened to with creeping skin under the dim light of smouldering wood-ashes ? Do not Presbyterian peasants visit the wells of St. John, St. Fethac, and St. Devenick, and drop votive offerings of silver into the healing waters ? Surely these superstitions are not less absurd than the practice of the Turks to hang old rags, or of the Arabs to hang triangular leather bags, on the necks of their fairest horses, in order to secure them against witchcraft or fascination? In the face of such superstitions we ought to feel an uneasy stirring of conscience, when we laugh at the custom of the King of Sennaar's courtiers who, whenever His Majesty sneezes, turn away their faces and loudly slap their right thigh ; or at the sneeze of the King of Monomotapa, which is echoed by the persons around him, and re-echoed in the ante-chamber, the street, and the city. In short, we believe that superstition is not a creature of the past, like the sluggish Mylodon,. or the huge-headed Dinotherium. The animal may have cast his skin and changed his flesh, but his instinct still lives, although his strength must, in the course of nature, be less vigorous. May he continue to wax weaker and weaker, until he becomes as powerless to influence men's minds as the once potent boughs of the rowan-tree crossed over the -windows in the North, or the bonfires lighted at the feast of St. John the Baptist in the fields of Picardy. Hereford Times. 