Treasure riT »?-- v ejxtvaor d i 11 a ry . Wo find the followirigVtraordinary story in the New York oorresponiW of the the Erie Dis patch : — I Several years ago a litlGerroan Jew, named Schwartx, believing that Ithe seweru of New York might be found manjlticles of value which had been lost entered theiiand for three days wandered through the laMith. He was very successful, picking up somdT.OOO dols, worth | of jewellry, spoons forks, & but having lost his way the first day, believed W he might have found much more could he lie carried out the original plan, which was to it Fifth and Madi son-avenues, Broadway, and I wealthy portions of the city. So great, howevl Were the diffioul. ties and dangers which bfencoun tared that nothing could iuduce him aga\ to visit Now York underground.' His advVure for a time created quite a little sensation, l\ thefe was none venturous enough to attempa second until Wednesday of last week, wlienh adventurous party of three entered the sewer iHoustcn-street at the ferry on East River, intenug to remain for one week, during which timolhey proposed visiting every portion of the citlwhere there seemed any ohance of findg' treasure trove. The party consisted oMIiss Mary Walker, a youug lady of 18, W brother Jniues, aged 16, and MichaellGrady an old man of about 50. The piect origi nated with Miss Walker, aud the taw' of it js in this wise: — Some two years Igo James Walker, sen. was a merchant, doing ajood busi ness at 29}j Bowery. He was gettingVioh fast, but in an evil hour he was prevaileiWon by friends (?)*to use some of his money Uiich had been ' salted down,' in speculating gti. The result was easy to be foreseen. He 1st. To recover he took money from his business! Again he lost. His business became embarr&ed; ; in despair ho committed suicide, and Miss Walker and her brother found themselves sixhonths ago tho inhabitants of a room on the uppl flood of a double tenement, 209 Sixth-streetl Miss Walker, some mouths ago, in an oldWper wrapped around a pared which slii was taken home from a ' slop-shop,' sa\ an account o( Sohwarsz's undertaking, and reslved to imitate it. Maps were obtained ant the city carefully studied. Each day's worlc for herself, her brother, and Grady, who was foririrly in her father's employ, was oarefully markedlut. Every preparation whioh limited knowldge could prepare for was made, and the adventusrs started. I wish that I might havo room to ill the story of the week they passed, but my manfe cript warns mo that I must condense. Eaoh dir they rendezvoused several tfmes iu the ohambek at the street corners. On Sunday they had fillel all the bags they had taken with them, sorni fifteen in number and Mis3 Walker, returned.! James 'Walker and Grady continued their search emptying six of their bags at the corner of Twenty- \ second-street and Fifth-avenue. On Wednesday morning at a rery early hour, and before people were stirring, Miss Walker was at the place with a waggon. On removing tho iron plate whioh at oach street corner leads into a small chamber conneoting with tho sewer, she found her brother but not Grndy. He had started off on another trip, although the six bags had beon filled in Madison-avenue. The loose treasure was placed in extra bags, and the whole driven to a Broad way jeweller's. The rest were taken from the places on Thursday morning. A watch was set for Grady, but up to this time of writing nothing has been heard from him, and its feared that he ha3 perished. Tho result of the week's search is roughly estimated at 1,500,000 dollars. I saw the treasures yesterday piled up in three heaps on the floor, and tho jeweller informed me that it must have oost over 3,000,000 dollars, but in consequence of the old-fashioned stylo of setting, its bruised, battored, and oorroded condition, its value is reduoed' by one-half. A little over a bushel (how queer it sounds to talk of jewellery by the bushel) has been sorted, and among it has been found one diamond ring valued at 16,000 dollars, two moro valued at 5000 dollars, and half-a-dozen valued at 3,000 dollars and upwards. The most curious is a plain gold ring, inscribed on the inside in Dutch, ' Peter Stuyvesants, to wife.' It is an heirloom of Stuyvesants, and was stolen, with other jewellery, last March, by burglars. How it camo iu the sewer is a pro blem for philosophers to speculate about. Miss Walker and her brother, . who liiul themselves thus lilted suddenly from penury to great wealth, intend to proceed to England, whero tlioy have relatives. This adventure is talked of every where, and already thoie are others preparing to follow in their footsteps. : Excess of Cleanliness. — In days gone by the floating homes of our seamen were scoured daily under the idea that as cleanliness was ner.t to godliness, a good scrub of the floors wauld com pensute for the profanity so common then in the navy. The result was, that disease was so com mon as to nttract tho attention of Parliament, and if I can recollect right, a commission was issued, one of whose recommendations was that the u3e of water in washing the covered decks was to be done away with, The advioe was folio tved, and an immediate improvement was noticed. Prejudice might, however, induce au active minded English matron to deribo the experi ence of groat he-fellows in ships ; we will, therefore give from memory an account of Dr. Copcland'a experience. Ho was, ho tells us, consulted by a .lady respecting the prevalence of scrofula in her school. She had been very successful as a teacher, ! and was particularly anxious to do bor duty, as a j mother, to those under her care. She fed her flock on the best, and lodged them in the cleanest and airiest of beds and ohambers. The doctor inspected everything, and was at a loss to ac count for the frequency of the company, or sug gest a remedy ; everything inside the out house seemed en regie. A casual remark of his upon the whiteness of the boards, where they were visible, elicited the information chat all in tho house were washed daily. The sagacious physician at once detected the flaw, and recommended an almost total abstinence from the use of the pail. His advice was followed, and the scholars beoatne as conspicuous fcr their health as they had pre viously been for the reverse. Two or three days ago I was myself conuslted in a bad case of scorfula in a fine looking young woman of twenty one, who had suffered^ from ' it for . many years, and I could trace it to no other cause than her mother's strong propensity to have the music scouring in her ears. Let . housewives learn hence that an excess of oleanliness is prejudicial to health, rather than a means of insuring its oontinuauce. — ' On the Preservation of Health,' in the Medical, Mirror. J3y i nomas iuroan, M.D. The Giiurcu and the Peoi-le. — The Dally Telegraph remarks that, though the Establish ment has undergone a great change for the better in point of earnestness aud zeal, that change has not corresponded in extent with the new born necessities of the age. Tho time was when the Church was almost tho one great insti tution, aud when the clergy held' the instruction of the people almost entirely in their own hands. At that time the Church was the national almoner, the national teaoher, the supreme national gude. But since then a hundred com peting agencies have sprang up to such a height that, in some respects, they overshadow tho Church itself. Education is no longer in the the hands of the clergy, nor -is the pulpit now the chief source of popular instruction. Tbere is now a priesthood of letters which wields an in fluence such as the sacerdotal priesthood never equalled in its palmiest days. The minds of the common people have been so quickened that they feel a hundred new wants, all of which aro secular, and none of which the Church can satisfy. From books and news papers they receive suoli instruction as the pulpit does not afford. In the Press they find that championship which they once found in the Church A religious literature is coming from secular pen ; the questions of faith are debated in the periodi cal Press ; and the most powerful charity sermons are preached by the daily newspapers. Hence the working men feel that they are far more independent of the Church than their fathers were. Tha superstitious reverence for the Church is dyiug out ; a rational reverence has not yet sprung up; and in the period of transition they are straying towards secular, often towards unhal lowed guidance. One need not now discuss ths question whether they aro' right or not ; but as surodly this is not a time for lukewarm efforts to spread Christianity, and least of all for squab bling about points of Ritual. When indifference is drawing crowds away from the Church, when scepticism is assailing the temple of religion it self , the very stones might cry out against those men who, commissioned to teach the Gospel that Christ came to deliver, teach it with less fervour lhan other me evince when dealing, not with eterial, but with temporal interests. Dhmoate Veal. — Ladies will havo veal that is peifectly white, and iu order to satisfy this fancythe death-pangs of the unfortunate calves aro piolonged for days. Instead of being killed mercifully and suddenly, as creatures ought to be they sre slowly bled to death day after day, and even ieaten to make them struggle more, and thus drain out their life-blood more thoroughly. Any ono who knows the dreadful feeling of excessive weakness when life seems slowly ebbing away-r-and many women nave experienced tins — can jutlge of the cruel suffering thus infliotcd on some ofthe most innocent of God's creatures. -'It mskes a butcher's heart ache', was the evidence of one of tho trade. If this had tbe e'ffeot of really improving the meat it would still bo uttorly inexcusable; but, for meat to be wholesome, the animal ought to be killed suddenly in full health. By this barbarous system, it is brought to the last stage of misery and weakness — 'in fact il is not killed it is made to- die of exhaustion, This can never make wholesome food. Ts death so easy a procoss that we may deliberately prolong its pangs ? — Daily News. An Experiment Worth Trying. — A Glas gow merchant on his death-bed sent for a Free Church olorgyman. Having some fears regard ing his future prospects, ho asked the reY. gentleman, ' Do you think, if I were to leave £10,000 to tho Free Kirk that my soul would be saved.?' ' Well,' answered the cautious minister, 'I couldn't just promise you that, but I think it's an experiment well worth, try iog.' On a wot, miserable,, foggy London day, Charles Lamb was accosted by a beggar- woman, with ' Pray sir, bestow a little charity. Believe me, sir, I have seen better days.' ' So havo I,' said Lamb, handing the poor creature ti shilling; ' so have I ; it is a miserable day 1' Artificial Birds' Nests. — The societies formed for the protection of insectivorous birds in Switzerland are now setting up artificial nests. One of tho members of a society of this discripti'on who inhabits Pevey, having observed that many species of that kind select for nests the holes they find in the branches of rotton trees, and that they consequently do not find it easy to settle in orchards, where all the trees are in good condition i began, twenty five years ago, to set up rotten trunks in his grounds ; and since then he lias ? had no need to trouble himself in the lea3t about j clearing away caterpillars, that care being entirely left to tho birds, who perform their duty admirably. Ilis neighbours, on tho contrary, who have not had this foresight, have had their orohards laid waste by insects. The Yverdun Society has gone the length of placing artificial nests even in the public walks and communal forests, on the borders of the lawns, &o;, All these nests aro now inhabited by hedge-sparrowsj red- starts, nreepers, and tomtits, all which may be found in Switzerland as high up as tho per petual snow line. The same praotice -has found its way into Germany. — Popular Science Rcvieiv. A Guost Story — We have to report a strange case of superstition in tbe West of England. Lately there' died tho Rev. E, D. Rhodes, Vicar of Bathamptoi), a village two miles from Bath, and on the borders of Somerset and Wilts. Mr Rhodes was a man of very remarkable powers ; his teaching was far ; hove the average of country geutleinen, aud his parishioners were commonly supposed to be, so far as intellectual attainments are concerned, much above the level of any ordi nary rural parish. Nevertheless, since his death the rumor has become current that his ghost has been seen in Bathampton churchyard, aud has been heard groaning and sighing. The witnesses increased in number and in positiveness of asser tion, and the report obtaining general currenoy, crowds of pfersons came over from Bath to verify it. Their testimony was abundantly confirmed, and one old parishioner, entering more into detail than the rest said that be had seen Mr Rhodes with a crown of glory round his head, and a tiumpet in his hand. The matter now became serious, and the aid of the police was asked. Constables, accordingly were sent over The ghost appeared, as usual pale and ghastly, groauing and sighing. He was captured, and turned out to be a great white owl, which is henceforth condemned to humiliating imprison ment in a barn, with hard labor in the shape of inice-catching — Somerset. A Wonderful Clock. — Many years ago thero was a clock made by one Droz, a mechanic of Geneva, which was renowned for its ingeuious construction. The clock was so made as to bo capable of performing the following movements : Thero was on it a negro, a shepherd and a dog When the clock struck, the shepherd played six tunes on his flute, and tho dog approaobed and j fawned upon him. The clock was exhibited to the King of Spain, who was greatly delighted with it. ' The gentleness, of my dog,' said ' Droz, ' it is his least merit. - If your Majesty touch one of the apples' which you see in tho shepherd's basket, you will admire the fidelity of this animal,' The King took an applo, and the dog flew at his hand and barked so loud that the Kings dog, which was in the same room during the exhibition, began to bark also, at which the superstitious courtiers, uot doubting that it was an affair of witchoraft, hastily loft the room crossing themselves as they went. Having desired the Minister of Marine, who was the only ono who dared to stay behind, to ask the negro what o'clock it was, the minister asked, but rdceivins no replv. Droz then observed that the negro had not yet learned the Spanish ; upon whioh the minister repeated tbe question in Frenoh, and the black immediately answered him. At this new prodigy the firmness of the minister also forsook him, and he retreated precipitately, declaring that it must be the work of a superna tui'il teing. It is probable that in the perform ance of these tricks Droz touched certain springs in the mechanism, although that is not mentioned in any of the accounts of his clock. — Notes and queries. ' A Lesson for a Father. — You would not know there was a child in tho house,' boasted an arbitrary father to a friend. The friend pitied him and would have pitied the children. But he perceived that on every occoasion of the father leaving homo, the mother, pale and gentle-eyed, having struggled in vain to give tlie children their proper place in tho house made up for it by allowing thom every license when ho was absent. On one occasion, on a signal being given'that tho father had ridden away, tho children troop'ed down in noisy glee to their mother. Each began the play they liked best, and tho drawing-room was as littered with toys, and as jocund with laughter and happinesss as any nursery, when the dreaded voice of ?' papa' was in tho hall. He had forgotten a letter, and returned for it. With out looking to tlieir startled mother for help, tbe instincts of the ohildren prompted tliera to hide away in the quickest manner they conld. Some wrapped themselves in the folds of the window ourtains, others ran under tho table; a fat chubby fellow rolled himself into his mother's dress. His glee had been so great, the disappoint ment was too much for him ; and though the father was sotnowhat nstonishod at the disorder of the room, he was too hurried to stay to inquire, and the children might have remained undis covered bad not a sob burst from the disappointed little heart. His father extracted him from his mother's dr jss by one leg, aud placing him beforo him commanded him sternly to speak the truth and answer dirootly, what aro you blubbering for you booby ?' The fat little folllow thiuking his last hour had come, obeyed both commands, and with a roar of crying, oxclaimed — 'Bocauso you have come home papa.'— Argosy. A flw woek3 ofter marriage, a hushaml \ some peculiar thoughts when putting ou |,j8 )aat clean shirt, as ho saw .no appearance ofa wanton, He thereupon rose earlier than usual one momint and kindled a ftio. When putting on the kettlo be made a noise on purpose to arouso his wife. She immediately peeped over the. blankets anil exclaim'ed, ' My dear, what are you doing?'. He deliberately responded, 'I've put on my |ast clean shirt, and I'm going to wash one now fot myself.' ' Very well,' replied Mrs Easy, - y had better wash ono for me, too, while you areat it.' A Farmer, having lost some ducks, waB asked | hy the counsel for the prisoner acoused of stealing them to describe their peculiarity. After hcliad . done so the counsel remarkod, 'They can't be I such a rare breed, as I have some like them ia my yard.' ' That's very likely,' said the far. . mer ; ' these are not the only ducks of tho same 1 sort I've had stolen lately.' A Family Complication.— A Pittsburgh paper states that a melancholy case of self-murdet has occurred near Titusvilie, Pennsylvania. The following schedule of misfortunes was found jn the viotims left boot I married a widow w|,0 had a grown up daughter. My father visited our house very often, fell in love with my , step, daughter and married her So my father beoame my son-in-law and my step-daughter my mother, because she was my father's wife. Some tirao afterwards my wife had a son — he was my father's brother-in-law and my uncle, for he was the brother of my step-mother. My father's wife— i.e , my stop-mother, had also a son ; lie was of course, my brother aud in the meantime my grand-child, for he was the son of my daughter. My wife was my grandmother, because she wns my mother's mother. I was my wife's husband and grandohild ut the same time. And as the husband of a person's grandmother is his grand father, I was my own grandfutber.' The poor fellow appears to have lost his reason in en deavoring to find out who he was, and who was really his grauduiother. ? c&; 