TREATMENT OF EMIGRANTS IN NEW YORK. ' " . ' . from the new robk tribune. The emigrant, on leaving the , side ot >tbe emi grant sbip lying in the stream, after she has pass ed the perils bf quarantine, is taken off board of a barge or tag, with his trunks", bedding,, cloth ing, bottles, parcels, and old rubbish ot all kinds, and Jfrom thence transported to the water-gate of Castle Garden. On arriving there he is ; re lieved of his trunks and bhggage, which are stowed away carefully ih racks, add. numbered in acor- responffing fashion, with the number placed , op-, posite the emigrant's name in the register where his baptismal appellation surname; birthplace, age, occupation and future destination, are regis- devdted to tbe baggage of emigrants going out- of the city, and when they arrive at Buffalo, Chicago, St 'Louis, Boston, or Cincinnati,, they, find there their baggage ready for tbem as soon as they have satisfied the charges upon thd frieght. The English .speaking emigrants are registered first, and then, . the Germans. After, jbeing reigstered, which < takes a long time, the emigrants are driven into1 the bull pen to await further disposition, Lavatdties, or places for. jwgshing, "pre lasted arofind the CaStle—large, glooiny-ldoking places, calculated to keep before, the eyes of the emigrant the hold or i steerage of the ship from which -he has justvdebarked. Washing or cleanliness is nob enforced upon ; the erriigrants, and the huge blocks Of soap and the damp, wet fldor of the i iwaishing . rooms 7 ; present a Very hiact andi. disconsolate 'aspect.: Around: the walls of the bull pen are scattered huge maps; of the States and Territories admirably ; calcu lated to impress upon the minds' of fdriegnors. the great size and extent of. Uncle Sam'a domin- ions The walls of this filthy house resouudwith the clash of pauskets; drums and swqrds ef the bld1ghlakvmy,: And afterwards to the glorious; warblings of the peerless denny. Lind, to thd delicious strains of Catherine Hays» fn( crash >vof Jiilliei/s hdriia and in'Sttumentsiifor here Were given the monster concerts of this -great> krtist when at ihis < prime, i ' W 0U,; s to-day it Jfbulcl malce Jenny Linff siok to look dovrneifti; dn'eof Ihefallfriel herd fhdnsandt;' dsedj! tp.'tit entranced listening to her Norma, and behold her own country men and women from far-off UpsalJaud ,j in a July suhiThe ghost ot the; great .. Jullieri wool d not alldw. iits Whitd- gl6vdd fingbrs to!ro upon thtf polluted i iinte( or door jam for -/ear of coutaminatioh, .Large blue-bottle flies haunt, thd seams of the planking jn the floor ofthe bull pen j sucking and feasting upon ; the corruption; A thousand persons have ; often been ; confined in this worse than black hole of Calcutta, while at) other times .not a score of- emigrants are present.; is- an-erroneous impression tnat'ihff- eihigfafiisj from northern countries surpass in cleanliness! 'those .from -the more soutlidrh climes, v The; Sweeds . Germans, ahd Russians are; vry con trary ; to general eXpectatioii ; the- Irish and French dompate favbutably with' other! rkces in 61feknTinfesS;:a:nd,SfiriiSS them 'in ; lights | fieartedness'aiid a disposition; to bear uji undrt : hardships. Tbe.Yelsh. emigrants r are ' nearly all consigned, to. ihe embraces of the Mormon chiefs Of "CTtah. .The specimens of Welsh . migrants who Were here, bound for Salt Lake, and the ihiners and znillkpiiinerA from' soihe Of - fhe r uril districts .'61: -EiOgland, are terribly dirty ana ignorant. Great numbers of the English emigrants haVe . little, or no knowledge of the Creator or 'of any revealed form of religion. The ignorance and brutality of tbe. lower class of English emigrants is astounding, and would be deemed incredible by him who knows, hothihg of the facts presented. Here is a group of Irish emigrants sitting upon their household Lares and Penates. There are three little girls, ringing from 3 to 10 years of age, a motherly-looking Woman of fifty, and a boy of fifteen. The family are dressed comfortably, and rather cleanly. The mother is drying 'quietly ; thekmail6st girl his caught the in fection frbm the old woman, ' arid is burying her tiny knuckles in her eyeS with great determination, while the boy stares steadfastly at the ceiling, and keeps his molith wide open as; a cominoh thorough fare for the nahty flies who infest the. bull pen, :. An acclimatised friend, with a roWdy look," is'taikihg to the old lady 'and' endeavouring to make her feel comfortable, but she will not be" comfortSd, She left the hills of far-off Tipperary at the bidding of a" faithful son, who resides in.4' SOip place" in Missus Sury," as the old lady expresses it, but she has lost the address, and forgets the name of the precise locality, '' Can't ye remember the name of the place at all, at all, Biddy?' says her comforter. The devil a bit me knows. Jamesy tould me in the letther that there was a great dale of wather near his place, ,1s there much wather in Missus Sury? Will ye stop yer bellowing there, Moliy ?" "It is in Meessury ye mane! Shufe, it' full of wather and shnakes." " And are the shnakes alive, Tim ?" Yis, Biddy, and kicking, too." " Weil, I wish I never had left Nenagh, in ould Tipperary," shid the old lady, "for whin I'm out hete, shurfe, Andy, that I thought 'd be some use to mt, is do more thau ah amadhatih'" pointing to her son, who still kept his mouth open for. the admission of flies. There is an hospital attached to the Castle Garden Depot, situated on Ward's Island. There is an attendant physician at the castle, an apothecary's shop. Cases of fever and cholera are instantly car ried without to the hospital for treatment. Two million and a half of emigrants have passed through Castle Garden during the last teih years, bringing with them an average of 20 dollars per head. Jersey; the Swedes to Delaware, the English to New York aud Pennslyvania, the Scotch to New York aud Illinois, and the French to New York, Louisiana and Canada. The greatest number of vessels leave the ports of Europe" in the following order Liverpool, Bremen, London, Hamburg, Glasgow, Hesse, Antwerp and Londonderry. Formerly the Irish preponderated, now' the Ger mans have the ascendancy in the proportion of one hundred to sixty. The Commissioners of Emigra tion have officers in every city in the State of New York for the aid and protection of emigrant's. There is attached to the' Castle Garden depot an office for the employment of emigrant girls who desire to procure situations as helps in families. The room devoted to this purpose is located on the north-east corner of the Castle Garden. The room is oblong, about fifty feet in length, and twenty-five feet in width, with seats arranged with an aisle in the middle like a church, and a desk railed in where a pulpit would be in a cliurch, behind which sits a gentleman of the Teutonic persuasion, in a mixed pepper- and-salt suit, to answer questions. Here it is the custom for persons who desire to: get a great deal of 1 work for very little money to apply for Servant " gals," as the policeman at the door terms the private help. Any girl who has just landed at this port can obtain a situation by waiting at this place and submitting her person to inspection to those who may desire female help. Having pro" cured a place and entered the service of her employer, she may, if she dislikes the remuneration or work, in form the Commissioners , of her wish to leave her situation, and the privilege is accorded to her of returning to the Employment Agency at the Garden as often as she changes her mind during the spaCe of twelve calandar months from the time she has landed on the shores of the New World, : The Council of the Acclimatisation Society met as visual on Tuesday. Present— Dr Dlack, Professor M 'Coy, Colonel Champ; Dr T. Black, and Messrs H. P. Venables, R. Brough Smyth, G. C, Levey, A. R. C. Selwyn, G. S. Lang, and F. S'. Dobson. A letter was read from Mr Campbell Carey, of West ern Australia, in reply to one addressed to him by the council, inquiring about the fresh- water lobsters ojf that colony. Mr Carey states that he believes these lobsters to be totally different to anything we hiave here, and promises to send one directly he re turns to Perth, and, if desired he will send suf ficient to stock some of the Victorian rivers. A Utter from Dr Officer was read, stating that the salmon commissioners are just about liberating the salmon fry hatched from the ova received in 1866\. These number about 5000, and will make ai goodly addition to the stock now in the Der- wenfc. He also mentions that many thousands of trout will this year be added to the stock in the Plenty. Dr Officer concludes by stating that, "since the date of the report, we have had the most au thentic accounts of the salmon being seen in several places, the last thirty miles above New Norfolk. The incredulity still existing in some quarters is quite unaccountable to me, who, have seen the fish many times as distinctly as I see the paper I am now writing on. The.idea of mistaking a trout for a salmon appears very : absurd to one acquainted with both fish. Besides, there is not a single trout in all the Derwent." ' ! : The Empress Eugenie and the Porter. — A French journal tells an entertaining anecdote of the fidelity of a porter to his change. The Empress Eugenie recently presented. lief self at the Isthmus of Suez.gate qf <thq Exposition WorQ-thd/oux-plopny = iTi'g." Theporter "refused.- to ;admit" her Majesty although she named M. de Lessep3 as her friend, , "Ah ! they all say that," retorted: the gatekeeper. . The Empress' insisted that the great canal-maker- would instantly admit her were he there, but could not -prevail. She then played her last card—" But if I were to tell you that5 L am the; Empress ?' " " I should not believe you," was the rejoinder. A lady of honour, however, at length convinced, the porter , ihat the applicant w(as the Empress, and; then the gate opened. Sotiie officious person proposed to dis- miss the faithful, man, but the Empress intervened and saved him. 