SANDHURST BOROUGH COUNCIL, Friday, 4tli October. The Council met at four o'clock Present—The Mayor 'Crs Holdsworth, Macdougall, Aspinall, .. Latham, and Garsed. CORHIISPONDENCE, &C.; f Amongst the correspondence were the following communications, which were considered: — From tho manager of the Great Extonded Hust ler's Company, asking for a guarantee) that the com pany s vested rights will not ho interfered with by the formation of the road across their lease. Tho Council had no objection to giva tho required gu'irantco From William Harper, Cumberland Hotel, Lytlle ton Terrace, asking permission to erect posts oppo site his premises for fastening horses to. Granted. , . From the secretary of Uallas' Band, for a donation in aid of tho fund for the purchase of uniforms, " as thoy wished to make a respectable appearance as representatives of Bendigo by the time 13.II.II the . Duke of Edinburgh arrives." lleferrod to tho lto , ception Committee's meeting, to bo held next day. An application was received from the secretary of Northcott's Band for permission to place their portable music stands on tho flat in tho reserve, as it , was their intention to ro-commcnce their series of Sunday performances on Sunday next, 6th inst. Tho Council had already decided not to allow any altera tion from tho present system until tho reserve was finished. S. P. Hogg (manager of the Garden Gully Corn pan}) applied for permission to mine under that portion of Olive-street lying on the west sido of the company's lease. Tho applicant objected to a former .application by G. \Y. Carss, for permission to mine on the,adjoining ground, Tho application of Carss 'wan granted; Hogg's application deferred for a week, in accordance with tho ordinary custom. REFOHTS. : The Keeper of tho Grassy Flat Reservoirs roported aa follows: Upper restrvoir—Depth of water last week, 23 feet; this week, 23 feet 6 inches. Lower reservoir—Last week, 18 feet 3 inchos; this week, ,18 feet 3 inches. General condition of works: Good." ; .Finance Report for the weok onding 28th Sep tember, 18G7 :— ' Or. . £ s. d Paid into bank from general revenue ... 133 2 3 Dr. Approximate Liabilities. Bunk balanco 5,312 13 8 Accounts passed ... ... 16 17 3 Cr. Bank balance, deposit account ... ... 980 17 0 The Finance Committee's report for 27th Septem ber, recommending payment of accounts—L1617s 3d, And acceptance of tender, Foley and' Co, work in Anderson- street, L10 10s, and work in Boundary plaoe, L24 17s 6d, was adopted. .! •• PETITIONS. Cr Garsed presented a petition, signed by 150 per- ■ sons, asking the Council to alter the present fornia ; .tion of the reserve fenoe. The alteration asked for referred to the formation of the fence extending ;from nearly opposite Bull- street to the end of Bridge street, an«l tho petitioners requested the present curve to be done away with and a diagonal Uniformed between the two points referred to. The petitioners, who reside in Bridge-street, Market square,'View* .place, Uigh-street, and Pall Mail—between tho Lyceum Hotel and Pike's corner—referred to the fact that for many years the Main Murray Iload •was the only road communicating with Bridgo . street, until the opening of M'Crae-street, and that afterwards the Council destroyed the Murray Road by the formation of the reserve; that about three months ago, when the Council proposed to enclose tho Pall Mall Keservo, they did not object as they believed that the fence was to be formed iu tho way they now suggested. They assertod that one of tho evil effects of the present formation' would , bo .to shut out entirely the view of Bridge-street from :Pall:Mall, and they referred to tho fact that tho . vested interests of a number of persons would bo injured by the present mode of enclosing tho reserve. The petition being received, ; Tho Mayor said tho only mode of dealing with"tho subject would be for any councillor to give notice of motion for rescinding the former resolution of the Council, agreeing to the present mode of enclosing tho reservo. Cr Garsed thought as it was .only a question of • partially altering the resolution, the petition might be dealt with by being referred to a oommittoe. Tha Mayor said the resolution could not in any way be altered except by being rescinded by another resolution, which nny councillor could give notice of. Mo action was taken on the petition. OROBRS or THE DAY. Cr Garsed brought forward the following notice of .motion—"That a sufficient sum bo expended for the purpose of providing a fitting reception for M.R.n. the Duke of Edinburgh, on tho occasion of his honor ing Sandhurst with a visit." Before formally moving the resolution bo wishod to add the words, "the amount to be voted in tho Council previous to any expenditure being incurred." The Mayor thought it would bo better to carry the resolution in its present form. Tho Council could only estimate an approximate amount that might br required. ■ The expenditure of the money would rest with the Reception Committee, whioh was virtually ths Council, and any amount that tho committee de cided on would have to be reported to the Council and agreed to. He might take the opportunity of informing the Council of tho result of tho interview of the deputation (consisting of himself and Cr Burrowes) to tho Reception Commission. They had not been able to meet tho whole of the Commission, which was broken up into a number of small sub committees to carry out different arrangements, but thoy hid seen Mr Verdon, one of the principal mem bers of the Commission. The deputation had laid tho plans they intended to carry out before Mr Verdon, and asked what amount of subsidy they would get from the Government, but Mr Verdon regretted that 'ho could not say what amount they would receive. Tho Commission was to meet next day (Friday), but • •he (the; Mayor) could not remain in town to meet ' them, and Mr Verdon promised to send him a telegram of the rcsult. so'that he might inform the meeting of the Sandhurst Reception Committeeon Saturday after noon. Ho might safely say that Mr Verdon was anxious to do them every justice, and spoke in such ia spirit of liberality that ho (the Mayor) fully be lieved they woiild receive their fair share of tho • money voted by the State. He might also state that5 ' Mr Verdon was anxious to have tho programme the Sandhurst Committee had arranged, in order to know which initios and places the Duko would visit, and if preparations could bo made for his romaining in Sandhurst all night, as if he did so, ho and his suite would require tho whole of tho accommodation of •: tho largest hotol. In reply to Mr Verdon's inquiry, ■ bo (the Mayor) informed him that tho Sandhurst Committee would probably raise about LI,000. ] He understood from Mr Verdon that the Commission would likely decide to subsidise the committees ipro rata, in tho proportion of two to one,! but ' as that would give the Melbourne Corporation Committee LI 0,000, tho distribution pro rata would only perhaps apply to the up-oouiitry committees. Nothing, however, was to be definitely sottlod until tho next meeting of the Commission. Cr Aspinall thought it necessary that a sum should bo specified in the resolution; but would rathor that the resolution should bo postponed as some of the councilors woro absent; Cr Garsod proposed the resolution without altera tion, and, in doing so, remarked that no one could suppose that it was intended to g':vo the Council power to spend any amount they wishod. Ho depre cated the idea which had been suguestod out of doors that tho monoy should bo raised by private subscrip ,, tion,as,besides the difficulty of raising such an amount, oven if thoy wero successful, it would bo said that some ten or twelve ratopayors entertained tho Duko :of Edinburgh, instead of the people of Sandhurst. It is said that "there is a skeleton in every house," but he was not afraid of any ghost In that houso, who ' might be supposed to frighten them from spending ' the'monoy. (The Mayor: "Ask Cr Iloldsworth") He only regretted there was not a full meeting of the Council so as to show their unanimity on, tho " TOtO. \ : Cr Macdougall, in seconding the resolution, highly " approved of it in its present open form. It was iin possible to toll tho exact amount repuired. It might . be from L100 to 1LG00. j ' Cr Aapinall wished to proposo an amonumont that the amount bo slated at L500, aa, unless tho Council did so, thoy might spend 1.1,000. Tho Mayor, , howevor, explained that tho amount to bo required would ha specified l>y the Reception Committee, and as their report would have to be brought before, and nanctioned by tho Council, the latter would be always in a position, if they felt inclined, to limit tho expendituro to L100 or LOOO. From the expressions of opinion ho bad hoard from tho various councillors, ho beliaved thoy wero inclined to spend L500, ii not LOOO. Cr Latham hoped they would bo unanimous in passing the voto. NYlmther it would require a little moro or less than L500 would be no matter. He was satisfied tho Couucil would not expend moro than vras necessary. _ Cr Aapinall, after tho Mayor's explanation, sa»u ho would uot urge his amendment. Cr Garsed, beforo the motion was put, reraarkod that lio Uad. aoarchod tho last throe years1 rate rolU for tlio name of tho " bugbear " to the 'Council, (Mr \- England - li e possibly.: raay„liav:o referred to,) and. ho did not find his name on any 0110 of them.: The mdtion 'was then put_ and carried unani mously. * 1 "" , 7 The following notice of motion, in tho name of'.Cr Iloldsworth, was withdrawn. oh the understanding tlmt tho work would be included in tho listjof genera! works—"That a culvert be carried across Pall Mall, opposite Williamson-street, in accordance with the, rocommciulation of (ho health officer." • ! FINANCE COMMlTTEU, | Tho committee met at throe o'clock. ! Present; Tho Mayor, Crs A spin all, Iloldsworth, M'acdou^all, Latham, and Garaed. The report of thojtoiyu aur-.; veyor on tho claim of Mr John Knore, tlifc lessee of the White Jlills slaughter yards; to bo compensated for buildings left, was received. Tho compo/isati.qn claimed was L75. Tho Town Surveyor reported the, value to be L13. A lender was received from Ii'iram, Jacobs to leaso tho yards for the sum of 12s Gd per,; week. The committee recommended the payment of L13 to Mr Knore, and the acceptance of the tender o( Mr Jacobs Tho toivn surveyor was instructed to allow Mr ICnoro to remove tho buildings if lie wished. Tenders for the supply of 270 yards of {jravel from the White Hills were received. Mr , Foley's (to tho extent of 100 yards, at 2s Od, as.au experiment.) was accepted. Alter tho business of tho Council had terminated, tho committee a^ain met (Cr Aspinall having left), when it was agreed, tlmt fresh tenders bo called for tho removal of Cr Aspinall's residence from, tho Reserve. . n Tho Council adjourned at 5"25. ' 