j Friday, July 19. Before tho Police Magistrate. Robert 8. McDonnell, appeared on eummonp, charged with refusing to pay the sum of £3G 10s. wages due to George Myers and his i wife, for services rendered on defendant's station, Tryphena Tale. One witness, com- plainant's mat« on the station, stated that de- fendant had never made any complaint to him about complainant. Defendant deposed that he had discharged Myers because be refused to cook j be had received stores to the amount of £14, and that there was only a balance of £8 3s. Od. coming to him. The Bench made an order for the payment of £26 15s. ii. for wages, and costs. Mr. Milford for complainant, Mr, i Bellas for defendant. Three summons cases were dismissed, through , non-appearance of parties. Mary Clarke and Mary Anne Clarke, under remand, charged with stealing £34 from thc person of John Smith, at Ridgelands, «vere i further remanded for evidence for the defence, until Monday next. A slaughtering license was granted to William Pattison, for Rosewood. Mn. BABNETT, the leader of the Leichhardt Search Expedition, acconpanled Mr. Bead into Bowen. The expedition is disbanded. Dr. 1 White is exported by the " Boomerang " from P Cleveland Bay. Mr. Barnett has sent bis re- port down to tbs Search Committee in Mel- bourne. When he arrived to take charge of ' the expedition lie found that Mr. Slotnan was | dead. Shortly afterwards Mr. Barnett started to search the country to the westward of the depot, that hoing the only portion of the Gulf ¡ district that was unexplored. The party wont up the Dougal, the Jenny, and tile William (streomB named by M'Kinloy),taking theDougul i first, as it was on that watercourse thatsomestruy horses were found, some time ago, by Macintyre, ' and it was thought that Leichhardt might have , followed the watercourse up, but no traces of him were found. A little gold was found at the head of the Dougal, but merely colour. Mr. Barnett having no time to prospect, BS the con- tract time of the expedition vms close upon ' expiry. The climate seems to suit the camels well, but their feet cannot stand rugged country. Thc whole country between the Leichhardt and the Flinders, up to the summit watershed, has been explored, mid it may bo (Mr. Barrett in- forms us) confidently stated that the great ex- plorer bas not, any rate, mot bis fate in that Îiortion of tho country. Dr. Muller, we are in brined, contemplates proposing to the Govern- ments of the different colonies to contribute ? towards the expenses of a geographical explora- tion on an extensive scale, still keeping tho ascertainment' of Leichhardts fate in view as a ; socondnry object. There is great probability ol very valuable results accruing from suoh an ex podilion.-P. D. Time», July 6. STEANOERS IN THE HotrsE.-The following is the exordium of the speech in the course of delivery, yesterday, in the Legislative Assembly, when Mr. Windeyer directed the attention of 1 Mr. Speaker to "Strangers in the House." "Mr. Speaker, the hon. member for Central Cumberland has got so infatuated that he barks at any bite, and shows his nose at anything like 1 a ghost. It is a most remarkable thing, Mr. Speaker, that the hon. member is not to be held. You can't get him at anything. What sm I to do ? I nm a Government supporter because, ' forsooth, I ask you, knowing tho state in which you have been sweated there, in that chair, and seeing the way they are going on with bim ! I respect you. I will not see you murdered. But here ho is j because, forsooth, I ask a question, he (urns round and says, I'm one of the Government raga ; one of the Government tripe coves-bullock and lights, or anything else. Ho wants to make a mass of muck of my name. I do not care for the Government or bim. I am such a sort of infatuated fool that I don't care for myself or anybody else, tn this question t was not advised nor iras I requested by the Government to take the question of the vacant House or tho want of members, but when I see a mun like that is, that wanto to have his eye teeth drawn out, or cut out, or something else, and put into a state of being civilised, or some- thing of tliiB kind, why, any hon. member as feels bis dignity hort by the way in which this man is running down, goring and running in -Sue thorough bred fellows-we are obliged to put bim out-obliged to do it, and I think I am doing my duty in just stopping tus gab. The bon. member who moved the motion : there is no member in this House, Mr. Speaker so fond, I believe, of himself as he is. Ho knows it; and I accuse him although he is the Govern- ment outside man. But still what does ho wsnt ta do with the Governor P Leave him aloi e. L ave Sir John alone. Why, blesi my soul'. He's got a card or somedody else has to a feed. Anybody that'll give a feed, leave him alone- that's what I say. But these people who used to be, John knows where,-(its very well for bim to gammon to be asleep) they never used to give a foed. You know that, Ur. Speaker, a« well as I do." The rep irtcrs and other " strangers " were hero ordere 1 to with- draw, and, the Nbacbion operation luring been performed, in regard to the hon. member's oratory, bi« stylo of speaking was called in question, whereupon it is said that the remon- strant was threatened with the vigorous appli- cation of a big stick.-Sydney Morning Herald, July 10. ON Monday, July 1st, Mr. Justice Lutwyche delivered the following written judgment in the iusolvent estate of James A. J. Macleod. On Monday last, 24th June, several creditors, who had proved under the joint estate of Macleod, Kadi'lilfe, and Co., of which firm James A. J. Macleod wai tho only resident partner in this colony, claimed to prove against his separate estate by virtue of the provisions of the 133rd peet'on of the Insolvency Act cf 1864, which I thought did not apply, and I accordingly re jeeted all claim* for informality. At the «ame time, I intimated an opinion that^ although the joint, creditors could not be allowed to share rotc-ibly nuder that section with the separate creditors, they might still provo against the separat p estate, and as some doubt was felt aliont, the apportionment of the joint and sé- panle rpi ito among the joint and separate en --.'purs, 1 took time to consider my decision. The .piertion is a very important one, and bas nt times occasioned great difficulty and com pleiil r in bankrupt proceedings in England, bnt it sterns to rae that tho Insolvency Act of 1864 has removed nil reasonable grounds for doubt in this colony on the subject. The 79th section of the Act provide» in erproaa terme that " if one or mora oí the partners of a finn be ad' judged insolvent, any creditor to whom tlie insolvent ia indebted jointly with the other partners of s firm, or «ny ot them, ahull be entitled to prove Ilia debt for the purpoee onlg of Toting in the election of an assignee, and of being heard on tho last ex- amination of the insolrent against the granting of bia certificate hut such creditor shall not receive ung dividend out of the separate estate until all the separate credi- tors »hall hate received the full amount of their respective debts" The nord "only" might liare been omitted with adrantage, aa it ie clear from the subsequent portion of the clause that tho proof waa intended by the Legislature to be sufficient for the purpose of obtaining a dividend, provided a surplus remained after payment of tbs separate creditors in full. As to the right of separate crediton to prore against a joint estate, the Act of 1861 is silent; but even-handed justice seems to require that a similar rule should be applied e converso to them. And accordingly i I find that the 64th rule made under the Im- perial Act of 1819 provides as follows :-*' Any separate creditor of any bankrupt shall bo at liberty to prove his debt under any adjudication of bankruptcy meda against such bankrupt jointly with any other person or persons. * * And in case there shall bc an overplus ot the joint estate, such overplus shall be carried to tho account of the separate estates of each bankrupt in proportion to the right and interest of each bankrupt in the joint estate." It appears to me that this rule may be safely adopted by this Court. It has the merit of simplicity, end harmonises with tho expresBsd intentions of the Legislature in respect to proofs by joint creditors under an insolvent's separate estate. Tbo creditors who have proved against the joint estate of Macleod, Radcliffe, and Co., will bo admitted to prove the «ame debts against the separate estate of James A. J. Macleod, but will not receive any dividend out of such sepn- rate estate until all his separate creditors shall have been paid in full. 