OA.WLE1'. f From our own Correspondent.] Gawler. December 26, On Sunday last {22nd) sermons were preached in St. George's Church, on behalf of St. George's Church Sunday-school—in the morning by ihs Itev. Canon Farr. and in the evening by the Kev. J. Jasper Smyth, of Kapunda. The attendance was preLty good, though on neither occasion was the church titled. Collections were mads on be half of Llie school funds. A tea meeting was held on the Monday following m tit. George's new schoolroom, and was tolerably well attended. After the room lul been cleared a public meeting was held the Jtcv. Canon Coombs occupying the chair. .After rite Chairman s opening speech the leporr of the school was read by the Secretary (Mr. \V. JlausouV). The Superintendent {Mr. T. O. Jones) then moved that the report be adopted. This was seconded by Dir. K. Dixon, and carried. Thy IJev. Canon Ilusscll delivered ins interesting lecture on "Ghost Stones," in two parts. The choir of St. George's Clu-.icii sang seveial pieces very effectively during the evening, and a recitation (" (Spanish Champion"') was given by Mr. Fred. Hat vis in excellent style. Altogether all present (and the room, which is a very Large one, wars nearly tilled) appeared to enjoy the entertainment provided for them. Votes of thanks to the lecture.-, to the ladies, to the choir, to JMr. 1' S. Hurl hi for the u-e of the schoolroom, and to the Chairman were cordially passed before the meeting terminated, which was not till nearly 11 o'clock. The proceeds of the varioussci vices amounted to upwards of ilia. On Friday List (20th) the examination of the pupils of Miss Finch's school was held, and was decidedly satisfuct ry. TheGau ler i'res' ytetian Young Men's Christian Association held their last meeting for iS'ir on Tuesday (irth); the llev. J. Gouiou ({'resident) in the chair. The attendance was good. The report of the Society was read; also, those of its Jiosewoithy ;o.-d SmilhtielJ Crane:.e a a.'i of which showed continued success. This must he owing 1 to a great extent to the energy and ::eal of the President. Gawier liad another escape from a calamitous fi e on Saturday last (2lst). As the person who usually attends to Cue lamps iu Mr. J. il.uris'a store was biitiging a number of them into the shep from the iamproom, by some acrid ■n: he fell. and the keiosine was soon flowing about the ffo r on fi e. The men in the shop with gre it presence of mind instantly procured a number of clankets, with which they smothered the flames, and so prevented the destruction cf thousands ot pounds worth of property. A scrim s accident occurred on Sunday (22ud) to Mr. George Go.-de as he was lemming to GmvJrr from Lyndoch on horseback. lie was thrown from his horse upon his head, and was taken up insensible, llis life was at iir t despaired of, but now he appears to be recovering. Chri-tmas passed off' quietly, lite town rre-ent ing aSunday-iike appearance, and three or four of the places of voiship being open for divine serv te. A number of the inhabitants went to the sea-beach and other places hoUday- niakiiig. The weather was cool and s leatant. To-day {ijoxiiig-riay) is bung celebrated by races and other ."-perls at the Mill luu, Gawlcr .South. A large number of persons a'e present 