THE JUNE MAGAZINES. Both the political articles in that highly Conservative magazine, Blackwood, are of a complexion which, five and thirty years ago, would have been regarded as rankly Radical. The new Reform Bill, we are assured, is "household suffrage, with a discriminating machinery ;" and again, says old Maga, " we would rather trust the workingmen of Eng- land to sustain the great institutions of the country, than we would trust not a few of their employers." So, too, in an article on Strikes and Trades Unions, we find the whilome champion of Toryism writing in this wise :--" Strikes may be unplea- sant to all concerned ; but they may be none the less necessary and useful. Some greedy capitalists require looking after, lest they grind the workman down too much, and produce increase of pauperism and crime, and so lay burdens upon the general community which it ought not to bear." Shade of John Wilson, what a change in tone ! A critical examination of the Duke of Argyll's " Reign of Law" exhibits a close agreement between the author and his critic in regard to the doctrine that mind and not matter is the primal power of the universe. Mr. Cheadle, who accompanied Viscount Milton in his adventurous journey across British North America, describes some of his sporting exploits in Rupert's Land in quest of the silver fox. Apropos of the recent works of Messrs. Donne and Jesse, a re- viewer answers the question, "Was George the Third a constitutional king?" in the affirmative ; and adds, that " his object was to become, if that were possible, the king of a whole people and not of a party. He struggled hard to attain that end, sacri- ficing in pursuit of it personal ease, private affections, and, more than all the rest, the faculties both of mind and of body." In a scholarly notice of half a dozen rhymed versions of- Dante's great Trilogy, the palm of excellence is awarded to the terza rima trans- lations of Messrs. Dayman and Cayley respectively. Fraser opens with an acceptable article on Education, in which the worthlessness of the present system is exposed, and the following principles advocated :-The maintenance of the public schools by a local rate, disbursed by local management ; indirectly compulsory in- struction ; and the adoption of the denomi- national system in regard to religious teach- ing. A lucid exposition of the import of Professor Maurice's writings has been under- taken by a competent and friendly hand ; their leading characteristics being pronounced to be these :-" To detect the purposes of God in all the movements of the world ; to find in all the mental processes an element pro- founder than the reaches of human thought; to realise God as ever striving to conform the rebellious wills of men to his will; and to fool assured that his gracious purposes will ultimately triumph." A continuation of the essays on Military Reform is followed by a lively narrative of an ascent of Mount Moro, from which we pass to a paper by Pro- fessor Rogers, in which he argues against the continued exclusion of the clergy from seats in the House of Commons, and contends that the only valid plea in its favour might be met by disabling all such persons as might be elec- ted from receiving any benefice from the Crown or its Ministers. A. K. H. B. discourses in his easy, fluent, and superficial style of moral battering-rams (i. e., aggressive re- formers), and of the revivification of mum- mies (old sermons, to wit). Mr. F. W. New- man explains the functions of the House of Lords, which he considers as exercising a greater control over Ministers than the House of Commons; while he expresses himself strongly in favour of a system of life peerages. Professor Kingsley contributes a delightful paper on "A Charm of Birds ;" and, in the guise of a review, we have a compact sketch of the life of the late Lord Plunket--perhaps the greatest of the many great orators that Ireland has produced. A glowing tribute is paid to the character and conduct of that vir Justus actenax propositi, Sir Thomas More, by a writer in the Dublin University, who observes with great truth, that "his life no less than his death left a beautiful gleam, like a bar of crimson light at sunset, on the close of the papistical era of English history." Lovers of ancient lore will thank the patient and zealous collector to whom they are indebted for the "Romances of Irish History" preserved in the present number, and forming a sequel to the collection of Wexford fictions previously published. Two other antiquarian papers, the one on several phases of Anglo-Saxon life, and the other on the rise and influence of English monarchism, seem to have been written with a degree of archaeological enthusiasm which is not likely to be shared in by more than an extremely limited number of readers. The concluding article, on Railways and the State, is favour- able to the purchase of the former by the latter. A curiously closo parallel to the thirty hours' conflict in our own Assembly will be found described in Macmillan, under the title of "The Battle of Burke's Minority in the House of Commons." It took place on the 12th of March, 1771, when the majority, 140 in number, endeavoured to bring up certain printers to the bar of the House, and were strenuously opposed by a minority of forty-three, led by Edmund Burke. The struggle was prolonged for twelve hours, and twenty-three divisions were taken. " Though beaten outwardly, the minority in reality were the victors," and Mr. Palgrave, the writer of the sketch, agrees with Burke that "posterity" does "bless the pertinacity of that day," inasmuch as it had the effect of convincing authority that it was liable to be thwarted and impeded in its efforts to fetter or destroy the liberty of the press. One of the minority proposed that if the obnoxious printer were brought before the House he should be accompanied by " all his compositors, pressmen, correctors, blackers, and devils." The majority objected to the "devil," but Burke would not hear of his omission. "He is the most material personage in the whole business," satirically remarked the great orator. The apparently paradoxical thesis that human progress pro- motes war, which is, in itself, destructivo of progress, is sustained with considerable in- genuity by Mr. Edward Dicey, who sees no hope for the prevalence of pacific principles unless in the gradual assimilation of one nation to another, and in the universal exten- sion of the feeling that nations have com- mon interests, independent, if not superior to, those of their respective nationalities. Schoolboys will be horrified to learn that a contributor to this magazine is earnestly denouncing the long holidays now given in public and private schools, and insisting upon their being materially curtailed. But we live in a revolutionary epoch. In the Fortnightly, Professor Tyndall com- bats the orthodox views as to miracles and special providences, sustained by Mr. Mozley in the Bampton Lectures for 1865 ; and re- ferring to that gentleman's appeal to the affections to supplement deficient evidence in support of scarcely credible phenomena, the profcssor acutely remarks :-" The affec- tions and emotions are eminently the court of appeal in matters of real religion, which is an affair of the heart, but they are not, I submit, the court in which to weigh allega- tions regarding the credibility of physical facts. These must be judged by the dry light of the intellect alone, appeals to the affections being reserved for cases where moral elevation, and not historic conviction, is the aim." The comedies of Plautus, who is styled the Roman Molière by his critic, form the subject of a pleasantly written essay by Mr. Ralston, who expresses a not un- natural surprise that " he is so little known, so rarely quoted, so seldom even mentioned." Mr. O'Neil, A.R.A., continues his critical survey of the pictures in the Paris Exhibition, and passes an unfavourable opinion upon the works of two artists-Tchagenny and Schendel-- of whose works we possess specimens in the Victorian Gallery. A dull and laboured article on the relations between the Crowns of England and Scotland will possess little inte- rest for the general reader ; and Mr. Moles- worth's History of the Reform Question from 1848 to 1866 " is also somewhat operose. Mr. M. D. Conway writes very hopefully of the prospects of reconstruction in the United States ; while the editor's digest of public affairs gives us the political history of the month as compendiously as need be. In an article on pagan poetry in England, by M. L. Etienne, in the Revue des Deux Mondes for the 15th of May, Mr. Swinburne's satyr-like sensuality receives an impressive and dignified rebuke. His verses are compared to the morrow of an orgy. He is in impious revolt against heaven ; whilst he anathe- matises women, and revels in ideas and ima- gery drawn from bloodshed and lust. If he would take counsel of the old Greek poets, whom he professes to admire, he is admo- nished that they would speak to him thus : " Poet, respect neither your passions nor your pride, but your dignity and your fine talent. Be virile. Imitate your ancient masters ; if they were pagans, at any rate they were men.'' Mr. Palgrave's excellent work on Central Arabia, which has been translated into French by M. Jonvcaux, is reviewed at some length ; and there is a masterly critique of Gounod's Romeo and Juliet, from the pen of M. Blaze de Dury, who places that composer far below Mendelssohn, Rossini, and Meyer- beer. Indeed, the critic, who is a laudator temporis acti, seems to believe that the great intellectual banquet provided for us by the poets, philosophers, painters, and composers who flourished during the first half of the present century is well nigh over, and that nothing remains to us but a dessert of sweet- meats- sumptuously served, it is true, but only sweetmeats, nevertheless. An article on the stationary, if not retrogressive, census of the French population is calculated to have a disquieting effect on the minds of French statesmen and military officers. The writer shows that in the provinces, between the years 1846 nnd 1861, there was an abso- lute decrease of 749,044 souls ; and that there is a progressive diminution in both the annual number of marriages and of births. M. For- cade, in his Chronicle of the Fortnight, congratulates England on her successful in- tervention in the affairs of Europe in re the Luxemburg question, praises the frankness and rectitude of Lord Stanley, and remarks, in reference to the Reform Bill, that Mr. Disraeli promises to win and wear the blue riband of the political Derby. Belgravia is taking a foremost place among; the shilling magazines ; and Miss Braddon is exhibiting in her story of Birds of Prey that sort of constructive ingenuity which was supposed to be the special gift of Mr. Wilkie Collins. Apart from this, her picture of the Yorkshire farm-house and its inmates is quite a prose idyll. Mr. Sala, who has always struck us as being a " good hater," contends, in "Letters from Lilliput," that there cannot be such a thing; but, he asserts, there may be many little haters, who are the meanest of the mean, and the vilest of the vile. His classi- fication of them is excellent ; and, after enu- merating twelve varieties, he throws in a thirteenth, comprising "the people who don't know you at all," whose malignity transcends that of all others. Mr. Thornbury takes us round three of the London squares, and points out the houses which have been occupied by celebrities, incidentally suggest- ing that, as Hogarth has no statue, such a memorial might be appropriately erected in Leicester-square, in which half his life was spent. Most of the other papers in the pre- sent number are light and lively, while the vers de société and the illustrations materially add to its attractiveness. Temple Bar is strong in the department of fiction ; and if people are not tired of the very name of Hamlet, they may learn how a country actor was arrested on the afternoon of his benefit by a bum-bailiff, how the func- tionary consented to the performance being proceeded with only on condition of his (the bailiff) sustaining the character of the Ghost, and how the latter persisted in presenting himself upon the stage at unseasonable times and places, to the consternation of the melan- choly Prince and the diversion of the audience. A paper on " Cliques and Criticism " is de- voted to show that the former "really con- stitute the great curse " of the latter ; that authors, artists, and actors in England are eulogised or cut up according as they belong to a particular coterie or club ; and that while the Yahoos (or members of the Garrick Club) praise themselves and abuse everybody else, "that highly intellectual and aristocratic set calling itself tho Superfines" (or Saturday Reviewers) pitch into every- thing emanating from the Yahoos, and re- serve their honey and butter for their own clique. The only remedy suggested by the writer for this state of things is the more rigid maintenance of anonymity by authors and critics ; but unfortunately this is ex- tremely difficult, and in some communities next to impossible. A new story is commenced in the Cornhill, under the title of "The Bramleighs of Bishop's Folly ;" the locale and the characters intro- duced resembling those with which Mr. Charles Lever has rendered us so familiar. An ancec- dotical paper respecting "slips," on and off the stage, repeats a good many well-worn stories, and supplies very few new ones. A clever translation of an old fairy tale into actual fact has been accomplished by the writer of "Beauty and the Beast," who shows how much prosaic truth may be enveloped in poeti- cal allegories. The recent demonstrations in Hyde-park have suggested the compilation of a narrative of what English mobs have said and done from the days of Sacheverel to those of Sir Charles Wetherell. A further instal- ment of " Stone Edge" is followed by the Log of a Hull Whaler, in which we have an unpretending picture of the perils and profits of the Northern fisheries. It ought to stimulate whaling enterprise in these seas to be told that such is the great demand for whalebone, which is now worked up for every conceivable article of use, that it has reached a marketable value of nearly £700 per ton. Two of the American monthlies--Harper's and the Atlantic-are lying before us; and it is gratifying to observe that neither of them contains a single ar- ticle pirated from the periodical litera- ture of the mother country. In point of ability, the Boston magazine (the Atlantic Monthly) is far ahead of its New York rival and predecessor. One of the best papers in the former is entitled, "Among the Come- dians," and is mainly devoted to a critical estimate of Mr. Joseph Jefferson, and of an actor who is styled his pupil, Mr. John Sleeper Clarke. Of Mr. Jefferson the critic writes as genially as Lamb wrote of Munden, or of Elliston. Thousands of our readers will acknowledge the truth of this :--"Mr. Jefferson's features are at all times the run- ning commentary of the text. In the moment- ary pauses between sentences, or even parts of sentences, his face foretells the coming bursts of humour or pathos, as surely as the overcharged summer sky presages the lightning's flash. The wide blue eyes and the nervous, sensitive mouth are as illustrative of the artist's power as the utterance of the most sonorous passages." Speaking of his qualifications generally, the critic observes :-" While Mr. Jefferson is essentially an American actor (and by that we mean imbued with the dramatic spirit of the new nation), he has formed his style so thoroughly upon that of the best old English players, that he is almost the only young American actor retaining the excellence of that old school, whose followers were quiet, modest, learned gentlemen off the stage, and matchless actors on it. His range of characters is as wide as that of any contemporary come- dian, embracing almost everything in comedy, from his exquisite delineation of the pathetic story of Caleb Plummer, in ' The Cricket on the Hearth,' to that of the broadest of broad farce, Diggory, in ' The Spectre Bridegroom.' And they are all full of that simple tranquility, propiiety, and freedom from exaggeration ration which characterise the true artist. None other, however, is so marked by his peculiar excellence as his Rip Van Winkle." A warm tribute of praise is likewise paid to Mr. Jefferson's cousin--the Farren of the American stage--Mr. William Warren, the Charles Surface par excellence of the last generation, and the Sir Peter Teazle sans pareil of the present. America has reason to be proud of such actors.____________ 