OUR MONTHLY SUMMARY. The Mail close at six o'clock p.m. on Saturday next, 24th inst. Our Summary for trans- mission to the United Kingdom, India, &c.; will be published on that morning, and will be forwarded to addresses sent to the office in times for posting. The subscription is five shillings per annum paid in advance. Single copies Sixpence. FOSSILS.—We understand, that a very fine collection of fossils has been forwarded by Mr. Thomas Hainsworth, to Professor McCoy for presentation to the Melbourne Museum. These fossils were collected by Mr. Heisns. worth on the north coast, chiefly, if not ex. elsively, from the vicinity of Table Cae. fTRtANGcOESBt IN ,PAUITANENT -The.: Naw, South jWales,, fousel of, Assembly.,,has.just agree:.tg the following n0otio0:: -, That'dur; ing any divisipn,iatrangera.otn:the right -.and left f.,the Chair%~anyiremainji asu ellras those b919Wa.thl bar, Qrtinthe galleries,.,ins, less;o tlrwise ordered.'~:,;v., '.,.ts i ad , ui ' " .r.twona. T s,. new pnecibs of'sillci worm haveo reiBntly bliein xntroducdfo Euxi± pidaii"nahufafit{iin erli' Ohne" of' the'eis" tli oak feediIng insect of Chiiih," thi 'Arith'ierkk Per niy. h It 'produce's ,wht` is" 'kniowni,'e mountainasilk,'which' varies it'value daccordl ing to the "food" f the ' creature. 'The trees fed-upon'arxe Qeereus A2foegoica, Q.Q Obovata, and'Q ' ei, rota; the, latter 'yielding"the" best silk?" The docooi:ai. ;very large, ndid tlierb are two crops a yeai:." The next 'species 'of worii i~ indigenous to South Africa, and hah just"been" discovered by Mr. Hellier, of' "Grahamstown. It feeds on thb minmosa thorn, but does not appear yet to have received a specific name. The cocoons arc des cribed as being about three times the aize and weight of those of the ordinary silkworm" The thread is deficient in brilliancy, but it id just as strong as the mulberry silk, and quit6 as fine. Any amount of the raw matersal'is to be had for the picking. A few native bbys collected a bagful in an hour or two in the neighborhood of the city. Mr. Foellier'says the, cocoons may be collected in shiploads. Should any of our readers require fuller' in formation .respecting either of. these vorI.s weo shall be happy to' furnish it. ''. ST diro r ~JoMUNIoN BAPsTsTS.-The oipe ing services of this, denomination, were preached. in the Town Hall on "Sunday, b 'Mr. Cozdens, wlhbohas only' lately arrived'l ? the colony Services will be continied, in this building dring the ensing twelve Lighthouses.-- The Government of New South Wales contemplate extending the electric telegraph to their various lighthouses. The importance of this ship cannot be ques- tioned if the expense is not too great. It is very desirable that in any case, of emergency arising in the vicinity of a lighthouse, intelli- gence should be instantly forwarded to the nearest locality from whence assistance might be obtained. The subject has just been mooted in Parliament, when, in reply to Mr. Weekes, the Postmaster-General said a sum of £1750 has been recommended to be placed on the estimates for 1868 for an extension of the line from Morpeth to Port Stephens lighthouse ; and a further sum of £2500 for an extension of the line to Eden, with the view of carrying it to the Gabo Island Lighthouse. . Tna ,BLa SWAN.-Our readers 'will l'e glad to learn that an attempt is to he. madeto raise the Black Swan by means of two float ing dockse,:eithyr one of: which has soflicient tower to lift the sunken vessel. 'The dlcks will be moof'd iimmedistely over the' Swan. "Three-inch hains-thobpnly, ones of sufficient size in the colony-will then be passed undqy the bottom of the wreck, and the ends attached to. the doeks- previously sunk in the water about 20 feet. When everything is secure the dock pimps will be set to work, and as the water they contain is gradually pumped out they will, as a matter of course, rise, lifting the wreck. at the same time. When they are raised to the fullhheight the floating mass will be. towed into shallower water, and the operition repeated until. the sunken yeasel,j's suficiently.raised to allow temporary arrsagp ments. : to boe made 'to float., hqr. Tho . principal difficulty is in securing chains',, of. soficient strength, to hearthe ;enormous,weight of an iron,,yvcsel. ,Woode' vessels when sunk are comparatively bunoyant. A very good nautical authority says .he never beard of. an iron vessel of any cop. aiderable size being raised out of 20,lathoms water.,; The Swan,. however, is only in four fathoms, : and as the appliano"s are ,goodl, .there isievery reason to hope the tiask will ,p accomplished. . , ,, : LoNDno: M eseroNAnv SocaTYr.--Thlrs ._, elety has now 155' missions, lea actually in the field, engaged in various partsoel the' world- India; Ohina, Africa, Madagascar, the ,islands df the Pacific, &o.;, &e.; But such extended operations, which seemed forced upon it by the peculiar developments of "' the age we live in," have entailed a very large outlay, and at the last annual meeting of the society, held on 9th May, it was stited that the expendi. ture for 1865.7 was £21,000 in excess of in come. This startling announcement, however, did not cause the friends of the society to dob pair: they resolved that whilst the utmost economy should be observed, its agents should not be reduced, and that an effort should be muide toinorease the home income by at'least £10,000 per 'annum.' ThisTesolutin has lroteiendce' tithe futire, but te' meet the im medlite' wats ot tl eo ese (we now quote from The ' C1l:ittian's i, F?nny ' Alagazine fort." June) ' " an' appeal 'is at once " to; be made for a special fund of £25,000: "To this amount'several noble sums have been already promised. Mr. Hopkins, of Tasmania, 'offers £500 if forty- nine other gentlemen will do the same. To thischal lenge Mr. Jape has responded by p!edging £1000, which he will give himself, or raise from the Wilts and Somerset Association. Mr. Wtloh pledges himself for £500. Mr. Perry, without giving definite promise, is also committed to an acceptance of the challengo on behalf of the county of Essex. Mr. Had field concluded his speech at Exeter Hall by saying, 'Instead of the £100 I have given every.year, put tie down for £1000.' We trust that these.are but the first eaes'of t~se owmihg"Ihi'rvest." The following telegram from Wellington has been published at Dunedin :-- "Captain Lyons, of the Cbarybdis, has received advices referring to the Duke of Edinburgh's visit. He is expected to arrive here about the end of November or in December. To avoid jealousy, he will visit the Australian colonies in geographical order, West Australia first." THE BISHOPSBOURNE MURDER.-- A corres- pondent residing in the neighborhood of the murder, writes that the murdered man Harris "was a decent, faithful, and quiet man ; and as all the parties are known, every house is panic-stricken, all asking, ' who, next ?' and the appalling Fullerton tragedy is vividly recalled to memory. No officer could have exerted himself more than the Superintendent of Police, Mr. Perkins, to unravel this atrocious crime. One of the prisoners, "Tom the Swamper," bears a bad character, but it would not be right to create a prejudice against him before his trial. TRINITY CHURCH.-- The Rev. M. B. Brownrigg, of Ross, preached in Trinity Church on Sunday in the,' morning and even- ing to large audiences. Collections were made and liberally contributed to. From the state- ments made by the Rev. gentleman, the school appears to be in a flourishing condition. RIFLE MATON - The second of the series of matches made up between Tasmanians and Europeans came off on Saturday at the butts, the latter again coming off victorious. The weather was not so fine as could have been desired, the wind blowing hard from the northward. The last of the series will be fired on Saturday next. The following are the scores : Europeans - Coulter,, 15, 18, 13, 11, 2 - 59; Smith, 16, 13, 10, 11, 5 - 55; Webb, 13, 9, 14, 7,10 - 53; Hudson, 12, 12, 17,10, 6 - 67; Total 224.- Tasmanians - Martini, 15, 8, 15, 14, 10 - 62; Ferguson, 15, 13, 15, 10, 7 \- 60; Moore, 14, 3, 8, 8, 11 - 41; Irvine, 13, 5, 11, 4, 6 - 39; total 205. The ranges w'ere 200; 300, 400, 500, and 600 yards. FOOTBALL.-- A match was played on Wind- mill Hill, on Saturday, Mr. H. Stewart acting as captain of one.team, and Mr. Hamilton of the other. The team tinder the direction-of Mr. Stewart made three goals, while his op. ponent's team made only one. IMPonRTANT DIsOovEnY.-The following abstract of a letter of the celebrated French savant;.Dr. Teliphi P. Desmartee, addressed ko a gentleman ot our a,.quaintanco (says, the Pda'nbar'Stdr) id this city, conveys informa. tbIin of siobh value that we cheerfully give it 'plitce in our colums. For the sake of poor suffering humanity, we hope that further ex perimentsawlil give to these great discoveries the position they deserve amongst the most important of our remedial agents:-" From my experiments which were published, I have been able to ascertain that the poisonous matter co..tained in the wasps and bees being inoculated destroys rheumatism and neuralgia; and thit of the Cereeris (1) produces insensi bility. (2). And that the poisonous matter of various fishes, as well as that of the Weever fish. (3), (Trac¢ina draco and Trackina vipera) oures paralysis. From all these facts I'may suppose that the poisonous matter con tained in the Thallaasophryne (4) also" cures variolosdisesses." . S*lBoorar.--It is to behoped for the sake of Humanity, to say nothing ofrreligion, that there are very few such persons in the world as the Rev. G. A. Seymour, of Holy Trinity Church, Winchester. One of his parishioners, by no means a bad.orimpenitent man, was about to die, but he had never been' baptised. Arrangements- were made'to do what Lie parents had unfortunately neglecte I ; but 'be foie the omission could be repaired the man had-breathed his last; and Mr. Seymour was so shocked by the accident that he declined to let him have all the-benefits of Christian burial. He would not be too hard ; hlie would not refuse to let the sinner's body have a reating'place in codsocrated ground, beside that of his wife; nay, such was his liberality, that he was ready to read the Burial Service over the grave. But there his concessions stopped. He would not permit the ded body to be brought into the cemetery church before it should be consigned to the tomb. The daughters of the deceased were naturally shocked at such a decree, but they submitted to'Mr. Seymour's authority ; and on 'the ap pointed day the funeral trsih loft the hbowo for the churchyard. When they got there, however, no clergynianwas to tie seen. In his place there was a messenger,, who said that the gentleman had changed his mind, hid' would' have nothing to do writh: the burial.' Mr. Seymour did not tIll why, nor hal'he intimated to the relatives beforehand that he meant to break his piomiise. Nay, he lad actually met the procession on the way to the graveyard, and even then he had offered the mourners no word of warning. Only when the coffin was on the edge of the tomb did he declare that he was too.much of a bigot to be a Christian; and the remains had to be placed in a neighborint house, and left there throughout the night, until arrangements could be made to give the unbaptised some substitute for what he believed to to a Jhrlatian buril. -The friends applied to the Rev. W.'H. Fuller, a Congregational minis ter,' and next afternoon the body was buried in unconsecrated ground, after such prayers iere said as the officiating clergyman deemed appropriate. This gentleman, on concluding the burial service, burst out into a' tirade against Mr. Seymour, which in such a' place and at such a time, was decidedly an. on:rage on public decency. CONSIDERABLE amusement was created in the Cod?rt of General Sessions, Wood's Point, on Tuesday week, by the evidence of a China man, who was proving a relationship between a juror. and the prisoner, both of whom were Chinamen... Celestial : I know that juror is a cousin of prisoner. Counsel: Wlhat rela tionslhip is that I Celestial : If, prisoner. is juror's cousin, then his father and juror' mother would be their grandfather-that is, his mothers father. w'iuld be his grandfatlier, and .theirfather's mother's mother would .be their grandfather..: The Court seemed A o ,named Thos.Dunn ,al a Jacksn while n'rescort to Oathands escaped,' aid has been recaptured. At the time of his escape he was under arrest charged with having escal'dl from gaol in 18051 Accoanrnom to 'arrangement' the' fire-boll in Cameron-street-was rung 'at'4 o'clock on Saturday afternoon for the 'purpose, of ascer taining:whether the new, Wesleyan chapel; erected in front of the station, interfered with the sound. The .experimnt has proved that the sound of the 'bll is considerably deadened liy.the:erection.: ' Persons in Wellington street, near. the Black . Horse hotel, could not hear the strokes at all, and were only able to distinguisli the peal of the bell at intervals. Of course.: the traffio of vehicles and other causes would operate to interfere with the sound, but it must also be remembered that on:tho-establishment of the second boll in Wellington-street i the -strokes from:- the Cameron-street'bell were distinctly heard and answered by the' other bell. ' The actuaries of the several' Insurance Companies have decided to' ippily 'to the Government'for per mission to erect: a-'neat bell-tower on the public buildings. The sound would certainly be uninterrupted, and no doubt the bell rung from that altitude would be of more' utility than' at'present. . . . , . 'Ma.-JAs. SPARaow shot' an eaglehawk a few days ago,. when down the coast. Its wings measured seven feet one inch from tip to tip. He gave it to Dr. Clarke, who takes great interest in, all kinds of zoological specimens. '_ OUR facetious. contemporary Fun? seems to be continually in trouble. For some weeks past he haI'again failed ,to appear,: a cuse foi whMichimayperhaps be found:. in a case, tried at'Hoba rtTown, on, Thursday, before the Stipendiary Maigistrate. The case is question was a complaint by D'Arcy 'Wentworth Lathrop Murray, calling' upon John Henry Manley to show cause why he should not pay the sum of £10 10s for work and labor done in editing Fun for five numbers, at £2 2s per number. On the part of the defendant it was alleged- ,that the plaintiff agreed not to charge anything if the journal did not' sue ceed. Fun having, failed as a pecuniary transaction defendant refused: to pay for the editing; and denied that plaintiff had edited five numbers, but admitted that he had con ducted ' Nos; 2, 3,.-aid'4., Tho'buiisess' being " piece-work"'this' if'correct would cause a curtailmient of plaintiff's claim.: Defendant stated that he had given Mr. Murray " money on several occasions in very 'small sums from half-a-crown to a pound ;"' but these sums were given. when plaintiff applied. for loans.of money. It appeared. that Mr. Maxwell Miller was first; appointed as editor, -but on his decease Mr Murray occupied the post. A Mr: Betts has since. been conducting the journal. The case.. was dismissed as the weight of the evidence appeared to be with defendant. Oust 'obituary contains the name of Alfred Bradby Douglas, Esq., Barrister at Law bf the Supreme Court of Tasmania,- whose decease.' took place: at Newstead? yestrday. Mr.- Douglas -was the eldest son of Henry Douglas, Esq., Warden of Delorsine,' and had but a few months-received the diploma of his profession., He served his articles with Adye Douglas, Esq., of this town, and was .widely known and respected.... Mr. Douglas had been a great sufferer from ill uiess for upwards of two years. ' 'Hrs Excellency the Governor, Colonel Gore' Browne, will open the 2nd session of the foitrth Parliament of Tasmania this after noon, at 2 o'clock. TsHz elephant. brought to. this colony by the brig Mercury was on view at the Horse and Jockey Hotel on Saturday and yester day. Several "visits were paid to the great creature, and the juveniles were highly delighted with it. The Mercury says :-- Amongst the passen- gers by the Southern Cross from Melbourne were Messrs. Sohier and Kreitmayer, who have visited Hobart Town for the purpose of exhibiting a collection of wax figures of Aus tralian and other celebrities in this city, and subsequently in other portions of the ooloiy. The figures .in question are taken from the establishment of Madame Sohier, of Mel. bourne. Those now about to be placed on view are said to include some of the very best in the owner's possession. Amongst the latter are effigies of the most notorious modern bousbrangers of Now South Wales, of the per petrators of the Maungatapu murders of New Zealand, and of. Searle and Ballan, the assassins of Mr. Burke, of Victoria. Wa have received the Illustrated Atel bourne 'Post for: the current month.: 'The front-page wood-cut represents an auxiliary steam-frigate, said ,to be the Galatea.', The two central: full.page cuts, " The Myers's Creek Rush'," ' and " A, Native Girl attacked. . by. , Australian Alligators," are very ' good - the latter especislly;' the' bidious' brutes being drawn with much' animation.' "The Flower, Girl" is also very tolerable, and we can (anoy that the portraits of Mr. Schafer, the pedestrian traveller, and Mr.-Walter Montgomery, the tragedian, convey a fair idea of those person. ages; but " The junction ofthe Hawkesbury and Macdonald Rivers" is cold and flat, and "The View on the South Esk, near Lann. cetoon," is anything but flattering. The spot indicated, we believe, is near k'erth, but the noble Esk is represented by a rather large ditch, which a lady and gentleman, who are leading a, child, appear, to be about to step over, :whilst some melancholy ghost-like animals on the opposite side hang their heads to the earth as if aflioted with influenzas. A xzrrna has been received at Hobert Town fom the secretary of the Acollmatisa tion Society of Otago, stating that it had been agreed to iorward £150 in appreciatioo of the eforts made here '.to introduce the salmon. At.the .meeting, in the coarse of the discuse sion, fears were expressed that the experlment of introducing the ealmon direct woold be a failure. TnU GanatIc OCLnB gave its promised en tortainment in ;aid of the Free and Industrial School i at" the' !Theatre Royal last night. The "pit and' gallery were well filled,' but the dress circle was almost vacant.' It would be extremely 'ungrateful " to.. look. ,a..gift, horse ,in the month," . or; ".to. critiei'e * the performance of an amateur club appearing :on the boards for the first'time; suffice it to say, ,he audience appeared :to'be well plessed; and extracted amusement, from the presents tion throughout the evening. The members put forth all theirefforts to please, and several acquitted them'elves in .a higrhly creditable manner. The first piece, as already stated, was the " Miller and his Men," which was gone thrJrg s without' any serious hitch; and the after piece-the farce of." the Turned Head" -went off very well, and caused many a roar of laughter. The plaudits were frequent and vociferous. We hear that between £25 :and' ' £30 was "'taken"'at the doors the expenses will absorb" a large :pro,,ortion 'of this; so weo fear there will be very little left for the school. ',Tun Penny Readings in connection with the Working Men's Club were resumed last night. The attendance was tolerably' good, and those present were gentlemen who knew how to conduct themselves properly., Siavroas in connection with the Anniver sary of the Primitive Methodist Chapel were held on Sunday, in the morning by Rev. J. Long, afternoon by Rev. F. Hibberd, anod evening by Rev. S. Williams. The congre. ations were very large, and the collections amounted to £6 12s 41. Last evening the tea.meeting was held in the chapel, and notwithstanding the threatening aspect of the weather the chapel was crowded, about 170 sitting'down to tea. ' After tesa 'publio meet. ing was held, Rev. J. Long in the chair. The meeting was addressed by the Rev. W. H. Walton, J. Lindsay, T. Lavers (of Hawthorne, Victoria), and F. Hibberd. A vote of thanks was proposed to the ladies' who had provided the tea gratuitously, and carried by aclamation. Several pieces were interluded by the choir. At the close the Chairman announced that the proceeds of the tea would be about £10. Doubtless the greatest event in the profes- sional career of a lawyer is his first case. We are glad to record the first step of this kind.. taken by. Mr. Josiah Powell,. who, " wigged and gowned,", appeared before .his Honor the Chief Justice, and a jury of, four, in 'thbo Suprme Court (Court of Requests Jurisdiction), at Hobart Town, on Thursday' last,'in Adams e; Batoe. It was a case of trover, the plaintiff, who was master of the entter Emma Jare, claiming the sum of £3 for damages sustained, in consequence of the defendant 'unlawfully taking and converting to his use the small boat or dingy attached to the cutter,'on the 28th April. On the day in question the defendant requested the' loan of the? dingy, but 'was re'used 'by' plaintiff. Shortly; afterwards the dingy' was mslsing, but was as mysteriously returned 'three' days afterwards.. In consequence of the dingy being taken away plaintiff was detained in town and lost one trip of the ressel. Bates worked on board another river boat called the Rover, and as it was proved that the" dingy was taken down .in tow of this vessel, it was endeavored to shift the responsibility from Bates to the master of. the Rover, Bates asserting that he did not know how the boat came to the Rover.' It was, however, elicited from Mr. Spriggs (master of 'the Rover) by Mr. Powell, in 'cross-examination, that Bates was actually' on' deck at the time the dingy was attached to the Rover. Although, from the amount in dispute, the case was a trivial one, yet it was, one rather difficult to prove. The friends of Mr Powell (who, it will be remembered, served his articles with the late Attorney-General, at Launceston) will therefore be glad to learn that be gained his first case, a verdict for plaintiff having been returned, Mr. Powell has opened an office in Stone Buildings, Hobart Town. 