TI dT.E AATEIUR DRAMATIC S PE1E2AFO22ANC1O. On Tuesday evening the Salo Ama teur Dramatic Club gave the first of their present series, of performances in the Moechlnis' Institute. The unpro pitious state of the weather militated against the success of the affair in a pe cuniary pointi of view, rain having fallen continuously throughout the evening, to which may boeattributed the comparative paucity of thile attendaence.. Tthe audience, however, was a diseriminating one, and bestowed its plaudits opportunely. The first piece prosontedwas the melodramaof " Robert Mucaire." In constituting the progranme, the club were actuated by a desire to select such plays as would not necessitate a. large expenditure upon scenic effects and other auxiliaries, and .would be compatible with the talent available; but, notwithstanding this, we consider theo choice of '. Robert Macaire" a most. injudicious one. The absence of the customary musical. melange with which the programme was varied on former occasions, was much felt, and a general opinion prevailed that the doe viation from the established rule was in 'cepodieht. Thle drama of Robert lMacnit'e in itself posseses little to recommend it to an audience, the plot is poorly worked out and inexplicit, and the incidents are un interesting; . Mr Bromley assayed, the character of the hero, the adamantine hearted, 'accomplished and -abandoned villain from whom the drama deriycs its appellation, and Mr Lyon his eccentric and weak-nerved comrade, dncques Strop. Mr Bromley has so frequently appeared to advantago upoli the boards that he cannot be criticised altogether with the leniency generally extended to amateurs. In the first place, his make-up was rather overdone, and lie evinced a decided pro pensity to curry the mannerisms attached to the character to the extreme. The grand fina!e, or dying scone, allorded an excellent opportunity for the indulgence of his desire, which lie did not fail to gratify, sand the scene was therefore painfully.prolonged and. came very near merging into the ludicrous. Admirable aid to rendering it so was lent by one of the gens'd'srmes, who, with the utmost nsireit, illustrated his .suspicious of the genuineness of the dying throes of thle. robber by retaining his musket in the position known in military phraseology as tihe " sappoe ting arms'! over his pros trate formi, andt by raising the piece to the " present" townrlt' tllhoa'' inix as if with the philanthropic determination of ter iinating such unnlatural struggles. Weo now turn to Jacques. Naotwitlstanding the undoniablo adaptation of Mr Lyon for low comedy, Ie has appeared to more ud vuntago thau hel didh on Tuesdany evenig. The :satisfactory pourtrnyal ofthei:part 'assigned ,to.himn requires a species of abandon rarely . to be discovered in amnteurs. Nevorlhcloes, Iis acting was deserving of praise. Mr Stormont, as Dunmont,- elevated that character from .the insignificaut position it occupies in the hands of many. His gentlemaily deportment, correct enuncia. tion, and lho pathos which he- infused into the interview with the wronged and disconsolate Mario merits approbation. Mr Mitcholson made a respectable, though rather passihless, .Chalrles. 110 irceived thie announcement of the death of his fatlar-in-law with remarkable sang f'oid; antl Ifr Smith. might with ad- vantago have borrowed a little'more vi vagiousness in personuting the trim little waiter, Pierroe ; lis dress; however, was capital. MIr fock appcnred for the first time in Sale as Germeuil, and displayed somo ability in thatpoeculiar line towhvlich the character boloats' Tiho part of Marie was allotted to Miss Skeene, but that young lady owidently requires consider. ahlo practice ere she will be able efl'ee tively to puortray i character of this des criptlbn. The part 'lof Mario is a peculiar one, 'embodying no small amount of' emotional 'display'-of 'an exceedingly delicato nature. Clemen tins 'was performed by a youing lady amateur, whose name, however, is not announced.' Thd ihole of the subordi nato - parts were, with few exceptions, tolerably well rendered. The intermo diato portion of thoe programme coinmprised a selection from liamlet, Mr. T. Robin son assumilg the part of the Prince of Denmark, Mr. Jamieson that of Horatio; and ilr. Mitchelson Marecllus, Mr. Stor mont 3Bernardo, 'and Mr. Geeo. Roynolds the Ghost ofi nmlet's fisther. Tlhe man nor in' which this selection las given took several by siziprise:'' "Mfihy had come' prepared to endure thio vociferous declan-. matory nonsonso with which this tragedy is associated in' the minds of a certain class, but'on the contrary the mnateurs appeared determined to dispense entirely with the rant. This was more particularly discernible in the.acting of Mr. Robinson. In justice to this gcntlemnn we must say that his interpretation of the text was cxccedingly ood, his facial expres sion carofidly studiedl and appro priate without being over-wrought, and his make up as correct as could be expected under the eircum stnnces. Were Ilis elocutionary powvers equal to his conception of the part, few amateurs would be able to excell Mr. Robinson, in delineating Shakespeare's magnificent creation, Mhr., ,Tamioson's rendering of the. character of- Horatio, was charnatorisod by much restraint, and his words were too awlcardly empha sied ; whilst hMr.' Mliteholson was an exceedingly' tame' Marcellus,' and' Mrr. Stormont scarcely noted with his wonted ability in the minor part of Bernado. lhao ghost was susltainod by Mr. Georgo Reynolds, in a meritorious manner, hIis part was spoken carefilly,' and" with commondable correctnesso; his action was dignified, and his make up was as cll cient as possible without going to expense, The evening's entortainment concluded with the polmlar farce of Box and Cox, inwhichl Mr.'IYromnley appoeared as Box, and mnal' en amplo amendo for Isis prtovious shlortcomings in the drama, iy the:versatility of humour' whiclh he dis-' played, andin conjunotion with 1n-. I. .lSmith,'who suppoitod the lchnrhiter of Cor'very credintably indeed, succeeded in kopiltig the "'isiblo 'faculties 'of'thel audience hc'felli'play. ' tlias Skeene made an egreoeablo Mrs. Bouncer, and hully 'elmonstrated the fact that comedy was herforto rathler tloi drama. The curtain fell at ibuoit Ialf-pnSt 11 o'clock; and the acdien ce depairted nipanroctlly well ileased with the evenings eoitertainaeont. , The performances wero rselented last evening to a nuImeCrous and apprecintive audionce, ansd noinlsprovenecnt upoc tile acting of the preceding night was visible. Henry Jerrold, a loafer, and who claims to bo a Irothlor of thIles te Douglas J'orrold, has turned ulip again at Glenlyon. lPascing thie BIridg liotel tlhere, he broke one of 1the 'indows because thIe landllord wouald no. ctdmit so distinguished a genius. The recslt was thant the drunkard had a good thraclsing for his impudense, 