general news. WHITE. 1\. P to K 4 2\. K's B to Q's B 4 3\. Q to K's B 3 4\. Q's It's P to Q's R 4 5\. P to Q's 3 6\. Kt. to Q R 3 7\. Q to K's Kt 3 8\. P to Q's B 3 9\. Pawn takes Kt 10\. Q takes P on Q's 3 11\. Q's B to Q's 2 12\. K's Kt. to K's 2 13\. Kt takes P 14\. Castles K's side 15\. K'sR to K's square 16\. K to K's B 3 17\. K's R's P to K's'R3 18\. Q's Kt to Q's B 4 19\. B to Q's R 5 20\. K's Kt takes K'sP 21\. Q's B to Q's B 7 Tlie annual meeting of the Port Ade laide Association was held on Tuesday evening when it was resolved to dissolve the Association, Babbage>. Gn®3' B^fcon, Pre win j Jvbi -b w®re. aPPomted as a committee to fb^a month ir3' mooting then adjourned To-night Miss Grace Egerton will make her last appearance in South Australia fay giving an entertainment at the Town Hall, PortAde° laide, " Odds and Ends " being the chosen pro gramme. Pursuant to the determination arrived at by the ratepayers of Port Adelaide at their public meeting, held at the Town Hall on the evening of June 21, the Council met this morn ing, and declared a special rate of 6d. in the pound on the assessment. The diorama of the American War was exhibited at the Town Hall Port Adelaide, on Tuesday evening. The hall was crowded to excess, and those present were so much de lighted, that they made Mr. Bachelder promise again to exhibit the diorama at Port Adelaide, before he took his departure from the colony. We understand that in consequence of the great success of the diorama, it is the intention of Mr. Bachelder to exhibit it for four nights at the Town Hall, Adelaide, at million prices, commencing on Saturday evening next. Doubt less, considering the superiority of the enter tainment, and the pleasure it has afforded all who have witnessed it, the Hall will be well filled on each occasion. On Tuesday evening a chess tourna ment commenced between Gawler Town, and Port Adelaide, the ^ players being Messrs. Popham and Brunskill (two members of the Gawler Chess Club), white; and Messrs. TTpH and Braddock, Port Adelaide, black. The play commenced at 8.5 o'clock by white winning the first move, and the following were the moves during the evening and the present position of the game. The tournament will be continued this evening, and, as will be perceived, it being black's turn to move : ~ BLACK. 1\. P to Q's B 4 2\. P to K's 3 3\. P to Q's R 3 4\. K to Q's B 3 5\. P to Q's Kt 3 6\. Kt to Q's 5 7\. P to Q's Kt 4 8\. P takes B 9\. P takes Q's P on Q's 6 10\. Q to Q's R 4—check 11\. Q takes Q's R P 12\. P takes Q's P 13\. P to Q 3 14\. Q to Q's 2 15\. P to K's 4 16\. Kt to K's B 3 17\. P to K's R 3 18\. R to Q's Kt square 19\. QtoKt'3 20\. B to Q's Kt 2 At the meeting of the Executive Council, on Tuesday, June 25, Mr. Justice Boothby attended and read two protests, which he handed in. He asked for an adjournment, which was refused, but he was informed that reasonable time would be allowed him to prepare his defence. His Honor retired, and the en quiry proceeded. Mr. Stow, Q.C.,Jand the Crown Solicitor were examined on "the charges. Mr. Pelham provedjcopies of judgments, a letter from His Honor to the President of the Ex ecutive Council, and other documents. The Private Secretary proved certain correspondence and other documentary evidence. Mr. O. K. Richardson produced evidence that His Honor, on the 30th January, 1857, applied for the appointment of Acting Chief Justice, which he received on the 5th February following, under the Act he now impugns.. The Auditor-General showed by the public accounts that His Honor received the increased salary attaching to the office. His Honor's signature as Acting Chief Justice was exhibited and identified. The Council did not rise till about 5 o'clock, having adjourned till to-day, at 11 a.m. The St. Francis Xavier's Hall bazaar was continued on Tuesday, June 25, when the Hall was_ the scene of much activity. There still remain a number of things.on hand, and the fancy articles which remain unsold will be sold by auction to-night, which is the last night of the bazaar. The wrestling matches at the Royal Hotel, Moonta, ended on Monday evening. The weather was glorious, and a large crowd assem bled. The playing is said to have been very good, and the following were the winners :— Samuel Stevens, first prize; James James, second do.; Joseph Liddicote, third do. We have been shown a collection of capital photographs by Mr. N. J. Caire, includ ing one of the Stow Memorial Church, one of a fanoy ghost scene, and several taken from some pencil drawings, by Mr. Adam G. Ball. The drawings are well worth seeing. One repre sents the return of natives from the chase, and is extremely well executed; the native with the kangaroo on his shoulders ; the lubras approach ing with firewood; the old man at the foot of a gumtree getting up the fire; and the pleased countenances of all, are very natural. The shading is good, the scenery truly Australian, and all the details that fill up the picture show care, knowledge, and skill. Another drawing shows a couple of aborigines with their spears, standing on a rock looking over the low land in search apparently of game, or the whitefellows' cattle. Both these drawings show that the artist has studied from nature, and thoroughly understands his subject. The usual quarterly soiree in connec tion with the South Australian Institute took place in the Town Hall, on Tuesday evening, June 25. The attendance was very large, the hall being nearly filled. Mr. John Howard Clark presided, and m initiating the proceedings, remarked that as it was customary on such occasions, he would say a few words. During the last quarter the annual examination of the books belonging to the Library had been made, and in consequence he was enabled to lay before them one or two statistics. The number of volumes at the present time was 14,000, show ing an increase of 1,100 since the previous examination. He felt confident that all the fiends of the Institute "would be gratified at the increase in value and usefulness of the wnnn . ^hhi the last 12months as many as 56,000 issues had been made. Those facts he considered were conclusive evidence of the growing necessity to enlarge their building, and. be trusted that in the approaching session of Parliament, a sufficient amount would be placed upon the Estimates for the purpose. They wanted not only more accommo dation for the Library, but they needed a larger Reading-room, the one at present in use being very inconvenient, on accqunt of its smallness. Ihey also wanted more room for the Museum, and that he considered the most important of all their wants. The programme that evening consisted of an entertainment by Mr. and Mrs. George Case, whose abilities required no com ment (from him, and a lecture hy Mr. Flood. Without occupying their time further, he would ask Mr, and Mrs. Case to commence. The talented artistes alluded to then gave an abridg ment of "The Lost Party." The characters selected were Sprouts, Mrs. Major Buster, John Mangles, Trubbles, and Miss Polyphemia Scrog gins. As these impersonations have been pre viously described, and the various excellencies of the delineations set forth, it is unnecessary to say anything beyond that they were all well sustained, and_ that laughter and merriment prevailed during the whole of the time Mr. and Mrs. Case engaged the attention of th audience. Mr. W. H. Flood next delivered lecture on " Reminiscences and Sketches of Se Life," After making some prefatory remarks he proceeded to allude to the great improve* merits which had of late years been effected in navigation, andthendilated upon the courageous ness of the British sailor. He narrated in teresting incidents in his life when a midship man, and having alluded to the privations en dured by seamen, he referred to the fact that the greater portion of the sailors employed by England at the present time were foreigners, which he did not think would be ultimately found conducive to the country's welfare. In conclusion, he read a very mirth- provoking sketch of sea life. Mrs. Case having again en tertained the assemblage by her splendid singing and capital acting, and Mr. Case by his excellent instrumentation, the programme was brought to a termination shortly before 11 o'clock by the National Anthem being sung. On the motion of Mr. N. Blyth, M.P., a vote of thanks was accorded to the lecturer and Mr. and Mrs. Case, after which the meeting dispersed. Mr. Charles Young's benefit, on Tues day evening, June 25, at the Victoria, was a great success in every respect. The house was well filled, and the performances were received with enthusiastic approbation. The first piece played, was "Dido," a magnificent burlesque, in which Mr. Young took the leading character, and as Dido kept the audience in shouts of laughter. None of the humor of the burlesque was lost, and the local hits introduced were very successful. Several exquisite comic songs were introduced, and rewarded with vociferous cheenng. The parody on "Shells of the ucean jwas a gem, and received an encore, with which Mr. Young complied. Anna was well represented by Mrs. Jackson, while AEneas round an amusing representative in Miss ml. St^rt O'Brien as Iarbas was very good, and the other parts were well sustained. \+ r SqUe c^ot be described, it re quires to be seen, and those who saw " Dido," as it was played on Tuesday night, would be • Sr g^m' for itia the best thing in the comic line we have had this season Tb\ comedy of "The i?°£bbl«» followed. This was one of the earliest pieces put on the stage this season by the nre sent company, and was then rapturously received, some of the passages haunting the memories of the audience for davf after. It suffers nothing by repetition, and was again productive of the most alarmingly sidesplitting effects. The pieces were chosen with great judgment, a3 peculiarly suited to the benefit night of an exquisite and finished come dian. At the close of the last piece Mr. Young was called before the curtain, and greeted with tremendous cheenng, and on quiet being re stored, responded in suitable terms, and think ing the audience for their support, bid them iarewelL The pieces for this evening are " The Black Doctor," and " The Silent "Woman." The second of Dr. Carr's farewlll seances took place at White's Booms on Tuesday evening. The attendance, no doubt, owing to the counter attractions elsewhere, was not verv large. _ Mr. F. C. Singleton presided. The mesmencal manifestations of the Doctor were highly successful and caused much laughter. A number of songs were sung by several of the subjects while under the mesmeric influence in capital style, and were loudly applauded. Pre vious to the close of the performance Dr. Carr announced that on Thursday next he would lecture on "Spirit-rapping, &c.;," a subject which he said he had studied for 10 or 11 years and he had been amongst some of the greatest professors of the art during that time. He also, announced that his three last seances would be at million prices, so as to give all classes an op portunity of seeing and hearing him, and that the entertainment on behalf of Mrs. Barclay and family would take place on Monday evening He said he had no doubt that air. Clarkson, who had engaged the room for next week, would give it up for that night when he knew the object lor which it was to be used. On Monday evening, June 24, an enter tainment was given by the Adelaide Amateur Christys, at the Oddfellows' Hall, Hindmarsh m aid of All Saints' Church. The attendance was very large. The first part consisted of son-s and glees, which were well rendered. After a short interval, the beautiful chorus "God bless the Prince of Wales" was given with fine effect. A lecture by the Bev. Canon Bussell followed. Subject— Piokwick Papers." The rev. gentle man created a deal of merriment by the amusing manner m which he related the adventures of Mr. Pickwick, and was loudly applauded on re suming his seat. " The Huntsman's Chorus'* brought the first part, of the entertain ment to a close. After an interval of 10 minutes our sable friends again ap peared, and from this time until the close-, of the performance the audience were convulsed! with laughter. Pirst came the "Four Cures"' which was encored, and deservedly sa seemg that it was well danced, and the grotesque am pearance which each one possessed. This was followed by the song "In the Bain," which was Mso encored. Then came the "Masquerade Waltz. In this piece we observed one or two had donned the female attire, and looked ex ceedingly well. It was very amusing, and was: redemanaed. As the hour was now getting advancedthe other pieces were brought on iu quick succession. "Hop Light Loo," and Walk m Joe were both encored, but in con sequence of the lateness only one was responded to. The next piece was the " Japanese Band," which we thought was the most amusing of the whole performance. It was composed of a number of individuals dressed in the style of our Chinese friends, and playing instruments, the construction of which are beyond our powers of- description ; suffice to say that they caused roars of laughter, ■ and the piece was up roariously redemanded. The whole was brought to a close by an original bur-' lesque on the gentleman who is now creating such a sensationin Adelaide by his phrenological mesmeric performances. The chair was ably taken by a well-known Government official. The heads of several of our leading politicians were very carefully sketched on the charts which were exhibited by the gentlemen who so ably performed the parts of phrenologist and mes merist. He fully delineated their different bumps, to the apparent satisfaction of the. audience, who were lavish in their applause, ►several subjects were brought under the mes meric influence, and created no end of fun by their actions, especially a very obstreperous old lady who, for some time, withstood all the: powers of the mesmerist to subdue her, but finally succumbed. Taking the entertainment altogether, it was the most successful one ever given at Hindmarsh, and must have proved very , satisfactory in a peouniary point of view. We would mention that the gentlemen amateurs who performed at Hindmarsh are not the same as those who have been so successfully perform ing in the city. The following was one of the conundrums, which we think worthy of re port :—" "Why am: Messrs. Bight, Yoods, and Hamilton de most cleverest doctors in de city? —Because dey gave Mr. Farr an emetic of English Brown stone, and made him frow up de post-office." Judge Boothby and Mb. Parkeb.—Though, of course, the proceedings in Mr. Justice Boothby's case, are not to be reported dc dies in diem, yet occasionally a stray bit of informa- • tion may be expected to eke out. We can place reliance upon the following scrap:—It seems that the lawyers employed in this case, on their arrival at Government-House, were shown into the drawing-room. His "Honor Mr. Justice Boothby arriving immediately after was cere moniously ushered into the same apartment. Aa soon, however, as he saw who was there he re fused to pass the threshold, exclaiming "Judges do not herd with attorneys." Some person present remarked that he presumed His Honor spoke with his accustomed irony. After His Honor had read a long protest containing all the topics with which the public are familiar, Mr. Parker proposed to commence his opening address, when His Honor in an excited manner demanded " Who are you?" Mr. Parker mildly replied, " Your senior at the English Bar by ten years." A 'Cute Soldier.—In the late war, an Austrian soldier received a bullet in his thigh, was taken prisoner, and was sent to the hospital He remained in bed 15 days, eating turtle-soup and drinking of the best of wine. At length it was considered necessary by the Prussian physi cian to examine the wound for the bullet. "What are you after?" exclaimed the soldier. "Looking for the bullet," was the reply. " What ! with those horrible instruments V* "Just so." "Then don't put them into my flesh, but into pocket, where you will find the bullet I pulled out the day after I came into this place," 