l vices Aim: tea-Mbbting. ; m?-- j On Sunday, 'two excellent and impressiVe : sermons were preached' by the ReV. ford to large and attentive ooj^gregaiaam - - aiter' which collections were. made, and the sum of S12 J14S. was realised. On Honcla£ the axrnnal tea nzeefcing was h«ild in the chapal, - at which there were eix trays, presided over : by Mrs. Lloyd, Mrs. W. Loc)c, ilia. J.' C. Wilkinson, Mrs. Davey, and Mrs. Allen. After the tables had been cleared away,. ; M and the. seats arranged, service was com- 7 menced by the Rev. Mr. Lloyd giving ont the hymn, 'B -fore Jehovah's awful throne,' after which he offered prayer, and then proposed that their good friend. E. Clement, Esq., be requested to take the chair, which was carried' with applause. Ms. Clshent said he was sorry not .to have been with them in the afternoon, to have partaken of tea with them, bat he had been compelled to be in Adelaide on business. He folt it a very high privilege - and honor to fill such an elevated position, and trusted he might have their, sympathies and prayers in the fulfilment of its duties, and that the spirit of the Almighty would be present at this great meeting ; that all their proceedings might be ordered to the. praise and g ory of God. He would first «%U on Mr. Wilkinson/ the treasii- ' . rer, to read the report. Ma. Wilkinson said he had some doubts as i to whether the duty, devolved upon him, but as he had been asked to do it, and that' to obey was better than sacrifice, he w^uld comply. The year's income had been .£183 2*. - Id., and the expenditure of which ,£83 was in reduction of the debt on the chapel, J61S1 2s. 6d., leaving a balance in the treasurer's hands of 19s. 7d- , The Chairma'i then called upon the Bev. Mr. Lloyd to read the annual ^report, which he -ija, atcer t&aufciug; the friends m Gawler in .his own, and in ocher denominations, for the very libaral manner in which they had coma forward to help. If they ail did their utmost he hoped that next year they would, be able to worship in the more noble building that they contemplated bu' ding. Tlje ' report showed that great accessions had been made to the church during the year, and that notwith standing every effort had been made to ac ommodate worshippers, still there were numbers of applicants, for seats upon the books, who could not be supplied.. A site had been secured for a new chapel, and upwards of .i-309 promised towards the new building. . The choir then sang the anthem, ' The Lord is King.' f The Ch&isuan; then called on The Rev. Mr. Gordon, who said that more than 10 days ago he was invited to address the meeting, and during the interval he had been trying to think of a subject for the occa sion. First SnndiLV Rfllinnla nnupnfiul. selves, but he remembered that he'had spoken on them before; then he thought of the spread of the Chnrch, but to that th*-re appeared a similar difficulty j then faoiily worship occurred to him, and afterwards . foreign missions, but to all there appeared the same objection. Before he arose in the morning— before he had quite d^ne shaking off the blan kets, this meeting was first in his thoughts ; so after breakfast he took a walk in his garden — a garden which was to him m# beaut ful ?{for men are always admirers of their own handiworks)andfor this reason ha thought more highly of his Own garden than he did of Mr. Duffield's — walking in this beaatifal garden he vhought how it had baen made by little and little ; from when he had first commenced he had made a practice of doing a little piece of wo-k in it every day, Sundays excepted, and a Wesleyan frien i had even s-iid that he had seen him at work on .a Sunday, which might be quite true, but still not in the garden. Well, from the day he bought the spade he had turned over a bit of soil every day, as if under a terrible sense of duty. Now he took a real pleasure in handling the spade, one that if anybody had told him he would he should have declared that it was impossible. Well he had come determined to speak a few words on this great general principle to-night. Little by little might be taken — mi^ht be con sidered — to nave a very wide and universal application, not only ia worldly, but also in Christian life. It is a law by which God per mits man to raise himself in a Christian life. Both the world and its maker in this act upon one common rule. A Christian is sanctifi-.-d daily and hourly, although the great work of regeneration may have been instantaneous. Little by little the Christian is raised to the perfect man in Christ Jesus. Sin must die hourly. Life is an intense earnet struggle, and our arrears of sin cannot be cleared off by a coup d'etat ; if we set out with this intent we are certain to meet with disappoint ment Borne itself was said not to have been built in a day. Patient perseverance alone can accomplish great results. This is true in its application to Sunday schools ; the class must not be expected to be perfected in a ?week. And the same in the Ministry. We may wish to convert the world at once, but God makes us work by little and little. Let us. remember this, and not grow weary in well doing,* and be confident that in due time we shall reap if we faint not. And it is the same in Chnrch progress. When you commence to build, your work3has to be slowly done to be well done. Therp are many days' aud weeks' labor beif ore the fcopiupr-stone can .be placed on the crown of the edifice. And just so the chapel proposed must be erected. ' God's church is not abnormal. True there is some ilUJCO CAUWiUAUWiJ iU A OUVlb mace of time: Peter's sermon on- the day of Pentecost converted 3,000, and immediately af terw arda 5,030 are said to have been, turned to Christ.' But this is in striking contrast, - lo our Lord's own ministry, the effects of which were only visible little by little. We must be content witu this, although some may be impatient and say, God works very slowly. We know He could do all his works in a day; we know He could send the Gospel, as — it were, by telegraph; but for eighteen cen turies He has been working little by little. Constant progres '? has been' making, just as yon see in the animal and vegetable world, as the rivulet swells into the great and mighty river, so it will be with the Gospel till the whole world is covered, as the waters cover the great deep'. Let us then pray that ''Thy Kingdom may came and reign in the heaats of all men till all -nations sha'l catch the rap turous song, 'Worthy is the Lamb that w s lain to receive, honor and praise and glory for ever and ever.' With these few suggestions, which he hoped would tend to supply fo d fcr thought and reflection, he would close. Antnem — ' l wauea pauenciy. — unappeu. The Chaxbuak then called upon The Mayor (Mr. T- O, Jones), who said be could scarcely conceive for what reason he should be as^ed to address the niceting, as he belonged to another persuasion, with Whom difierent practices are in vogae. The denonr*- ' nation to T^hibh he belonged ^had no local preachers, therefore its members were net accustomed to ^tand before an assembly, and he hoped Wm.*-- any short-comings of his. .won' d be forgiven. But though he 'worshipped in a different building, he could still hold out the right hand of Christian fellowship to other Christians. Life' he believed to be not worth living if not with religion — with religion . and the Bible f«ir a guid*. With theee ^wi sihall learn to be more useful in oar day an ^aeration/fortheBiblo is^ adapted to th ra^ud thqr vho bo nu ^ and liMd Jirill be modi the better fo it. He was %lad to be able to observe that h tad for a ions: time beeH connected with t Sunday icihool, and occasionally he addressee the children. This waa one of bis greatest Jtounnftto see their kittle faces epturnec stening. On leaving the class thoy snighl sometimes be e little noisy, and without- eauel signs «5f propriety, but -what had been-beart by them might turn ofat to be fine bread caal Upon the %atenio be'found again aftw aanj daya. 8e thanked his 'friends for this oppor tunity of meeting with them, and hoped thai in 12 months hence the mow noble structure contemplated might be available for use. He koped that he might be permitted to give hit tnite towards it. These social meetings were pleasait opportunities for all friends to unite » one common caus?. and he should be very glad if the church with- which he was con tacted would endeavor to foil into the way of them, and he trusted that day was coming. He hoped the meeting would pardon any t wptness in his address, and should he be f ivored with the opportunity of meeting them t 1 12 months time again, he trusted to be able to apaak core readily to them. The rBAxaaiAir then -called npon The Rev. J. Watsford who came forward cad Raid — Yesterday he had a hard day's work, ?ad he was really hoping to have eeen Mr. Byans. so that there might not be any occa sion for Mm to have made a very long speech. He had preached three sermons on the Sab bath. and that was quite enough for him. for he waa not so young now as he-onoe was, and whilst hearing Mr. Gordon he could not help thinking that he should have liked to have heard him keep going on little by little. Looking at the meeting before him he was reminded that there had been many changes since he had first known them, but none ap pa-'-ntly in the chapel, for still they (the , speakers), were crowded up against the wall j instead of -being on a nice large platform, but also changes in other thiftgs had taken place, great changes in the world around, great changes in politics, and many other things: - (The Rev Mr. Evans here- came in -and wa~' grevtad with some applause.) If men would, they might recognise the power of God in many things which had taken place aronnd them -great and wonderful events taking ?lace in an incredibly short space of time* 'he map of Europe had been changed, the brilliant Prussian campaign had been f-.ught, Napoleon Buonaparte checkmated, Italy libe rated. and the Pope knocked from pillar to post, and the glorious Gofepel of the blessed God preached through thfe length and breadfh of what promised to oe come Protestant Italy. What is now to be done with the old Pope he did not know ; he should not care if he soon were to be sent to Jericho. And what had been done in- America? what also in Ireland? There has been a great and general uprising, the end of which it would be :tnpossible for . anybody to foretell, but t'-ey call upon um to s'and still and see the great salvation of God. \- And whilst wq see we ninst also work—be ns it 'were co-workers with Abe Almighty. No w -nder when so many important and stirring ?rents were taking place, many prophets had arisen, and some ofthem wry false prophets indeed—for instance Mr. Baxter's book. He did not wish to impute motives, but if ever a book was written in order to make money. that book was Mr. Baxter's. People who have bought it are wondering now how they could hav j been bo silly as to buy such nonsense. There is a prophet a?so living at a place called Salisbury in this colony who calls himself . Simon 'Peter. On one oocasion when he (Mr. Watsford) was preaching this man entered the chapel unknown to him, for he had not then ' he*rd of him. He thought the announcement of his text 'seemed to cause some - amusement to the Congregation, it' 'Was 'Simon, son of ? , Jonas, I o vest thou Me,' and after the sermon the prophet came up to .him and declared that it ' as plain that he (Mr. Watsford) had a special revelation to him from God. 'Well, he had been troubled in many other ways by . prophets and oihers who wanted to make known their revelations to him. They were always writing to him or calling upon him in his study. ' Only the- other -day a deputation of 'ladies wa'ted on him, and after being shown into his study, they told him that they bad a revelation that he was to put down that .great idol crinoline. They were greatly offended w'hen he told them that; he was afraid their vevel-ition came from beneath, for the Lord knew that- he liked a little bit of crinoline. Another gentleman who thinks that in him the law and the Gospel are centred, and who eal?s himself Jesus Christ, and thinks the Millenium bas-coin*}, called upon him the other morning at breakfast-. He told him that he could not be troubled with him then, for he wanted to eat his breakfast. He had come into the town with a cart-load of turnips, which not being able to sell he was going to take on to the port, and as he had a great -arf.*hip in his hand, he judged it best to be to him. 'TTo told me that he had a reve lation that I was called npon to undertake the gr at work, and go forth and save the world and that Jesus Christ would go -with me. I asked hiiu where Jesns Christ was. He said, placing his ha*id npon his breast, ?* Here.** I told him tt at I had now no faith in him. for I did think ^be had more respect for his Lord than let 1 itn go about selling turnips.' This shows th-'t in all times of crreat calamities the minds of men are very much unsettled, like straws driven about by every wind, or we stould rot have so many Baxters. To some People these are very hurtful books to read. The * araiika some persons who should not touoh intoxicating liquors, who never can begin *ith them v ithout having a regular spree. Iu view of so much error flying about Iwou'd say to all our young men, get sounder know'edge of the truths of , our most holy religion God has been verv merciful to his people in America. Our own denomination has increased immensely during the past 12 nflfctta. It is now 100 years old in that great «WMit»y. We have also most glorious news ?*y 1 Southern Africa, where Mr. Taylor had 'J®1 laboring, not alone, bpt in connection wi u all other denominations, and by his lueans multitudes had been saved. God has indeed i blessed his work, and many preciou* soul* had been added to the number of his' people. A*d he (Mr. Watsford) should hope to see the same work going on in the colonies as there hid been in America and Ireland ; ha not care how. whether it was as a burning smoking fire, or the gentle facing of the dew; AO man dare come forward and say how God should save his people, whether only a single fleece should be wetted, or the whole flock be made glad at once;- but if all auuld but work, God would add to the church day by day of f »uoh as should be saved All persons do not think alike about this. Seme there are who believe iu revivals, and others yOra profess not to do. For his own part he oould eee nothing unscriptural in them, in a number of parsoj^'. being saved a&onoe; as it were. We:dfL00tiv$ttF derwhen we see extraordinary. (V&t;&g; in thq. natural world — we do not won-f-rfj£ftjl« eee a 1 aumber of people who arenn gtti&t;^kiif£dr ih a state of great excitement, And we iheittd be surprised if tais was not the case.. Why a wonderful billiard-player £ame to thS oolony. and he was reoeived ..with ^S^fentng shouts of applauss when he - pushed or .vjlte, -er Wack ball into a string bjfij hy the slda.of tlje i And yet if a similar amount of enlhuBiasm is e displayed about their immortal souls, some t profess to be surprised. He thought theyj a ought rather to wonder if this waa not the r sue. Some of our churches do not attempt to b do this. What did William Dawson answer a. when on one occasion a number of persons 1 were awakened, and were crying out to God t to have mercy upon them. A man came to him I who had been quietly observing it, and said, b 'Sir. I do not like this; what is all this i praying sad crying for? Why cannot the I people be more quiet ?' 'Where have you t been sitting?' said Dawson. 'Up in the \- gallery,' said the man, 'sad carefully attend . ing to all that has been going on. Said : Dawson, ' If a family sat round the fire, how i would you do if you wished to enter into the \- eiyoyment ? Would you sit on the top of the i chimney and look down, or would you go and i join them ? Ton have been sitting at the top i of the chimney, and have only got the smoke ? in your eyes.' So are a good many others ; they do not go ind warm themselves at the fire, bnt sit looking down the chimney, and only g^t tho smoke in their eyes. But worse than these are those who have ^ been warmed, and who afterwards go away into the cold — who are trying to forget- what they once learned. He once knew i local preacher who said these revivals were all nonsense. They were like the plays of our schooldays, like the tops and the marbles which sometimes came into fashion and then went out as suddenly. So with revivals, first' one day and then another. He conceived that this was very near to sinning against the Holy Ghost. Would it nol be glorious if everyone in this assembly was on his or her knee crying, out. ** God be merciful to me a sinner.' He (Mr. Watsford) longed to see more of this. The levival had reached. America, it had reached the North of Irelan 1, and he hoped he should see it in every church of every sort in this land. He believe! that we should see better ?things. In America the revival commenced in 1 A dime --f gre&t; commercial depression— it ? began wrar on\y a little, but soon spread, and ? thousands* w&S; converted, A city missionary | in New York had said to himself 'What shall ? I- do for the help of the Lord? A thousand - tongues could not preach the gospel to all i these peoplg.' This thought troubled him 4 exceedingly. And it was when Zion travailed 1 .that' she brought forth her children. That ' city missionary said, ' Lord, what will Thou ] have me to do? It occurred to him that if he j held a prayer meeting in the middle of the j day some people might perhaps come in for j five minutes in their ^dinner hour. Well, he . gave ont that there would be a pray e.- meeting ! held, and he went and knelt donn. He waited | five minutes. 10 minute*, 16 and 20 minutes, and at last there was to be heard the sound of . one person coming. He (Mr. Watsford) was afraid many would not have done this, He / himself and many here would .have left, but' j this man remained, and after a time there , were six of them. Thev prayed, and their ^ prayers .was answered, and thousands were y from this beginning brought to Christ. Many \ of these ao doubt afterwards died on the -] battlefield, and there they would bless God c that ever they had heard the joyful sound, jj Le* the beginning, you see. be ever so email it t1 will spread, and this is a matter for great thank- () fulness. But it requires help. God expects £ man to come forward to the help of the church, r and if you are oiJy faithful and obedient, no £ doubt your new chapel for his worship will be tl built. It ioav.be a question whether the times a are really so bad as they are said tc be. They a had always been bad in his (Mr. Watsford'a) (| time. They were bad as soon as he was born, h and they had remained so ever since. There n minlit be temporary depression, but tbing3 f( will take a turn, sad he hoped great success if might attend all in order that next year they p might be able to enter into their beautiful si new chapel. He (Mr. Watsford) would call si npon all who had been converted to come and ti give some practical demonstration of it. ai Remember the Jew who had experienced the 1 goodness of God, and who said to himself, cl 'What shall I do? I will go and build a tl synagogue.' He (Mr. Watsford) did not nay ai to the Chairman that he ought to build the o chapel himself. They did aot prefer that; f- though if he were to do such a thing they did not say they would refuse to accept it. But tl it is better that 'ill should combine, and a that all should feel one common interest in b the work. tl The Chaikkan said — Wesleyan Methodist* t« arrangements ate well known to all our people, p for they do not differ materially all the world over. A very good commencement had been m.ida for a new chapel, but still there remained a deht upon the old, and in order to meet the h interest of this, and also somewhat reduce the ti principal, it had been resolved to raise JU0 if oj possible each anniversary. At Templars, where tl he' was the other day, he had very great plea- a sure in saying that they had raised £54, and if ci the same was done here, they would do very B well. Times are said to be bad, but he did not y know that they were any worse as far as we are 1» concerned. The Almighty had been very good tc to us, and he trusted that these anniversary ft services would not be less productive of good tc results than the last. pi Mr. Mankey then came forward to receive ?uihacriptions, and the Chairman headed the list oi with £5. which other sums raised up to £13 14s. The Chairman then called upon tl The her. Mr. Kvaws, who expressed regret at ni not being able sooner to attend, and explained oi that he had a meeting to attend previously eiw. sc where, and should therefore, if his own inclina- tl tions bad been consulted, hare asked to he si excused from taking any active part in the (1 proceedings. But that he supposed would not f* he permitted, and he would endeavor to say a' P- few words. It had been said that ministers ai should not attend to business. However them ^ is a.church whose motto is that the end justifies d- the means This .morning a young man had sc met him and asked him if he intended to come, B and upon his rep'ying ia the affirmative had f« asked him to purchase a ticket, but he (Mr. tc Rvans) had replied by offering to sell him one. si 'What for?' said the young nun somewhat P' astonished. He said he would sell unto him pi the real genuine article very cheap, and the g) young man at once offered him one shilling for oi two. Another who stood by offered Is. 9d., but G h? thought th»* first bidder bad a right to the pi article, as he had the first offer of it. He ex- n- plained to the young man that it waa a rule at H auctions that an article should be taken with tl alt its faults, so he received Is. from the yonne ts man, and gave him the tickets with his (Mr. tl Evan's) name written upon them, which Is. would go to the collection. He found that he v could logically be excused from making a speech to-night, for the Chairman had shown c- him a programme upon which his name stood cl as before some who had spoken, and therefore it could not be the thing for him to be speaking vi then. Mr. Watsford had alluded to sensation* fc aliam. When Mr. Baxter's book came out he it (Mr. Evans) tcok it up to read it thoroughly to ir get up a lecture- upon the subject, but at la--t si lie came to so absurdly ludicrous a passage that si he g *e it up. It referred to the drying up of 1» the'sea. . Mr. Baxter hud interpreted that to tl ntran the Mediterranean, which was first to be R .dried up from the B.-kish fleet, and afterwards oi :6wered again for the ships of Lou's Napoleon, b 3l*i8 reminded him of an anecdote of Mr. b Knhinson, of Cambridge. A country minister ft csUednpon him once, and in the course of con- o venation Mr. Robinson said to him, ** What was A subject last Sunday, brother ?' ' Hainan,' tl l®0,r yo« treat it,' said Mr. p -OV said he, 'I spiritualised g wlps and compared him to the evil one, who. like ii Mf^MBfgeta hung up at last.' And what did Mt sirtch froip in the evening, brother ?' said * Mr- itobinson. 'I took for my text Bataa * . '» --? i *. . „ 1 . . . going about- like' a 'roaring lion seeking wfaot he may devour.' 'Ah.' said Mr. Ilobiitsot *' not so well; you sec, you hang the devil in th morning and set him going again In the even ing.' There is too much sensationalism in th world now. We meet it on every h.trnl, on am off the stage, in books and elsewhere, till 5ne i almost inclined to ask, *? Watchman, what o the night?' He was inclined to think the evi would soon subside. The age would outgrow it and do its work iu a more m-mful mauner. Hi had witnessed wonderful cxcitemeut in America i He had seen people much stirred at c imp meet ings, &c-; ; but th-2re*-eemed to be excitement ol two different characters — the one being most attentive to the Word of God, and the other the opposite to this. There were some orators who only excite the attention, and who appeared therefore the most successful, but he hoped .that all would pursue their own way, and so best glorify God according to their abilities. - Some good influences, like the waters of Siloam, flow softly, others are as the rushing mighty torrent; but whether by this or that g-K-d is accomplished, let us give God the praise, lie would say a word in conclusion to our friends iu this town on s local matter. They were going to have a new clock, and they would keep regu-ar time. Now he wished them to be like this clock in some Tespests, and not in others. He wished them to keep regular time, but he did not wish them to speak so loud as to be heard all over the town. He would wish thjm to be like the icho, ft peak, but not always having the la-t word. In Condon he recollected being very much de lighted with some of the remarks of Judge Payne. He used to put a very great deal of meaning into about three lines, us, for instance, these ' Bury your ghosts, gather your hosts, and keep your posts.' Now he (Mr. Evans) would like to see them all bury their ghosts, We don't hear much of ghosts in this new L-itid( but th England they used to bb very plentiful. If a company met together on a winter evening^ the conversation would often turn on this topic. The question would be asked, 'Are you afraid of ghosts ?w Soon one would reply that he was not. Some there might perhaps be hoard a dull rumbling, and everyone would whisper to his neighbor * what is that? Is it the wind?' No and the end would be that those who professed to be the least afraid would be the first to run. Then there would l-e two or three slergymen assembled to bury the ghost. And so you should bury yours. There is one haunts this place ; it is always heard of on every anni versary— the old debt. Catch hold of it man full y. and bury it once and for all. He (Mr. Evans) also wanted them to gather their hosts, k'any of you are gathered together to-night, -h. it was a goodly sight in days of old when n Jerusalem the people were gathered together n the name of the Lord God of Hosts, and it is lot leas so now. Some of you are Sunday chool teachers. Gather your hosts around you. h the words of the hytnn, 'Go when the morning ehineth,' &c.; )thers of you are as Isymen engaged in preach ng the unsearchable riches of Jesus Christ. He rished them God speed in their lay agency. He relieved in it. Many of you have taken up 'our arms as good soldiers of Jesus Christ, voll to you he would say, keep to your posts, here are some that think they can b;iiks)i, le- an go aud come back to the same place. Be ieve it not. It is a most fatal delusion. Be rue as British hearts are to their flag. Some f you may have heard the story of General lavelock and his -o:i. When the General had pturned from India he was crossing London t ridge, and suddenly remembered some inipor ant business in the city. Telling his ran to wait his return, he jumped into a cab. and midst the pressure of his engagements forgot lie boy left in the heart of London, expecting is arrival. When at his hotel suddenly he emembored his son. 'I know him,' said the ither; lie is awaiting me as 1 told him to do.*' 'es, in the meantime the long hours had slowly assed away, night had succeeded day, and the ky was dark and lowering, with a threatened turm. Bnt there itojd the boy, young in years, ut brave and big iu heart as an Englishman, nd firm at his post as ,the granite column in rafrtlgar-square. The rev. gentleman con ludid by telling them to keep their posts, and tiough the way might seem sometimes cloudy nd overcast, the Divine Redeemer ^ ill in his wn beautiful language ?' not leave them com -rtless. but come again.' Mr. Bachi-lor then rose to propose a vote of banks to the ladies. He must say it seemed little strange for this duty to fall to his lot. ut he had greal pleasure in discharging it to i® best of his ability. He had enj iyed his ;a, and was sure it was very g-»o-l. He pro osed the best thanks of the meeting be given \- the ladies for tli« very nice tea they had pro ided. Mr. J. C. Wilkinson rose to second the resi ition just proposed. It reminded him of old mes when lie was often called upon to propose t second such a vote, and he had the credit len of doinsr it pretty well. But now he had wife who sat very near to him, so he must be ireful what he said. He could tell r. achelor he would find very many strange tilings pt, as he became more experianced with the idies. He (Mr. Wilkinson J had enjoyed his sa, and there was every reason why he should, ''the tea was very good, and his wife sat close \- his elbow, and he had therefore very great leasure in seconding the vote of thanks. .The Chairman briefly conveyed the thanks f the meeting to the ladies. Mr. Lock came forward to propose a vote of tanks to die choir. lie regretted that he had }t been able to hear Mr. Watsford yesterday f last year, when he preached the anniversary toons, as he was away^foching the people to best of bis ability. He had no doubt, how W that they had two first- rate sermons. He i dr. Lock) did not like cold preachi ng, nor incy, nor intellectual preaching He liked reaching that made him feel. He was not fraid of saying a word or two in praise of Mr. ratsford. Mr. Watsford was not one to be astroyed by flattery. He thought preachers metimes required a word of encouragement, e thought the meeting ought to be very thank il to Mr. Watsford, but if anything doubly se , \- the other ministers. Mc. Gordon, he was ire would make a very good Methoiist reacher. also Mr. Evans would, if he did not rove a little too independent. He would con- . ratulate Mr. Jones on his speech, too. and also i his accession to tho honor of being Mayor of awler. He hoped all their members would be rcpared to stick to their posts, and then there ped be no fear j but the debt should be pai-l. . le thanked the excellent choir most heartily for ieir services, which was really a most impor int part of Christian worship. He moved that le thanks of the meeting be conveyed to them. Mr. Luke Jokes briefly seconded this, aud it as carried unanimously. The Chairman in brief but suitable language -nveyed the thanks of the meeting to the tioir. The Rev. Mr. Watsford was glad that this i)te of thanks had been proposed and carried, -r ho was sure the choir most heartily deserved The singing on the Sunday and that even »g had been very pleasant indeed, and he was ire all must h .ve done their best to render it \- good. He was glad also to hear that the ighest civic officer in the place was devoted to ie important work of Sunday-school teaching. Ir. Lock need not be afraid that either himself r any other minister present was in danger of eing spoilt by flattery. But all of them did est by sticking to their posts. He (Mr. Wats wd) believed that he could do better than any* ne else in Archer-street, and he had no doubt Ir. Evans could do better in his own church ban he (Mr. Watsford) conld do. He wished to ropose that the best thanks of the meeting be iven to the Chairman for the very able mauner ii which he had presided over their. T*»e .Rev. Mr. Ltoro had great pleasure In econding this, hot only for this, but for the ery active part Mr. dement had taken in the j n new chapel. It was a very great advantage to i, have a practical manof .busiuesa to advise with, e The Chairman thanked the meeting very cor \- di*|ly for the kind manner in which they had f acknowledged his services. He had experienced 1 tile greatest pleasure in filling this high and s honorable position, having always had a desire f to make himself useful. He might say that 1 possibly this would be the last opportunity he i should have of meeting with some of them, for i he had long had a desire to revisit his native land, bi|t if spared he should hope to return ? and continue to do all that lay in his power to ? advance the good of the cause, and the glory of ; the Almighty, who had been so good to him aud ? to them also. The D»xology was then sung, and after Prayer had been offered by the Rev. Mr. Lloyd, the meeting separated. 