MESMERISM AND ÍÍTJKDER, I Late American papera pirca the par lion Jars of a remarkable case of murder io nh ia h Mesmoriara ia alleged to have plared aa influential if not tho princi- pal part. The trial of the alleged murderer has just boan brought to a closo in Philadelphia. On tho 25lh of, April.»n- old .lady named Ufr). Dorcas Afjigilton. ? who .lived with, her husband in Sliippen-atrcet, waa I biurdered in her own room, »nd robbed of a small gum pf.monoy. About 2 o'clock in the afternoon Mr. I 'Magilton hod gone out on soma errand, and returning. I 'injtho course of un hour, found the front door fastened. I ;Ho knocked, and in a moment was admitted by an 'acquaintance namaOcorga \v", Winnomore, who told him, with apparent calmness, that ionio ono had been ibero »nd murdered bia wife. The ol il.lady was found flying on tho floor, with her knitting work binide ¡lier, as if it liad filien from ber baud .when abo WOB struck, lier skull crushed hy repented , blows with a hammer, and lier thront cut with a razor. 'Tho hammer and ruior wore both found j tho former hob ngod to Mugiltoo, tba latter nm claimed to ba Wiqncmoro'a. lYinnomore was arrested, and a ferr dellaro were lound1 in hi nocltot,'iliuu^h tho nioner was not identified aa lt] on ging to the deceased._ 'the prisoner'.) presence in the' hoes», with the door 1 ticked, was of eourso the strong point against him, and his explanation that on fading the woman dead be bad looked I he door to prevent the escape of. the murderer,' .-hould he still be about tho premises, was unsatisfactory. An attempt: ta prove an alibi waa unsuccessful, Tie defence upon which roost reliance was p'accd was in- sanity. The prisoner's motlier testified that- insanitt had been hereditary in his father's family, lt, was i-hown that "Winnemore had been from eh'ldhood aßltoted with epilepsy, and several eminent physicians were ca led to establish tba well-known feni'lnnnv nf fhn) I disease to impair ibe mental potrera. It dors riot appear (hat any very careful examination of 'A'innemoie's state of mint] was made by medical exporte, but ibo physi- cians seems lo bave been undi r tbe impression from what little they saw and heard of bim, that be was moro or less deranged. It was proved that he hud several limes attempted to commit suicide. Bat the mott re- markable testimony bore upon his belief in spiritual- ism, and his behaviour under the influence of spiritual manifestations He professed to be oontrollod bv tbe spirit of an Indian obief ; and when ibe ghost of bin savage guardián took possession ot him, he unnoed and capered Uko a painted Sioux ; he uttered étrange thoughts; hesoribb'od in his diary charaotort that no man could dtoiplier, and poetry which, if not espeoinlly suggestive of insanity, waa certainly very foolish ; he declared that spirits no bigger than the head of a pin were round about him, and he saw them on one occa- sion walking all over a banoh of (liners. A spirituel medium, who hud been in the habit of meeline; him at ci-oles, »od who was very decided in ber belief that Wiunemore was insme, was asked to nive some reason for thinking so. She replied that one dav he aime to her house, told ber sb« was crazy, threw his bat down on the floor, snatched it up again, and then ran dawn stairs at the top of his sreed, " and that was the la-t of him." He uaed to siy that wheo the Indi m spirits carno about him they took entire oontiol of his actions; he waa no longer h ia own master. A witnesi, Mrs, Meneh, stated that in tho apiritual circles ofwliiih abo and Winnemoro ware members', their Imbit waa to " (rive WOT to whatever in- fluence cam e." Winnemore waa a medium, and was I nf cn aeon in trances The murdered »omen Mrs. Mag i|t n, used to mesmerise him, and tbero was apparently an attempt on tba part of the prisoner's counsel t> produce the impression that if he killed her, he did in a state of nncom iousnesa which she herself bad brought about. It was certainly intimated that she exertfd indirectly a painful influenae over him. She used, for eiampe, under spiritual guidance, to paint pictures of tho flouer» of Paradice, and the sight of iheie extraordinary works of art aluays threw him into an onplussent frame of mind, Though it does appear that there weie any of them in the room when the murder ' was committed. Indeed, it is almost impo>aible to ri ad the evidence without arriving nt a conclusion tbal tbe man was at times moro or lesa der»nged ; though how far he roiy have been respon- sible for his aHions nn that fatal 25th of April is, of of course, another matter altogether, The jury, at all events, seem to have been satt lied of hia sanity on that particular day, for thou-h the charge of Judgo Brewster was on tbe whole ra1 her favourable to the accused, they found him guilty, after abaut two hours deli nor \tion, and tho spectators in the court- room bailad tko verdiot with a murmer of approba- tion. 