THEATRE ROYAL. Hamlet. air Montgomery made his first appearance at this house on Monday night, when be* took the part of Hamlet. The weather was very wet, end thus a gdod mauy people no doubt were deierrcd from ven turing out, but all parts ot tho house were well filled nevertheless, except tho aide boxe?, which were thinly patronised, The production of this most popular of all iho tragic dramas o£ Slialsspeare had on thia occasion, as on that of iilr Anderson's dtbut here, a more than usual interest. So much had been written upon tho meritfl of the rival actors, and tho often debated queBtiou of Hamlet'o Binity or insanity had also been so largely dealt with, that every play goer 6eemcd per force to feel it incumbent upon him to bo critical. Not that that faculty exists always to much purpose, though, perhaps, as Hizlitt sug gests, the Hamlet that is in every one of us leads the playgoer to feel more confident of hia right to a conception of this than of any other of tho creations of tho great English dramatist. What, then, seems to come by right to every man wo too may claim, and sa compare the Hamlet which Mr Montgomery has given us with other im personations, and with our own idea—with tho latter at least, and perhaps mainly. Of clr Montgomery's rendering we can say at once that it engrossed ub from the opening pceue to tlie laBt. It seemed to us tho nearest approach wo have ever had hero to what wo conceive of the Hamlet of Shakespeare. It was a superbly intellectual creation, full to tho very brim with tho potency of mini. With a remarkable divergence from tho beaten track in the direction of nature—of common life, tho impersonation had a fascination due, doubtless, in part to novelty. But novelty, as novelty, was not all tho charm nor the greater part. There was, in tho chaste and perfect elocution ot'.tho actor, and in the impress of soul upon all the character, a vivid realisation of the innermost conceptions wo have had of the poet's creation. And more than that, by as much more aa the actor has produced for us tho embodiod results of eedulous study, of contact with tho best schools of dramatic interpretation, and of tho earnestly applied gifts of a rare aud scholarly intelli gence. We felt little difficulty, in listen ing to Mr Montgomery, in negativing the presumption of Hamlet's madness, and lean tbo more with. Scblegil to the conclusion that the Boeming madness was acted. Nay, to our mind there was littlo even of that; but then it is so easy to forget to look at tho character from, other than the Eido of those who Bee all the evolution of the plot, and to omit to placo ourselves in the pssition of thoEe who only see Hamlet apart from his private confidences, and who hear none of those soliloquies that have stirred the depths cf educated minds for these 300 years and more, and will for nil time. The appearance of Mr Montgomery as to his costume is not materially different from that of olher Hamlets, but his personal appearance, in its apparent youth aud Btudent-like expression, is in itself a realism not without tffcct. And his deliverance of the text enclisins the listener fron the first, There is only now ami then any approach to robustioueness of oratory, though sometimes, as when ho discovers the plot laid by the King and Polonius to overhear his interview with Ophelia, and in the Isst act, when he challenges Laertes and avows his love for Ophelia, the actor spoke—nay, raved with, a vehemence of passion as groat as any of the ;'old school," asthoy aro termed, liut it was ,moro naturally done, and done without those ridiculous chest li.aviugs a.ud boatings, which oo many actors seem to deem requisite iu tho depletion of paaiiou. In these most ardent of his passages tho ac:oradhered to his own lesson to tho players, and the modesty of nature was no:; overstepped oren in tho very whirlwind and tempest of tho soul. And, then, what moviug pathos iu tone and expression, what eloquence of mi;n and gesture, catch away the attontioa of the listener over and anon in this effective realisation of Hamlet, and keep the whole liouso in perfect siloace with an almost painful tendon of interest! Tho by-play is also do rich iu hints and little acts, as well aj tones of in genuous naturalness, surpriso with so groat a charm of their own, apart from the more set and labored passages of the dialogue, thit tho interest is always alive, aud keenly alire too. The reception of the news from Horatio and his companion about tho ghost in the opening scenes was replete with these minuto excellencies and touches of .pure liuman nature, not atago nature. The Budden turning round to ward off his com panions with, his sword tho second time, as ho is fol lowing tho ghost, was au admirable example of natural divergence from the beaten track, and tho whispered exclamation— " Angels and ministers of graco defend us," at ths ghost's first, appearance was full of the force of compressed emotion. This latter characteristic, in* deed, is one of tho loading ones in Mr Montgomery's Hamlet. Min<l asserts itself all through, and borrows but little adventitious aid from the arts of mouthy elocution and violence of gesture too much in vogue among actors of less ability. Yet it is the true Ham let mind. Ever poising, halting, speculating, but also over noble and honest. This, unquestionably, as Qoetho urges, is the true Hamlot. Hamlet was and reverence was broken up by tho r>£?d"oua'cri°mo revealed by the "poor ghost." So his nature grew euspicious, and the very honesty and ardor of his paanon make him treat Opholia in the third act with such weighty and withering scorn. Mr Montgomery, by a brilliant iiish of by-play—in aid of which the " business" of the piece was well kept by the King and Polonius, reveals his discovery of the plot to overhear and watch bun, and instantaneously conceiving that Opholia is a party to tho plot, he visits upon her the roused indignation of his already dcceivod stricken heart. But there is no madness. Tho convincing method of Hamlet's " madness'' was powerfully shown by the actor in the difference of his demeanor in tho interviews he has iu the second act with Polonius, and then with It jEenerantz and Guilderstern. The one lie humors as a foolish old spy, the others he treats as honest men and friends. He really fools Polonius to the top of his bent, while saying ihst he himself is so fooled. But we cannot extend our notice at this late hour. Tho play eccne was not specially effective, nor tlia closet scene with the Queen, though both were good. The encounter with Laeites in the last act, and the previous grave-Eceue were very good, and the dying scene was powerfully wrought out. It was, in its silent eloquence of gesture and ex pression, the climax of that ascendcncy of thought and emotion which, to our mind, bo much and so properly distinguishes this impersonation. True we might tske exception to the anachronism of Uamlet'e dying, as to Ophelia's being buried to the music of Handel's Dead March in Saul; but then, I that grandest and most melting of all dirges is so inspiring, seems to intone bo well—i[ we may be per mitted the expression—with the spiritual element in the Hamlet of the drama, that criticism is disarmed— disarmed utterly aud willingly. Wo have only left ourselves space to add that the play was admirably mouuted, and that the more prominent of the Eub ordinato characters wore skilfully played. In this siugle complimentary allusion, we wish particularly to include Mr Musgrave'a Polonius, and not to in clude Mr Kayner'a Ghost, inasmuch as the ghost was for the moBfc part inaudiblein the regions beyond the stalls and the lines of Beats traversing the house say at the front of the pit. The play will be re peated this evening, with the same cast. 