MISCELLANEOUS. An autograph of Oliver Crom- ! well, at a recentf sale in Worcester, brought tbe veify high price of six I guineas, whichj as the signature was merely ' Oliver P.' was at the rate of nearly a 'pound a letter. Sentimental Arithmetic ^S?E^u lates thus : 2 glances — make one look ; 2 looks — make one sigh ; 4 sighs— make one yraltz ; 3 waltzes — make one palpitate} 2 palpita tions — make one | call ; 2 calls — make one altentioja ; 2 attentions — make one fool (sjpmetimes two) ; 2 fools— make oite flirtation; 1 ? ? — iarrawwjj:-|Kuu- tl. OuutJClB f C£LtciX X0 ' one engagement, eftual to one mar riage. J Suf&cient; Reason. — Mrs. Par tington says she dfd not marry her second husband because she loved the male sex, bat f just because he was the size of hefr first protector, and could wear hrs old clothes out. A lady meetii% a girl who had lately left her Service* inquired, '-Well, Mary, wfiere do you live now?' 4 Please, ma'am, I don't ' live nowhere now/ rejoined the gjrl, Jt-I'm married/ r 'it \ } A Newcastle timber-merchant ' sat in his counting-house bemoan-* . ing the bad times, and the discos tinuance of those large colliery Orders, which, in days of prosperity were wont to fllow in upon him in such grateful profusion, when his gloomy cogitations were interrupt ed by the entrance of a dingy cus tomer, evidently from the collieries. The stranger briskly demanded if the merchant had any planetree in stock at present ? 4 Planetree, sir ?' replied the merchant, rubbing his itching palms together, and step ping forward with; a bland smile on his face, 4 as good;a stock as any on the Tynej sir, I assure you. Bo you want it in the log or plank, my dear sir P We have abundance of both.' c I ami not particular,' replied the pitman ; c it's not much I want-^-it's only for a fiddle bridge/ Douglas Jerrold, at an evening , party, was looking at the dancers. ? Seeing a very tall gentlemen waltz ing with an extremely short lady, he observed to a friend, « Humph 1 there's the mile dancing with the milestone/ ' ^ Something ve|y Likely* — That the flowers of speech spring from the toot of the tongue. People who travel into cannibal countries are apt to be turned into Indian meal* j The Two Roacfs. — f Bar ar,' said a sable orator, addressing his bre thren, 'two roads tro dis world. Be one am a broad and narrow road, dat leads to perdition, and de oder am a narrow and broad road dat leads to sure destruction.' c If dat am de case,' said a sable hearer, ' dis cullered individual takes to de wood/' The 'Two Ghosts. — Sir Walter Scott used to tell with much zest a story of a man who tried to frighten his friend by encountering him at midnight in a lonely spot which was supposed to be the resort of a ghostly visitant. lie took his seat on the haunted stone, wrapped in =*a long white sheet. Presently to his horror, the real ghost appeared, . and sat down beside him, with the ominous ejaculation, 4 You are a ghost, and I am a ghost ;? let us come closer and closer together,' And closer and closer the ghost pressed, till the sham ghost, over come with terror, fainted away. News for the Nursery. — We are j informed that an enterpiising Ame rican publisher is about to bring I out a volume of nursery literature, in which the stories and rhymes of the 'exploded old country,' will be adapted to the tastes and under standings^ff'young- America. To illustrate this, we shall venture on a version in prose of Humpty Bumpty. cHumpty Bumty sot his ?selr on a tall rail. Humpty Bumpty dropt off his perch — ker-squash. And all the equipages, and all the liveried menials of an effete mon archical system was just a one-hoss affair as regarded the sottin' of that unfort'net cuss on that everlastin' rail agin ! Moiak — The skreekin bird of Freedom what roost s on the _ .xvitlji — lt.\C2 ? 1'! ftaxl-jti 3 star-spangled banner, rather kalku lates that monarchy is- played out — some !' 1 'Our church jblock,' says the editor of a down e^ist paper, ' keeps time so well, that we get & day out of every week by lit.' ? & A Yankee, describing an oppo nent, says: {I tell you, sir, that inRTI'. don't, mnAnnt tri n*' on m ».iv- .. V l-VAJL U u O 1.4 JLLA a-i-ithiiietie ; add liim up, and there is nothing to carry.' * Councillor Iiudd, of the Irish bar, was equally remarkable for his love of whist and the dingy colour of his linen. c My dear Bick,' said Curran to him one day, ' you can't think how puzzled we are to know where you purchase all your dirty shirts.' ^v.A person who was recently called into court for the purpose of prov ing the correctness of a doctor's bill, was asked by the lawyer if ' the doctor did not make several visits after the patient was out of danger ?iS ' No,' replied the wit ness, ' I considered the patient in danger as long* as the doctor con tinued hia visits.' . . ? Kansas wras once asked what answer he should make if the go vernor's people demanded his arms. ' I would propose a compromise measure,' lie said ; ' keep the rifle, and give them the contents.' /N Itomantic Beath. — A young lady drowned in tears, Why is a waiter like a race- horse ? Because he runs for plates and cups. What sort of cookery does a lady prefer ? Bressing her hair (hare). A Boy's Idea of Pulling a Tooth. —The doctor hitched on to me, pulled his best, and just before he killed me the tooth came out. ! When is a shower like a piece of leather. When it's a diiving-rain. A Standing |Dish at Utah.-~A | spare rib* ^ 