COUNTRY NEWS. ROCKY RIVER.—A correspondent of the Armidale Express writes on the 15th instant :—The locality which attracted the attention of the miners last week, from the fact of gold having been struck by Drabsch and party, is a slight hollow, or nearly a flat, on the ridge between Cabbage Tree Gully and Kentucky Creek, and on the side falling to the Kentucky. Some little distance, below where the shafts are being sunk, it forms into a gully, with rock, which, from its confluence with the creek for a little way up, was worked some years ago. During the past week a number of shafts have been sunk, the majority of which have been no good, and at present the prospects of a diggings being opened are not very encouraging. Above the prospectors' claim Shepherd and party sank three shafts with but little or no gold, whilst above them another claim got prospects of 6 or 7 dwts. to the load, and shafts sunk 200 feet apart, across the direction of the supposed run, have each a little gold, but not sufficient to pay. Moffatt and party have some gold in their stuff, but how it will shape cannot be known until it is all washed up, prospects vary so much. Drabech appeares to have a run about seven feet wide, which they believe will pay. That there is gold in the locality there is no doubt, nearly all the surface having a little in it, but whether anything will be found in sinking—i e , of any extent— is yet a question of the future. In Cabbage Tree Gully a party of Chinamen have taken up an extended claim for sluicing, to work which will necessitate cutting a long tail race, a portion of which will be through granite boulders. WOLLONGONG.—The Illawarra Express of Monday re- marks that a great amount of vigour has been infused into the harbour works, both on the coffer dam and at the exca- vation. Another large hole is being drilled through the intervening space at the old and new basin for the purpose of the test which must shortly arrive on the coffer dam. The whole of the planks are down and have been driven home, and it is intended, unless some unforseen calamity arises, to commence pumping out the water about Monday next. On Friday last a thorough overhauling of the engines at present in use took place, in order to be as far as can be foreseen prepared for emergencies. When the works are once free, a new engine and pump will be started to keep them so, placed contiguous to the coffer dam.— Since our last we have experienced a delightful change, as pleasant as it will prove agreeable and profitable to all parties. Late on Saturday evening a beautiful gentle rain commenced to fall, and continued with more or less rapidity, till early this (Monday) morning. A good deal of rain fell, and what is of more importance, falling so gently the parched earth absorbed the whole of it. No washing out of crops or other damage resulted therefrem. The wind continues well on the south side of east, and we are in hopes of having more, though appearances do not look like it. ILLAWARRA.—During Saturday night it commenced to rain, and continued at intervals throughout Sanday, when towards evening it cleared off. Although the quantity of rain that fell is far from sufficient, yet a most beneficial effect must be produced on the pasturage of the country. There are many waterholes that yet require filling, and the ground requires to be more thoroughly saturated before vegetation can progress with the Australian vigour. Although the sky is clear, there is in the atmosphere strong indications of more rain.—Mercury, January 19. MUDGEE — An inquiry was held at a place about ten miles beyond Guntawang, on Saturday last, by Mr. G. Warburton, P.M., on the body of a man named John Thurston, who was found dead in the bush. The evidence taken disclosed the fact that he had been seen by a lad about three days before his body was found, and then com- plained of being ill, and said he had been drinking. Deceased was then crawling on his hands and knees, near the spot where he was subsequently found dead, it is sup- posed in search of water. The body, when examined by Dr. Ramsay, was in such an advanced state of decomposi- tion, and, moreover, had been so mangled by crows picking it, that a post mortem examination was out of the question and hence, it was interred where it was found. The deceased was a brother of Mrs. Lahey, of Umby. —A very melancholy occurrence occurred at the Old Pipe- clay last week. A man of the name of Kutz, a German, died from the effects of animal poison absorbed into his system. It seems that a drover passing through with a mob of cattle lost one of the number, the animai dropping dead on the road. Kutz got the animal for the sake of its hide and tallow, and, with the assistance of three other men, skinned the beast. Kutz had an abrasion of the skin in his wrist at the time, and the inference is that at this part the poison was first inoculated into body. He felt little effects for a day or so, when his arm com- menced swelling under the glands of the armpit. Dr. Morton was called in, and did what he could for the poor man, but he died from prostration in about three days. The disease appears to have been very singular in some respects. When Dr. Morton scarified the glands under the arm, the patient obtained some temporary relief, but no matter exuded from puncture, but simply a kind of black frothy substance. The arm did not swell at all, but the seat of the swelling was entirely in the side, neck, and under the shoulder. Death was free from pain, and the unfortu- nate man sank from sheer exhaustion. The other men who assisted Kutz are more or less affected, and two are now in the local hospital, but are expected to recover. Report says that several fowls, two dogs, and a cat, all died from eating the diseased meat. The bullock, when slaughtered, was very much diseased in what is termed the melt and in one of the kidneys. The whole of the tallow also showed signs of great internal inflammation. An idea is prevalent that the animal died from Cumberland disease ; but, as far as our experience goes, neither the symptoms appearing in the animal or the death of Kutz at all favour the conjecture. During the last few days, the hope of rain has been deferred until the heart has of a truth been sick. It has threatened from the southward, and a wild stormy sky, and flying showers among the mountains, showed apparently a change at hand. We have not, how- ever, as yet had a drop, and the aspect of the country is truly wretched.—Western Post, January 22. MAITLAND.—After two or three days of unsettled weather, several heavy showers fell late on Sunday night and early yesterday morning. About noon yesterday a little rain fell also. The quantity that fell altogether must have been more than has fallen during any rains for many months, judging from the state of tanks, &c.; ; but it will require much more to sink into the parched ground suffi- ciently to be of permanent benefit to the crops. At Hinton the rain fell very heavily ; but towards the Sugarloaf and at Branxton a few light showers fell, between Sunday and yesterday morning at daylight.—A few days ago a large snake was killed by Mr. John Shanahan on his farm, near Black Creek. The reptile was of the carpet species, and is said to have been nine feet in length. When killed it had completely encircled in its folds a tame rabbit that was kept on the farm. SCONE.—The correspondent of the Maitland Mercury writes.—On Monday last a shocking accident happened to one of our old residents, an old man named Jacob Steel, of Littlefield ; whilst engaged amongst his horses one of the animals gave him a very severe kick above the ankle joint, causing a compound fracture of the leg. We hear that Mr. Steel is progressing favourably, under the care of our two medical gentlemen.—Another accident of the same kind happened on Wednesday, near the flour mill, viz , a broken leg. An old man naed Tohey, or Tooey, came into Scone on that day, and had been transacting business in town, and had made a start for home, when by some mishap the man fell, and I am informed that the wheel of the dray passed over his leg, fracturing the bone. Although this accident happened in the town, where there were plenty of places of accommodation, this man was put on the dray and taken sixteen miles before he would get surgical aid. DENILIQUIN —The Chronicle of the 19th reports that on affray, which was at first reported to be of a seriosu character, took place in a public-house some distance from Deniliquin on Saturday last. It was stated that a constable named Glennon was travelling to Deniliquin to attend the sessions here, and put up for refreshments at a public-house by the way ; there were two men in the bar, with whom he had some words, when they both caught hold of the con- stable, who drew his revolver, which accidentally exploded and shot one of them in the neck. The wounded man was conveyed to the hospital here, and is now recovering ; no vital part having been injured. The Pastoral Times of the 19th instant says :—Saturday, Sunday, and Monday were scorching hot, the thermometer varying from 110 to 115° in the shade. We had lightning and thunder to some extent on Sunday morning, and a fog drops of rain fell. On Monday we had a hot wind as though it came from a heated oven. On Tuesday morning the weather changed, strong southerly and soutwest gales pre- vailed, the atmosphere previously had been bright, and the sun intensely powerful. The atmosphere was now sur- charged with heavy and dense vapors, and sudden gusts of cold wind. Wednesday day and night were cool and pleasant. Thursday was a delightful day, and the night comfortably cool. Friday the weather grew rather warm again, and we have the prospect of a return of the heat. MURRUMBIDGEE — The Express says that the bulk of the out-door harvesting work is now over, and many of the farmers are now busily engaged in threshing. The crops, on the whole, have been exceedingly heavy, and excepting in a few instances where they were suffered to over ripen, have been secured in capital order. It is true that a large proportion of the later grown hay was partially damaged by the rain, which fell upon it while it lay mown and half made upon the paddocks, but take it altogether, the farmers and agriculturists, in this district, have had little to com- plain of this season. During the last week or two the growing crops of Indian corn have, in one or two places, been partially affected with a disease somewhat resembling in its outward characteristics the smut disease in wheat. We be- lieve that with Indian corn this disease is rather unusual, if not altogether unknown ; but as it has, as far as we can learn, only made its appearance in one or two places, and is even then confined within very narrow limits, it is rather a matter for curious inquiry than serious alarm. WAGGA WAGGA.— Two deaths in the bush have been reported in town during the week ; on Wednesday intelli- gence was sent in that the remains of a man had been found at Houlighan's Creek, on the track between Cowarby and Eunonyhareenyah. Yesterday, Mr. Forsyth, accompanied by sub-inspector Meares and Dr. Morgan, proceeded to the spot. A magisterial inquiry was partially held before the former gentleman, and then adjourned till to-day for the production of further evidence. A post mortem examina- tion was made by Dr. Morgan, who gave it as his opinion that the unfortunate deceased had perished from thirst. Death had apparently taken place about three weeks ago. Three shillings were found in trousers pocket, and a note from a man named Birch asking for some tobacco to be sent to him. A billy and pint pot were found near the body, which was lying some little way from the creek. The remains were interred near the spot where they were found.—The second body was found close to O'Donnell's free selection at Junee. The same gentlemen we have named above, pro- ceeded thither yesterday and a magisterial inquiry was par- tially heard and also adjourned until to-day. The deceased was seen to pass Leitch's waterhole on Tuesday or Wed- nesday last, on the evening of the first- mentioned day a man was seen by O'Donnell's boy near this place, and was taken by him to be a ghost. The deceased was an old grey-headed man between fifty and sixty years of age. According to the evidence of Dr. Morgan, death had been caused by serious apoplexy. When discovered the body was clothed with pair of trousers but no shirt. Upon hearing of the occurrence, Mr. Rusch had the remains con- veyed to his station where they have been since interred. On Saturday, the 12th instant, a case of severe burning, brought about by that dangerous, but apparently indispen- sable, article of feminine attire, crinoline, occurred at New Town. The victim in this instance was Mrs. J. D. Thompson, who had been making preparations for lighting her fire for the purpose of getting dinner ready. She placed a lighted candle upon the hearthstone, and upon turning round her crinoline expanded over the flame, and set her dress on fire. For some time she did not feel the fire which the bulging crinoline kept at some distance from her person, and she only became aware of her danger by finding the whole of the back of her clothing in a blaze. It fortu- nately happend that a partially filled bucket of water stood at the well ; to this she immediately rushed, and emptied its contents on the ground, and then rolled herself over in the wet. By these means she managed to extin- guish the flames, but not until she had been severely burned upon the back and shoulders. She is now confined to her bed, and, under the care of Dr. Morgan, is progressing as favourably as can be expected.—Express, January 19. 