OPERATION OF THE PUBLIO SCHOOLS ACT. TunH following is the S. N1. Herald's report of the speech of the Hon. MIr. Parkes on Mr. Stacpherson's motion connected with the Public Schools Act: SMr. Parkes said he should consider it his duty to go a little beyond the speech of the hen. gentleman who had submitted this resolution to the Houso. lie readily acknowledged, and it afforded him pleasure to acknowledge, that the hoen. member in submitting this motion had departed from the course he was in the habit of taking when the Public Schools Bill was before the parliament. The hon. gentleman had said that he desired to conduct any re-discussion of this important question in a milder and more Chris tiai spirit than prevailed at the time of the agitation last year. Well, that was not saying much. (Laughter.) The hen. member, he believed, used precisely those words. He (AIr. Puatces) was quite willing to believe that he intended to conduct any .re-discussion of the matter in a mild and Christina spirit becoming the House. He (Mr. Parkes) hoped he should be able to follow his example in this par ticular. In the course of what Ihe had to say ihe should have to utter some very hard things, but they would not be his: they would be simply based upon facts, the statement of which appeared to be necessary to illustrate what had been done, and to put the real state of the case in regard to this question before the parliament and before the country. The government was sometimes taunted with not sufflliciently paying attention to the business brought bolero parliament by hon. members on the opposition benches. They were sometimes taunted with not replying to argu ments advanced in support of motions. IHe (Mr. Parkes) at once frankly admitted that the hon. geontle man, by the resolution he had submitted to the House on this occasion, had raised a question which ought not to be treated with any unconcern, but receive the most careful and complete attention from the government of the country. Believing the ques tion to be one of this magnitude, and that there was none at the present time of larger interest with all sections of society out of doors, he should take the liberty of entering at some length mnt tihe adminislra tion of this new law-theo state of education-and the disposition of the public towards the act as it now existed. The hen. member (Mr. tlMacpherson) in the course of his speech adverted to the circumstances (purely accidontal)--that a new regulation was adopted by the Council of Education, and laid on the table of the House a abort time after he gave notice of his motion. He (tIr. Macpherson) drew the inference that it was because he gave notice of his motion that the Council of Education adopted the regulation. He (AIr. Palktes) might us well, before he passed on furthcr, say to him (cer tainly not with any disposition to underrate his in fluence in the Council of Education or any other body) that the regulation was adopted from very different considerations, and in deference to u very different authority. (Hear, hear.) Certain bodies representing one groat division of the Christian Church had communications with the Council of Education, and amongst other representations they said that the Scripture lesson books sanclioned by the Board of National Education in Ircland. wire not acceptable to their particular schools. As it wsas farthest from the intention oflthe Council of Educa tion, and he was sure also firthest from the intention of the legislature to force religious instruction upon any section of the Christian world that did not desire it in the particular form in which that regulation was passed, it was determined to remedy what wast done perhaps too precipitately. This was done in deference to recommendations made in the way he had explained; and he trusted,iin no bad spirit, for it showed at any rate a disposition to re0pir any erroneous course the Council might have adopteld. The hon. gentleman (Sr. Mlacpherson) in reference to this subject appeared to fall into an error. 1te (SIr. Parkes) hardly know wtether it was an error on his (MIr. Macpherson's) part, or whether he (AIr. Parkes) had misunderstood him. If he understood the hon. gentleman aright, he said that by with drawing these Scripture.lesson books, or rather pass ing a regulation rendering it optional to denomi national schools to use thorn or not, they denied to those schools any other religious books. [AMr. aluc phorson: Not exactly that.] Denominational schools could adopt whatever religious books tlhey thought proper. Provision was made in the law for them to do so, and the law weas carried out in good faith by the regulations. [MIr. MIacpherson: Dur ing the hour to be devoted to religious instruction.] They could do this in their schools at other times as well as in that hour; but the law did not allow the Council of Education to provide that roglious in struction. On the contrary the act expressly said that the religious instruction must and shall be left to the heads of the doenominations. (Ilear, hear.) The hen. member (MIr. lMacpherson) said something about the Protestant Bible being put into lthe hands of Catholic children. iHe (AIr. Parkes) roust complain of a course of this kind being taken even though he had no complaint to make of the tone and general temper of the hen. gentleman's speech; becauso the use of such broad words could only lead to a misapprehoun sion of what was the real state of the fctls. No Protestant Bible was put into the hands of Catholic children, nor was a Catholic Bible put into the hands of Protestant children. The religion of every child the rolijion of the paront of ovry c hild was loft scred-oi-unotociiedl b)y any. 'helro wos nohhing of tho Ind done. If it weoro, of courso it would bo, ill the hen. gontlomoh's words, "ain mollstrooui tyranny." But the " monstrous tyrulny" fell to the grtonhd, becanRo no ouch thing existed os that which the lonl. gontleoman dremt or supposed. On this, threfirst opportunitiy which had hoee affordeod him, he ho houlld proceed to suate what had boon the course of admlin. istratlton under this Act; aind he thon.lht ho ohould be able to provun that tho Council of Edleation had the entire roofildloo of the country. (loear, hear, from bo th ides of tin iolluoo.) lie thooght.h should ho able to prove beyond droutt Ihit, with one very omall exception, the administration of the Act hail econ such that the Couneil had the entire confldonco of the couttry. Io would prove that it had the oupport of the Romamn Catholio laity. (Ilonr, hoar.) io wouhl prove this inontestaho ly; and loe thought he shouhl hbe r lo to prove that it lead done nothling whutovor which rendered it nundeserving of thnt nsup port. The lion. member for Central Cumlberland tad often, with sone dlegree of boaatfulle.a, told tie Aissombly that lie representedl the Cihureh of England on this qeastion; but he thought lieo should be able to show him that this waso an entire dloelusien. (Lauglhter.) IIo thought he shouild be amle to show hlim (Mr. tItlcpherson) thalut, notwithstanldinge hi adi been loud and vigorous in the course he hall taken on one side of this question, yet from first to last he had roally known very little about it. The Council of Education, ns they all know, was appointed in the beginning of January. It had not yet been in existence seven months. Perhbaps no body of men wis over called together in this colony that had so great a ta?k before it. It had thrown upon its hands by the operation of the iact all national schools, and it had to take over by operation of the act the denominational schools. Nono except those who would for e moment consider the work neces sary in visiting by the civil servants, and examining and taking over nearly 400 schools, could under stand the large amount of routine labour in such an operation. It had to reorganisee its staff; to appoint inspectors, to frame regulations, and to do at vast anount of other proliminary work of m merely eoutino character necessary to tie dischiargo of duties involving an expendituro of £90,000 in the course of the year. Hlaving been in existence only that short Ieriod of time,-littlo more than half a year--what had that body doneo Up to the present moment it lad called into existence no less than fifty-soven now schools, with a total attendance, as estimated by the parents of the childron, of 2190. Those tchools were all of them situated in places whore they wore so much wanted, that with n few excep tiont there was no other school of any dosdription vithin from eight to eighty miles of them. It wvas of the highest importance, to enable the members to judge for themselves of the necessity that oxisted for tihe not which the legislature pagsod oast year, thathis one filet should be thoroughly known-thtat those schools, fifty- seven in number, had all been situated in places where, on the 1st of January last, theroe weore no means of education wvhatever. The first on his list was 15 miles from any other school; the next. 11: the noext 20 * thl next, 7; the next, 4; the next, 6 ; the next, 12; the next, (; the next, 16; the next, 8; the next, 8; the next, 7; the next, 5; the next, 6; the next, 28; the next, 2 ; thie next, 3; the next, 8 ; the next, 2k ; the next, 3; the next, 8; the next, 2); the next, 43; the next, 70 miles from any other school; the next, 3 miles ; the next, 10; thie next, 27; the next, 5; the next, 5 ; the next, 7 ; the next, 18 ; tte next, 7. They thus saw the educational destitution which existed before the establishment of these schools. Then there was another fact in connection with those schools which was very significant-that in every instance the schools had been adopted upon the petition of the inhabitants. In no single instance had any one of those schools been established by the Council itself going to seek, for the purpose of mak ing a show of schools, where onee should be estab lished. Another remarkable fiact was that the parents applying for the establishment of those public schoole had in no instances applied for the establishment of ia denominational school. (IIear, hear.) But there weas a more significant fact still; that in those applic?itions there had been a full re presentation of the Roman Catholics. The Roman Catholics in those applications for public schools amounted to one-third, and he believed the estimate of that large section of our popuation was loess than one-third of the whtlo popiitition. He could scarcely iroduce a stronger proof that legislation was needed than the fact that within so short a period, on the spontaneous movement of the people themselves, this largo number of public schools had come into existence. But he should consider it his duty to lay beforo the IIouse and before thie country-ome other evidence of the need that existed for this change in the legislation respecting the administration of our school grants. This would not be so agreeobloeas the evidence ie hted given, lie spoe i now as tihe I'resident oeofthe Council of Education, and with the concurrence of his colleagues in that body. He should consider it his duty to prove the insuflicioney of the arrangements that previously existed for the education of the children of the country. He had elsewhere stated--boero his constituency- and he now stated before hi co-represeotatives in his place in the House, that there had been ia siinfl and deso lating waste of the public money voted for education under the fbrmor system. (flHor, hear.) Ile had not used those words without knowing that he might be called eil to prove them; and he should hardly consider himseolf worthy to occupy the position which he held if he permitted this opportunity to pass without proving what lie had thus assorted. In order to prove that the largo votes which tie legislature had in so liberal and so truly ia pat riotic spirit sanctioned, without inquiry and without question, year ifter year, that theseo votes lihd been expended without any regard whatever to their bono licial expenditure. Iio should now proceed to read some reports, showing the state of those schools, which it was the duty of the Council of Education to tiok over on the 1st January. Ite hleld in his hand reports of eight schools, which had boon for a long time supported at the public expense-schools in which the attendance ranged from 16 to 8. In two schools there were 16, in fbur there were 13, in one only 10, and irt another only 8. lie thought that those were pretty significant fiets. liHe might as well here statoe that he should prefer not to mention tihe nmes of teachers, unless hon. members desired him to do so. lie had the nmoes befiore him, and there was no difliculty in his mentioning them ; but inasmuch as some of the facts might be injurious to tihe persons roferred to, and as he had no wish to oe casion them mty iunniecessary injury, he should pre for not to publish their nimes. Hlo should conline himself to theo facts, and if hon. members wished to sco the numaes they could do so. (Hoear, hear.) lie hoped that that course would be satisfactory. (Ilear, hear.) The inspector's report on the first school to which he alluded was:-" The number in ctuual attendance at the time of my visit wais 17. The averago attendance since Christmas has been 16." The next report said:--"2. The number of children present at the timo of inspection was 13, including 4 of the teacher's chillren; the onumber o the rolls was 30, but of theso 12 have never attended the school, so that the actual number belonging to the school is 18 ; of these, 3 ore under 4 years of age, and 2 over 20 ; the latter only attended for a few days, and are not likely to becomo day pupils. 10 out of the 30 enrolled ire IRoman Catholic." Beforo e ie at down he should have to provo painful though it was-that the teachers had been compelled by the clergymen to falsify their returns. (Cheers). Mr. Mllcphcrson : Name the clergymen. lMr. Parlkee: I will give full information. Mr. Cummings: And the names of the teachers, too. That's very important. Mr. Parkes continued: The next report which he held in his hand stated that " the actual attendance at the time -of his visit was 16." In the next report thei inspector said :-" the averago attendnuce for the last quarter of 1866 was 13, and for January, 1807." The next report wasI-" the number of children in averago attend ance for the first two months of thie current year was: boys, 10; girls, 3; total, 13. 'The number present at the tiome of inspection wes: boys, iI; girls, 3 ; total, 14." The next report the inspector's words were-" the averago attendance for the last qarltor of 1866 was 21 ; for the last eight weeks, 13.5." Mr. Foreter: These are the reports of the de nominational schools P Mr. Parkes: These reports all referred to de nominational schools tiiloen over by the operation of thie act. The next repuirt was,-" the number in ictutl ittendance when I visited the school wos 10, and tie number on the roll was 12." The ittend nce in that school was very hibgh indeed! In the next report the inspector stated,--" the number of children present it the tino of inspection wias 8, the nuither o11 the rolls 10. Tuhere were also orn the rolls 7 names of pupils of a night school, their ages varying from 16 to 28 years. The averugo daily attendance for the mouth of December last, was 12.0, for the Inst eight woklis 0.5." These reports he thought showed instances of the inoaficieoncy of chools--instances of wasto through the smallness of the numher attending, though it was obvioos that ovry efort had beenoot, oxeorted to makeo up a largo attendance. IIo would now road over t few reports to show that the toeahers themselves were entirely unfit for their positions-that tllhey hd I oon ap pointed without inquiry-without thi0 lightest ex mnination to ascertain whether they were fit to teach or not, and, in flact, without the slightest gua ranteo tlhat they understood what they undortook to do. In the first of thoese caes, the inspector ro ported,-" the teacherthas not boon trainted, has not beeno examined, tnd holds no cortificato. She poos sess0s no testimonials of ability tototch. She is in competent for her position nid it is very doubtful whether sho is eligible for tralning." Persons ac customotd to toneaching would know what this language meant-that it was doubtful whether thin teacher was sufficiently advanced in loementary knowloedgo no to make it worth while to send her to the training school. Theto inspector went on to say,-" she has conducted public scltools tinder the Bishop of Newcastle for a period of ton yenars. lHer pro a,,nt school is in a most deplorablo condition." Ife ought to inform the tIouse that these schools woere in largo towns whore thoere could e no excuse for the entire want of titness. In the next case the inspector said,u-" the master wtso noeer trained, has never been examined, and is unablt, to furnish any testimonial of fitness for his ollico. The same description literally applies to the easo of theo Osistant. I cotnsider hath teachers to b11 incompettt, and I further believe them to be ineli gibleo for traiinig. The school geonerally is in ait ost loplorable statU." Tho next report referred to a country school, but in a populous noighbourhood. 'lho inspector's report wits,-" the number preosoent on the 14t11 January, 1807, was0 ; the number pre enot at inspeotion was' 18. The teacher was not trained, and has no testimonials. Shit was previously omployod in St. James's Chuttrch of England school, Sydney, Intd has been in her prenant situation about fifteen months. Tile school is conducted without much regard to punctuality, order, or method; its general aspect was untidy and spiritless, .nld the tonching itself very mechanical. ]Ly training tle teacher seems capable of improving." In the next report before him the inspector stated-" the school is moderotoly supplied with furniture and apparatus. Theto reverse of leanlinoess is a characteristic feature of the school. Very bad order prevails, and the moral tone is extremely low." - This term" moral tone," in the phraseology of scthool inspectors, metnt the general tone of the inspectors as to mental atl noral power. Thi next report road,-" the teacher tia not been trained or oxnmined. Ito possesses no eostimonials of ability to teach. IIis attainimnOa and practical skill ori extremely smtll. I consider him incomnptent, aant to be ineligible for training. The school is condouted without a time-table. It is divided into five classes, upon what principles it is impossible to say. The schoolhbuso is a rudo slab building, partly occupied with bags of maize and the teacher's furnitnro. The general condition of the school is very low." In the-next report the inspoo tor stated-" the number present on the 7th January, 1807, was 27. The number present at inspection was 17. The teacher was appointed in Mlarch, 1866, was neither trained nor examined, and has had no previous experience. Hle soomn to he utterly ignorant of modern school management, and to have no idea of teaching beyond the moere oceupation of an individual child in the most mochanical manner. There is neither punctuality nor order in the school, nor oven a tolerable ohservance of ordinary tidiness." The report of another school, also in a largo town, was: "Thoe assistant ws never trained, has not been examined, and is unable to furnish any testimonial of ability to teach. She is not only incompetent for her present position, but is ineligible for training." Now, these were some of the specimens, which might be enlarged to a great extent, of the total inefflliciency of the teaching provided before this act came into operation. Ioe should now refer to one or two other reports, not for the purpose of Allowing that the schools were small, and therefore improperly supported from the publio funds, nor yet for tshe purpose of showing that tile teachers were unfit, but to show that in the larger schools the system was no had that teaching waes almost utterly impossiloe. He came to the report of a school where the children present were 105, and tihe number on the roll 152. The report stated : "The organisation is had, more especially as regardh the younger pupils ; the disci pline bad, and tile tone of the school is very unsatis factory. The schoolroom could not have been swept for several days; the children were, many of them, very dirty, ands the teacher, whose linen was ftr from clean, never wears a coat in the school." (Langhter.) That was the report of a large school in one of our cities. loe now came to another school whore the number on the rolls was 135, though the attendanco was only 60. The inspector said: " Tie school premises are very good, and the supply of furniture also good, hut it was so unsuitably arranged that I spent some considerablo time in re-casting the positions of the desks. The occnpation of the pupils was very. defective, the instruction lame, and the discipline bad." Coming to another school, also in a largo country town, tihe inspector's report wasv:-" The schoolroom is airy and spaciots, and tlhe furniture good and ealnicient. The organi sation is bad (seven classes which I have directed to be reducedr to three); the discipline is wretched, the older children do as they please, the teacher appear ing to have no control over therm." The next renlort referred to a school where there were 113 children present at tile inspection. The inspector stated: " The school premiseos-used on Sundays for public worship-nro airy and commodions; the furniture is good and plentiful in Osaplly, but owing to the dnul occupation of the building, the arrangement of the desksl is very had for school Ipurposes. The organi sation, classification, and disciplino are positively puzzling to describe ; bad is an unnosatislitetory word. Babel might jlstly ie written against all the school operations." Ile then came to it largo school in the city of Sydney, whero the number of pupils present was 110, and the inspector reported :--" There is an insuflliciency of proper furniture; the few desks there are are attached to the walls of tihe school room. The school records abonnd, in errors, and evince 'a woeful lack of comprehension on the part of the teacher. The school is completely disorganised. The uproar and disorder which prevails is somewhat startling. It is difficult to understand how teaching can be carried oen in the flee of such adverse circumstances. There are six classes ; but the principle upon which tle clhtssifea tion is based is not easily discornible. A timne-table has not been constructed, and it is doubtful whether the teacher is ahloe to construct one. The teacher has not been trained, and her nmethods of teaching aire purely haphazard and mechanical in character. UInless an immediate attempt is mdeo to render her moderately competent by traininig, it will prove it sheer waste of putlic money to continua aid to the chlool." If any hon. gentleman desired to be in formed further upon this part of the subject, he might be supplied with additional information to almost any extent. lie thought, however, the ox unples lie had read were slflicient to show that there had been a necessity for change, that there had besn an ahxiety on the part of plarents to give their children some such educ:aion that wold open to thenm, porhaps, fairer paths of advanceme nt than they themselves had found-that these parents ehad appreciated the f)ormer state of thinge, and now ap preciated the change that had taken place. IIHaving given these instances of the smnall and inelicient schools, rendered ineffiielnt by want of care in providing teachers, and of the schools where large numibers attended, rendered worse than infflicient by want of proper methods, he would now give instances in which anlsifieation of the records had Iceen resorted to ins order to obtain the public money. Ito had befolre him more then one case of this kind. In the first instance the inspector reported,-" The school woas in existence on the let January, 1867." This was a matter the government hand of necessity to ascertain, because they were under obiligation by law to show a certificate by all denominational schools that were in existence at that tine; lhus every inspector had to report the existence of eachn and the stlate ill which he found it. The report went on-" the number of children present at tile time of inspection was fifty-six. :lThero was no roll-book in the school." It lnhold be borne in mind that it was an important duty in all scihords supported by the state in this colony, and he lelieved everywhere else, to keep ln acoount of attendance, Iecasoe there was no other mneans of knowing whether the children attended to be in structed or not. Bult in thin school no roll-bookl, or, in other words, no record of what children attended the school. "The teacher stated that it was at his lodgings and could not ie submitted, as his hoseo was locked and the inmates were avwyly for the day. At my reqstest he nllrdedl r e on opportunity of in specting the cl?s-rollt on S aturday lnst, the 23rd in-. stant, at the 3litingong railway stition. It has been kept in a very indifferent manner. The entries seem to have been made recently, and not from day to day. Thoro aro none for tho last quarter of 1860. Tho rogistora of the Roman Oatholio school at Sut ton Forest, when it was under the charge of this toacheor, were kept in a caroleos way. I considor tho statislcsa compiled from them to beo untrustworthy. The number of ohildron enrollod is 62; the average attendance recolrded ior the last ton weeooks is 49-6 " lion. members could have littlo doubt that this roll book was madeo up for inspection. 'ltko another itn Rtanco. The inspector rep(orts :-" NumnetOr of putpils on tihe roll,-; present, 17. 2. The school nhad beon hadly taught, or, I should rather say, had not boon taught ata Ill, Iby the late teacher, M?r. Timothy Irenntan. The pupils were (ons andi all) Itnablo to pass the most simple oxamination in any of the u(hb jects in which they were 5spposod to have boon in ttratoed. l IMr. IBronna is, in my opinion, qtito dti qualliied for tho ollico of touchor. Ulie has neoglected his school dulties; ho acknowledlgos that Ito has been guilty of drunltonncss, and also that ho Ihas boeo in the hait of falsioying his ohiool records.". In the next case the inspoector said: " 1. The school was in oxistonce on the lst Jttlllary, 160?. 2. In conseqtooce of tho almost ilatltsldl(h elato of theo roads, £ ws utnable to arrive at Nimilybello beforoe Io school had closeod for tlho day (Friday). oar clhildlroet wero represonted in tlto class-roll as h ,ving attoended the school upon that day. Upon inquiry I found that the actual number was two, and that theo toachr had habitually fadsifiod the school records. As several childron are marked as present, although continuously absont, I placo no deponloco whatever pon thoe stlltistics of the school. The teacher, Mrs. Willon, formerly hiss 11. II. Sanllian, admitted that she had madeo filso entries; but remarketl that she did not mako them of her own accord, lbut by direction of it per son who is ollicially connected with the school, wlhoso name she declined to give. She further stated, that when the scllool wsas under the denominational board, at the request of parents she marked childlron present when they wore ahbsent, so that the school might not hle abolished. Alpparontly abo ftiled to so the immorallity of the practico." lit now came to a case with roleferenc to which ho felt compellod to give ito nmno, tas he should not only road thie in spector's report but the letter of the teochor himselnof. It was also duo to the hon. memlboer for Edoen, be. ooaso it was in his colsttito3ney. Ioe wIts now sIpeok ing of tile Bogo Rlnoan Catholi c school. Tto in spector said :--" In examnining the class-roll of this school I was led to doubt its correctness from this fct, that no half-day attendnces weore marked." hon. gontlemeln woul seo thlat where those records wore correctly.lkepttthere would he continually half day attendaones; but knowing that childron would occasionally stop or be ktopt Itwlty for half days, and findilg no records of that kind, it wats a fair pro sumption that the records had been made tlp) and not proportly okpt from oday to doy. "I compared it with the clss-rolls of ttho other schools in the town, and found that two girls, pupils in the public school, lhad been roprosunted as attending the publio and Roman Oatholit schools at the same time. When the discropancy w0ts ointeld out to the teacher of the public school, he requested me to wait upon the parents of the childroen so n to ascortain the truthl of the netter. M?rs. Galli, their motllher, informed me that they attended the Roman Catholio school, one for one day only and the other for a day nttd a-half. According to. the class-roll of that school they appearcd to have boon in atlondance for five woolac in the last quartor of 1866, for throe weoks in the first and two wooks in tie second quarter of the pro aent year. Mr. Quinlivan, the teacher, admitted thatto hohad made flson entries respecting those children, ando, in doing so, ronemarkeod that it loft to hroselfl ho'would not have done it. The ondmission was not masdo utitil I hmnded him Mr. Braino's letter with the certificato from the paronls. Iet ntlso stated that on wet days he had marked children presentt although they wore absent, regarding them as morally preosent. (Ltughter.) I havo.rocoived tflt enclosed letters from Mr. Qulinlivan sinco I lott Bogn." This gentleman wrote to the inspector upon the sub joct of the school, admitting tie faidsilcation. Ito said :-" Bogs, 18th June, 1867. Sir,-W-Vithl ro feronceo to the attendance of the two Gtllis at the Roman Uatholic shoool, Bogs, I bog to sltate that thety thavo been marked present when absent. The pIstor went repeatedly to try and got thoen to attend, and it was on the strength of that I markod theom present. I htove marnlklto d some present on wot days, rogarding thim as morally present. (Laughter.) I think you, Mr. Inspector, could see that the mLrk ing of the Gallit was not it wilful falsifiaetion on my part, and had I not been under inflince (influence froom which I now desire to he freed) I would never tMvo marlked ny one present but those in ottondanco. Shoull d the Cooneil of EJtdueation deoom this suftliciont cause for my dlismissal, I willingly submit to their decision ; at the same time I wish it to be distinctly understood, oos my charabler is at stako--(laughter) -in this, that I never intended it, I repeat, as it wilful fitsilication. I am, &c.; Signed-P. Quin livan, teacher. P.S.--Thy attended the school for one or two days, and it wits after their admission I marked themo, although not in attendanco." The teacher of the Publio tchool tt PBogo wrote thus to the inspoctor:--" logo, 18th Juno, 1867. Sir, Withl reference to your observations upon alleged discrepancy between the class-roll of the ogain public ochool, and that of the Begot Rotman Catholic soeool, I havoe the honor to forward enclosed certificate.-I htavo, &c.;, signed William HIenry Braino." The following wtas the cortilicteo enclosedo:-" B-ega, 18th Juno, 1867.-Tlhis is to certify that our children, Annie and Dominica Galli, have altteondd the Begs tublio Stchool from 9th April, 1866, to the presoult date, with this exceptlion, viz. : Annie wats t the 1ioga Iloman Catholic school on )Mondsy and part of Tuesday, 121h and 13th Novombor, 1866, and Oominica on Monday, 12th November, 1866-tho entire attendance of our childlrn at the Io0gu lioman Catholic school being--Dominica, one day; Annio, one day and It haltf Signed, Charles Gulli, Sarah (alli." Now hero was It case in which the tacher. of one of these schools was comnpollod, under tile strongest inflthnto that could be brought to bear upon him, to thlsify tlhes returns, after the clergy man had, day softer day, tried to seduce those childrenr from the publicschoola gainstthO parents' wish. The teacher then said ho wal instruoctod to ropresent them 00 present, because having oeen applied to by tie laergyman, they wore considered to be "morally ,resent." Whlatever olhjections might be raieod to the now body entrusted with the very important nmd responsiblte dty of ladmnistering tlhe magnifi coot grants of t,'rliameont for public education, they could not be hlamed for bIringing the trutth to light io these particuhtrs. It would he observed that lheyo had in no way gone about trying to maket up oo caso. Ir no single instance had they sought to tring forward evidonco; the ficts heo had laid before ihto House having come forth in the course of that duty they were compelled by ltawt to perforln, in order that they might see whether certain schools oxistedt, and to ascertain the state of instruction that existtdo in them. They had given no ordera thatanty fects of this kind should be songht, the instructiton buino given to tht the schools existed, and that the Council should oe informed of the state of educa ion in those schools. IIe said in ao former part of lie address that the Council of IE'laootion hod oeen oupportod by the lpublic in tio administration of the nte. The factse olhad adduced of so many opplisa tioon for now schtools, applications re)prelsenting ftirly and honestly all sections of the people, was :ullieiont to prove what he had advanced. But he night go even further than that, and saty there had not beeno liany oerious complaints mLado. .tto did not knowe of one. The reglahtionos-and ho would like to say here th?t the regulations ais well sos all the documents issuol frome the Councll were framed by that very able and vaolulle public servant, the secretary, of whom it was impossible too highly to praiso-woro merely passed by the Council. l'ho Council had nothing to do with thnem eyond revis ing themo. He thought it necessciry to say that because ho believed that ai wrong iimpliression had gone abroad. They woer not altered, nor did any member of the Council wish to improve upn them, as they possessed in the person of their secretary a man of great ability, of varied eccompslihmentsa to draw up the documeonts they issuced. These docu Initls had been cordially aeccpted by all classes of the community. Thie childre of the tRomani Catholic laity attended the piulie scehools in the proportion, ts he had showni , which the church horo to the population of the country ; and he mrlight say that lth cordial and unhesitating support the Council had received fronm Ill the other denominations of the clergy, except one, was another proet of their popularity. They had not onlyi brought into exist oncei these fifty-seven public schools, but it was i fact that there were nine dilenominationl schi olo which were in the course of being converted into public schools with tlhe sanction of their cloergy (tlear, hear.) There woro also twenty-night teLinl lrs who had applied to be transferred from denomi niational to public schools. (Mr. logs : TJihey'd get better pay, I suptposo.) Theliy would not cat better ph.y. (Mr. Maepherson; Yes they do.) There had boan no single application to convert a public school into a donominntional school. Thoro had not been a ninglo applicntion mndo by n teacher to ho troan ferred from a publio ochnol to dtnomilnationnl s01hool; and.ho mTight mtontioni fIrther, tlht disliln gnioslled clorgymon had waiteld upon him and called opon the secreutry to the Council of Elodcatimn to oxpreos their cordial desire to co-operate in working nlot the not. Onor gentleman, the minister of a largo district, a person who enjoyed Iho respect of the cohlny, had waited upon him to tIll him that h1 was nnxious to convert the wholo of the schools under his control into piblio schonls. (Hleor, hoar.) Ito was in a position to tay mro a han this. Only a day or two ago the Lord Itiohop of Sydney anod a inumber of his clergy ouight lllnd htad a conference with tho Council of Educatllion. This cnferenc was nsk1d for somno days beforehand by the Iliohop, and the Council requlird him to oulbmit in writing the suljects lhe desired to confer upon. 11I did so, the confarnceo took place, and laooted a whol fore noon, during which timno to ths subjoet wore fully considered. Amongst others the queoostion which now formoed the onliject of debato arose; andl, as thii was a plublic matter, ho fielt ho had a perfect right to ay thoro--and to speon on the authority of his position as president of the Council of lEducation that the Lord Bishop of Sydnoy, in the preoonce of the Doan of Sydney and other clergymoo, oaid ho had no ob!jection to roiaso to these books which the hoforablo member (Mr. Macpherson) objeocted to. (Mr. Mlacphorson: Not as Church of Englind books.) The law an it existed laid it upon tlhe Council of Edlcation to define tihe rourso of souloor instruction in all schools. It was a1 thing to be done permissirvly. They woro bound to do it; and the lact provided that the ameo course of eCcular instruction which was applicable to public chools IhoIld be applicable to do?noi national schlools. (HIlllr, hoar.) The ion. nlna hor's rsollution referred to soeculr books, Itndr the Lord Ilishop, of Sydnoy aid he11 had no oljection to raiso to those books; theorefor, the hoen. mmbnlor did not roprosent the Church of Englanl ill tohe IHos. [Mr. Egan : Hl nover said ho did.] The hon. aom-. ior said in the courso of his spoech that certain things would not satisfy " us." I1o (Mr. Plarkes) would likto to know whether the lion. member lolonged to that other churoh P The lion. member was a public clhractor, and ho thought wo had n right to know when ho wis converted. If. whoen h llokoi of "IIts," hto hod not moeant the Church of Englind, tho (Mr. Parkes) would like to know whom ho did moon. (Mr. tlcphorson: I do moan tlhe Churoh ofa ngland, not the church of infidols, if thoer is such t a thing.) (Laughtor.) Ila bolieved those books wore accoptablo to nearly the whole of the population, and he believed that the only body of gentloemn who strongly objected to them were tho clergy of the Roman Catholic churoh. II e did not dloeiro to oik witlh ditsspecOt of thlo,h butol renally bholiveod thati thile ohjootions to thu books wore confined almost entirely to the clergy. If not, how camo it that amongst thseo chlillrn ono-third were toonan Catholics P Notwithstanding the Irolmendousl oforts mndlo to compol OCtholic parents not to Hsoid their childroen to the schools, still so strong was the desiro to raise their children, thait it roeo above hilt love wlich was so strong in favour of thoir clergy, rand in piteo of ill ellorts to tho con trory, theso Catholic children did attend in num hors proportioned to their number in the population. AtLotheor conference of thoe Iishops waos held wtitlh a mctober of the governmn0 t. Ilo (Mr. Parkeo) lihai the honour of being waited upon by bishops of the toman Catholic Church, and amongst other thirngs their lordships laid before him, v a imeomber of the govornmont, a paper stlatitng wh0at they conxidaoredi to bo absoluto conditionos or their cosnurronco in osny system of public educatlion. In this paper one proposition was that in mixed schools the RIlmarn Catholic pupils should receive no religious insotroe tiso, moral or doctrinal, in common with the chil dren of other dooenominations. This was ono of the things which Ihey said woere indispensablo. A few days afterwards the vicar-general of the Roman Catholic Church addressed a ltoiter to the Council of Education, onclosing a oeries of resolutions which had been adopted at It conference of RIoman Catholic clergy. The first rosolution was:-" That wo, theo Catholic clergy of the dieccos of Sydney, cannot, and wvill'not, necept any series of bools for nso in our primary schools which shall not havO received the sanction of our Archbishop. That the serioe of school books published by the Christian "Brothers, and also the series at present used in the Roman Catholic schools of England, under the Privy Council system of education, having been sanctionet by his Gtraoo tho Archbisohop, oithtr of tiooo series will bw uacopted for use in our schools." It would bo reTCol looted that in thoir memorandnum the bishops stated that tlhy could not submit to any religious teaching in mixed sthools, and it would be recollected the proper authority of their church objleted to the series of books spoken of, and desired to substituot one or other of the two Hories mentioned il the vicar general's resolutions. In till these Rlomn Catholio donominational schools there wats largo proportion of Protestant children, and the act which the lgio laturo passed exlreasly provided that no child htould be refused dmiission into any donominationtl sochool on occount of its parents' creed. As a floot, tltero wore many Proestuat childlren in the Roman Cltho lic chools, and its this was interesting heo would road to the House a list of RIoman Catholio ochools with thoe roportions of Protestant and Roman Catholic? in them. At St., Leonardo there was It Roman Catholitc school, inl whichtt there wore 71 pupils, 40 of whom were Rotant Catholics and 22 Prottulants. At Kincumbor, thoro wore 41t childrent int school, 28 wore Roman Catholics tnd 16 Protestants. At Kluorragong there was a school of 65 children, 31 of whom wero Roman Catholics and 31 Protestanrto. At Ponrith thero were 08 pp lils in Catlholio school, 81 of whom wure Caotholics and 1 4 Protulltnts. At Itydo thero werte 37 in ta tchool, 1 wore Roman Uatholics and 22 woro Protestants. At Richmond there were 101 childron in a school, 53 woro Catholics and 48 were Proteslants. At Windsor, in a school of 150 pupils, there were 130 Roman Catholics Und. 20 ttrotiolanto. At Appin, in school of 51, theoro wore 36 Catholics andt'18 Protestants. At Jamberor, in a school of 57, there were 10 Catholics and 17 Protestants. At Spaniard's Hill, in it school of 68, there wore55 IRoman Catholics and 13 Protestants. At Grafton, in "a school of 70, tlhoro were 43 Ctholics and 27 Protootants. At lIartley, in t school of 32, there were 20 Catlholics nid 12 Protes tants. At IIorrima,t n u a school of 52, there were 3.4 Catholics and 18 P'rotestants. At hlittagong, in t school of 62, there wore ,42 Catholics and 20 P'rotes tants. At Norrigundalh.io It school of 63, thorn were 41 Catholics tand 22 P'rotestants. At Yaos, in It school of 02 oCholars, ttero woer 73 Catholics and 19 Protost1nts. Lot lton. omembers recollect thati the Roman Catholic bishops objected to religious toach ing, but that thoe olicial organ of the ItRoman Catholi Clhurch demanded tlhat wo should lsbstituto for our oecular books, which taught the children to road and write simplly, which were offensive to no body, which did not convoy lany religious instroe tion, but mireoly taught roeading, writing, arithmetic, and grttnnlar-that we should substituto for tLthen bootks of one of tho series mentioned in the resolution the had read. loro was at primer, a. book for toeaching clildren their A 013U :-" W\hen you come to school, you sltake the sign of tie cross bforo youl bogin your loessons. You make it oech timo tihe clolck striles, and wlon you say your prayers." And this wtas what thle lhon. ntemlbuer's motion asked us to do (itoar, oear.) As far ats t resolution of the IIouse could do it, Otto hon. moImber would breakl the law. (Ifour, hear.) After all the bat tl for preserving the best system of eccullr instruction, honl. members would destroy it itl if they passed this resolutionl This (thto primer) was one of the books which we were to introduce into theso schools in the tace of the !lithop'is assertion that they objected to religious iontruclton! What consistency was there in the proseedinlgs of these gentltmou ? 'Thtol there was the Second Book, the sequel to the onel hoad just quotted from :--Il this book, which it was propovsed to put into the hands of the twenty-two Protestant childron at Hltyld, whero tlhro were only fifteen llRoman Catholic children, wore the following words: " Whlen a priest satys n1mass, Ilh wants stone one to wait on him, to answer him in the prayers, and to smove his book. This is called coorving att mass. ,ittle boys are generally chO enl to serve the priest; tand when they have to do this they ought to think it the gtrotest tonoulr thlItt ct ll be) done theml. ?VW should think it all honour to wait upon a king, but God it the King o kiclngs, and whou a boy serves at miss ho is waiting upon Godl. Ito is standing close to the altar, which is God's throno. WVhen he rings tto bull, lJeoios Christ i oi that altar, and tllhe lgls tru all around it; for they cotel thler to Iadlor our Lord. \Whttt care, thorotlor, t. little boy should tako to be deou\'t and repectflet' when he serves at nas! " 't'hi wits whtt they wLru asked to iput into the hands of their Protestant children. (Anl hon. moember: It it absurl.) If atbsurd, why not accept tho books thle Council gives--the lighest class-books that could be obtained for loneoy for teaching the rudiments of secular instruction. In tho fitco of the declaration that the Bishops did not wish us to givo their childron religious instruction, they asked the S(Council to abrogate the low to withdraw the hooks which the Council had sanctioned and hsubstituto I thorse for them. Ilo had road specimons of one of theas series, and he would now read a specimon of another, from the Christian BIrothors series. This wans the first, or A B O book, and the specimens which ho should read were ns followsn:--" As there is but ono God, so thoer is but one true faith, and n trueo church. IBy thie grace of God I am in this clhurch, whero I havo Itho true ftith. I should often makeo thn sign of the cronO (t), thit ts, iless myoself. I should also learn what that holy osign moans, nnd take care not to make it in too great haste. Even a child like me should make acts of faith, hope, and love. Then I will often say, '0 my God! I believe in thee, and in all thy church teaches.' " (Louar, hoear. An heon. member: "There is no harm in it.") Perhaps not; but this was what they were asked to plit into the hands of Protestant children. W?ould the hon. gentleman (a Roman Catholic) like his child to be roared in the doctrines of the Protestant faith P The act provided that no chili sthould te rolfused admission into a school on account of Iis religious faith, and thin being so, no book should bh prmittedl that ga0o offenco to the religious faith of any child. The Roman Catholic bishops objected to any religious instruction at all, antd yet with marvellous inconsistonency they asked the Council to withdraw the books now provided, and sulstituto those books which certainly ought not to be placed in thohands of Protestant children. Tito same book from which he had quoted, had the following story:-" A poor girl, lying on her death bed, was visited by two of the Sisters of Charity " anod he boggedol to he uinderstood tihat ihe was spreaking wit a roevereontial feeling, and with profound respect fir those ladies whoi ha doi e so d o muchi good in the world.. "A poor girl, lying on hlier death ted, was visited Iy two of the Sisters of Charity. They found her instructed in the durtie of religion, and well disposed for the awfil panssage to eternity. On visiting her a second time, they poreoived that her last hour was fast approaching; and one of them having romildod her of it, exhorted ihr to invoke tie Illessed Virgin, whoso intercussion is most powerful at that trying moment ; the poor girl raised her dying oyes, looked at the lady for a monont, and replied, that she had gone to the con veot school, whero she had been taughlt to sany the flail! Mary, whenover she hoard the clock strike, and that she Ohad continued to do do even when she was selling roots in the market. She then burst forth into the most ardent expressions of the conno hltions which it allforded hter, and of the confidenco sis had that tihe llessod Virgin would not now denort her. She diedl oon after. This was, indeed, ia Itoly practico, and one that clannot be too strongly. rcomnmonded to young persons. It tends to remind them of death, and to excite their confidenco in the protection of the i?ther of God. The Ohaill Mary, is one of the most excellent prayers we can use. Part of it wast brought from lheaven by the angel Gabriel when lie canto to announceo to the Blessed Virgin that' she wris to Oe the mother of God; part of it was spoken bty St. Elizabeth, inspired by the holy Ghost, when the 131eosed Virgin went to visit hler; and part of it was mader'by the church. lHow beautiful are the words of which it is composedl 'I rail, IMary, full of grace, the Lord is with thee; Ilessod art tih un among women, and blesosed is the fruit of thy wolnb, Joans. Holy Dary, mother of God, pray for us sinners, now and at the time of our death. Amnon.' A child who says this little prayer ten or twelve timnes in the dy will have said it about four thousand times at the end of the year. if, like this poor girl, lie were on his deathbed and could reflect that he huad said this prayer piously such a number of times, what consolation would it not lfford hin ? lMay ihe not confidently hope that the Bllessed Virgin, on whom lie had called so fro queontly during lifo, would not forsalko him at that awful moment when he will moot stand in need of her assistanct ? R tombeor, hIowover, that it is not by merely' praying to the Blessed Virgin you can save your soul. It is by loading a good lifo. But if you pray frequently to her sho will obtnin for you, from God the grace which will enablo yon to do so; she will obtain for you also the greatest of all graces, a hapIpy death." Now, would his hon. friend the mombor for Goulhurn, or his hon. and rev. friend the member for West Sydney, who sent his childran to school to he taught the rudiments of an English education, lilku this ? IIt did not questcaion the piety of those who taught this, but he would say that it was not intended iy the Itouseo at the present moment (hear, itoar), to enact or sanction that the childlron who attended the mixed schools, which were thrown openi to all, should be taught the rudi monte of a secular education in conjunction with religious doctrineos. Thles books did not stop with the extracts lie had road, but time would not permit him to rend more. Thero were, moreovor, passages in these btooks which wero of a highly seditious nature. This was no place to talk of the wrongs of Iroland, nor was he going to raise any question its to how that country had boon governed; but lie did not think it would becomo the members of this government, holding ofllco under the Queeon, to atnction what was no mnlore nor loss than sedition. (lfoar, hoar.) If parents desired to have their children taght sedorlition there were places where it could be taught, hut this hIouso ought not to teach it. With regard to the resolution before the Ilouso hio apprehended that it had not deceived anybody. Thie object of the lion. gentleman's resolution was to restrict the power of the Council of Education to pro nsrilo the course of secular education in donomina tional schools. [Ir. IMacpherson: No.] The hon. gentlomni know well oernogh what Ito meant. What did the act say ? Thoe Gfl section of the act empow ered the Council of Education " to frame regulations * * * for doeining the course of socular instruo tion." There could be no doubt about that. In the proviso of the 9th section it wats provided that all certifietld denominationl schools shall be subject to the sameno course of secular instruction, the samo rogahations, and the santo inspection tas may be pro scribed in foreference to public schools with suchmodi fications, not being inconsistent with any express pro vision of this act, as may by judged to be okpodient by the Council of Education. It was very easy to soee what thoseo modifications were. It the secular instruction occutpied the whole of the timeno of the children, as it would if the same course were carried on in the denominational achools as in the publio ichools, it would leave no time for religious instruction, and therefore it had borrn modified so aus to leave time for religious teaching. That wits the law, and the resolution was aimed at the repeal of that law. HIo thought he had shown that It great change was urgrntly neoded in the administration of the parlia mentary grents for education. No ono ofunprojudiced mind would doubt that the Public Schools Act was suited to the complicated nature of things as they existed in the colony. Iha might even point to the sister colony of Victoria, whore a more sweeping ioeasure was introduced into parliament, and, by being so, fatiled. Tho act in this colony, hy roason of its moderato character, had succeeded, and he von turcd to say that it had proved a groet success. (hlour, hoar.) Any measure that had been instru mental in planting fifty-seven schools in seven months whore they had not befhro existed, and had carried the means' of education to no fewer than two thousand three hundred children, who, without it, would not have had any educationt t all, was a great andl aminuot success. (oear, hear.) If it had not proved so successrful there were many reasons alnd apologies which could havo been given why it had not proved saccessful. The work was groat; the measuo rerquired great labour.antd much timeo; but noltwithstanding this, )y close application on the ipart of the Coucil, theu Act had been brorght into llhectivu operation. An idea of the liabour of the Courncil may be gathered from the fact that they had hold fifty-two meetings, nearly all of thorn com menlcing ait threeo o'cloolk in the aftornoon; and con tinting till a hato hour in the cvoning. This was a alnioioant mirror of the labours of those gentlemen, who received no reward. If the government had shown tlhunt this Act wais a great success through the ltbours of tholo Roollomen, theo Iouso would bhe slow to lend itself to a motion so mischievous in its design ias that bcfrro the HiIouso. lie felt sure that the intelligence which carried through the Act with such triuimphanlt soiccCsa would watch with jealous eyes m a ly alttemt to inturfero witoi it. (lIear, hear, amid chrers.) ]Lt tto Act go on II reasnonable time. So far it Ihad bhaen worked honestly, zealously, and with a sitglo desire to benefit the colony. Weit till the aund of the yoar andi then inlstituto any inquiry the Itouso might thinik tit; and ihe did not think the ltolus wourhl be doinlg its duty unless snome inquiry were institrotd. Io considered it was the duty of thim Irousa, it the proper time, to institute the most earching inlquity, to know how the grntsu for educa tiolrei purposes wtrt, tdministired; but it was only fair to unk tthe Iouso to loneave it till that time. If tho Act was foind to be defective, thouen cure its defects, but lot them not reondor it valueless by such mm nbsurd act of oelf- stultification-by aidopting a resolution which, if not mischievous in its ollects, was on account of the fooble power behind it. (Cheers.) 