A GHOST IN A LONDON SCJUAEE.- I The inhabitants of Woburn-square, Bloomsbury, have been annoyed during the past week by large numbers of the rag -ed and noisy population of St. Giles in quest of a ghost said to be a denizen of their enclosed square garden. So great and increasing bas been the crowd for the last night or two that police have been told off for the special service of maint tining order and making the popu- lace move on. The excitement appears to dato from last Satur lay night, and various absurd rumours of skeletons, women in white, etc., are rife, though it id by no means door wbo waa I bc first to <1 tect tliia supposed ghostly visitor, nor easy to find any ono who can assert ; that ho has soon any such appearance. After a visit to the spot, ne can adi mi that the whole ovid nee of anything out i of the common is confined to the exist- j ence of a patch of light falling upon an ; arbour at the north-east corner of the enclosure, and which is perfectly evi- j dent to any ono looking through the railings on the west sido of the square «ear tho spot. This light is, wo believe, 1 nothing more than that thrown by a gas laiiip at thc north ond of the square, and which, passing through a gap in the I shrubs, ii cast in a somewhat remarkable manner upon tho spot in question. Wc would strongly recommend that the light should bo temporarily extinguished, when we believe that both the ghost and the consequent excitement would subside simultaneously. Two otho solutions have been suggested fur thu appcar.'uico -tho application of phosphorus, and thc use of reflecting mirrors by some mischievous inhabitant of the iicighbour hood. Keilher ol' these hypotheses is, in our opinion, tenable. --Thc Lancet. STII.VMÍE AnvuitTistWKxr.-A Mrs. Smith, having Inst her husband, thinks that tim best filan is to advertise, which sho does after this fashion :-" Lost, strayed, or stolon, an individual whom 1. in an urgent moment of loneliness, was thoughtless enough to adopt as my hus- band. Ho is a. good looking and (coblo individual, knowing enough, however, to go in when it rain«, unless some good looking girl oflbiM him her umbrella. Answers to tho name of ' Jim.' Wfc& last seen in company vith Julia Harris, walking up tho plank road, looking more like a fool, if possible, than evr-v. Anybody who will catch tho poor fellow, and bring him carefully back, so that 1 can chastise him for running away, will be asked to stay tea."-American 1'aper. ARTESIAN Wni.r.s is At.aisiti.L. Twenty-three years ago, thc French colonials of Algeria made their first attempts to sink artesian wells in their newly-acquired territory; but after boring in two places in the province of Oran to a depth of ninety-,'ight and 17« metres without striking water, the attempts were abandoned. In 1S5G, operations were resumed by tho military corps of engineers, and from that date, with two or three exceptions, every boring has succeeded ; and at tho end nf lSGl, sevrnty-fivo wei If were flowine and del vcring 4-,20O,00O litres of water every hour, or 100,000 cubic metres a day. Tho water is limpid and drinkable but generally a little brackish. Tho effect of such a supply on the social lifo and industry of tho country may be imagined. A villago and date plantations riso up around every well, and tho natives, having something to lose, pre- fer peaca to prcdacity. Thirty-live of tho wells aro in tho Oulcd liir district, which stretches far to tho south. Tho deepest well isl7(i metres, the shallowest twenty-nine metres, «nd tho total of all thc borings amounts to GG28 metres. Thc entiro cost, defrayed by a tax on tho nativos, was 400,000 li anes. Among the material results, we aro informed that 150,000 dale-trees have been planted in the Oulcd Sir district alone, besides fruit trees of other kinds, and innre than 2000 new gardens have boen formed. Wo may expoet that these bonelicial operations will bo continued, for four boring brigades have been establish ed, all wei) provided with implements, for the put'poso of systematic exploration, and to sink wells in places likely to yield water. Guided by years of ex- perience, their failures arc now but few, and year by year their knowljdgo of thc local hydrography, surface and Bub terrauean, becomes moro complete. Alhcnoum. 