A?x,,ncr Hthe possession oftnewssperof lt?. own must be considered advantageous t.b G?,' verement, still, in common with l other gpod-? things, it has its attendant evils. The editor.-r of a Governmentjournal, like hislees favoured brethren, must fill his columns somehow, and' the temptation to furnish his reuider? with exclusive information is very great. 'Having access to official documents, his desire to create a sensation will sometimes override Isis judg ment: in endeavouring to cause a run on hti journal he will be apt to expose to the;iblic gaze what it would be wiser policy to lc~p$si.a the dark. The once leading journal of Queensland afforded an illustration of this when the "Executive Memoranda in connection with the dissolution of Parliament" were placed in the hands of the George-street compositors.i We supplied our readers with a cop of the precious document on Saturday, asno::e?Ak : them now whether they think the whit?r df '. the Courier acted kindly or wiselywishen thus challenged criticism of a state pperao characteristic and yet so extraordinary. We can only account for his conduct on onesup position-and wwe are inclined to think iti'? the correct one-namely, that the comical brochure saw the light "by-command ot his Excellency,"5 who was not very careful sato the figure his Ministers might cut before 'the country, so long as jhe personally was set right. It was, however, too bad. Let us see of whtt this very ponderous ministerial memorandum consists. It deals first with the action taken by the Assembly in reference to Mr. D0uo?as --action which, at the time, we unhesitatingly condemned, and which we believe a considerable majority of the House have since regretted. But how Ministers could have felt "compelled to view this adverse vote as p grave reflection on their policy" completely staggers us. We can't see the faintest" shadow of a cbnhection. Policy! Mr. PaLOER, indeed, has it iri print that lilniners have no policy. That then must be the idea, and the adverse vote of the Assembly was a grave reflection on nothing. But the vote. is said to have been not only a reflection on the Government policy, but also "one among mapy proofs of the disorganisation of parties." Here we are adrift again. What hes carelessness in perusing an Act of Parlia ment to do with the disorganisation of parties? There is just about as much connection be. twecn them as between Tenterden Church steeple and the Goodwin Sands. Ministers, however, did not, as they my, recommend a dissolution on account of on adverse vote containing a grave reflection on their policy, or proving the disorganisation of parties: their action was "?hased rather on - general grounds of policy." Hare we begin to breathe more freely. General grounds of policy l Let us take a stroll over these ?rounds; the idea of walking on terrafirma is refreshing. The first "ground of general policy" on which a dissolution was advised ia thus stated:- At the eommeneament of this session, Miinisters were met by a direct motion of wont of confidence. Thisvote was segltired without a division ; but dur ing s lenchy debate, extending over three sittings, it manifest that ths most conflicting opinions pro naled umoag the members on subjects of great im y, here we are slipping about again, with nothing tangible under foot. Tentorden steeple must be responsible for luore than its chime~gfterall. A want-of- confidence motion esgativid without division would be regarded '-withatldafaction by most Governments. Bot then!s tonflicting opinions prevailed among t t~ibere on subjects of great importance." P :_-nib?hI !-! The world then has some longer tiste pt to lie; the millennium has not nrrsnedf 'and Kiast therefore feel justified in eapressing their -plalsa- that the House, as at present constituted, is ?aef?. yt? aesomplish any useful business. ° ? ?m-dkitin diet--when the new writs "?irhi !'when the roaring lions of the SlbtW ialt. couch down lovingly with the Iptiwah lamb, and conflicting opinions on m-j?Ieofp great importance shall not prevent e shmett of useful business -Ankd yet itiiulmest?boyond a joke that the country khosld- be fooled after this fashion. The onid?iment here state distinctly--no words ,ouel he plainer--that a Ministerial '.-dctory. and-conflicting opinions in the House indneed them to ask the Governor for a disso lution. "~' idee lrefisre feel justified, Ac.". Wherefore P Why simply for the res a-on we have quoted. The House was not lirekd t accomplish any useful business be naose the motion of want of confidence was negatived without division, and conflicting -pinipns prevailed. On these grounds the •inpbj]y is condemned as a body useless for o"y- scicalpurpose, and sent about its ·Lbs' . us'e; however, some addenda--a few eoMJlMiS othe moir proposition so lucidly S-4 ?ta~ad. Aud?fint, Ministers regard i04l** vote on the DonT.Xs question !f'?tndndicatioh that they can no longer de -a*-iu?aprt updds who previously viotit0th'm "The us certainly the first timtee'lret beard ot a Government fortify ing.wr~deend for adissolution by com plaZi~iXbtleghat#he tare lost their friends. Bnutt?tkB'iao re- they believe further that t?e?b1diwlqqse qp?i~ion among those .who the,,~k':rcd-b i r, policy." Less cohesion thp .: ..'t fesa than existed between Mr. Mactttavn-and Mr. Heanr¢a when the fokier ?tefeed to remain in a House ruled by dsekttan'rorheas·'than existed between Mr. Miihrsaha and Messrs. ?IEG ,and Mmo Wiij. ,they ast at the same concil tn '1O on indeed ! who cansay that, s e:ths are over, we shall not hear fl ?i pking of the present Premier ;? ? siend and colleague" and i forhihonesty P Political coho Queensland is a ticklish com mo~itI~t&Mseletilate; In, and if Mr. M as. na~~'tbi .b0iopponents could not form a O~bil~;t,~he~.Jfipwa little,-.wloought to know mofStlbfth power, that power gives. Rica isa rhiasit- eessme 1. secede, and nothing attengihens:the cohesive properties ofa party llke1sai4 sojaesjo thing to stick togetherfor. r.)4sa3'knows why he joined Mr. i4 'and. Mr. Macnagerr .and Mr. N ea'amd'wls Mv. Gone and Mr. Donoras joined his."'q haaaright ?therefore has he to 61n1izt'nnir bifb.fnhealon among his oppo. nei!tht'. ia~ Jiiapertinent assumption and nothing mboenidsidiestes a strange forget fsM4emaFthe~ptligdes phenomena ofthe past.: Wan trea td 'berte toa melo-dramatic: sni ?1ii~;t.? "a?,i~tit htn eina bittle bue: t i tt ? '?'e e L ' "I t ]s n o w , " s a y : ini4 4m..tla day, exrctly four years aiee theritt;ai'tliament of Queensland was d•,Isbltnd 'Solemn coincidence i overwhelm lu -otjnderation, Ous almout expects to li~ppkakile, and see the pale ghosts of qtu "" eld-.easioua rise upon the scene. -.n601ithies dayl who can escape the peslentleinhP- s:B aides, the population has nearlj dostibled,'"revenue -and expenditure (ay,bmarry!) more tlhaniloubled, cireumnstances lte!sd, impotainee of wolony increased-all these hings renuder a direct appesl tg the constietBiebis deeirable." Well, but why have w-ited?a jri?p?L~mb]?y.' for the anniversary day ? 'ttflls'tn-. e was desirable for the rea aopautiapdtpmight certainly have been made at tiir ::convenient season. Not only so, but It wt w' aglly promised by thse Premier that -it ialiduhd'take place during the late 's'icea' , lantTanuary was named for the diasolutle.".. .In thbetert paragraph, Ministers "have no hesitation in stating that the House, as at pres tto?oiti.tuted, moat inadequately repre sennte;tithboplinion of the people." This, itn npitn of ·Ithe favourite "no hesitatiotn," is a bare e?xpression of opinion, worth simply nothibrg. -. . :The phiagraph that follows is perhaps the fiuiniest in the whole paper. In the first place, the Governor, we imagine' would be very uihikely "to call in the assistance of -wembbes frti'hes Opposition," so long as be '2q61 'Thead piovided ?ti h responsible adri .-;st-auy rate, at a not the way in which theriepse~ntative of the Crown in a colony peaseaing responsible Government usually acts. ' What'Ministera meant to say was evl dentlythat tlkrresiggnoeion might be " urged;" but tJn;vhy noee say it P Secondly, we are told tliht "?both sides of the House have already been called in"-the possibilities have all been ?tsied--tlte talents are all exhausted \--fire of the Opposition have already come to the rescue of the Government, atnd yet tltey are powerless: who then; could succeed P Two only of the origittal Government remain, faithful amongst the faithless. Messrs. BELL and M[aemcsrsaEn, themselves recruits, base recruited till the raw material of outside bumpkins is exhausted, and yet tlsy cnsnot mnreh. It is excessively lind of them to endeavour to spare others thle disappointment of a like failure. Passing by the considerate remarks on tite subject of the electoral rolls, we come to the last crowning argument of all in litvour of the dissolution. Moribund Parhlausents are aslways inattentive to business, and " it is believed that in England no Pas-liament Ioas ever l'een allowed to expire by efl8uxion of time.' Tisis statement is either a paltry quibble yr it is uutrue: if it does not indicate unp jardonably gross ignorance, it must have been tsade writhl a deliberate intention to deceivo. ThIe Ens,. lish Parliament never literally explires by effluxisn of time, it is true, but it very oftets completes its seven sessions, which is the same tlhing in effect; in fact, it alwaLys does so unless there is some strong reason to the con trary. The English Parliament is never dis solved on the ground that it'has legislated for six sessions. The very last Parliament com pleted its working period, passed its seven A-ppropriation B3ill,. end was dissolved simply because there was nothing more for it to do, and time wvas required fbr the elections. IC Parlienient were permitted to expire literally by effuxion of time, the general election would come on just at the time when the Houses ought to meet. This reference to English precedent then, by the Governmen:, is wide of the mark entirely, for, if the session of the Queensland Parliament, lately termi nated so suddenly, had been allowed to run its course, there wvuld have been no occasion whatever for the Assembly to expire by effluxion of time, inasmuch as Parliament might, in accordance with English precedent, have been dissolved as soon as the business was over, without waiting for next July, the date on which, according to the eftluxion- of time principle, the second Queensland Parlia ment would have expired. We have now gone through this remarkable document, bestowing upon it much more at tention than its intrinsic merits warrant. We have shown that there is hardly a state ment in it that is not ill-founded, not an argument that will bear analysis. From be ginning to end it is one transparent tissue of hypocritical humbug, through which may be seen as clearly as if it had no covering at all the wriggling process by which a foregone con clusion is arrived at under false pretences. 