THEATRICALS. Boyal Victoria Theatre. Tho following notico was written for our last weoV issue, but unavoidably, and literally, at the " élèvent! hour," omitted through want of available spaco. Ii justico to Mr Anderson's masterly impersonation of th characters referred to, wo pay him this hearty, i somewhat delayed tributo, in our present number; Tho garbled melange which wo have been accustomed to accept on tho stage as Richard III, and which wa dished up by Colley Cibbcr, not only from Shakspero' tragedy " of that ilk" but «Iso from other portions o the poet's works with interpolations of Colley's owi brain-coinage, was produced at tho ahovo theatre ot Saturday night week, and repented on the two following evenings. Though tho enerby und truth of tho origina are greatly deteriorated in the eyes-of all enthusiast)' admirers of tho great dramatist, yet apart from-this and for alt stage purposes, tho drama in its presen form always commands, and doubtless always will com' maud, a certain umount of nover-failing- interest, nm alfords a grcator scope fer the actor who plays Hiclmrd, than perhaps tho original docs. Mr Anderson's per formanco of Richard of Gloucester highly delighted us, Instead of representing "crook backed Dick" ns a morose, scowling, murderous, stumping, muling, roaring, un- intellectual millan, os is too frequently tho caso, ho in- fuses a considerable amount of tho comic element inte his schemes of self-nggranclisemr-nt I hus.taking tho same view of tho character us Hazlitt, who maintains thai Richard was essentially of u comic turn-"that his pride and consciousness of superior menial power over overybody around him, and hts capacity of milking them subservient to his purposes, displayed itself in secret and emiting chuckling*, and whilo ho stopped short al no atrocity that would advance his interests, ho harmed na one wantonly, or from malignant and spiteful motives. "All his deeds, sanguinary und heartless usthry were, did not spring from hutred or cruelty, but from overweening svlf-lovo and insutiublo ambition, lie tn-nt> mankind as so ninny puppets ot whom ho laughs whilo he pulls their strings, and destroys or throws aside, when they interfere with, or no longer servo his purposes." faking thia view, we consider Mr Anderson's persona- tion of tho character very groat indeed-ail the lights and shades of subtlety, ambition, and sophistry were delineated with tho very highest degroe of artistic ability, whilo various new readings of sentences .'familiar in our mouth« ns household words" stunted by their novelty, ns much ns they c clight ed by their torco and truthfulness. It is unnecessary to say more of Mrs Hoir than that sho PLAYED the Queen. Mr Lawrence garo considerable forco to tho little ho had to ns lticlnnond, his costume being especially rich and appropriate. Tho other characters were sustained with that stereotyped ability which Kiohurd III must always got from any stock company who have learned the Alpha Beta of their profession. A word is duo to tho scenic appliances by which a much maro -effective character is givon to tho fifth aot than has usually been the cuse. Hitherto tho appearance of the two "armies" has generally excited U-elings.more akin to the ridiculous than the sublime,-but by tho present arrangement this Motmsh is considerably subdued, and moreover, the " Ghost" episode is moro supernaturally contrived) The combat between Einhard and Richmond is vory spirited, and elicitod tremendous applause from a house crowded in every part. On Wednesday and Thursday night Mr Anderson oppoarcd in tho character of King Lour. To play this arduous part ovou decently is no slight nohiovo niont, and consequently its perfect representation is really an effort of genius, and this characterised Mr Anderson's p rformauco to. tho fullost oxtont. All the varied phases of tho character were dclLoated with u force,"truthfulness ar.d onorgy, winch woro the vory sublimo of tragedy. 'Tto sudden transitions from tho extravagance of rogo, to deep-tonod pathos suited tho alternate impetuosity of tho King, and tho yielding and subdued natura of tho deoply woundod fathor. His voice possessed all the undortoncd gruuations of an old nnrl Hlllïntnrl nan. mid whim wnnclorinir throiiftli tim pitiless storm, bare headed and witless, tho effect was so completely maintained tlmt tho mimic scone seemed to field placo to ronlity. The<socno with his two duugbteis was a consummate display of artistic excellence, as was also that whioh oulminatcs in tho fearful imprecation on tho undutiful Gonoril. His delivery of this perhaps tho most withering curse ever evoked-was a masterpiece of appalling sublimity ; again in tho "storm sceno with Mud Tom, tho whole of it was complote, tho triumph hore being shurcd by Mr lt. Heir, who played excellently well throughout as Edgat. Tho Inst eceno of all whioh ended tho strange oveut'ul history of thu poor heart-broken monarch, was in keoping with tho rest of tho personation, whioh may bo briefly summed up as being ono continu- ous displuy of oxeellenco from first to last. Mr Anderson l al to bow his ackuowleJgoinents nt tho end of evory act in answer to tho vociferous calls of.a crowded house. This latter urtiolo by tho way is now tho invariable rule ut this theatre instead of, as heretofore, tho rare oxaoption. To play tho " fool" in tho right placojs said to bo no mean acliiovoraent ¡ and it is presumable that to play it in the right way is equally meritorious, and that credit is especially MissKato Ûorcoran's, whoso portraiture of that curious anomaly was varjr characteristic, her vocalism being «weet and harmonious. Mrs Heir was a charmingly feminine Cordelia, und Mr Hogers an excellent Kent. Luwronoo wus a good Kdmund, but tho eli trader ia so bpposedjto tho sympathies of tho audisnoo, tliut tho actor is doubly meritorious, who does justice to so disagreeable a part. Tho rest of tho eliuraotors wero adequately sus I mined in their degree! of ability by.tlia other members [ of the company, which, inolutling as it does so tanny talented names ti tantamount to esyingtliat every justice was dono to what the afore-mentioned William Hazlitt pronounces " the most perfcot spcoimén of the dramatic art existing in the world." Mr James Anderson has since appeared (on Satur- day and Monday) in Macbeth. His delineation of. the character of the vacillating and guilty thane was a most rrmstorly performance, and the applause which greeted him on both occasion*, proved that this imper- i sonntion has not a little contributed to add to the popu- larity of his talents ; and though popular opinion is sometimes erroneous, yet it is generally correct, and to our notion, in this case particularly so, for Mr Anderson's performance of this difficult port will bear strict com- parison with that of any actor, past or present, at least if a happy union afforce and judgment, devoid of conven- tionality, and fee from that exaggerated physical de- monstration which is generally associated with other embodiments of lite character bo not "from the purpose of playing", which is we are told, to hold tho "mirror up to nature." Mrs Heir was a dignified and impress ire Lady Macbeth, and the rest of the characters itere sustained with a general level of excellence, with the exception of Macduff, who lacked both forco and passion. On Tuesday night, Mr Anderson took his first step out of Shakspermn personation by appearing os Claude Melnotte in Buitrer a popular Lady of Lyons. He achieved a brilliant success, looking and acting the part to admiration. Mrs Heir was a charming Pauline, ?ind «ve here take the opportunity of congratulating that lady »n the fino acting she has uniformly displayed throughout Mr Anderson's engagement, and more par- ticularly in the widely different characters of Voluinnhi, Beatrice, Cordelia and the haughty beauty of Lyons. MrRigers played the bluff Damas in Ilia usual hearty manner. We wera surprised Hutt Mrs Jones did nof play Mad, Deschuppelles, that being a style of character in which that useful and painstaking actress is particu- larly excollent. A very large audience was attracted .by this performance, the boxes being , well filled, and every other part of tho house crowded to inconvenience.. The balance of the week has ' been filled up with! the repetition of Richard, Hamlet, and Coriolanus, and ro-ni«ht Mr Anderson will ruako his first appearance as Othello. . .. 