WESLEYAN CHURCH SUSTENTATION ÄND . EXTENSION SOCIETY. . 'Thoannual meeting of thia' sooioty, waa held laat .Taning, in tho Wesleyan Ohurofa, Bourke strcot. Burry Hills. Tho chair was takon by Mr, Ebeneser Vickory. After dov.tlnal exorclsos, o report waB road by the BOT. Ur. Orana, describing tbo various operations of Church Extension, carried out by, tho aid of this society. Rov. 8. RADONS road tho troaiurer'a account, by which it appeared that tho receipts for th« year from the Sydney distriot amounted to £008 7s. 3d.; thoso from tho Bathurst distriot to £104 Gs. 8d. ; thoso from Ihe Maitland distriot to £105 Ss. 2d.; thoso from tho Goulburn district to £108 le. OJ. ¡ from tho wholo colony £10-11 2s. Od. had been oontrlbnted. Tho Government money for 1807 wa« £1572 10s Od. Tho Church and Behool monoy for 1805 was £282 14s. Od., making the total income, £2851 Os. Od. The expendi- ture on building, loans, removal of minister«, Ac, left a balaceo in we hand of the treasurer of £25 0«. 6J. (.Choc re). The Bar. RICHARD AMOS moved the adoption and printing ot the report, with' thanksgiving to'God for the saocess vouchsafed to this eocioty Aftor a long disquisition on tho difficulties of publio speaking, he referred to tho progress of church building by ths Wesleyans in thia colony. Ho remembered the opening of this church twenty years ago. , At that time thero was no South, Head Road nor Woolloomooloo. They came into tho country to Surry Hills to get to thl6 chapel. Ho questioned wbother they had kept pan with tho growth of population in makins provision for publio worship. He »greed with thoso who regardod Elaoea of worship as tba ornaments of .the land. ,A ouso for God in town or village waa a recognition of the fact that our national prosperity is based on reli- gion. What a centre of operation la the place of wor- ship. Tho power of tho pulpit has not ceased.. It is »till Cod's instrument for elevating human society. Wherevor tho Word of God is proached there ie a levor for elevating man- kind. But th« pulpit, though' ' tho' chief power for good in thc -church, was not all. Thero was the Sabbath-school,, tho Bible, and Traot Society, the Bonovolent Moiety. ' Tho house of God was "the birthplaoo of souls. , An old Quaker in Bheffiold once termed . a Wesleyan Chapel " a' converting farnaco." That was, a true description.' A, veteran Wesleyan had said their church should be, not meroly "a converted church," but " «converting church."' That was the very nature of Christianity-the' ¿he 'religion among men that was to swallow up all others. Thoro was to bo one Lord in all' tho earth, and His name ono. He ' would not think it worth while to erect ohurohes. fot \ any subordinate purpose Their great'purpose was thc conversion of sinners to God. . One ' ohicet' of this eooioty was to aid, in paying oft* chapel dobta. Ho hoped gentlemen who bad moro money than they know what to do with would contribhto to tho loan fund. Ho was thankful that God was raising up young men in thaso colonies-for tho work ot tho ministry. Th's, year nineteen young' mod ' were re- ceived hy the Conference aa candidate for the ministry. The harvest is plontèous, the labourers are fow. They noodod In this country more of tho aggressive spirit of the Episcopal Motbodist Church in Ambrica. Mr. T, P. RBXVB seoondod tho resolution. He said whon he was appointed a olaes leader, tho present pro sidont of tho conference, Her. H. H. Gaud, said so bim, ' If you cannot 'db all you wish, do as well aa you Oin." He applied that to this society. In looking over the reports, he found they wore stationary, in thoir finances. Thero wore 30,000 persona attending tho Weale- an ministry ; but thoy raised only £1100 last year for tbls eocioty. That was only Od. a hoad. In helping this eocioty, they, wore really helping them- selves. Tbl« district received from tho fund more than it contributed. Surely thoy ought to do more than Od. a hoad towards euoh a sooioty as thia. This eocioty and tho Missionary. Society wcro tho two groat high roads of Methodism. Ho urged tho duty of giving to God, on principle, a stated proportion of thoir income That was a proper system ; and unless tho Chu roh waa educated up to thia system thoy would always bo in diffluulty. A tenth, or a acveoth, or a sixth should be sacredly sot apart. He thought a tenth waa tho lowest which they could sot apart for God. A gontleman with £500 a yerr, if ho had no children, ought to give £100 a year. A mechanic earning £2 a wook might sot spart a tenth, that is 4s- a week. If ho left it to mero impulse, and gave what ho could spare, ho would giv'o little. " Thoso who had little were'as much called on to.givo a proportion of ihoir, littlo as tho rich wera to give of their wealth. . Young poople who received £la woek might sot apar,t 2s. a wcok. .The ob]eot of this society, was to spread Scriptural ! holness throughout tho land, to spread that religion which mado people thankful and joyful in affliction. ' ' Tho resolution was carried unanimously. Tho Hov. H. H, OÁVD¡ President of tho Conference, moved tho second resolution, pledging the meeting to inoreasod contributions, with prayer, for tho effusion of tho spirit on the Work of this sooioty, He hoped tho Wesleyan poople would nod and study .their report. Thoro wera some who looked woll into tho way tho soclajty's fund«" woro eipondod. Ho wished this wera dono more, generally.. Tho. moneys were' appropriated by a eommitte of ministers and lay gentlomcn. Some thought too . rouob, woe expended on' the snston tatlon ofiehurchea already.established, and too little on the extension of. churohes in tho interior. But In; many districts : tho sustentation of now and woak circuits was -necessary. : Ho hold that thoy woro ex* tending their opérations, whllo they woro sustaining theso ciroutts in a state of efficiency. Daring tho last six months, they had set to work eomo thirty of the Habbath-eebool children in,- Ohippendalo collecting pennies. These amounted* to a" largo sum. No ono felt tho los« of a penny a wcok, and £10 OOO a »ear might bo raised in tbfs way. Thus children woro trained up a« labourer« in the causa ot God. (Cheers. ) The Kev. W. KBLYNACK seconded tho resolution. Ho was muoh pleased with the remarka of Mr. Roovo. Thoy Just mot tho wholo cass. If they could only inoculate the Christian mind with thia system, they would have all their aocloties woll supplied. On this subjcot there was groat looacnoss of practico, and want of regard to tho Word of God. The causo ot Christ waa impeded; tho work of tho Church languished; just for tho lack of that which ought to have boen frooly offorod from konost allogianoe to Christ! God. somotimcs assortod nts soverlgnty over us; When our crops aro «mitton with mildew wo submit because lt is inevitable. Why not submit to Ht« commands wbilo it Is a matter of choleo f If wo: ignoro tho -, claim, we add tho basane»» of ingratitude to tho guilt of rebotlion. Thero aro checks and disasters, but tho general current in this land of gold ls prosperous. On tho ground of gratitude, wc aught to gtvo to God's causo in tho world generous contributions ns a tostimony of gratltudo. Ho rominded thom of th« groat and prooious gifts of God, and cal tod on each to ask-"How muoh owest thou unto thy Lord ?" He-had boon thinking that tboy had boen guilty of a littlo overwoanlng oonflduuoo la the systom ot Methodism, to the neglect of trust in Cod. What they most noodod, what thoy must plead for this night WOB a baptism of tho Spirit of (Jod. ! Hothodism cannot flourish by pura doctrino and wiso I economy alono. Thero must bo tho Qrojiol borne homo to the hearts of sinners, by tho power of tbo Holy Ghost. It was well said " Mothodlem roars no monu- ments, wbero sha eavot no eouls." If over thoy wera found glorying in ornamental edifices, intellectual soquiromeuts nnd wealth apart from tho Spirit of God, then ho hopod that Methodism would bc swept from I tho land, to moko way for n church that wou'd do tho work of God moro faithfully. (Ghoors.) Tho resolution waa curri od unanimously. Hov. W. CUBNUW moved tho third resolution of thanks to tho oxooutive commit too, of tho collector« and other agents and friends of tho sooioty. Ho said a largo portion of tho Incomo of the soolotr waa collected by the collectors. The woikof tho commlttco wos very laboilous. They had a juvenile, missionary society In thia clrouit a'sov Ho commended tho speech of Mr. Reeve to their attention. Let thom scaroh tho Scriptures, and see if Mr. Boovo's remarks were not true. Rsv. S. Riñon» seconded the resolution. One of the old prophet« »poko of children ruling over ui. He (Ur. Raben«) bcllevod In children, aa children ; but no further, ll« did sot boiler« tho day ifould oom», whin lliot would lio al>!o to «lo aw»j willi their linly col o irs and gentlemen collectors. The roch ty had a noble end in view, the promotion of the Divino glory and tho good of tho human race,. The resolution was carried unanimously. \- A collection woe then made for tho roctety. A voto of thank* was passed to tho Chairman. ' Tho doxology was then eung, and the benediction pronounced. ' ? ' ' _ 