TALK ON THE FLAGS. By an Idler. The talk is that Mr. Percy Wells's notions on a special providence put before the Northern Runs Commission have created no end of fun; that to say the drought was the consequence of Goyder's valuations, and therefore a judgment on the colony for oppressing the ' poor squatters, ' is an extraor dinary assertion even in this age of wonderful tbeological developments; that the defect in the assertion appears to be that the Judgment fell principally upon the iujured; that to have made the thing square the drought should hare fallen upon Mr. Goyder's garden and the flocks and lands of anti-squatters ; that this would have been poetic justice; that instead of this the judgment puuished primarily those who were oppressed by the valuations. The talk ia that the charges laid by Mr. Boucaut against Judge Boothby are of a very serious nature ; that it is presumed these charges will have to be proved by evidence before the Executive Council; that His Honor will simply put in appearance, pro text against the jurisdiction of the Court, and then retire; that in the event of his doing so the consi deration of the charges will be proceeded with in his absence; that the Governor du.st neither sus pend uurdismia' tne Judge; that this is all non sense, as 11 in Eictllemy *ill accept any responsi bility which his position as lieud of the Executive iii voh es ; that if t he Court were to be au open one which it will not be) it would be crowded with spectators. The Ulk is tlat the Torrens Dam has been rather severely tried by the heavy rains; that the bedding vf coucreto on which the overflow of water falls lias given way, without any serious damage being done; that some apprehension was felt ai to the Dam standing the force of the water; that those who ouqht to know say there is no danger; that it would be a sad affair if after nil that has been done bo successfully to form a fine sheet of water the thing were to give way. The talk is that the Education Board havo rather a tough subject before them; thm Mr, Hardy's resolution deals with a knotty and vexed nue-iion; that the time seems U- hive arrived when the question of the Bible iu schools will havo to lie disciifseii and fettled; that the matter should be calmly discussed, without introducing the wit urn Iwtogiciim; that it is dilikult to reconcile tbe I'ibi-rtpancies in the bUtemenU of the Secretary and of the Uev. J. K. T. Woods; that there must be a mistake suinewlare. lhe Ulk is that liatelielder's Diorama of the American War is a very superior tiling of its kind; that taking it altogether nulliing equal to it has l-een shown in Adduiile; that the moving cxhlbi tion of the fum-rui of .President Lincoln ia a 1 wonderful triumph uf mechanical art aud pictorial skill; that this is iviuih all the money charged for admission. The talk i* that the Government have kept their promise- to cuil the 1'arlia'uent together on July 6: that lits Excellency lias given the usual iiote of warning iu U\c'tia:etk; thaUhe Ministry have not a bod of rojus iu project: that they have some knotty points to deal with, which will require pru dent management on their part ; that they have shown courage in resolving to deal with tho Boothhy difficulty l-efore the meeting of Parlia ment; that this ought to be regarded as a point in their favour; that tbe TieiiBurer will be able to lay the Estimates on tho table immediately on the Hmse assembling, and will make bis statement within a week; that this shows a praife worthy anxiety to get in wi:h the work without delaj ; that the sooner the Legislature grapple with tho real business of the session, the better it will be in tho present state of the colony. The talk is Ihat the holiday commemorating the Quveu's nucesMon was rather a qu.'et one ; that the Totrens was one of the principal sources o! attraction dm ing the day; that many persons aro taking kindly to boating on the fine sheet of water; that on Thursday the demand for boats for ex ceeded the supply ; that some discretion should be exercised in letting boats to small boys who do not knuw how to manage them ; that the four lads who, boat and all, went over the dam with a run had a narrow escape; that this t-huuld act aba caution to o;hers. The talk is that the upward tendency of tho wlieat market ia rejoicing the hearts of the farmers ; ihat the news of the good price which our cargoes have sold for in England before their arrival shews that the attempt to ship wheat there, even when prices are tnuch lower, k not so Utopian as it has i»eun thought to be; that one rcsu t of the upward tendency of tho market is an enlarged area of land being sown ; that the weather has been favourable so far; that the rains in the North have been heavy, and have done a large amount of good. The talk is that Adelaide has been favoured uiih the presence of a ghost, genuine or spurious ; tiiat he, she, or it evidently belongs to lhe mis chievous order of sprites, who find fun in prac tiYuig silly larkri; that there teems to be but little fun in rapping at people's doors in the middle of die night, and waking them out of a good sleep; that it is more than a joke to stand shivering in the doorway, Bomewhat lightly attired, and peering into the daikncs* after that which is invisible; tiiat it is strongly suspected t-omc persons are creating this distuibmce to nerve a purpose of their own, which bo far it-mains hidden. The talk is that deputations to His Excellency are becoming a new and popular feature in our -, political institutions ; that the frequency wl h w ikh they are repeated will lessen the weight and im lortance which they ought to cury with them; tha: a personal appc.il to the Governor should be reserved only for cases of extreme gravity and moment; that however pleasant it may be to wait on fir Dominick, and to be received with that courtesy which he shows to i.ll who have business with him, he ought not to be bothered with matters wlii h more properly belong to the heads of the various depaitincuts. The talk is thU no small (surprise was occasioned on |.Suturo-.v by the placards calling for tenders for (he conveyance of goods to aud from the various railway statious ; that it was at once surmised that AhCulloch k Co., or Patterson &'Co., had thrown up their tender, and that Hill tc Co. would now be . without a competitor. The further talk is that the Government rofuscd to recognise the transfer of interest made by Putlcrtoti & Co., and are dis stuiBfkd with the small prospect of having the work performed satisfactorily; that they have marie several important alterations in the terms of the contract and in the management of the goods department generally. The talk is that the proved discontinuance of landing the English mails at Glenelg is too absurd to be seriously entertained; that the mercantile community are nut likely tamely to submit to the alteration of -t plan that has worked so advan tageously in the past; that the matter is ene which neither the Chamber of Commerce, the interebt it specially represents, nor the public at large, will be s.lent upon; that tbe colony pays too dca,r]y for early intelligence by way of £ing George's Bound bu iufc#u nuj ui biiu uuvuuwtfca lb IB HU1U to secure by that service; that it is not the fault of Glenelg that a better llpht to guide tlie mail steamers is not provided; that it would be far more reasonable to add a few feet to the height of the tower at the end of the jetty, and to oupply fights that will lie of some use, than to ' make tbe whole colony submit to two or three hours' needless delay in the receipt of home news. The further Ulk is that the present Treasurer, so felicitously termed the Lord Uigh Admiral of the piovince, will not consent to a change so adverse to the course he lias pursued iu the past. The Baijj in wps Fah No8in.-The following' are extracts from a letter dated 'Mud Hut, Wil- i loclira, Wednesday, June IS:-' We arrived bee-/ at 3 o'clock tbis afternoon, after a horrible journey ' from Saltia. After sending you my telegram yes terday we started from Port Augusta, and got nearly bogged several times before reaching Saltia at sundown. You can have no idea of the state of the country since the late rains. On reaching the Willochra with our jaded horses we found a roaring torrent facing us, and Kagless's Hud Hut Hotel on the other side. Drove down to the '.eater's edge, . and the next second would have frmnd us in tba stream, when the mail-diiver shouted to us f rota the other side that we would be drowned If we attempted t j cross; and so we would to a certainty, for the water was fn m eight to tea feet deep, and rushing like a mighty torrent. We lost no time in retracing our steps to the ^e§srs. iiffclesils sn'eep' Aitldn,' wh'ire We put' up for the night, and are b;,ngho;pitaolyenteitaiiied. I do not know when we can get a« ay from this. Everything depends upon the creek fillin ,of which there is no pros pect just now The trail from the North is de tained at the public-house, and they talk of making a raf i to-morrow to feiry it across. .... The f aole c puntry s un(!er water. I never saw the like of it, and I fear a. jooil many sheep have been drowned.'1 Subjoined is the mail-guard'a report upon the way- bill, kindly placed at our disposal by the Postmaster-General :— ' Stayed at Kanyaka 24 hour* ; creek flooded. Had to stay at Willochra 24 houts; creek 30 feet deep. At Piehlrichie Creek got into quicksands; lost the coach; had to cut horses away, and let them get out the best way they could. Walked on to Mount Browne ; carried the mails. Got a spring-cart, and arrived at Mel rose at half -past 11 p.m. Fed hsrses, and started again at half-past 2 a.m. touched Kooringa a( 4, p.m., anj| left at § o'clock, arriving 'at Kapjfeda ai 6a.m.' Aboriginal Ladies.— By the Charles Edward to-day five 'aboriginal ladies' letura to the mission station at Lake Wellington, Gipps Land, after completing their educa ion in the metropolis. They are very prepossessing, lady-like persons, and Beem qualified to do much good among their lew educated friends assembled at that station, :under the indefatigable care of the gcr, Mr, Hagftnapr, T^ir-auAJuneia. ' ? We hay* Ho- BACOSl-Whon tho erudite and eloquent Professor Masson, successor to the cele brated Ay toun, was lately criticising a lcog text from the works of Pinkerton, he was rising in a sublime climax 01 comparison between tha learned men of Scottish birth and education and a similar progeny in other countries. Several of his sentences com* menced with 'We have no — .' But when ha came to pronounce, with increasJng'PanntU,'**^ have no Bacon j'/ (he wbole'asf emblagc fell into an outburst of laughter, which completely drowned the remainder of the period, and broke the ?pell which had up to that moment been rivettingthtm in solemn thought. 