TEMPERANCE, Demon Dbvkxennesb. — Like the spear some ten or twelve fathoms long with which the Vancouver Indian ploughs the river-bed, and the barbed point comes off in the first great sturgeon which it pierces, the tenacious fibre uncoiling as he flies : so, paddling over the surface of society, it is with a long shaft that die demon of Drunkenness explores for his victims ; but when one of his barbs gets fairly through the mail it usually fixes and is fast. The line is a long one, and will hold for years. It marks the victim ; and the ? first tune he rises another dart strikes through bis liver, and then another, and at last a great many : — the social glass leading on to : the glass suggestive or the glass inspiring, and the glass restorative leading on to the glass strength giving, and that again to glasses fast and frequent,— glasses care-drowning, conscience-coaxing, grief dispelling, — till, gasping and dying, the hulk is towed ashore, and pierced through with many sins, weak, wasted, worthless, the victim giveB up the ghost, leaving in the tainted air a disastrous memory. — Dr. Hamilton. Shouting foe all Hands. — The man who puts an enemy into hiB mouth to steal away his brains becomes not only a victim to temptation hims-lf but an unwttiing tempter to others. We allude to the absurd and ruinous practice known as ' shouting for all hands,' and the opportunity which the victim'-s defenceless state sffordB to those who are ordinarily honest from caution rather than from moral principle. He shews, carelessly or ostentatiously, the well-filled purse which he is hastening to empty. A few hourB after, he is lying dead asleep by the road-side, or snoring off his debauch under the verandah of a pot house. No marvel if some ragged tramp or un scrupulous bottle- companion eases him of his cash, and is prosecuted, perhaps, at the next Quarter Ses sions at an expense of some hundreds to the colony. Sometimes the victim falls into female hands, while yet able to welk, and is effectually shorn by Delilah, though not of his hair. These are the cases which are the constant opprobrium of the Police Courts ? 'Critic,' on Crime and its Sources. The Serpent in the Drcnk aiid's Cup. — A heathen geniue caused the model of a serpent to be made, and fixed in the bottom of a wine cup. Coiled for the spring, a pair of gleaming eyes in its head,' and its open-mouth fangs raised to strike, it lay beneath the ruby wine. Nor did he who raised the golden cup to quench his thirst and quaff the delicious draught, suspect what lay below, till, as he reached the dregs, that dreadful head rose up and glistened . before his eyes. So, when life's cup is nearly emptied, and sin's last pleasure quaffed, and, .un willing lips are draining the bitter dregs, shall ^ise the ghostly terrors of remorse, and death, aud judg ment, upon thedespairingsoul. Be assured, a serpent lurks at the bottom of sin's Bweetest pleasures. Tbe Rev. Willi ah AsTJirB, M.A. — The Christian Times of last week gave a portrait and sketch ofthe President of the Wesleyan Conference. The writer of the sketch says : — ' Sir. Arthur has rendered good service to the cause of temperance by taking a stand againBt the custom — too common, alas! even among professing Christians — the drinking of toasts at public - dinners. At the various festive gatherings where Mr. Arthur has presided during his term of office, he has, we believe, invariably succeeded in banishing the practice of toasting. On a recent occasion he said, ; 'Whatever can be secured by toasts, can b e titter' secured uithoul them.' We hope that Mr. Arthur's successors will follow his good example in t.hi« re spect.' Beeb Advltekations. — Among substances which' are' used to adulterate beer are camomile and chesitta root, tp impart bitterness ; grains of paradiBe, to give* pungency j iand sweet-flag root, to impart a peculiar flavour.' ' ? 1 The SAiyRDjiT Night, Beeb.— In the siibprbsof London it jis a common practice, with the publicans to :adt^terate. beer oh Saturday nights much more than on other night's, and with very deletenousjingredients. The cases of drunkenness which occur j-n Monday ? have been very much the effect of those noxious -and stupefying products,- which are added more oh'Satur ' day snd Sunday thsin on any other day . V'TRTjpr ajsiTa TmTOiAiiEB?.'-£This iojpiciormed the subject of a lecture , dellyered at Leamington by the Rev. W. F. Callaway. Among other remarks, the rev. .gentleman esid, 'In the teetotal question be even ' then thought ie saw Something to battle against that f was substantial and real; there appeared to rite before bis eves, in connection with' it, a giant more terrible; and a dragon more fierce, than anything that had ever before lived on the earth; He ' saw a vice in the shape -Cf 'drink that went about, seeking whom it might devour and-.never lacking pr$£, and he thought he saw 'a way sn which he, a lad, might. bear a hand, although a feeble :me, against a sin that slays ttofistmds and: reduces ?'tens -of. thousands tb misery. Another' reasofi tbft inflfleeeed him waa the fear that-' he himself might become a drunkwd.' No HAxf MEAStmiEs,— Those who ite not altogether, abstainer's do lose the power which they might have of checking the frightful habits of drinking .-tbat are increasing around us.. : In vUw then of the weak, iu' view of the timid, in vieto;of -the young, I think that every man who has health and strength, rfbrChrisfE sake, who desires net only 'that he 'should love 'his neighbour aB himBelf, but; thftt hfe shBuld love his 'neighbour better than himself, oUght not only to ab* . stain in his -own persen, hut also Ought, with regard' to all temperance 1 organisations— to sav, ' For myt brethren . and companions' . sake I vnll widi thee pros- d perity.'-— ./fee. J. E. Clarke. Work in Eaknest. — Now, if I had my own way, I would bring teetotallers -a Uttle .closer together; I would lead them into a -position such as should pre sent an ^n vulnerable front; I would -give every abEtainer a Salutary life -of downright hwfd work;.! wouia inrowcverDogra au tne drones, ana would say, 'Please d6n'j, Jtunder us, here we are engaged in a' great ebhteBt.' I would iell that the still water. Et9gnates, that the unused Instrument rusts ; I would tell them, on the. authority of 'Jesus Christ, -that we never do fail when we speak the. right word and do i the right deed. I have: learned that if I speak the noble word and do the' the noble deed leball be sure i 'to succeed in one of the twoyaye,'or in both ways. Say, peace he unto you,ijhow p kindlv deportment to ; all.— Rei.'J.'Giittridgk. ( ' ' ' 1 ' . TmTF,HANtb Sebm^K 'fa WEtyniSJBTEB AbbeV.— ; The^special services in Westminster , Abbey yere Very largely attended on; . Sunday 'evening, it having' b^come.knoim fhat^ia ; compliance] with the dfesire --f the.ypy.Reverend^Dean' Stpnley^ tUe .Rev. Robert; Maguire, j5.A.);fnicjiiiibent of Cleikeawell, .was .to dehyer a special sermon on tbe temperance question #s-a testimony: against (the tleep and : terrible reproach which haB fallen on the otherwise fair escutcheon of England's .gieatheBB:, A conslderable number of die-, unguiihed tndividuals were present; The preacher tbok for hi* text the fifth chapter of Joshua, nmtb ▼erse.''- ? ? ' ' : . ?? ?? ' - 1 .' Bbeb Dbinkino jmd ' Gout. — Dr; ' Greenhow,i Assistant Physician to'Middlesex Hospital, has pub lished in the Lancet a clinical - lecture on Gouty Bronchitis, in which he alludes to temperate habita aa, ? imm» of preventing the deyelopmeot of that -disease in persone who bave-inherited a tendency to-it : from theii1 parents. ^ 1 He also trfakes refetenoe5 to_t»?er-! drinRingi as , a- ^usei-of the disfease. I»! reference Cto' «ne 'case described '&6 '»ayfl Atlowed ?' that he' waB' a-' beer-flrinktr, though, he said, only in moderation ; but many years' observa- | tion hag led me to' the'conclusioni in common' with I ' the late ' Dr. 1 Todd, that te no circumstance iB the ' prevalence of gout ' among our London artisans more I attiib^itahle than to the luge habitual consumption ! of malt liquor by this class of persons.' The patient ' here' alluded to was several times under treatment at the hospital, and Dr. Greenhow is of opinion.that his recovery was retarded by the use of malt liquor. He says, 'It is peculiarly difficult to regulate the habits of - hospital out-patients, and I Btrongly incline to believe that this man, although he strictly _ followed the directions as to medicine, generally disregarded my ' injunctions as to- diet and abstinence from -malt liquor,'- It appears that Dr. Greenhow's rule in such coses iB to prescribe abstinence from intoxicating liquors. Experience has shown that, even without other remedies, tbe disuse of stimulants has effected 'remarkable cures in obstinate and long-continued cases of gout. Fbightfui Death ot a Licenbep Victualler.- — Lately, Mr. William Payne, the City (London) Coro ner, held an inquiry at the John-o' -Groat Tavern, Gray-street, Blackfriars-ropd, touching the suicide of Mr. William Martin Kimber, aged forty-one years. George Bowring said. that he was potman at the 11 John-o'-Great,' and ibat the deceased was landlord of that house. For some time past deceased had been suffering from delirium tremens. He had been a very free drinker, and the doctors had cautioned him as to the results cf his habits. On last Saturday night he was in a very excited state, and he was persuaded to go to bed at 1 o'clock in the morning. About 3 o'clock on Sunday morn ing witness heard Mrs. lumber give a scream, when he got out of bed, and he then saw the deceased rush up the stairs and force open tbe trap-door that led on to the roof of the house. Witness ran after him and missed him on the roof in the dark, and he then heard a loud crash. The deceased had leaped off the roof into the street, and before he reached the ground his body was dashed against a lamp, and the lamp waB knocked down, and the deceased fell dead on the pavement. The deceased was in the habit of having delusions that thieves were in the houBe, and witness believed that he thought that he was chasing robbers when he leaped off the roof. The jury returned a verdict of ' Accidental death by falling from a house top while searching, in a state of delusion, for thieves.' ) 'Pas6 The Decanteb!' — The power or silent example at the dinner-table has often a remarkable effect. When an abstainer passes the decanter with ' the simple declaration that be never takes intoxicating ? liquors, there are remarks made by those who do, to this effect,'! take the least possible' — 'A very little, only what I think does me good ; ' — that un known quantity that can never be analysed or reduced to a specific size. Even this is a sign of encourage ment to us. It puts drinkers to shame, for they feel : ashamed to drink that from which you abstain. — Dean of Carlisle. Alcohol a Cubse. — It is fully proved, beyond all controversy, that alcohol in every form is neither food nor medicine ; and that banishing it altogether would be like removing a second curse from the world — but . one which man has brought upan himself. Why is not this dangerous agent removed, and health, happi- '' ness, and comfort allowed to take its place, and be the 1 beginning of a new and happy life to thoasands ? I would aEk ' the reason why. ' — Dr. Migginbottom. 