GAWLER, December 26. The Christmas- examination of the St. George's Schools took place on Tuesday, 17th instant. The examiners were the Eev. J. Gordon, Rev^ 0. J. Evans, Messrs. Burkit, T. O. J ones, Wright, &c.; The hoys showed a steady advancement under Mr. Burton, who has so long maintained the charaoter of his school. Their answers in the various branches were very satisfactory. The girls also, under the. tuition of Miss Philipson, showed some good work in sewing and other branches to the satisfaction of the lady examiners. After the examination several of the parents of the scholars, and gentlemen of the town, met at Mr. Burton's residence, and partook of an excellent spread, and afterwards drank to the health of Mr. Burton, the master of St. George's School. Expressions of satisfaction with Mr. Burton's teaching were given by many present. Other toasts were given and responded to, and after, an hour or two's enjoyment the party broke up. OnSunday, December22, services were held in ?n St. George's Church on behalf of the Sunday school, in connection therewith. -he Rev. .Canon Farr, of St. Peter's, preached an ex cellent sermon in the morning, and the Rev. J. J. Smyth, of Kapunda, in the evening. The congregations were very good, and collections also. On Monday a public tea meeting was held in St. George's School-room, and a great deal of most excellent provisions was provided by the ladies of the congregation. Considering the busy: time of the yeai a goodly number were present, and thoroughly enjoyed themselves. In the evening a lecture and en tertainment was given in St. George's School room, the Rev. Canon Coombs in the chair. The Rev. Canon Russell gave his lecture on "Ghosts." The Secretary, Mr. "Win. Manson, gayfec a short report, of the school, from which we gather there are 224 children on the books, and 22 teachers, whose attendance is generally pretty regular. There is a library of over 600 volumes.'! The behaviour of the children is good. Addresses were given by Mr. T. O. Jones, Superintendent, and Mr. E. Dixon. Mr. Rus sell's lecture was listened to with great atten tion, and the lecturer was accorded a vote of thanks. The choir sang some of the nicest music we have heard in G}a«vier,' and really there are some very fine voices among them. Votes of thanks to the ladies, choir, and chair man closed the meeting. There was a large number present, the proceeds amounting to about £25. Christmas Day had the advantage this year of very fine weather, and a great number of people took advantage of it, and went excursioning. Others went to various places of worship. The day was entirely set apart from labor, and; but for the depression existing at present, the enjoymentwould have been greater. -' ' . " 1 