THEATRICAL Tho Metropolitan Stage. ? DE-Ui Belt.,; — ' King Jphii' is ' ono of those tragedies which, 'althongh. possessing inherent merits of tho Jiictyoat order, is but Boldom' performed, and' for various reasons; Nbt;'thq .loast of theso'is.tho fact' of ther? b'oln'g'no part in it 'which would '.givo a _t- star- -tho opportunity of- outshining' the lessor satellites with' whom ho is associatodi juiubuur ruauuu itj nuac tuero aro . so. man characters whioh require raoro.than ordinary talont to pourtray tlioin creditably, tlmt, a very strong company is ' hbcessaty to eiisim even a tolerably good representation'; of, tho tragedy; there is tt'cbarsenossj about tub first act whioh -might ad VAiitagcouslylbo modified and lastly, tho expense of '^dressiiig and mounting,1 if cairied' out with 'rogard' tojthd requirements and proprieties' ofTtho feudal times .din-ing which tho action takijs'. place, ? would be so. croat as' hlinost i to frighten i a mariB'e'r' from undertaking ^uch a risk,1 es pecially in a placo like Melbourne/ ;\vherb not moro than a week's' riin'oould bo do ponded on.: 'Taking these- drawbacks into coasidoratiorij thoiiresont productiou at' tho Royal is entitled to' considerable pmis'p/ for with but few; exceptions, tho numerous cha racters wcro sustained throughout withJah ability it has not often been my lot to soo.on tjiia sidb of tho.Paoiflo. Tocomm'oneo with Mr. Montgomery's King John, although it is not .the bcBt I have Been,' it! is ono of tho best, ' and improved as it progroased,' Tho charao-' tor of the king is so contemptiblo iu-its du-i plicity and treachery that no actor could: loud to it an interest whioh would Touson sympathotio feoling in tlio nudienco, except, indood,: whero Johii repudiates the right of the l'opo to oxcrciso any', inlluouco over Eng land's policy. . Mr. Montgomery: had ' tho good sense- not to' endeavour to dwarf 'tho other actors by giving his own part an uuduo promincuoe, ? It was an artistic perfofmanco throughout, and in many of tho scenes tho factor ro3o to /greatnesa;. That! in ,which ho! supRcsts tho nnirdcr of Arthur to Hubert, and subsequently when tho latter undecoives !bira;'respecting thb'Princo's death,; oou .-.?.:.r.-iv'i.-rrii}?.r ?.:?:;:??- ''.'' ' ''mi\ ecacculy be surpassed, and demonstrates most clearly tho surpassing excellence of Mr. Montgomery in thoao parts whero intellect and not physical, power is ; requisite. Tho death scene \^ad painfully /natural, and equal t\any othor\portioii o£ tho-' per- formauie. ? The Faulcoubridgo -of Mr.' Vin cent is a,very spirited and crcditablo- impel sonation, 'anil: Mr.-' Jlarwoodv makba ..'&? most effective Hubert. His make-up ib a perfect study, and must havo beon taken from ono of tho many pictures of 'King; Jphu- signing Magna Charta,' so suggestive is it of the tmbulont times of Mcdimval his tory. -Tlip scene with Princo Arthur was «!! wroiiohtup, butlittlo Mis3 Brandon is a.triflo,tob'yoiii)C ami inC.Tpfii''oeil togivb proper offect to tiiat'oharming andiugenuous 'character, which' requiresfa greater amount of fooling than'sho is/at present, susoepUblbv of. Mr. C. 'Hall/ Mr/ Bennett, 'aiid Mr. Bollair wero qobd as King Phillip, _Tho 'Dauphin; and Salisbury, and Mr.'; 'ATurirb ..especially so^ as ,. Chatillon, ,. tlio ^French Horald, delivering his ispe'eohcs'itiia -clear resonant voice suited to the occasion. Mr. .Gladstone, as tho Duko. of Austria, wnij-liko: a 'dead head'-. at. a : masquerade, and Mrj C. Wardo resembled, a rowdy Fenian leader far moro than a stately Cardinal. Miss Cleveland's Constance -is recognised as one of her most successful' performances, but I thought shbv wis not' so happy . in ner dohnoation on tiiis occasion as I have seen her. She appeared to puton rather too much :steam.! Tho other parts '? were ? ^bus- taiiicd wjth avorago ability, but tho 'arniy' would havo been worthy jTalstaff for a cap tain, Biich a, soarecrq w appearance they pro souted. : I havo moro than onco wondered why, if Mr. Lystur1 can get tho .band of the 14th, other managers cannot got a few. of tlio ra'nk and' fUo. to add to tlio effect of thoso plays wherein a well- drilled body of troops is necessary, and provido them . .with ^uniform dresses,' instead of .having, somo supers with russet boots, somd.i withjf the ordinary high lows, and some with ' greaves of brass,' all belonging to the Bamc company. At the H»ymarket'they;havo certainly got an unifonn for the troops, butonly,qno,;'und that ono is broucht into requisition -on all occasions] whethor iu,,'Kmg;Ilichard ^.tho Third,'! ,' King- Loar,' 'Macbeth,' or- what-not. ; : 1 ' Hamlet 'has been twicb ropeat'e'd at tlio Royal during ' the ? wook, and thronged (judienocs uiiito , in saying repelalurjiauslus, ' so great is tho impression created'1 by Mr. Montgomory in this ' tragedy. It is'oap'of thpso abnbst perfect performances '?'.' whioh ovcrcomo, US: liko a summer, cloud,' and tho repetition of it increases, instoad of satiates, the appotitov '.The best proof of its thorough bxccllenco is displayed by its attraction for all classes, from tlio sixpenny gallery to the patripian dress- circle. '.|'i1hat-' ono toucli,-of nature makes tho wholp world kin' is'plainly demonstrated by tho universally- favourablo judgment, of. 'all sorts . and . conditions of men.' Tho firm hold , which Mr. Montgomery appears to havo aqquiredjon popular favour induces in'o'to bbpb that tho mnnngomont will fool justified 'in- specially reviving, with due regard to sconory and appointments,' some of Shakspore's' plays which aro comparatively unknown to Australian audiences, amongst which I may mention 'Henry tho Fifth,') 'Timon of Athens,' ?' Anthony and Cleo patra,' and many others which mado Mr. .Phetys's -management, of Sadler's Wellsjsi 'memorable and so successful. 'King Lear' has been produced at the Haymarket, but in such a manner as to show forcibly tho fallacy of putting such tragedies on the stage without careful and studious preparation. On the first night of its per- ormanco many of the actors did not know their parts, and those who had mastered the words, delivered them in such a methodical unimprcssivo manner as to completely dis- guise the sublimity of the language and of the story, rendering criticism painful, and silence charitable. Mr. Anderson is too material, too substantial, to realise the cha- racter of the old and doting monarch, and I am of opinion that it is the least successful of any of the impersonations ho has yet favoured us with. I cannot reconcile the stalwart burly appearauce of Mr. Anderson with the decrepit and half childish Lear, and I think he was not well advised to undertake such a part, especially when the resources of the theatre are taken into con- sideration. There was every sign, of hasty, not to say slovenly, preparation, where care and completeness were essentially necessary. It may be urged that completeness ought not to be expected when a play is produced for only two or three nights, but I would answer that those which absolutely require all the elements of faithful representation; should not be placed on the boards unless the resources of the theatre admit of it. With the exception of Mrs Heir's Cordelia and Mr GiIl's Oswald, every member of the company seemed out of his element. Mr Heir fell short of what he can do and has done as Edgar, Mr. Appleton was quite un- suited to Edmund, and Kent, Albany, Cornwall, etc., showed how indispensible it is to acquire a thorough knowledge of a part before attempting it in public. Now, in 'Hamlet' a great improvement has been made upon the original cast by fitting the characters to the company. Mr. Hoskins is a better Ghost, Mr. Heir a better Laertes, and Mr. 'Appleton a better Horatio than either of their predecessors, and the tragedy is now seen to greater advantage than on its first production. I have not had an opportunity of seeing either of the Shylocks nor Mr. Anderson's Benedick, so t must reserve my opinion for the present. I notice with pleasure that the play of "Ingomar' is in preparation.' 'Ij was in tho 'character of tho barbarian that Mr. Anderson achioved ono of his most legi timato successes in Lpnddn, it1 being peculiarly'suited to the .rough, forcible style of, acting whioh; ho adopts, and, moreover,, hot affording opjiortunity- for comparison. It, is tolerably evident ',by 'this timo ' ' 'Tiro stirs keep not their inollon I'd bnoBplicro,'1 and .when' thorb- is -such another sphera as oyanoy avauauiq ior ono oi mo ?? scars, _.ii seems strango. that tlio pa(ironago~of. Mclr ,bburho should bo divided, whilst^ ow South Wales may bo panting to' seo' ono of- them! As far ns.tho publio aro concerned, tjipy.inay cot tho be'riofit of tho throat-cutting policy j but I think that ? a - diffcrbrit olass '-of cntpr tainmont at ,oi\ch, thcatro :^vbuld: ensure re nionerativo support to botlu -Mr, Anderson was to play Coriolanus . for: his-'-bonefit lust night, and tho (\\])j)foaehing clo3o of liis pre sent engagement is nnnounccd, nf tei-'\vliiob,'I E resume; , wo shall be visited: byvMiss' Katb lenin and Madame Coleste. , . ,'? ? '.' ' Mcssra.iHarvoy' and'Co.;1aro 'catbriug for the non'-Shakspcriau - pubUo; in.'n.mosb sniritcd;inanuor,' aud tlmir entertiiin'meat is as varied .'as, it is/'excbUenti ;With t\Vb suoli tenors . as Braliam and Abeoco, combined with tbo' . whimsicalities ':'of-''Oowan -and Har vby, and : tho general inusical prbficibncyl of tho other mewbara of tho company;' it would i bastrango indeed .:ifi tho publio did not; accord ' tho BUpport' to- j which' this; 'agrcchblb cntcrtaimnont liils sq'just a . olnim,1 ,, ::.:?::. :, ,' ; ? ;, ohajles, surface, :. 