TELEGRAPHIC. (FROM orra TELEGRAPHIC CORRESPONDENTS.) ROCKHAMPTON. January 28. THERE was a better yield of gold last week from the Crocodile diggings. Among the gold purchased by the Bank of New South Wales on Saturday was an eleven ounce quartz nugget, containing 73 ounces of gold. A heavy storm of rain at Clermont, on Monday, flooded the town. The Chinese are arriving at Clermont in large numbers. 1 SYDNEY. January 28. Eastwood, a pay clerk in the Railway Department, has absconded. His accounts show a deficit of about £10,000, extending over a period commencing in the middle of 186d up to the present time. Clarke's gang of bushrangers have robbed Myers' store at Jembaicumbene. They took a large amount of cash away with them. The Bushranging Repression Commission is sitting. MELBOURNE. January 23. The Postal Conference is fixed for the 4th March. The Border Duties Arrangement Debate in the Assembly will be resumed to-morrow. A close division is expected. A MEETING of the Queensland Philosophical Society was held last evening at the Commercial Room, Town Hall. The President, Chief Justice Cockle, in the chair. After the transac- tion of some routine business, Mr. Townson proposed, and Mr, Coxen seconded, the election of Mr. Henry Scott at the next meeting. The Secretary laid on the table a summary of the meteorological observations taken at Brisbane during the month of December. The unavoidable absence of Dr. O'Doherty prevented the reading of the paper promised by that gentleman ; but a short paper. was read by the President, having reference to a passage in the Book of Genesis, respecting which much contention has arisen amongst theological critics. A resolution was moved by Mr. Pettigrew, and adopted, that the monthly meetings of the society should for the future be held on the Friday nearest the time of full moon. SOME very handsome prizes were distributed last night at the entertainment of the Glass Blowers. The principal one was a pair of birds of paradise, with plumes of fine Spun glass, said to be worth £5. The others consisted of smoking pipes, decanters, wine glasses, and floral decanters, ke. This evening's entertainment will be for the benefit of Mrs. Woodroffe, and several extra valuable prizes will be given away. "The first prize will consist of a photographic stand in a large glass shade. On friday evening a prize will be given to the author of the best original conundrum on " the glass steam engine," and there will probably be many competitors for the prize. LAST evening a promenade concert was given by Seal's Band, at the Victoria Theatre. It was fairly attended. The programme was well selected, and was carried through in capital style. The concert was followed by a quadrille party. This was not so successful, probably on account of its not being sufficiently known. A similar concert and quadrille party will be given on Thursday evening next. AT the Alexandra Theatre, last evening, the nautical drama of " Ben Bolt" was repeated with great success. As the sailor hero Hen Moll, Mr. Byers had ample scope for the display of the emotional characteristics of the part, and he succeeded admirably. He was ably supported by Miss Hudson, as Alice and that lady threw a degree of feeling into the character which carried her audience with her. Miss Leurino, as Mary,' sang several songs very effectively j and as as a whole, "Ben Bolt" was better performed than any piece played during the season. After a concert, in which most of the; company took part, the entertainment, was concluded with the comedy of Deli- cate Ground." A MEETING" of the Brisbane Amateur Dramatic Club will be held on Wednesday evening, at the School of Arts, when the following selections will be recited :-" Lay of Virginia a" scene from " Venice Preserved ;" "Hamlet and the Ghost ;" scene from " The Honeymoon 2" "Clarence's Dream s" "Battle of Troy 6" "Pall and death of Wolsey ;" " Mark Anthony's dation ¡" " Horatio on the Bridge;" Misadventure at Margate;" "Tell to his native mountains;" "Waiting;" and."'^Brutus, and Cassius." Each member is at liberty to invite three of his friends to the entertainment ; but as the large hall of the School of Arts will be occupied, and accommodation in another part of the building will have to be provided, the number that can be accommodated will necessarily be limited. Judging from the success that attended the efforts of the Dramatic Club when they last appeared in public, there is little doubt but that those who attend will spend a very agreeable evening. A MEETING of the committee of the Legal Cricket Club was held last evening, at Lorne borg's Café, principally to make arrangements for the match to be played on Saturday next with the Victoria club. The following gentlemen were elected practice captains for the ensu- ing season Messrs. W. Ck Macnish, J. K. Ryder, and T. H. Smith. A sub-committee was appointed to select the team to play next Saturday, and to make other necessary arrangements. The team will consist of the following players Messrs. W. P. Barter, W. J. Macnish, E K. Macnish, J. Macnish, R. Lyons, W. J. Wilkie, J. A. Ryder, P. H. Smith, J. Lloyd, 3?. Bunton, W. Cothara, J. Fowles, J. Keane, and W. K. Wright. IT is a pity that the City Volunteer Fire Brigade does not muster so well at its drill meetings as it did last night to bear the annual report and financial statement read. It was satisfactory, however, to And so numerous an attendance even on that occasion as it showed that the members do take an interest in the success of the body to which they belong. The brigade seems to be at present in a good position financially and othewise, and a little more regularity of, attendance on the part of the members at its drill meetings is all that is required to ensure its BUCCOBS. There is no chance of our employ for the brigade if the members, one and all, will not work to attain that knowledge of their duties which frequents exercising only can give. Those who neglect drill, or fancy they don't require it, ought at least to remember the ill effects which their continued absence has upon those who desire to be attentive members of the brigade, and first-claSS firemen. i A QCABBEii took place, yesterday, between two aboriginal stockmen. Each of them was endeavoring to secure possession of a boat that was lying near the Bulimba ferry stops. One laid hold of the boat and tried to get in, while the officer, after struggling in vain to make him let go, seized his knife and stabbed him in the back, but could not, it would appear, have inflicted a very severe wound. As that failed to make him release his hold he stabbed him again in the log. This compelled the wounded blackfellow to retire from the contest, and the other, with a number of other blacks who had been looking on, got into the boat and pushed off. This so enraged the unsuccessful com- blatant that he hurled two weddings at the boat, which nearly hit the occupants of it. He then walked away into the bushes that line the bank of the river, and though he was bleeding profusely he did not appear very seriously hurt. ABOUT 7 o'clock last evening one of the horses standing at the cab stand in Queen-street was startled by the crack of a whip alongside, and rushed furiously off the stand, dragging with him a " Melbourne car to which he was attached. He ran at a furious pace in the direction of Albert street, narrowly escaping contact v the another cab that was coming up up the street. He was not, however, so lucky in avoiding other mishaps, as he struck the vcluolo with tremendous force against the gas lamp in front of Mr. Hockings' shop. The lamp pillar, which is of iron, was smashed to pieces, tile lamp, as a matter of course, sharing the same fate, and the car escaping no better, the body being torn completely away from the springs, and broken to pieces. The horse managed to disengage itself from the fragments, and ran down Albert-street at full speed. It then turned down Charlotte-street, and was caught, Without much difficulty, or doing any further mischief. The horse and vehicle belonged to a man named Hugh Corrigan, and were in charge of a man named Leo. We think that Inspector Watts will see the necessity of compelling cabmen to remain on their vehicles, or at their horses' heads, when on the stand. The practice with many of them now is to stand on the footpath whilst the horse and cab occupies the middle of the street. This ought not to be permitted, as one of those horses taking fright, and running through a crowded street, might have more serious results than those which occurred last evening. CROWN LAND SALE AT TOOWOOMBA. A sale of Crown lands, situate on the Gowrie road, adjoining the Drayton Agricultural Reserve, and about five miles from Toowoomba, was held on Thursday morning. There was a fair attendance, but only twenty-five lots were sold at auction. The sale realised" about £650, in addition to which over 200 acres were taken up yesterday by selection. E. D. Gazette, of Saturday last. 