VISIT OF THE CATHOLIC BISHOP OF ADELAIDE TO MOUNT GAMBIER. [Correspondent.] The Right Rev. Dr. Sheil having announced his intention of visiting Mount Gambler on Friday last, the 18th inst., a large concourse of the Catholic community were preparing to meet his Lordship and to give him a hearty welcome on this his first visit. But man pro poses and God disposes, for Dr. Sheil was taken suddenly ill and deemed it advisable to proceed to tbe Mount as soon as possible, thus rendering it impossible for a public demonstration. His Lordship, accompanied by his Secretary, the Eev. J. a t. Wood*, and the Bey. T. N. Hin terocker arrived at the Presbytery shortly before 7 p.m. on Thursday. ' On Saturday a deputation waited upon him, and the following address, which was printed upon white silt, and edged with fringe, was I presented to him :— "To the Eight ltev. the Lord Bishop of Adelaide. " We, the Catholics of Mount Gambier, take this our first opportunity to offer our heartfelt congratulations on your Lordship's recent elec tion to the See of Adelaide, and to testify the joy we experience at your arrival amongst us. Your well- known reputation as a zealous and devoted pastor, and especially your election by the Holy Ghost to rule tue Church of God as one of the successors of the AjMstles, inspires us with sentiments of confidence that the interests of our Holy Faith will flourish more and more in your paternal hands ; and in confirmation of this we have only to glanca at the many works in aid of religion inaugurated by your Lordship's zeal and charity. " Remotely situated as we are from the centre of the diocese, and notwithstanding so many years bave elapsed since we enjoyed the happiness of welcoming our Bishop, we sin cerely trust that the labors of our faithful clergy have not been without fruit, and we will also venture to add. that in attachment to the Holy See, and the respect and veneration that are due to the Episcopal character, we may not bear an unfavorable comparison with the Catholics of more highly favored districts. "Praying that God may long spare your Lordship to preside over us as a Father and Apostle, and promising on our part the most hearty co- operation and filial obedience, we once more bid you a hearty welcome, and beg your Lordship's Episcopal blessing. " Thomas H-.uun " Michael Byrne " Jas. Cullen " Philip ltvan " Thomas Bennett " Charle* Fox." His Lordship thanked the deputation for the address, and remarked that every part was prompted by a Catholic spirit. Since he had no personal claims upon them he accepted the compliment as paid to him in the capacity of Bishop. He was gratified at the allusion in it to the Pastor of the Mount Gambier Church, as he knew from personal observation that the compliment was well deserved, and also at the statement of their willinguess toco-operate with bun in any undertaking for the benefit of the Church. OrfSnnday morning the Bishop, assisted by the Very Bey. the Dean and the Rev. J. E. T. Woods celebrated mass, and administered holy com munion in presence of a large congregation. At 111 o'clock he administered the sacrament of confirmation. The Church was crowded to ex cess—people of all denominations being present to witness the ceremony. Eighty-three candi dates presented themselves for confirmation, the majority wearing long white veils, which,. in addition to the tasteful decorations of the Church, rendered the ceremony imposing. Over the altar was a scroll with the device " Welcome to our Bishop," worked in green leaves on a white ground. His Lordship was assisted by the Very Bey. the Dean, the Rw.J. E. T.Woods,the?ev. J. N. Hinterocker, and the Rev. C. van der Heyden. Prayers were read in the evening by the Rev. C. van der Heyden. After which the Bishop delivered a most edifying discourse, in which he alluded to the fact of onr Saviour being brought to the Temple by His parents, and reminded Christian parents of the solemn obligation they are under with regard to their children. The choir, con sisting of the school children, sang several hymns and the Litany. His Lordship expressed himself much pleased with the progress they had made, as they sang in a manner which reflected great credit on their teachers and on the Bey. C. van der Heyden, who bestow? much care upon them. On Monday evening, the Key. J. K. Hinterocker preached a sermon in German, to a large congregation, including several of the leading German Protestants, who expressed universal satisfaction at the rev. gentleman's eloquent and instructive discourse, in which he demonstrated the unity of the Church. On Monday morning Dr. Shell, accompanied by his Secretary and the Dean, started from Penola, from whence he will proceed to Hamilton. 