$aritiits. Epitaph on Dr. Fuller^— « Here lies Fuller's earth.' Wendell Phillips says he was wedded to truth and philanthrophy when a boy. The i Post thinks Wendell must have become a widower when quite young. Prentice, of the LmnsvUXe Journal, tenders ? this ad viae to the public: — 'Never buy goods of those who don't advertise. They sell so little they have to sell dear.' If you put two persons in the same bed room, one of whom has the toothache and the other in love, you will find the person who has the toothache will go to sleep first. A wounded Irishman wrote home from the hospital, and finished it up by saying — ' I'm for this country. I've bled for it, and FJl , ©oon be able to say I've died for it. j tn Irishman panaTig through a field of ; cattle the other day, said to a friend, 'When- eve* you see a herd of cows all lying down, j and one of them only standing up, that one is j sure to be a bull.' A gentleman, who was relating an accident he had met with at Cambridge from a foil, was asked by a surgeon if it was near the ver tebra that he had been hurt? 'No sir,' was the Teply, ' it was near the observatory.' The Reform Club hare found a motto for the Jamaica Committee. It is in these worls — They said among themselves. This is the heir (Eyre), come let us kill him.' A more genial wit has a bettor pun — 'IVee as Eyre' On the. last occasion Mr. Sean played ? TiPP'» XT. in Edinburgh, at the Theatre Royal, after the attendants had proclaimed 'The king is dead,' a devout irishman ex claimed, 'And may the lord have mercy on hia guilty sow! !' as for the moment he thought that the scene was reaL At a religious meeting among the blacks, a colored preacher requested that some brother should pray. Thereupon, half-witted Moses commenced a string of wcxds entirely withou4* , meaning. At this the pastor raised his head j and enquired, 'Who dat praying? Sat you, brudder Mose ? You let somebody pray dot's better acquainted with de Lord.' Epitaph. — A rebel soldier, after burying a Federal who had been killed during one of those sanguinary engagements which termi nated in the retreat of the Union array before Richmond, fixed a shingle over the grave, bearing this inscription : — 'The Yankee hosts, with bloodstained hands, Came southward to divide our lands. This narrow and contracted spot Ia all that this poor Yankee got?* Substance and Shadow. — A fellow went to the parish priest and told him, with a long face, that be had seen a ghost. 'When and where f' said the pastor, ' Last night,' re plied the man, ' I was passing by the church; and up against the wall of it did I behold the spec tie.' 'In what shape did it appear?' tusked the priest. 41 It appeared in the shape of a great ass.' ' Go home and hold your tongue about it, you are a very timid man, and have been frightened by year own shadow,' said the pastor. American Editors. — An editor, and a wes tern one-, expresses the hope that his sub scribers will excuse the scarcity of original matter in a certain number of his paper, for he has 'had the headache, the gout, a fit of , the ague and fever, and an increase of one to his family ; besides he hasn't been very well himself.' He of course, under eueh circum stances ought to be excused. But about the coolest thing on record is the adviee of the editor of the Modso* Courier, who in the absence of reading matter from his {taper re marked that if reading the news alone was the object of his subscribers. ' they will find enough that is new to them in the Bible, and it is good reading too.' ] Eccentric Divine. — The Rev. Zeb. Twitchel was the most noted Methodist preacher in Vermont for shrewd and laughable sayings. In the pulpit he maintained a suitable gravity of manner and expression, bat oat . of the pulpit he overflowed with fun- Occasionally he would, if emergency seemed to require, introduce something queer in a seiraou for the sake of arousing the flagging attention of his hearers. Seeing that his audience was getting sleepy, he paused in his discourse and dis coursed as follows a — ' Brethern, you haven't any idea of the sufferings of oar missionaries in the new settlements, on account of the mos quitoes in some of these regions being erar xnous. A great many ol them would weigh a pound, and they will get on logs and bark 1 when the missionaries are going.' By *l»i« i time all ears and eyes were open, and he pro ceeded to finish his discourse. The next day one of his hearexs called him to aeeoimt for idling lies ia the pulpit. 'There never was a Btcsquito that weighed a pound,' he said. « But I didn't say one of them would weigh a pound. I said a great many, and I think a million of them would.' ' But you say they harked atthe missionaries.*' ' No, no, brother; I gaid they would get on logs and bark;'* 