WEDNESDAY MORNING, JAN. 9, 1807. Our contemporary, the Age, in feeling accents," enquires how long is the Honor able Henry ilLLLr.il going to en dure the fatigues and retain the emoluments of office, seeing that no con suiuency seems disposed to elect the honourable . gentleman to represent them' in Parliament 1 Ergo—as it an understood thing in constitutional government .that every member of the Ministry should have a seat in either one House or the other, Mr Henry Miller should, for deceuey's sake, have resigned, the portfolio of the Hail way department., : But as yet the honourable ) and rafting gentleman shows no sign of relinquishing his blushing honours. One would thiuk from the vehemence of our contemporary's comments, aud the fears which ooze out. throughout its teuor, that our contemporary had got a ner vous fit, and was fast plunging into tractariariism and general absolution, but others perhaps will think that our con temporary is only exhibiting his re tract'arianisni, and is about to retract iu the lump, the extraordinary excuses and apologies it has hitherto put forth in extenuation of the fact, that those who had been placed on a par with " felons,'"' should be perfectly j ustified in taking to their bosom and their confi deuce him who had by his ratting proved that ho had'but wantonly spoken ill of them. We live in strange colonial days, and strange colonial times, what is good to-day is poison to-inorrow. What was perfectly justifiable conduct when Parlia ment was iu session, has now become conduct at which men, as we are now told by the Age, should point .the finger of scorn.> We are inclined to ihitik that the Hon. Henry Miller is receiv ing rather hard treatment from the hands of liis whilom admirers. The coalition vith a ratting member for convenience sake only, to serve the turn, is like the matrimonial condition of him who has unwaiily got linked with a shrew; Beshrm the case, there is no getting out of it until the' end of the chapter. Did not the M'Culloch Ministry unite, hot > certainly in the bonds or noiy wedlock, but did not they take unto them . body and soul in political union, the recal bitrant member who sees no fun in being ' turned'out of doors, because he is uo j longer required. Truly we are somewhat inclined to say "baud your grip" until' they " gie ' ye liquid pro quo, for getting ricl of ye. It is very true that the Western electors were advised to respect a rich man when his wealth was fairly acquired, and when ho knew lmw to adorn it, and afford, au example to liis fellow men in its distribution, but to despise it, when with Suylock greed, or buYiiOCK rapacity, its acquisition should be made to 'conflict with principle and public honor. It is also very true, that the electors accepted the advice, and rejected a candidate, then at that time the favored of the Ministry, of whom they could not approve. It is very true likewise, that the Honorable .Hknry Millur joined the M'Colloch Ministry heart and soul in the attack upon the Constitution when the legislative Council was ig nored, And the Qork.v and her Secre tary of dtate. for the colonics were told, " you had better let us alone or we shall cut the painter." Xow all this is very true indeed, as our contempprary tots it up in its leading article of Saturday, but what; then ? Is there not an old' pr:verb : about " honour among —,: pardon us, we were going to be guilty of uttering something very unparlia mentary, — but- ' is not honour to be kept in a political compact as well, seeing j tlut the Honorable gentleman " was' the only one hardy enough to undertake the task he was selected to peiform," so touchingly adverted to in the article of our contemporary referred to ? Js it not uucenerous now, after the honorable gentleman was made the Ministerial cat's paw, and oiliy OUrm Ilia uugcia "1" 'getting any lasting substantial benefit for bis efforts, to turn Lim off in bis hour of need, when tbey fancy they can do without his services ? It is really too' bad, what if a constituency cannot be found to have him, and 1)0 " is become a mere outsider," is it not dreadful that his late colleagues should desert him at the very time he most requires their support and countenance? We are sorry to hear that "the complication is "beconiihgserious"— one colleague pushing a-head unfairly in advance of his coadju tors ' on the land question, another flinging inn.iscriminate free trade to the moles and the" bats, and going in straight for, discriminate protection, and so the •complication 's weaving its difficulties so intricately that the Honorable IIbvky must be sent about his business as the sacrificial scape goat, to • bear the erring sins and short comings of all his colleagues. Let, however, theM'CoLLocii Ministry beware lest they make the honorable minister a marty r, and that in order to earn popular favor he" recants all his/tergiversation, goes dn straight for '/native industry" and home markets,- gets elected on the strength of it, and should re appear as the ghost ofhis former self in the,Upper House, on the opposite seats to those of the Treasury. Who shall say after what we have seen that this may not happen ? Is not a man to be open .to conviction ? And is it ever too late to mend 1 Sup pose the honorable the Minister for the Hailway department should dub-down a good round sum for the' additional Melbourne Hospital, and .should take " heart of grace" and commence the imitation of the munificence of Pea body, who would not forgive him' Aye, who would not ? Who would hear him ill-will, or comment harshly upon bygones 1 Have a care, we repeat, Messieurs the present holders of office, desperate men do desperate things, the schemes of mortal men as well as mice " go aft aglee," and when it is a question of deserting a comrade who has got into trouble, who can expect to suc ceed in^ such questionable proceedings ? ile.iliy tins" off h.iutl mode of dealing with a M inister who lias got out of good odour with his colleagues by the capital Cabinet organ, is somewhat startling, accompanied as it is - with the an nouncement that "it"involves serious complications. The difficulty is certainly'beyond* our powers of solution, it partakes somewhat of the dilemma of •King Solomon' between the two claimants for the. one . child; only in an opposite way, for the honorable gentleman is rejected by his colleagues, he is rejected by the Western electors, and he is re jectcd apparently by all other constitu encies, and what is be to do ? Which; ever way he turns he is met by the ex clamation, I we don't want you—you are not our child. To what course then is the honorable gentleman to commit him self? Wc confess ourselves quite unable to resolve the difficulty. 