THE ALBION HOTEL. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—As one of those who ha,ve taken gteat interest in the result of the memorials presented to the Bench of Magistrates against the granting of a publican's licence to the Albion Hotel. Morphett street, I crave a small portion of your space for the purpose of making a few remarks on the decision come to by the Bench. I would first draw your attention to the fact that the object of these memorials was not personal to the landlord oi the Albion Hotel, but was simply to jirevent if possible the licensing of such a class of house in what is now, and what is still more likely to become when the new bridge is erected, a principal thoroughfare of Adelaide. I take no high moral ground on this question. 1, in cunmoa with most of those, I believe, who signed these memorials referred to, adm t that a house of this class is unfortunately necessary for police purposes; but, on the other hand, I do assert that it is dis graceful that our Bench of Magistrates should allow such a house to exist in a thoroughfare of such importance as Morphett-street; that they should, in fact, give their authority to the daily and nightly scenes of indecency which are enacted in this neighbourhood. The Albion Hotel once shut up. the houses of ilhfame connected with it and immediately surrounding it would soon dis appear, and be compelled to hide their face in Bome more out-of-the-way portiou of the city. On reading over the report of the case as it appears in your columns, I am, in common with many others, utterly at a loss to understand on what founds the Bench granted the licence. 80 far as causae they simply come to this, that the house has been licensed for 23 years, ana therefore the licence should be continued; in other words, that as a nuisance had existed for 25 years it was right and just that it should be perpetuated. Detective Brennan's evidence was really dead against the house, for he states " that the customers consist of prostitutes of the lowest order, and that no respectable female was ever seen within its pre* cincts." His statement that the present landlord has kept the house in I otter order than his pre decessors amounts to nothing. Allowing that the present landlord iB the best possible man for his work—a compliment (!) paid him by the Bench— every one in the neighbourhood knows how utterly vile the house waa before, most people in the neighbourhood know that the house is utterly vile still, and that in fact in spite of every effort of the landlord it must keep up its existing character or give up the ghost. It is unfortunate that the counsel for the memo rialists should have depended so much upon their respectability, and have not considered it worth his while to call witnesses to the truth of the allegations contained in the memorials, as one or two gentlemen were waiting in Court for the pur pose of describing sundry scenes of which they themselves were witness, and which, I think; might have helped to show to the Bench the true character of the Albion Hotel. I do truBt, Sir, that you will give us the aid ot your powerful pea in accomplishing the work which we have set ourselves to do. via., the eradi cation of this nest of crime and vice, or at least the removal of it to the black slums of the town. 1 can assure you that the residents of West Adelaide are in earnest in this matter, and that although defeated yesterday, they are determined to leave no stone unturned until they have gained what they cannot but consider a riirhte/ms end I am, Sir, sc., WEST ADELAIDE. Adelaide, March 12,1867. 