JUBILEE 'OF-THBUEW tiOXJVB WALES >BIBÍ»BT j ii0 ? ÍIJ'.Í !Í..¡ SOCIETY»,,,| ir.-. ?,.<"-?!. n/Jt Î, ! Tho oomplotlón bf tho'ilrst'fifty years' ,o3tlslonoa of tho ;Now South, Wales'Blblo'Booloty was; colobrated yesterday By a series bf mooting", 1 1 . ? <'??-?; i ; \- r.i.<n:n MÍ XB» BBCAEIUI*. r, ': ;> .?.«....> .< .. At half-past 9'a.m about 800' friends of the sooioty sat down to breakfast in tbs Masonio Halt. Tho chair was taUen|b'y tho Hov. Dr.- Tucker,'on whoso loft were, tho Kev. .Thos. Hassall, thd lion, Geoffroy -Bagar. John'Fairfax, Esq.'; on his'right the'Rev. K.'Eogors (olerioal secretory), John Richardson, Esq., Rev, G.'H. Marston; Seo. The vice-obair was ooaupied by tha Rov. S. C. Kent. Among thoso present wore tho : Hon. Gooree Allen, tho Revs.' Dr. Stool, Dr. Fullerton, W. Kelynaok, H.H. Gaud, W. Çlatycr, T. Haydon, H. S. Kine, W. Iiumsdano, S. 3?. Hackonzic, J.'B Laughton, J, Di-Thane, T.' Smith, W. 'Pitman, J.'M'Gibbon, T. Johnson, J. Howdon, and B. Griffiths ;i Dr. Charles.: Messrs; David Jones, G., JP. Wise, Vickory, W. Fairfax, G. Vf. Allen, J. D. Langley, &o.;,ond a largo immborof ladies." ' . '. .'. .' ' .. . Gracb was said by tho 'BOT. E.Hogers: After breah fast the Chairman read tho 2nd Psalm, andpartof tb 110th Psalm, and then repented tho Lord's Prayer, tb mooting joining. . M . . Tho GUA inn AH thon oxprossod his'gratitude fa tho honour conforred on him-in asking'bim to présid on this to posion: Ho took this honour asan exprossio: of sympathy with him in the important and nrduqu duties bs bsd undertaken..,, Hs regarded it also.as-o' unmistakable oxpression of their attachmon to tho principios and'' constitution pf tho gréa parent: society. It .was':."a ..- privilege '( t join the company of good and holy mon in such a wor as this. : .Tho uniform kindness ho bad mot with In tb colonies mado him anxious, to do moro. for. Austrnlit If anything oonld render wearying travelling and cor ! tinual toil a pleasure,, it' was tho Bympathy and'aid s the moraberoof tho Sydney comrautoo, and also,nil ore the colonies, on tho p»rt of the branoh societios. Mud had boon accomplished by. tho good'services of theladie associated ia tho work of tho society throughout th colony. ' (Choors.) ' This was tbo birthday of tho Not South Wales Auxiliary-¡ and lt was a pleasing coino! dence that on tbo 7th March, in 'tho year 1804, thro hundred géntlomon mot la London to draw up th constitution of tho parent society. 1 bose streams o spiritual blessing which 'noir, through the circulate of the Bible, water tho earth might be traced to tha humble source. As tbo stream whioh went out of Ede: was divided into fpor rivers, flowing through vast ro pions of tho East, "so the streams of Holy 8cripttin flowed through the valleys of '' our fatherland and over tho hills and plains- of . Europa ; an lileo the river described by Ezekiel.tho prophot, wer widening and deop'oning . as thar flowed po, bringinj healing and lifo and gladness to oil men. ' Tho jubile of tho parent society was immediately followed by i groat increase of its ¡¡funda and extension of :its opera lions. Then they, had rocourso-to'tho employment o Bible women, which had proved so. oflectual. Tho! volunteer force had given wondorful acceleration ti this'work. Thoy now printed tho Bible in 173 distino languages and dialects.-- They had issued fifty million of copies of tho Bible, and, had. aided ' other spolotlc whioh had issued eighty-four millions of copies of th Wo'd of Lifo among tho nations of the earth. It WA their earnest hops that " the object submitted ' to th publio might bo accomplished speedily, and that tb Now tjouth -Wales. Society might continue ia th< bloom and vigour of youth; and when ndvaneoil t vcnerabla age, might know no decrepitude or decline (Oheers.) They had expected the Ber John Gardine of Adelaide. 'They bad. also invited the Rev. Mt Clarke of Hobart Town ; tho Rev. Mr. -Aikenhead o Launceston ; and tho Rev. Dr. Beeohor of Melbourne who woiild have been with them, but for illness in hil family. They had present representativos'from th Hanter Rivor and from Brisbane.- The auxiliaries ii Ihoso places had sent resolutions of sympathy.in th< work. They had expected that tho.Very hov. Dean o Sydney would bavo beon tboro to wolcome their friend: from a distance. But ina.lottof -(whloh herrad totbt mooting) tho' Dean said that tba stato of bis health pre vented bis attending the 'meeting. - Though ho coule not toko part in the proceedings, bo hoped tobo presen at tho' midday ^.meeting. Tbo 'Doab - referred to'hil revered father as one who took, part in'tho formatiot of the socioty. XObeors.)- Ho~(Dri Tucker) then a«koc 'ono of the earliest friends - of '.the' society tb'áddresi ; them, the Rev. Thomas Hassall ofCpbbity.' ?'. \\. ?. '-1 ,-The Rev, T. HASSALL, who.waa reoellftd.with,ohoers ' said ; though.ho .did not tako .part in ibo formation ol tho society, he wa» then' twonty-throe ycart old, am .ho therefore remembered it porfeotljr. Tbero won ?présent Governor Macquarie, his exoelloht »ld-de- camp Major Anthill, Colonel Mole,' and .Judgo-Advocati Wylde. .There wero only tbrco pr four clorgy prosont Mr. Marsden, Mr. Cowper,' Mr. Cartwright, and' Mr Fulton. (Cheers.) He had from that timo felt' mac! interested in tho Bible- Society ; and whon1 visiting England, tba last meeting;, he was ,at. was a Bible Socioty meeting; in Portsea. His- little spresh then was much spoken of. Ho was to give to their visitón a welcome.* Hb waa interested in seeing the visitors and so many present, ' It was a most delightful: aqd interesting sight. He could not himself - oipeot to bt here long ; but ha boped tho socioty would go on tc Erooper. It was a wonderful institution. Lookinp ack fifty years, ho was astonished to seo what ho saw, arid to hear what bo heard. He bad in his possessio! the first ropoit of this Bible Society, and- the fire! report of the - sooioty at Parramatta, and tho Erst roporl of tho Tasmania Sooiety. When ho first visited Tasmania, tboro was in the house, .whore ho staid nc family prayer, ho Bible ; but tbo brandy bottle on the breakfast table.' Bat what a chango had boen since wrought Let them bo encouraged to go on, and,do all they possibly could. In looking ovor the naines of the founders of. the sooioty, ho could seo there only one. Where would they be in fifty years to como ? While they lived. .1st thom do all the good to spread tho knowlodgé of that Book whioh was tho secret of England's glory-the story of tho Saviours lort to sinners, and hs,hoped thoy'would all meat in that better world whore they ' would part' no more. (Cheers.) ... : Dr. CBAOLM who came out with tho Hov. Dr. Beecher, some years ego, was next (tailed upon by tho Obairman, and said he felt himself; honoured in being permitted in ' tba ' name of tho < New ' South Wales Blblo Society to weloomo their -foliowworkors is a most glorious work-a work which thoy believod to bo in accordance.with the will of God; for the Blblo was ono of God's best gifts to mab." Every man has'a right to the Bible, as a knowledge of its truths'is essential to his salvation.' It was amobló privilege.to be fellow-workers ineuoh a work, In wbiah they wero fallow-workers with God, who would have all men to ba saved, and to come to a knowlcdgo of tho truth. But thoy must take Bunnoo to themselves that tboy had done so little. Let thia day bo the beginning of bettor days in this work. It was the birthday of tho auxiliary.; it was also tho birthday of tho.parent society. It was also a remarkable fact tbst lhere should hovo boen planted in this land, so soon after the foundation of tho parent socioty, that frc« -whoso leares are for tho healing of tho nations-a tree that would flourish when the pestilential abominations I which now diigraco this-country shall havo passed away for ovor. (Oheórsí' ' ''.'.' ?'.The Rev. E. Calming, of Brisbano, responded, Ha said the auxiliary in Queensland was founded through the visit of Dr. Boeoher and Dr. Charles, about cloven years ago. lt was thon a part of Now South Wales. Tho rooolleotisnof that time was stilt referred to with great pleasure. " It was only about throe or four, years ago that the Quoooslaad society had began to sond ftes contributions homo on behalf of tho foreign opera, lions of tho parent socioty. Thoy sent tho'flrst year a small sum ; but tboy wore, soon oblo to double lt. Queensland bad, as it Wero, fallen down whilo'running tao fast ; but they were new loaming a;lesson, and would soon walk like men and not ba under, tho, neces- sity of Booking refugo undor tho paternal government. (Obcors and laughtor.) In regard, to tho Blblo 8ooiot.y, they ' wera not ' separated. (Hear.) : While the. Rev, Mr. Hassall was apoaklng, ho thought of-that .beautiful expreéiion as ., to ., tho privilego no« ..onjoyod by Christians of associating with', thbto who bavo gono to a bettor world.' " Wo aro' como' lo tho spltlts of Just' men mado porfeot." Tho departed founders of this socioty were with thom in spirit, taking port ia a work of whioh they seo tho consum- mation, moro olosrly than wo do hare. Let them nil try to do moro than - thair fathbrs had done for this work. (Cheers.) ''' \- Rev. H. H. GAUD, President of the : Wesleyan Con» feronce, spoko as tho. representativo of the Wesloynn Churches in this land, flo OBSurod, thora' of tho heart- felt sympathy of tho Wesloyans In this, groat, work. Thoy had tho best wishes of tho ministers and Wes- loyans of this land. Ho could scarcely oonoolvo that .any one-professing faith in tho Word of dod could be without sympathy in this great work. No doubt tho committee had 'had discouragements and 'opposition, not only (rom the world, but also from the Ohuroh too. i Hut he believed the men of this committee would not tie I dhwouroged, RQd that thia gnat cause would prosper ? moro and inoré,1 JIo liad.rlfBÍ«nudlwIth'Iníúoh[plenBuro to tho ROT. Mr. Hassall, who-told thom that nearly all the other first Monda of thia, Boojoty wore gono to tholr reward. r.,..Wo,»re entered upon tholr.'labours, -. In o> líttlo timo"wo shall ,»11 quit tub world;"' And whon wo stand-boforo 'tho groat Soarohcr ofj hoarts may wo hoar* him ' say-Well dono, good'and 'faithful 'servants* (Obeèra.) ti ¡I' -. ,<:,.,; .M.'/ ..:<; -,,! .;;.!.... i .Tho Rev. G.¿H. MOBBTOK Bald bia-bearf bad .beerr. moria than full.'.whoh bo accompanied hts venerable and, highly esteemed'friond,'; Mr. Hassall, who''was present fifty years ago aa a young mon with some of those now aoinlod men,-when.this. Bible-Society, waa formed., It should bo rtmomberod that wo aro not ¡«olated, but bavo tho company of .those who havo departed this lifo la" God's faith ¿nd , foar. "'Wo' hope' that, whon ' 6ur; ' bodies aro lying' low, 'and ? our _spirit» are in bei ven - our children' and our ohildron'*, children will carryon thia groat work, of circulating, the book wbioh bas raised England abovo othor nations». Whorover wo come in contaot with, a man «ho bas recoirod 'this " pearl of greaVprice," we' aoe him riso abovo bia natural degradation into a puter atmosphere. It waa his privilege, in earlior years, to. BOO something, moro of tho practical working of tho Biblo. Society in a. portion of henthondom. .'It was his privilege to oil» oulato part of that million of copies of tho Scripture*, in - Chinese, wbioh were: sont, out for ^distribution.' among tho Ohinoso. 'Ho went to tholroporinl Camp oa. tho banks of the Yanirtio Kiang,, and there sat down», hoping, bj the Trovidonco of God, to have on oppor- tunity (as ho had) of distributing thom to'willing reolpionts. . He hoped to have translated tho Biblo into, tho language of Japan. Boforo : ho . could put ono " vorso . into tho languago, ..of t, Japan», tho Bible Society, followed him with itev munificent'offor of aid..' Hehnd a doarjouth from thc 8outh Sea Islande ' now Staying with him, whom bo< overboard daily, raiding bia New Testament in his own language, and praying. Thua ;among tho Anglo Saxon rnco, tho cultured Asiatics, and tho eo'vagea of tho' South Sea 'Islands, thoy found that it;waa the Word of God that brought man to; man, nnd made them- of ono mind in ascribing praise to,Almighty God for what'He had been plcaaed to do. " 'Hs truster}, the .society would incroaso a hundredfold. ; (Oheers.> ? Joint FAIIIWX, Esq.;. on behalf of tho committee of tho sooiety, returned thanks for tho encouragement and: aid . which the ladloa had given to the work of thia society. .Ho related in fow words the story of a life,, and of a ; biblo. All of them awoko tbia mornlntr, he supposed, thinking of the Biblo aa God's groat gift to- man. In thinking over thia meeting, ho romombered? tbeao facts :-A young man waa sont out as a cadot to India in 1885. i He went in tho ill-fated Kent, East Indiaman,, and waa one of tho fow who survived that terrible accident. Ho arrived in Iridia a Godless and' though.Iocs young man. Ho nftorwards confessoil, that though .'ho was saved from tho burning of tlie Kent» tho impression.of thankfulness . tovGod.nover, enteret his mind. . He thought ho was! very lucky to escape. Ho .wont to bis regiment; but his hoalth falling, ho- llad to go tb tho Mauritius. There ho' plunged into tho dissipation ofthat colony. Woarlcd and exhausted,, ha returned to India. On bis voyage,!tho pleasures he had onguged in and tho solitariness of his position pallod upon him. He had no book; tho contain had no book», but booka on navigation. Nono of thc crew, had any* books but ooo.'-' Ono day ho saw a acaman ' in tho'foro castlo reading a book, ? Tho man lent it td him te read» This was a copy of tho holy Scriptures. Tho truths o£ revelation took hold of his mind. Ho landed.in India a converted man, simply through the' reading of the Scriptures and tho Divino blessing apon that reading. Hin health did not allow him lo remain in India. About 1834 ho came.back to England. Then ha (Mr. Fair- fax) met him, and heard hts history from his own lips. Ho bocamo a Christian minister, and was secretary to the Turkish ' mission. ' His nomo was Mr. George Birch. (Cheers.) He oonoludod .'with Bomo lines ot' poetry:- ? , , .. 5 . ... ...... What ls the world t A winding maia, Where «In hak tracked tau thousand ways ' ? ? " ; Her victims to ensnare. ' '' 1 ' . ' Ia there no guide? I!« that bath ' ' , . ?? The bible need not stray;' iv i'' . <-.'.'-. Yet he «ho batk and will not gire '-/ ' That Habt of life to all that Ure, .. ..' Illrmelfihall.loaothaway. ! (Cheers.) . '...-' . ' Tba Hov; "W. LDUBDAINI' said 'they owed a just. debt of gratitudo tb' tho ladlee, for , the' '^aluable co-operation ' in the cause of the' Bible i Society. Woman was a truo helpmeot to man. in ovory good, work. - NOQO were auch successful collectors ; |Uçno., .inoro efflcient'-distriof' visitors " and' "Bunday-scboof teachers. They wero tho life and soul of'the branch associations.: lt bad been said thal woman's, mission waB primarily confined to tho domestio circle- -From the do j s of Timothy tho Church had bean,chiefly in- debted to pious mothers. But tho mission of woman's kindness extended to tho world. (Oheers.) Ho re« joicod to BOO them goingo about aa sisters of moroy, ministering to the spiritual , and tomporal " Wants of' others, taking tho world td alleviato its Borrows-not taking tho veil., (Cheers.) , He hailed the) fair;sex as sisters of morey and. dialers of charity, Ho hopod they would bo liko Phcobo Boreas abd Priscilla, and that they would have no nunneries in tho'Frotestant Church». The Biblo Sooiety contd not afford to loss auch worthy helpers. (Cheers) ' . . t'Tna. -Rev. 8. 0. KENT said no. man who . had knows tho tendor ciro of a mother,' tho generous kindness of av eislor, the sympathy and bolp- of a wife, could refuse to respond on behalf of tho ladies, lt was said that o> celebrated painter, who waa kissed by his mother whoa bo had painted.hia first picture, said', That kiss made moa painter.'* And who had not boon encouraged and supported by tho sympathy and ' Interest and co- operation of woman in his rroatost and moat difficult works? This eociotyhad 20 OOO ladies working for ¡tis support. Without them, tho circulation of tho Scriptures would bo much circumscribed. Tboy.weio working as woman only could work, going from house to homo, soliciting aid from' thoso Who were able to give, and assisting thoso who needed them to procure Biblo«. , Tho sceptre that boet.bccamo woman'a band, was not tho'Bceptre of ompiro, although that sceptre wai never hold in firmer or fairer handa than those of our gracious Queen, not ' the least of whoso glories is that eho ia the patroneas of tho'British and Foreign Bible Society. (Oncers) It waa woman who,showed respect to the corpeo of tho Redeemer; woman who was last at night and first in tho morning at' tho Bonulchre. And time bad not ohanged lior character. Her con- stancy, her kindness, aro atilt the samo, lt ia tho Bible that-has made woman what aha is in tho British. empira. In Christ Josue thoro is noither malo nor female - no inferiority on tho part of woman-no auporiority on tho part'of'man.: Lot thom labour to secure lo ovary woman' in . tho. world ber''rights her privileges, and her llbortioe, of whloh .tho. Biblo, ,is tho great charter, (Cbeera) ,. The.CHAIRMAN intimated that tho collections of tho day would gb to the building fund. - It being now more than a quartor-paat ll, and'tho mid-day meeting being fixed for 11.30, tho bonodiotiorj was pronouncouT by. tho. Chairman, and the mooting hastened away fo the Australian Library. 1 MIIMIAT MEETINO.: âhortly boforo noon tho ehalr was takon at tho Aus- tralian Library, by his Excellency Sir John Young. Moit of thoso who wero présent at the breakfast wero in attendance,' and also the Bight Rev. tho' Bishop of Sydney, tho .Very: Rev. Doan, Cowper, Lord'John Toy lour,, tho Rov. Mesire. " Jamoa Milno, R. L King, Adam Thomson; Jobn Weat, K. Mansfield, tho Hon. tv D. Gordon, M.L.O, Captain" Dumaresq, tho Hon. J. Mltohel), M.L.O.. Mr. Joseph Thompson, Ate, ' Tho -Rev. E. Boosns read tho 97th Psalm and offered prayer,'. , Mr. G. F. WISH road tho following slatomont : A brief statement of tlia'oporatlona of tho New South Wales Auxiliary Bible .Sooiety, presented on ita first Jubilee, Miran 7th.'1807t -. .- ; ; Weare assembled hera thia morning under circumstance* ol peau Urinierest. We have met to oeletwte the Jubilee of the New South Walea Ami lari- or the llrltlsh and Foreign, Bible Society t 'and your eotnmlttee lo proientin« a étalement, of the aootety'a operatlona, dealro to aoknow edge with derout thankfulneaa, the goodncaa of A'uilgli y Oodla permitting Ihem to witt) caa th« flltltth ann Ire aary orita formatio -. , >Whll lt Inviting their friend« tojoln In tho celebration of Ita jubile, your eomtnitUo aro fórclb.y reminded of the paaiagtt of lioly. Writ "ober men bava laboureJ, and ya have) enter**. Into their labours.' Thora who'formed tho loo.oty ana nursed lt Into strength, and vigour, hara pealed away to their eternal rest. Among Ita earliest friend«, and auenuoua supporters, wn would enpea ally mention tho namaa .r the; late' IUT. . Samuel Marsden - and. thi Venera abla Archdeacon Cowper To 1 their exartlona mainly, thia . au l.Ury ow«s 1U existence, and from IU very oummencíroo-.t they took an aotlra and sealoua interest In ell Ita proceedings, devoting to lt their Induinoo and talents ana. rirtryearahaTo paned away alnoo'this auilllaiy waa flrat InsUtutwI. ltwa««atabllsh<dontie7th «aroh. lBi7, at tha auggeitlon of the night Honorable Xotd, Telgnmouth.tuaja preai.lant or the parent loclely, un-.o' the ahi.oUo« and wi tia tba liberal assistance or hi« r.acellenoy aoveroor.jieariuajB, his : Honor Lieut.nant OoTernor . atolla, . the Judges, . and many Ither parsons of 'rank ana Icitluence Itt ,, tha rolonr. .«midi the- maya eiiangiaaadviclaaltudes through which lbs colony has pánica «Ince than, this valuable society baa livad cn. It lu« had to alruggla through many dirtlcultles and atlveraltlea, conUudlna; ag,Inat, and surmounting, thanpposlton of 'Ita enarolai, *M well aa tba lukewarm indlrTarenanoMta prof«md frUüdaí .var striving to carry out th« great ol-Jrot of lt« tau ú'tt, aj ?tated in th« flrat report-" toco-operata wlib th« Drllbib and lforalgoUlbl« Uoclety lo.promotliig amongit alt classai.tb» ? i" , . i1;1 .1 1 "11 " , . " ' Distribution 'of tb» Itoly ßerlpturo« without noto or comment." Ind now. In, th. nftlethy«.roflUa»l«t«oo«, with tho nm« Waria object «till tn »low, lt appear« before yow mon vlgoroui . than ever/ with th* representative of hm "»Jeaty occupying lt« chair »t annual meetings, and the ropreaantatlvss oí almost every I'rolestant denomination advocating lt« cause, f Tfie To motion or tbeauslliary WM prrgn«nt with odvan tagea to the colony, wh'ch soon became manifest. Frsvious to Ul estahll.hment tho sosrclty of tho Scriptures both In Sydney and through >tit til» «mn ry was moil appalling; and tho Society'« drat attention was io tho supplying thia pressing need. Thiough Tarlou» egoncles lt distributed tho Rcrlpturo« not only In tho city and tho Buburba, hut In tho Interior and In the out-lylna district», wi.ero thor« woro many who wero destitute of almo»t every menu j of religious instruction It Immediately formed associations In tho »oro ni Inland town«, and a branch wa« established In Tasmania, for tho promotion of Ha ono groat otjocta, the giving to every household a copy ofthatvoume which teaches men how thar may H»e peace- fully and happily an earth, and prepare« them for a far higher and nolilerstaioofexlstoneo beyond. Nothing ot moment occurred in tho society « history until the discovery of the gold-fields In ISSI, when the ''de or Immigration brought In many thausanrts of advoniurers. Th» eommlttee at one« put fntth every effort to Introduce the Borlpturesamong tho rapidly Increasing population, and, for the Ant tim», established a system of colportage, similar to what' oxlits so extensively on the oontlnint of Europe. Tho co porteurs traversed tho various districts or tbeoolony with a «tock of Bible« and Testament», carrying to th» v«ry door« of the people the we'd« of eternal Iso From ISSI to 18W about £1200 wera spent la saprortof them, toward« which tho pa-ont society granted £400 ; nnd by their agency noar y 0000 ooplea of tho -orbturos were put In o circulation among (boan who m'ght novor otho wise have heard theg eelHIngs willoh the Mole mikol known. After a few year« liowevr, your commlttoofo t eonatralne I to relinquish this valuable agenoy, owlnir to tho r oat tared -tata of th» population, and the great expense and dlfflcu ty of th» work, and'have soueht to establish branoh eoeletlea and denota for the «al» or tho.Hcrlpturea.. Within the last ten years tho socUty has been gradual y ad vanolng. In ISM the Rev. M. II. Heohur, and Thomas Ohsrea, Kan, via ted the eolony aa a deputation from th» parent aoclety, and wera successful In exciting a deep interest on behalf of the aoclety throughout tho colony. More than forty branohea wore farmed by them, and many that wer» lukewarm and In operation they revlred The number or branches at present In connection with thia auxiliary ls only twenty-six. Thia arlsea from the Auxiliary Itself having been limited In Ita extent Th« hrnn-jhea ' In Queensland; (ioulburn. Parra- matta, Maitland, «nd Newcastle, have constituted thomaal'os Independent Auxiliaries, and have Attached to them all the brandea In their Immediate neighbourhood. Thia arrange- ment has not been without tis odvantages.lnasmuohai lt has been the moana of calling Into operation other branohea and Affording Inoreaaed aid to th» parent aooletyV Blnea the fo-miUon rf thia auxllla-y there haa been tran s mttted to tho pare t aoclety, as free contributions, tho sum of jC88'«-H« ld And no fewer than 112,0;-./ coptoa of the Scripture . hare heen «cd. ' Your oommlttae hara muon pleasure In stating that tho first portion* of Scripture tra'islat d Into any language In the HouthPaoiSo, being parla of tho Now Testament In Haiti, wore printed here tn Sydney at tha cost of tho soo ety. Three thousand copies of portions of t ie New Tra nment In the Nlou language nave als ) bean printed by your auxiliary : tb» wholo of wDlrb; were Immod'ately disposed . or on arrival st . Savga Island. A completo edition of the New Testament In tho samo language, lt now being published, and wi I shortly bo ready. Yo<iro->mmlttee have alan consented to .bear .tho expense of printing and publishing tho New Testament In the Maori language when- ever tho translat'on ls ready. The paper for this, and also for the 'Nleu Testament, boa been sent out bv the parent sooioty. La-go grants of Bib es and Testaments, amounting to nearly 10,000 coplea, hayo boon mado at different time« hy tho parent society, for gratuitous distribution to-the Sabbath-sohoo a within this auxllla-y, tho who e or »hleh havo Jienn-judlol oualy la-ued, nndhavo proved of great aSalstanco to those who are on j aged In tb» religious Instruction of tho young . Your committee would matte special alla don to tho appoint- ment of t^o Kev Dr. Tuckor, who came to th« colony some ell yean ago tooooupy th* Important and responsible omeo of resi- dent agent of the parent aoclety In th» Australian eolon'es. Toe appointment has been attended with tho most fcvourab a »au ta From his councils and labours the several Auxiliaries bavo made considerable progress : and hla annual visita to the more Important brauche« bava away« had tho effect of stirring them Into activity, and Imparting to thom fresh Ufo and vigour Your commute« would remind yon that one of th« objects of this meeting ls to ral*» a «petlAl fund for the erection or pur- chase of suitable pretniaea in which to oarry on th« ope rallona of the BOO tty It wi l be recollected that ao far back aa 1813. lt wa« resolved to raise a fund for this purpose, in commemoration of tho Jubilee of the parent aoclety. Several h-ind'oma do- nation« wera thea given and that «nm baa slice been In- creased to £UI0 l"s ll I., which ia now Invented, awaiting tho realisation of th« fuU amount necessary lo carry out tba object . i Your committee sra most aix'ous to be relieved of tho pay- ment of rot t ; ai that they may be enabled, by the lessening of axpenaea to dispose of the -crlptnrcs at a ist111 'oirá-rata than at prosent, «nd also to «end lamer amounts of free con- tributions to tho pare t soo'cty I' I« the-efór» ea- nestly hoped that bv your < liberality th's ' day yon will enable tho committee to secure to tbe auxiliary and to the winny A last- ing monument of your Christian munificence and an abiding memorial of nur Jubilee. ? Your committee cannot close thia Imperfect outline of tho aoclety'« operations, without urging upon every lover of tho DIM« to atop forth and render what aa-lstance la In hla power, to beloon'the good work In wblcb they aro engined. Let the D bte be only extensively circulated and aa extenalvely raid and studied throughout the land,and we .have Util» to fear f-<r the fi turo of tba colony, tho land of our adoption.-" Tue entrance of Thy word giveth light) lt giveth understanding . anto,tbe«Imple.,> - . : ...,..'».,. ,. ' Mr."WISE further stated thattho committee haVa re- ceived, resolutions oxprosaivo of sympathy and cordial good wishes from the following; Australian auxiliaries: \- South Australia, Hobart Town; ' Launceston, 'Mel- bourne, Geolortfvipswloh, Parramatta, Maitland, Wol- longong, and liudgoe. ' The Bisnor OP STOHBT moved tho first resolution :' -"That this meeting unites in an'expression of devout thankfulness lo Almighty God on tho occasion of tho Jubilee of- the-New South Wales Auxiliary of tho British and Foreign Uiblo Society, the principles, obieots, and cathbliooonstitution of which havo approvod them- selves to Christians of all denominations , and deems it to bo deslrablo that tho committee should ' forthwith adopt some means of increasing tho furjd already in existence, for providing suitablo premises in which the operations of tho society ? may bo conduotod in this colony,?' Hosaid, considering how much wo owó to tho Bible and tho Bible Society, it cannot be matter of surprise that tho friends of this sooioty should havo taken this moans of .oxpressing their reverence for tho Word of God. Whatever liberty wo enjoy as British subjoot we «wo to .tho Word of God. If any man searches tho foundations of England's grcatnoss. ho will find that they oro based on tho religious liberty which is derived from tho Word of God. (Cheers.) Tho reformation of religion was accomplished by mon who believed that it was the duty of every man to read the Word of God. Thoy aohieved for their guoco:sors that glorious inheritance whloh wo possess, an open Bibi«. (Cheon ) Somo fifty years ago thors wero msn in this country who believod that tho British i and foreign Bi bio Society was worthy \ of thoir support Groat honour ls due to those mon. Tho representative of hor alojosty, in that day and in this, was present. That croat architect and builder, who has left his name engraved, on so many straoturos, was hore. Samual Harsdon was hero. Archdeacon Cowpor waa herc. Tho Rev. Thomas Hassall was hore. (Cheers) Others now ia the eolony wore a.'so prosont on that occa- sion. But' -most of those whoso names wero inscribed on that specimen of printing which my friond (Mr. Hassall) possosses, bavo passed away. The msn have passod away ; but their work romaine. And no one engaged in th*t work ever lived to regret it. - No ono will ever regret that ho did what he could to prometo tho «iroulation of tho Word nf Cod. We honour thom. At that period tho British and Foreign Bible Sooiety was engaged in a groat oonflict. Thors wero men high in position, who wera opposed to lt Qoorge tho Third had oxprossod n detiro that ovory peasant might bo able to read tho Biblo, and' that In every oottng.0 there might bo found a oopy of th» Word of God, Bul that desiro waB not earriod out. Thora was little onoouragsmont givon then to tho circulation ot the Holy Soriptures I am ashamed to confosB that roverond and learnod prelates charged their clarity against tho British and Foreign Bible Sooioty. ..Learning, and wit wero continuously piled against tho operations ot the Bible Society. But at that time, in 1817, tho Governor and authorities, tho principal clergy and ministers of different dénomina- tions in-this country wore not carried away by that tido ot opposition that had sot in at homo against the British and Foreign Biblo Sooiety. (Cheers ) It Jg evidont that thoy wore men of truo wisdom, ' that ' they understood , what constituted tho wei I boin tr of tho country. If tho reso- lutions nppondod to that report had, been oarrlod into -effootj the colony would havo prosontod a very different aspeot to what it offera this'dav. Thoy, résolve'! that children in tho sohools should bo instructed in tho, -Soriptures i that pub'io sohools should bo established in which tho Scriptures should bo read.u .If..the legislation ?of-tho colony had boon founded on tho principles laid down hr those resolutions; and the public spirit of tba colony had sustained, thoso principles, we-should not havo hud to deplore' sb muon intemporanèe', Sabbath desecration,'.and -'other soolat ovlls,' to. say .nothing of the crimes whloH disgrace us in tho eyes bf tho civilised -world. - Cf Governor Maequaria and those who aoted ?with him-had boen followod By men who carried put tho same principles, and established sohoelswhero the ttoflpturcs should bo read as tho Word of God, tho «olony would havo' presented a very different, aspect. Nevertheless, much was dono) for which wo hare reason to'be thankful. "In every part of tho colony tho Blblo was now to bo found. He recommended strongly thé oreotion of attractive depots Uko that at Goulburn : ,«uoh as would induoo pnoplo to look, to'de.lro, ind to buy. Copies ot the Bible in Ohiness and other 'languages/had boon .olroulatod. Bo that when a Spaniard, Italian, Gorman, ,or Chinaman is fonnd In tho wards of tho Infirmary, His In tho- power of those who visit that institution to .supply him «Ith a copy of the Borinturos In his own tongue. II « fait, ho'wevor, that tbs hope expressed at tho.coneluslou.of «ho roport asst hs mad father 'jul * .prayar Xor w3wt \- IT., r.i w... v ...!?.'-'? i;'¿- .1 .v- . 1 might bo. ' Provided (ba reading of tb« Scriptures OJ loaded, not only to tho low but also to tho high-(f w raay.prosume'ln thia colony to UBoUuaham'exprossib -to those whose ofBce'it ls to meka tho laws, and-t soo that thoso lawa tiro nut into exooution, then thero I hopo for tho colony: ithnt iey if tho principles of logii lotion ara tukan from tha'rVord of God. If our legisle lion woro not in future to moko provision for tho alraoï promiscuous salo of intoxicating liquors, witbdrawln police restraint ; if, on tho other hand, . thoy woui derivo their principios of legislation from tho Scripture! if they would derivo their rovenuo, not from tao salo c that whioh demoralises men mora . than any otho moans that can bo used by Satan, thon I should bav hope for the fulfilment of thia desire. (Hoar, hear.) am thankful that tho Legislature baa shown a aleBlr for tho extension of instruction into' tho far. interior but t must affirm, as a Christian minister, that I cai novor be satisfied with any modo of instruction int whioh tho Word of God ia uotfiooly and fully imported Sir John Young had over bean forward to promoto th designs whioh had in .view tho glory of God and th good of his follow croaturos. In thia bo followed th oxamplo of hor Majesty, who waa a suheoribor to th funds of tho parent sooioty. .(Oho.rs.) Ho (tho Bishop was to ho followod by ona of tho rosponslbto advisor of his Bxoollonoy. If by any obance ho (Vir. Byrnos was not thora, they hopod ho would bo dui; represented ia the 'subscription Hat. (Cheers, ft was felt that af tor tho lapse of half a oonturv th! branch ought to havo a homo. . Hitherto it' had beet only a lodger at a heavy root. (Hoar,. hear.) . Noarl; £1000 had boon raisód for the purobofo of a ball. * wai hoped that a like sum would now bo raised.. Lo them "begin with that room', aud let those who had thi privilege of signing ohequoa do BO for this society'in t liberal mannerv Ile saw, thors tho clerical agent of thi parent society, and would not toko from thom rh prifilogo of hearing th* information he (Dr. Tuoker had to give. His (tho Eiahop'e) first apoooh as a younf man, before bia ordination, .was in support of tho' Dibit Socioty. Ho had now muoh ' plooaurd. in urging itt claims. (Ohoera ) Tho Rev. Dr. ToosBn then addrosaod tbo inseting Ho roviowod tho first principles of tho sooioty. Ii theso times it beoomo thom to ba atwaya ready ta gi vi a reason of tho hope that waa in, thom, and of tin work in which they wore engagod. '. Every great worl mot with some opposition. The Biblo Socioty waa ni oxooption. Thorp might. bo aomo who won not quits - satisfied'" as - to "its principles Somo complained that tho sooioty had no crcod, and ni authorised toaohors. This obargo was mada in all thi Romanising papers.' Tho anawar waa that tho saoiet; waa not a churob, but a ? Booloty for circulating tho Scriptures ; and auoh a sooioty ' no more nooded a erect than any othor benevolent association. Churches miuh requira creeds, aa exponents of Scripture. Many anoion creeds woro valuable - memorials of tho though ta o Christian fathers, Churohei might require subscii,jtioi to certain oboaen tenets and defined doctrines. Bu wore they to ba told that thoao wero tho only channell through'which tho truth and blessing of God; could bi convoyed to man ? (Ohoera.) Tho Biblo is above al creeds, and is tho .'tost by which they aro ti ba triod. ' He quoted the 6th article of the Book o Common Prayer in support of this assertion. Ono o tho bishops ,of the Courch waa ¡ lately, preaohing ot Ritualism... ' He .took, .for. his .toxt,.". Whose is titi imago and superscription ?" Bishop Elllcott, after tracint tho origin of that movomont, gave wiso counsels to al Protestants.' One of his noblo utterances was this " Our image ia tho outspread leaves of un opon Biblo and our superscription or legend - contend camoatí; for tho. faith'Once delivored tu tho saints." (Lout choers.) Again, some said they wero Booking thi triumph of truth msroly by circulating printed pages an unreasonable and unscriptaral mode. . Tho replj was that the British and Foreign Bible ttociotj did not profoss. ,to be ablo to takt tho place of tho Christian ministry, or ' of ¿nj ovantrolining agency. If in tho midst of a starving com' munity it'woro proposed to distribute wholesome bread who would wait till philosophy bad settled the logro dionis'most wholesome, or till political economy har determined on tho expedionoy of food lng the hungry, and clothing tho nakod, andteachlng.tha children with out requiring labour and payment ? . Their roply woulc I be, true, men cannot llvo by »road alone; but people cannot live without,' bread. So though tbo, world wll not bo converted by tba moro distribution of tho Scrip tures, ho asked oould the -world- bo con vor ted without the Scriptures ? (Ohoera') :' Tho case of tho Ethiopia! Eunuch who said té Phillp-" How- can I understand except aomo man teach me,'* waa often cited to- prov« that there moat bei an expositor of tho'Word. ' Bul it 'provod also .that, tho-Bibs'.must-be in the handa of tho teaoher.or in the handa of tho taught The Bible in *ll tongues ls a grand necessity for out nature. (Cheers.) ,. This society took tho aimplo posi- tion of printing tho Bible. Thero waa ono regulation whioh it never passed-to print the authorised vorsiorj in English, ana tho purest translation that could bc found in any other language-without noto or com- ment. Tbs society left all other work to tho Christian Ohurohos. It was one groat wheel in tho evangelical machinery. They ought not to wait and withhold thc Biblo until all theso instrumentalities wore providod, All Scriptures ia given by inspiration of God.. .'And God tho Holy Ghost, Whs gavo tho book, applies it tc tho hearts of men and makoa it effectual to taoir salva- tion. Ho quoted the opinions of Dr. Pusoy, in his noble work on the Book of Danlo), a work whioh waa a great boon to the Christian Church; - .In'tho' prcfacoof thal work Dr. Pusey said it.had. boon for twenty-five yoari bia doop conviction that'no book can bo-written io behalf of tho Biblo li ko tbo Biblo itaelf ; that men's dofoncea oro mero words ¡ the Bible 1B 'God's'word, and through it God tho Holy Ghost who spoko it first, still spooks to tho soul that closos not itself against it, by maana of this book. (Choers.). That was Dr. Puaey'a conviction. 1 Waa it so? Then let thom mul- tiply tho book, '.and scad lt forth among all nations. It waa said the circulation of. tho Biblo gave riso tc diversity of opinion, and - painful and bitter controver- sies. If they did not know better, thov might auprosa by thia objeción that thara waa porfoct poaco where oreada ruled supremo, and the Bible itsolf was not read by tho people. - Butin those regions ttiora wore aa many adverse opinions aa any one could find' throughout the Protestant world. (Hear, hoar.) It was not'tho circula- tion of the Sorlpturea tbat produced controversy ; but tho fride of tho human heart and philosophy, falsely so called, f there woro to bo union, it must result from supremo reverence for tho authority of tho Word of God.-He had boon told that thia waa. a sohlsmatical society.- But it was ona whioh, above all others, asked Ohristinn roon to unito togo tb or to print tho Word of God. If this bo schismatic, then union ia division, order Is ohoos, light iadarknose. In the minda of eoraepereoaa all separa- tion seemed to Involvowor, aa whonthè Phillstlhéa'ahd Israel i'.ios cucarapod on oppojito hills, and there was no alternativo for.tho oonquorod but surrendor or annihi- lation, (A laugh.) But Scripture taught thom that thora might be separation with oharity .and trua unity. : Tho examples of Abraham and Lot, of Barnabas and [ Paul, provod this - that separation - tended to tito promotion of tho Qospol.' Thore is a difference botwcoa unity and uniformity. Thoona is divine tho other human ; ona produooa poaco, the other is tho:.occasion of Btrifo and contention, and "every evil work. Truo unity waa dosoribod in . theso words-Christ loved tho Ohureb, - and gave himself.. for it, I that ho might aanotlfy it by tho washing of .water by Ik i WerJ, that ho might present it to himself a glorloua Ohurob, not having spot or wrinklo or any audi thing. That waa a very comprehensivo unity, including ooti turiea pist and cinturies to como, the unity of tho Brido, the Limb's wlfo. Tho Church waa ono; but there wasdlvcraity lo unity. They might ba.soparato as the wavoa of tho son; but they woro ono aa tba blue water of tho'oocan.' Thoy woro told to mark thqm who I moko divisions, and ovoid.thom. Lot thom loavs Ibo [ brand on thoso «rho mado tho division, nnd not lix it on thoio who word endeavouring to hoal tho division, and extond tho kingdom of Christ throughout tho world. (Cheers) Thoso who used thoso opprobrious opitheta wero tho. moat soblsmatlo ot : all man. They ignored the' ordera of, two-tuirde . of ' the Oburoh of Christ., Thoy held that thero yton only two branches of tho Church, and asked, for un|oh,wltli [them. But they found that thoso Churches indtg ' nantlv, repudiated them, and treated .thom ai thoy I troatod thoir Genevan brothron. Thoy put forth prao (leal illustrations showing ono limb broken off from I tba tree whore olorioat vcatmonts woro vlslblo falling into tho flamea bonoalh. (Laughter.) ? The sceptical party, tho advanced rational Christians, in their revlews, put a question as to tho reasonableness of what the Bible Society was doing. Tkey asked, " Do you expect to take tho institutions of tho West and establish them in tho East?" Can the Ethiopian change his skin, or tho leopard his spots ? They maintained that tho idolatry of tho East based on opinions s0 old and deeply rooted could not be overthrown thus. But do these men boltove that these dark and huge systems of. idolatry are to oontluuo to the- end P ¡No, they spoke of the inter course with civilised nations, the schoolmaster, com merce, and other influences, as destined to work a great change. Somehow the Æthiopian will change his skin. 7~--:-~r-^-:-. ? ? (.'? If tho author,of that. 8noor'had,l|voa In, th«.thno« of' tho Roman emperors, he must have reversed his 'terms, and put West for East For in those days tho Christian institutions of tho East were to go to tho West But the blessings or Christian civilisation were tho fruits of, Bible knowledge. These rationalists were like Balshaz zar, who took tho vessels of the temple of Cod, and drank in them to tho praise of tho gods of silver and gold in Babylon. For these gentlemen came forward and took tho results of the Bible. There were no representatives of this great rationalistic school among the heathen. They had proofs in this report of tho adaptation of tho Bible Society to benefit tho nations. The one language of heaven might pass into the language of terrestrials. It was not so with other books. For, instance, Leigh Richmond's " Dairyman's Daughter" had boen printed inminy tongues, and might be found with the Arab on his saddlo, and oven in Turkish baroma, put thoro by eomo Christian sister ; but it was there almost inex- plicable. Tho delineations of country life wore not. understood; but thara was a narrative of ruin by sin, and redemption by Christ; and'that portion of tho hook was iatolligibta in all lsnguavosand ia all countries. Tho socrotarios wero preparad to furnish col looting onrde to tho ladies, and hopod tho work of collection would commence forthwith.' (Oheore ) 1 Tbs resolution was then carried unanimously, i Tba Rev. Br. STEBL moved the second resolution V That thia' meoting,' i in roviswing the past work of tho Now South Wales Auxiliary, expresses tho 'hope that tho committee will raaltd oarnost of ort to oxtend tho system of branoh sooleties and depots for tho salo of tho Soriptures. in .thia colony, and to increase tho amountof tho contributions in aid of the parent society." Ile said fifty yoara in theso ,days accomplished moro than Whola dynasties In tho anoiont world., When this sooioty waa.founded,' the peace ostablisbbd nt_ Waterloo bsd just given opportunities for tho prosecution of any philanthropic and Christian work, suchas had never boforo nxistod. Napoleon could sand his mossagoa no (astor than Charlemagne, or oven Sennacherib. But since that timo what groat facilities had boon givon for transmission of intelligence I It waa a' happy sign of the timos that tho first ?mossago flashod along tho lelograph that united the continents of Europe and Amertoa was oxprosaivo of the groat design of. this and all kindred sociotios-" Glory to God in' the highest j on earth p'oaoo ; good will to man.'* Solence, literature, éducation had mado immense stn Jcs sinos thon. Fifty years had done1 mach for Now South Wales. It was reported that tho illustrious predecessor of Sir lohn Young, Governor 'Macquario, when he arrived hero;''said there , wore only two classes of pooplo ihoso who had boon convicted, and those .whoought to have ' been' envicted-(a laugh) But somo of the salt of the o »rt h must have'arrived before 1817. Sydaey was thon, as now, the oentro ; but the radius, then extended only forty miles. "Now the country is known 1000 miles into the Interior. The exports and-imports each amount to tho value of é million. Thora are a thousand places of worship, OOO Sunday-schools. The speaker then' roferred'to tho completion of tho Sacred Volume', when. tho qpostlo John, in Patmoj, said in answer to tho premiso of the Lord, " Kron so como Lord Jesus.",. Buring the Inst Íialf century the Word has recei ved corroboration, oircu ation, and influence, suoh as had never been known before. Attempts 'bad boen made, from time to time, to destroy this volume; ' The written manuscript. was in too many faithful'hands, and' too many dovotod hoarte for any effort to accomplish its destruction! Now there is no'book in the world that could bo blottod out of existence ; with-.more difficulty than the book that came from heaven. Science, literary research, travel, criticism, had all advanced tho effects of those Scriptures on the mind of man. /Throughout, tho world, no other book his so much influence. A man Who desoribed himself as an atheist in Australia, had to go 15O miles, when he was awakened, in order,,to obtain a copy of the' Word of God; ' The controversy concerning the Bible was narrowing to a centre. Its' opponents admitted tho grandeur and beauty of its great biography. The Bible had done much for New South Wales. In all history the revival and reforma- tion of nations had been connocted with renowed at- tention to this holy book.', Even in some of tho .convict ships, men sent out as the offscouring of tho earth, had, through the Bible, '' dome to this colony cbildren of God/ This colony had been made a grand outpost af missionary enterprise. Through the influence of tho missionary operations'of this colony, tho Word of find had had free course in the' beautiful isles of the Pacific, until many of them outreach our own illustration of Christian life. Now. Booth .Wales ought to do much for the Biblo. In the Exhibition of 1802. there won a pyramid of gold from one of those colonies, which was an oxpreáiion of its power. If this land bo so productive what.could; it' not do, if it consecrated one-tenth of its substance, to . tho promotion of tho Redeemer's king- dom? It was time this society should rise and make every squatter's station a depot for tho Bible. Ministers who weat into tho interior should carry out Bibles in their saddle bag's. Let every man of God take some- thing' that will speak for him when he is gone. Bibles should be taken to every sheep shearing. If every man wont home with this volume in his possession, how many a' shephbrd would bo preserved from that madness which solitude produces, and from tho temp- tation to seek excitement in intemperance. Ho trusted ojt this poriod they would raiso a monumant ot .ho people's gratitude We aro commencing a new epoch m this rising country. And ai.in his native land (Scotland), when they expected a royal visit, they lighted beacon fires on hill after hill, and on seeing these the cry went forth, " The King is co¡nlan"r-BO by sending forth, Bibles, they should now raise up beacon lights to toll of tho coming of tho Divine Saviour, until they saw an expectant church awaiting his glorious appearing. (Cheers.) ; The Rev. J. E. .VJCTCII seconded tho resolution. He said he hid been roading the reports of past times. It had boen found that ia Sydnoy and the surrounding distriote, thoro wore numbera of people who could read, and who had no Bible. The results of inquiry were appalling. In most parts of tho city and country fully a quarter of those who could read were utterly; destitute bf tho Word of Life. In Liverpool district it was found that only one in twenty possessed a Bible. But there had been a gradual increase ot tho society's rosoup os and operations. Though the demand for the work of tho sooioty was so great, they werooontinaall.v complain- ing of tho apathy with whioh those who had no Bibles regardes! their efforts, j At Newcastle, the commandant had taken a special Intorost ia tho distribution of tho Biblo. " Because of his earnestness in the matter many Bibloswore sold, , Thero should be in every place some portan, or set of persons, tb inquire into the necessities of tho póoplo, and to soo to the distribution of Bibles. Evsn now large districts in tbo country aro very muoh in want. ' Wherever he (Mr. Vetch i went in the country he found pooplo willing to receive bibles. There.' was need of tho kind efforts pf noble-minded women. ? He related aa instance ot tho ohange produced in themorale of a district in'England by tho visits of a Bible .distri- butor. '. How marvellous it . would appear to ' the fpuadors bf this auxiliary if they came and saw what was now doing.' The sooiety had printed and .sent to Savage,Teland 1000 oopios of .the Bible, for whioh tboy 'had piid. They should sxort, themsolvoe much moro to advanes tba work of tbs Bible Sooioty. (Qheers.) . ' The Hov. ADAM ? THOMSON expressed, hie . deep interest' ia tho oomsion of tho present meeting. :. It waa something tobo proud of, that in.1817 tboro was sot on foot hero an auxiliary of tho Bible Sooioty. AU honour to tho Christian men of that timo.who.had tho spirit and the onorgy to sot thoir hands to tho work. It was a remarkablo coinoidsnoo :th«t. tho American Biblo Sooioty, tbo sooond in Importanoo in the world, was instituted in the samo year .as thisCeuxiliary ono of tho oldest offshoots of England, and ono of the nowost waking, up tbgáthorr>and starting simultaneously, thpugh not with oqusl-,Stope, In this groat Christian cntorpriso. Thoso who know his (Mr. Thomson's) relation to ths history of tho sooiety would not bo surprised nt.hls alluding to an evsnt whioh gavo tho greatest Impulse to' tho, circulai ion of tho Holy Soriptures-tho abolition pf " tho' Biblo monopoly la Scotland, (Hear, hoar.')*'*i-Vram* tho time of King Jamos I dpwpwarda to 1830 tho power qf printing.and soiling tho Scriptures in Scotland was confided to ono lad)vidual or firm, .to,whom thq prlvllego was granted, far a term 'of 'years from limo, to timo, by patent. The patontoo was under , no restriotloa ae to , price, or any- thing oise.. In England, tho'patentee had not. tho privilege' wholly to himsolf. Tho two universities enjoyed tho sams right. Yet on both sides of tho Tweod there was a aloso monopily, and in consequence Bibles .were sold enormously abovo .'tho price at' whioh thov oou'd havo boon mado. Th6 editions were printod with' shameful earolossness. For Ínstanos, in ono odtlidn tho King's Sprinter ' omitted the word ''not" "in odo of tho Commandments, ' An old Sootoh edition , had this . ssntonoo " the unrighte- ous ' shall' Inherit tho kingdom of Cod..1 Another oallod tho ',' four boasts'' in Rovelotlon " sour beasts/' and ono spoke' of ' the " para bl o of the vinegar." Thia oditlon was oallod the. "Vineirsr Biblo.'! (Alaugh.) Prlnolpal Loo statod, In 1801, ihat ho did not know any'book of whioh it was so ditthuitt to obtain a correct edition a* tho English Bible. Ta 1830 tho tfootoli Biblo. monopoly'was abolished. I Wdor, hoveier, to 'aeóuré'accuracy, a QoTornmen ?eward waa appointed. A roJuatloa of tho priai follows im modi atoly. BIblea that had boon sold at 8s. Od. an 6t. woro roduocd'to: lé.' I The privileged printers i ^England woro oorapalloi to ooma down to tho rJooto 'priées. Thus tho. .Bible,, from being, tho doarest an worst printod book, had baoomo' tho boat'printed an the ohaapest of all ' booka. ! (Cheers.): Tba Bibi .Sooioty in 1810 roduood tho' prloo of Bibles to ls. Od, but lost £13,000;! and wera obliged ito raise tba prie again tho next. August HI noa that, however, thoy ha. [boon ablo to róduoo tho price to 10J. for a Bible, an. '.ld. for a Toalameat. Bofore the breaking up of th Booton, monopoly, tha yearly iaauo of the-Sooioty nave roached half a million. But within a few years afiei warda, it rose to a million and a half. ( Looking on tb past,fifty 'yoare thoy oould but' oxolaim " What ' hit! God wroughtt"'"(Ohoera) .;. ,: , ''" r The resolution was'carried unanimously. .'. ;';/ " A collection WIB then made. '"-..' ,.' ; The Itov. H. L KIMO movod tho1 third resolution i " That.thia mooting, acknowledging the great useful bess of' ladies' assoalatlona' in carrying, forward,thi general objoots of tba sooioty, both at homo arid abroad would now solicit tho kind oo-oporátion of tho ladlee lt New South' Wales, in order to carry out tho proposoc objoots of, tho júbilos celebration..' . Ho said the peases alon bf a building belonging io; the sooioty would bi equal to an endowment of nearly'£200 whioh1 waa novt paid for rent j BO that thoy would be ablo to spond mon inbnoy'in .tho purchase of Bibles, and to send more liberal ''contributions to tbo parent society. (Hear, hoar.) Whero, tho Indios, took;aa' activa part,'tho aboloty waa sure to . prbspor. ; 'Ha ';conoltidod by .reading a paragraph from . ? the' sixty second 'report, bf tho 'British and' Foreign Biblo Society, to tho offset that for tho women of Eng- land and of thia country to rondar effectual aid, would fee a becoming tribute of thanks for Divino truth and tho Dauntless blessings derived from that source, for tho Bible ia the ohartor of woman's liberty. If tho nardos of wife and mothar havo boaomo audoarod to (hom, if they oro cheered by a (Toot ion in a poaceful homo, let thom novor forgot that their blossings aro due to an open Bible, (d boors.) ! Tba Kev. W. KKLTMAOB: sooonded. the resolution. Liko the celebrated . Bishop James, whon aalled up at a mooting of tho Episcopal Methodist Church in America, ha would just Bay ".Amen" to'all that had Veen spoken tooday. - He hoped thoy would act on tho rnie of a nogro mooting in tho West Indies-every ono Î'ive something, and' give'according lo hie moans, nd glvo oheerfully. (Cheers )-They wanted a volun- teer corps of.iadioe to oppose the inridious. foe within, (cheers.) "'<-... ! Mr. J. D. PANOLI? said < ho had beon requested by tho Hunter River committoo to offer thoir hearty con- gratulations to this sooioty on this auspicious occasion, and their .oordial aympathv in .tho work daua during tba last' fifty years.' At this hour bf tho moating ho would say na mora, but cordially supported th« roeo lution, (OhooM.) , Tho resolution was carriod unanimously.. . Tho ohnir being.,taken by the' Honorable Goorge Allon, Cáptala DCUABESQ movod, and tho Bev. THOMAS HASSIIX aooondod, a vote of thanks to his Excellency, which'was carried by acclamation, i Sir Jontr,Ypoaa/acknowledged tao oompllmont.* ' The Bisuor thoa proaouaood tho benediction. 