THE NEWS BY THE AVOCA. OUR LONDON LETTER. (Isa,, 1/ic Aetralvas, 55.) LofnoN, July 26. Iio?-?oN is in a chronic state of prostration and languid swellism, after, the exciting events of the month, events which in all our long history have never yet boon paralleled. We thought ourselves strong enough to resist the advances of any continental foe; but we were mistaken; for, for the first time in our lives, a foreign army has entered our city in triumph, with banners flying and drums beating, has carried everything before it, and has penetrated into the very sanctity of our' domestic homes. As if that was not enough, we have been given over to the mercies of the infidel and the Sultan, the greant Fe-fi-fo-fum of the Bosphorus having actually made himself at home in. Bucking ham-palace. Wonders will never cease; and these two events are, in sober earnest, worthy of a paragraph in English history. Prior to the arrival of the Belgians the London season had been rather fiat, partly owing to the superior attractions of Paris, partly to the absence of tile Queen in Scot land, and partly to a general distrust of how things were going on, politically and com mercially. This month, howevor, we have been gay and dissipated enough for ten seasons; and it is a pleasure to think that, notwitlhstanding our national habit of making a moss of everything and offending everybody, we hlave roused onrselves to welcoming our friends and foes with a royal magnificence that no country in the world can surpass. To keep the ball rolliIg so as to amuse and entertain our little Belgian party of three thousand or so for ten days was pretty good; but whon we had the Sultan and the Viceroy to look after as well it was rather an alarming strain on our resources. But, thank goodness, everybody put their shoulders to the wheel, the round men got into the round holes instead of the square ones, as is generally the case, and the result was an entire success. Neverthe/ less, tie whole world of society, whether in England or abroad, has received an awful blow from the death of the unfortunate Maximilian, whose cruel fate has touched both high and low. Indeed, I never remember, either in Paris or London, such a universal sorrow, as though, each person had lost a friend. It was the general homage paid to a brave and ,good man, who, although he might have made errors in judgment, stuck to his cause with that true nobleness and pluck which the world so well appreciates. Indeed the whole story, including the sorrows and calamities of the still more unfortunate Empress, reads more like a drama of the deepest pathos than an episode of real life in the nineteenth century. The blow was a terrible one in Paris, and as far as gaiety goes, gave the finishing stroke to it. The exhibition now goes on in sober business, without any of the accessories of gorgeous magnificence that kept the Parisians for weeks in a sort of delirious excitement. But I think that even Parisians were getting a little bloso; and a general clearance took place of people who wished to exchange the hot and crowded city for the seaside and baths, but who could not make up their minds to leave so much dissipation behind them. What with tie leading subjects on the month, there has been very little else to talk about. "Les braves Belges" fairly took us by storm, and turned London into a hugs Belgian hotel. And a pleasant sight it was to see tie perpetual fraternisation that took place. All thie theatres, alhambras, sing ing-halls, and casinos wore full of them; and I must say that they seemed to fall in with the rather noisy round of London amusements with the utmost readiness, and although there were now and then a few individual little hitches (for there are some nasty people who can't help being dis egrecabe under any circumstances), there seemed to be but one feeling between the English and I3elgians, and that one was expressod by the sentiment "let's liquor." And liquor they did; and if some of our frionds don't have a month's bilious head ache after the dosing they got in England they must have good digestive powers. The. city has come out nobly in both banquets to the Belgians and the Sultan. The Queen nobly played her part as the mistress of Elngland's hospitable larder, and gave such a welcome at Windsor as foreigners never had before. Miss Burdett foutts did the honoucs of a private invitation with equal liberality. Tihe Wimbledon volunteers ro ceived their fellow-riflemen with open arms. Everybody who had anything to show in the shape of exhibition, theatre, or concert, made them f'ee and welcome. The English public at large beored, lemonadod, and brandy-and-watered them ad iqnflitn e; while tiose who had no money showed thseir feelings by perpetual hand-shaking and hurrahing until they wore hoarse. The B3elgians broke down under the hurrahs sooner than we did, for on their departure down the river they gradually got hoarser and huskier, and finally had to respond in dumb show and the waving of shakoes. WVell, the visit is over, and I believe that one such does more towards universal peace than a dozen exhibitions. The Sultan has apparently enjoyed him self in England a good deal more than he did in France, which is, after all, but natural, for ipart from the death of Maxi milian, he was, as it were, on his trial, as his first appearance on the Christian stage. Moreover, the French, apart from their curiosity, have no idea of giving that hesarty, genuine, glad-to-see-you welcome which an English crowd can give, and the Porto was quite quick enough to foel and appreciate the differonce. The entertainments at the Guildhall and the India-house wore certainly tihe two finest that this country has over soon; they were oven worthey of a Sultau's presence; aced tie only official wimo seemed determined to do hiss best to pay the Sultan no lonour, bet rather to spoil all the fien, was St. Swithin, who .acted in thee most abominable and obstinate manner. Seldom hlave we had a week of worse rain and wind than thee weke in which we particularly wanted fine woa ther, and it reacheed its climax on precisely thhe occasions wehen a ray of sunseheine would hlave been a godsend, viz., at ieimbleldon and tio naval review. ]othe lBelgianse, Sel tan, and Viceroy got wet to tlie skine, and stood it like mete, as theouegle it was lepart of tie progracemee weheichm wees rather emcw thune otlmrwisro ; bhut tiee nac-vel remis-, over wheiche see sieneet £5h50,e)g0, mess sieleeiy em feliluro. Tlie Cenecuemeeer of tiee 1'aeithfal cemeust haeeme beeesnfewfully sea-sick as he bobbed up and down during his ,toaming therough the fleet; but he nevertheless expressed himself as highly delighted, and never for an instant alluded to the climate or the roughnese of the sea. It wes a most unfortunate thing, too, as tih fleet was the finest in material, though not the largest numerically, that has ever been reviowed in this country, and the manccuvring was all knocked upou the head by the fog and gale. Albeit, if it had not boon for the dissippointmentof the thousands of sightseers, there was something in accord ance with the stem, business-like look of the most powerful navy in the world and the angry Channel waves, which broke against the ships' eides in futile spray, as though conscious that the navy had the best of it. The Viceroy's honours have a little paled be fore those of the Sultan, of whom he is but a tributory, and it was feared at one time that he would have been sent to take up his quarters at an hotel, a thing of which every Eastern has a great horror. However the Earl of Dudley rescued us from this re. proach, and stepped forward in the nick of time to offer the use of Dudley House, which is one of the finest mansions in London. One can fancy what the Viceroy's amaze ment must have been at witnessing the fancy fair in the Crystal Palace. At the mildest of times the dramatic fete appears to be nothing more or less than a crowd of well-dressed people gone suddenly mad. However, the symptoms having been ex plained to him, he entered into the notion amazingly, and was a godsend to the young ladies' stalls, as he gave £50 for a pen-wiper, and ended by a donation of £500 to the Dramatic College, and an equal one towards the restoration of the Palace, so that nobody can say that tie descendant of the Pharoahs did not pay his footing. The Sultan also came out very creditably in donations, giv ing £1000 to the Crystal Palace, and £500 towards the poor of London. Apart from fashion, the great event of the month has been the Wimbledon meeting, which seems to go off better and better each year. The number of prizes is so tremendous that it is hopeless to catalogue them or the winners, save the Oueen's prize, which was carried off by Sergeant Lane of some Gloucester shire corps with a score of fifty-seven points; the International Rifle Shield, which fell to Scotland, although I strongly suspect the Irish team would have won, had its members not been Irish, and consequently quarrelled amongst themselves; and the Public Schools Shield, which was taken by Harrow, Rugby close on her heels. The camp-life, and the peculiar fun which cleaves to it, is now become such a regular occur rence as to be a matter of course, and this year it was in full force, varie'd only by an occasional water-spout. Next in importance has been the Bury St. Edmund's meeting of the Royal Agricultural Society, which, as far as machinery goes, was the largest dis play ever known. Indeed, agricultiral machinery is becoming a science, and it be hoves every country gentleman who takes to farming to include in his staff several engineers and a fitting-shop. In reaping and ploughing, the steam apparatus is marvel lous, and our great makers, such as Howard, Fowler, and 1ansomes, seem to be running a great race as to who should bring out the greatest number of implements; and so quick do these follow, that what is new this year will be out of date the next. The Viceroy, who is a great agriculturist, proved as liberal here as at the Crystal Palace, for he bought no less than forty of Howard's steam-ploughs. The show of horses, pigs, and sheep was as good as usual, but people seem to be a little satiated with horse-shows. The arrangements of the Great Eastern Railway were wonderfully good, and if this unfortunate company managed ite financial affairs as well as it did its traffic on this oc casion, it would not he where it now is viz., in chancery, from which, if it ever emerges, it will be a very lucky company indeed. This makes about the fourth com pany in actual bankruptcy, and ahout the twenty- fourth in difficulties, more or less, nearly all owing to the appointment of irre sponsible directors, who know little or* nothing of their business, and who are utterly led by the nose by the secretary, general manager, and engineer. As the necessary sqel to the London, Chatham, and Dover affair, we have Sir M?orton Pete in bank ruptcy, and, I should say, not hsfore it was time. When discrepancies of half a mil lion or so aries in the little accounts, it is time that they were looked into; and I fear that not oven tie honour of heing member for Bristol will save the cradit of the firm, which in railway matters was a sort of Overend and Gurney. The only other bankruptcy case worth mention is that of the Day, or rather of the publither of the Day, which came to grief in a very short time, notwithstanding the help of Lords Grosvenor and Elcho, and the parameunt importance of constitutional liberal princi ples. Bat for my part, I don't believe in constitutional liberalism, or any principles whatever, since the Reform Bill has passed, not only the Commons, but also the Lords. That such a bill has been passed by a con servative ministry will ever be a standing wonder, and it only remains to see tiee appli cation of it, and vatch what a pretty addi tion it will make to the House. At all events, I hope reform agitation is dead and gone for the next thirty years, for it has hin dered everything else, and set people by the ears most horribly. As a matter of course there is an enormous press of business, which will he gabbled through or seloved under the table, for the 12th is approaching, and the Commons must have their grouse. I fear me, though, thsat the session will be brought to a close before anything is settled about tie Abyssinian captives. It will be a lasting stain upon England's honour if even one of the prisoners dies, either by fair or foul means, before le have taken steps to rescue them. Tiheodore himself seems to be unable to defend his city from his neigh bours, and the time, therefore, is as prOe pitious as .can be; and surely if private pluck and enterprise cac be found to under take such a hopeless task as recovering poor Livingetone, a just government might stir itself more for the sake of a number of her subjects wheom we know, as yet, to be alive and in tie direst misery. Professor Bcesloy has been giving tie world his sentiments about thee Shoeleold outrages. I don't kenow weheat lee is professor 6f, but I should say of the science of mureor, fbr he has boon justi fyiceg tlhuet at whliee clll thee civilised world is ceyineg sHceee ; ancd whecet is worse, justifying it to aee acedhience whliche wancts very little encorergececet.nt. 'What a pity it is theatmen wheo are clever and educeated shoulhl s5 degrade thesmselves as to preach such doe trines for the sake of a little popularity, This month hls not robbed us of many celobritios by the hand of death, Lord Justice Turner, Sir iVm. Lawrence the our geon, and M?r. Scholoetold, member for Bir minglam, being all that I havo to chroeici. Sir. W. Lawrence stock to Ieis Colloge of Surgeons until the last gasp, and swas pro bably the oldest representtative of it in tIe profession. "l\ires atyOelln nloa.n, he tOb li ek p some very heretical doctrines aiid wrote a beok abioit thees, which eio grieved an ohll friend that he besouegit him not to issue it. "Plowevor, it wea too late to prevent the edi tion eoimnig out; whtereupon his frioned, in his oxcoetling anxiety, bought the whole of it up and locked it in hlil collar, not being able to mike up hil miudd to aurn it. :But tie friend is dead now, tnd the hiomls have been discovered, and I should not wondor that they wore published iifter till. Fortunately wo lre not bittes ill tibs year of grace, and can stand a toleriabily stroiig meat; so that after Coloiiso anid Essiays inud Roviows, I don't suppose that tie theories of tlte man of fifty years back would do much to demoralize us. Mlrs. Yolvorton hls turned up again in thfe Mouse of Lords in the character of Portia, except that she is advocating her own cause instead of anybody olso's. Certainly, wshetlior sie is right or wrong, her perseveraince deserves its re word, and although there is a strong hllo of romance about her, one cannqt help pitying thi hopeless litigation which it seems licr Lato to enceunter. Tlhe Lords hove hliad another knotty point to settlo in tie lreodai bano peerage, which hlas again been opposed, but settled for the second time in the present Earl's favour. Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown; and I am sure an earl who has constantly to fight for his earldom may say tie same, though I hardly think any body else would be hardy onough to attack his position. Before I quit the subject of society, I must touch upon a very delicate subject. The English medical press has beon getting very olficious, and not content with probing our insides, and warning us against eating this or that, it has begun to attack the morals of society, and in particular of the ladies. Now the Lancot says that ladies have taken most awfully to drink that they always carry a 'little brandy in their dressing-cases, or a small bottle of gin, which they say is a useful thing for cleaning toiletto ornaments and such like. The Medical Times says that the ladies havo taken to stain their faces with walnut-juico, in deference to a notion that bronze com plexions are the only complexions that a lady can possibly wear. If the Lancet is correct, why all I can say is, that we are in a bad way, even worse than when the throo bottle allowance was in vogue, for of all bad habits, that of constantly sipping is the most detestable, and the most easy to acquire. But let us hope that the hint thrown out by the Lancet will be sufficient-that the brandy-flask may be omitted from the feminine travelling equipage, and the gin discarded for benzine-collas, or something equally harmless. Now let us see what has been going on in the way of music. Nillson has established herself as first favourite, and deservedly so, if it wero only for her per formance in Martha, which, to my thinking, is her best. But the great event in operatics has been Gounod's Romeo and Juliet, which was looked forward to with the very greatest interest, considering the success of Faust. A finer subject for lyrical drama there could not be; but it is open to question whether M. Gounod has made the most of it; and although it was put on the stage in tlhe most complete manner, and was listened to by an audience well in clined, I doubt whether it will much enhance the composer's reputation. The Crystal Palace benefit concert was a wonderful suc cess, and at least twenty thousand people went to it, showing very plainly that its hold on the music-loving people is neither loose nor ephemeral. Halle has just finished his recitals of Beethoven, of which nothing fairer can be said than that Hallo played them in his best style, and as the prices of admission were low. the audiences were corresnond ingly large. There have been two novelties in music. One was the reproduction of Herr Schachner's oratorio at Exeter-hall, with the Duchess of Newcastle and Mrs. Ellicott (the Bishop of Gloucester's wife) as solo singers. Of course everybody went, not to hear the oratorio, but the new singers, who, it must be confessed, went throIugh their parts in an almost professional style. The other novelty was the performance of a voice sonata by Mr. Fowler, in- which the voice had to sustain the part usually given to a violin or flute. Toe idea was certainly unique; but it is a great question whether the human voice can sustain the interest of such a long piece as a sonata without be coming unduly monotonous, for beautiful as it is, it cannot compare with the violin in facility and variety of expression. The theatres have boon very busy and very full; but there has been nothing particularly now. or striking. Indeed the beginning of the end is only too obvious with most of them, which have advertised speedy closings for the season. The French plays are having a great run, and to those who can enter into the subtleties of French dramatic expression there can be no finer treat. Tile pieces which have been given are open to objection. For instance, Les Ideas do Madame Aubray is founded upon a very immoral phase of society, and yet it seemed to take immensely with the greater portion of the ladies, who, it is fain to be hoped, did not understand one quarter of it. Le Famillo Benoiton is coarser, and yet more proper, although I fancy that if it were translated into broad Adelphi English it would scarcely find such favour with a St. James's audience. Lord Dundreary has migrated to the Boulevards, where he is nightly amusing the English and Americans with things " which no follah can understand;" at all events, the French can't make him out a bit, and Mr. Sothern is perhaps the most incomprehensible actor that ever appeared on the Paris boards. Considering that nobody has had any time to read for the last low weeks, the amount of literature put forth is very considerable, more than one of our leading novelists hav ing delivered themselves of a now work. Trollopo has finished the Last Chronicle of Basset, for which I for one am very sorry. I shall miss Bishop Prowdio and his wife sadly. Mrs. Riddell has given us Far Above Rubies, which I don't think quite so good as the Raco for Wealth. Following the prevailing spirit of the times, sho hais written this her last work on the subject of Limited Liability, which, it is true, is one that comes to a good many people now-a-days. Miss Thomas, too, has published a nom novel, Called to Account, which those who like Mi` s Thomas will rotd with approval; and Mr. Ginsotloy Berkoloy has beeo good onough to indulgo thio litorary world with a ol61ectiori Of Aircrcdoteo of tlie Upper Ton Thoaisnlvd, rai fill oi aild tasto nld ogotiom as moot of that geotlemaniirr's writings aro. I daro say, thluighl, there aro plenty of poeplo who will swallow it ail and tlais thio writor at Iris own vahlation. Do, you want oornothinig osqaisitoly soprorifiC'? If so, roPad tli now hoens by M[r. Gilfillan ontitlord Night, anrd I will prooise you your night will Ira a good one. It is a graird work, and represeots night in nil its differont aspects, sova osir, anrd that the plrnasanitet, viz., sloopirig through tile ro'adirng of this poem. Fur tlleso who like a really glrid argrairrorrtativo wrorrk (albeit it is ori ri'chlruology), I wouid recsnnirnoied Sir Iranos Siinpsoa'rs book osi Archaclrr Sculpturo. It cortanirly is close roadiring, liit wrill repay the stRudlent, ansd tire sihtiject is so interestilnig tliirt theo techni calities of tire work will soon bo fogotten. Snreothiling in thle samn style was Professor Piazczi's Life irrid Works at tIre Groet P]yra niid, llwhich, throrigir writton iin rather a die .ointcd, speculative style, contains a groat deal of cririous information. For peoplo who are rndt equal to anytlhing beyond a monthly, two now magazines hove hoon issredl-tlho Broadway, an Anglo-Amorican prublication, lry Messrs. ioutledgo; and another by Tinrloy, clled simply Tinsley's iriragnzilne. Sirigulnrly enough, tire hitter is not issuierl to sipl)!y a long recsgrlisiOl wanit froi wthichl I iurrgrir tlst it will lay, is it is anr invrriable fact tllit mnegazirres which havo loung treei a l)llerdeslie iderleratumi are alwarys tile first to give up tire ghost. Amorngst tire liteiray criiorisities of tIre month liasve beenr the sale of Sir WValter Scott's ,ISS., whlichl fnnirlcd 2C1255 grinceas, the highest prico reinig given fur tie Lady of tire Lake ; also, that of Sir Tromnas Gryo's old boelrns, which produced £.1100. Verily in old lilting is worthi a great doel more then a now one. I slioerrhl not forget to state that thlo Life of tre Princre Consort is iidvertised, nard I anm slorr that t1re very nCaso of tie royal authoress will cause the work to tio received writh 0very respect, indiepeondenotly of thirit whrichl belongs to a great anrd good nia. I have tirieni uil so much rnoosm witi tile Sirltanir and oer other coletirities, that I have left no room for sporting rIratters. BFort naitely tllere is very little to tell, for Asoet end tire Derby are firrishred, and Goorliroird is not conimonced, and so there is an Ihirtuis iii turf matter's. D3rt theroe ais been rio hiatus in cricket, which has hIeso carried on witth tlie most rirflairgging spirit. Oxford v. (romliridgo and Eton v. iiarrow, the latter a drawn match, liavs been tire two groat mtcheos of tIre month; but there hlis beon en absence of groat scores such as chtarractor iced tire innings of Inst year, when the Greces wore so conspicrous. Tine highest score that I haev seen tins year was tlht of Mr. Lubbock, of 107, in the match between eontlemon v. Plaiyors. There has been a second sale of hridlie-parlc yearlings, thirty five of whricel fetched 12,630 guineas, or an average of 378 a piece. Tire highest price wis given for ]3rothior to Ostrogor, viz., 1500 guinoas, and I shourld not care how Iargo a firmily I hlad like him, if all the brothers sold so well. 