THE ARRIVAL. By a quarter to one o'clock, a crowd of 20,000 people had assembled round the Yarra-street pier to watch the com- ing of the Royal visitor. Such a number assembling in Geelong is altogether with- out precedent. It was, in fact, three- fifths of the entire population of the district; Geelong, and its suburbs of Newtown, Chil- well, and Ashby, numbering 23,000 souls, and the surrounding districts, including Bellerine, Barrabool, Batesford, Fyansford, and Darri- well, 12,000 souls. Not only the pier but the shore was densely packed with men and women in their gayest dresses. The ar- rangements for the spectators were both simple and effective, and were carried out to admiration by the local police and their officers, Mr. Superintendent Bookey and Mr. Inspector M'Namara and a con- tingent of 150 men from Melbourne, under Mr. Inspector Ryall. From the road, along the shore to the commencement of the pier was a wide roped passage, lined by police, and the whole of the pier itself was also kept select, an area for officials and distin- guished local celebrities. Galleries for 3,000 the accommodation, according to a low tariff fixed by the corporation, had also been greeted. These galleries were pretty well filled, mostly by ladies, who vindicated the title of the Geelong women to more than their fair share of good looks. All the galleries were draped, and innumerable flags fluttered over them, and at the sides of the pier lay moored three large wool ships, the Damascus, the Lanarkshire, and the India; their decks and crosstrees black with spectators, and their rig- ging decked with bunting. Such was the universal eagerness, that by half past twelve the company were in waiting, although the Victoria was not in sight. The children sat in their gallery, orderly, but keeping their enthusiasm up to boiling heat by cheering at nothing. Those in the other galleries had nothing to do but watch and wait. The place of bustle was the end of the pier, round a very handsome dais erected for His Royal Highness's accommodation while receiv- ing addresses. Here stood a guard of honour, composed of 100 men of the Geelong Artillery, under Major Dawson; and here fidgeted about 150 persons, members of public bodies, who had to line the pier from the stairs to the dais, and afterwards join in procession. We may here mention that, though it was part of the programme that the volunteers should line the streets as far as possible, it was found at the last mo- ment that their patriotism was scarcely equal to the occasion, and that they preferred to join in the procession as members of some or other of the friendly societies, Foresters, Odd fellows, and the like, who wore regalia. Thus double duty was imposed on the police, and the century of men required for purposes of honouring the Prince were only barely got together. The distinguished officials who took the most prominent part in the proces- sion were a long time getting into order. They were-clergymen in gowns, members of borough and shire councils, the mayor in his furred robe, and the town clerk in a black stuff gown; members of Parliament, the presiding officers of the aforementioned friendly societies, head firemen, and others in- distinguishable. Not the least remarkable was the last monarch of the Dandenong tribe of aboriginals. King Jerry, dressed for once quite respectably in a new suit of clothes fresh from the peg, shoes and socks on his feet, a rosette and medal on his breast, and a rifle- man's badge on his arm. He was to have pre- sented an address and a volume of Dr. Brace's work on the aboriginal languages, and swaggered about for hours on the strength of his future interview with the Prince; but alas! when the time came King Jerry was away, and the two scions of a royal race never met. But perhaps the most noticeable man on the pier was Mr. Morris, the marshal of the proceedings, who wore a cos- tume devised in taste so curious as to be deserving of description. He wore a postilion's cap, a laced jumper with shoulder cords like a policeman, and trouser-stripes like a circus ring-master, and a military scarf; and he carried a polished blackwood trun- cheon, as big as that of Hamlet's father's ghost. On the shore above the pier, which rose in natural terraces, thousands were col- lected, and the tout ensemble was one which those who know Geelong in its ordinary aspects would never deem possible. Sea- ward, the beautiful bay was unspotted, except by small boats; and the s.s. Salamander, which, like the other vessels mentioned, was waiting for wool, lay with a few flags floating from her rigging. While expectation thus ran high the time passed easily, the only drawback to pleasure being the occasional squalls of fierce and dust laden wind. At ten minutes to one o'clock smoke was seen in the sea-distance, and the Victoria was soon made out. As her boilers are old, she did not dare to steam very fast, but in the fulness of time she came fully into sight when up went the Royal Standard to the main, and the Prince's ensign to her peak. Then the bustle on shore in- creased, and the marshal began to get the people into place. This he did cleverly, having some real aptitude for the work, and at a few minutes before two o'clock two lines of Geelong celebrities lined the path of cocoa- nut fibre matting laid from the stairs to the dais, the matting, however, being continued as far as the point to which the carriages would be brought. By that time the Victoria had steamed to within 100 yards of the pier head, and cast anchor. In two minutes her yards were manned, her pinnace and launch lowered and manned, and as the Prince de- scended the side to take his seat in the stern of the former the Corio battery thundered out a salute. This was answered by the Vic- toria, and the boats were lost in smoke. The launch soon reached the pier, and as she did so the cheers began, and increased, till the shore reverberated with the noise of the hurrahs. The Prince and the Governor, both in xboming costume, were the first to land, and they were followed by the Prince's suite, including Lord Newry, the Hon. Elliot Yorke, Mr. Haig, and Mr. Brierly: His Excellency's suite including Mr. Manners Sutton, his private secretary, and Lieutenant Rothwell, his aide-de-camp: Mr. Verdon, C.B., Captain MacMahon, Colonel Anderson, Lieutenant-Colonel Rede, Com- mander Norman, of H.M.C.S.S. Victoria, and others. The Royal party were met immedi- ately on landing by Mr. R. de Bruce John- stone, mayor of Geelong, who conducted them to the dais, to which His Royal Highness was welcomed by repeated cheers, waving of ladies' handkerchiefs, and the shrill cries of children. On his taking his place, the mayor and town clerk (Mr. J. Weire) approached him, and the latter read an address. The Prince received the address, which was very beautifully engrossed, and promised to forward a reply. He then also received the following addresses:- From the Freemasons, presented by Mr. Harwood. From the Friendly Societies, presented by Mr. Christie. From the Jewish residents, by Mr. Leon. From the Volunteer Fire Brigades, by Mr.; Knight. The Hon. Mr Sladen also presented an ad- dress from the ladies of Geelong, begging that the Galatea might be brought to Corio Bay; but the Prince replied verbally that, while thanking tbe ladies for their kind wishes, he could not take the responsibility of moving his ship from her moorings. Replies were promised to the other ad- The formal ceremony then concluded, and the Prince walked up the line, while the children sang the National Anthem, horribly out of tune. Passing through a handsome arch of evergreens, inscribed "Welcome to Geelong," he entered his car- riage, which was escorted by a troop of Gee- long Light Horse, under Captain Curle. 