LANCASHIRE SKETCHES. No. in ARUM O FLUPS' CURTIN AND WEDDING. e, WRITTEN BY AB HISSEL. EH yo folk, yo should be sooner us last Mon dr morn when or Alice an me was wed at Smobridge Church. Iv everything was such fun such Kaighin, and Rich talkin, an inch watching, an dancing, and fiddling, sin Jane, at Back o' Barn's pig killing, and has done. Aw below at passen- vessel was as nee ticket as could be when he see us both, dead as was worn mind ye, walked straight up into that church an leaking at tone other as if we could o likes put tone other e tone others pockets. As was some plant, aw was an so would you of bin in your bin shoes, but that a deal of folk along east 9th gate when they wanted, same as policemen, No away you knows out about Smobridgo you must know this, at its a place at was made before word was made, for aw yard that said so my own ears at Jim Midgley's, at Bull, an that s of place where folk meeting of purpose it talk about Lord John Darby-Doea-rajli. An as aw our fellow you, mobridge been made before the' wind was made, Jim himself told me at Bull was made before Smobridge was made, an at ho's sin picture where 'th Bull's proppin th' wild up Same as at Bull's Run e Marika. Heawever yoU squeeze me for alluding to things stand out to do so what away written about. , Eh my what nice newly sawn Alice has, you folk can sich con.' But you must come at ha your baggin wi UB. Hoos a graded unless a coppers you must come an BCO for yourself, and win he was mounting an butter, and olives and radishes, and a crowd of tobacco. Aw can tell year Alice crinoline gent crushed, beneath a win comin. froth churches after. EH you should of yard in just at that time when 'a ring was gan mi ith church, an't passen- war goes on to his task. " Whatman e do weet," aw says by men did I, am and keen forgotten because if a chap dozens keep getting wed he cannot be expected to remember every part of the performance, can he? Hut away like getting Ruth and of mi tale before aw begin on't. Meaw aw Hurrah like Robinson Bob's at goes word before he quoted, for aw had to quort both poet and day, as saying is, before hood give her mind to be mi. Well you seen it begun of this fashion. Its about nine months or so sin mi first wife dead, and one day Alice room of seem here as boo leo ill, an when Alice come down steers boo looks in fair ith face an said You woman connah get better. They must stay care of this set Abrum for away went the when hooB swear," Well, we had saying that on soon as hood so much pity on mi, aw goes as told by her of of went as over a mauve war of its mother. An when and horrid wife on the' Friday before washboards Sunday, an hour, trouble to an mind like, a want of quorum Alice on th' Month, an hour says to me, how Bays " Abrum, aw cousins like this be a widow thing for it must be very lonesome for the." An then he looks at an wi those pretty cen ov hours till an hart jumps for joy of an inside, same as a porter in a pony. What did you do after this, he rang off to Hollinoth, and their aw goes in likeness town for a pint of ale, at home no sooner see it nor has says " Its week done Abrum," boo says, but its I can have as pretty as thee." " Wiltah ha mo, Alice," aw says, "He that? I boo soz, " high, if the winner another man ith [ wild, but these men give ear wearing clogs on a Sunday, or heavy come think of walking with an mo wi mi crinoline on " Well aw promist hair and do away or wear away to play her, an it was settled there and then at will be wed root off, an aw goot th' skins put up at Smobridgo Church beat more ado. An hon gent so fond of mi at has never in west comin o seen in of Friday meets an Saturday, when two drawn in wage, an aw made her rare nice bagging, for aw lives in a hearse by mysel at Wcudle younger wid potatos an roasted mutton an o sorts of good things, an hour said he I couldn't tell how it was, but too ones like an best on Fridays an Setturdis. Neow aw couldn't tell her that way myself, for aw like Alice in it was ith middle oth weak when it comes to parents as well as when it was beef stakes. An speaking of porritch brings it of an yea at on th' Wednsday next before th' Mondi as we were to be wed her room of seen in, an th' post war oth foyer for mi porritch, so heavy selling, has set to work at making um. "Theatre has some grade portion tender, Abram." he said, and how great howe oth slice, and kept stirred up reasons in his left hand left road ahead, and when the war well. done, , who should come in but saw James-that's sawn James at work to be mon at wedding. So he gave me also an extra stir up a bit, and as luck feet, aw stirred up just author road about fro whot hood his doom. Well, you should o seen how he flew up. My ! but so far made in jump open. Hoo I solicit slice east of my hand in a crack, an left a a handful of soda porritch sticks to my fingers. "What areas down,, the grey t Btayrin, too," a hoe showered. " Duz to be see at heart or makes th' porritch as fast as ave bin making up, we turned um 't wrong road ahead. What ! wed a cause they like thee, at hand senses may his own portion. Never!" he said, an away he flowers east oth heaven like a wet pay off a backstop. Well, as there are many a deed of a broken a heart theer an then, an aw should of done in aw had had sense to however it went up in a extra lot a portion. Away he went with church an towd um 't stop th' exists, an that was the' first time at sea put wedding off, but it cannot last, as your yer. Heawever, aw went to the hearse, an hon towd mi he couldn't like me just then, but too short he could like an open Lord Friday or Setturdi, and by men he was as good as her word, for when and drawn my wage, an gan our Summary for herself, and had had a grade. good bargain and supper t' gether, he said this was not a more O England at war prettier, nor at her liked better nor me. . Well, on the very next Sunday as a war goods to their lease, at Low Hill, just by Littlowood Mill yonder, who should sweet on to' Alice goods with churches her crinoline bread cart till it took up O the' cosey, an her hewer smoothed and kind till it shines like a crow's back, an hour bonnet on, at ribbons in, and rec 'weavers, prettier nor any ats e Shore garden. Aw those aware see out leeks handsome e in days. But how whisk him beawt'speyken a word, so as strode on after him, for aw shows how could'nt o seen me but however ! hood Bin me, an ow had to lay in clogs drawn some fast to catch him. " Alice," aw said, awm comes of seen the. sun a great church with " " Gwo theo whom, these great goblin," has says: "who brings this after me, champion writes heavy dogs on a Sunday ? " An boo skinned at an an neck hurt yed up as iv and bin sink dust. Days of me ! aw says ; ' done shows the ? Leak at mi,' aw says ; " forgive west an, an shoot am, an don't my best jacket and sought. An Guzman son at away in clogs blackballed an O ? aw Boys. "Theawgroyt searching," boo says, "heavy contain think most of sin with ease at our wi those things of the feet, an me don't of this is Awd refer thread comes barfoot, like a gonner ast art," an away he floawnst, an left in staying ith street like a stick up. We that, aw took off whom open, but more so stopping aw hardly know how aw get them, an on th' Friday next at after just as and often when we in wage an stuff at and in buying in, wheat should come popped in at our" to Alice. Hoo man of his race in fond of me after O, manner has, for too good a cheer up with fever, when hood turned key ith dur, sayin same time. " Thurs O in near at main camp in. West he nobody comes of hear that up, About, win we, may have ? " boo says. An hood pood off her shoes an warms her foot at foyar whom this may t an pottaytuB was doing, an when wid enjoyed horses in a grade good says, he says : " Abrum, their usual a most ith wild at aw like same as these," an when and sent her a shilling 'to buy summit in, boot and " Win by wed one day at the s of mind As, an them in put th' wins in open ith morn is a will." Well, aw shows nevermore was so set up before, seen him so fond on mi open an aw got the' skins put upon war as plant O day at my work as a child with' a rattle. It woman long after that that we went to Rachel t' gether, an aw gave him a shining to give o buying a good ring, whol aw went to Sagor's vault, and goes so much to sup, become aw was so overjoyed at shows oth wedding, at costly war to narrow for mi and when aw left on her at after, the town in hood forgotten O abeawt ring, till hood bowl a pair of stockings with stealing, an then he bestows hair on it 6 in a minute. Everything went well till the' second day at wid agreed to be wed on Hurrah far off, an hour kept corn on mi test Friday and Sotturdi, an wid'n warm mouths to us bagging, an hour as comfortable as two folk could be. It was agreed at aw should lay the' key for him at Green Mon, wheel hoe want of clean the' houses. An then cook the' Sunday before the' wedding day, an th' folk at Green Mon got up at two o'clock at corner to get th' chamber ready to have th' dancing in, an th' brides maid an th' mon was ready, an after 0, whatever did you think ? Hood as he was then. And don't mi of an best, you seen on Monday morn, an away on mi to those heaps ready for 't take her to church, but had no sooner set foot inside 'a hearse north' mothers rowd in sweet gives whose ages ; and Alice said he likes 'it is wool one of of Friday and Saturday, an when new war east by her feet, but saw no sooner come in his seat but he mostly gay o'er thinkin of being well. Well, aw flood drawn in a cheer, on their sweet of one log o'er mother Bmookin on think in mi hardest, and we mi yed hanging down, in cap fell on each floor. " Eh, the w grey soft heart," ooo cold east, who has been poor this hour e that fashion an hon coop and run her fingers through it, an held in yed upshot here looks in straightness face. " Tay this hour, an road, it " he says and aw deem'd it so at home could see it grade. When, these can cause, then lets folks do just as they of mind was the," hero says. "Ay, aware aw said, crew shouldn't a letter then do who, thaw has done. An as for mi hear, it was cut gradely, but a great Bizzare and cut it a bit shorter myself for Botty-o-Binns, and Will-ov-Owd Ann's towd mi it was so long you not too to knots." "Aw would of letter it oboe till the' wedding was over," the says. "Mon, those should he had it out an brushed an homed an parted, in a pick down the' back, same as other chaps an beside, what tartan comes of Rich of work as that of being used in, when their own have had a rare double rolled up, in a double breast, an double back, an double pockets, as a double row of buttons, on thin thread o looks summit like. Austria is that no price near. Duztah think at away bearing walk into yon church is a folly as short a button, day at hand his hair parted in a sick drawn t' middle ? Neauw, Abrum ; thee keep thy name, an owl keep mine. A Jinnah think of being lode Alice-ol-Flups' to day. So they may off with Lord Woudle as soon as the likes. Well, we did as aw was told to do, and went in way Lord Woudle, at every stride at aw took aw kept wishing to mysel at and known sooner at Alice would of green with a bein wed in awe Hobart had an hear brushed and parted in a sick drawn back, for and of done away 5th well to plan Alice, that he would, even in hood wanted in yed nickel an parties are o'er. As aw was wondering in road where a lot of Charley-o-Bauves, and seeing in so drawn ith meawth, he like gave me a bit of comfort we follow mi at aw was a gradely foe to be running after a woman at cared one straw about mi. " Mon," he says, a we ever done as well be waiting whole things room reason of himself as be running after us. In they'll stay notes," he says " they'll see at folk may a d'yer o useless labour e this wild. Thea may see childer cobbin Sticks or stones at a apple tree, on a third robber wait th' apples and fo off of himself an heads yard of soldiers going to war an killin folk away they'd Hobart let folk once laid deep of himself an three scores of young fellows at run starts after the trenches, when it they'd Hobart carry wheat th' watches and run after them. Now, a knew a man at war making a deal of labour on a piece of land at an grow thought show how he toyed with' it. So as to the men he should plant it is' torneys, for they'll thrive anywhere, or size, in he'd let fond hope, that come an plant himself, and by men, maw words came true, for it turned long before the' land was sown, and a fine crop of torney e 1 fine houses sprung up, for somebody, with land lying idle, the shaft to plant those on it, an O th' weeding and rain ith wild cousins shifting off it. An heavy, Abram in the wit shoot t' find food, they'll give whom an tarry there, an be no more labourer th' wench, for school be same as th' tourneys, hool comoovhurBel on plant horses drawn aside on thee, an tak O at thaw has quite soon enoof, they'll see." " Charley," aw said, a we rowd her money a time of it hool wed mi, he may have O at too wants in the wilds want summer has contest have, so that's just what he does want, food says, an hour should have, aw towed her in aw could get it but, if it wear evenly a great" finish to every day, an new ribbons and flowers e her bonnet every Sunday." So when aw said that, aw went on changed in blows, and then went to my work at Potteries vendor as he thought was, an Irish cook round as usual, an aw bows in, an went whom an gets a nice begin on the' table, an aged hardly getting the first seaweed drawn, when Alice come in again an bore put her arm round my neck, and gave her a busy boat away, and said, he was so fond on mi after O, at hood have in this time whether he would or not. Well, are so plenty aw could of jumps o'er the' moon for joy. Aw minded mi workmate O next wik,for aw shown here will be in this turn shuzheaw, an next Friday at noon aw went of seem Alice for wonst, thinkin of having in again win her, as soon as an goes in an told her what had come for, he said, " They most be no wit," has said, " to think at sum body like me, was a little went on her own to keep, con shop bagging for that great king care of this ? " Heawever, aw kept measures there for a bit, gleamed at th' oon Royton near an open, an sniffing at an nose to smell it there was awt savoury about, to' aw could see nought, nor smell bought, an Alice stirred mean to shop in ought an then as rubbed noses with child, at as it is in aid come of living in mi, Thinking to get thick or beneath children mother, but no bagging room. However, Alice told me it and gave whom hood soon be after an, an hood Bhap mi summat worth heating, for hot likely in too wool, he said, not to set Bummat afore my at aw could boys at a rakish. So aw wont my way, thinking heaw Irwin too wet to want mi to boys of the' best, as what a wife hood may mi. Awd hardly gotten ith house, when Mary Burns an Will-ov-Owd-Ann's room in, an this town mi at Alice was moving a goodly Tommy on mi, an at it was in brass an stuff at too wanted, and noon of me, " As soon as he comes, there must serve him same as boo serve those ; send her back boat bagging, an they'll see," they said. Well, and have thought of that before, never. "By will I," now says, and as soon as he comes, "It's my turn now," aw says. "There may goes back, Alice, same as those room, for once." And some collops worry as long as a pair of gallopers down at the' Royal, on her looks, first at um, an then at me, as thou ; " Man of has bought we the," boot Bays? "Nauw, Alice, boats about bin moving a Tommy on mi, an aw manners be made a fool on no longer. Sooner heart east of an soon as bottom," aw says. Words was no sooner saw nor aw wished and bin born beat long before and spoken so. Alice flung herself into a cheer, an boo Strike's an stretch horse cart, and rolled fair earth floor, and love those we had our shut like some body at work in a death swearing. " Awvo broken her heart ! Awvo kiU'dhur " aw cold east, an as luck feet, Owd John, ate a a sort of a saw doctor, happens to come in that minute, as he got hold of her bonds, an look of her face, an then he said to me, His the dawn to dawn heavy, a toll Betty to give the that block bottle cart oth rubber' cannot be a minute a goods. What's good for a year must be good for other folk for war O flesh and blood," he said. " Is there any danger," aw says. " Danger ! Veigh," said th' knew doctor. " This danger at iv those which very sharp, school by root before she gets book." " Tull hur boot may have had bogged in the," said Will-ov-Owd-Ann's, " an they'll bring her round in a crack." " Eight of the' small 6th heavy trench author," said Mary. "EE, in the will but open shoes come shine once more, Alice," aw says, " theatre has caught ith wild at aw can get the." Awd no sooner spoken nor has oppunt thooB pretty son of ours, an up here jumpt, same as a cricket, an he said, smiling at me O time, " Eh, Abram." too said, " aw In the BO wool at a cross word from thee and be in doth. Contah below in means at their sin it? " An boot set kettle on the' foyer at war Bulgin on the' bar. Thurs thought So doth our port thee and me, mate went, from this mining,'' aw says, an aw diet hut e in arms, and gave her a sandwich at cracks like a whip, an fathers went out and left us, an we greet us bagging, an aw told him and believe nobody open show what the said open her. Awst soon be' done tells you o'er or quorum near. Hoo never miss of coming on a Friday, we wear as comfortable as two turkey loves, an aw went we had a gathering paysheet docks, an daisys, an buttercups, an end 'a little wench on us", on we known us drawn ith fields, an what we sat there, too like goes into a deep study O at worst. " What may that be so quiet O in a minute, Alice ? " aw said. " Awm thinkin, Abrum," hoe says, " at iv aw was to wed the, an the way to see, who's aw should wed next, for the usual another like thee, is the, Abrum ? " That was grade. have, turned it And so things went on till the' skins and worry run out for third time. However, every thing was settled 'at an end to end next Mundi at our coming, in one day each week before, aw gave him a shining to loose her dress fro marking, to be wed in. A beautiful purple on white paid up it was, done over a nice holiday at aw connah tell youth name on. Awd bowl in for the wood as far as mi brassard stretch, away aw hands feet of Charley- gRaves, aw should evenly o sowed th' frying pan to raise more. " What tartan season sell the frying pan for Abrams" he said. "Aw want to raise brass for summat moor to put in it, or any part noon with pon," aw says. The w great sweep yed," he says, what moor contain put about when they parted with port " Symon aw says, " aware shows of that before," an aw task upon intuth hearse open, an kept it. At hut room th' joyful Sund afore th' wedding day. Aw don't myself e my best kiewa, an away on mi to their heads as happy as ever man was ith wild, an aw that and never, sin are wide, seen ought at least have so pretty OF Alice did in her nice purple and paid dress, an hour hear smoothly till it shone like subject, an hour even as great as a looking-glass. " Awm corn, Alice, then sees," aw says, an aw cast myself down in a cheer, an aw smile 't at her we O mi might. "Aw see thou "art, Abrum," boo says, " but aw dinner know of this army body here at wants the, Abrum." Aw start at 9 the' son e mi yed. " Not want an, Alice," aw says. "Now," how say8,,"bocoso, thou aces, awve 1 been thinking at Little take deal of stuff to food of grey hungry belly like those, Abrum, an at this winnall be much left for me an ave bin thinkin at if they should do, should he sought, to levy mi to got a new urban wi ; au moor nor that, aw bin thinking and stowed them, away name hath' chance of wedding another, as and liked do, for those looks likely 'to be a lung while appo my hands, Abrams" "An, beside, Abrum," boo says, awhile thinking at heart SO long, little say no end of loth to may the breathes, an against a wind keen side to may that a pair of shoes, away the flowers costs SO such, has come expect to get away for my own book on Abrum, aw connah Bay at aw like looks on these wool, an to and O up, and determined at all severely cold Abrum o Flups' wife as long as a live, and so they in tay hissed off lord whom open as soon as he likes, Abram." Did ever man of this would have such luck in his quarter ? Aw look at him, an seat in yed as we are bearing sort O the' hour off it. Boawt saying another word, I up and off we mi whom, an road missol as full of meat as he could bowd, four of mi bert brother of my inside in an didna prop it wool up, an award BO down root trouble of an mind at aw went to bed the or an than, an hour soon as sound asleep as a brother. When aw wasn't ith mornin,,ittur time 'to give to an work, so down the' lane a went an hour soon at the' Potteries, an agate, but eyes time at aw those of Alice, work went a deal harder wi minor it runs down, an oTthowt add ray there but" goods an hour with church nor toilet the or Aw had a bin lung gate, before Bill-o-Martin's room full but, of telling mi at aw must come of both well that very morning, for third gotten Alice ith mind, an iv aw Hurrah sharp hoe might change it again. He took mi to those hoarse root off, on their aw washed in, an th' wife fund mi a keen shirt an help 't don me, an one fund in a pair of breeches, another a sweet, on another a wicket, as sure soon ready but a pair of sheep. This run of borrowing from one roosters to another till this war soon as money shoon ith hoarse as we do to set up shop as, he' then turned a pair it lot of nice green appo my foot. At last somebody went to her Jammys, and good his, an they are filled from top to too, an away win room to Low Hill, where Alice was getting her ready, an th' woman aboard was deakin hur east Uko cwt. One lent her a shawl, on another an armored, an sum body also a grand borne, an th' bridoBmoid, an th' men, in every thing was ready in a twinkled. Oh" we got, linkin arrive arm, to Smo- bridge Church. But before we tell you how we went on there, a man tell you how th' Roeburn abreast and shape it to got Alice ith mind to be so. If it hadn't bin for a fiddle, aw should never of getting Alice ith wild. He was fair fiddles into wedding am, that hour was, an away like 'a sound of a fiddle with end of my days, that we shall be and tell yo 0 about it. This nobody London on a bit of a spree thon Oharloy-o-Rauvos, and this won him an a rook moor swear that hath' wedding drink in that morning, she what come out. Charley an Joo Martin, an aw connah tell you' how many more, as a lot of women, quite early the morning, went of trying 'to persuade hurt' by word, but after one use, O at Hit could say. Hood weather be martinet nor rubbing into wedded me, he said, so about 7 o'clock, just as he was ready to give to her work at factory, who should come up the lane be' Tom Belilold, playin his fiddle, an Oharloy-o- RauvoB and Billy-o-Rauvos, Tom oth-Grindora an Owd carry with him, laughing, dancing, an playin 0 make a antics, whol O the' isobars war was watched the' sport. As soon as the good opposite Alice's due, the gates of dancing like gud was, an Tom fiddled away with the "ov " haste to the wedding." Bobo Boss's ed but b borrown't Prayer-book fro Jook-ov-Owd Ann's, and this town but if he wouldn't swear church hoe must be wed them, away he would be won their third fiddle in dance for her O the road to the factory, An thou Alice says to her mother, " mother, what would you do P Would you be well if you were me ? Wed ay marry! that would I," said th' mother ; *' Why worry, and of gone there for an wether sooner than a mist bavin thy father. And of swum' cross Hollinoth iv aw could of getting at him no road else." At last fiddle, are worth mother said, worth day for good an C ; aw was sent for from work, an Alice gets ready OF ever told you, what th' Fiddler an th' dancers went back to Owd Abrum's at Slip, to see after wedding ale. There was some sort of folks watches as his wont each church, an Alice howled him yod down till we got truth dur, draw thought and never seen awt prettier nor too wet that very minute. Money of one said at church door was not wide ence to let him an me in worth at least, an at it and be no wonder after O ; but however, your yer. In west, an as soon as we got in Billy-o-Rauvcs says, "heart O root now, old men, passed- all may hurt 'a bit wed, now at their has her ith church," as we that are linked his arm faster o mine nor ever, fear lest hood gro must slip and we walks feet up the' church, till we come to cheer th' passen- weir waited on us was a book of his bond, an aw nodded at him an made him my;, best manners, whol aw kept smiling and could hardly howd fro lights, are so short. There was some stock of folk theory, at an comes a purpose 'to see Alice an mo wed, every one on um Jewkes as plant BB aw was myself, an then passed- begun of reading summut east by a book at a bad, but aw connah say at aw could make laws gravely what it was O heart, for you seen the axe in whether aw knows of only impedi- ment, why we shouldn't be lawfully joined together. Well, go seen, away a man stole likes Bpekin truth, so aw says, " Yigh, owes a impediment c in speech," aw says, boss, you known, as start of began a war brownette told him at aw hoped he would stop the' wedding for that, when he least at an quite serious as it and in doing Bum mat wrong, he' then a honest men should tell truth, shouldn't he, folk ? An then he sat in iv and have that woman for mi wife, so aw nodded in yed for aw shows a wouldna offend him or Bpeykin open, an aw whispers to Billy, at war the man, to tell him at and have him if he hadn't a rag to her back, " an tell him Billy," aw says, " at lies cold Alice, for ho one's hair a woman, then years, an away happen be wed to some other woman inBtid of Alice, iv of tunnel level east," "heart O rest," says Billy, "Then must say, I will " an so aw did, reet hearty an easy lead, and then the passen- at Alice iv hood has me, an hour said, sigh, he would, an by men in my heart didna jump fair in 't my throat when aw yard that. Well, then we had to take howe on hands, and as luck loot, how great howl of Alice loft bond instead of hair root. An aw went round to 't either side of him, and that war foot wrong open, by gum, won it, on a war as nee unwedded myself again, before a war gladly word, as ever man was ith wild. "Eli, those grey obtain yod," boo whisper, as fast as he weds the, heart unwedded thyself, mon. Just for O the' wild," hop says, " like -unmasking th' portion wi starring um wrong road about, three keeps unwedded those by doing things wrong road about." Well, there we stood, howe of tone authors root hands, an passen- begun o reading, an ho towd mi at aw must say same as he said, but shuzhcaw awarded a double lap my lung reasons it words same as him, an aw get fair stuck fast ith middle on 'a ; so aw turned mi to Bills-o-Rauvos, au says, Billy, heart a better scholar than me. They say it for mi, with, an all abide by the' bargain ? " Then must do thrown work," Billy says, an then I yard th' person say summut escape taking Alice for better on warm. "Hoo connah by way to catch nor heat has bin," aw says. " but and change it, for a better woman never breath 't." "Well, a wet towel then to give Alice th' ring, an ow did do, think, you known, of hood put it on her finger burst, on so may and 5th job. said of that, Bumbody laid ring on th' book, on in a bit passen- gave it in book, an aw task it and look at it foot hard, wondering if there was caught wrong but. " What man of do wont P " aw says, for yo sin its SO long sin are wed store, at aware that we in job, an as an said at first, a man at Guzman keep getting wood connah be expected to remember Oytcht thing at brings out. However, as soon as aw known at aw war to put that ring onto. Alice finger, a wont it on in a crook, an aw thrust it down hard and fast to my share at aw had her gladly word, on by men, th' job was done. An when wid knock us down a bit as getting th' season's blessing, at aw hope will stick to us to or doors day, Billy-o-Rauvos, at war th' mon at wedding, was to sharp for mi to have. Drat little folly, who didna got first case of Alice ith church, door an idea that very minute. Well, east wi room, an such a show as this gave us when we got onward ye never yard sin your bom. " Pay him off now for what he's done at the, Abram," said a rook of BOVRIL folk. " Aw couldn't find of my heart to hurt her, name, not her little finger," aw says. "Sheawt," aw says, " an come an Bup oth weddin all, on drink success to " Abrum-o-Fiups an Alice for away as fast well as over it was obeyed ith Shafts." " Noaw, Abrum," Alice says, " almost as soon as wid getting east oth church, " Awvo o bargain to move with ThosE made one on me, an fair's fair. Furst children at wi han," he says, " must be persons of this fashion, you the. First must be sold Mary Alice, thou knows ; well, next must be Abrum James ; next must be Betty Hannah; next after must be John Tommus an hour after that must be cold " Gold whot," aw says, '. Alice. Whatever each thinking about, women P West never be able to keep the' house of those." " Keep up ! Yigh ! Is the golden two games apiece, they'll be able to keep thirsts, the great mountain. Mary Alico-o-Abrum-o-Alioo-o Slips all have a sound who it, men." " Thomas moor wit nor any woman with wild, Alice," aw says. " It's a bargain, in wool." Down book we come to owd Abrum Kor show's. Joe Martin and Best boats of ringing mining we good east oth church. Fiddle was going at Abrum's, an clogs and a platform, an old folk of eighty on young uns of tons was dancing an joking of honor of Abrum-o-Flup'B wedding. Mr tales done now, but now must tell you this, at aw bin word now well. a month, on or Alice an me are as comfortable as two can be. Hoos 't beRt wife of England. " Best of cows hardest to catch," Charloy-o-Rauvos says. A fiddles next sweetest thing to a woman's lung," he says, an aw believe him, for if it hadn't bin for Tom Bolflold fiddle, a must have a word Alice. " SUMMER IS COMING. Summer is coming," said a little girl, holding up a yellow pansy be tween her fingers. "Then the grass will be green, and the lambs will be on it, and the birds will sing, the rose will blow, and I shall go into the country, and there will be no policeman there to tell me to get off the grass.'" "Summer is coming," said the poor invalid, who was propped up by pillows at the window, to look at the clouds and see the swallows flit past. "How full everything is of life, and I so weak ! Everything also so glad, and I so faint- hearted. These little birds will sing just as they do now, when I am dead. The clouds will sail by just as severely. It is selfish to wish it were not so, and yet to be forgotten !" " Summer is coming." Now, girls, you must plan your dresses for a seaside excursion. Your papa positively declares he won't take UB abroad, but if your husbands prove to be rich, you can go anywhere you choose, you know, after the wedding. " Summer is coming. Well, it don't matter to me," said a tired working girl. "It has nothing for me but the din of machinery, and hot pavements, and bad smelling gutters, and a stifled attic, I can't keep clean, and live in these poor places; and I can't respect myself, or believe that others respecting when I look so shabby. It hurts me. It makes me cross and savage. I am only eighteen, and I feel so old ; on ! I want my youth." " Summer is coming. To-morrow is my wedding-day. Who Boys this is a dull world ?' Dull P with love and beauty for my portion, and plenty of money, and every- body praising me and trying to give me pleasure ? What do people mean when they say this is a dull world P I only hope the other is half so pleasant. I am satisfied enough with this." "Summer is coming. And last summer she was here! How fond she was of the violets and how their perfume brings back her graceful golden head, the soft light of her blue eyes, the graceful sweep of her figure the mu tie, of her laugh ; the dear gliding presence, which touched everything with beauty. I could endure the lack of it, were it always winter. But that these dumb things should irradiate earth when she is dust ! should fill it with joy and music and perfume, and she deaf and blind to it all ! she who so rejoiced in every leaf, and bud, and blossom ? Oh, how can I be glad that summer has come ?' " " Summer has come." " Move out my chair into the sunshine," said a white-haired old man. " How warm it makes me. It seems such a short while since I chased the butterflies and covered them with my little torn hat. I remember most about those days, and the bird nesting, too. All, well, there's no winter where I am going, and ne old age. I should like to die when the summer has come.' " " Summer has come," muttered the convict, in his narrow cell. " One more week is all the law allows me of life. So it don't matter. I wonder when a man fetches up at last under the gallows, if it will be remembered in another world that he was taught, when a child, nothing but to lie and steal in this P I wonder law makers and philanthropists never think that it would be cheaper to pick children out of the streets, and teach them to be good and virtuous, than to build gaols and penitentiaries and gibbets to punish them when they grow up ? Where shall I go this summer and will there be mercy there FANS. EVEN, FEIGNED DISEASES. Human nature is some what given to playing the old soldier." Charity is bestowed every day upon blind men who can see, cripples who can dance, mutes who can talk, and feeble invalids capable of shouldering and walking off with a quarter of beef should a favorable opportunity presents itself. This species of humbug is not, however, confined to any particular bank or phase of life. It has always pervaded, to a certain extent, all classes of society, and has been practised for a great variety of purposes. Ulysses, having married a pretty young woman, about the time of the commencement of the Trojan war, feigned madness to avoid being" drafted" for that enterprise ; the order Brutus played idiot for political purposes and -"Hotspurs father, old Northumberland, Lay crafty sick," when he ought to have been on the field of Shrewsbury Columns might be filled with the names of distinguished people, indifferent ages, who have counterfeited various maladies in order to escape their legitimate responsibilities, or to carry out some special design. Nor is this kind of trickery likely to go out of fashion until the millennium shall have ushered in the reign of Sincerity on Earth. Even the ladies are not altogether exempt from it inasmuch as some of them can sham headache, hystorioB, fainting fits and other sympathy-provoking oil mounts at the shortest notice, when occasion requires. Murderers and assassins, when detected, frequently resort to feigned disease as a means of cheating the halter their specialty being insanity. Fortunately, medical science can distinguish between the lunacy which is the visitation of God and its 'scape gallows counterfeit. Hence the role of madman seldom serves the red-handed felon's turn. The faculty " take the responsibility " in such cases, and the "possum playing" criminal pays the forfeit which justice exacts for the good of the community. Foignod diseases are among the most common swindles of the day, but none of them will stand the test of a critical and persistent investigation. DISMAL HUMORISTS. We have rather too many disciples of Mourns, in literature, just now. The success of few genuine humorists has tempted whole Hooks of dullards into the field of fun, and they are fast converting it into a literary cemetery, peopled with the ghosts of departed pleasantries. If funny lecturers and funny sketch writers would only give us the dead jokes of long ago, in their habits as they lived, the ro8sureotion would be more tolerable ; but they dress them up to suit their own concerns, must, in so doing, take all the laugh out of them. It is the easiest thing in the world to become a humorous lecturer, nowadays. Unblushing assurance is the main thing. A famous reputation " gives the aspirant to waggish fame a certain prestige, and makes smooth his path before him. The "provinces" accept him at sight on the strength of his metropolitan on dorsement j and " looms," " young man's associations," and " societies " with all sorts of queer names, invite him to come and lecture before them. Even if he happens to be a " chat " with no more "Attic salt in him than there is in the Dismal Swamp, and his lecture is as destitute of originality as the multiplication table, he is listened to with attention, for country audiences are polite. His hearers may be unable to discover where the laugh comes in, but they think Heaven help their diffidence! that the fault must be in them not in him-that they don't understand him. Haven't the daily York papers proclaimed his humorous delinea- tions masterly" and don't they know all about it? Ah, good people of the rural districts, don't let the towns throw dust in the eyes of your natural shrewdness. If a peripatetic humorist makes you yawn instead of making you our, be sure that he is a fraud, though every advertis- ing prosE in Gotham may have given him a friendly paragraph. Real humor is peremptory. It compels laughter. It needs no editorial " bush it speaks for itself. HENRY WARD BEECHER ON FARLEY-In is difficult to define exactly what we moon by a fault. There is a popular impression, which is nearly correct, that it is a minified sin that it is something irregular, but that it looks in magnitude or intent something of that which goes to constitute a positive sin. In many instances faults are simply irregularities in execution are more inattentions, negations, and almost always have this quality of being incidental not intentional, not proposed, or the result of passion. There are a great many who suppose that there is a merit in faults. I think they do not discriminate very wisely. It is true that perfect people are the most agreeable and intolerable people in the world those so called perfect more that in order not to speak wrong never speak at all, and in order not to do wrong do nothing ; those cold, precise, inelastic, hard, smooth, polished people, that are regarded as perfectly themselves. It is true that you hunger and thirst for some roughness, and you wish they would break out somehow, and seem to be human. There is an expression derived from excess in that direction, that faults are signs of a fertile nature and, if it be so, how fertile some natures are 1 They are thought to be like the roughness of a book, that are a sign of strength ; like the bark on wholesome trees ; like pearls and knots on the oak and people say that they would not want a man to have fewer faults, because there is a kind of robustness that they give. Now, there may be certain sorts of faults of which this is true faults of manner, faults of irregularity; but this ought not to blind us to the moral character and to the effects of faults that are seated on conscience that involve principle that touch the question of benevolence and selfish- ness that have in them certain relations to the waste of the supply of life that run their roots were deeper, and touch the very Boat of honor, and, one may say, of character and salvation. One of the reasons why faults are so frequent, and so little considered, must be of course a general imperfection of human nature. But the unconsciousness of men as to the details of their life while they are pursuing weighty matters-this also is a reason of the faults of which men are the subjects. They are unconscious of them largely because there is very little true friendship that takes upon itself the offices of true friendship. This is that which makes the household so invaluable. The father and mother love their children so much that they can tell them their faults at any rate, till their children got so old that they know more than their parents think they do. There is a fidelity _ possible in the household without risking friendship, without risking love. And there is another kind of discipline besides this of love- that in the school and that in public affairs. Where boys and young men are thrown together, the attrition, the intorcomparison, the angry taunt, very soon makes men aware of those social faults which are apt to be disclosed in the social circle. But there is very little friendship aside from that of the family which teaches a man after he gets out of the school and out of the family what his faults are. How many persons do you know, each of you, to whom you would go and ask : "Will you tell me honestly what you think to be my principal faults that is, persons that you think have sagacious judgment enough to know, and persons that are so kind that you can afford to have them know. There stands a command in the Word of God, " Confess your faults one to another ;" but for the most part men are selfish, and the Christian duties of life are so little inculcated and practised in social relations that one does not dare to confess his faults to his neighbor. He says : " If I should it would be putting a club in his hand, and by and by he would strike me with it. He would get angry with me, and the facts would come out. I Or, their would be a competition in business, 1 and he would use them to my disadvantage. It is not safe." And the judgment is right. There are very few people that it is safe to trust. There are very few men whose judgment of your faults is one that it would be safe for you to trust. And so from these various infirmities of mon we grow up with clustering faults. Many of them reach to the very vital points of character. And no man speaks to us of them. TRUTH, which is eternally the same, has nothing to fear from the operation of conflicting opinions. She lies upon her quiet bed, at the bottom of the sea, while the surface of the elo ment that forms her gentle covering has, per- chance, been, agitated by many a naval conflict. 