L ROYAL BALL. ; Avilo viret.ionozre" Ii flat c'est moi. ?i TT» flourisbeth through the honor of his ancestors !" so will We, Query T-What were they f have patience, we will BEE. FJIESTDENT :-Lady Sunset. TREASURER :-Lady Morning. ' SECBETARIES ;-Mrs Bagatelle. Mrs-Cns. COMMITTEE : w« TremWewell Mri Freesum MSpmU'otlon Mrs Saccharine Hirts Mri Hideous Orimion Mrs Mgna»u Mr» Po»t<"nKnocker Mrs Swallow Mri Fra. Dlavolo Mrs Saracen Todgers Wrs Barley VrsTurnum MrsLsinkln Mrs Sneeïum Mrs Lilly Putt Mrs Jlecho-la-mer Mrs Fodder Mrs Borons and M r" Meshes { " Other .'Tabbies." Balley Senior Sergeant at Arms, Mace Bearer, Messenger, otc. Stewards (or long standing, mitch enduring natures) in another roora when wanted, os they will be, when " Greek meets Greek" »nd tho "sinews ot war" ara .required for milliners. Jewellers, Lilts, etc. _ «Tbs higher the Ape goes, the more he shews Ills tall." President : Ladies, tilts special meelina Has been deemed advisable to determine the vexed question of who's who, investigate all marriage linos, to search into all nuptual, and ante-nuptunl flaws : to decido on what must bo the answer to a heap of letters, the contents of which must forthwith bo laid before yon. Wo must oho at once" decide on tho soloction of one hundred matrons, out of tho common ruck, whose ton guineas «ill bo needed to fill the coffers of our Treasurer. I need not say these ladies must bo, in virtue and tn stand inp unimpeachable. Mrs Saccharine Hilts', (asido to Mrs B-.) .- Tl.oquo.iion j's where will you find thom, after ourselves. T don't 'Mrs Bagatelle, (aside to Mrs S. H.) : Questions Uko tfose don't bear disoussion. Inow another. Presidmt; I nlso find that, out of doors, grout excep- tion hos been taken to the local standing of somo.in this . Committee. Sirs nariel/: 'Well! I don't soo why it should! each rank of life, and trade, arid calling is hara repre ' ranted, from high to low ! What moro would they hove ? Formo-T nm ready with my genealogy. Mrs Fra Diar.olo : Not I then ! Its preposterous ! Mrs Lilli/ Putt : Nor I ! Mrs Moshes: Nor I! The woman's mad to think of such a thing. . . ' Mrs Saracen Todgers, (aside to Mrs Moshes) : Pray what's tho use of all tho trouble and expenso that some' of us havo had to feast and dance, aud flunkey ourselves into eocioty, unless it le to parchase immunity from too closo inspection of our antecedents. Tho* indignities we've borne, the snubbings we've pocketed, the dinners, dances, partios that we've givon, havo all been thrown nwoy, if that's to be tho case ! Mrs Freezum : My Lady Président-Some of us hnve Bgrced to withdraw altogether, if thore's going to bo any enquiries made about ns! It's boneath our dignity SJ besides none of us will stand it. _ _ Tn President: There is no question raised of such n thing-thero are some of you, tho self olectod, who .doubtless foresaw with nil the wisdom of the serpo -t, ttistyou would not like tho rigorous tost you apply to others-but calm yourselves, feel safe, and now proceed to business. Mesdames Bagatelle and Cue, tho corres lbl'ponricnon! I Mr$Bagatelle: This letter-just received-encloses, a ml cheque for ten guineas, nnd intimntcs how great would il be th-lady's pleasure to join our loyal demonstration to till thePrinceand- Criesof" Who is she?" "Name-name." Irl ?3fT C"e: ^lrR ^''tK P"onH|e-of-address obliterated. Mrs Pottum KnocJcer: Why hor father wns n grocer, or ereenarocer, or some low thing nf tlmt sort- that won't rio! Cries of " Corlainly not," "nhdenrno."' oil ^rs Tteche-la-mer : But what is she? What's her I I position ? It's not her fatter who wunts to come to ¿I Un-hall! Great confusion. Mrs Freezum : I know her well-she's altogether irre proiehahle, besides haying'two nrotly dnne.hr.or«. Jfr.t Saccharine Milts : Thon I'LL not vote for her ! 1'rfc daughters of my own, and hopo I know my dutv better ! ... _ Hrs Srieezttm : Tho proposition nnnnot bo entertained ? for ono moinont- propopternii8,~docrndjng ! Jlrs Fodder: I really don'two why thisjady's letter Mri Saccharine Hilts i Tili* Linsrll .hat hal ha! I ")| Chorus of Un! bil's ! . _____ Mrs Saracen ÎÎ>rfjeM.iJ.otJ\f£S_Quo-writè and say its" '\ I "only IiABiF.s who give thi< Ball." / iii -»frjr Fodder : No, no, that's loo insulting, j/--"' Hrs Sarharine JTitls : Not at. ull-not nt all-I for . ? on« insist on this Hall beliig'solect. ? ¡Irs Harley : Yes ! of course we must draw tho lino ird I «¡mf,rl"re . '. 3Irs Saracen Todgers : Such peoplo as those creeping ..j ? m indeed ! I President: Would it. not be better Indies, to r'emPin j.«bfr wo are none of us quite immaculate? (looking ''?round significantly) wo ahull really cot into terriblo hot wsler if we don't mind our P's and Q's-and above all, wo must not send an ir.solont reply to a civil message. Mr» Hechelemer ! You'ro quito right my Indy President, ve might just to let our motto be, "That morey I to others shew, that mercy show to mn." So ju*r. net sensi Wjfor once, pop tho teri griiuoas into tho Tronsury, und "nt no questions." V*' Eerernl noses cocked into tho fl ir, and murmurs of "Plebeian " " Very !" tall . 'IVB *"'* S<*raeen Todgers : This woman comes not willi 'vre Bar émisent. \V, I ^n Mashes : Nor mine. ths'l hi Tabby : Why she has novor made our dresses, owlied our dinners, or ind Tabbi/ : Or taught tho young iden how to shoot ! why therefore would you exclude her ?' Agitation-and erins of " Divide " " divido I" Gimuiitto having divided (nnd also, having done »othinu elso sinco they sat thore). ¡irs Cue said-The " Noes '' have it. "Noes" elated, whisper, smile, flutter their fans, etc, t oftlttt'e,<!- , T\ Triasurer: I'm sorry, but our duty s clear, a refusal pull ko sent-and nias! the money be returned I ; ITn "Bagatelle : Tho next in order are tome extraor [intrj lottors. '.'?'', huident: (looking through eye glass)-Aro they on Jlfliblo? ior-B j[rj xSnrratulle and Cue look flt enoh other and laugh. íhÜ! I> ^" (.aei I"'10? nro in ^ tho anto-chamber, twelve i'hts full !-(Rings, Bailey enters). " 13fr« bagatelle : Bring in those letters ! Bailey, assisted hy messengers, muoe-bearer, etc, rïruiin twelve baskets.,., . Betley ? Holy Moses f ain't there a lot of Billy taiei. President : (Angrily)-Profane mon ¡who rccommon you, and where have you lived, to havo learned no itler manners ? . Bailey: On Church Hill, at Mrs Todger's Boarding on«, my lady, and preoions worrittod sho always were ...?j^tit tho gravy-aiid MrsS cn ash uni Todgers, well abo 1 -B""' it-nnd it were a 'spootablo first-class house, near.| Ps0, jWi'threecorncred parson's. (Winks, looks encouragingly PSPllo Saracen Todgers-nods, and slowly rotires.) s/ ' Äi ?r°^3eri 1 (3°tto voce)-Irisolont minion^ ^l^H írenie/ií : To business onco moro-secretaries what rPiTsWomMnext? and il ?Ur* BaSaMle! Those ore all threatening letters ! W¡11 ¡M,^«faW t (Looking round). Just Heaven ! tlie« are\ per-ÎM;, ''' °f your libellous'attacks on all und every ono, "?ooieiiamo was mooted at our last mooting! I quito ox *d something of tho kind ! (groaning.) Truturer: Not so, at least'not YBX. I have cast a PW glance ovor all these letters', and I gather from *» one, that tho writers aro . equally indignant, their fftHsff Tero omittod in forming our Committee, nnd they [alleyÄ^i *"' "''"""wi" to be instantly ptacod thereon dcsuWif c" dirers pains »nd porialties. , from-B ^n Beche-la-mer : All can't bo on,' that's olear ; I, for onolp"".'11 woro off. .-.."--". ..v| rrestient : Giro me the nomos of those ladies who ?«« such saucy letters. .' . . .. - . ? «fi' Bagatelle: I reully hardly.like to Bay-thoso w ladies will deal so roughly , with them.. V** «f«Saracen Todgers: (Snntohing up a letter). Oh! u'"J aiiohor on a livery button, that must bb soino gwo. and hero's nnother, with mitro tnt! orasier on' »Mugs j which clearly points to College Don, or big 5" Sneezum: Oh the Lozenge ono. must be from ^ex-confectioner. - *» Freezum : Wo won't have confectioners, or oom "ira captain* cithor, on this Couimitteo. ' JX> Saucarine Milts: Not if wo know itP^^ "«n/eiií.- Oh ronlly ladies this is too bad-we havo «»oro for tho despatolfof business (Heaven holp mo I) ¡'lou obstruct it all you can. i»'""r"*: Iro&H;ï wish tho Governor had not with "" name, you might hnvo boen loss litigious willi Pnliis "»regal cy o upon you. ' ^Mrs Saccharine TIt/ls : Oh! we don't wont" Governor or Oovm-ii.-.i-CM cilhor-(milllori«)-ibero's already tj mn ny of tho lutter. ' Mr« Snrncou Tudgora, Mr.s Lilly Putt, Mrs Freozuui und several otlmra 9I10W symptoms nf fainting. President : Jtisea amid liysterionl Bobs, liearlroiidinj erins of distress, and general uproar. President; (Sadly but severely)-ob ladies, ladies why do you thus attack each other and delay tho busi .ness of tho day,-Ave' mortal hours have wc sat here oblivious of aught' else, but these your wrctchei squabbles. Treasurer to President : L)'B quito our own faults j i we had dono as I proposod, adhered to some given rule tnkon Almadía as our model-stood au our social ruuk our ancestors \\*t Tabby: Ohl none of tu ever had any ancestors j 2nd Tabby: And as for rank, that's horrid bosh ! Treasurer: I say again, it should only havo^boon th leading ladies of Sydney who Mrs Sacchariuo Mitts, Mrs Saracen 'Podgers, and Mr; Moshes, cry " Tho Lending Ladies ! pray who are wo ?" jTreosiirer : I mean the titled ladies first.- . Sirs Saccharine Mitts: Oh! Titles!! His Boya Highness ru tint be sick of titles ! depend on it liu'i rathor far, have plain " Mrs" for a change. Mrs Beche-la-Mir ; (laughingly) Plain enough tu al conscience!!-now why can't wo discuss this matter it a more business like manner-take the moBt desirable o these ladies on tho Committee, and do let's pick som, good natured, and good looking ones for a otmngo. Chorus of Ugly Tabbies-No, No! " Monstrous"-" Improper"-" Immoral "-""Very! ! ' Cries of " Ordor, order" Question, question !" President: (bewildered)-What 18 tho question? Treasurer: These threatening letters. President : And libellous attacks I I really feel quit frightened. Mrs Beche-la-nier : I should bo tha last, my lady Prcsi dent,' your fears to undervul'eo, but if we do get into 1 .serape,-we roust consult that Prince of Southom Advo cute«, young Balley. " . .. Mrs Barley ; (aside to Boreas) Why" not our hus bands, if good SOUND advico be needed ! President : Doubtless there's much good sonso ¡ri wha you say, but let's avoid all " Law," I do not like it-bu keep to the question, and to begin-why not admit thoa ladies ? Mrs Freezum : What all of thom ? Everybody-No, no, no ! President : Shall wo say a (loren ? Cries of-" No, no, too many"-" ten ! " " eleven ! ! " President : Take tho souse of the Committee on it. Mrs liec/te-la-mer : Tho Coinmitteo's got no seuso. Secretaries proceed to ballot I Mrs Hayatell* : It's a tie. / President : Then my vote, tho casting roté, sayi 1 if'oye," pray let them in. Doors open, eleven ladies rush in tumultuously, toki seats, and look defiantly around, which is kindly root procated. Frosident relieved, Treasurer haughty. President : The next question, ladies, to which'I must direct your attention, is tho choice of the hundreii matrons, whom wo,propose shall share with us tin honour of entertaining His Koynl Highness-which 1 >trust you will find an easier mattor than the last. Tin .Secretaries hold a list of names which will be submitted. Treasurer (aside to President): ^For mercy's saki don't submit tho names-there wou't bo 11 ghost of om left, if you do ! Jiffs Sar icen Todgers : What's that I hear ? not sub- mit the names? and why, pray? President : lt really seoms unnecessary, thoy aro all ladies of high standing- good repute Treasurer: Quito irreproachable. I've soon tho list. Eorryhody : Let's seo it too. Crios ol'order-great eon fusion. ^Question-Order-Question. 3lrs Saracen lodgers: Tho list's the question. 'i'KBAsrriÍKa (ndde to President) : For mercy's sake, give it to th« Turk! «j»»^' Mrs SWALLOW (to Treasurer) That's right, we'll let them down easily. PliKsiDKNT : iii o first lady to bo proposed on this list is Mrs Bloomer. Mus SACCIIAWKR ITITTS : Pray who is she ? Mus MOSIIKS--Oh! u most delightful créature ; Mrs liiiguh-ilu and I met her when visiting Mrs M'Orwocs. MKS BAGATELLE : Yes, at our dear lost Dalwells ! ( i^'*)- : -.. I-'UKSIDKNT : Ladies is thnt linnie decided on ? Mus SACCIIAHI.YE Hi-rrs, Mus MOSHES, MUS BAGA- TELLE, Mus CUK AND SEVEIIAL O'l'HEItS . " Yes!, we'll have her." * Hero somo of tho Committee ? show symptoms ol catarral), sneezings, shrugging* of shoulders, &c;, &c.; ' --1'KKSIDEST . The second name is thatof'Mrs Toinkins. ._Of*«- ...I' .»».7, tifii-rT»f*»f7'..Çflt'*"-<ttitJ-Qrréi-rtl ridUiijm« their seats,)-shameful! . V 2>'T) TAnny.- Tho audacious thing! It literally makes mo tr-r-r-reinblu ! ! ! 1ST TARDY : Don't you know ? Cries of " divide,'' " no, no, wo won't have her" from all sides. PHESIDENT: Pass we to tito next-Mrs Hodges. 3UDTA1IIIY: Oh! absurd-ridiculous. 1ST TADUV : Yes-she's very low and vulgar ! Cries of no-no-yes-yes, and great confusión. PHESIUKXT : Lu-'ics-ladies-bo moderate, pray. Mus SNEKZUW : It's quito clear to me that this dis- cussion will never cud, if we aro to squabblo over every name. L propuso a BüU-comniiíteo bo appointed to approve--or to reject-tho names on the list-and that it consist of Mrs .Snrncen 'Podgers, Mrs Bloomer, Mrs Lilly Putt, Mrs liag-itollo and Mrs Moshes! MKS TitWfnLKwKi.L (ruido to Mrs Becho-la-mm-) : Did you observo the sncor ? - Mus rosTinr KKOCKEU (aside) : Should bo liberal enough in nil conscienro. >".'%-'.-. Pi osidout, breathless ! Treasurer, aghast'. general ob. fusoation, amidst which motion carried, norn con. Mus SrJBEZUM, (aside to Mrs fodder), I'hero, that Com-' mitten will rio thoir- duty like Britons-und exclude one and nil that they owe n grudgo against. » Mit» FODDER : (aside to Mrs Sneezum), I think ¡oe're lucky to hnvo escaped those hyenas ! t-s~s» At length, ordor being in eomo measure restored, Mus SAIIACBN TODGKHS said : Not the least important of our duties, is to appoint another sitb-coui-siittee to ro ocivo tho Princo! Now as I consider myself at least ns good ns any, I claim to bo one.«« ... ' ? " .' MRS BOBEAS ; If every 'ody makes the same absurd demand, we must all be lhere- und Ilms a Committee of t he whole--which would simply bo ridiculous. MKS SACO HA II I KB lin-rs: J surely should be one, and Mrs Fodder also. MES FODDEU : Oh ! pardon me, if Princes uro like oilier mon,-our poor, plaiu looks would 'scarcely please htm. I suggest that Mrs Agneau, Mrs Barley, und Mrs Lamb- kin- (hesitates. ) Mas TiUMBLBWBLti : But that would not be onough at'cast thero should be six- therefore may wo not have orredin oxcluding those whoso beauty or other attractions would shed lustre on the colony ? Why not add othur names, to our.Committee, and also to this special ona wliat soy you, ladies, to thnt of Mrs Taglioni Blonde.'^/ Unprecedented commotion, amidst, which . is heard at intorvals-"Abominable," " Monstrous,'.' "n cidirunt. danse'usol" "oh shameful," " painted Butterfly ! ! gold dust in' her hair, pearl powder! bella donna ! shall shu receive the Prince i.:deed ! !" Let's ALL withdraw ! PnBsijjBNT, rising: Order ladies-I do implore you, remember where you Bro-w«s are publicchnructersnow !' Thissceno is really most distressing-order, I bug of you Mus SACcnAntWB HlTta, (spitefully), Order indeed! is tho Committee to bo insulted in this manlier? I de- manda ballot. ^ Mus BAIIXEY (aside tb Lambkin), What an old vinegar omet. Mus LAMDEIN', aside, I hope sugar is plentiful, and -that her husband has laid in a good stock ! Not but what I think she's quite right about that Taglioni Blonde ; I always hated her. Mus AGNEAU (aside), So do I, it was a disgraceful pro- position ; doubtless, she's all they say, aud moro. Mus SWALLOW,(joiuingtho cliquo)-r-Ladies, you should hope for the best. .** ?»* Mus LAMBKIN : Wo do-and believe tho worst. .Mus SWALLOW: What precious lime we'ro losing;' tho Prince will soon be hora,-and nothing done. PHESIDBNTI A ballot beitig "demanded, it must bo taken.'-' ... -. ... .-. . *. . . ' '"' Mrs'Bagatelle and Mrs Cuo proceed to take it, and 'it was a fortunato thing for all ooucorned that the Prince had 110 opportunity of seeing tho faces present, during the oporntion, or ho'would hnvo had but a poor opinion of tho amiability of the self-constituted representatives of the " Ladies " of tho colony. Mus ODE said, the result ol' tho ballot was tho election of "Saccharine -Hitts, . Mrs Hideous Grimson, Mrs Trembloweil, Mrs Fra Diavolo, Mrs Bagatelle, and the President.)'- - - '. "' ..- . ' " Mus FUEEZCM g At the risk of being irregular, I would suggest for'consideration whether thoro is any precedent for the ladies of any province giving a ball at all to a Princo of tho Blood rtoyiil. i '' . ,, Sensational Incertitude, TrtnAsuhsn.. Although .so fully oommittod to this Ball, I'v'o ovor had Borious misgivings ns to its strict nroorietv. H ^ Mita BAULKY: There's to be aiPurliumeutry''ôiïo, I henr, which ia sure tn eclipse oura-why 'lot coalesce ? Allis SACCUAUINI: IIITTS: lu that, caso tho chuncos of mninluiuiug our punition would be small, therefor,! T diisenl. No cuidiri-m ! wp sliouid bo nowhere then what would've the use of tho dodge, by which we got on lili* committee ? Alua SARAOI-'N Tonauns: Oh.' placo it beyond all chaine of such a thing, hy sending an immediato invite to tho Prince, whilst their s is still in abeyance. " We'll send un Express." "I'll uiuke it all right with tho P. and O." At this juncture the debate was interrupted by great uproar in the sub- committee room of shrieks-laughter -and emotion. TREASURER : Whatovor is tho matter? BAILEY (enters in haste) : Oh ! there's such a jolly row 1 two nf them Indies is in historical (Its, and is a biting and a scratching like any think-where's the smelling bottle? PuiisinEST (greatly alarmed) : Who' are they ? BAILKY, "Air* Bloomer and Airs Smash um Todgers; exit oith bottle, in haste. J TREASURER: Whatever shall we do ? I knew thg awful mistake we made in electing such a crew. SEVERAL LADIES : " We will go and seo what it's oil about"-exeunt. PRESIDENT : I pray you do, and abovo all things let not the report ot such disreputable scenes get out of doors. Alus FREEZUM : Yes ! that's all very fine ! but all this timo there's been "a stranger in the gallery!" . KVBRYBODY: Where, Where? Mus TcusuM : " A chiol amongst us takin' notes !"' lilts -BECHE LE MER : Looking up-It's only a poor i little devil. Í MRS POSTUII KNOCKER: A Printer's devil!!! I Have mercy on us ! (Fulls on her knees, clasps her bundy, and faints.) [Some good natured Tabbies try to recover her, but fait f she is removed, amidst commotion, during which some Indies return, accompanied' by sub- oommittoe looking flushed, Gerce, and panting. At length they ! present report.] PKI-SIDENT : I trust ladies you haro recovered from your last severe attack. /[Ladies toss their heads and look angrily at each oilier.) ,/ Alua BAGATKLLE: I really fear no business can ever bo done with this sub-committee. VOICES-" Wo're quite ready to reliro from it." PRESIDENT : Can you not ngreo on tho names sub- mitted to you, or have you returned and approved of the hundred upon tho list ? Mus SARACHN TODGBUS : We've considered seventy. PRÉSIDENT: And passed them ? Allis AlosHE3: No-not ono ! Allis BAGATELLE: And never will with this com- mittee (sarcastically). Afiss LILLI* PU'IT : Wo find thero i's not ono but has some hoi-rid speck, or stain, sumo flaw, or naughty peg on which to hang objections. PUKJ-IDENT : I fear these matrons' names have been unfairly dealt with, they shall be re-submitted. ( Voices of sub-connrtteo-" It matters not, we nil resign.") PRESIDENT: But your reason? Voices-" Wo have none," " we'll give none," " we resign ! ! ") «» illus SARACEN TODOI'BS : Ye« ! And take our seats once mriro amongst this council-choose other ladies, for T've hail quite enough of it. Qllo-iornl confabulation, all business at a stand still ; President and Treasurer confer apart, look undivided und indignant. At which crisis enters B.m.r : Ladies-" Wittles is up "-(flourishes uapkin and retire.*.) PitiiStDENT : Well, ns wo have coma to a dead lock, we univ us well recruit our exhausted spirits .with a cup of tea ! Exeunt Omnes. SCENE 2.-REFRESHMENT ROOM. TABBIES AT TBA IN OROl'I'S. Seandnlum AIngnntnm. Alus PniLLi POTION : I'm UrBt in time for tea, that's lucky. Mus BECnE-LA-MER : You'vo lost the finest fun! but lirst take some hain and chicken, the hath is good, the chicken young, «nd tejnler ! Allis BAIÎLEÏ: (HMIIU)-I wonder it's admitted he« then ! Alus PniLLi POTION : Well toll mo what you've done ? Allis Bi:cm:-r.A-**ER : Oh! several have been torn tc tatters, mid senreely ono admitted, but those who wouhi como willy-nilly ; next a hundred virtuous matrons hail io be sorted from the eemmou herd-but- they must bc those whoso reputations never know a stain-not only j that, but their husbands, fathers, mothers-ul] must be uimmaeulate. 1 r Hus BAÎIT.KY: Noir, niidiii'{'nt'-'tbe^ßr»t"'e;>»;orr-lhat Ljjll_Kiiriijiîkt'J.vjei!led. aud thaí:tri¿í^waaJWne_biitJiail 1 some blot, some Uaw " in cm oV'tn posse," sotno one proposed a sub-couitriiteo to peer into the past and present of these hundred women. .*" . Min PiiiLt.i POTION : Just henvens! why that's past njoko. Afus BECIIE-T.A-:MER: Also to enquire into what hus- bands hnvo had protested hills, what wives post-dated babies !.! M tis % PHILL* POTION: Tell me tho names of this Conimitlci), you forget f was not here. Allis 'I Pii-fiir."' mrntions names. <?*£*. ;, ^« Al us Pu i LU LOTION: Well, tha"t*S "very:-witty !-but the}'ll never hiiyé-the.matchless impudence to do it. Allis TUIINUJI: Yes, they will. Mus B.AUI.'ET : If they do, they'll rue it. ' Kitts-PniLLi i'orto.v :" I'm quito tired and faint with j botheration. ^ 1ST TABUÍ*,: Why what lins tired you so ? )r Aim PHILL* POTION :' Half a dozen Indies have been with me, consulting on.our dresses, for wo must, all of course have new ones ;'tilings won't turn, mid twi.-I, and gore, and" last for ever !-Our bills, already formidable, wont bciir di'tenihiig, but new dresses we will have, and "tile questioii'is where is tho'money to como from? 2ND TABBI* : Oh borrow it from lioUn, he's got plenty, -(a laugh). DUD TABBY: Oh, but- tint would ho at six per cent ! 1ST TABBY: What a doar man I 'Jpn TADDY : Dear! do yon call that dear? why tho last limo mir friend, Atrs Jones, borrowed money on hor d iamonds (and, to- decieve her husband) wore paste in- stead, shu paid to my certain knowledge otsav per cent. .MRS I'ILLI POTION : Why whore was thnt? 2ND TAUDY, (looking at opposite table at MrsMoshos) Why nt our great friend's relations! (Sensation.) AÍIÍS BARLEY : But you huyo not told us your famous plun of "raising the wind," yet"! s-EVERAL LADIES-" Toll ns-do!" *r Sao TABBY: Well, I know how X intend to do. I have arranged with David .Tonos. Ho is to send in my bill double that of tho uniia'.quarter. Ou the strength of the Prince, my husband will readily pay Tn.tT. Tho rest to be kept separate and liquidated seoretly by »IE, from savings I shall inako, in filching from my good man's con'.fort, «nd other usual family _ expenses. (Murmurs of approbation, amidst which all rise, and re- turn to Council Chambers, with tho exception of tho President and Trensuror.) lltKASUitElt, (looking round) : Those gentle doves have gono in to tear some more dear, absent friends to pieces. PRESIDENT: I really feel ashamed lo preside over such a rab'ilo rout! I Tow ever could wo have allowed ourselves to he joined by such a horrid set? TREASURER : Well, simply from the " ITluko" that they lirst thought nf it, and nominated themselves, but it's " High bru below Blairs" «¡th a vengeance. PIIESIDKNT : lt must always belhus whore thero is snob a very thin japan of gentility a»»di-tiiigui->hos our Committee). I wish tho ball had never been thought of! . TREASURER : So do I-it will-it must collapse. \j PiiBsiDKHT : Wo shill bo oovored with ridieuh'. ' TRRASURER : Oh ! I'll retire beforo it comes to that ! bo taken sick-havo yellow fever-cholera-anything, and bu ordered tn thc Hill* ! PRESIDENT:-What and leave ats in the lurch? you know I was forced into this/as »oil us you. Let us both withdraw and join the Parliamentary. .JRBASUUER: Just wait u bit-they'll sava us nil that trouble Omi tabbies will soon share the fate ot those' of Kilkenny ! PKESIDBNT, (laughing) : You naughty. wickod thing ; we'd better go again und fiioo it, if you aro ready. [President lind Treasurer adjourn to Council. Chamber ; groups of-Tubbies disperse'and tuko their seats. 1st 1'abbv asks when tho Estimates will bo placed on the table") . TiiBAStrniíit': Oh ! our accounts aro in a frightful muddle. 1ST TABBY (aside) : Call in your dear friend Betsy, she would help you. ???» . 2SD 1'ABBY, (asido to 1st Tab.) : She stays at home, till her pour tveo baby's christened. TUBASUBBR- All I ask. is'that you don't blame ms; for all and ouch of this Committee have ab mercilessly 'scattered tn tho \7inds of Heaveu tho legitimate touroos of our revenue. Airs BoiiEAB : That's vory true ; not ono out of seventy-five cl coted ! Quito faráical ! MBS TURNUJI: I have, heard that once upon a timo there wore eleven thousand virgins at Cologne, wo have fallon on very ilogonorato timos, if wo oan't find a hundred Droner women. Tn.KASun.KR continuos: I think it right nlso to point nut t he. terrible liability wo nun and all incur, if wo reject each lady, whose narau enmes before us. PKKSIDKNT : Tes ! if we don't mind, tee shall hare foi pay the piper! Great disapprobation, TR*ABUUSB: Well! till these things shape botter, I will make no financial statement. VOICES : "Choose a MOUE liberal suJ-committee." (Sub-committee riso, nnd glnre stoutly around) Mus SARACEX ToDORitS : Is this a rote of oonstiro ? ? Mus LILLY Puxv : I'll resign. . Mus MOSSES and the rest : Yes, yes! wo all resign withdraw in toto 1 I... They tender resignation haughtily. '-: President reçoives it graciously; thoyall march ou majestically to a flourish of fans. A pause. ,.. _ ' . MKS LAMBKIN : Now I really dd think we shall get on more comfortably, . Mus AIONEATJ : I move that another súb-committco be appointed to re-consider tho matters end' that the movor form ono. MKS BARLEY: And I.anothor. , Mus BOUEAS : No, re-modet,this ono first. ALL in horror "Tho GENERAL Committee !" 1ST TADDY : Yes-also the ¿riró-commitiee to rcceiro the Prince. . . PRÉSIDENT : That's past disoussion, it can't be done. (Great commotion, and cries of No! no! yes! yes! " There's no precedent.") TIIKASUJIKU ! Now it's no use-it can't be dorio. Mrs BUCHE-LA-:WEK : Yes, yes, rescind,1 annul if-I'll tel you why it should be done. Hore are all tho' Bteam com- panies and ship ownors, and tho Commodore of tho Jtoyul Yacht Club, going to send out a fleet of vessels to escort his Royal Higness in. (I see you smile ladies but none from Rotton Row.) Then tho town is to bo brilliantly illuminated and decorated with our gayest flags und banners ; and will not our sportsmen bving out their thorough-breds-their best racers "and -riot: their"-broken Jíace4. or..spavined screws? 'aiirl shall tee-the women of this glorious new land, exlubit nono but onr oldest, scraggiest, wbrst-brod scrubbers; instead óf our loveliest, prettiest, best, Uko all tho others ? I'll just give the boy a ball myself and end this wretched bother, oud what it moro, will invite every pretty woman I can get to grnco it." [Takes lier Beat amidst applause und laughter, much righteous indignation, general uproar, and cries of "Oh! thjs will never do." "It's quite irregular." " Unpurliamentary. Very.". "Adjourn! Adjourn!") 'i TIYA T Itl! OIN A ! ! ! _ 