A LETTER FROM HOME. (FROM A CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, MAY 27. The clouds which looked so black at my last writing have rolled away, and we are basking in peace and sunshine once more. Almost at the last moment, when, on one side at least, everything was ready for a march to the frontier, the preparations for war were suspended--I have no doubt to the infinite secret relief of both combatants. On this occasion it was England who kept the peace of Europe, and the fact almost revives our belief in diplomacy. The position was a most critical one, and never, I believe, was Europe nearer to a great and terrible war, upon whose issues no one could be so bold as to calculate. Prussia could not, and France would not recede. There was too much at stake to permit either Bismarck or Napoleon to draw back ; and with either it was a safer game to hazard the worst than to withdraw. The Emperor could not afford to make another blunder so soon after Mexico ; and as for Bismarck, the prospect of war was rather favourable to his schemes than other- wise, for it tended to suppress the Parliamen- tary Opposition at home, and to keep the Germans united under the leadership of Prussia. Neither rival would give way, so three weeks ago we were all fully prepared for the shock of armies on the Rhine. At the last moment, however, when the ring had been formed and the stakes set, the police- man interfered, in the shape of Lord Stanley, and the law of Europe has been upheld. A conference was proposed of all the great powers, in London, which was ac- cepted by France and Prussia, and in a few days the matter was settled without "per- dition of souls." France disclaimed all idea of annexations in the north, and declared that she would be satisfied ¡f Prussia with- drew her garrison from Luxemburg. Prussia, on her part, having no right to hold Luxem- burg, was content to retire, upon a joint European guarantee of the neutralisation of the territory. So every one was pleased ex- cept the King of Holland, for whom nobody cares, who was baulked of the millions of francs for which he had sold his faithful Luxem- burgers. Already the Luxemburg question is forgotten, and is passed away into the limbo of diplomatic rubbish. The amicable settlement of this very dan- gerous quarrel has been a great feather in the cap of the Derby Government; and really that portion of the Conservative equipment requires some new adornment. The stupen- dous imbecility of Mr. Walpole was in itself enough to wreck a dozen Governments. The management of the Hyde-park affair has brought shame and scandal on the Executive ; and in any other country but England would have led to very serious trouble. By a rare combination of obstinacy and weakness, Mr. Walpole contrived to give a second victory to Mr. Beales and the Reform League, even more signal and disastrous than the affair of last July. A more miserable piece of business throughout it is not possible to conceive, and the explanation of the Government policy offered since the occurrence only tends to increase our disgust and contempt for its authors. Imagine any Government conceiv- ing that by a mere threat of some unknown punishment they would be able to keep a London mob from holding a public meeting. But, with transcendent fatuity, Mr. Wal- pole managed in every point to put his ad- versaries in the right and himself in the wrong ; and although backed up by three-fourths of the people of England, to give a complete and almost glorious triumph to Mr. Beales. Knowing all the time that although the meeting was illegal, he had no law forcibly to eject the people from the park, Mr. Walpole actually made believe, before the public, not only that he would stop the meeting, but that he had power to do so. The excuse is that Mr. Wal- pole is an amiable man, who believed that if he made a great noise and pretended that he was going to fight, when he knew he could not, the mob would be struck with that proof of his vigour, and immediately retire. The wonder about the whole affair is, how Mr. Walpole was permitted to be in the place in which he had any liberty of action at all, or how his colleagues could trust him with any discretion after his many miserable failures. It is a proof of how little wit is required to make a minister in England, that it should have ever been held that Walpole was of the right ministerial material. The amiable gentleman has at last, in obedience to a perfect storm of public clamour, been removed from his post, and retired into obscurity. But the Derby Government have suffered seri- ously from his pranks, and it is not a Govern- ment which can afford to lose any chance of popularity. By his dexterous management of the Lux- emburg question, Lord Stanley has earned, as I have said, infinite kudos for himself and his colleagues. It is wonderful, indeed, what a change has come over the continental opinion of England since we have had a real man of ability at the head of foreign affairs instead of that anile and feeble old party, Lord Russell. We cannot but regard it as a special mercy that Lord Russell was not in the Foreign Office at this particular crisis. Under the influence of " meddle and muddle," we could hardly have escaped war. Lord Russell would have made the original quarrel ten times fiercer by his interfering. He would have alternately whined and blustered, lectured and scolded, advanced and retreated, until the only possible way left out of the confusion would have been war. Lord Stanley, by the acknowledgement of all parties in the dispute, has borne himself with sin- gular sagacity, discretion, and firmness ; and to his personal endeavours, more than to any other single cause, is due the fortunate issue of the Luxemburg question. The tri- umphs of diplomacy have been so rare in this age, and Englishmen are so little accustomed to hear praises of their foreign policy from the Continent, that it is with an unusual sense of satisfaction that we record the fact of our present high position in Europe. The case has a further use for us, as tending to confute some of the current notions about non-inter- ference. The folly of laying down any general rule as to non- intervention in foreign affairs was never more clearly proved than in this in- stance. We have broken through the rule, and we have done so with the applause of all men. We have interfered in a matter which was no concern of ours, when interference seemed almost hopeless, and the result is that we have prevented a great war, and have raised our own prestige very considerably in the eyes of continental countries. The Reform Bill is making steady progress with Mr. Disraeli at the helm. Some of the most formidable rocks and shoals have been passed, and we are now in comparatively smooth water. It is true that the vessel has been lightened of much of her original cargo, and that some of the freight she now bears is hardly what she was intended to carry. But it is a desperate venture on which Mr. Disraeli is bent, and he is carrying it through, it must be con- fessed, with infinite pluck, audacity, and address. One by one nearly all the charac- teristic features of the bill have been altered. The dual vote went first, the compound householder--that first formidable monster-- has followed. The logger has been taken on board, and acknowledged by his parent, who is Mr. Disraeli himself. On two or three occa- sions the bill was very sorely beset, but, by Mr. Disraeli's good management, it passed safely through all its dangers, and may now be said to be in a fair way to become law. To one thing Mr. Disraeli has clung tenaciously, and that is, the principle of personal rating, and he has managed to preserve it safely, although twice assailed by the Opposition en masse. The last change in the bill, and that the most important one, was made in a ludi- crously simple and unexpected way. The main obstacle in the path was the " compound householder;" by this phrase you will un- derstand, not several householders rolled into one, but a householder who is only a fraction of a ratepayer--for whose rate the landlord compounds. Well, we could do nothing with the compound householder. He beset us at every turn of the discussion. We have conjured him up, and he would not be laid. Having got him into existence, he was found to be an infinite trouble to those who begot him, and, as for the others, they never knew why he had been produced. Several weary nights were spent in discussing how we should deal with the compound householders--how they were to get votes, or whether they were to get them at all, and what they were to pay for them. There was an extraordinary confusion of opinions even as to the practice of com- pounding. According to Mr. Henley, it was "a device of Old Nick"--according to Mr. Gladstone, it was "a triumph of civilisation." At the public meetings the principal subject of agitation was the compound householder. There was hardly any other point left in which the bill could be assailed, even by the radicals, after the lodger had been taken in. Suddenly, an independent member, of whom nobody had heard of till then, one Hodgkinson, said, quite promiscuously, "Let us have no compound householder. Let us abolish him altogether." "The very thing," cried Mr. Disraeli, "I had always intended to propose, only I was fearful how you would take it." It was like a ray of a special revela- tion. Every one, it turned out, was anxious to get rid of the compound householder. Mr. Gladstone, forgetting " the triumph of civili- sation," rose at once to the bait. The Govern- ment was, or said it was, only too glad to have the compound householder out of the way. And so it was done, and there is no com- pound householder. He has been laid, like some inopportune ghost, amidst uni- versal rejoicing. Of course, the effect of this change was to make the Government scheme, in regard to the borough franchise, simple household suffrage, with only the limitations of a year's residence and personal payment of rates. But Mr. Disraeli declares that this is what he meant all the time ; and the Conservative party, which doesn't believe in Mr. Disraeli, and, therefore, follows him implicitly as no Parliamentary leader was ever followed before, is content to endorse Mr. Disraeli's acceptance. This makes a wonderful change of course in the situation ; but I don't think it is a change which any one regrets, or which the Conservatives, if they know their true interests, have any reason to dread. We were bound to come to household suffrage ; and it is better that we should come to it through Lord Derby than through Mr. Bright. No party has triumphed, but then it is not desirable that in a matter of this kind any party should triumph. Parliamentary reform, in order to be complete and thorough, could only have been carried through as the work, not of this or that Ministry, but of Parliament. It is idle to talk of the inconsistency of the Tories who have introduced household suffrage, although they opposed Mr. Gladstone's bill of last year, which only proposed a £6 rental franchise. Every one saw that there could be no resting in a figure, and therefore it is better that we should take the leap at once, and fairly settle the question. There is no other man in the country, I believe, but Disraeli who could have effected this great revolution in this simple and harmless way ; and I cannot help admiring, with all impartial men who are not wedded to party, the wonderful tact, patience, courage, and audacity which Mr. Disraeli has shown throughout in his manage- ment of reform, and, what was vastly more difficult, in his management of the Conserva- tive party. He has led them gradually and almost irresistibly to propose the very measure from which a few weeks ago they would have recoiled in horror. He has made them reformers in spite of them- selves. What greater triumph can a leader of a party win? The curious thing about it is that the Tories, especially the swell ones, the Lords, and the country gentlemen, hate and distrust Disraeli. They snub him in society, and have the infinite snobbishness even to revile him at the clubs, while not daring to swerve from the yoke to which he has brought their necks. The great ladies of the party, I am told, take every opportunity of slighting Mr. Disraeli at their balls and receptions. But if there is one man more angry with the result than another, it is Mr. Gladstone, the Liberal leader. He has seen the game which should have been his to play, taken completely out of his hands. House- hold suffrage has been proposed, and he has stood by and had no part in it--proposed by the very man whom he detests, and pre- tends to despise, as a rival. The Liberal party at large are no more pleased with the Reform Bill, although they are com- pelled to carry it. They cannot help feeling the taunt which is daily levelled at them that for years, they, the original and appointed Reformers-- the regular professionals--had the opportunity of doing all that Disraeli now does, and would not, or could not, seize it. They are proportionately savage at heart with the Government, and will not be comforted. The very fact that they have now got all, and more, than they ever asked for or desired, is only gall and wormwood to them. For the wind has been taken out of their sails--the bread out of their mouths. There are some serious obstacles yet to be passed before the success of the bill is assured ; but having been so fortunate in his daring hitherto, I am confident that Mr. Disraeli will overcome them. His party dare not desert him now. and he has scattered and demoralised the forces of the enemy. If annoyed with any serious opposition on any of the essential points of the measure still to be discussed, he has a powerful wea- pon in his hand, in the threat of a dissolu- tion--a threat which he could now execute, as the author of a Household Suffrage Bill, with ten times more effect than hitherto. Indeed, I believe that the bill will now pass without any more material changes ; and if it passes the Commons, it is pretty certain to go safely through the Lords. Mr. Mill has delivered himself of his long threatened motion on behalf of the women, and did not succeed in converting the House to his view of the case. His speech was, perhaps, the least successful of any that he has yet made, and both in its logic and its oratory was a disappointment to his admirers. The world, in fact, is not yet ripe even to entertain seriously the idea of the female franchise. By the men it is received with ridicule, and even by the women with indiffe- rence. The sex, in fact, will not be aroused to any proper sense of their wrongs in respect to the franchise. If the principle was put to the vote among the women themselves, I believe it would be rejected by an enormous majority. I take it this is the best argument that could be used against Mr. Mill, for if women wanted votes they would ask for them, and if they asked, why of course they are bound to get what they want. Although it would be diffi- cult to give any abstract reason why if women desired it they should not have the franchise, still it is a question, not of reason, but of feeling, and the feeling, even among the sex, is that women have no business to meddle with politics. Those who are inclined to be poli- ticians have ample means of making their in- fluence felt, and what more is wanted as the woman's right ? The passage of the Reform Bill has been marked by some personal scenes in and about the House not very creditable to the good taste of the members. There have been several squabbles, arising out of the conduct of individual members in regard to the bill, and the " difficulty " has been conducted in a manner more appropriate to the atmosphere of Washington than of Westminster. One Conservative member calls Lord Robert Montagu "a traitor and a liar," in the House itself, because that young noble, it seems, took office after pledging his word that he would never do so without his assailant. Then there is a row between Mr. Layard and Mr. Harvey Lewis--two Liberals \--because one supported the Government bill, and the other didn't. Mr. Lewis is charged by Mr. Layard, in the lobby, with being afflicted with a loathsome disease; and Mr. Lewis'retorts that Mr. Layard is a "scoundrel and a blackguard." Of course, the matter ended there, and that is the worst of it. If there was the duello to be referred to, probably gentlemen would be more shy of bandying such language from one to another ; but as nobody's head is punched, and nobody is liable to stand to be shot at by the other gentleman, it has become safe and cosy for Members to abuse each other. The trial of the Fenian prisoners is over, and some six or seven of the leaders have been sentenced to a capital penalty. Burke, who was one of the first convicted, is to be hanged on the day after tomorrow--that is, if the Queen does not exercise her prerogative of mercy. There is a yery general opinion in England that justice should be satisfied without the shedding of blood. However clear may be the guilt of the traitors, and however heinous and wicked we may regard their crime, it is impossible that the real ends of justice in this case can be served by hang- ing. It would only be to lend a kind of romance to what is a very vulgar and stupid attempt at the worst kind of rebellion by taking the lives of these miserable men. We cannot afford, for the sake of Ireland her- self, to enlarge the list of the Irish martyr- ology. We must continue to believe and to treat this Fenianism as a kind of chronic disease, for which blood-letting would be a very inappropriate, if not highly dangerous, remedy. There is even a kind of horror in the idea of punishing what is so ludicrous and contemptible a crime by taking life. The severest penalty, undoubtedly, that we can inflict upon these miserable men is to spare them the honour of a bloody grave. We must spare them, if only to punish them. For thirty years and more the annals of England have been unstained by the blood of a political execution ; and it is to be sin- cerely hoped that the Government will kill none of these men, but only treat them as common felons. The Paris Exhibition is increasing in at- traction as it draws towards completion, and as men's minds have been turned from thoughts of war. The French papers boast of the mob of kings which will shortly be gathered in their beautiful city, to do honour to " the mistress of civilisation.' Already they are beginning to come in shoals these crowned people. Of the smaller fry the King of the Belgians, the King of Greece, and the King of Portugal have come and gone. The Prince of Wales has paid a flying visit, with his brother, and is said by the correspondent of one of the foreign papers to have made the court ladies blush by " the fire of his glances." The poor princess, in the meantime, lies sick at home with a bad knee, and general de- rangement of the constitution--by the gossips ascribed to unhappincss and anxiety of mind. The Prince and Princess Royal of Prussia are among the latest arrivals at the Tuileries ; and the King him- self, with Bismarck, is to come in June, when there will be the Czar, and the Emperor of Austria. There will be in Paris, in fact, as in the old days of the uncle, a perfect parterre des rois. But the most amazing piece of news is that the Sultan himself is about to undertake the journey, with all his woman- kind, 300 strong ; and after him, the Shah of Persia. The Parisians are, naturally, in ecstacies with their own greatness and their own charms, which have attracted all the kings from all the corners of the earth ; though wicked M. Girardin declares that the potentates are coming to Paris precisely from the same motive that drew Pericles to As- pasia. The Derby, which was run last Wednesday, was the most sensational one on record. In the first place, it snowed, hailed, rained, and sleeted alternately all day, making the hill like a course in Siberia. In the next place, all the talent was confounded, and the prophets brought to confusion. In the winner was a horse who started at 100 to 1 against him. The now despised Hermit--the rejected favourite of last year--who had broken a blood-vessel only a fortnight ago, and had not galloped for a week--who had a coat on him like a Newfound- land dog, and looked the picture of degradation and misery-- who was only started in order to save the bets which had been made against his starting--came in first, and beat all the cracks. The astonishment was so great among the crowd, that for a long time there was utter silence "Not a voice cried ' God bless him ! ' " The blow to the re- gular turfites was perhaps the most severe they ever received ; and I can't find any sym- pathy for them. More money, they say, was lost over this race than any ever run in Eng- land ; and two noble lords--Hastings and Stamford--have been so hard hit, that it is believed they will collapse. Lord Hastings, it is reported, persistently laid against Hermit from the beginning, for the ab- surd reason that his owner was Mr. Chaplin, from whom Lord Hastings stole his bride. Mr. Chaplin must be very much consoled at his unexpected revenge, for it is reported that his winnings are not much under £200,000, simply because he could get no one to back Hermit, so that he might hedge the bets he had made in the winter. The Times and some of the other papers have made this race a text for various homilies, more or less interesting, as they contain piquant allusions to several notorious turf scandals.___________ A gracious act of generosity is recorded of the Dowager Countess of Listowell in the Cork papers. Her ladyship having learned that in consequence of the extrome severity of theo weather many of her labourers at Bal- lyhooly had been obliged to run into debt to the shopkeepers of the village, went out a few days ago, visited all the shops, and by personal inquiry ascertained the amount owing by each of the workpeople, every shil- ling of which she at once discharged, The gross sum exceeded £150. 