LEGENDS OF AUSTRALIA. BY JAMES GRASSIE, Of Strathdownie, in the county of Follet. NO. X. "' Lo, the poor savage whose untutored mimd Sees God in clouds and hears him in the wind." In the year 1812 seamen were very scarce,, and many merchant ships were laid up for want of hands, while in the Royal Navy very ordinary sailors, and even smart landsmen, were gladly received; consequently a notifi- cation was issued to commanders on half pay, stating that as a small craft was required to carry despatches abroad, if any of them would shove a hundred men into her he would get post rank and an active commis- sion, and all expense and incidental outlay would be refunded. To the surprise of every man in the town, the retired commander offered to supply the required contingent, and asked the dock master to get the vessel ready to receive them at once. The Port Admiral was incredulous; the fishermen, when they met the chemist, "'shook their heads and whispered one ano- ther in the ear;" and the Scotch grocer, when be handed in the letters, ventured to say, "Odd Captain, I doubt you're no canny." In a few days one of the dockyard yachts ran up alongside of the craft in question, and a hundred exulting spirits, dressed in blue jackets and duck trousers, with love knots on their neckties, and straw hats stuck on the backs of their heads like limpets, leapt on board of her and cheered. The Port Admi- ral had no idea where they came from, and as it was "secret service," he was not em powered to inquire, and the grocer merely gave his lodger an extra nudge and repeated for the thousandth time, "Odd Captain, I doubt you're no canny." But the Captain was nearly involved in hostilities with the bumboat woman, how ever, for she peremtorily refused to carry the vegetables alongside, assigning as her rea son that "The devil didn't orter get his greens, and besides, she warn't a gorn' to purvide for un it he do." These difficulties surmounted, the ship's anchor was weighed, and she sailed away for a southern latitude with sealed despatches, which were not to be opened until they had reached the equator. In the meantime the Portsmouth grocer had found the remnant of a letter amongst the Captain's waste paper, and it is the only clue we have to unravel this mysterious sub ject. The letter seemed to have been from the lnspector- General, and the portion of it preserved said, "Between you and me and the post, these hundred prisoners are as good men as you could find, if sailors were as plentifual as hobnails. The Home Secretary goes into the thing heartily, by way of ex periment, and the only obstacle the Adml ralty Lords perceive is a dread that secrecy could not be maintained. Now, I will put the men on board, unknown to the devil him- self, if you can keep the secret thereafter." The ship pursued the even tenor of her way until within a few weeks' sail of the line, when an American brig hove in sight, and approaching, signalled for the English cap tain to come on board. He at once accepted the invitation, and on reaching the Yankee's cabin, Jonathan. pointed to a seat, and said, "Wal, Cap'n, guess you can't both win to morrow, and Johnny Crapeau will thump you like a short tail bull in fly time." "Is there a Frenchman ahead of us? ' inquired the commander. " Not far ahead of you either," replied the 'American; "and as I cal culate she carries more metal than you, I thought perhaps you would like to trade for this thimble (laying his hand upon a brass gun); darned if it aint a whopper, this child knows that much." The Captain bought the gun, as a genteel way of bribing the American for some information, and then elicited from him that there was a French corvette about two days' sail ahead of him and lying the same course. In three days they sighted the corvette, but the Englishmen showed no disposition to enjoy the impending battle. Injuries, wrongs, and oppressions, both real and ima ginary, began to swim uppermost in their minds. " I say. Bill." said one, " blowed if I'm agoin' to fight for those that crucified me." " It's enough to turn one's stomach," said a third, " to think that they would ex pect us to fight for them." " I wish I wor on board Johnny Crapeau." said a third, " I knows who I would fight for." In short, it was now plain that the thing was a failure, and in the midst of his embar rassment Eolus came to the Captain's relief, with a gale that sank both vessels; but as the Scotch have a proverb that says, "The devil is aye good to his ain." so the devil was not forgetful of these hulk emancipated sailors, for he saved them all in the boats, and scat tered them over the world as his own especial missionaries. The infancy of the world is as explicit as that of a being, its swaddling clothes seems to be granite, quartz, felspar and mica adorned with bright sprinklings of ruby coloured garnet; and the next garnet is silurian limestone, with fossil remains of stone hilles, corals, sponges, molluscs and fishes of low organization, then comes the coal formation, with its mighty forests of reeds and pine, and huge fishes passing into quadrupeds in earnest of great changes to come; and in the next apron of red sand stone we find creatures of higher type, and larger size, and the huge spouted toad- like reptile, the Labyrinthodon, the first of all air breathing animals, makes its appearance. We come now to the colite on freestone layer with its remains of higher and far more formidable animals, the pterodactyle with its dragon's head and sail-like wings, the seu glodon or first outline of the whale, the phascolotherium or giant kangaroo, and a variety of other marsupials like those living in Australia now, only tenfold more dreadful. We now tread on the chalk formation with its mighty lizards, tortoises, toads and igu aunodons, waging an eternal warfare with the animals of the former period, which still exist, although few and far between, for both periods are divided by a gulph of count- less ages like a niche in eternity. Our mighty baby next dons its tertiary rich and varie- gated dress, with remains of the megatherium mylodonliostodon, mammoth, and the palaeetheriunm which was horse, rhinoceros and tapier all in one, for nature had not yet parcelled off the specialities apart, and seems to have been in as much confusion as it was when the Australian ornithoryncus came into existence, in an earlier period. There were horses too, fierce and fiery chargers, " by spur and bridle undefiled," whose whole race melted away, and left not a wrack behind; and there were elks and and huge reindeer, and birds nearly thirty feet t high, whose legs were stouter than an ele- phant's, and whose bill would give a blow heavy enough to kill an ox, and there were men not giants, yet warring with giants, men of ordin ary stature, with "badly shaped heads and long muscular arms" men who made stone and flint axes, arrow heads and knives, and knew not how to smooth down timber for axe handles, nor the effect of attrition, they did not know that they could grind down one stone by rubbing it on another; consequently they sharpened all their weapons by chipping away the sides, until at length some higher genius or accident introduced the paternal grindstone.. M. Boucher de Perthes was the first to assert that the remains of men had been found in the gravel a thousand centuries old, and although he produced bones and fossils to attest his assertion he was cried down. " What" exclaimed he "What! because a few isolated individuals are pleased to place a peculiar interpretation on ancient writings, are we to shut our eyes to truth? are we to sacrifice all our senses, and all our intelligence on a sectarian altar of prejudice? Are we to proceed in darkness, merely because men are too ignorant or too stubborn to reconcile much that is capable of reconciliation, to visible, open, manifest and glaring truth. In 1858 eleven years after the discovery of Perthes, Mr. Briston and Dr. Falconer came up to his rescue. These eminent men had made an excavation in the Brixham cave in Devon- shire, and there disinterred a number of sculptured flint spear heads, which made human agency indubitable. Mr. Pengelley examined these remains at the instance of the Royal Institution, and declared without hesitation that they were genuine, and the work of human hands. Perthes now pro ceeded further, and produced the handles of the spears in question, these were made of the horns of extinct animals, were very much worn, and pronounced by Mr. Pengelly to be genuine. Mr. Prestwich now entered the field an unwilling and bitterly prejudiced observer; but, when he saw the flint beds of St. Acheul, he at once became a convert to the theory of Perthes, and confirmed his views; and these were afterwards attested by M. M. Gaudry, and George Pouchet, from new and startling discoveries made by them. In ad dition to their implentents, the bones of men have been found mingled with the bones of extinct animals, men of which existed at a very early period, and in two cases circum stances lead us to infer that the old English tiger, he most beautiful, and the Macehai- rodus the most terrific asuimal that ever trod the earth, were slain by man. The Machai- rodus belonged to a genus totally lost, and its saw like jaws prove that its weapons were far more formidable than those of its puny prototype the Bengal tiger. In the Missouri country the remains of a mammoth were found, the skeleton of which measured thirty-two feet in lengh, and six teen feet in height. A number of flint spear heads were fould lying around, with their points all directed in a line with it;. but it is worthy of remark that these stuck in the lsub--uil. singularly, as if they had been pro jected from a tree or some other elevated place of safety;. when probably the groans of the dying mamnoth like muttering thun der, attracted the notice of some of its con- gesers; at whose approach the hunters fled, leaving their spears behind them. Dr. Rigollot of Amiens was extremely sceptical of these discoveries until be visited Abbeville and saw some flint implements dug up; when his prejudice became shaken. He went home determined to look for flint implements in the general pits at Amiens, and conducted his researches with the utmost secrecy. His labours were amply rewarded, for in the gravel twenty-five feet beneath the surface, he found many flint implements whose position proved that they had been manufactured before some of the extinct animals came into existence. Mr. Prestwitch in addition to former dis coveries, extracted with his own hands from a bed of undisturbed gravel twenty feet beneath the surface, a well shaped flint hatchet, which was found lying on its flat side, proving that it could not possibly have wrought its way down through the soil by accident. In the Liege caverns human bones were found in precisely the same state of decay as those of the mammoth. In the ancient river gravel of the valley of the Ouse, Mr. Wyatt after visiting the gravel pits at Aeheul, found several flint tools mingled with the bones of extinct animals. M. Christol found in the cave of Bize in the department of the Oise, human bones and teeth ceumented in the same mud and pebble, with the remains of extinct animals, no vestige of the remains of existing species being found in that cement. In the cave of Wokey Hole on the river Axe, bones of extinct animals have been found mixed with spear heads, and the skull of an extinct hyena seemed to have been transfixed by one of these weapons. Colonel Wood found in 1861, the remains of extinct animals lying upon and pressing some very well shaped flint knives. In 1860 the foreman of the works at Limeburners' Point near Geelong, found a human skull, embedded in the solid rock, thirty feet from the surface. In 1861, Mr. Caird found at Cumberland, New Zealand, the femur of a dinornia resting upon a stone hatchet. In Glasgow in 1861, while some men were making an excavation in connection with the drainage, they found, at a depth of 42 feet front the surface, a canoe, a flint spear head and the femur and teeth of an extinct animal. Here we have a mass of evidence which in a court of justice would obtain a verdict of "'proven," and we may therefore safely admit that at any rate man was contem porary with the mammoth, one of the last of the extinct animals;. and the question now arises, ' how long is it since the latest family of the mammoth genus perished?' and I shall presently show that it is not im possible to answer that question. In the Missouri country in 1859, the skeleton of a marmmoth was found lying on the surface of the drift, in which all life seems to have perished. We do not know how it managed to escape the general ruin; but it evidently did so, and probably died of starvation, in consequence of all herbage having been over whelmed in the drit. It was lying under eight feet of peat, which was found to accu mulate at the rate of one inch in a hundred years? but the reader must bear in mind that at first the vegetation on the hard sun- baked gravel, would be very scanty; indeed, the growth ot the peat in this case may be compared to an inverted triangle, the base being the surface of the peat, when it will appear that the growth has been most rapid at the surface;. consequently if we double the area, the perpendicular would show eight feet of peat accumulated at the rate of one inch in two hundred years; giving the age of the skeleton in question nineteen thousand and two hundred years; which I believe is not far from the truth. It will probably be objected to this calcu lation, that a mammoth found in Siberia a few years ago beneath tumular ice "Not like thin ghosts or disembodied creatures; But with its skin, and flesh, and limbs, and fea tures.'' was quite recent. I am aware that such an animal was found, and that its flesh was quite fresh and juicy, and much relished by the wolves. Its eyes scarcely showed the lack lustre of death, and the wool of its skin nearly three feet in length was perfectly un- impaired. In short the animal might have died on the day preceding its discovery for aught a casual observer would have known to the contrary; but philosophers teach us that perishable matter under the influence of intense frost, would preserve its sweetness for millions of years; in proof of which we might cite the case of a frog which was found embedded in the centre of a square block of Parian marble 17 feet in diameter. The frog had evidently hibernated in a fissueo of the block when the marble was in a soft condition, and was there overtaken by the sleep of torpidity, " which," says a French savan "would have preserved it from decay for millions of years," and we are aware that in many cases frost performs the part of torpidity. It will thus appear plain that the Siberian mammoth notwithstanding its freshness, may have been older than the Missouri skeleton. By carefully considering the probable age of the Danish forests, we may form an ap- iroximrate estimate at any rate of the are of somte of the flint and stone weapons of pre- Adamite antiquity. Denmark was at one period covered by forests of what is now called the Scotch natural fir; that is trees which under circumstances favorable to them, grow spontaneously sometimes out of the solid primary rock. The position of some of these trees con- sidered in connection with ancient castles and strongholds in the highlands of Scotland, shows that they had arrived at maturity 400 years sgo, and they yet show no symptons of decay. It therefore cannot be a stretch of fancy to suppose that each tree flourished, for 500 years; and that the forest consisted of 12 series ; giving us 6000 years for the fir period. The fir yielded to the inscrutable fiat of extinction, and was succeeded by scrub oak, which arrived more slowly at maturity and was longer lived. There are some old scrub oaks in England which still bear marks of the Roman invasion 2000 years ago; and it cannot be extravagant to estimate that Danish oak period at 10,000 years. The oak performed its appointed time, and was sup- planted by the beech, which has flourished for four thousaend years; giving us an age for the Danish forests of 19,000 years, and yet beneath and mingled with the roots of the natural fir, stone and flint implements have been found in considerable number But what will the reader say when I inform him that flint implement and pieces of pot- tery have been found in Denmark lying on the drift beneath fifty feet of peat. The reader very naturally enquires why human remains are not found with the flint weapons. and I answer that men do not generaly die where they hunt. In my travels through the wilds of Australia, I have found many stone axes, and hundreds upon hundreds of dead animals, but I never fell in with a defunct black fellow or his bones. During a very hot summer I came upon a dried up swamp, on the margin of which I found the bodies or skeletons of 113 kanga roos, 95 birds and a bandicoot; near which lay three stone axes and a spear head made of bone. Now if some diluvial action had covered them over with mud, which had hardened into slate, these remains would be in precisely the same position as those found in the slate at Dusseldorf, that is, stone and bone implements might be found near the remains of animals; but no bones of man. As I have before stated, some people per sist in denying that the stone and flint im plements in question were made by human hands, and so in like manner did they deny the authenticity of the fossil bones. In 1811 a complete specimen of the Ietbyosirus was found, with its lizard's head, crocodile's teeth, tail and trunk of an elephant, chame leon's ribs, whale's paddles, and the neck of a brobdignagian swan. It was thirty feet long, had frightful jaws, six feet in length, and its eyes were so perfect that the petri fled lenses were split off and used as magnify ing glasses. In 1828 a specimen of that most incongruous monster the pterodactyle was found equally complete, but men would not believe their own eyes. "Pooh, pooh!" they cried, " it is all nonsense - mere chance marks upon the rock ;" but posterity will not confirm their scepticism. In like manner, when pieces of sculptured magnificence were found in the centre of America's pathless world of woods, "Oh!" they cried, " these are merely evidences of the glacial period they were transported hither by icebergs," as if temples had ever existed in the polar regions. It must be borne in mind that geology is still in its infancy, and much that seems at variance and irreconcilable now will be ex- plained by future discovery; for instance, the tooth of an extinct horse has been found at Mosquito Plains, in Australia, which, con- sidering its geological condition, is one of the last plsces on earth where we would look for such an animal. A marsupial mare would appear to us one of the greatest anomalies in nature, and in reality it is not a whit more incongruous than a marsupial mouse. Pre-Adamite horses probably inhabited a lovely world which stood where the vast At-. lantic now rolls its ceaseless waves. Their bones have been fished up from mud hun- dreds of fathoms deep, and shrubs and bushes which lay far too deep for any distur- bance have been torn up from their roots by the dredge. That continent was submerged by the upheaval of America, and as the up heaval was a gradual one, stretching over several ages, some of the horses reached the new continent, and, being unfit for their new condition of life, died out, others reached Europe, and ultimately adapted themselves by natural selection to their new abode; or crossed into Asia or Africa, for all was united by dry land. Ireland is a portion -- the only one remaining - of that lost world, and as the water of the ocean was then tepid, no gulf stream was required. The Irish elk was probably contemporary with the Atlantic horse; and it is a well known fact that bones of the former have been found on a " bank " which stretches from Erin to America, and which seems to have been in the lost world the summit of a chain of mountains. I myself saw one antler of the Irish elk which was fished up in the Atlantic at a depth of fifty fathoms, and that horn, in its attenuated condition, weighed 75lbs; and it is equally well known that although fossils are numerous on the western shores of Ire land, none have been found on the east. How extraordinary are the discoveries we are yearly making. Who would have believed that flint is the excrement of whales hardened by a peculiar chemical agency, and yet Professor Wallich has clearly demon- strated that it is so. Who would have a- credited that seedlings which have been bound up in coprolites for thirty thousand years have still retained their vitality; or that marble is merely a mass of insects welded together by adhesion. We may yet be able to trace out the creative and the ex- tirminating influences, and thereby discover whether animal species are fixed and immut- able or subject to change, and to what limit such change" would extend. The question is not what change has been effected during our grandfathers lifetimes, nor what has been effected during the whole span of history, but what has happened during, the vast in- comprehensible countless ages of geology. I do not assume that in the small almost in- finitesinal period of time that constitutes the life of a man, any very preceptible mutation of species would take place. It will be enough to give countenance to the hypothesis if any tendency to such metamorphosis shall have been observed, and no careful observer can deny that amongst all animal there is a strong tendency to new peculiarities. Does not the squatter change and modify the out line of his sheep, giving them finer wool and different features? Does not the dog fancier change the very anatomy of his favourities, giving them by crossing, long or short limbs, or round or oblong skulls at pleasure, and is. it not certain that these mutations can be in- creased and perpetuated? So long as we speculate only on the changes effected on wool or features, or even the for- mation of canine skull bones, the mind is so quiescent; but, when we assume that man has arrived at what he is through the inter mediate state of some lower animal, the proposition is too startling to receive a proper consideration, and we forget that the influence that changes hair into wool, might in a vast period of time change a claw into a paddle and a paddle into a paw. The cheek or ex- tirminating inflence is even more perplexing than the theory of development by selection. A fiat goes forth, and man, animals, plants and even the very stones of the earth, all together shrink and die. It is true that many have been overwhelmed in the drift, or perished by causes consequent upon sudden. convulsions in the world; but, it is equally true that whole races have died oot without an apparent change in the conditions of life. The aborigines of Austalia may be under the ban of extinction, because although it is perfectly true that many have died and are still dying from habit and diseases received from the whites; it is is said that the mortality amongst them is just sd great where they have had no in- tercourse with Europeans. They seem to be aware of that painful truth themselves, and often when asked where their deceased friends have gone,. " To the clouds" they reply " where we all are going soon." The following translation of their corobree songs shows how painfully they are alive to the awful truth. [To be continued.] (The right of reproduction and translation is reserved.) 