THE "TOO LIBERAL" LAND SYSTEM. SIR: From remarks current in conversation, newspaper correspondence, and leading articles, it appears to me that there is not a general ap- <*> preciation of the full liberality extended to the public in the recent action of the present "liberal" Ministry. I have particularly re^ marked the supposed introduction of the Vic torian character, " Dummy," and it seems generaUy conceded that the presence of this per sonage is necessary to supplement a supposed want of liberality in the receut conjunction of the Leasing-cum-Reservog Acts. That this sUent but useful member of society is needed in Victoria, must be apparent to every reader of the Land Acts of 1862 and 1865, presently exist ing in that colony; and had Dr. ChaUinor suc ceeded in obtaining the introduction into our land laws of the 15th clause of the Victorian Act, or even had schedule B of our own Re serves Act of 1863 been adopted in the Leasing Act of 1866, the presence of this mute friend of the land monopolist would be unavoidable. But I must own that after a rather careful perusal of our Reserves Act, as interpreted by the Leas ing Act, when Uluminated by Ministerial Ught, I cannot fuUy understand why you have raised the ghosts of such difficulties in your leading article of the 14th inst. You there say, "Butwhen some of the magnates on the Downs, beUeving that they are sure of Ministerial protection, re: sort to the unscrupulous use of the ' dummy system,' and in the names of their employes get possession of thousands of acres of the pick of their holdings in the course of a few days." It wUI, in the first place, be the duty of the House to enquire concerning the truth of the declara tions (what declarations ?) made in cases where there are substantial reasons for beUeving that an offence punishable as^ perjury may have been committed by certain applicants, who may have been suborned to make false declarations by other persons having a deeper interest in such transactions. And again, " What a de lightful thing it wUI be to remain for twelve months at the mercy of grooms and stockmen, who may turn round at last and claim their 320 acres and defy all consequences." Now really, Sir, if aU these difficulties were to be encoun tered they would greatly qualify the present " too great liberality" of things. But there are> no such difficulties, as I shall presently show. In schedule B to tho Agricultural Reserves Act of 1863, being the form of application under, the free selection clause of that Act, there is the declaration, —" I live in Queensland; lam above the age of twenty-one years; and I apply for such portion on my own behalf and for my own use, and not as an agent or trustee for any other person whatsoever, and I have not applied for any other portion of land in the said agricultural reserve; and I further declare that I apply for the said portion in order that I may use and occupy the same, and that I have not entered into any agreement to seU, demise, or mortgage the said portion." Is there any such declaration necessitated under the Leasing Act ? Nothing of the kind. I should certainly not be surprised if such a form were issued at the present time for appU cants. It would look weU, and to the eyes of the public its temporary use would modify the " too great liberahty " of the Land Office ; but not being necessitated, we could not of course expect its continuance when the first blast of. popular apprehension wiU have passed. The form proper for applicants under the Leasing Act is appended to that Act, and it is bold enough: —" I hereby apply to be declared and entered as lessee under the Leasing Act of 1866, of the allotment of land specified below. I herewith tender tho sum of , and I agree to all the conditions and restrictions of the said. Act so far as the same apply to the said land." Such is the only legal and acknowledged form of application for leasing land at two shillings and sixpence per acre, and should any other form be insisted on by the Land Office, it can be legally resisted. Presuming always, of course, that the recent action of the Ministry is itself legal. Besides, it will be conceded by any person carefully collating the Reserves and Leasing Acts, that the Leasing Act is complete in itself, and is in no particular affected by the terms and provisions of the Reserves Act, except where specifically mentioned. That specific mention is in the 12th clause of the Leasing Aot : " Pro vided only that if taken up on lease, they (namely, lands in reserves) shaU be subject to the same condition and restriction as to cultivation and quantity as if they were selected by purchase." This "provided only" is the sole restriction, the sole condition imported into the Leasing Act, j from the Agricultural Reserves Acts of 1860 J and 1863, and it simply necessitates that the i lessee cultivate one-sixth of his holding, and do ; not take up on lease beyond 320 acres. Taking the interpretation of the present Ministry, the Reserves Act throws the land open for selection, keeps it so for one month, and then abandons it for ever. Thereupon the Leasing Act takes possession of it, and the only impress and foot print of the former act which it bears, and which are specifically adopted by the new aot, are "320" and "one-sixth." Where then are the difficulties in the way, or what is there to stay the onward progress of J this most liberal of land systems P Dare the - land agent say to yon, " Declare, Sir, that you reside in Queensland." You may boU your " bUly" in Timbuctoo if you can only write from i that post town, and say, " I hereby apply to ;be declared and entered as lessee." Are you ( twenty-one years of age ? It matters not if you j are not so many days If you are only a "person," and in such a sense as John Stuart I MUI never dreamt of—if only with infantine treble you can pipe out " I hereby apply;" and j if you cannot yourself, your dad can pipe it for j you. "Do you apply on your own. behalf, for your own use, and not as agent, trustee P Ac." The question is simply impertinent: you may apply for your grandmother, and, if difficulty should arise, you can apply for yourself, and next morning, under clauses 8 and 9 of the Leasing Act, you can transfer it over to your aged and venerated relative; and as for agree ments to sell, demise, or mortgage, you are free to bind. yourself and your lease hold precisely according to your own sweet will. Whers then, Sir, are tho grounds for fear that the friends of the present Ministry may have "to remain for twelve months at the mercy of grooms and stockmen who may turn round at last and claim their 320 acres, atd defy all con sequences ?" Or, why have the matter pending for twelve months, more than twelve hours? In the seventh clause of the Reserves Aot, it was provided that if within twelve months the selector make declaration that he has resided six months on the land, cultivated one-sixth, and fenced substantiaUy, then " a deed of grant shall be issued."' That is, supposing he wants a deed of grant;—but supposing he does not; supposing he wants only a lease; why he gets it at once under clause 5 of the Leasing Act, which says :—" The person declared lessee shaU receive from the land-agent a lease." And that lease he can hand over to any one he pleases, on the spot, and register the transfer for ten shillings. Under the Leasing Art, on getting your right and title to the land, aU tbe con ditions are in the future, so that from the first moment you have got a negotiable commodity. You need have no apprehension then of any alteration in the relations of master and servant. The master can as safely entrust his £40 for a day to his groom as he can one of his valuable horses ; and the groom can go as boldly into the Land Office as the intending cotton planter. There is no reason for his acting dummy ; he can bo as loquacious as he likes, or he may merely say, "I hereby apply to be declared, and entered as lessee," and forthwith " the person declared lessee shall receive from. the Land Agent a lease." Where is the temptation for perjury here ? Why there is not an opening for the greatest liar in Queensland. I trust I have shown that our present land system, as administered by our present Executive, v one of great liberality indeed; so Überal that I think none but the most insatiate and unreason able could complain of it on that score. Let Us DANGER. see its points. Any man, woman, or chUd, in Queensland or out of it, can become by free selection the lessee of 320 acres of land, or the mortgagee, and assignee, and eventually pro prietor in fee simple of 320,000, or any greater amount. It is true he wiU be expected to cul tivate one-sixth of this, but this UUberal condition is susceptible of " Überal" interpre tation at the hands of a Ministry of so " Überal" proclivities. There can be nodanger, in fact there is no fear on the part of selectors, we are told, that this condition will be made oppressive to the poor man, or the rich one either; at least if the preseat Ministry hold the reins of state. Now let us trace things to their natural result. A wealthy capitalist of Victoria finds the sphere of his activity circumscribed by that scoundrelly long winded" 15th clause of the Victorian Land Act, with all its insane objections to " sublessee, assignee, infant, married woman, agent, servant, trustee," &c.; A Chirnside or an Alphabet Clarke, he has long felt his 5?,000 or 400,000 acres of land as affording insufficient sphce for his mental activity, and turns his longing eyes to the cotton lands and sugar fields of Queensland. With mind keenly whetted by years of conflict with cockatoos and hostUe land legislation, he takes up our land system as dispensed by our liberal Government; he b'ghtly skims it over, and winks with his dexter orbit. Presently a horde of surveyors make their appearance, and application after application comes over from Victoria, until, aay, a thousand lots of the finest agri cultural lands of Queensland, in blocks of 320 acres, conterminous or otherwise, are the lease hold property of names that represent, or are understood to represent, as many persons resi dent in Victoria. No sooner have the leases been'issued, which must be immedinte, than an equal number of ten-shilling pieces are sent to our Surveyor-General, under the Bth and 9th clauses of our Leasing Act, in order to " trans fer, assign, or encumber the same," and aU in favor of the name of one transferree, assignee, or mortgagee—to wit, the Chirnside or Olarke aforesaid—who in due time, by foreclosure of mortgage, and by cash down, or by instalments of twelve and a-half per cent, per annum, be comes the happy holder of 320,000 acres. Sir, only let it be borne- in mind that there is no limit to the quantity of land that may be thus held in mortgage, and I pubUcly assert, and I defy contradiction, that all the foregoing, with out the slightest difficulty or risk, and with the least possible subterfuge, is quite attainable under the present administration of theLeasing oum-Reserves Acts. And I would add, that no further land law is necessary; and all that is requisite in order to make the present system perfect in " Überality" is to extend the agri cultural reserves from Moreton Island to Cooper's Creek, and from Cape York to Point Danger. I beUeve tbis is the view also of the present Ministry. Now, Sir, I ask is this what we want for settling the people on the lands of Queensland ? la this not the very peril that has ever been the terror of the Überal party in every colony of Australia ? Is it not the very acme of the per fection of pre-emptive right ? Extend it over the colony, and soon capital wUI be forthcoming to convert squattages into enormous freehold sheep farms. The squatter can soon obtain or manufacture names, to take up aU the fat of his run—names that at the same moment will mort gage their blocks to the wealthy squatting agent in Sydney, a capitalist who wiU have but to pay twelve and a-half per cent, per annum, or Uttle over bank interest, to acquire the fee simple of the principality over which his flocks and herds are roaming. What a noble security this to the agent for the permanence of the run. What oapital it would unquestionably import into Queensland; buf, ah! at what a woful cost. The finest, richest lands, would all be speedUy absorbed- in enormous permanent sheep walks, and for ages to come Queensland would be just as she is. In . neighboring colonies they have found the need of sternly and rigidly standing np against enormous land monopoly, and yet in Victoria, radical, reckless, and gold digging, in spite of every pre caution enormous freeholds of hundreds of thousands of acres are stiU wasted in the pro portion of five acres to a sheep. There, in spite of fiercest opposition and keenest scrutiny, capital has at times succeeded in monopolising the land. Here we have seen every Legislative barrier torn aside (we beUeve illegally) ; and we say the Ministry has surpassed its predecessors in " Überality." Sir, it is true. Our squatting Ministry has not done a new thing. Some there are that compare the action of tbe present Ministry to that of the Conservative Ministry in Westminster, abandoning Conservatism and outstripping even the Liberals in Reform. What shaUow observation! Who, with any reflection, would charge squatters with iUibera- Uty in land reform ? What more Überal than land at five shUlinge—aye, half-a-crown per acre, and no restrictions or conditions; and this has been tbe effort of the party now in power for years past; and who have been the advocates of high npset price and stringent conditions of residence and cultivation with the people and the guardians of the people's interests ? And in the neighboring colonies it has always been the same. I need not explain the cause ; it is obvious to all. But Ido express my astonish ment at those who seem to look on the late fllegal action of the Ministry as a bold stroke for popular favor. Sir, on the contrary, it i the mad act of tbe reckless in seizing the first moment for carrying out what has been their wUd wish during years of hopeless effort. That the squatters are too liberal in deaUng with the pubUc lands has always been the nightmare of the popular guardians of ours and our children's heritage ; that through their liberality the pubUc lands would speedily pass into tbe greedy hands of unproductive monopolists who would keep Australia for ever a wUderness, has been the grim phantom ever present with the friends of the poople. Whether the action of the present Ministry he legal or Ulegal, I stay not to enquire ; it is at least in strict accordance with the past tenets and aspirations of the party. If it is Ulegal, it is an outrage on law and order consummated in the moment of party victory, which has, I think, not a paraUel in colonial Executive ad ministration. If legal, then it behoves the friends and guardians of the people's interests to rise as one man, and sweep away this unex pected monster which has appeared amongst our statutes; for if, as at present appears, by unlimited powers of assignment and mortgage, and with out even the email curb of residence with culti tivation, one man could by possibility become possessed of all the fertile lands included within our agricultural reserves, and these reserves are of indefinite extension, and may embrace the whole colony of Queensland; then beyond all controversy our land system is the very embodi ment of pubUc We have been informed that the deputation of gentlemen who went to the Logan for the purpose of forming a branch of the East Moreton Farmers' Association there, have expressed themselves as extremely gratified at the rapidly increasing area of land devoted to sugar-growing in that district. A correspondent, of the Ararat Advertiser says:—" One of the greatest hardships to which hutkeepers and shepherds, and mc n otherwise employed on stations are exposed, is their being compeUed to sleep in hark huts during the sum mer time, for as these huts —notwithstanding the utmost efforts of the hutkecper or the master of the station—invariably afford a safe harbor for vermin, the lodgers are continuaUy annoyed by their merciless attacks at night. In one or two instances I have foUowed the plan of having the bark weU scraped and washed with tar, and find this to be an admirable defence against ver min of any kind. The walls and roof are kept perfectly free by this means, and if but common care be used by the men in looking after their beds, they may sleep as comfortable in this de scription of house as in the best kept residenca in Melbourne. One hut under my directions was taken down and scraped, whereby thousands —if not millions—of one description of vermin anal their ova were displaced. The tar brush was applied, and for two or three years, that is to say up to the present time, no annoyance has been experienced by any dweUer therein. I beUeve if tbis custom were oftener foUowed, the -comfort of form servants and station hands would be more secured." 