The dissolution, now imminent, is a political necessity arising from a defect in the Constitution. Responsible repre sentative Government is, or ought to be, a system of checks. The Legislative Council is free from any legal control, and is, therefore, an anomaly among our institutions. No doubt it is amenable to public opinion, and must yield to it. But the pressure of public opinion, however irresistible, is slow and operose ; cumu lative rather than prompt ; overwhelming rather than trenchant. It is a groat power, but, like tho thunder or tho earth quake, it cannot bo controlled by metes and bounds either of time, locality, or intensity. A constitutional check should be something that can be applied so as to produce a determinate effect iu a given period. The lordliugs of the Council boast that no power on earth can move them from any position that they may choose to take up. With reasonable men, the occupation of such a place in the S tat-o would be an argument for moderation . The Sultan has the power of life and death in his hands, but it does not follow that he should spend his days in how stringing his subjects ; but our lordliugs aro not reasonable men, and they tako advantage of the defect in the Constitu tion to do things which they would not dare to do if thero were any means of making themresp'onsible for their actions. Since there is no immediate check which can bo brought to hear upon them, there is no other resource than to bring down upon them the weight of public opinion ; and hence tho necessity ior a general election, even although there he no way of subjecting them, otherwise than vica riously, to its inconveniences. Thero is one comfort, however, even in this ap parent inequality — a general election always costs moro to tho losers than to the winners — the Council's party will have to pay more than tho Assembly's — and tbo threat to force a series of disso lutions which has been repeatedly and shamelessly thrown out by tho Council's organ, will fly homo to roost when it has failed in its mission. Notwithstanding the contempt which the lordliugs havo for the people, there would havo been no ether way of carrying on the Government had they actually formed a Ministry when the opportunity was afforded them, than by doing the very thing they now affect to contemn. Tho Fellows - cum - Duffy Ministry could not have maintained their position for a month without a dissolutien. Thoy might thus have held place and power while there was no Parliament, but thoy would have been compelled to retire within a week after the assembling of a new one. At every turn the Govern ment are brought face to face with the people. A patriotic Opposition should feel that they also have responsibilities ; hut our Opposition are simply and purely selfish, and therefore they sneer at what does not immediately toucli them. A dissolution is desirable, if it were for no other purpose than to demonstrate to those who do not believe in it the power of the popular voico. Let the country speak, and then lot tho lordlings feel how their own pulses beat, and take whatever course they may find thoy have tho courage to go through with. It assuredly will not be that of attempting to govern the colony in de fiance of the will of the colonists. Mr Macpherson has given notice of his intention to bring tho question of tho propriety of resort to a dissolution under discussion in the Assombly this evening. The resolutioh which he has penned and which he is going to submit is one of the most curious of its kind that we havo mot with. It is hard to tell whether it is meant to be a vote of censure on tho Ministry, on the Ceuncil, or on the Governor, or a declaration of the irresponsibility of the Assembly. It is, of course, only as a vote of censure on tha Ministry that it can be entertained, and it is in this light that its absurdity is most manifest, for the very issue which itraises is a proper one upon which to appeal to the country. Let the imagination be stretched to sup pose the resolution carried. What en sues ? Instead of appealing to the countiy on the Constitutional powers of tho two Chambers, the Ministry might say, let tho countiy decide between us and Mr Macpherson. The ludierous ness of the situation would bo rendered still more excruciating if, on the motion being carried, the Ministry were to re sign and Mr Magpiierson were to form 'another Ministry. What would the new Government do if the Assembly were to refuse to separate the Darling vote from the Appropriation Bill — tho nostrum in the efficacy of which Mr Macpherson is supposed to believe ? Why, resort to a dissolution, or keep going round in a circle by resigning in turn,- ministry after ministry dropping down like children playing 'ring-a- ' rosy.' It would bo humiliating to havo to listen to grown - up men with beards on their faces seriously discussing such a resolution as that now to be tabled. Tho Upper House is the place for such absurdities ; there they play at passing votes of want of confidence in all tho powers of tho State, not excepting themselves sometimos, and going so far as to threaten to pass in succession fifteen votes of want of confi dence in the people. Mr ? Macpherson should submit to the dissolution, and seek admission to the Chamber at the other end of tho building. There must be an appeal to tho countiy, and the sooner it is made the better it will be even for those who have no hopes of being again returned, for thoy will assuredly gain neither credit nor renown by staying where they are. The majority of the Assembly do not seem to fear a dissolution. Their expenses will be slight compared to thoso the Opposition will have to incur, and the satisfaction of another triumph is suffi cient recompense for a greater sacrifice. It is veiy, very galling to have to pay heavily for a defeat, and it must bo to its own party that all those infamous ap peals to the mercenary motives of mem bers which aro made by our Collins street contemporary, aro directed. We use the word ' infamous' advisedly, for what other word can express the conduct of a man who would be influenced in his opinions on a public question by the fear of having to pay a few paltry election expenses which he may regulate at pleasure to suit his pocket ? and if the thing bo infamous, what else can the recommendation to do it be ? The man who would change his opinions for such a base consideration would not hesitate to beg for postage stamps on false pretences, and it is fitting that tho defence of both actions should flow from the same pen. Death has been busy lately, thinning the ranks of tho medical profession, and those whom death hath spared awhile are busy filling up tho vacancies. And so, ' From lionr to hour wo ripe and ripe, And then from hour to hoar we rot and rot, And thereby hangs a tale.' It should bo proof of worth, and of respect due to the memory of tho departed, that they were so far in influence or esteem as to hold high public appointments. And such proof it would be were it not asserted upon what ought to ho trust worthy authority — the authority of the representative organ of the profession itself — that, owing to the disreputable in trigues and artifices resorted to in medi cal candidature, the post of honor be comes the pillory of disgrace. Whether thero is a grain of truth or not in this sovore censure, or whether it bo not splenetic, there is a passing opportunity of judging. Among those who are called upon to make good a death-gap are the contribu tors to the Lying-in Hospital. Tho committee of this institution have asked for duly qualified medical men for the office of honorary physician, and such men have responded. In this call Is enjoined the condition that candidates must not only be duly, but doubly quali fied: that is to say, in the obsolete language of antiquated ignorance, both physician and surgeon. The notion of 1 efficacy in a double qualification is a relic of barbarous times, when a trading company of apothecaries held a monopoly of legal power to sell physic and exact fees. Since that abuse has been swept away, educational interests have boen assimilated, titular distinctions have become nominal, and preferences en tirely individual. It is, therefore, in perpetuation of a prejudice, stupid, illiberal, and suicidal, that this rule is still adhered to by the management of tho Hospital. Formed for them in a spirit of unmitigated selfishness, it is tolerated by abject pusillanimity of those whom it insults. It may bo necessary to exemplify the inso lence of the rule in the possible range of its operation. It would havo excluded the two distinguished candidates now in possession of the field, before they took an additional degree at our local Univer sity. Till then they were ineligible. The vast accretion of obstetrical lore during those few memorable examination hours made all the difference. (To-morrow's papers were not then given out to- day.) It shuts out many well-known men, suc cessful in that special department of practice, who, either satisfied with the qua lifications they already possessed, or deterred by self-respect, did not submit to a humiliating ordeal bofore equals or inferiors, arrogating the function of examiners in a grotesque farce. Tha bitter reviling of friends against sorno cabal amply justified those actuated by tho prouder motive. Hence tho reason why so few accepted the degree, and why so small a number are eligible by this exclusive rule of the Lying-in Hospital. But lest closer allusion be deemed in vidious, further illustration of its pre posterous character can be drawn from other sources. It would preclude many really eminent obstetricians, men whoso fame is world-wide. Her Majesty's own physician accoucheur would have no status under it. Tho veteran Robert Lee would be disqualified. Dr. Ferguson, alhoit profossor of midwifery iu King's College, and in every way distinguished, could not meet the requirement. Tho same can be said of Tyler Smith, Hall Davis, West, Bennett, Graily Hewitt, Clay of Manchester, Marion Sims, Pagan oi Glasgow, and a host of others, in every sense the highest on the roll ; to which may bo added tho names of Spenceb Wells and Baker Brown, who happen to have achieved celebrity under a single surgical denomination. Should they dream of coming hither, perhaps Dublin or even St. Andrew's might claim the honor of conferring tho honorary degree of merit, if that would serve suffi ciently to distinguish them from tho proletarian one - qualification men, and raise them among the elite of our medical faculty. Crossing the Channel to those who have made the Rotunda so famous as a school of mid wifery, it will equally be perceived that if Evory Kennedy or Fleetwood Churchill wore induced to try their luck in a golden country, thoy would find no golden field for the oxercitation of their splendid talents and vast stores of knowledge, till drilled a little by those thoy may havo taught - in the farce of making their one qualification two. On the clearest evidence, therefore, it is shown that a narrow-minded regulation, concocted in a spirit of ineffable suobbism, lies like an ugly blur on tho books of this precious Hospital, a rule of which tho like disgraces no similar institution in any other part of the world. That it might be rescindod on high-toned principle of equity is too much to hope for. Tho conservative element which consecrates every vested corruption, is ever potent, oven if a reckless volubility did not blunder in the diagnosis, and put down every rational consideration. A moro cogent argument could he urged, and would avail if tho committee wero actu ated by mercenary motives. ; Tho pur chasing of votes, so grossly abused - at the General Hospital as to bo abolished, is here still tolerated.' Subscribers can pay or bo paid for and vote on tbe in stant. The contest is theroforo merely a question of investment of capital, to which fitness is subordinated. That such buying of votes is going on needs no formal assertion. As it is a question of the longest purse, not of the host head, a provident management would make the most of it, in increasing tho corruptive power by multiplying the number of cor rupters, and allure some lucky digger to out-bid all comers. If venality is to be countenanced, it inay as well be syste matically open, not hidden and limited under a snivelling hypocrisy. The game of'' cuff and scramble' need not be re stricted to a select few, but scattered among plebeians as well, or whoever may have a guinea to toss, from the top of Collins-street to tho bottom. To restrict this form of gambling docs not lessen tho evil, while it is inimical to the pecuniary interests of the chanty. If one only is to be permitted to throw the wealth of all nations broad cast, he alone will expect that in return ' all nations shall serve him.' But, although the committee may take advan tage of an act at once of lavish folly and cupidity to replenish their exchequer and not be very venal, one thing they cannot suffer to pass nnrebuked and de servo the name of charitably Christian men and women. Whatever be the polity of maintaining such au institution, whether it succor virtue or prompt to vice, in chastity or bastardy, or bo merely incidentally useful as a school, are mat ters foroigu to the present purple. Let it at least exist subject to tbe common amenities of life in civilised society. The rude shock to the last honn of an incumbent is not necessary to its success. The brutal outrage upon all feeling in tbe indecent haste to fill hu shoes should be resented by everything humane. The disclaimer ef Dr. Living ston, who iu despair and disgust retire, from the contest, needs no commentary. : Tho subscribers wero canvassed before , the vacancy was announced. Rumoi ha. it that circulars were printed before it took place, but this is perhaps oier - stated. Hamlet's mother or tbe Pope successor could not be more truculent, ,- yet no ghost returns to tell the mockery of death and friendship as they laid h® ^ in the grave. 