TUB LIFE AND ADVENTURES OF THE CELEBRATED ITALIAN BANDIT. ( Written expressly for the Chronicle.) chal'tkil VI. Wc left the bandit and Ins ineu victorious against the pontifical troops. The mere hand- ful now left of the latter, compared with the numerous utid well- armed bauditti, had retired, and by the aid of a disappointed spy, formerly in the service of Gasparoni, determined by a long circuitous route to gain the next camping station of Lho Bricaud Chief, aud cut awav nil further communication between him and his wandering tribes, and thus foil his attempts in collecting further reinforcements. In this they succeeded, and followed on to the two remain ing camping grounds for a tmnilnr object. They bad now arrived within seventy miles of tho coast of the Adriatic, where they halted, fully expecting Gasparoui and his band would travel thithor rather than return towards Home aud its environs, where the nows of tho lute en gigcinent would have reached, and aroused the Government to renewed vigilanco. Three weeks had transpired sinco the memo rable encounter between tho brigand and his banditti and his beaten enemies. Finding no obstacle in his way, Gospuroni imagined that tho scattered few of the troops left to tell the tnlo of their dofcut had returned to head quar ters in the Holy City. So convinced did he feel of such a probability that lie dispersed his men, retaining around him only twenty-three of his own private baud. Flushed with his victory, and feeling biinselfsccurc from further pursuit by so small a body of soldiers, he was lesson his guard than usual, aud spent some nights in a hearty carousal with his men. The wine cup had had its usual effects among such u class, and many of his men by idleness, and tho want of proper precaution, had lost several of their horses, as well as baggage and ammu nition. He assumed his customary severity to bring under bis discifdine again all that lio could muster, but some of them in a state of inebriety bad straggled away from the rest, others, fatigued by their march through such impenetrable country, dropped by the wayside, and a few deserted his ranks until at last lie found himself left with ouly his lieutenant and three of bis oldest followers. He there fore determined on making for the coast, to embark and sail round to Home. He had nearly arrived tit his last camping place when, to his surprise, he saw it was in possession of troops, whose conspicuous uniform he could easily discern at a distance. Ho had now reached more open country, where tho mounted gendarmes could engage more easily in his pursuit. The spy in the pay of the trnops had remained faithful to them on the promise of a large reward, and was still incited moro tlinn ever to the capture of his former muster, failing which and falling into his hands nifuiw, lie knew a terrible death awaited him. It was lutQ ou a winter's eveuing that two baggage tunica belonging to thebauditti strayed home to their old quarters, now occupied by the troops. Their sudden arrival with their pack K iddles empty of all provisions, and with but a small sio-k of ammunition, at once left the s ddicrs to surmise that cither Gasparoui and his men hud quarrelled aud separated, or that they were revelling in soino drunken frolic, and had allowed the mules to straggle away. Gasparoni too saw them slowly winding their way uud browsing on the bridle-path, and with his men gdloped off to intercept them, lie bad not gnuo far, however, wheu he saw the soy advancing followed by tbc mouuted gen darmes. He allowed the former to approach within gun shot, when he rose in his stirrups, levelled his musket, fired, and shot hiin dead Ti'<ini ills Uoi2»e. lie .then turned ruuud ood culling his iiicu together fled back towards the mountains— the gendarmes following, with their horses long rested and fresh for their work, in but pursuit, 6pccdily gained upon him. Seeing all hope at an end to escape from the bridle path, Gasparoni suddenly dismouutcd ami entered tho scrub where, as night was fist closing in, ho know no horseman could follow him. lie knew the country so well that lie had no difficulty in making his way towards a shepherd's hut only ahoutfour miles distant. Having yafely arrived tin re, ho cou- c.'riled nil his weapou but his musket, and knowing the but to bo only inhabited by an aged man and bin wife, lie knocked at the door and busgi'd, as a strangor who had lust his way, for a night's lodging, displaying at the same tiinoad'dlar, which, in those parts, was a high prico indeed for such accommodation. Tbe tempting offer, and perhaps some charitable fueling enmbiued, induced the aged pair to at oneo er.»nt his request. Tliey bad only three rooms in the hut, tho Vest of which they op- propriiped to the use of their visitor. After providing him with refreshments tliounsnspect- itiii nouph retired tobed to rest, but their visitor continued to watch, to plan, and to scheme. Sumo strong presentiment stole into his mind that he would soon bo surprised by Ids tin- relmtthu! foes. Ho therefore determined to bo prepared for them, and soil bis life us dearly. as pOM.mc. A thought struck biui that if bis frock should be traced, ho would quietly await tbc attack of bis pursuers, and rather than make a cowardly surrender lie would blow tbc house up with gunpowder, even at tho risk of his own life. Yet how could he commit such an act without causing tbc death of the aged couple who had so generously befriended hiin ? A thought struck him that lie would further reward them, and thon get rid uf them alto gether by stratagem. lie therefore rose from his rude couch, and silently striking a light, took from his purse three more dollars and placed them in the pocket of the shepherd's cloak that hung with bis bat and staff, close to tbc outer door. Tins done, lie wrapped bim- solf up iu a sheet nnd feigned to he a ghost, making a most hideous moaning nnd plututive howling, that speedily aroused his host and hostess. Their alarm was so great that tliey suddenly dressed themselves, and, under the usual superstition of the peasants of Italy, speedily fled from their habitation. Gasparoni had the satisfaction of seeing the poor old shepherd envelope himself with the cloak he had enriched by his donation, and then pre pared his desperate plan for escape from his capture by his dreaded enemies. Thoir dis covery of him and his extraordinary eseapo from them, shall bo told in iny next and lust chapter. (To he Continued.) Important to New Settlers. — Tbe Sydney ' Empire,' of the 8th instant, contains the decision of three of tho Judges of the Supreme Court in n case of appeal, Parker v. Bowman, against n decision by Mr. District Judge Howling, under 0 George IV., No. 12. The action was one for money expended by plaintiff on bchulf of tho defendant, in erect ing a fence which divided the laud of the parties. Tho Judge gave a verdict for tbc plaintiff, nnd the present appeal was made on the ground that tho notice giren to the de fendant of plaintiff's intention to erect the fcuce was uot sufficient, and that the notice had not been delivered to the proper person. It appeared that the defendant's laud was in the occupation of a third person, aud it was held that, as ho was the legal occupant, he ought to have boon served with the notice. It was contended by counsel for the plaintiff," that the verdict had been given independently of the Act, nnd that tho evidence showed that there had been a special contract bctwccu the plaintiff and the defendant by which a notice under the statue bad been waived, and that therefore, the plaintiff was clearly entitled to a verdict. It might be that the notice was not sufficient under the Act; but tho proceed ings did uot clearly show that the defendant had been sued under the statute, but merely , for money paid on behalf of the defendaut. On the other hand it was contended that (here could be no waiver, and that tbc whole pro ceedings showed that the action was brought under the statute. That being the case, it was absolutely essential the plaintiff should do all things prescribed by tho Act. Tho plaintiff had not dono so, and there fore, it was contended that the decision of tho Judge was wrong and ought to be set aside. The Attorney-General and Mr. llodgers appeared in support of tho appeal, and Mr. .Stephen in support of tlie District Court Judge's dccisiou. Their Honors sustained the decision ; they wore of opinion that tho notice served upon tho defuudant, although n loug rambling document, was sufficient to show the pluintiff the iutcution of the defendant to erect the fence. Hut even if the notice lmd not been sufficient in tbc first instance, tbero was a waiver on the part of tbc defendant who had referred the plaintiff to the tenant. Tbc Act, in the opinion of their Honors, made either the owner or tho occupier liable to half tho cost of tho erection of a dividing fence, and there had been no evidence to rebut tbc con clusion arrived at by the District Court Judge. Tho appeal was therefore dismissed with costs. Church Plate, ex Geeloxg. — a rumour has been in circulation, during tbc last fort night, that the gold plnte prcseuted, by the Queen of Spain, to St. Mary's Cathedral, brought out by tho Spanish Consul, iu the mail steamer Geolong, and valued at £2000, had been passed by tho Collector of Customs, free of nd-valorcm duty, and upon payment of one shilling package duty only. We find, upon inquiry, that tbe rumour is correct — and that Mr. Duncan undertook to admit the plate frco of duty, without reference to tbe Ministerial head of his department. Tbe facts of the case, as wc arc informed, came to the knowledge of the Treasurer hyaccidunt, but when Mr Eagor was made acquainted with them he called upon Mr. Duncan to make good the ad-valorcm duty, amounting to £100. This sum lias accordingly been paid. The opinion of tbe Crown Law Officers having been obtained by the Treasurer as to the propriety of Mr. Duncan's proceedings, thuy have decided that he was not authorised by law to remit the duty. It will, we think, bo found that although Mr. Duncan was not justified in acting upon his own responsibility in the matter, bo should havo referred thc- case to his Ministerial superior for the decision of theExccutive. The article, being a royal gift, is exempt from duty. Under our local customs laws, it is true that no exemption of tbc kind is provided for, but by tbc Imperial customs' regulations, " presents made by foreign princes" are expressly named ns entitled to a remission of duty. This exemption, wc make no doubt, would bo held by tbe Imperial Government to apply to any part of bcr Majesty's dominions. To levy duty upon a royal gift would be to act in opposition to a custom of almost universal observance in civilised countries. Still it is clear that the case in question was ono which ought to bavo been referred to the Executive for decision, nnd this not having been dono, tbo Treasurer has very properly interfered, and enforced the payment of the duty, pending such action in the matter as ought to have been taken at first for its remission, as an act of courtesy to a foreign potentate, aod not bccauso exemption could he legally claimed. In eases of tho kind which have occurred in England, the duty has been remitted in evory instance. The question was raised in tho case of tbc cup presented by tho Emperor of Russia to be run for at New market ; also, in rcspoct of a present from tho King of Sweden to 60me literary or scientific institutiuu iu England, and the course taken was as wo have stated— tbo duty was remitted, lho Government hero will, we imagine, be guided by these precedents — our statute law notwithstanding.—' Sydney Empire.' Here is tho pithiost sermon ever preached: Our ingress in life is naked nnd bare: our progress through life is trouble and care ; our egress out of it wo do not know whete; Put doiug well here, wc shall do well there: I could not tell more by preaching a year. 