TELEGRAPHIC. (FROM OUR TELEGRAPHIC CORRESPONDENTS.) ROCKHAMPTON. March 20. THE case against the Crocodile Creek rioters has occupied the attention of the Court all day. It is still unfinished. The civil sittings have been adjourned till to-morrow afternoon. SYDNEY. March 20. Johnson, the bank defaulter, has been committed for trial. JULY-. swipes, the manager of the Commercial Bank, was found drowned in a shallow waterhole in his garden this morning. It is supposed that he has committed suicide. Mr. Burdekin has been returned for East Sydney. The decision of the Privy Council in Bertrand's case is expected to be received by the next mail. ' Commercial transactions are few and unimportant. MELBOURNE. March 20. The Postal Conference sitting to-day. Admiral Rous has decided against the stewards of the Victoria Races placing Falcon for the Melbourne Cup. "WE understand that Mr. Macalister and Mr. Gore are expected to leave Melbourne to-day by steamer for Sydney, and that they will arrive here about the middle of next week. GBUMMINO is a thing we dislike, but the Philosophical Society is hardly treating UB fairly. An almost total eclipse of the moon was suffered to take place last night without proper notice being given to the public, and if that society fails to give such notice, whom can we possibly expect it from. Mr. Pugh does his best, but we cannot be expected to study his interostingvolumoovery day, and even though we did, we should probably overlook the single line of nonpareil italic devoted to the remarkable eclipse of last night. Such occurrences do not take place often, and when they do the Philosophical Society should be obliged to give fourteen days' notice in the Government Gazette. To be sure, nobody reads the Gazette that can possibly avoid it, but as necessity obliges us to sift it once a week, and reproduce the items of interest that occasionally appear in it, we would have been happy to have given publicity to the celestial performance of last evening on the usual torxns, had its coming oifjOrrathor its coming on been duly notified. As it is, fair Cynthia," figuratively, has caught us napping--litorally she has done the same thing often enough, but that we don't so much mind. Our reporter who usually looks after the heavenly bodies is away on leave of absence, and here we have got a very respectable eclipse on our hands, and scarcely know what to do with it. Some of our contemporaries will probably get a leader out of it, but as subjects are scarce at present we don't care about interfering with them, and will restrict ourselves to a bare recital of facts. To begin then, the moon was visible above the horizon about 6.50. p.m. At that time a slight obscu- ration of her disc had taken place, which gradually increased until rather more than three fourths of her surface was covered. The greatest obscuration was about 7.20 p.m.s from which time it quickly passed away leaving her ladyship in a little more than an hour after, with only the usual stains on her character. We looked at her repeatedly through a decanter, and through inverted wine glasses, and at a late hour of the evening, thought that we perceived two moons. We shall be glad to have our observations confirmed. THE hon. secretary of the Acclimatisation Society wishes it to be known that some of the seeds recently imported from Java are still on hand, and can be obtained upon application to him by mourners of the Society. ATTRACTION MATCH was played yesterday evening at the Queen's i Park between, the two 'elevens' selected to practice for the match with the aboriginals. There was not time to finish the match. The following was the score: French's Eleven-: Dixon, -hit- wicket, b. Fowles, 26 ; Maynard, b. Fowles, 0 ; Murray, c. Macnish, b. Fowles, 10 j McGrath, hit wicket, b Stewart, 1 ; H. Wills, b. Fowles, O G French, b. Fowles, 4; J. Macnish, b. Fowles, 3 J Burke, b. Fowles, 0 ; Costin, not out, 10 j Thomas, b. Fowles, 6;' G. Smith, b. Fowles, 2 ; byes, 6 ; total, 60. Maonish's Eleven : Lansley, not out, 1; F. Smith, b. McGrath, 2 ; byes, 2 2 total, 5. The following gentlemen are requested to be on the ground this afternoon Messrs. Airey, Condell, Dixon, J. Egan, Fowles, French, Lansley, M'Grath, W. Macnish, J. Macnish, Murray, J. A. Ryder, Sheehan, Stewart, Wilkie. Eleven will be kept in the field, while the remaining four will be expected to cut out work for them at the wickets. It is intended to water and roll the ground this evening, and the assistance of all who are willing to assist in this work is requested. THE Irish drama of " Rory O'More " was played again last night at the Royal Victoria Theatre, and was as successful as over in pro- voking peals of laughter. An Irish jig was I danced by Mr. Massey, and the performance concluded with the comedy of " Delicate I Ground." , for several nights past the manager of the Royal Alexandra Theatre has not met with much encouragement from the public. "Eugene Aram" was repeated again last evening, and the ghost illusion which was introduced astonished the audience. A musical melange succeeded the drama, and " A Fearful Tragedy in Fortitude Valley " brought the performance to a close. An amateur performance in aid of the Brisbane Hospital, and under the patronage of the officers of Her Majesty's 50th Regiment (Queen's Own) is to be given on Monday, April 1, at the Victoria Hall, by several legal gentlemen and others, assisted by Miss Julia Hudson, who has kindly volunteered her services. The pieces selected are the burlesque of the "Lady of Lyons" and " The Day after the Wedding." Mr. J. H. Byers has liberally granted the use of the Theatre for the occasion. | THE Kiama Independent says : " " The phenomena of our district would furnish, we suppose, a study characterised by some singular peculiarities, to any one inclined and fitted for the philosophical observation of such matters. It is remarkable that in a strip of country lying along the shore of the ocean, and bounded on the other side at a distance of only four or five miles by a range of mountains of considerable height, the climate should be on the whole so dry and it is still more remarkable perhaps, on a casual view, that one half of this strip of country should be almost denuded of grass and destitute of water at the very time that the other part, only divided from it by a moderately high range, luxuriates in vegetation as abundant as the settlers could desire." THE 17th clause of the " Lunacy Statute," proposed to be adopted in Victoria, provides : " If a parent, wife, child, or near relative of any person who, within a period of one year immediately before the application hereinafter mentioned, shall have had an attack of delirium tremens, or who, within the period aforesaid, amused --.,*,__uw were uAbUDoifcusti of intoxicating drinks, shall have either squandered his means and neglected to maintain and support his family, or shall love habitually or frequently threatened or used violence towards any more ber of his family, shall make application to the master in lunacy, and shall prove to the satisfaction of the master by medical evidence that such person requires medical treatment, the master may, upon satisfying himself of the truth of the facts aforesaid, by order under his hand, authorise the detention and medical treatment of such person in any licensed house for any period not exceeding six months ; or may, upon satisfying himself of the truth of the facts aforesaid, and upon payment of or receipt of good and sufficient security for a sum to be fixed by the master for the maintenance of such person during his detention, by order under his hand, authorise the detention and medical treatment of such person in any public asylum for any period not exceeding six months; and every such order shall, until and unless the same be rescinded by a Judge of the Supreme Court, upon application made to such judge in chambers for that purpose, be a sufficient authority to all persons acting under and in conformity with such order." THE Melbourne correspondent of the Riverine Herald states that a simple but effective apparatus for supplying water to sheep oil squatting stations is now on view at the workshop of Messrs. Robinson and Co., in Flinders-street, opposite the Hobson's Bay railway coal yard. It has been successful on several stations for some time past, and a large number of practical men who visited the working specimen yesterday were unanimous in pronouncing upon its complete adaptability for preventing a waste of water, and at the same time keeping the sheep adequately supplied. The water is furnished to the sheep in a galvanised iron trough, similar to those generally used, and this trough is kept continually full without ever being allowed to overflow, by the following contrivance First, the trough is placed near the tank which contains the water, and which requires to have an outlet at the bottom. From this outlet there runs a pipe into a small tank or water chest, about three feet high, placed between the trough and the large tank, or source of supply. Another pipe leads from the small tank to the trough. Within this tank there is placed a float, which lies upon the top of the water, and rises and sinks with it, and on the edge of the largest tank there is fixed a balance with rods depending from each end of the lever. One of these rods is fixed to the top of the float in the small tank, and the other is connected with the valve opening the outlet in the bottom of the large tank. The balance is so adjusted that when it is level the valve is shut down in the large tank, while the float in the small one has risen to the height required for filling the trough with water, the water being, of course, at the same level in the trough and the small tank. As the sheep drink from the trough and bring down the level of the water, the float sinks, and the valve in the large tank opens, thus admitting the water again, and keeping the trough full. This was completely demonstrated yesterday, by allowing the water to escape from the bottom of the trough at about the same rate as it would be drawn off from above by a number of sheep. The apparatus will be invaluable in times of drought." I A BENDIGO paper states that" at the next local agricultural show " prizes to the extent of some hundreds of pounds are to be given for grapes, to-the exhibits to represent 300 tons " A SOUTH Australian farmer writes to the Border Watch as follows, with respect to the best means of preventing bush fires ;-" First as to bush fires on runs, plough from 50 to 100 feet all round the inside of the fences ; harrow the same, and the following year this will produce a crop of what is called silver grass, which can be burnt off two or three weeks before the more useful and nutritious grasses will burn. In cultivated fields, cut for bay round inside of fences, having been rooted so as to cut close to the ground. This can be out for say three or four weeks before harvest, and would then give a stock for the harvest. If hay is not wanted, then sew on one side of the field potatoes, and mangold or lucerne on the other side turnips, or what is very much in vogue in America, cows peas. As to protection of dwellings, have house in centre of garden, say half an acre 5 have well close to burn, admit the cattle on both sides that all around the traffic will convert the spaces into dust. Some care- less follows may say this is too much trouble, or I don't want hay or potatoes or mangold, or anything but wheat.' Let me tell such that the way to get wheat is not to be sowing wheat for ever on the same ground, but fallow a third or fourth of their farm every year ; if a third or a fourth of every farm was in fallow no such extensive fires would take place, and the yield would be equally abundant, and less to pay for reaping. If any are so positive as not to consult their own interests, the Government could compel them by enactment to enforce some such preventive measures as the above, and thereby save the many thousands of property that are annually lost by fires." 