ON . SLANDER. Success must ever carry with it inevitable penalties. Whatever be his path of life, pro fession, or occupation, the man who outstrips in any degree his fellow-men in the race for wealth, for name or fame, may with j certainty calculate on having unwittingly1 created hosts of enemies. It is in keeping \yith the baser part of human nature tliat people ; will contemplate failure with greater innate satisfaction than success. The one implies the equality or superiority of the observer, the other oppresses him with a sense of his inferiority. There has not been a distinguished general, an accomplished politi cian, or even a great actor, without hosts of enemies whose hostility is traceable to no more rational origin than envy and personal discontent. The mode in which these meaner feelings are displayed viiriea considerably. There is such a thing as fair and open rivalry, and there are fair weapons available for -the hottest conflicts. Unfortunately for the com fort and security of society, these are not the instruments most in vogue. In politios we may find a striking illustration of the degrad ing extremities to which party warfare is carried. It has not yet been effaced from public recollection how an estimable and in offensive gentleman, whose crime in the eyes of his aggressor consisted in, his being a Minister of the Crown, was cruelly assailed through his children by falsely attributing to them blasphemies of which they were conclu sively proved to be innocent. But it does not always happen that absolute disproof is pos sible ; and there are in all societies, and, we fear, largely in our own community, slanderers cold blooded enough to take this element into de liberate consideration before selecting the kind of lie they intend to set in motion. When, for instance, a professional gentleman has achieved a measure of success which ren ders him difficult of assault in the main pur pose and business of his life; when his qualifi cations have become acknowledged, and his; experience ripened ; when he has entrenched himself securely in the opinion of thousands as neither mountebank nor cheat, it might at first sight seem that his position was unas sailable. Those who- trade in slander are. however at ho loss for a weapon. ' There is a poisoned poniard always in reserve, arid one almost impossible to parry. What so easy as to bind the; arms of the intended victim, to entangle his defence, to render , vindication or retaliation ^almost impossible, by coupling his name with an af fair of so-called gallantry*. In such' case, the purer the woman the greater! the difficulty of defence. The soil cannot be swept from, a .snow- wreath without leaving traces of, the operation. The vitriol; of slander creates marks which are in effaceable, although the only rcrime is his who poured it forth. The , practised scandal monger unquestionably possesses tremendQus power. He reckons confidently on the lack of charity in modern society. He knows that the world is given to lip morality. He rightly calculates on a readiness of. belief in evil rather than in good.. Ho is conscious that the tares he sows will gro\y in congenial soil — that mankind is willing to- believe the worst of mankind — that there is a spontaneous incli nation to drag down a man of mark to the dead level of mediocrity or inferiority. \ With these elements in favor of the assassin of character, his operations are not difficult1. He has but to . adopt that significant vagueness , against the use of .which Hamlet 'warned his ghost-seeing friends upon the ramparts :— - ' 'With arms encumbered thus, or thus head shako, : .'Or bypronouiiclng olsomo doubtful phraso, ' v -- As l well, we know ;' — or. ' Wo could an' if. wo. would,' Or 'If wo list' to speak;' — or — 'Tnoro be, an' if th'er'6' ' might;' ' . ..-??' Or such ambiguous giving out.' . ? I The cowardice of this kind: of attack! is one of its most repulsive features. The islander industriously ^circulated with naraesj clearly indicated, but carefully undesignated,' is like the gripe of a shadowy immaterial monster which can neither be. grappled with nor shaken off. The accused, is put in' the position of being told that he has put on the cap because it happened to fit him, or if contemptuously si lent, that his non-resentment is in effect an admission of his guilt. He cannot draw his sword in his own defence without inflicting a wound upon himself . There is this painful reflection — ? that scandal-mongers could not exist but for the encouragement given to their de grading occupation c by society at large. If scorned and disregarded, the flame would die out for want of fuel. But there is a meretri cious appetite for stories of women's dishonor but little worse than the imputed crime itself. It is indeed the habit of Victorian society to deal over-lightly with the reputation of women. There is no position safe, no rectitude of habit absolutely Becure from thebasehess of inuendo. If this be a consequence of the greater free uuiu ui uuj.uui.ui auuiet^ — uj. tuo iiuaunuo u.x those rigid barriers of constraint which pre vails in older communities, we must either consent to put a more charitable construction on tho acts of our neighbors or fall back upon a quaker-like frigidity of demeanor. ...As. we stand at present, no reputation is safe.; The case of those maligned yesterday may be the case of ourselves, or, worse still, of our wives, or daughters, to-morrow. We do not now. write without having in view a particular slander, or rather series of slanders, which have been diligently circulated for some time past. Sincerely do we trust that the propagators may be tracked and dragged into the light of day. Should they escape detection, as is pro bable, for slander, ' like cats, ever fly by twi light,' the «nly remedy for society is to utterly discredit the stabbers of reputation unless armed with indisputable proofs, and prepared to stand by such in person, and uudisguisedly The onus probandi must be left on the proper shoulders. The press does riot escape a charge of com plicity in the circulation of injurious reports. Speaking broadly, the censure is undeserved The conductors of public journals have. a tas to perform at once difficult and delicate, when deciding in taking a particular course, whether they will be sheltering the innocent or' expos ing the guilty. It is only upon careful con sideration and inquiry that rumors of a per sonal character are permitted currency. ? Fre quently letters are admitted for the express pur poseof giving the victim of slander a stand-point whence to reply or refute the charge whis pered against him. Not one tenth, however of the correspondence of a personal tendency which flows into a newspaper office, escapes the waste-paper basket. We have already deplored the appetite for scandal displayed in this community. . It needs but a slight exag geration of the existing state of affairs to os tablish a system of terrorism which would eventually unhinge all social relations. 