PAK, LIA MEN T. LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL. WEDNESDAY, OCT. 9. The PRESIDENT took the chair at twenty minutes past four o'clock, and read the usual form of prayer HOTICES OP MOTION. Mr. ANDERSON gave notice that, on the next day of meeting, ho would move for a retuni of all money bills laid aside or rejected by the House since the inauguration of re- sponsible government with the reasons why such bills were laid asido or rejected. Mr. ANDERSON also gave notice that, on the samo day, he would move for a return of the sums paid for the National Museum, since its commencement. ItErBESHMEOT-ltOOMS COMMITTEE. On the' motion of Mr. LEARMONTH, Mr. Turnbull's nameVas substituted for his own as a member of the Bcfreshmont-rooms Com- mittee. THE GRANT TO LADS! DARUUO. On the order of tho day for the considera- tion of the Governor's message recommend- ing tho House to concur in tho grant of £20,000 to Lady Darling, Mr. COLE moved the following resolu- tion : " That an address be .presented to His Ex- cellency the Governor informing His Excel- lency that this House will concur in the pro- vision for the payment to Lady Darling of tho sum, in anticipation of receiving winch Sir Charles Darling has retired from the colo- nial service of Her Majesty." Mr. M'CRAE seconded the motion. Mr, PHASER inquired whether ho should . be in order in asking the hon. member repre- senting the Government, whether this grant would be sent up in a separate bill or not ? Mr. COLE.-I cannot give the bon. mem- ber any information on tho subject. (Laughter.) 'Mr. HIGHETT moved, asan amendment, tho adoption of the following address : " We, Her Most Gracious Majesty's dutiful and loyal subjects tho Legislative Council of Victoria, in Parliament assembled, beg to approach your Excellency with a sincere as- surance of our loyalty and devotion to Her Majesty's throne and person. " Referring to your ExceUency's message of the 2nd inst., respecting the proposed'grant to Lady DarHng, wo respectfully submit to your Excellency that the custom, in compli- ance with which Hor Majesty is advised to lecommend to each House .m the first in- stance exceptional grants, finds no counter- part in a recommendation to the Legislativo Council of an exceptional grant, to which that body has already informed your Excel- lency it entertains grave objections. "Wowould, however, assure your Excel- lency that whenever the proposed grant to Lady Darling is brought before this House in such a manner as will not preclude us from giving offect.to our opinions upon it, we shall be prepared to give it our earnest and serious consideration." Ho regretted, exceedingly that His Excellency should have sent this message, or that ho should have been advised to send such a mes- sage to this House, cspeciaUy after the reso- lutions which had buen passed, and the addresses he had received from tho Council on tho subject. It was too late to send a message of this character. (Hear, hear.) It should have been sent in the first instance, and that House would then havo been able to deni with it in a very different manner. The representative of the Queen was now re- commending tho appropriation of a sum ol money to a governor for his illegal and un- constitutional acts during the time ho filled that office in tliis colony. (Cheers.) This was tho position the Governor had placed himself in by sending np this message. He would remind the House that on the 20th August the Council declared that this grant was unconstitutional and highly mischievous, and calculated moreover to produce corrupl practices in every department of the state, and it decided on theso grounds that tho bill should be rejected. Ho would also call atten tibn to the resolutions passed on the 22nc August, in which tho House declared againsi the principle of this grant. He thought thai the only excuse bon. members could have ir giving way now, would bo for the Qoverno: to say to the Houso that he had receivoc despatches .from the Queen, intimating tha she would give her consent to it. Otherwise he did not soo how it was possible to giv< way. ' ' Mr. COLE remarked that the only reasor why the grant was objected to in tho first in stanco was that the regulations of tho servie* prohibited any governor from receiving pre seuls from the inhabitants of the colony ovo: which ho presided. The Queen could no havo any objection to tho vote now, for if sin had any objection, the Governor, in sending down tho message, would be acting in do flanco of Her Majesty's command. Mr. FAWKNER said that tho Attorney. General had commenced a revolution, anc the Ministry were endeavouring to overridf the authority of Parliament. The Legislad vi Council would not ho doing its duty to thi country unless it remained firm, Mr. FRASER remarked that both résolu tion and amendment had taken some mern bers by surprise, and suggested that tim< should bo given for consideration. Mr. FAWKNER.-You havo already ha< a week. Mr. BEAR rose for the purpose of sayin that if the grant to Lady Darling was sub mitted to this Houso in such a manner thn the House could express- ita opinion upon ii he had not the slightest hesitation in statin his belief that in threo months her ladyshi; might be in receipt of the money. (Ones o "Hear, hear," and "Oh.") Horopcatedth statement, but if, on tho other hand, it wa attempted to coerce tho Council by tackin the voto to the Appropriation Bill, it woul< be many long days before the money reachei the person for whom it was intended. The; wero told that if tho Council refused to pas the Appropriation Bill with this grant in eluded in it, the question would be romittei to tho country, but ho thought it should to distinctly understood both by the Govern mont and the other branch of tho Legislature that fifty general elections would not settl this question. (Cheers.) It wasnotaquestioi to be settled by the country. There was a plaii written Constitution which this House wa bound to abide by, and no general olectio could affect the question. Tho questio would bofurtberoff settlement after a generc election than before, but if the other Hous and the Ministry would only adopt a spirit c conciliation, and allow this House to cxprei an opinion upon the grant, thoy need hav no fear of the result. Mr. DEGRAVES was of opinion that th dead-lock had already lasted too long, an although ho had voted against the grar when included in tho Appropriation Bill, h would vote for it if it was sent up in a séparai bill. Considering tho difficulties "of his pos tion, and the fact that he was compelled t accept tho advice of his Ministers, ho thougl that soino consideration ought to bo shown 1 Sir Charles Darling. There was no doubt tin the position was a very difficult ono, and S Charles Darling had fallen in consoquonco < the way in which ho was besot. Sir Hem Munnora Sutton was in the samo kind c trouhlo now (hear), which showed that thei was some excuse for the manner in which S: Charles Darling acted in the dilemma in whic he was placed. Thd sum of £20,000 was a met bagatello to the country in comparison wit the loss which had already resultod fror theso dead-locks. Tho last dead-lock ha caused the ruin of hundreds of people, an to prevent the recurrence of such anothc difliculty ho had no hesitation in saying the he would vote for the grant of £20,000 t Lady Darling if it carno np in a sopara! bill. Tho question was thon put, whon thei appeared-, ¡ Contents . 5 Non-contents .20 Majority against Mr. Cole's motion 15 The division-Hst was as follows : CONTENTS. Mr. Colo Mr. Jennor Mr. FcttHt. \- Ilonty - il'Crao NON-CONTENTS. Mr. Anderson Mr. Fraser Mr. Slionvlu \- Bear - Graham - Biatlon \- Black - Hlghott - Strachan \- Campbell - Hopo - Turnbull \- Degraves - Learmonth - Wllklo \- Fawkner - Mltcholt - Williams. -r Sitxgorald - Murphy Mr. M'CRAE moved, os a further ament ment, tho adoption of the following a< dress, in place* of that proposed by M Highett: "Wo, tho Legislativo Council of Viotori in' Parliament assembled, desire to acknov ledge the receipt of your Excellency's mossagi dated October, 1WÍ7. Your Excolloncy i such messngo asks tho Legislativo Council t concur in a provision for tho payment t Lady Darling of tho sum in anticipation < I receiving which Sir Charles Darling has n tired from the colonial service of Hor Majost1 The Legislative Council desire to express the; i regret that such concurrence was not asked for by your Excellency prior to the introduc- tion of the Appropriation Bill, which was rejected by this House on tho 20th of August, 1807\. At tho same time, the Legislativo Council, having resolved as to aU subjects of aid and supply, that each of the Houses of Parliament should be guided in all matters and forms relating thereto by the prece- dents established by the House of Lords and by the House of Commons respec- tively, the Legislative Council, in follow- ing out the precedent of the House oE Lords in messages of this kind horn the Crown, do inform your Excellency that thoy do concur in tho provision named by your Excellency's message on behalf of Lady Dar- ling." (The amendment was read amidst gicat laughter.) Mr. ANDERSON submitted that tho amendment was not in order, inasmuch as it was identical in meaning with the ono which had just been rejected. The J?BESIDENT ruled that the amend- ment was in ordqr. Mr. M'CRAE submitted that in moving this amendment he was only attempting to carry out tho resolution of the House adopted ou the 20th May. Mr. COLE seconded the amendment. Mr. FRASER trusted that the answer to tho messago would havo that considera- tion at His Excellency's hands which it desorved, and he hoped it would in- duce him to require his Ministers to send up the giant to this House in a separate mea- sure, so that the House would have an oppor- tunity of considering tho question on its merits. He trusted, also, that the Ministry and the other branch of the Legislature, knowing the determination of this House, would not consider 'it their duty to include the grant in the Appropriation Bill, and so plunge the country again into a state of tur- moil. He had no doubt that if this grant came up in a soparate bill, it would receivo due consideration. In fact, ho did not doubt that a majority of the House would agree to pass it. (Cries of "No.") Looking at the evils which would he produced hy the rejec- tion of the Appropriation Bill a second timo, he was prepared to say, for his own part, that if the Ministry thought propor to separate the grant, he would voto for it without any con- dition whatcvor. Mr. HIGHETT remarked that the bon. member who had moved the amendment ?would not be able to find any precedent in the journals of the House of Lords for any message of this kind. Whenover there had been -a messago, it had been sent up in the ilirst instance, and not after the vote had been rejected. Again, such messages had always been sent up recommending a reward for some meritorious services, as in the caso of the Duke of Wellington. But here, on tho contrary, a messago was sont up asking the House to approve of the appropriation of money for the reward of illegal and unconsti- tutional acts. After some remarks from Mr. CAMPBELL, The amendment proposed by Mr. M'CIUE was put and negatived, and the address pro- posed by Mr. Highett adopted. It was agreed that tho address should bo presented to His ExceUency by the President, m the usual way. The House, at twenty minutes past five o'clock, adjourned until Wednesday next. LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. WEDNESDAY, OCT. 8. The SPEAKER took the chair at half-past four o'clock. LEPROSV. Mr. M'CULLOOH laid on the table com- munications from the Royal College of Physi- cians on the subject of leprosy. CAPE PATERSON 0OAL-FIELD. Mr. MACGREGOR, laid on the table the report of the Government geologist on tho Cape Paterson coal-field. NOTICE OP QUESTION. Mr. JONES gave notice that, to-morrow, ho would ask the Attorney-General if he would consider the desirability of introducinga short bill io legalise expenditure of borough funds in rejoicings dunng the expected visit of H.R.H. tho Duke of Edinburgh. NOTICES OV MOTION. Mr. VERDON gave notice that, to-morrow, he would move that this Houso wiU, on Tues- day next, resolve itself into tho Committee of Ways and Means. Mr. LEVEY gave notice that, to-morrow, ho would move that there he laid upon tho table of this House the papers relative to the committal of James Grant Young by the Ber- wick Bench upon a charge of fraudulently disposing of mortgage securities. Mr. JONES gave notice that, to-morrow, ho would_ movo that there be laid upon the tablo of this House a return showing to whom certain allotments of land, for the obtaining of_ which bribes were offered to a member of this House by Mr. Patrick Curtin, and for which that person was removed from tho commission of the peace, havo since been handed over; and the numbers of allot- ments and persons to whom allotments have been handed over at the solicitation of the aforesaid Patrick Curtin, since that date, by the department of Lands and Survey. Mr. LONGMORE gave notice that, to- morrow, he would move that there bo laid upon the tablo of the House a continuation to the present time of the report laid on tho table of tho Assombly on the 20th February last, showing-1, The number of tranfers of allotments of land taken up under the 42nd section of tho Land Act, 1805, that have been sanctioned by the Board of Lands and Survey. 2. The names of tho persons who have been allowed to transfer such allot- ments. 3. Tho names of thoso persons to whom such allotments havo been transferred. 4\. The localities in which such allotments are situated. Mr. ORR gavo notice that, to-morrow, ho would move that there be laid upon the tablo of this Houso a return showing the names of the various police magistrates who have boen moved to new districts during the present year; also showing the reasons why such removals were necessary. THE VISIT OF TUB DUKE OP EDINBUrtGH. Mr. JONES asked the Minister of Railways whether ft was intended to run cheap ex- cursion-trains on the occasion of the visit ot tho Duke of Edinburgh ? Mr. SULLIVAN replied that the matter had not yet been determined upon ; but it was more than probable that the suggestion of the lion, member would be carried out. EXPERTS AT THE COBT05I-HOÜSE. Mr. JONES asked the Commissioner of Customs whether he had appointed experts to assist in arriving at the correct values of , dutiable goods imported ? Mr. FRANCIS said the bon. member was aware that votes had been taken for the ap- pointment of exports. He quite agreed in tho expediency of that course ¡ and as soon as tho money was legally available tho expert« would bo appointed. CONTRACT sunvEYOB AT MOUNT EGERTON. Mr. HOPKINS asked tho Commissioner of Crown Lands and Survey when a Government contract surveyor would bo appointed for tho Mount Egerton district ? Mr. GRANT replied that a surveyor would bo appointed this week. TUE TKUCK SYSTEM. Mr. JONES called the attention of the Minister bf Mines to the report of the board appointed to inquire into the alleged existence ot tho truck system on O'Kcofo's contract; and asked whether any, and if so what, steps had been taken by the department to put au end to the system found to bo in opera- tion? Mr. MACGREGOR believed that, although thero had been a variation from the condi- tions of the contract on tho part of the con- tractor, it did not amount to exactly what was known as tho truck system. At the same time steps hod been taken to put an end to tbo abuse, and it had been discoii ' timied since the end of last month. Mr. JONES said it had been proved before tho board that tho men drew out a portion of their wages "in'shovel;" and if the bon. gentleman knew what that meant, he would have little difficulty in arriving at the conclu- sion that the truck system was in exist- ence Mr. MACGREGOR said it was not neces- sary to enter into a discussion of the question, since whatever irregularity existed had been put an end to. | THE FBDEOAL COUNCIL. Mr. LANGTON asked the Chief Secretary whether the Govomment intended during the present session to introduce a bill to enable them to send delegates to the proposed Federal Council ? Mr. M'CULLOCH said it was not his inten l tion to introduco any such bill during this session. ' 1 INDBBTKIAXi SCHOOLS. Mr. JONES asked the Chief Secretary whether he would consider tho desirability of appointing the commission of inquiry into the management of the industrial, schools before tho end of tho present session ? It was just possible, that the session might be long and desultory, and certain new facts which had como out with reference to tho industrial schools seemed to indicate that an inquiry, for tho sake of the satisfaction of tho public, should be made before this session was likely to terminate. As a matter of course, the session might have a tragical termination, but present indications seemed to indicate that it would be " linked sweetness long drawn out." (A laugh.) Mr. M'CULiLOCH hoped the anticipations of the hon. member would not be realised: but if, unhappily, this should"be a protracted session, ho would he glad to give the Houso .and tho country an opportunity of having the condition of these schools thoroughly in- vestigated. There was no reason, in his own .mind, for any investigation taking placo ; but after what had been stated, it was desirable that the pubHc and the Houso should have their minds satisfied on the subject. He would take an opportunity of nominating the commission on an early day. THE BANQUEÍ TO TUB DUKE OP EDINBUBeH, A message was received from the Legisla- tive Council, stating that they had added the names of the President and tho lion. Mr. Highett to the Refreshment Committee, for the carrying out the proposed banquet to the Duke of Edinburgh, THE iVrrOINTMENT OF MR. STEVENSON AS A JUBTICE OP THE PEACE. Mr. JONES asked tho Minister of Justice whether he was causing inquiries to bo made as to the fitness of Mr. Stevenson, recently appointed a justice of tho peace at Maldon? He was in possession of several communica- tions from gentlemen resident in tho district, and theso gentlemen appeared to be desirous that n committee of inquiry should be ap- pointed. He thought all the ends of justice and expediency would bo served if the hon. the Mihister ot Justico was causing inquiries to be made as to the right or wrong of all tho allegations that had been mado against the fitness of Mr. Stevenson. Ho believed that some of the details would not be savoury matters of discussion in this House. There was an impression abroad that the appointment would not hold water (a laugh), and he would therefore' be glad to know whether the Minister -of Justice was causing inquiry to bo made. Mr. BINDON stated that every inquiry was being made into the truth of the allegations referred to. "When he received the memorial from tho gentlemen against the appointment they furnished no reasons, and ho therefore asked them to furnish the grounds on which they objected to the appointment of Mr. Stevenson. They had returned an answer ; and an inquiry was going on as rapidly as possible. THE I'ltOl'OHED PAKLIAMENTAHY BANQUET TO THE DUKE Ol' EDINBURGH. Mr. MACMAHON suggested that the ad- journed debate on the report of the Refresh- ment Committee on this subject should bo aUowed precedence, as it was desirable that the matter should be disposed of either in one way or another. Mr. VERDON concurred in the suggestion, and moved the postponement of tho othei business, which was agreed to. The adjourned debato on the report of the Refreshment Committee, recommending thai the banquet to His Royal Highness the Duke of Edinburgh should bo given in the new Exhibition-building, was resumed by Mr. FRANCIS, who observed that if the feeling generally expressed out of doors wa¿ to havo any influence on the House, thej would come to the conclusion that tKcii action in the matter was somewhat precipi tate, and that, upon the whole, and weighing the advantages of the course proposed agains' its disadvantages and inconvenionces ii would be better to rescind the resolutior come to. For the purpose of bringing tin matter to a point, he would move that thi report be referred back to the committee. Mr. GILLIES seconded the motion, Mr. SNODGRASS regretted that the pro posai for a banquet had over been mooted but after having resolved to give a banquet i would bo a disgrace to the colony, and ai insult to the Duke of Edinburgh, if it wen now abandoned. After some remarks from Mr. GILLIES ant Mr. LEVEY, Mr, MACMAHON said it was desirabli that the House should know what was thi preciso question before it. Both branches o the Legislature had agreed to give a banque .to the Duke of Edinburgh, and the otho House had adopted a resolution that thi banquet should take place in the new Exhi bition- buildinfj. Was it intended" by thi amendmontot the Commissioner of Custom; that tho proposal should faU to tho grounc altogether? (Criesof "No," and "Yes."l Mr. VERDON thought that if the repor were referred back to tho committee it woulc put an end to the proposal. The committet .entrusted with the busiuess had informed the House that it was impossible, oven if tbt "banquet were not extended to strangers, tt give it in this chamber, and recommended that it should toke placo in another hall. I the House refused to allow it to take place it another building, then it was clear that i .could not take place at all unless the Hous chose to say that tho banquet should be heit where the committee said it could nott Mr. ORR, while concurring in the idea tha the banquet should be allowed to fall to th ground, did not think that referring the re port back to the committee .necessarily in volved that result. . . Mr. FRANCIS said if the amendmen which |hd moved wero carried, it did no inevitably follow that the affair should b shelved ; but it was hoped and expected tha that would be the result. He had reason t believe that the abandonment of the banque would not be regarded as any slight by th other House. Mr. WHITEMAN thought that after th Houses had arrived at a resolution that resc lution should be carried out, and should ne be shelved in this way. The question, that the words of the origim motion proposed to be omitted stand part c the question, was then put and negatived : Ayes . 17 ' Noes . 31 Majoiity against tho motion ... l-l Tho foUowing is the division-list : AYES. Mr. Byrno Mr. «'Culloch Mr. Snodgrass \- Copo - M'Lelliin - Snowball \- Hanna - WacJIahon - Tucker \- Higinbotham - O'Gudy - Verdon \- Macgregor - Hooves - Whiteman. \- M'Caw - Smyth NOES. Mr. Balfour Mr. Gillios Mr. Longmore \- Bindo» - Halfoy - M'Kean \- Blackwood - Harbison - Mooro \- Bowman - Heath ' - Orr \- Burtt - Hopkins . - Plumtnor \- Connor - Jones - Richardson \- Cunningham - Kerferd - Kiddell \- Duffy - King - Smith, J. T. \- Embllng - Kyto - Stutt \- Farrell - Langton - Sullivan. \- Francis ' SUPPLY. The resolutions agreed to in Committee c Supply were then reported to tho House, an agreed to. TUE LADT DABLING VOTE. The message of His Excellency tho G( vernor, recommending a grant of £20,000 t Lady Darling, was referred to the Committe of Supply. The Houso then went into Committee c Supply, to consider tho voto. Mr. VERDON said it.was unnecessary fe him to occupy the timo of the Houso i making any lengthened observations. Th question hail been moro than once discussed i the Houso. He might say, however, that th course taken on this occasion was found to t in accordance -with the Imperial practice, an the piactico of the Houso ot Common He might say, further, that it was a vei gratifying thing to bira, and ho believed t other bon. members, to bo able while con plying strictly with-the English practico £ the saine timo to meot two of the objectior which had been urged by those who woi opposed to this vote against its passage. On was, that the courtesy which it was allege should bo given to tho Council in asking the concur}once to this voto was withhold on th last occasion. By sending this mossat they bud met that objection. Another ol jection was, that this grant was oflei sive to the Crown. Now, by sending special message to the Council, recommeut ing this vote, ho conceived that the liad also met that objection. And ho cou! only express a hope that having taken th course the grant might, notwithstanding ti opposition alleged against it, still pass inl law. As to the placing of this grant in ti Appropriation Bill that was a matter whic lay in the discretion of tho Legislativo A sembly (hear, heal), and must be determine by the Assembly itself. In the steps take they had been most careful to observo all ti proprieties and courtesies prescribed by ti English practice ; and bo hoped that th< would not bo without their effect in anottu place. (Hear, hear.) He had now to mov that a sjipi not; exceeding £20,009 &e; l;«"it< to Her Majesty, in accordance with tho resolution of the Legislativo .Assembly, for Lndy Darling. Mr. MACMAHON agreed with the Trea- surer, that the House was already wearied of this subject, and that thero was no pos- sible object to bo gained by prolonging tho g resent debate to an unnecessary extent. ,ut he had during the last session refrained from making any remarks on the subject, believing that in the present state of the Legislative Assembly thero was little use in doing so ; and, also, because he did not wish to place, himself in a conspicuous position when he did not seo clearly the ultimate way out of it. Ho, therefore, trusted the House would indulge him for a short time in making a few remarles. The Treasurer had stated on tho present occasion, that this item was brought down by a similar message in both branches of tho Legislature, and that there- fore the course pursued was identically tho samo as that followed in other matters in the Imperial Parliament. But tho bon. gentle- man did not attempt in any way to illus- trate his statement ; nor, indeed, could ho point to any single instance in the Imperial Parliament whero after a strong objection was raised to a vote, such as was raised here in another branch of the Legislature, and after the Appropriation Bill for the year had been rejected in consequence of that vote being included in it, a messago was sent down subsequently recommending it. (Hear, hear.) Tlie Treasurer claimed for himself to have got rid of two difficulties-one, an apparent dis- courtesy to the Council, and the othe r the doub t which was expressed as to tho concurrence of tho Crown. It appeared to him (Mr. -Mac Mahon) that the Council having come to tho very strong resolution which they adopted in moving an amendment on the presentation of the Appropriation BUI, thero was no great courtesy in sending to them the messago which they had received without any further explanation. ThoothoT point to which the Treasurer referred was, that on this occasion he stated he had gained tho concurrence of tho Crown. On a previous occasion the Attorney-General oxpresscd an opinion that His ExceUency the Governor acted in a dual capacity- in one as tho agent of the Colonial Office, and in the other as Governor of this colony. The Treasurer did not state in which cnpacity it was that the Governor had sent down this vote. Was ho able to say that His Excellency had received distinct instructions from the Colonial Office to ask this vote to bo granted ï H the bon. gentleman could say that, ho (Mr. MacMahon) would grant that, the House having to a certain extent referred the question to Her Majesty, if Uer Majesty, through the Colonial Office, expressed a wish that the money should be given, the case would assume a different aspect; but His Excellency in this matter appeared to act merely as the mouthpiece of the Ministry. He therefore could not by any »means consider this request as one from the Crown to grant this money. In all instances, no doubt, it was not necessary that the Crown of England should request money to bo voted ; but in this particular instance it was necessary, because the House had de- liberately referred the matter to the Crown to be decided. He could scarcely imagine that, although the Colonial Office -might be ex- tremely anxious to have this vote sub mitted by His ExceUency, they would so act towards this country as that the Minister at tho head of the departmenl would deprive Sir Charles Darling of (i future pension, and of further cmploymenl in the service, merely becauso there was ii probability; of his receiving some pecuniar) consideration from this country. The Colo nial Office, in other words, would not for the sake of .a paltry pension saddle this countr; with the payment ot this large sum. He coule very well understand the proposition of thi lion, member for Dalhousie, that the matte should be dealt with by a separate bill, and b subsequently reserved for Her Majesty's as sent. At the commoncementof this session th mover and seconder of the address in reply ti His ExceUency's speech both spoke in an ox tremely temperate tone, and urged a cours of peace and conciliation. But how far bai they seen that carried out? Although th Treasurer now'said the question of seudin this up in a separate bill was one which resto with the Assembly entirely, on the last occn sion when the question was put to hie he distinctly announced that it was tho in tention of the Government to send up thi vote as before, in the Appropriation Bill (Hear, hear.) And not only so, but in th correspondence which took place with ni Excellency during the sham resignation th Chief Secretary stated that the only; advic they could tender His Excellency was, agaii to send up the AppropriationBill as it had beci before rejected by the Council; There must b considerable hesitation on the part of an member of the House in criticising the act of a gentleman occupying the exalted positioi of lbs Excellency, and particularly of a gen tlieman who had so lately arrived in th country, and could not possibly have ai opponent in the colony. A certain section o thepresshad endeavoured to show thattho Of position had continuously opposed all Govoi norsaud questioned their proceedings, and tho Governors who supported tho existing Adur nistration were opposed by tho Oppositior Now, he did not believe that His Excêllenc could possibly hove any objection to an criticism on his proceedings, for, whateve might be said of his predecessor, he was on of those who had comúderablo experienco i Parliamentary life, and was therefore able t hear the opinion of those who differed froi him without believing that they were pe , sonally opposed or hostile to himself. Wit every respect, therefore, for His Excellene and the high office he filled, he must expre: a i doubt upon the constitutional course) 1 adopted on the occasion of the late nomini crisis. iMr, M'CTJLLOCH rose to order. It wi epiito unparliamentary for the representath of the Crown to be attacked in the Houso i this way in his personal oopacijy. (Hea hear.) If anything wrong had been done i any act complained of in tho House, ti Ministry were responsible, if the House wi under responsible government. He truste that the bon. member would confine his a tack to the members of the Governmeu and not the representative of the Crown. Mr. DUFFY said there were undoubted occasions in which the Chief Secretarj statement did apply ; but there were ah numerous occasions where a different rulii was laid down, and which must be applied I the remarks of tho hon. member for We Melbourne. Where the Governor took pr ceedings by the advice of his Ministers, ti Ministers were responsible. But the hoi and gallant member was about to refer ; the time when the Governor had no advisei and acted on hjs own responsibility, ar when his conduct was fairly open to cor ment in Parliament. The other night 1 (Mr. Duffy) had referred to it ; and not on did the Attorney-General not object to h remarks, but ho stated that ho was not r sponsible for what the Governor had don (Hear, hear.) It would not suit the ho: gentleman on one occasion to deny all r Bponsibility, and immediately after to sa " Me adsum qui feci." Mr. G. V. SMITH asked the Chairman Committees to decide whether it was prop in tho third branch of the Legislature to di cuss the conduct of_ the first branch ? It wi not only unbecoming, but unconstitutioh and unparliamentary to refer to His Exce lency's acts. Mr. GILLIES said thero was a very eel brated instance in which the conduct of Governor was animadverted upon, and selectcommittee appointed to inquire wheth he had pursued tho usual course or not, ai: the committee reported against the Governo (Hear, hear.) Mr. LANGTON stated that there was well known instance in England where ti conduct of the Crown was discussed. Wh< the Queen refused, at the request of Sir Robe Peel, to dismiss the ladies of the bedchamb her conduct was freely debated in ti Commons. Mr. G. V. SMITH said that precedent d not apply, as Sir Robert Peel expressly stab that ho had obtained the sanction of H Majesty for doing what he did. As to ti sielect committee, bo believed the House hi made a mistake on that occasion, as they hi frequently done since. Mr. LANGTON explained that Sir Robe Pool had only received the consent of II Majesty to make a statement of the fad Hero the Houso bad the statement of Al nisters and the correspondence which passi with His Excellency. Mr. BUNNY contended that the memb for West Melbourne was justified in ti course he was taking. Mr. IRELAND urged that thcro was i analogy between tho Qricen and a govern of a colony, and tho sooner that tho pre vailii notion of "the existence of such pxi analoj was exploded the better. The governor w¡ agent of the Queen, and if the conduct of Secretary of State, from whom ho received h instructions, was open to criticism, it wi ridiculous to say that the gentleman to who: bo gavo, instructions was free, from ai comment. If a governor, was referred t there was no doubt it would be dono with o respect, (Hear, henr.) But "it was qui absurd and nonsensical to talk of any divinity -wfcich hedged his character. Mr. G. V. SMITH did not beliovo it was absurd and ridiculous to follow tha course pursued in the British Parliament. Though if wo had no responsible government, if tho House was merely a parish vestry, and could be swept away by a stroke of the lion, as the bon. member seemed to think, it would per- haps be well not to follow that practice. Mr. IRELAND replied that they had not responsible government here as thoy had it at home : for they had the power of impeach- ment in tho homo country, and they had it not here ; so that a Government could do what it liked so long as it could command a majority. Responsible government hore was a farce, for the only result was, that somo gentlemen went out of office ¿or a short time and returned to it a short timo after- wards. Mr. DUFFY did not agree with the hon. member for Kilmoro in his argument. Re- sponsible government in this country was pre- cisely of the same character as that oxisting at home, and the power of the two Houses was tho same. Constitutional government could exist without the power of impeach- ment, for no Minister had been impeached since tbo introduction of responsible govern- ment. hut he thought that it was a high privilege of the House to deal -with every per- son, even with the agent of the Queen. He thought, therefore, after the current of tbo debate, that there was no necessity for a ruling from the Chairman, but the bon. member might bo permitted to resume his remarks. (Laughter.) Mr. MACMAHON said the point of order, as was well known, had been over and over again decided, and it was only raised now for the purpose of showing that the Government were the great friends and supporters of the Governor, and that the Opposition were op- posed to him. It was simply a case of " Codlins your friend, not Short." He sug f;ested that the matter should bo again re erred to the speaker, and that he should be asked to repeat his ruling. The CHAIRMAN said there could be ne doubt that the name of the Sovereign was always to be spoken of with respect, and alsc that it was not to bo used for the purpose o! influencing the House. He behoved tht Speaker had ruled that there was a distinc tion between the Sovereign and the Governoi in this colony ; but ho trusted itwould not b( necessary for him to express an opinion thal the Governor should bo spoken of witl respect in the course of debate. Mr. MACMAHON remarked that this wa only the decision the nouse had previousl] heard from the Speaker ; but on tho occasior on which this ruling was given the speaker! were compeUed to use the name o the then Governor, or they could no have carried out their object : and i the rule had been strictly enforced 01 that occasion, there could have been n< debate at oil. Tho case was quite different however, this evening', when tho Governor' name was used for the purpose of iniluencinf debate. It had been submitted to the House that this message having come from thi Governor, one of the points of objection ti the vote was removed; and tho Attorney General stated last session that the Govern mont were no longer responsible for tho act of His Excellency after they had tenderec their resignation. How could the Chief Secre tary's doctrine be carried out under thes circumstances ? Who, he would ask, was t be responsible for tho proceedings during th interregnum, if there was one ? The Govern ment disavowed any responsibility whateve on that occasion, and the Attorney-Genera fixed it aU upon His Excellency tho Gc vernor. Referring now to the nominal crisi through which they had lately passed, i seemed to be the policy of the Govert ment to have this House dissolved wher ever an adverse vote was arrived at b the other branch of the Legislature. Thus Ministries, wholly irrespective of tho chf racter of the measures they passed, wei merely tobo supported as long as they coul command a majority. The Chief Sccretai had himself stated that a dissolution on previous occasion failed to effect the desire object; yet on this occasion ho joined i recommending a dissolution. (Mr. M'Coi LOCH.-"Who recommends a dissolution?' The minute he held in his hand showed wh recommended th'e /dissolution. This doci ment informed His Excellency that such course had hitherto had no cfiect on ti position of the two Houses as regarded ti control of the finances. After this, it reste with the Government to show that a dissolt tion would have such an effect. If the Chii Secretary did not recommend a dipsoh tion, he almost did so, for he wrote : " Nevertheless, if circumstances should occv to render that course inevitable, the mern bei of the Government reserve to themselves ti liberty to recommend its adoption ; and i that event, will uso all the means in the power to make the issuo clear, and the dec sion of the constituencies conclusive." No^ whatj cou-rso did tbo Government take I make the issue clear, and the result concli sive? Although it was announced by th Treasurer that there was to be merely a pr rogation for a few days, to enable tho Appr pnation Bill to be submitted again, adva tage was taken of the opportunity to adopt new policy, which, in the event of a goner election, would have tho effect of makii the issue anything but clear and distinct. 1 introduce, after tho tennination of a sessic in which the greater number ot the ir portant measures referred to in the G vernor's speech were not passed into la' a proposal to expend three millions < the labouring classes for railway oxtensi« was very remarkable, and the object w obvious enough. He could not consid this carrying out the piomiso of tho Chi Secretary, to submit tho issue to the count in a clear and distinct way. With referen to the áth clause of His Excellencj-'s mern randum No. 2, he would ask if nis Exa lency did cany out his expressed intontio and put himself in constitutional commui cation with the gentlemen of the Upp House for whom he sent? It would appe from the subsequent correspondence th the Governor admitted he never hi any intention of asking the gentlemen the other branch of the Legislature give him constitutional advice. In I memorandum to the Hon. Mr. Frase His Exceflcncy observed that it was usele to chango a Government having a majority the Assembly and a minority in the Count for one stronger in the Council and nume cally weaker in the Assembly. Now, cou any instance be shown of a constitution Governor remarking upon .the existence of majority or minority in cither branch of ti Legislature on an occasion of this kind ? they referred to the history of the changes Government that had taken place at horn they would find that in many instances G vernments had been fohned with a rainori in the House of Commons. Governmer. weie formed with minorities in the House Commons by Mr. Pitt in 1783, by M Addington m 1800, tho Duke of Poi land m 1807, Sir Robert Peel in 183 and in tho years 1852, 1858, and 1866 Lo Derby formod Governments with minotitic In this colony Mr. O'shanassy and t late Mr. Heales had each foimed a G vernroent with a minority in the Assemb! The present occupants of the Treasu benches, oven, formed their Govorntne with a minority in the Assembly, and had not been for the assistance given by mombí of the preceding Government they would n have remained in office twenty-four houi The Attorney-General had on sevoral occ sions reminded the House that if a matt affecting the rights of the House of Coi mons were under consideration, tho mei bers would immediately sink political diffi onces until the claims of the House wc settled ; and the hon. and learned gentlom; had moro than once recommended tho / sembly to pursue a similar course. But tho c cumstances were not at all analogous, for t Eroposal now under consideration had be rought forward as a vote of censure on t Opposition. The Attorney-General himsi distinctly stated that tho vote when adopt would bo a decisivo condemnation those who had unremittingly pursued £ Charles Darling; and that it wo« be tho censure of tho Legislative I sembly upon the constitutional facti of 1805-the vüest faction by which ti country had ever been cursed. Could t lion, gentleman supposo for a moment th members on the opposite side of the Hot were going to unite with him in protocti the rights of the Assembly after such langua had been used towards them ? As regard the othor Chamber, if the vote were still se up in the samo way, thoy would be justin in refusing to give in though the House wc pulled down over'their heads. Mr. DUFFY said he had some remarks rnako on the subjept : but if the Governmo meant to debate tho question, ho wot S refer to speak after somo member of t [inistry had addressed the House. As was now within fifteen minutes of the use hour of adjournment for refreshment, t House would perhaps now adjourn. Mr. M'CULLOCH could only say that t Government had no intention of debatí this question, which had- been discussed i ' ' i ' i 'J often that every one was tired of it. If any thing new wero brought forward, tho Go- vernment would reply;, and if tho hon. member for Dalhousie liked to address tho House, the Government would havo no, objection to listen to him. After somo remarks fiom Mr. HEATH and Mr. M'LELLAN, The House adjourned for refreshment, and on resuming, Mr. -DUFFY said,-Before proceeding to. consider the vote submitted to us, I think we may with advantage pause for a moment on the message recommending the vote. That message has been sent to both Houses, a pro- ceeding which se,ems to mo to involve the Government in a strange and embarrassing inconsistency. The language uniformly held, by the members of tho Administration hitherto has been that they had an undoubted, right to include the Darling vote in tho. Appropriation Bill, and that the Council had no constitutional right to reject that bill on. account of their objection to the vote. Now, Sir, when they advised the Governor to send,'' this message to the Council as well as to us, inviting them " to concur in the payment" of the proposed grant, I «am at a loss to know whether they intended to abandon the ground that that Chamber had no right to an opi- nion on the subject, or intended to flout thcrrti by the idle form of a request for concurrence on a subjectwhere it is still insisted they havo no option, but are bound and.compelled to. concur. (Hear, hear.) Ono or other of those alternatives, it seems to me, they must ac- cept; and I imite the learned Attorney General-if ho has not, with the Chief Secretary, taken a vow of silence-to. tell us which he selects. The_ Treasurer, indeed, suggests that in sending such a. duplicate message they are following Im- perial precedent; but this I most posi- tively deny. To have invited their concur- rence by message beforo they had expressed' any opinion on the question, would havoi been a proper courtesy, and would have been, employing such a message for the purpose for which messages of this character are de- signed ; but to invite their concurrence after they have denounced the proposal in tho strongest language, and by a vote, which was almost unanimous, is a ptoceeding without precedent and without excuso. There is one purpose, indeed, which these, messages may answer, but it is not a fair or legitimate purpose ; they may induce the public outside, who are imperfectly acquainted with tho working of constitutional government, to. suppose that the Governor, Sir Henry Man- ners Sutton, has expressed an opinion and1 taken a side in the contest. They may herald a similar use of the Governor's namo at the coming general election as seems to have been made of it at a general election under Sir Charles Darling, I can- not help remembering that a fortnight ago theAttorney-Gcneral. in relation to a messago on the subject of the same vote, declared that he felt no necessity to defend it, treating it in effect as if it were an individual and in- dependent act of the Governor. The hon. and learned gentleman knows very well that such a message is never sent by a. Governor, except at the instance of his Ministers ; and that if he [sent such a message expressing any individual opinion of his own, his advisers would resign their functions. The public out of doors cannot be made too plainly to under- stand that the Governor as Governor has no .opinion, and is not entitled to have any opinion, on the subject, except that of hi3 official advisers for the timo being. If he distrusts their advice he may dispense with them; but as the Queen recently said, in answer to a memorial asking pardon for a criminal, contrary to the opinion of the Secretary! of State, I cannot "advise my adusers; a sentence which puts the theory of responsible government into a- nutshell. This message, therefore, is the message of tho bon. gentlemen opposite, and. nothing more. The trappings and costume belong to Esau, but the voice is unequivocally the voice of Jacob. I will now pass from the message to the vote, which is the subject of it. As this side of the House has been recently threatened from the Treasury benches with speedy anni- hilation if we resist this grant, I wish to take the earliest possible occasion of stating mj intention of voting against it. I will vote against it for several reasons, explained witl sufficient force and clearness by the bon fentleman below me before I became a mein er of this House, and for other reason! which have speciaUy influenced my owr mind. The question was debated formed] chiefly from two points of view-whether Si; Charles Darling's conduct as Governor wai such as entitled him to the gratitude of Par liament, and whether tho vote ought to be accepted by the other Chamber as1 an item ir. tho Appropriation BiU ; and accompanied bi language from a leading Minister ©5 thi Crown .which made it a vote of censura oz themselves. But the objections which pre« me most closely would apply equally, and re main, I conceive, of irresistible force ; thougl Sir Charles Darling wero admitted on al hands to be a model Governor ; and thougl the other House did not make and won confessedly not entitled to make, thi smallest objection to the form in whicl the vote will be submitted to them I propose to invite the committee t< consider simply and exclusively what is ou: own duty in the premises. My first objectioi to this vote is that the constitution unde: which we live consists of three branches-al three as indispensable to the plan" of it a three sides are to a triangle ; and that thi; vote wiU establish a precedent by which om branch of the Legislature may corrupt, am therefore nullify, another branch.. When '. glanced at this objection on a former oc'ca sion, the learned Attorney-General professe« himself unable to understand what 1 meant It was owing, no doubt, to the brevity of th allusion or to the obscurity of my language and I will try now, I trust with moro sue cess, to make my meaning inteUigible. I you establish the precedent of granting mono; to a Governor for falling in with the policy o the Chamber which controls tho public purse the inevitable result, sooner or later, mus be that a Governor will çursue a partícula policy in the hope of receiving a similar re ward ; that is to say, he will act corruptly ii the exercise of his high functions. Lot u keep in mind that a governor, as the Queen' representative, constitutes in his own perso; one branch of the Legislature, and justa complete and essential a branch as either o tho Houses. If the Governor attempted, o George III. successfully attempted, to it iluenco the representatives of the people b the hope or certainty of pecuniary rewarc the dullest man in the community wonl understand the nature and danger of thi transaction. But how is it-less dangerou that the third blanch of tho Lcgislatui should be improperly influenced than tb first or second ? May money for past politici services be safely granted to one branch e the Legislature and not safely to the others and if so, will tho learned Attorney-Gcneri be good enough to teU us why so ? Suppos a minority in this Houso were called t power, and in order to strengthen then selves had induced a number of the mi jority to support them, and that thei supporters were afterwards thrown out e Porliament by their constituents for viola ing their trust, and that the Coven mont to whom they gave their vote proposed to put a sum upon the Estimate to compensate them for the loss of the scats and to rehabilitate their characters, wi any member of the Government be goo enough to tell us how that transaction woul differ in essence from the present proposal (Hear, hear.) It may bo said, a membi losing his seat makes no pecuniary sacrifice but assume the payment of members to be i force, as no doubt it will be in force by an by, and the parallel will bo exact and con píete. In the scheme of our Constitution ti Assemblyhasitsplace andfunctions, the Com eil its place and functions, and the Governi his ; those of the Assembly are undoubted the largest and most important ; but for th very reason it is less necessary to supplemoi tbem illegitimately, To suppress one i those independent forces, whose separa action is the life of tho Constitution, und whatever popular pretence the thing is don is ah offence like weighing with false weigh -you destroy tho just equilibrium upe which the result sought depends. I trust ti Attorney-General now understands what mean by affirming that this vote initiates policy calculated to alter the basis of ti Constitution ahd the Telation of the thr branches of the Legislature to each otho But, in addition to constituting a branch the Legislature, the Governor has anoth character- that of the Queen's agent, auth rised to perform certain functions which si cannot conveniently perform in person. '? this character, wojiroposo by tho present vo to set an example dangerous not merely the balance of the Constitution, but da gwous to public morality. (Hear, b'ea: Stript naked of all plausibilities and pi tences, this proposal is Uterally one to rewa an agent for not fulfilling his duty to I principal. (Cheers.) Be pleased to rememb that your opinion, that ho performed his du efficiently, can be of no weight in this'cas because it is to his employer, and to his ei plover alone, an agent must look for approv and reward. But the illustrious personaj whose agent he was, not only did not appro and} reward, but disapproved and dismiss ' lier agent for miimanaging the duties on . trusted to him. But the Attorney- General . affirms he has been unjustly dismissed, and that itis the duty of this Houso to remove tho stigma from him, and re- establish his cha- racter. Now, this is precisely what we can- not by any means.for in any degree, ac- complish. (Hear, hear.) Wo may givo him ?money, but tbo credit of performing his duty adequately can be accorded to him only by his employer. Nay, our sympathy wiU pro Jjably nave the exactly opposite effect, and excite undue suspicion against him. (Hear, bear.) Lot me illustrate my meaning by a case of the same character on a smallor scale :-Supposo wo sent a gentleman in .whom wo have confidence to represent us as «gent general in England, and that after a time it became 'necessary to remove him for disregarding his instructions, should wo con- sider his official character ro-establishcd if the persons in England, in concert with whom "Le had ncted, and in whoso interest Iris ne- glect of his instructions was committed, gave bim a sum of money and a voto of thanks ? .<Crics of "Hear, hear.") Quito otherwise, I ihink. Or take a more familiar and intelli- gible case. If an engineer under the de parement of Roads and Bridges wero dis- missed for not being sufficiently strict with the contractors he was appointed to supervise, .would his credit bo re-established if the con- tractors voted him a gold snuff-box, with an . expression of their unalterable confidence in, his integrity ? Wo may givo Sir Charles Dar- ling £20,000, but tho othor result at which the Attorney-General aims is quito out of our power to attain-(hear, hear)-we cannot re . establish his character as a faithful and offi- cient agent. But it is said that the Crown . cannot be hostile to this vote, because it has sanctioned it hero by a message and from home by a despatch. One-half of this state- ment the bon. and gallant member for West Melbourne has already shown has no practi- cal meaning, and the other half has tho mis- fortune not to be true. Tho Crown which -sent this message, simply means tho hon. gentlemen opposite, who havo an intonso personal and party interest in this_ vote, '¿'he other statement that any sanction of any sort has been given to this proceeding from home I pronounce to-bc unworthy of . credit and incapablo of proof. (Hear, hear ) Why, what has the Colonial Office done? 'The House petitioned tho Queen that Sir . Charles Darling might be permitted to accept this donation, but the Queen positively re- fused her consent. Sir Charles Darling re- newed the application personally to tho 'Colonial-office, under circumstances that must have made it peculiarly painful to refuse it ; but Lord Carnarvon again declined to relax tho standing regulation against this practice. It has been suggested, indeed, in this House, it is hinted in tho present mes .sage, and it has been affirmed outside of ?the nouse, with a brazen effrontery, that Lo was permitted and authorised to receivo it if he retired from the colonial service, and that, having retired, ho has put himself in the required position. This is to reverso tho facts by a sort of logical legerdemain ; ho was required to retire before accepting it, not to . qualify himself for it, but as a punishment for disobeying the injunction of his mistress not to receive it. The language of tho Colo .niol Office admits of no misapprehension j it means and says "You cannot continue in the Queen's service if you commit this se- rious impropriety." Let any one make tho . case his own. If a person in your employ- ment wished to do something which you highly disapproved of, and on his persisting you said to"him, " Well, sir, you cannot re ,iuain in my service if you do so ;" would such languago imply that you approved of his doing it after ho left your service? or would it not rather imply that you took the most significant and conclusivo method of . exhibiting your entire disapproval of Ins Îimpose? There is one person, indeed, who ios no doubt as to the meaning and intent . of the Colonial Office. Sir Charles Darling, in one of his letters to Lord Carnarvon, distinctly describes the decision of the home . Government as "the Crown withholding its . sanction of tho proposed grant." After this admission by the person most concerned, I trust we shall not havo any furthoi . attempt to mislead the Houso by speakinj of this voto as having tho sanction of the . Crown in any other than a perfunctory sense, But why did the Duke of Buckingham announce Sir Charles Dailing's relinquish ment of the colonial service ,m a despatci to the piesent Governor ?-a fact which seem! to havo mado a serious impression upon sorni .peisons, and is significantly dwelt upon ir tho message now before us. The reason lu . did so is obvious. The first portion of tht correspondence was transmitted to tht Goreinor to explain to the colony the ground! upon which the request of the Legislative Assembly was refused ; and the latter part o the same correspondence was transmitted ti the Governor because Sir Charles Darlinj 8jecially requested that it might be sent. Si; . Charles asked to have it sent, and it was sent but it was not accompanied by a syllable ol . sanction, or indeed by a word beyond whal was barely necessary, the despatch amount ing to exactly two lines. It would bo as surniiig the Secretary for the Colonies to bo c mau without sense or consistency to believi him one day insisting on tho rigid enforce merit of a regulation of the service ove: which ho piesides, and the next day suggest ing to a colonial Government to ovado ant . disregai d it. But ho has done nothing of the kind. One topicemore and I havo done. In thi debate on the address, tho Attorney- Genera invited me to state whether or not I conside the honour pf the House pledged to this vote . It would be rash, I think, to affirm that ai address frorn this House requesting th 1 Queen's sanction to the acceptance of a gra tuity binds the country to pay it when th -sanction might have been positively refused and it is notable that in the beginning evei the Attorney- General treated the offer as on . conditional on the Queen's assent to it bein] obtained ; and it would bo still rasher ti ailinn that because we havo entered upoi awiong and dangerous course, we have ni choice but to persist in it to tho end. (Cheers) But, nevertheless, as it is our duty to b jealous of the public faith of the country when by any implication it can be considere! as pledged, I have always advocated acceptini tliis voto in a separate bill, provided it bo re . served for tho Queen's píeosme. Without th reservation for the Queen, a separate bil would not remove my objections, and should vote against it. But if it were so io served, and tho entire case remitted fo .judgment, it is her agent whom itis proposei to reward ; it is her prerogative which is cn . dangered by rendering governors liablo to b influenced by the hope of such rewaidsii the futuie ; and we might be content to leav her to be tho guardian of her own interests If she vetoed the biU, it would be impossibl to affirm that the Legislativo Assembl .of Victoria had not kept faith with Si ' Charles Darling ; for we have no power t grant money unless it be asked by the Queer . or her agent, in the first instance, and sane tioned, by the Queen, or her agent, aftor i has been granted, If she assented to the bill ite who have objected to the voto would b hound to acquiesce, though wo might do s with a painful sense that wo wero endangoi . mg the British Constitution, with its poten . securities for public liberty, for tho dominan will of a single party, or it may be a singl poison, in the community. If the Govern ment will not have recourse to a separat bill-if they will persist in carrying ou the lash and indefensible programme the; have bketched, of sending up this voto ' . second time in the Appropriation Bill, am in ciiho the bill is rejected-dissolving th House. I trust the vote «-ill never becom law, and not bo paid till Doomsday; fo that piogramme seems to mo more shame lessly violent and revolutionary than an; pioceeding that everhas boen attempted undi: Parliamentary government. What is th pretence for sending up this bill anew with in a few weeks? Have aU other mean .been tried and failed? No: the ordinär constitutional means of having recourse t the Opposition, as the bon. and gallan member for West Melbourno remarked has not even been attempted. Thoso wh know the House longer and better than I d \- arc persuaded that had the resignation of th 'Government been a genuino resignation followed by the ordinary consequences, thei suçccisors would have found a majority i HIM House to sanction a separate biU. ("Ni- no.") _ Well, that is a matter of opinion ; hu till this attempt was duly made, the neccssit ?or justification for having recourse to th present proceeding could notarise, Äs regard a dissolution, I think I may personally cor template it with as little apprehension c most men in this House ; but I cannot sht 'iny eyes to| tho fact, that a dissolution unde .present circumstances is not within th rango of English Parliamentary practice c .the intentions of the Constitution, Th legitimate object of a dissolution is to brin the Lower House and the Executive Govon 'ment into harmony ; but hore they are airead .in harmony, and, therefore, it cannot bete this purpose. If it bo employed to frighte tho other House from exorcising a right coi "ferred upon them by the Constitution, an "which is exercised in defence of the Constiti tion itself, I affirm that there is not in Pa .hamentury history- a more unjustifiabl «proceeding. I cannot believe that ti Queen's representative, if he distinctly understands the consequences, will make himself a party to this proceeding. What aro tho consequences 1 Let us assume that tho country, as we are assured, will pronqunco in favour of Government, and a majority bo returned to a new Assembly pledged to the - Darling vote. Will the Council immediately abandon its strong and well- grounded objections? If it does, the Government will havo succeeded by an arbi- trary use of the Queen's prerogative in destroying the power and status of one branch of the Legislature, and havo estab- lished a precedent for corrupting a second branch, by which means we shall havo effec- tually got rid of the British Constitution. But suppose the Council does not give way what then? There will bo no snpplies for' the ,ycar, and rooney will be indispensably and immediately necessary. What will bo the remedy? To govern without the other nouse, as we aro warned in Ministerial journals ; or to abolish the Upper House, as some gentlemen opposite contemplate ; or a third alternative, which I can anticipate with scarcely moro satisfaction-to follow the precedent which the Government esta- blished by the last dissolution: first, to pledge the constituencies and representa- tives passionately to a particular course, and then to take tho exactly opposite one (cheers)-to yield after a general election the point which, if it were yielded-before, would not only render a dissolution unnecessary, but could be yielded without dishonour. As none of these results seem to mo compatible with the prosperity and credit of tho country, I never acted under a more distinct convic- tion of public duty than in voting against this grant. (Cheers.) Mr. B1ND0N observed that the hon. gen- tleman who had last spokehTiad in one yart of his speech completely answered tho pre- ceding part. The non. member was wiUing to voto for the grant, though he considered it a bribe if it was passed in a separate bill and reserved for Her Majesty's assent. But surely it made no difference how the bribe was given if it was given at all. Th« receipt of tho money rendered tho action corrupt, and not the manner in which it was paid. Mr. DUFFY said tho learned gentleman was misrepresenting his remarks. What ho said was, that he thought the vote corrupt ; others held a different opinion, and he pro- posed to refer it to the highest authority, and one whoso interest was involved in it - namely, the Queen. " Mr. BINDON thought His Excellency tho Governor was a high enough authority in tho matter if he was worthy to be Governor of this colony, and he had recommended this vote. The bon. member had dwelt upon the rule of principal and agent. Well, the Governor was agent for the Queen, and no Governor could benefit himself, or in plain language, hecouldnot endow himself, just in the same way as a land agent could not give himself a lease of his principal's land. But to argue that, therefoie, this vote should not be included in the Appropriation Bill was a complete fallacy. Sir Charles Darling was no longer Governor of this country ; he was not called upon to do any act in this matter, and he had' nothing to do with the grant of this money ; he was a perfect stranger to the Government of this country ; so that there was no reason to reservo this vote for Hei Majesty's assent, unless they caine to the conclusion that Sir Henry Manners Sutton was unworthy of tho Queen's confidence, The bon. gentleman spoke about the manuel in which this vote was introduced, but he should have known that the 50th clause of the Constitution Actgavo to tho Assembly thorighi to control appropriation bills. If, then, the origin of the bill rested with tho "House, se did the manner of its initiation. Wen they always to frame bills in the mannei which would please another Chamber ? II that were so, it simply amounted to this that an alteration might be effected by thai House in the Appropriation Bill whilst thi Constitution Act distinctly stated that thi Upper House had no voice in the alteratioi of any money bills. The hon. member wen on to say that this vote involved a polic which should not bo-included in tho Apprc Enation Bill. He (Mr. Bindon) must remim im that he had stated in tho House, tha payment of members should be included i: the Appropriation Bill, Yet such a jroposi tion involved a policy, and a very distinc policy, and one contrary to a policy cudorsei by an act of Parliament. It was the policy c an act of Parliament that no member shouli be remunerated in any way, whilo in th House. Yet the bon. gentleman proposed t place payment of members on the Estimates and so repeal that policy by a sidewind, am deprivo the Council of any voice on the sul ject. Mr. DUFFY.-The hill was not in open tion when I made that statement. Mr. BINDON.-Has the hon. gentlema changed his opinion ? Mr. DUFFY,-Ho certainly proposed the Sayment of members should bo placed on th ¡stimates,; but he took that course becaus such payment was placed on the Estimati in, Canada and other countries, and he di think that the practice in those countrii might fairly be accepted as a precedent. Bi the bon. and learned gentleman could n< point to any precedent for a similar vote I the present. The objection raised, that an ai of IjVirliament forbade payment to member was not started before, and thereforo ho ho not considered it, although it was entitled I fair consideration. . Mr. BINDON then understood that ti hon. member had not changed his opinioi and was still quite prepared to support pa; ment of members on the Estimates. K turning to the case now before tho Hous Sir Charles Darling was no longer in the Gi vernmont service, and to vote tho money fe him on tho Estimates was simply to confer grant upon him because the people, throug their representatives in tbe Assembly, d sired that it should be done. Tho hon. men bcr for Dalhousie said something about r formation of the other House, andhethouerl a reform desirable ; but it was not so much reform of the constitution of the Counc that was required as that that body shoul conform to tho usages and practico of ti Imperial Parliament. He would like the hoi gentleman to point to any instance whe the House of Lords hod ever rejected an a propriation bill. That body did not even da to object to the Reform Bill, though, if the mer bers were polled individually, they would ha' been found personally opposed toit. Yet tin said nothing against it, simply because ti people, thi ough the House of Commons, lu desired that it should become law. Mr. DUFFY. - They made importai amendments. Mr. BINDON.-The important amen ments affected only eleven constituencie and required that the electors should vo for two members instead of three. The ho member for Dalhousie said that ho desin an increase of power to the other Hous provided they were put on an extended basi but he ought to know that political pow was a given quantity, and consisted of number of balances one against anothe ?When, therefore, he proposed to increase ti Eower of tho Upper nouse just by so much d c diminish the power of the Lower Char ber. He said that tho opinion ho held w entertained by the most advanced libera in England. Ho (Mr. Bindon) denied ti proposition, and asserted that views we held at home which would alarm some peor here. Mr. Hare, an advanced liberal, hi lately written that the poorer a citizen ti greaterinteresthadhcingood legislation. TI was a startling doctrine, and one opposed the notion generally received of a man havii a fixed stake in tho country. And he believ that Mr. Hare was right. No doubt sor advanced liberals had expressed an opinii that the House of Lords should be ma more useful than it was, at.d for his own po he would bo glad to seo tho Legislati Council more useful than it had been, f hitherto it had only initiated ono biU whi had become law-Torrens' Act-and to th the lion, gentleman (Mr. Duffy) was oppose Mr. DUl'FY.-I was not, Mr. BINDON.-The bill was carried in c fiance of 'the law officers. Mr. DUFFY.-The law officers aro not t Ministry. Mr. BINDON.-Then the bon. member w opposed to his colleagues. (Cheers,) Mr. DUFFY.-What did you do about t education question ? (Laughter and cheer Mr. BINDON advocated the views whi the bon. gentleman had agreed with him holding in Ireland*-namely, secular edu< tion. If be had changed his opinions, (Mr. Bindon) had not. (Cheers.) With : terence to the views of the advanced libera he challenged the lion, member to show o statement where it was proposed to ta power from the peoplo of England and gi it to the House of Lords. They might debí this question as they liked, but the cont was whether this Houso or tho other shoi have ultimate power. (Cheers, and cries " No.") He repeated, that such was the ce test ; and, in the language of John Stuart M: ultimate power must rest with the people a jthernostpopular branchof the Legislature. ; supposed it would bo admitted that the i sembly was the most popular brauch. TI represented the taxpayers, both rich and poor -all the peoplo, both rich and poor. But tho other House only represented a class-the landed class, barristers, doctors, and mom bers of other professions. .The Assembly represented all classes, and therefore had a right to appropriate the taxes in the manner and form it thought best; and if thoy sub- mitted to dictation, thoy would simply abandon the power of tho people, and hand over ultimate power to tho other House. And what had tbo othor Houso dono that it should possess that power? Ho belioved that had it not been for the Council, tho population of tho colony would have been doubio what it was. A Land Act was passed In 18(52, and yet, although it was admitted to he a failure, no amendment in it was passed till 18G5. Mr. DUFFY.-Tho present Government voted against one bill in order to como into office. Mr. BINDON said the Government tried to pass several bills, but failed. A great talk was made about illegality ; but he should like to know what power existed in 18G2 to with- hold the land areas from selection till 1865 ? The land bills were thrown out because ulti- mate power on them rested with tho Upper House. In money, matters ultimate power íested with the Assembly, and he hoped thoy would retain it, and not deliver it up to an oligarchy which could be controlled by iifteon members. Ho had thus endeavoured toanswor some of tho arguments of tho member for Dalhousie, and he belioved successfully. (Great laughter.) Mr. LANGTON submitted that tho lion. ? the Minister of Justice, though ho had delivered the first speech in which the House appeared to havo taken any interest, had not refuted, as he seemed to think, the aiguments advanced by tho hon. motar her for Dalhousie. He (Mr. Langton) utterly denied that tho present contest between the two Houses was for ultimate supremacy in money matters. The other branch of the Legislature had never con- tended for or attempted to secure any moro power than was conferred upon it by the strict letter of the Constitution Act. It was the fashion to ignoro the Constitution Act, and stand upon tho usages of tho Im- perial Parliament as a vantage ground ; but he could show from Mr. Gladstone himself that it was admitted at home that the nouse of Lords had the power of amending money bills, that it would be most unwise for tho House of Lords to abandon ono jot of the rights thuy<had always laid claim to, and that he was pre- pared to concedo that circumstances might ariso in which it would bo dosirablo for tlio House of Lords to use their privileges to the full extent. [Mr. BIKDON.-" That is in my favour ; tho House of Lords has the power, but does not use it."] The question at issue was the right of the nouse. The argument hero had been the perfect right of tho As- sembly to put tho vote in tho Appropriation Bill, and tho Assembly was, therefore, shut out from urging as an argnment that the House of Lords, though possessing tliis por fect right, did not choose to exercise it. If tho Houso of Lords possessed the right of amending money bills, which under certain circumstances tho opponents of the claims of the House of Lords thought they would be justified in using, what would be gained by bestowing upon the Legislative CouncU, instead of tho powers they now pos- sessed, the powers of the House of Lords ' The ground taken by bon. members opposite was that the House had a perfect right to put this vote in tho Appropriation BiU, but where was the authority for it? (Mr. MACGHBOOK "The ¡56th clause of the Constitution Act.") Ho was not aware that the clause in question gave auy such authority, and, besides, tho House must he guided by precedents of tho Imperial Parliament. ("Hear, hear," and laughter, from the Ministerial benches,) In. j all cases where particular usages had not been mado here, they wero remitted by the Constitution Act to the practices of . ,tho Imperial Parliament ; and as yet the, Victorian Parliament had made no rules which had the forco of law. For the House to insist on doing even what it had a right to do would not bo a states- manlike policy, and if Parliaments acted on such a principle there would bo no end to tho . dead-locks that would arise. As a dissolution seemed to have gone out of favour with the Government supporters, ho wished to know what would he done under the circumstances, as the vote would again bo assuredly re- jected, nis hon. friend occupying a seat on the other sido of the House, felt it his duty, as a Christian young_ man, to recommend tho holding of a public meeting at which a re- volution was freely sçoken of. The language used on this occasion had but one com- mon-sense meaning, and that was violence. But he believed that no one, though pos- sessed of ten times tho vitnperativo power of the Attorney-General, would succeed in exciting .the people to violence. Tho Attorney-Geneial seemed determined to copy Catiline and llobespierre. Tho ' hero of ancient Rome occupied himself in ad- vocating the division ot the wealth of tho educated classes, making tho rich poor and the poor rich; and the Attorney-General's opinion of tho "wealthy lower orders" ap- pealed in the expressions " foulest demonts of political life" and "vilest faction." Tho great agitators he had named, who obtained their political ends by setting the law at defi- ance, had at least the courago to resort to the ultimate argument of revolution-violence ; but it -would be just as easy to establish boro tho paganism of Rome or the athoism of Paris as to revivo the scenes of violenco and bloodshed which -marked tho great revolu- tions of Home and France, Mr. BALFOUR imagined, from the singu- larly gentlemanly way in which he had been referred to, that since Mr. Langton became the lion, member for East Melbourno ho had lt-pudiated the Christian religion. Ho un- derstood that the bon. member was in St. George's ball when he made the speech-re feired to-(Mr. LANGTON.-"I was".)-and he must, therefore, weil know that the revolu- tion which ho (Mr. Balfour) spoke of was one the first step of which was tho rejec- tion of the Appropriation BilL This re- volution, as he then said, had no necessary connexion with bloodshed or barricades. Ho had only to tell tho bon. member, if be did not know it already, that the ¡neatest revolutions the English nation had seen had been bloodless revolutions. Ho desired to give the hon. member some information with reference to another point. He had spoken a good deal about the ignor- ance of some bon. members oven as regarded Roman history. Ile (Mr. Balfour) would conclude by giving a quotation from Thomp- son's History of Rome, the present toxt-book at the universities : "There are no set forms of high treason in history. Whoever provokes one power in the .state to conllict with another is certainly a i evolutionist; but he may bo at the same time a sagacious and praiseworthy statesman." « Mr. G. P. SMITH remarked that it seemed to him that tho bon. member for Dalhousie framed his statements and principles te suit the convenience of tho moment, for hi found in Hansard a speech by the bon. mern ber ndvocating the insertion in tho Appro priation Act of a vote for the payment oi members for the purposo of coercing thi Upper House. The .bon. member, at thal time, actually proposed to introduce into the Appropriation Act a provision altering the Constitution of the colony and over-ridint the Officials in Parliament Act-an act, moreover, which had been reserved for Hei Majesty's assent. The lion, member did no1 then proposo to reserve the matter for Hei Majesty's assent, but advocated a coursi which was practically setting her authority at defiance. The bon. momber said that thii message was the message of the Governor'! advisers. Granted that it was so. Thi power of tho Governor in the state con iisted in his power of refusing to accop the authority of his Ministers, and it wa a matter of no moment whether tho mes sage which had 'been sent to the Uppe House was the message of His Excellency o , of his Ministers, provided it was sent dowi by him. If he thought that it was uuconsti tmioii.il that this grant should be voted- i j he thought it was improper that Sir Charle Darling should have tho money-ho wouli have i refused to accept tho advice of hi Ministers, and the messago would not hav ¡beensent down. Tho bon. member for Dal ihousie failed to see that tho Governor, beside being the mouthpiece of his advisers, wa also the agent of the Crown. Being th .agent of tho Crown, surely if h believed that Her Majesty would no sanction this vote, if ho believed that it wo 'opposed to Imperial interests, he would hav refused to send down the message. Tho hor member must be awaro that the act of a: 'agent was binding on his principal so long a 'tho act carno within the scope of the agent' authority, and no reasons had boen give why in this caso the agent should be set asid and an appeal be made to tho principal. Th lion. meinhcrforDalbousiohad raised anothc difficulty by his admission that tho Quco ,was in the hands of her advisers. It followe therefore that if Parliamont" should pass th hill, and request the Governor not to oxercis Her Majesty's prerogative, but to send horn the bul to England, they would be in tb position of submitting not to the will < Her Majesty but to the Colonial-office. What would bo the result? First of all, there was Mr. Cardwell...who blamed Sir Charles Darl- ing ; then there was tho Earl of Carnarvon, who would not accedo to tho grant; and now thero was the Duke of Buckingham, who did accSdo to it. Tho result of adopting such a course would he, that wo should bo, setting asido our constitutional rights and privileges, and causing the most important matters of colonial policy to bo depondent upon the opinion of any English Minister who might happen to bo in power. He (Mr. Smith) could not see what grounds there wero for separat- ing this grant from tho Appropriation Bill. Any objection which might havo been raised in another place to tho principle of the vote would como with tenfold force if that Houso wasasked to pass the vote separately. He had beeiiinformca that an address had been agreed to in another place to tho effect that if the vote was sent up "separately it would receivo serious consideration. Well, he would not suppose of any legislative hody that,it would adopt measures without consideration ; and if the Upper House were consistent, what must he tho earnest consideration which they would have to give this grant if sent up in a separate bill ? Why, that- they must consider it in the terms of the resolution which they bad already agreed to, as subversivo of Im- perial interests, as conducive to corrupt prac- tices, and calculated to degrade tho office of Governor, Therefore, to send the grant to the Upper Houso for its acceptance in a separate measure would bo asking that body to stultify itself. Again, ho considered that this House could not retire from the position it had taken up without elegrading itself, and giving to the Legislative Council a power »which tho House of Lords did not possess. He was willing to concedo that tho Upper House should havo the right of reject- ing an appropriation biU, should circum- stances require it-should there bo such a violation of constitutional rights and privi- leges attempted as would justify that branch of the Legislature, in the opinion of tho people of tho country, in adopting such a couisc. Then, and only then, would the Upper Houso bo justified in exercising that right. They ought to send up the Appropriation Bill with an expression of their willingness to discuss the rights of the two Houses, and to arrive at a solution of the dead-lock. It had been said that tho issue of this trial of strength-if trial of strength it were to be would bo violent. No one on this side of tho Houso courted violence, but lion, members on the other side had dono much to provoko violence. The people of this country, how- ever, were thoroughly loyal, and had deep seated love of order, and those members would not be gratified by violenco in the con- duct of this contest to its propor issue and legitimate termination-the subserviency of the Upper House to public opinion calmly and deliberately expressed. It was intolerable that any branch of the Legislature, and still more that an oligarchy, should assert the right to be insensible to public opinion. The Upper House ought to follow tho example of its great model. The House of Lords had passed a great measure, to which every one knew it was not favourable, in obedience to public opinion. That assembly, most illus- trious in its origin, most profound in its wisdom¡ magnificent in its wealth, grand in its dignity, but most humble and subservient to public opinion, had passed with grace and apparent -willingness a measure of enfran I chisemcnt which must do much to sweep away tho bulwarks of the Constitution, and perhaps its own prescriptive privileges. Mr. DUFFY explained that ho was in error in stating that the Officials in Parlia- ment Act had been passed after and not, as it was, before the time when he advocated the placing of payment of members upon tho Estimates. He had never heard tho relation- ship of that act to this question suggested before, and regretted that he had made a mistake even on so immaterial a point. The ground on which payment of mem- bers might be placed upon the Estimates could be stated in a nutshell. Payment of members existed in every community of British extraction, except England itself and the Australian colonies. The principle, however, of rewarding an officer for pursuing a course opposed to his instructions was q uito different, and was one which ought not to be embodied in the Appropriation Bill. Ho must condole with his non. and learned friend the Minister of Justice, that his hon. colleague the' Minister of Mines did not consider him adequate to the task of answering him (Mr. Daffy), but had gone "fossicking" among the Ministerial camp followers for some one to supplement his observations. ' That, however, simply in- terested and amusod him (Mr. Duffy). He never thought ho succeeded unless some dog barked, and he would be quite sure that ho had not succeeded in impressing the House with his views unless one or two gross, scandalous, and malignant h'es wero published in a couple of newspapers on the same subject. Mr. SNODGRASS could not support tho vote unless it was accompanied by a condition that it would be reserved for Hor Majesty's assent. He behoved that whatever mistakes Sir C. Darling had committed, they had been eclipsed altogether by the performances of the present Governor. He had hoard it said that His Excellency must not bo referred to. ne (Mr. Snodgrass) claimed Hberty of speech, and he believed that the proceedings of the last few weeks would place the conduct of Sir Charles Darling in a more favourable light than ever it stood before. His misconduct never amounted to what had been lately done by Sir Henry Manners Sutton. Ho referred to tho farce of tho Ministry resigning, and his sending not for constitutional advisers, but applying for what was termed 'advico. Whether his conduct arose from ignorance or design, he (Mr. Snodgrass) elid not know ; but be had no hesitation in expressing his opinion that Sir Charles Darling would now stand in a far better position. He believed, however, that it would bo impossible to pass tho vote in its present form | and ho therefore begged to move tho'addition of the following words:-"Upon condition that no payment be made from this vote without the assent of Her Majesty the Quei'n being signified to His Excellency the Govornor." Mr. ORR thought it was no use discussing nbstiact questions as to the rights of either House, because tho subject had passed beyond that stngc. ne had opposed tho vote in its former stages, ond agreed with all that had been said as to tho unsoundness of tho prin- ciple involved in it. But this House, having agieed to give Sir Charles Dariing tho money, ..md he having relinquished his position in the colonial servico for the purposo of receiv- ing it, the honour of this House was involved in his getting it ; and get it ho would, no matter now it was obtained. Thoy should, therefore, consider what was the best way to get the vote passed. Every member of the Government knew that thoy would , havo to sepaiato this vote from tho Appropriation Act before it was passed. (Mr. G. V. SMITH. " No.") He believed the inhabitants of this country had too much good sensp ever to be diagged into violent or unbecoming conduct; and unless the Ministry wished to trade on this crisis, and to keep the two Houses in a perpetual state of recrimination, thoy would see the propriety of separating this vote, and sending it up in a separate bill. Mr. JONES believed there had been, some thiowing of dust in the recent management . of the quarrel between the two Houses. Ho could seo no ground for the gratulation which had been indulged in with reforence to the messago of His Excellency. It was not pre- tended that that message was sent down by the Governor entirely on his own responsi- bility, or as the agent of Her Majesty. That supposition was disposed of by the statement of the Chief Secretary, that tho Ministry wore responsible for tho acts of the Governor; and, therefore, there was no ground for the impression that some special act had been done by the Governor on behalf of his illustrious mistress. He thought that something like a concession had been made to another place when thero should bo no concession. He behoved that a ' concession had been made which would not ,bo effective in preventing a crisis. This Houso, and this House alone, was responsiblo for tho financial government of tho country. It was said that tho home Government wero , opposed to this grant, But it was time this ghost was laid. The Colonial Office had i thrown no obstacles in tho way of its receipt, i but had given facilities for bringing it before tho Assembly. And so far, wore thoy from condemning the administration of SirCharlcs Darling, or any of tho acts of his Ministers, ¡that when the Treasurer went home the .Queen conferred a high honour upon him. He did not think the vote could be regarded ¡as a bribe, hut it would show that Governors iwero not to be intimidated by one nouse or the other. He trusted that the time would .shortly como when an alteration would bo effected in our Constitution. When they talked 'of i evolution they did not mean violence, for most revolutions were effected without blood- shed. Meantimo the Houses would havo to "get on as best thoy might.. The As- sembly could not control tho Council; -but the time might arrive when tho Assembly would be in a position to say that, although they denied the right of the Couucil to claim this vote to bo in a separate measure, they would consent to send it up in that, simpo. , Mr. G. V. SMITH remarked that the amendment could not bo accepted,, as the House would, never consent to allow its privileges to be determined by any other body. Ho pointed out that the assent of the Crown to this vote might be assumed, because if His ExceUency bau received instructions not to permit its being passed he would havo ro lused to accept the advico of his Ministers, arid would have acted on his own responsi- bility. Mr. M'LELLAN believed that if Sir Charles Darling had been guilty of tho con- duct for which lie had been recalled a century and a half ago* he would have beon im- peached, and sent to a placo from which ho hoped ho was far enough now. Sir Charles Darling did not deserve tho money, and ho should never receive it through his (Mr. M'Lellan's) vote. The committee then, divided on the amend- ment, when thore appeared Ayes. '. 3 Noes.40 Majorityagainst the amendment 37 The ayes wore Messrs. Snodgiass, Snowball, and Hanna. The committee then divided on tho vote, with the following result : Ayes.39 Noes.10 Maj ority in favour of the vote ... 29 The following is the division-list : A-SES. Mr. Balfour Mr. Harbison Mr. Richardson \- liimlon - Heath - Rlddoll ! \- Bowman - Henty - Smlt,h, 0. P. I \- Burrowes - Hlginbotliara - Smith, Q. V. \- Burtt - Hopkins - Smith, J. T. \- Cope - Jones - Smyth \- Cunningham - Kinir - Stutt \- Davies - Kyto - Sullivan \- Evans - Macgregor - Tucker \- Farrell - M'Culloch - Vale \- Francis - M'Kcaa - Verdon \- Frazer - Orr - Watkins \- Grant - Reeve« - Whcolor. NOES. Mr. Blackwood Mr. Lanpton Mr. MacMalion \- Duffy - Lovi -Mooro \- Ireland - M'Lcllan - O'Grady. \- Kerferd Progress was then reported, and leave given to sit again next day. DUTIES ON 81'tIUTB. Mr. LANGTON moved "That thone bo laid upon tho table of this House a return of tho quantities of under- proof spirits entcied for homo consumption, and the amount of duties paid on them, in each of the quarters of the two years ending 30th September, 1866 and 1867 ; and also of the said quantities and duties for tho week ending 30th ult." The motion was agreed lo. The Houso, at a quarter-post eleven o'clock, adjourned until four p.m. next day. 