T .;: HOW I WON POLLY AND A POSTMASTEESHIP. I WAS the second sub-clerk at the Cowford office, when the postmaster, Mr. Dwerrymah, was compelled to resign rather suddenly, through ill-health. As a consequence, the first sub clerk, Chaundy, and I had to do the chief's work between us, until a fresh appointment was made. It was thought in the office that Chaundy was likely to get, not the Cowford office, but that of Moilingham, the postmaster of which would proba- bly be transferred to Cowford. He was the likeliest candidate for our vacancy, thotigh Chaundy had been recommended for it by Dwerryman, who was a man much thought of at head- quarters. It was supposed that Chaundy was sure to get some sort of promotion ; and I think it puffed him up a little, for he seemed to give himself the airs of a superior, and certainly ?made me do the lion's share of the work. I didn't care. I was poor, and a sub-clerk, and I never expected to be anything else. And why? Because I was in love. That is a thing to make most men ambitious; but it only made me, if not con- tented, at all events submissive under poverty. I had fallen in love with the heiress of one of the richest landowners in the county; and I knew no possible position within my limited sphere would or could ever qualify me to become a suitor for her hand. Dreams of ambition therefore did not trouble me. Had the office of postmaster-general or secretary been vacant, and made the prize of a severe competitive examination, I would have given the best years of my life, poor scholar as I was, to study, for the contest, in order to try and win a position that would make me worthy of her. Failing, I should have to .come back without a murmur to my high stool, with a bold face and a broken heart. She was a lovely girl-such a merry bright glimpse of sunshine ! We first became acquainted-if I may so term her condescending ever after to how to me-on j one St. Valentine's Day, when I stamped some twenty valen- tines for her. When she was gone I looked them over-not I without a pang of jealousy, which was allayed when I found I they were either to schoolfellows or old gentlemen, her god- father, her uncles, and that sort of thing. A more innocent I batch of valentines never swelled her Magesty's revenue. How I a man like her father could ever had so charming a daughter, I can't understand. Mr. Darke was a harsh proud man, stern on ,the bench, and heartless at the board. He was severity itself with all tramps and beggars, and he preserved his game with the utmost strictness. There was a fierce hatred and a I fued of long standing between him and the poachers, who were tolerably plentiful. He was not the sort of man I was at all i disposed to ask for leave to pay my addresses to his daughter. So I bowed to fate ; cherished Mary's image in my heart of hearts ; and used to comfort myself in the intervals of business by reciting mentally Shelley's Unes about Tho love cf ihi moV.i for the star. Besides this I had but one delight-that of collecting foreign stamps for her. She happened one day to ask for one that was lying on the office-ledge; and I kept a watch for them ever afterwards. How grateful I was to the mania I had once scorned and despised ! ¡ This humble passion of mine had existed nearly two years under not highly favourable circumstances, and, what is more, instead of diminishing, it was increasing. Meantime, Chaundy and I went on as two sub- clerks rolled into one postmaster, and no appointment was announced. Early in December theft was always a great ball at Cowford, whereat all classes met, and I were supposed to fraternise. It was the event of the season in the county. Mr. Darke was one of the patrons, and occasion- , ally honored the ball with his presence, and that of "his lovely and accomplished daughter," as the local journal gushingly , styled her. This year he had not announced his intention of going, and it was generally supposed therefore that he would ' not be present. He had just made a fierce raid on the poachers, and was reported to head his watchers nightly in person, being determined to put down the gang, two of the 1 ringleaders of which had just been sentenced to long imprison- ments through his instrumentality. One afternoon, about three ',' days before the ball, I was looking out of the window. My desk was just at the junction of the office in which letters were received, orders issued, and transactions with the public gener- ally conducted, with the inner room in which the sorting was done, and the internal affairs of the office were arranged. These two rooms formed two sides of the small court or vesti- bule, which was open to the public ; and the window where I sat was just in the angle, lighting the inner office, so that, by looking over the ground glass with which the window was glazed half-way up, I could see in profile all applicants at the outer office. The other clerks were at tea-a meal I did not care for ; and I had just, as an occupation, cleared the box and sorted the letters, and then returned to my desk. As I mounted the stool, I saw one of Mr. Darke's servants post a letter. He was only a stable-help, and had but lately entered Mr. Darke's service ; yet I knew him, for it was a silly fancy of mine to watch all Mary's surroundings with minute care, "' and picture to myself where I should have made alterations and. : improvements, supposing I had been rich enough to make her mine. I noticed that the fellow peered round, as if anxious t® seë if he were observed. Not noticing my face at the window, Owing to the deepening twilight, he seemed re-assured, and slipped a letter into the box. There was something so odd about this that I at once went to the box and took it out : perhaps I hah! expected it was' from Mary. It was in a wretched scrawl, probably the fellow's own, and was addressed " J. M., Post , office, Cowford (To be called for). " I hurried to a window which gave a view of the street, and just caught sight of the man climbing into a cart which was standing outside the poulterer's a few doors off. I knew it to be the game- keeper's cart, in which game was brought into -the town for sale. As I watched, I saw the keeper come out of the shop, mount the cart, and drive off. The help had evidently taken advantage of his absence to steal off and post his missive. I don't know why I took any further notice of the letter. Having ascertained it was his, I ought to have dismissed all thought of it. But somehow I did not. I watched anxiously to see who would claim it. The claimant appeared next day : a couple of rough-looking fellows- railway labourers to all appearance-came in, and one of them asked for a letter for " J. M." Having obtained it, they drew aside into a corner, and opened it ; and the corner happened to be the one where my window was. With the utmost precaution against making any noise to alarm them, I raised the sash about an inch, and listened. The first words I caught were, "will go to the ball, and he won't return till latish." "That's the time for me ! That's the time, as he's comin' back agin, " remarked the listener in a hoarse whisper. " There'll be none with him but young miss, for there's none stopping here. Willis "-(that was the coachman's name, I knew)-" will drive the chesnuts. This is all I know ; I shall post it when I'm in town with keeper, and shan't be in again till next week." " That'll do," said the man, when he had finished reading ; "we'll finish off th' ball for'n wi' a dance he won't loike !" " Yes, durn un !" said the other ; and with that the two moved off. This discovery of mine settled a doubt that had been perplexing me. I had been undecided whether to go to the ball or not. The expense, ana a îeelmg tüat 1 could not nope to do more than see Mary, without speaking to her, had deterred me. Now I felt I might go and warn her father of his danger ; and by so doing, perhaps, not only do a service to the woman I loved, but perhaps be rewarded by exchanging a few words with her ; by hearing her thanks ; by-but I dared not dream of such happiness as dancing with her. Bo I purchased a ticket ; and when the momentous time arrived, went to the ball with a beating heart, and a terrible sensation of choking in my throat. I took my station near the entrance until Mr. Darke arrived. Before long his carriage drove up, and he and Mary alighted. As he turned to tell the coachman at what hour to fetch him, I saw a man push forward through the crowd, as if to hear what time he named, and then disappear. It was the man who had claimed the letter addressed "J. M." It was not without some nervousness that I asked Mr. Darke to step into one of the windows, and give me a few minutes' conversation. He looked a little sur- prised, but stiffly consented. Having made him acquainted with what I had seen and heard, he at first proposed to take a couple of policemen in his carriage, and try to capture the ruffians ; but I pointed out that he would alarm his daughter-perhaps expose her to danger, sup- posing the poachers had fire-arms. "Quite right. Thank you. I had forgotten that, and more-that if she once fancies I am in danger, she will be frightened to death whenever I am away from home. What do you propose?" .' Can you return home by any ocher route ?" .'Yes, by two others, involving a circuit of a couple of miles or so." "Then go by one of those. Miss Darke will be too tired to observe it ; besides, it will not be light enough." " But I should like to catch the scoundrels." "lean identify them both, and will go to the railway and make inquiries, and look about me to- morrow. You can have them taken into custody ; and probably after a day or two in the lock-up they will make a clean breast of it, and give up the names of the others." "Yes, perhaps, best so," said Mr. Darke, after some minutes' reflection. "But how can I thank you for this ?" I declined any special thanks, alleging II was only doing my duty ; but the squire was very warm and pressing in his gratitude-inquired what I was, where I came from, and how I was ^employed. On learning that I had no friends or relatives in the town, he insisted on my coming to dine with him on Christmas day. " And I hope we shall be able to drink confusion to these rascals, " he said in conclusion. Though I did not get home till between two and three, I was at the office again by six to receive the mails from the district. I was tired ; but I determined that no one - especially Chaundy - should be able to accuse me of neglecting work. One of the earliest carts to arrive was that of the Fentleby district. The driver came in looking like a ghost, and stam- mered out that an attempt had been made to rot him, and that he had been fired at. Chaundy not being in the office, I examined the man, and took down his answers in writing. On inquiry, I found that his route had brought him pasl Grasslands, Mr. Darke's house, and that he hat been fired at between there and Cowford, at Í very ugly part of the road, where it ran beskh a canal, on an embankment. I took a pail of large horse-pistols, which were kept in th< chief's room as a sort of demonstration of ou: defensive force, loaded them, borrowed, a grea; coat of one of the men, and drove off to th scene of the adventure. The poachers had waite« and waited for Mr. Darke's return, in ignoranc of his having taken another road. When reached the exact spot, I dismounted, and care fully examined the ground. No vehicle ha passed since the previous night, except th mail-cart, the tracks of whose wheels wei freshly marked. As I followed them with m eye, I noticed a little spot of ground slight! blackened, and caught a glance of white metal. I hastened to the place, and found a strange looking object, made apparently with two pieces of tin or zinc, which bore the traces of a recent explosion. This, then, was some clue to the mystery. I walked along the road, scrutinising it carefully, and about twenty yards farther found another of these "infernal machines," not exploded. I looked across the fields, and saw a small lad keeping birds." He was the only one astir, so I hailed him and asked him if he had found anything like what I held in my hand; and he at once produced one from his pocket, saying he found it in the road. I gave him sixpence, which was of more value to him. Then I mounted the cart again and drove on towards Grasslands, but did not see anything more. In order to test whether the things I had found would sound like a pistol, I selected a safe and quiet bit of the road, laid one down, and drove over it. It exploded with a flash and sound very like a pistol. I saw whence the flash came ; but the dozing driver was hardly likely %o observe so much as that. As I was driving on, I was surprised by the sudden appearance of Mr. Darke's keeper. "Hold hard!" he cried, stopping the horse; " was that you shooting ? That's the second this morning. What have you got in the trap ? " I did not choose to explain matters to him ; and he clearly suspected me of poaching, and vowed he'd take me before his master. To this I had no objection ; so he jumped into the cart, and we turned round. To make a long story short, Mr. Darke was roused, and came down, to find me virtually in custody. A few words explained how it was. The keeper was sent, away-not without praise, though, for his vigi- lance-and then I related my discovery to Mr. Darke. He at once recognised in my " infernal machines " the fog-signals in use on railways. It was determined that the mail-cart-which was an unusual conveyance, and might attract needless attention-should be put up at Grass- lands, and that I should go on to the nearest railroad in Mr. Darke's dog-cart. On reaching the station,' I found from the station-master that there was a most unpardonable carelessness about the fog-signals ; they were not served out to particular men, but kept in a box accessible to anyone about the station. The plate-layers, he told me, were the men who used them oftenest ; and I found that a party of them were laying fresh rails about a mile off. I drove to the nearest point to the place he named, and made my way across the country to the gang on the line. I recognised my two friends of the post-office among them ; and a mode of procedure at once suggested itself to me. It was not strictly legal, perhaps, but it answered my purpose. I went to the, ganger, or foreman, and told him I wanted two of his men on a charge of murder. He did not seem inclined to assist me, and told me I must help myself. Luckily I had the pistols with me. I went up to the two men, told them I was a police-officer, and that I had come to take them up on a charge of murdering Mr. Darke. They seemed a little taken aback, but denied the charge stoutly. "You laid fog-signals on the road last night to frighten his horses, and they upset him into the canal, and he's drowned," said I; "so it's murder, my lads. Come along ! " There seemed some inclination to resist the capture, so I took out the pistols. "Look here," said I ; "if I can't take the two I want, lads, I shall sb^pot the fir3t two that come to hand ; and they'll be the first that interfere. You'd best keep quiet, all of you ; for there's a warrant out against you aU for poaching"-I saw most of them look uncom- fortable at this-" and if I give you a bad word it will go hard with you. " This had its effect, coupled with the appearance of the pistols ; and I got my men off and marched them in front of me to the road, where I made them get into the dog-cart. I sent the porter on from the lodge, where I made an excuse for a minute or so's delay ; and by the time we reached the hall, in accordance with the instructions I had given him, all the blinds were drawn down, and Mr. Darke kept out of sight. The clergyman, who was a magistrate, was sent for ; and we ex- amined the prisoners, who broke down com- pletely and confessed all, giving up their accomplices. The stable- help turned out to be the son of one of them. When we had terrified them sufficiently, we called in the real con- stables, who had been sent for, and they were given into their custody-Mr. Darke walking in presently, much to their alarm-surprise--but ultimate satisfaction. On my return to the office, I found Chaundy had sent off a graphic report to head-quarters, full of blunders, exag- gerations, and misstatements-being founded, in fact, solely on what the driver had said. I therefore did not utter a syllable about my doings, but quietly sent off a report of my own, enclosing a document which I had got Mr. Darke to draw up, as magistrate, to confirm my account. The authorities placed themselves in communication with Mr. Darke ; and the result was that in a week the appointment of a new postmaster to Cowford was made ; and the new postmaster was not Chaundy ; it was I ! I went over to thank Mr. Darke for his part in the matter. He was out ; so I thanked Mary. She congratulated me on my promotion, and said she supposed I should marry now. I said no. She inquired why. I at once ex Îdained, and made a confession of my audacious ove. She-well, she gave me a good reason why I should marry, and furthermore told me whom I was to marry-Miss Mary Darke to wit, and no other. Mr. Darke came in soon after, and I told him all. He was furious ai first ; but Mary remonstrated with him for his ingratitude, and pointed out that she should be twenty-one in three months, when she should assert her right to become postmistress of Cow. ford. The squire relented, and we triumphed. We were married soon after Christmas-day, aoc have lived as happily as the prince and princess of a fairy-tale ever since. That's how I wor Polly-I always call her Polly now, because oui eldest girl is called Mary; and she is three years old, and therefore must he treated with respect ; and it wouldn't do to have two Marys in the house. That, I repeat, is how I won Polly and the postmastership-which latter I didn't keep ; for the squire makes us a hand- some allowance, and I am reading for the bar. I got my father-in-law to use his influence for Chaundy, who ultimately was appointed post- master, with a hint not to be too clever in future. -By Tom Hood, in the Belgravia Magazine. 