A NICE LOT. Some time ago public attention wis called to a disgraceful B-ene which occurred near Gibraltar, arising from the unexpected return from Ne v Zia- I land of an injured husband, Mr W — , to his faithless wife, wh ) had been consoled in his absetfee by a gay Lothario, named A. Our readers may remember that the infuriate husband pursued the destroyer of his household happiness (who was almost in a etafe I of nudity at the time) across sludge d ims and witer [ pools, until he eff^cte i his escape under cover of the darkness of the ni^ht. Thn hnshnnrl than re turned, and, after threshing his wife for her infi delity, Bgiin left his home. It. now appears that, after W — 's second departure, A— soon found his way back to the habitation of the wife, and took up his abode with her as before. Thus the pair lived together in apparent security till Sunday list, when like the ghost in Don /uan, to mar their happiness, tbe husband again made his appearance, accom panied by a horse and dray, for the purpose of taking the wife of his bosom and his household goda away from the sphere of A — ' attractions. The second act of the domestic drama then com menced by W — administering to his wife a Bound connubial 'lambasting,' while tha cause of the mischief, A—, sat on a heap of tailings a short dis tance off, and gave vent to his excite I feeling i in 0 flood of briny tears. At length thinking that the shastisemeut had gone far enough he delicately in terfered by poking in at the door a pile some ten feet in length, following up the attack with a shower of stones. The weeping Helen wis then permitted to step outside in rather a state of dishabille, and while she dressed A— went iu and ' bearded the lion in his den.' A oombat ensued of the most determined description, both combatants being covered with wounds and blood. After a while» however, an adjournment was made by all the parties to a neighbouring store, where some slight tefreshments were partaken of, and the disconsolate lady asked the advice of the bystanders as to what her course of conduct should be. 'How happy could I be with eil her, were t'other dear oharmer away,' was the burden of her lament, and it was evident that of the two, the illegal loid was most to her liking j but legitimacy conquered, and the j agreed to accompany her husband to othe.' Adds and pastures new. A most affijc^in^ tibljau took place when the farewell b-'gun between those who had 'loved nit wiaisly buf; too well,' and kne ling down, like Norm«, A—, in tones tremulou* with emotion, commended the ( lis) child to the care of its fond mother. Part of the house was then pulled down, t'te char.ot was mounted ''y the reu dte 1 pai', and A — was left lamenting.— Majorca Lf dependent. 