CHIPS BY A SANDALWOOD CUTTER. OUR ROADSIDE TRAVELLIN! I ain't as young as'I was, and I fndE I can't trimp it as I could used to. I've seen the time when I could do my 40 miles a day with 'swag.' pretty easy; but I'm getti.n' the worse for wear and tear, and if I've a long journey to make now, I'm obliged ito get a lift on a dray, which is very slow travellin'. I ain't been able to afford to ride, in the mail carts that run on our roads, the price is too high for the depth of my pocket; but havin' to go to Perth the other day to see the Judge-I was summoned as a witness in a criminal case-and bein' obliged to get on quick, and havin' my expenses paid, I hired a passage in the Royal Mail Cart. It was about 3 o'clock in the afternoon when I got into a conveyance that look'd very much to my mind like a knacker's cart, as I've seen in London, only a good deal heavier and harder in the springs, and not quite as clean. "Come jump up old splauger;" says coachee, as I stood with one foot on the step a gazin' at the dirty loolkin' turn out, "jump up and drop your trotters in, there," pointing to a crack between some boxes and bags, about big enough for a middlin' sized eel to wriggle itself into. "I aint been used to havin' my feet in the stocks," I says, "I don't think it would be pleasant, and I shan't try." "You needn't get crabby old man," says he, "I was only tellin' you for your own good-If you' don't get your feet jam'd in there, most likely you'll get chucked out over the side, for we've some queer road to travel." Just at this moment another passenger comes up; a gent from one of the other colonies, and used to better ways than ours, at least I think so. "Havn't you a cover, coachman ?" he says. " Oh, bless you, yes." "I wish you'd put it up." "So it is up; its always up." " Where ?" "There, Sir, don't you see it' "-poin tin' to the sky-C01ic' says he to his hor ses, and expectin' to get a taste of. the whip, they started off quite sudden, sen din' me back bump agin the stranger, and elevatin' my legs to about.The satme start as a barber's pole-" Wh, wh, what th, the de-" I cast my eye over my shoulder to see what was the matter, and there was pas senger just taking a dive off the tailboard of the cart. "Hold hard," says I, "he's pitched out." "Good job- serves him right," says coachee, " It'll teach him to be more cau tious in future, to mind his safety more than his comfort. They want's letting down abit some of them fellers, they're a great deal too uppish." He pulled up, and I nearly larfed right out as I sees the poor feller come limpin' along, the knees of his trowsers split, the skin off the palms of his hands, and the front of his hat knocked in; he look'd as savage as a cat jam'd fast by the tail. "Cussed country. Shall be---glad when I'm out of it," says he "I'll trouble you to be a hlttle more careful coachman." "I'll trouble you to mind your own business," replies coachee, layin' into the prods right and left with his whip. Thump-bump-bump-thump we goes, and there was an end of talking for some miles. I could hear somewhere behind me, sounds of "I-I-I say-cu-cu-uss," but I cbouldn't make out what it meant then, though I afterwards learnt it was the fellow behind tryin' to ask the driver to go easier. At last he pulled up his horses, just as I was going to give up the ghost; for every bit of breath was thumped out of my body. "Bad cess to yau,?'I says, "this is one of them infernal things as the horrid pa pists used to have in the Inkesition for makin' people die religious ;" and I began to feel quite serious and tried to say the catechism, for I thought I must have died. It was just beginning to get dark, and the chap that was behind sasys, "How long arry' on gettin' ~o Gaildford ?" "We'll be there tomorrow morning, if we don't get capsized," says driver. "Capsized! is there any danger? where are your lamps ?" "There is, a great deal of danger, and my lamps are in the sky. All you got to do, is to hold hard and fast and don't go to sleep," and off he goes again, bump thump-thump- bump. All I went through that blessed night, I couldn't tell you. I was pounded to a jelly, and couldn't sit down for a week. I was sorer than when I had the rheuma tiz. I've heard say you might as well be killed outright as frightened to death, and if that's true I suffered death a good many times that night. Sometimes I thought I was gettin' the ague, I felt such a chill as we shoved by a tree, or went full tear down a hill. The poor fel ler behind was scared out of his seven senses, he never spoke a word the whole night, but hung to the sides of the cart like a squirrel to a bough. Ever when the cart stopped to let the horses feed, he still hung on, afeared to move and no wonder; for to frighten him more, coachee told us that he was once bringin' a young woman up, and she wouldn't he persuaded to hold on to him or the cart, and on the wheel goin' inito. a rather deeper hole than most on 'em, she was pitched clean upright over his head. He listened to hear her fall and in about two minutes he hears her come smash into the gum tree, rattlin, through'em like a shot 'possum.' You can guess how high she went, says he, and the force she fell, for I had to get some hands the next day and fall the tree, when it took my two horses to pull her out, she was jam'd so tight between two forked branches. At last we got to Guildford, and chang ed conveyances. We got into a yaller waggon with a canvas top and quite easy--A. DeLeech on the side. Goin' down, the stranger, who had been travel lin' with me says :-As soon as I gets into Perth, if I aint too ill from the effects of the journey, I shall'advertise a meeting and request the attendance of all parties interested in having a Mail coach on that road we came down, and see if some of the Coaching companies in the other colonies, can't be induced to put one of their coaches on it. "Very likely," says I "but don't you think old ~feller, if such a thing was wanted, and was likely to pay that some of us wouldn't do it ?" "Why," says the stranger, "you're such a helpless lot in this colony; you can't do nothing by yourselves-you mnst have help--you aint learnt the virtue of self-reliance, you want to study Self Help. I felt that there was a good deal of truth in what he said and didn't answer. "' I'm sure a coach would be sup ported," he went on "and I've got some figures as I shall put before the meetin' as I thinks will shew any company that, a coach would pay a company in Mel bourne, but wouldn't pay anybody here. "I can't make that out," I says, " if it would pay anyone to put a coach on, it would surely pay; better some one in this colony to do it better than anybody out of it. Besides it wouldn't look very wise for to ask strangers to come here and do work that we can do ourselves, and let the money to go out of the colony." "That's of no consideration with the people here," says he; "else why. don't they have an Act to allow Distillation, and the merchants to sell their goods as to prevent people coming from the other colonies and getting large orders, which must and will do a great deal of harm." Well I hardly knew what to reply, for there was no denyin' what he said,. so I just says, "yes but that is very different to askin' 'em to put a coach on one of our roads,",'not at all," he says, "You've just done a sillier thing than that, you've begged some one to come and rob you of your little bit of coastin' trade. It aint worth much but you'd find the loss of it, if its earnings were carried out of the colony in gold, but as Ijust said, that you don't mind, all you want is the work done." "I don't believe anything of the kind" I says," do you think we are all fools ?" "A good many of you are," says he, 'but I'll read you an account of the meetin;" and he did. Well I was so wild I jumps off the yaller coach, runs to DeLeech's and says " Contract for all the Mails sir, and put yaller four-wheelers on all the roads, or I'm blessed if some of our wiseheads wont be getting some one in Melbourne to take the contract and put on coaches, for the benefit of the country, as they're goin' to do with a steamer. I forgot the bumps and thumps and I'd rather bear 'em a little longer, than see strangers carry away our money. 