EVENTS OF THE MONTH— Continued. The comitiy has completely changed its aspect underthe influence of the recent hot weather, the grass havinglosfc all its'verdure and assumed its livery of summer. Grass is abundant around the township, and the goats belonging to it will probably fare much better during the coming f summer than they did in the preceding one. On the 15th inst., as a man named Jenkins was working in one of the shafts at the Moonta Mine, he accidentally fell a depth of four and a half fathoms, receiving a scalp wound with con cussion of the brain, besides some severe injuries to the left shoulder and hip. The unfortunate man is attended by Dr Watson, under whose skilful treatment he is progressing favourably, although he cannot yet be considered out of danger. Jenkins is a married man. (The approaching holidays will witness numerous and varied amusements in the three respective townships of the Peninsula. At Kadina Cousin Jack will have wrestling matches to his hearts content, besides horse-racing and other sports For the Moonta people there is advertised " Great sports for one and all," including horse racing ; whilst at Wallaroo there will take place the annual regatta, so that there will apparently be amusement for all tastes and all classes. Two big sharks were seen in shallow water near the magazine a day or two since. Last year it will be remembered sharks occasionally visited the bathing-place near the jetty, but it is -thought they will give this locality a wide berth in future, particularly the bottle-nosed variety, whose olfactory organs it is said are of finer susceptibility than those of the other species. Bush fires have commenced their ravages in this neighbourhood. A large extent of country was on fire on Wednesday, near Ninnes Plains, and on the same day dense volumes of smoke were seen rising not far from Tickara. Grass is eo abundant on the Peninsula, and is now getting so dry, that it is feared squatters and farmers will suffer severely during the comin^ summer from bush fires. We regret to state that Mr David Brown, of Kadina, recently suffered a serious loss while on a visit to Mount Barker. It appears that he was staying at a friend's house, and on Friday morn ing last, the stable and shed wherein his horse, waggonette, harness, and luggage were deposited was burnt to the ground, and all its contents destroyed. Mr Brown and his family had -to return home by the mail lighter and sadder than when they left Wallaroo. There has been a scarcity of fish during the past week or two ; scarcely any are to be'found within twenty miles of the coast. It is no uncommon thing for fishermen to be out all night fishing and have to return in the morning with barely enough fish for a breakfast. Crabs, too, are remarkably scarce. Formerly at this time they used to be plentiful, but during the present season very few have been met with. Bather a. neat joke was played a few days ago upon a well-known Boniface in this town ship. One evening, soon after the mail truck arrived, a gentleman, having the appearance of an aristocratic traveller just arrived overland, carrying ■a portmanteau, and sporting withal a pair of luxuriant Dundreary whiskers, entered the hotel. He ordered tea, desired to be shown into a private room, and asked if he could be accommodated for the night. Of course he could, and the landlord having politely liglited him to a room, bustled below, and ordered a sumptuous repast for the stranger. Tea being ready, a servant was dispatched to call him down. She knocked at his door but received no answer;—rap, rapnedagain, —still no response. She told the landlord of it. Surprised at the news he resolved to go to the room himself. On his way upstairs apprehen 1 sions of a startling kind rose in his mind. What if the stranger should have committed suicide ? Suppose he had cut his throat! Heavens!—and the mess—the sheets, the carpets, the inquest! Confound the fellow, why did he come here? Three or four knocks were given; no reply being made the landlord, resolving to know the worst, opened the door, looked about, but saw—nobody. He peeped under the bed—the stranger wasn't there; the portmanteau was nowhere visible, and in short the stranger had bolted—that was pretty clear. Then the natural conclusion was that he was a thief. Two policemen were called in, and the room was closely examined, but there was nothing missing, /uid other rooms were examined with a like result. At length the host came to the con clusion very reluctantly that he had been hoaxed. However he resolved to keep it dark. He liked to hoax others himself, and he didn't mind being hoaxed—that is, on the quiet; but he disliked such a thing being blown upon to his own dis comfiture and the amusement of the public. It need scarcely be said that the affair was a hoax, the party disguised as a traveller being a young gentleman ordinarily well known to mine host. On the following morning the joker called upon the landlord and bantered him upon the trick that had been played upon him on the previous evening. The latter, never dreaming that the real Simon Pure stood before him, replied "with a cucumber coolness, that there had been no trick played upon him; that the traveller who had called was shortly afterwards called away by a friend, but that he had returned that morning and paid for his tea and bed. This was " capping the climax," and the traveller of the previous evening, unable longer to contain himself, roared with laughter—and so, too, did the landlord when he learned the truth of the matter. A rather serious accident happened to Captain Duncan on Thursday. He was returning with his family from the neighbourhood of Water vale, in an American wagonette, and just as he was nearing Wallaroo he stood up in the vehicle to look around, and the wheels went over a stump. Before Captain Duncan could recover himself a second jolt threw him out of the vehicle, and both wheels passed over his chest, breaking one of his ribs. He managed to drive home, and Dr. Sholl being immediately sent for attended to his injuries. Caftain J)uncan although suffering a good deal is not dangerously hurl. It is singular that on the up-journey, about six weeks ago, the whole party, Mrs Dun can, the children and servant, and Captain Dun can were all capsized near Whitwarta, but none of them were hurt. There has lately been considerable mortality among the fowls in Wallaroo. Some virulent disease has attacked numbers of them with fatal results. We hear of scores dying daily; when once attacked they rarely recover. Nothing in the shape of physic has yet been found to be of any benefit to them. -One symptoms of the disease appear to be a paralysis of the legs, for after being attacked the fowls are unable to stand —they fell down, and in the course of an hour or two give up the ghost. If this epidemic continues, people will have to go upon short commons in respect of poultry at Christmas. A valedictory tea and public meeting, to take farewell of the Rev. H. J. Lambert, was held in the Baptist Chapel, Moonta, on Sunday evening last. There was a good attendance, and the pro ceedings throughout were of a very interesting character. The chair was occupied by Mr L. L. Fuller, who in opening the meeting referred to the deep regret that was felt by the church and | congregation in parting with their pastor, and expressed the hope that Jhe might be made eminently useful in the new sphere to which he had been called. Mr Lambert addressed the meeting, and referred at some length to fche reasons that had induced him to take this step, and although he much regretted parting with the many friends he had in Moenta, he felt that the finger of duty beckoned him away. Very eloquent addresses were delivered by the Revs. Wylie, Trewin, Wilson, Michie, and Wellington, who all gave their testimony to the high esteem in which Mr Lambert was held, in such a manner as must have been highly gratifying to him and also to the church with which he is connected. At the meeting of the Chamber of Commerce on the 19th instant, Mr Tomkinson initiated a a discussion on the land question. He said he believed the colony had prospered, under the present system, and that any proposed alteration called for grave examination at the hands of the inhabitants, particularly as a gentleman—Mr Kay—who had long been in the Legislature, and had held office in the State, was the chifef agitator for a change. Up to the present time j •the money obtained from ihe sale of land had been their chief dependence for carrying on the government, and it would cause no slight em-1 barrassment to the Treasurer, if, instead of getting £1 or £2 an acre, he should get only 5s. Besides the payment of 5s cash, and the remain ing 15s at an indefinite period, would greatly interfere with the value of mortgages. Mr Hay said the Treasurer did not receive £2 per acre for land—the average was not more than £1 3s. By the adoption of the plan he (Mr Hay) had proposed the Treasurer would get quite as much as he got now. In reference to the depreciation of securities he had consulted with some of the largest money-lenders in Adelaide, and their opinion was that the land system should be altered at once in order that the colony might attract population. The circumstance of farmers leaving the colony would do more to lower the value of money than any reasonable alteration in the land system. Mr Goode also argued in favor of an alteration in the present land system, and stated that a large population which had been brought to the colony had gone to Victoria and New South Wales. As to the funds for carrying j on the Government, he said the Government was not carried on by means of the Land Fund, one third of which went to immigration and two thirds to public works. It will be remembered that Mr England was [ called upon to resign his office because it was considered as proved that he had certified to the excavation at the Reservoir of a greater quantity of earth than had been taken out, the proof being arrived at by measuring the displaced earth which now forms the embankment at the Reser voir. Mr England now says that he is prepared to show that earth after removal occupies a smaller Bpace than it occupied in its original position, and that making allowance for this shrinkage his certificates of the quantity removed from the reservoir were correct, and that conse quently the calculations based upon the measure ment of the embankment were erroneous. The Hon. J". H. Bagot has been successful in pro curing the appointment of a Select Committee for the purpose of affording to Mr England an opportunity of substantiating his statements as to the shrinkage of earth; and if, as the Hon. J. H. Barrow observed, it "can be proved that . there is a shrinkage equal to 10 per cent., as Mr England alleges, he is certainly to be regarded as an unfortunate man, because the 10 per cent. I added to the calculations would nearly cover the deficiency. | The Prince has left South Australia, after | having spent three weeks here very pleasantly, ' we should think. He seemed from the first to have been favorably impressed with the colony,— at least after getting over the apparent slight of not being boarded by even a pilot until he came to an anchor, and then being welcomed to the colony by five drapers' assistants. South Aus tralia labored under great disadvantages, as being the first of the Australian colonies to receive the Duke of Edinburgh, and at the same time, the poorest. We shall no doubt find our big i cousins in Melbourne doing all in their power to throw into the shade everything that has been done here, but we have not much fear for the ! result. Setting aside some few trifling contretemps, our little colony has nothing to be ashamed of, and we have sufficient faith in His Royal High ness's discernment,—for he gave proof of his shrewdness on sereral occasions,—to believe that even should he draw comparisons between us and our rich neighbours,—between the " farinaceous village" and the " Metropolis of the Southern Hemisphere/' he will make such allowances as that we shall not suffer seriously by the com parison. The Exhibition on jtlie Park Lands was a good idea, and well earned out, and would II ■ ■ — give His Royal Highness a better insight than any other means, into our resources and our industries. It may be thought that a young man in the position of the Duke of Edinburgh, accustomed to see displays of the wealth and pro ductions of the richest and most civilised countries of the world, would look with little1 interest on anything these colonies could show ; but we believe such is not the case. We believe His Royal Highness's mind has been well trained, so as to lead him to regard everything brought j under his notice according to its intrinsic worth; but we also believe that his visit to the colonies has been planned with the view of conveying to those in the highest stations in England a more intimate knowledge of Australia. The Duke will no doubt be expected to furnish a report on his return home, of what he saw in the places he visited, and although his time must be every where much taken up by the ceremonies and festivities inseparable from the entertainme :t of a Prince of the Royal Family of England, yet there are probably those with His Royal Highness whose business it is to assist him in taking notes of whatever is noteworthy. The aid he will j receive from the colonial Press will also be con siderable, for his every movement has been advertised and registered, observed and chronicled, and no doubt complete files of all the papers have been supplied His Royal Highness. We regret the Prince was unable to visit our district; we look upon his not having seen our mine3 as one of the most serious omissions from I the royal programme. He will doubtless see extensive mining operations in the gold diggings I of Victoria, but we wish he had seen the wonder ! of the world in copper mines,—the Moonta. Even the gold diggings of Victoria will scarcely convey to the Prince a greater idea of rapid pro gress than this district exhibits. His Royal Highness was not able to see some of the prettiest scenery and finest land in the colony, so that his impressions of the country cannot be quite so good as they might have been. However, we have no doubt good will result from his visit. It will be the means probably of drawing more attention to these colonies from quarters whence it may be useful to us. Information respecting Australia will be more widely disseminated in England, and by this means also we shall benefit. We would not conclude without saying that whether the Duke of Edinburgh has derived from the colony favorable impressions or otherwise, the impression he has produced on the minds of all is highly satisfactory. Quite apart from H.R H-'s exalted position, his affability and amiable disposition, and his evident detestation of anything like humbug or snobbishness, have won for him golden opinions, and endeared him to many in South Australia. In the homely expression of the gentlemen at Kapunda, when drinking ILR.H.'s health, he is " a jolly good fellow." 