TnE honour of commencing the battle of the elections pertains to Ipswich; the first en gagement takes place to-morrow, and on the evening of the day following we shall know how the citizens have acquitted themselyes. Mr. 1 Eno is the only one of the candidates who has met the elcltoreJn.publiemeeting, aiiallvrho heard him on Saturday evening, whether friends or foes, will agree that he extinguished on that occasion the small chance he might proviounely have had .of being re turned. Hie will no doubt poll a considerable number of votes, because as many as can be induced to do violence to their own convic tions in obedience to Ministerial authority will give him their support; but that he will succeed in polling a suflficient number of votes to replace him in his positieonas mis representative of this town, whose most vital requirements he sneeringly ignores, is hardly possible. Mr. REED's own friends do not deny that he is a place-hunter and nothing more: the past parliamentary career of three at least of the other candidates shows that they do not belong to this low class of politicians. Of course we do not refer to Mr. MAoALISTER, because the first thing he did after getting into the House was to take a billet, and he only resigned his seat through having failed in his efforts at that time to obtain a better one. Neither do we refer to Mr. M?varrPn who has never yet had an opportunity of proving himself as a member of Parliament, but whose public career in this town for many years is a seflfiient guarantee of his disinterestedness. Mr. REED is the only can didate who insults the electors by asking them to stoop in order that he may mount upon their backs, and we trust they will show plainly their appreciation of such insolence. Let none who are able to vote refrain from doing so. The resurrection men are indefa tigable in their exertions-night after night footing it featly and stealthily in every grave yard. If one deceased elector is permitted to remain undisturbed in his cofin to-morrow if they are not all dragged forth to plump for REED and MAc?ALIsTEn-r-it will not be on account of any compunctious visitings of con science among those who ply this disreputable calling, but only because detection and its penal consequences are feared. Let the living therefore show that they are alive, and not suffer themselves to be "pushed from their stools" by the manufactured ghosts of dead men. If what most people say must necessarily be true, then the Colonial Secretary to-mor row will head the poll. There can be no doubt that, in spite of the ballot, a man holding the position of principal minister must be able to bring immense influence to bear on an election;.yet, for all this, we shall be disappointed if the popular prediction proves true-if mere trickery and pretence succeed in carrying the day so triumphantly over principle and straightforwardness. For what has Mr. M.ACAlsTER done for Ipswich since he became drunk with power ? what has he done for the colony? Why, Ipswich has been by him bamboozled and snubbed, and the colony has been brought to the very verge of ruin by his reckless ex travagance and the corrupt means he has adopted for maintaining himself in power. It has been speciously argued that all the blame attaching to the Premier must be shared equally by his colleagues-that the whole Parliament are no ]eqe culpable than the latter-and that the public who elect the Parliament are just as bad. But what sim pleton can be deceived by such transparent reasoning as this-or rather such logic-chop ping ? for argument it is not, although it came from the lips of the Attorney-General of Queensland. A homely proverb afirms the absurdity ofa regular customer to the dogs'-meat man doing watcher's duty in his own yard. If it is as much the duty of every citizen as of the first Minister to conduct the affairs ofthe Govertn. ment, we would ask then what does the first Minister receive a handsome salary for? We admit this, however-that if the electors of Ipswich again send Mr. MacALIsTER into Parliament, they-or, at least, the majority that vote for him- will merit Mr. LILLEY's reproach; they will thus assume the respon sibility of all his past conduct, and can never blame himt for it afterwards: this deserves their serious consideration. But to say that a constituency in electing a member becomes responsible for all that he may do afterwards is preposterous. Once the election is over, the electors are powerless either for good or evil. Besides, what can the public know of the inner working of the machinery of the GovernmentP and, not knowing, how cau they depend on forming a correct judgment respecting oflicial transactions? Take, for instance, the principal question now affecting the colony-the public debt. Why, even members of the Legislature do not know how the money has been expended--although TIUET ought to know: how then can the people be said to be responsible for that ex penditure? They trusted their representa tives and they were deceived. If, after their past experience, they trust them again, theu either the colony is not yet suficiently ad vanced for responsible Government, or else individual electors are as mnuch to blame as the Premier for past mismanagement. Mir. MAcALIrSTEn's scurvy treatment of the town of Ipswich of late years is too notorious to need special reference; his demeanour towards the citizens-- shlunning contact with all of them except the few who toady to him in secret, and from whose false and interested reports ke draws his conclusions-this indi cates clearly enoughl his own inner conscious ness that he has deceived and that heo intoeds stillfurther to deceive us. Of his conduct generally as Minister for Lands and Works and as Colonial Secretary we nieed not say much, as we have dealt witb it on various occasions already, and a general indictment now would occupy too much time and space. This, hlowever, we may observe and it furnishes a clue to much that would else be inexplicable: the policy he enunciates is always dictated by the eircumstances of the hour. Of guiding plinciples he has but one -carefulness of self; that is to say, his principle is to act witlhout principle, and to be guided entirely by expediency. Thus, although he know the great necessity that ezasted for clearing our river, for instance, and blew, how just the claim of Ipseich was to havethe work executed-being aware also at lhe same time that the Government were pledged to see it done, no matter whether "in moments of after-dinner aberration of intellect" or otherwise-in spite of all this, he temporised and trifled and humbugged about the matter, and finally sold us com pletel--and why ? Becayse he saw Brisbane nd Northern jealousy rising against us, and was afraid to act the part of an honest man and keep his word; because the three P's place, power, and pay-are all his aim, and he thought he could best secure these by throw ing Ipswich overboard. If, after all the experience the electors of this borough have had of Mr. MA.casIsTERa'S treatment, and-all they have seen of his career, the result of to morrow's polling should be to place him at the top of the poall, we shall be driven to change materially the opinions we have always enter taind of Ipswicli eitizens. But we cannot be lievethat any such disgrace awaits us. Of the other three candidates we may say that Dr. CIOkLLINOn's return is quite certain, and that we are happy in having a man like him ready to serve us. Mr. M'balnPn's elec tion may also, we think, be regarded as sure, and there is not much danger of the interests of the town suffering in his hands, while his well-known popular tendencies will, if he is not too severe on the pastoral people, make him a generally useful member. It is a pity that Mr. FOnBEs and MIr. O'8ULLIv-aS did not offer their services to some other constituencies where candidates are not so plentiful as they are here. Possibly, however, they are keeping West Moreton and other more remote districts in reserve: this is hardly fair to the original candidates. During the time that Mr. O'SuLLrvs sat in the House, he did a great deal of good. He was always at his post-always "got up" carefully every subject announced for dis cussion-was, in fact, indefatigable. And he was anything but a mere plodding drudge, for his ideas on most subjects were original and shrewd, and he was generally the first man in the House to detect a sophism. MIr. FoaEs also is a useful man, and his experi enee, and stake in the country,area saufficient guarantee that he is a safe one. We should ave liked, however, to have some reason ad duced for his leaving his Warrego attach ment to come back to his firstlove. 