THE MONTH'S NEWS. The tangled web of telegraphic news which has managed to reach us this month by way of Bombay and Galle suggests a great deal more tnan it probably means. However, looking at the whole of the tele' grams down to April 18, it is pretty clear that the Derby Ministry have not resigned, and that war on the Continent lias not broken out. We find the origin of these rumours in the Indian papers, where the ' resignation of the Derby Ministry' seems to be a standing item of news; for how is it possible, they ask, that a Tory Government and a liberal Reform Bill can be kept going at one and the same time? This is the wonder that puzzles our Indian contemporaries, and therefore at the slightest un toward sign they announce the resignation of the Ministry, who, after all, seem to be blessed with nine lives ; for, in the first place, they were to 'go out' upon Mr. Disraeli's resolutions ; then upon the intro duction of ths Bill ; then upon the second reading ; and then, as a matter of certainty, upon going into Committee. But the pro phecy has not yet been fulfilled, and the Bill has got into Committee without damage to itself or to tha Ministry. As to the rumour of a resignation, we have no doubt that it has been founded on the following telegram published in Bombay on the 13th of April :— 'London, April 6.— In consequence of a resolu tion passed at a meeting of the Liberal members of the Ho jse of Commons, held on the 2nd, agree ing to a motion to instruct the Reform Committee to fix a 1 mit below which householders must com pound for their rates, and not have a vote, Govern ment Itave announced that they will regard the proposal as a vote of want of confidence.' That the Ministry did not resign, however, on this occasion is clear; for the seoond read ing of the Bill was proceeded with, and on tho 10th of April it was taken into Com mittee. Its clauses then came on for dia cussion, and Mr. Disraeli seems to have given up his proposal for dual voting — a prin ciple which Mr. Gladstone had condemned in eloquent terms as a measure for setting the rich against the poor. The fate of the Bill, then, will not be known till the arrival of the next maiL Its provisions generally were considered exceedingly liberal, but bitter dissatisfaction was ex pressed by some of the Opposition at the Government being so willing to alter and amend the clauses in any way desired by a majority of the Committee. The leading features of the Bill when it was introduced wore personal ratepaying and dual voting, Every man who in a, borough' occupied a house and paid his rates personally, no matter their amount, was to have a vote, two years' residence to be necessary as a qualification. Then every man who paid £1 a year income and assessed taxation was to have a vote, and if a householder two votes. This double vote was intended to balance tho large extension given to ratepayers, and there were spine other provisions for con ferring second votes on those who had £50 in the funds or savings banks, on all ministers of religion, and on some other persons quali fied by education. Thus it seems that the dual vote was one of the great essentials of the Bill; and if the Ministry have now abandoned it, other sweeping alterations must be made until nothing of the original measure will remain. The ' war news' which the late telegrams refer to may very probably turn out to be no more substantial than the alleged resigna tion of the Ministry. We find that -vhen the mail left there had been some talk about the annexation of Luxembourg to France. A French journal, however, had distinctly denied 'that there was any truth in the rumour current in Paris that France was in treaty for the purchase of Luxembourg from. Holland.' But it ia added, 'The denial does not seem to hare much credence in Berlin.- An official paper of that city insists that General Frossarcl, one of the Emperor's aides-de-camp, ia about to proceed on a secret mission to Luxembourg, and adds that the belief strengthens that France wishes to buy the province.' Out of this little matter a complication has now arisen, if we are to judge by the telegrams which have follov.-ed in the wake of the mail. They first say, on the authority of the Times, that HoUⅈ'-J liad agreed to cede Luxembourg to France for one hundred million francs ; then that the reported ceding is unfounded ; next that Prussia is strengthening her for tresses to oppose France ; and after this there SQ»es a series of messages, which are summed up by the Bombay papers as follows:— 'Several telegrams have been received re porting great uneasiness regarding Conti nental affairs. One telegram of the Gth says: — 'Affairs uneasy on the Continent.' Another of the 7th reports 'Continental politics alarming.' Of the Sth, two or three have been received ; one says a 'war between France and Prussia seems inevitable ;' and another reports a panic on the Paris Bourse, which has reacted to some extent on London.' The latest telegram, however, is that of the 18th of April, which somewhat dispels the idea of a war by stating that the neutral Powers (at the invitation of France) are endeavouring to arrange the Luxembourg question. Still, ' France La making warlike preparations,' which, however, is nothing new; and which even some of the 'Peace party' amongst her legislators seem to be in favour of, now that Prussia is becoming such an aggressive and gigantic Power. \- From America there is no news of great importance. Tho Fenians receive an un usually huge share of attention in the New York papers, and if talk could excite a suc cessful rebellion in Ireland there would be no doubt as to the result. But the Head Centre has not made his appearance, and the fresh attempts at outbreak near Dublin have been of the usual ' cabbage garden' cha racter. ' The sudden collapse of the insur rection (says a correspondent writing from Dublin) has astonished the Irish public as much as the simultaneousness of the out break, and adds to the mystery that attends this often-killed and yet ever-renewed insur rectionary movement. The common state ment that the flying columns of sleet— rather than those of Lord Strathnairn— have scat tered the rebel bands, is not to be accepted a3 entirely accounting for the complete apparent Fenian fiasco that has occurred. Most of the brethren returned to their homes almost as soon as they had left them, and whilst their triumphs in the shape of destruction of railways and firing of police barracks were not as yet interfered with by any remarkable reverse.' In reference to North Australia, we learn that the advertised meeting of land purchasers was held, as proposed, at the London Tavern, for the pur pose of taking into consideration their unsatisfactory position as holders of land orders, and to adopt a course of action for obtaining a return of their purchase-moneys. Mr. A. L. Elder occupied the chair, and it was resolved that, as the holders of pre liminary land-orders had subscribed their money on the faith of a scheme set before them by the Government of South Australia, and as it was notorious that such sohQUio had failed, the Government ahould be urged to refund the money paid, with interest from the date of payment. From the commercial news of the month we learn that therehad been a slight fall in wool, that copper was quoted at £83 per ton, and that the wheat market was firm. Money was still plentiful, and the rate of discount remained at 3 per cent. The Supreme Court.— Their Honors the Judges will Ml in Equity this mornicgat the usual hour. Police PuoTEorioy.— A deputation, consisting of a number of the hading residents of Greenock, waited upou the Chief Secretary on Thursday, May P, for the purpose of urging the desirability of utl'ording police protection to that township. The deputation was introduced by Mr. P. B. Coglin, ALP., and Mr. Palmer presented a memorial setting forth the want of police protection, and the increasing importance of the district. Hie Chief Secretary expressed himself favourably towards the request, and promised to obtain a report from the Commissioner of Police in reference to it. Electoral District of \7est Tourexs.— A Court of Eevision was held at Hindtnar&h; on Thurad-iy, May 9 -Presiding Officer, Mr. J. Hind marsh. For the Legislative Council there were added to the roll, 3(1; struck off the roll, nil; transfers, nil. Total on roll, 6 5. For the House of Assembly thero were added (o the roll, 120; struck off the roll, nil; transfers, niL Total on roll, 1,19V Adelaide Local CcuKT.-The only case of importance which came before the Adelaide Local Court (Limited Jurisdiction, Civil) ou Thursday, May 9, was that of Celton and Another v. Day. Through the plaintiffs being unable to prove their claim the cose was adjourned till next Court day on pnymei.t of costs, Adelaide Police Coubt.— On Thursday, M.iy 9, a female defendant, charged as idle and disor derly, was dismissed, because the charge was net made out. A charge against a defendant of having used language and demeanour likely to provoke a breach of the peace, was referred to the Civil Court The owner of a dog, which had - caused a horse to rear and throw the rider, had to pay £3 14s. fine and costs. A contractor, charged with neglecting to keep a light near a heap of ketbing and paving materials, had to pay 30s. fie and costs. Another similar case incurred like penalty, and a third 21s. fi' e and co?ts. A butcher, charged with slaughtering sheep in the city without a licence, had to pay £2 10s. fine and costs. A charge of furious driving was proved, and occa Bioned a penalty of £1 17s. A female defendant had to pay £1 13s. fine and costs for stray cows. A charge of wife-beating was adjourned until the following day. Institute Lectuke.;- TheEev. J. Gardner will this- evening ddiver a lecture in the Reading Boom of the Institute on 'Egypt and itsl^e mains.' The Gawlkb ahd Willastos RAOEi-These races commenced on Thursday, May 9, the weather being specially favourable, and there was a large attendance, including a number of well known sporting men from Adelaide and elsewhere. There were four entries for the Maiden Plate, the first race, which was won by the Hon. J. Baker's Flying Fish, Mr. Adcock'a Bolero coming in second. The Town Plate, the principal event of the day, was gained by Mr. E. M. Bagot's Cowra Medora taking the second, and Stag the third place. The Shorts were won by Mr. W. G. Morris's Darkie, and the Hacks by Mr. Bradley's Little Nell, which was afterwards put up, and sold by Mr. Barnard for £25 odd. Our report is held over on account of the pressure of Epgiish news. SKjfAPHOBE Jetty.— During the construction of this important work, it appears that the contractor at one time was driven into a corner by the supply of timber for the main piles failing, and he there, fore asked and obtained permission to drive four piles of stringybark. The result is a most im portant one, and worthy the attention of the Public Works Uffice, for while the angles on the eucalyptus and jarra piles ate scarcely touched by decay, the stringybark are so far destroyed between wind and water as to render it imperative to drive sister piles, to prevent the^structure falling down. 'That part of the ? wood ab*ove high water mark is as sound as possible; but where the tide rises and falls the Urredo navulis has taken pos session and eaten the heart of the wood com pletely away, leaving only a net work to support the jetty. It is, however, pleasing to notice the Marine Board recognising the importance of the work, by immediately paying attention to the same, and tikinc steps for its repair._ Mr. Perry, whe before contracted for the T head, is engaged in the repairs, which will be accomplished in about a week. It is stated there are some piles at the outer extremity requiring overhaul, and they will doubtless receive immediate attention if such is the case. The Victorian Guns.— A number of the new War Department guns have been shipped from Woolwich Arsenal for the Government of Victoria. The price, which is atwut one-half that of the former guns of high-price J mat rial, is to be repaid to the War Department. The 25 guns are on Mr. Fraser's plan of construction, now adopted l-y the Government, and had been shipped from Wool wich A r^ual to the order of the Colonial Govern ment of Australia. One of the tuns, however, was ordered to be retained by. desire of the War Department, and was sent to Shoeburyness for ex perimental purposes to test its accuracy and capa bilities. The trim, a tU pounder, was accordingly fired over the 50:1 yards range, in the presence of Captain and Brevet Major Heyman, K.A., Secre tary, and other members of the Ordnance Select Committee. With a charpe of 12 lbs. of powder and an 80 lb. shot the Warrior target was pene trated, and the gun was pronounced all that was desired. It has been a^ain taken to Woolwich to In? re-ahipped for its destination to Melbourne.— Home JVt'ic,?. Wesleyan Anniversary at Eeynella.— The anniversary services of the Rtynella Wesleyan Chapel took place on Sunday, April 2*, when ttvo rery excellent sennon3 were preiched by Mr. Thos. Martin, of Adelaide, to good congregutio.is. On the following Tuesday a public tea meeting was held, when a jroodly number sat down. The after meeting was ably presided over by Mr. James Tank, and eloquently addressed by the Kevs. J. Allen. II. C. Flockart, and Messrs. E. Hroudbent, T. Martin, J. Sampson, and J. Woodings. The speeches were short and instructive. Alter the usual votes of thanks, the meeting closed Hi an early hour. The proceeds amounted to about £10. The desirability o( fencinp in the chapel has long been felt, and the friends have no-.v determined to do so at once. iggf' Messrs. Green -fc Wadliam have desired us to remind our readers that their usual Monthly Auction Sale of Freehold and Leasehold Landed Properties in Town, Suburbs, and Country will be held in the Land Mart This Day, com mencing at 11 o'clock pieciaely. For particulars of Properties to be submitted, see advertisements. Victoria Theatbe.— It is wonderful how persisteutly the tradition clings to the stage that Shikspeare will not pay, aud yef, when a special house i3 to be drawn, or a special actor to lw shown oft', the Stage Manaper is obliged to fall back on Hamlet, or another of the non-paying classics. When *e first saw Mr. llayner we thought it would rot be long before he appeared in the pure tragedy buskin. His voice is so rarely adapted to it, and his acting, though not of the impressive kind, is so natural and cenuine, that to confine him to supeifici.il fifth-rate pieces would have been a waste of resources. No doubt many other of Mr. llayner's admirers had their curiosity awakened by the prospect of seeing him in his natural cle ment. Thanks to this, as partly also it mav be to the patronage of the officers of the Uth (who, however, greatly detracted :i:om its value by coming in late and making a disturbance in one of the bust scenes), there was i\n excellent house last nisht to welcome tiie new Hamlet. Our limued spacj this inornin^ precludes elaborate criticism, therefore we may say at once that Mr. liayner created n very fav. uruhle impression. His style is r.ot of 'the kind to briny down the (oJs very often, but it commands steady, intelligent attention, lie gives the Koyal Dane a self restraining air, which is rather original, and may bv-more in accordance with Khakspeare's intention than the other extreme. Hut, where real emotion was reqiired Mr. Kayner showed a very intense power of expressing it, and I y a variety of finishing touches to his articulation and gesture, greatly heightened the effect without appearing to intend it. Comparing him with Mr. Ireland, of whose Hamlet we spoke last year in the highest terms, he is less nervous and energetic, but more artistic. In the milder lassag-'s, his easy manner and less impressive personnel give him an advantage over his prede cessor. We should be glad to see either character more frequently on the btace, and as Mr. Bayner has commenced in time, he will probably favour us with an occasional repetition. Aa to the manner in which he was supported, we must admit that it was creditable on the whole. With one or two hopeless exceptions like Mr. Morrison, all the minor characters were well given. Mrs. Jucknoifs Ophelia was as good as when first pie st'htcd, which implies considerable praise, Mr.-.* Kay did nut quite look 'every inch a Queen;' but she looked what she always is, a sensible careful actress, who makes everything bhe attempts p.iss able. Her poor husband — that is, number two— seemed to f«el very much abroad in the royal purple. Meeting him in the oidinaty course of business, we should have set him down as a king of the log species. When he changes his system of calisthenics, he should also endeavour to fiiid a better tailor. Mr. Musgrave's Polonius was one of the winning numbers in the Shuksperian lottery. It did full justice to the quaint sagacity of the original, and yet brought oat into relief its peculiar weaknesses. On this occasion, for a wonder, Polonius was allowed to remain a gentleman, albeit though silly through ex cess of wisdom. The Ghost was a regular six- footer, and did bis duty respectably, the most noticeable defect in him being an inclination to force out his particularly solemn tones into a drawl. Horatio and Osric did not suffer at the hands of their female representatives— Mis3 Arnot and Miss Karl ; but as a rule we do not sympathize with the disregard that some stage managers have for distinctions of sex. The best tint can be expected of a woman in a man's part ti to be successful ia coneealing herself; that she should develop a distinctive cha racter is the very next thing to impossible. Miss Arnot comes as near this impossibility as we have ever seen it approached, but still there was a vacuity. The piece altogether was so uncquivccally successful that Mr. Solomon ought to have no hesitation in reproducing it or something else from the Bame great source. The anxiety he has shown throughout the present season to raise the character of the local stage entitles him to better support than he has been receiving of late. Not content with bringing a superior company to begin with, he shortly afterwards added . Mr. ivUyner. He has since gone a step farther, we believe, and engaged two more eastern celebrities —Madame St Denis and Mr. Hoskings. Bjth of them will make their debut on Monday nest. In justice to Mr. llayner and Mr. Stuart u'Brien. we ought to mention that there was a misprint in our notice of Wednuaday's poiformance in yester day's paper. It was there said that ' Mr. liay nei'n acting was decidedly ivfeiior to his rdle,' and y. r. O'Brien's ditto. What the writer really wrote v as decidedly tuperior, and the context will in dicate that that was what he meant Miss Aitxen's KKADLVG3.— The foufth of Miss Ailkeu's bcries of readings took place on Thursday evening. There was a good attendance, and Mr. W. Harcus acted as Chairman. The fiist reading was the well-known sctuc from 'King John,' between Hubert and Prince Arthur, which was rendered with such telling effect as to enable the audience fully to realize the distressing position of the young Prince, and the earnest pleading by which he succeeded in delivering himself from the threatened torture. This was followed by a poetic readinp, 'The Lord of Burleigh,' which was given with all the feeling that the touching incidents narrated are calculated to arouse. ' The IMaklava charge' was, as usual, most enthusiastically re ceived, and an eucore being demanded, Miss Aitken gave ' The Wonnerf u' Wean,' which met with general tokens of appreciation.' 'Mrs. Caudle's Lecture to Mr. Caudle, on his becoming » Ficernason,' caused much amusement, and the first part of the entertainment closed with ' Mary Queen of Scots.' , The second - part commenced with a new reading— Tennyson's ' Dorx' Its pathos aud ' idyllic beauty gave even more than usual scope to Miss Aitken's talent. Towards the close of the reading ttars stood in many an eye, and every face bore muiks of the high-strained emotion that worked within. The remainder of the programme consisted of old favourites, ' Young Locbinvar,' 1 The Day is Done,' and ' Jeannie Deans.' The first entailed an encore, for which Miss Aitken substituted 'The Old Scottish Cavalier.' To night's is the last reading of the series,. and will be under the patronage of His Excellency. The pro gramme, as given in our advertising columns, is both choice and extensive, several pieces being given for the first time. No doubt hundreds who have already listened with delight to this talented reader will gladly honour with their presence her closing entertainment. Mb. axd Mrs. Case at Korth Adelaide.—, Mr. and Mrs. Case gave an entertainment on Thursday eveuing at the Temperauce Hall, JNorth Adelaide. There was a very full attendance. The performances comprised 'The Lost Party,' some illustrations of '.Natural Magic,' vccaland instru mental music, and several sketches of odd charac ters and strange events. In the first part of the entertainment Mrs. Cose gave the audience ano ther opportunity of witnessing her very clever im personations of the various representative men and women, who, by their successive intrusions, drive Mr. Case almost to distraction. Nothing can be well conceived as more thoroughly enjoy able than these delineations of character, with all their charming diversities of colouring, and their artistic arrangements of light and shade. The 'Enchanted Heads' were introduced during the evening, and the illusion was perfect. The perfor mances were still further diversified by the excel lent instrumentation of Mr. Case on the violin and concertina. The whole entertainment, which was of a superior character, elicited frequent and unmistakable demonstrations of delight. THE SINNETT FUND ENTERTAINMENT.—In our advertising columns will be found a programme of the entertainment to be given on Monday evening in aid of the fund which is being raised for the benefit of the widow and children of the late Mr. F. Sinnett, whose untimely death has left those who were dependant upon him almost wholly un provided for. We feel sure that the proverbial liberality of the good people of Adelaide will induce many to patronise the entertainment for the sake of contributing their mite towards so bene volent an object; but apart from this laudable motive the programme itself presents no mean attractions. The names of the Chairman and Mr. Townsend are sufficient to ensure some good speaking, while the gentlemen who have under taken the reading and recitations have long been favourably known for their abilities in that line. It was a happy thought to give prominence in this part of the entertainment to Mr. Sinnctt's own writings, and those who remember the light and genial play of his fancy and humour will not doubt that they will add much to the enjoyment as well as to the interest of the evening. The original amateur Christy Minstrels, who have often shown themselves so prompt to aid a charitable object, although modestly shrowding their personal identity under visages of black and noms de chanson, and who achieved so decided a success at the recent entertainment of the Trinity Church Young Men's Association, will no doubt contribute largely to the entertainment of the audience. And last, but by no means least, the well known kind ness of Miss Aitken has enabled the Committee to add her name to the attractions of the evening. The fact that she will for the first time in Adelaide take part in a dialogue, is in itself enough to draw many to the room. We trust the efforts of the Committee will result in a large addition to the fund. Football.— The match between the Adelaide Football Hub and the ofjicers and men of Her .Majesty's 14th Regiment, with 20 a side, will be plaj ed to-morrow afternoon, at 2 o'clock, on the North Park Lands. The following team will repre sent die Adelaide Club:— Messrs. G. O'Halloran, L'ornish, 11. O'HahVran, Colley, F. A. Price, G. Aldiidfte, Gwyiiiie, T. S. Hum, Malcolm, Sparks, li. Taylor, Samson, W. Taylor, Crooks, liaines, King-ton, l!oss, Linkluter, W. Wartmrton. His Excellency the Governor has signified his intention of visiting the grouijd, and a band has been en gaged for the cccasion. The Expedition to Koppromarau.—-A cor respondent writes from Blinman Mine, May 6, 1867:— 'The expedition under the command of Sergeant Wauhope to enquire into the condition of the aborigines at Koppromarau, and other places in the Far North, returned to the Blinman on Friday (3rd) after an absence of only 29 days. Mr. Buttfield, the Protector, returned with them. I am sorry to say he lost all his horses (three), and is afflicted with gravelly blight, and been nearly blind during the last week.' 