BELTANE, " On that day it was, ami to somo estent still is, customary to have bonfires in honour of tho gun. All the fire in the houso was first taken out of it and placed on somo eminence near, while the new fire was kindled by; means of a Boils-druidc, or fire caused by friction. The kindling thus used was called Beil-teine, and tho day itself Beltano. The present form of these old observances could bo witnessed very lately at a druidical circle near Crieff. A circle of men and women having been formed, a fire was kindled in their midst; each present, having been blindfolded, drow out from a cap a bit of cake. One of these pieces had boon previously blackened, and whoever drew that piece had to jump through tho fire in the centre, and pay a forfeit. In other countries, as in Ireland, another day, as St. John's Eve, is the favourito season for practices precisely similar. Many other customs aro still observed on this day. Every year, Arthur's Seat, in Edinburgh-a hill, by tho bye, having nothing at all to do with King Arthur, and whose name means simply the seat for the god of the air, the gun-is visited on May-day's morning by a crowd of young women that they may catch the May dow, and by washing their faces with it secure their beauty all tho year. Of course, as practisod there, it is morely a sportive meeting of sweethearts ; but when the same custom of gathering the May- day's dew is, as wo have found it, done in remote districts by solitary individuals, there must bo something of a belief in its efficacy remaining. On this day in Scotland the whole kingdom of the supernatural is supposed to be in motion. Ghosts, witches, fairies, demons, all aro active ; and special care, therefore, must bo taken to ward off all-Jharm. The milkmaid hangs up a branch of the rowan trees, bearing berries over the cow-houso, as an antidoto to spells, or a barrier to the progress of unlawful would-be entrants, while a piece of tar is put into tho car of every cow. Unbelievers of the present day. may perhaps find a e,lue to this supposed activity on the part of these spiritual beings in the real influence which at this season the sun exercises through all nature, and the consequent necessity for using certain precautions to obviate Ua peril."-Dublin University. 