?. ? ?-; .--.T;-.J. .1,1.; ; i;; n.lift THE THBATEE8, Ao; - " jQlr* n» ln»« , To apeak nyr , lfr.£«tt Itotjifettl UfipMlMSior. .'Ktrfep i mind jiif hphpssbown ^ug ,'$»*« for gnat ing friy a. jjw.pfcrt 4»f >' ^pntey. fltiUUfce gr&t;' B» has .reached lh? topmost wtfaffw in*t I««t« branoh of his profession t he per sonatesatabnMy (© well that any average monkay J&aeji.; mpnkey manner* of him. Iodef^ to ooofei'Jhe. trtrth, until'jbe his bead to bow hisaQknawledgtaaots tothe audienoe fbrcalling him before the'eortain, I bad grave doubtswhfether what I n* *bs o&fr; amofakey iiikteadl of a monkey per sonated,' Heismanifestly tto most men, the most flexible of acrobats { {tad it cannot be doubted that he has Jived aauog monkeys, and known them intimately j has been, in faction intimate terms withiheffi, and has had oonfidentjairelations With them, or he ne.ver could hav/e learned their mann^ anj^ customs so thoroughly. The MtttiDotti-Bmjj ought to ht/to con* menced with M Jocko theBrarilian Ape" for their opening piece. They may hare a theory ahout beginning with the worst and gradually working up to their best j but they «ee hereby . counselled to abandon that theory- as unprofit able. For it cannot be denied ""The Gfeeh Monster" was as wearisome as " Jocko the Brazilian Ape" is diverting: It runs orer with fun; the humour ifl unintermittent,'and never flags till the eeriouapart oomea, and poor Jocko is ihot. For it has a tragic-ending this pantomime,' and, to speak the truth, a good deal of pathos surrounds the closing scene, so much so, indeed, that you can hardly help feeling just a little moist about the eyelids. If yon bare not seenit you may perhaps be disposed to smile at the notion of crying over a dead monkey, hut after you hare seen it you will not smile at this notion. And herein you perceive an additional proof of the merit of Mr. Paul Martinetfci'a acting, in thatitecan affect you to tears fcy means at first sight so seemingly onlikely. You have probably stood by the monkey- house in the Zoological gardens-or as it is the fashion to call .it, the " Zoo "-in London, and have been diverted by the preposterous gambols of those caricatures of humanity, but I do not suppose it has ever occurred to you that any of them could draw tears from'you unless they bit you. But you. «e how. much yon . have to leant. Perhaps you object to the pathetic episode on tho grounds of its not being true to nature, and that in reality no monkey ever'saved a child from drowning and tended it with affectionate care until its recovery. But how do yon know? Nobody denies the possession of a luge amount of intelligence to monkeys, and though their instincts are in the rather suited for mischief and diablerie H»n heroism, there are possibly many exceptions, and for anything I can tell Brazilian apes are more philanthropic than apes elsewhere. But without insisting upon this view of the ques tion, and dealing with it as I should deal with any dther dramatic incident not of a common kind, I may gemark that fl such an episode ever were actually to occor, as occurs in -this highly interesting pantomime, it would occur exactly in the manner represented by Mr. IW Martiuetti, and t&t; it is, therefore, as legitimately correct aqpaisbpa, Anal, Pack, Titania, the ghost in "Hamlet," and other Shakspearian creations, which, though thfey never did or will exist, would certainly com port themselves as Shakspeare sets forth, if ever they became other th«" immaterial There is nothing new in<a pantomime with m monkey character in iL We have had many of them in "Melbourne aforetime ; but tins fact is so far from detracting from -ft# gfreat merit of Mr. Paul Martinetti, thst ft furnishes thebest possible tribute to the «x oellenoe of this acting, fcrhe goes so f&r; beyond all* the others that, like homes who lagibehiod in a race, their position need not he dttermiimd. It is sufficient to know thktthqy do. 'nSt toi cannot win. ? Jgoko,or.the Brainliap try?' is altogether-in excellent ^trastwUh the "Green Monster.*' . This .was simply iriaott» prehensible :? the other cannot be miiimder stood. Moreover, the scene of- the ' wbioh does riot change all throqghtlie jjfttfo -is pretty ,and real-looking and hif'jnapti «aWs doors and windows, and t^» Tf^ntiliiiii is in hajmony with the'lobal cWrai&atariaei.1; In fine.it islspiecewhich Sight1 ^--lirotildstjhaveifti^dw if'j grdfct rubbish* and that the management were to biame in reproducing it. But you bad bet ter sot eee.b pipfee at all than see it for only ten minuteB, and then condemn it. " The Sergeant's Wife," &o.;,'is really amoBt effective ljttle- drama, and has exercised the skill of some of bur best acton in its time. It was exceedingly well played in this instance, as you shay' suppose, if you bear in mind that Mr. and Mrs* Vincent, Miss Bocy Stewart, Mr. lambert, and Mr. Stewart wen engaged in it. In die scene where the Sergeant's wife looks through a chink in the wainsootting, and sees what she believes to be the murder of the old nan, her fellow-traveller, Mrs. Vinoent showed some powerfully intense acting, and created in /at least one of the audience that oold eh udder* which is so curious an example of the j possibility of pleasure and pain being com bined. Mr. Vincent's representation of the white-haired old hypocrite was full t>f expres sion, dreadful expression, to be sure, but ex pression of a genuinely-characteristic kind, and his oocasional bursts of murderous vehemence weie extremely striking. The situation where Lisette suddenly faces Tound with the pistol when Denis is going to stab her, was of the most effective sort, and it had in it, more over, something different from the ordinary' villain-b&filing; of whioh many melo dramas contain instances, because it was an unexpected turn in the action. Altogether, this uttle drama had in it something more of merit than it Beems to have got the credit for, . and X am disposed to recommend its repro duction at an early day. It was withdrawn on Wednesday night, and the clever comedietta! of the " Ladies Battle" substituted. In this* Mr. and Mrs. Vincent are aingulareffective. Tuesday night at this theatre was de rated to amateur efforts in aid of the Vic torian Cricketers' Association, the plays being "Money " and " An Actor Ont of Luck." Of Mr. W. Levey and Mr. H. A. Bruce, as Evelyn and Graves, a good deal of praise might be uttered without uttering too much. Their efforts on former occasions have been recorded in the chronicles, and it is needless now to say move than that they were equal to themselves. Kexfc best to them was the Stoat of Mr, Warner, and next to him the Sir Frederick Blount of Mr. D. Wilkie. But Mr. Whit worth's Sir John Vesey was the least success fid thing he has yet done in the way of amateur-acting, and, remembering how well be has done some characters on former oooa sions, I am the more surprised. Of the ladies, let me commend rety strongly Miss Cleveland for a very accurately- detailed Clara Douglas. In the afterpiece Mr. PickersgOl gave some clever imitations of several acton whom we all know, and in doing so let me observe that they would have been (Severer if be had not, as I know, been suffering from an irritating'throat affection which would not permit him to do by any means all he was capable.-df .doing/ Mr.. Bennett did Fustian so well that Xam aft this . moment not clear if h/Efis an. amateur at all. And apropos of this pfoty *hy cannot Borne-* body completely localie&'it ? It ia only half localised; there are allusions to Geelong com* bined with other allusions which by ntfchancft' can refer to anything in the ^colony.' Let us have it all one thing or the other. , Mr. Whitworth's new play of Maximilian, or the Empress and the Traitor," was produced on Monday night at the Haymarket. I had purposed to send the Haymarket to perpetual Coventry from this time forth, but but of regard to Mr. Whitworth, whom I am glad to know as an industrious dramatist, I consented to foregp my resentment and went to see his play, in the writing of I which he has manifestly taken infinite pains. 1 Imprimis, however, I wish be had not written it at all, for I am strongly of opinion that it aiguesless than good taste to hare selected aa a mbject for stage-show a poor lady whose mis fortunes have bereft her of reason. Waiving this objection, there was pkntv of effective material in the Mexioan tragedy to furnish forth a sensation drama of the load Madame tJefefcte affects. I :can almost Imaging Mr. Wbitwortkhaabeen bewildered by the abun dance of the materials at his command, and .that in considering what he had beet «dect» he hasselected some things that are the reverse of beet. Hfo play gave me the impression of tiieto 'being plenty of dramatic atuff in it, nrfy that it wa&t;&i; oompreasing more than lit wans to have teen able to bring:: about. Jferbppsit was a misfortune for him that ire , all, iveyr the story beforehand, and were j obfigeS 'to confess that the story as represented ! Ixfon tik, did not quite correspond with the : ttoty in oQr heads. To be sun there might !» aohwflihig km than auxiliary to effect ia the acting, for exoept Mr. Hoskins and Mr. 4JiU, who represented the characters in the .underplot, aim were in no respect neoesaary to wotting out the .fojy.the acting was not "brilliant. But It wonld be difficult to pot Mr. -floakinsin any character that he did not make -efleotive by some means t «ad Ifr. OiU ooold Jipthelp being amnnpg as a truculent tailor. If | ware, in a> humour for fault-finding, I should say that Mr. Whitworth had achieved leaa itta' tfce average measmfebftuooess aoeoyxrtr of having attempted too maob. Jt. think lii*- he-, liadtaken an epiaode " » l«# would baje;bfien In J aition tpdwlwili hij it bareinfcroduoed abo« tfeftdirely. Ifclitnifijil >a»oWad himielf ; i^ioqntao^ipNij |n aLAL«ltJ( L\ t. . J _ I 