UuBtrated, the engravings being by the Brothers DaLziel. The work will be com pleted in 32 shilling parts, and ia fullof interesting and pleasant reading. The ui«CAn infnnniifinn is not druv and obtrusively presented, but is bo blended with, fact and narrative as to be readily apprehended and retained in the memory. *' La Fontaine's Fables,' illustrated by Gustave Uor4, and translated into verse by Mr. Thornbury, are presented, in a very elegant form, to English readers by Messrs. Cassell & Go. Part I., on toned paper, large quarto, with three full-page engravings and many small ones, has just appeared. Messrs. Cassell & Go. also publish a shilling edition of the popular little manual, ' Our Farm of Four Acres, how we managed it, and what money we made by it.' They have also just issued 'The Practical Poultry-keeper,' a com plete and standard guide for the manage ment of poultry, whether for domestic use, the market, or exhibition, written by L. Wright. It is a nicely got-up portable volume, with a number of good illustra tions and plans. Messrs. Longman and Co. announce that they are about to publish, in two volumes, the 'Memoirs and Correspondence of Sir Philip Francis, commenced by the late Joseph Parkes, Esq., and now under the editorship of Mr. Herman Merivale. Mr. Parkes col lected a very large mass of original papers and correspondence connected with Francis. The arrangement of these materials, and the completion of a life founded on them, became an engrossing occupation with Mr. Parkes. He left behind him eight chapters of his work completed, conducting bis hero only to the year 1768. in which the first letter of Junius appeared. At that point his labors were terminated by death. But the scale of his work was too large ; so that Mr. Merivale has contented himself with completing the life on a reduced plan, leaving Sir Philip Francis to speak for himself, and the Junian portion of the subject to unfold itself in extracts from the M.SS. The first stone of the Royal Albert Hall of Arts and Sciences was laid by Her Majesty the Queen on the 20th May, the Prince of Wales and the Duke of Edinburgh having arrived express from Paris to take part in the ceremony. It is not easy to say what the hall is intended for, the intention being indifferently said to be 'to provide a common centre of union for the various departments of science and art connected with industrial education.' At Kensington one of the most sensible reports of the proceedings appears in a new comic paper, the Tomahawk, which makes the Prince of Wales to say — ' I don't know what this place is to be ; I believe a sort of West end Music Hall. I've been obliged to take a private box. I wish some one would take it off my hands. I shall ask Lucca to come and sing here, and Arthur Lloyd too — that will be rather jolly. I hope my box is on the pit tier. I suppose I must say something about thu stupid place. It has been got up by puffing and gentle pressure. Lots of fellows have taken boxes because they were afraid of offending my mother. They wish they had not done it. I sup pose Cole will give lectures here and charge a guinea for tickets. I hope I fthan't have to come and hear him. There will be a nice staff of curators, superin tendents, box-keepers, check-takers, &c;, all well paid. If we say it's all in memory of my father, Parliament will be obliged to vote the money. I shall try and get some of my friends places. I always have to say in my speeches that I want to -walk in my father's footsteps ; but I don't. I think you may praise a man too much, even when he's dead. It makes people tired of him. ' There is truth as well as satire in this. Messrs. Moxon & Go. will publish next Christmas season, uni form with ' Elaine,' imp. 4to., ' Vivien and Guinevere,' by Tennyson, illustrated by 18 superb engravings on steel, from drawings by Gustave Dore. Messrs. Longman & Co. will issue at the same time the second series of ' Lyra Germa nica,' illustaated by Armitage, Madox, Brown, and John Leighton. They are about to publish a new volume by Jean Ingelow, ' A Story of Doom,' and other poems. Messrs. Moxon & Co. have just issued ' Tupper's Third Series of Prover bial Philosophy.' His opinions about creeds, and stars, and ghosts ; his argu gument for the future of animals ; his strictures on some modern critics ; his national psalms and hymns, &c.; 