DARK SCENES IN LONDON. A correspondent of a daily paper gives tho following deplorable particulars: — "In many nooks of the metropolis somo repulsive scones are often witnessed. In a large cul-de-sac, for example, may be found on ulmost any flue day a crowd of men amounting from 1U0 to 2U0 engaged in rccklc.s gambling. They aro all thieves, burglars, .nod. holders of tickets of. leavo. When excited by a quarrel their aspect is that of. savages. They swear' horribly; They affirm thoro readiness to fight their op ponents until tbey are blind. Murder is on their lips and in tbeir hearts. I have seen another group of them huddling and crushing altogothcr in a corner to witucss an oxciting game of chance — the mob panting, swearing, perspiring, and so maddened that I thought they would suffocate each other in their furious eagerness to sco the sport. All this within a few yards of a police station. The railway arches of a certain part of the metropolis are nightly the dark spots in which are gratified somo of the vilest passions of homeless wretches. Iu many parts of London may be observed ragged, mishapen, shambling men, nnd women, who, as the gloom of night comes on, converge towards these arches, there to sleep 'eu masse.' Lot some amateur casually sleep with them, if ho dare, aod tlio languid cliques who believe In nothing will hear what may, perhaps, rouse them from their shameful apathy , as to the state of tho homeless classes. 1 fear to write ' of juvenilo depravity; but let mc venture'a few lines. Careful observers of metropolitan life must have noticed gaogs of young girls — three, four, and five together— ?who saunter idly along tho streets, and every now and thcu givo a loud laugh, or sing a chorus of some low song, or push, fight, and swear for their own amusement. Not far from them follow gangs of boys of a similar character. Well, most of these boys and girls have no home; desire no home. They thieve, rob old men, pilfer from stalls and shops; take from children the money given to pay ior schooling; abscond with rugs, whips, and coats from traps, carts, aud other vehicles ; and, in fact, subsist entirely by predatory habits. Whore do they live? Iu the streets. Where sleep ? Anywhere.' And they prefer to sleep altogether? I need not say any more to indicate the horrors of their precocious depravity. A fearless man sees strange sights. For many years ' tbo dark arches' under tbo Adclphi presented weird ad ventures to those who dared cxploro them. Lost beings flitted past you liko shadows. They rose bcueath you liko ghosts. They growled when you stumbled over them as they lay in their rags, and some of them would have choked you for a shilling. Tho. arches arc safer aod better now, but the last time I plunged ioto them with a friend I found a frightful lookiog woman, who started from her lair, and with a shriek fled oat of sight. It was in- quo of theso ' dark arohes' that a poor young girl died, and was discovered whito and cold. Lot us glaocc at some interiors. Hero, then, is a room in a public-house filled with people. Smoking, drinking, singing, and sweet- hearting of a coarse kind is going on. Mauy of tho company aro below twenty years. One lad is treating three girls. Here, next, is a small theatre crammed with young people. The girls gigglo, cat nuts, drink porter, leer at the boys, and shout messages to ' our Sal.' Tho boys smoke, drink porter, eat nuts, leer at the girls, and call to the fiddler to ( play up.' The curtain rises, and the comic song and dance begin. The daoce is simply infamous —the song is like it. .Now, why has this cn: tertainmcnt gone on for years ? Can the police not stop it ? Iq 6mne parts of Loudon luicves densely congregato. Let no reader expect a romance. There is no romance in the life of a thief. 'Penny numbers arc idle tales. Thieves — as a class— arc a wretched, cowardly, ignorant, self-shamed, despicable lot of ruffians. That is a uiild way of putting tho case. I have known scores of thieves, and never knew one who bad a decent borne, any respect for women, a noble ospiration, a merry heart, and a bright futuro. Their houses are dingy, their meals rude, thoir leisure hours wearisome, their femalo friends worthless, their amuse ments brutal, their children a burden, tbeir souls debased, and their lives inteusolv low. cruel, and bad. Most of them mado a bad bargain with tho devil, and lost the game they meant to win. A thieves' house ! Tliorc arc hundreds of these where every man is a thief, nnd every child a predestined criminal. I have visited those houses late at night and early in the morning, and any young clork or. errand boy, or poor man's daughter, who be comes an inmate of any ono of them will find it present and immediate hell. I know ono ; of those inmates. Ho has been a swell-niols- man for twolve years, and spent nine of them in prison, and is now old, poor, and miserable. Those houses are plague-spots of tho worst kinds, and uo one knows a tithe of tbo dcei'a of cruelty and lust which transpire within ti e accursed walls. Sporting houses have great attractions to somo persons. They forget that pugilism ruins its heroes. Fast mon see the boxers in their prime, whon they' can run, leap, wrcstlo, and fight. But I see them after the fight — bruised, bleeding, depressed, drunk, almost dead. I know also how pugilists oflcn die. One of the chief heroes of modern timcH —champion of England— died in utter desti tution, nnd bitterly repented iu my prcscnto of his wasted life." 