? T H S S L E B P - W A L K E E ; OB, 0 ' cBBass&'s ; CHAPTER JjXVL ' ni VBS. OOBDOH SUVTfiXES, other tt" pur Uuy," 11'hi -Woman laDlsck etc. ! WW? said L&dy; r Bo6emount > " thS^fiext ight I went aittnng Sori∈ the library—I w»« bot a«a»e ithat rltord Bosemount had returned ; I had 'hear^ po carriage wheels^ neither Jessica nor Barbara 'had reappeared. It was tirelte o'clock at aight—and I was tUpkinf! of rettring to bed, when beneath the thick, purple, velvet hanglrigs of the library window,,I saw part of a large but wellshaped foot. hair stood on end; my heart ceased to beat; my blood froze in my veins; my tongue olaye to the roof of my mouth; I felt in tibat'moment not merely the extreme of bodily terror, butof mental horror. Ibad recognised jrour fatb&r;'s foot beneath the folds of the curtain. " X tried to be calm. The day had been a sultry one, and I had thrown open one^>f the windows—iiow tliey were all closed. I fitueied my last hour was come Jibut i -wished to sell imy life aB dearly as possible, and to save it for your sake; Theresa, if I could. " I heard a noise like the rumbling of distant ^wheels. -My flesh seemed to creep, and my bur stood on end. I felt sure, as I listened, that it was thunder.: I rose gently; and ran on tiptoe to the door. It; was fastened! and at.tfae same mdment I.was seized by a stron^iand—your, father's hand -rand dragged bapk on my chair.. Alas! my child, how can I tell you that your father, his large, light, luminous eiyes on fire, his face ghastly whito, and^his hair and beard looking like flamesi held me down fiercely, and said, in a voice hoarse with passion— "'Your life is a burthen to you, and a barrier to me. It was high time to put an end to it, and I am - resolved you shall not survive this night.' "' You would not kill me, Bosemount ? faltered out. " No; but if yon*are the unselfish, devoted woman you have often pretended to be, and ior the sake of your children and their position in society, you will take a few drops I have' ready of an extract, which will send you promptly and painlessly out of the worldand out of my way." "I.cannot commit so great a crime, cannot rush into the presence of an offended God,' I said. "' Folly and fanaticism!' he shouted, aloud 'Ifyou refuse to take-what I offer (and he produced a small phial), I will either cut your throat, or hang you to yon beam,, and the world will believe you did it yourself ; for I hare come in secret. from Ash Park, and am supposed to be now in my bed there; thither I will return ^privately, as I came, and thusfie enabled to prove anitftK, should suspicionl^l on nie.' . - "' Husband!' I cried, falling on my knees, ' you loved jne once, have meroy! Oh have, mercy I I have been a true wife to 1 you' Spare my love!' "'"Only in consideration that T you take these drops, "haying first written these few which I will dictate to you.' He drew a^nfk towards me, dipped a pen in the ink —% sheet of paper was already there—and thrift before me the following copy of a note— My beloved husband, and my darling children,—I am weary of life. A Jeep depression which I cannot shake off, Ulves me to rid myself of consciousness. I think I am going melancholy mad,, and to avoid,-,ending my days in a lunatic asylum, I have resolved to put myself out of the intolerable misery life has become tome.—Dear husband and dear children, your unhappy "THERESA ROSEMOUMT." "'I cannot, write it,' I said. 'Kill my body if you will, but my soul you cannot kill; but I, by the deed you urge, should kill both body and soul. I will not do it!' "All this time the storm was growing louder and loader; but your father, though generally so much afraid of a storm, bis eldest brother haviDg been killed by hiB side by lightning, was unconscious of the rage of the elements, so absorbed was he by his terrible • work. "' Yourefuse to write these few lines? he said; ' you a wife, a mother, knowing you must die within the hour—you prefer the agony of having your throat cut, or of death by hanging, to the painless and dignified exit I offer you. You say you love me, yet you drive me to commit murder; and if it is true that, 'murder will out,' it is certain that in the end the tenth Earl of Bosemount will perish on the scaffold, title and estates will be forfeited, and our children will be beggars. On the other hand, if you take these dropB, you will fall asleep, with my blessings in your ears, and the consciousness that your death, releasing the large sum settled on you, will enable me to meet claims which else will bring all I possess to the hammer. As a true wife, 8S a fond mother, as a devoted, heroio woman, I implore you write these lines, and take these drops.' " He drew a wineglass and a water-bottle close to h : »u, as he spoke, and proceeded, with a steady hold,-to drop the morphia into the lass half-full of water. His countenance as fe did so seemed to me so Satanic, and there was something so fiend-like in the arguments he used to induce me to commit suicide, that I felt rage get the better of fear in my breast, and I dashed the glass and the bottle to the ground, saying, as I did so— "' If the tenth Earl of Bosemount oommits murder, I hope the tenth Earl of Bosemount will die on the scaffold, and his accursed name and title be for ever blotted out of the peerage of the land. I swear before the God who gave me life that I will not destroy it, and ! will defend it to the best of my power, so help me heaven!' "Nothing can describe the fury of your father at these words, and at the loss of the moor and to you. He had, in spite of his Herculean strength, great difficulty in mastering me; but, at length, he forced me back into an arm-chair, and he drew a dagger from bis breast. All this time the wind howled, and the cypress branches swept the windows, the thunder roared, and the lightning flashed but he, absorbed by the storm within, was unconscious of that without. Oli, heaven have mercy upon mo, I gasped, as I saw the bright glitter of the dagger in hiB hand as he was about to plunge it in my heart. The next moment the lightning struck the 6teclf$Mo, and your father with a cry and groan, fell senseless on the floor; I stooped down to see whether he himself had been struck by the U^htaiog, or whether be : had fallen down' in' a swoon from the terror, caused bv^the lightning, i had ldlled fais brother^^Tiis side. I found be was not dead—not-even injared, as far ae l conid see—and leaving JUm^wbere he lay, I retreated toljhe oratory<^|ined the door, opened the ; window ^ S^f him to imaginel hid effected^iriy eBeapetbrongb the easement, and ~ nn£utening the trapdoor, horned through tho subterranean passage, and arrived in r sajety at fee .Beach; Farm. Old Xomkinsdo; watchful, owing to his greatj ^nxiety abont me, no sooner heard qft kaook st'the' door than he suspeicted I'bad coaie down to take refuge -at the farm. He Tose and let me in. I was soon installed in these comfortable apartments. He had taken the precaution of engaging onljyi servant from Jjpndon, who had never seen.me, and, moreover, had told her that he expected his niSce from London, and that she might arrive suddenly, at any hour of the night or day. He accounted for all the preparations he was making for my reception, by saying his niece had been aboustomed to every luxury in India, radj^hat the best he could do would fall vfery far short of what she had been used to in tropical-Bengal • and now, my own, dear Theresa, you must judge for yourself whether my life iwas In peril, and I think"you will agree with me that it seemed an especial interposition of Providence in my favor that I was saved by that shaft from God's bow which we call lightning. I have heard from old Tomkinson, who bad it from an under-gardener, that your father's hand and - arm were so much injured, that he was obliged to send for a surgeon, and that his explanation of the matter is, that he was about to shave, when the lightning struck his ifezor-blade, and drove it into his hand." " Oh, my dear, dear mamma," said Lady Theresa, " I can never be sufficiently grateful to Providence for its interposition in your favor! I hope you will let me Consult Arthur as to the best arrangement to be made for your future safety; for, indeed, my own dearestl&other;, I.can never know an hour's peace whilst there is a possibility of your being again in danger of your life." "If you tell your husband that my life would be endangered were I not to conceal my retreat, you must do so without implicating yonr father. I cannot bear to have him looked upon as JI murderer by his son-in-law. Whatever faults, errors, vices, or crimes a husband may commit, it is a wife's duty to conceal them from the world. But I do not think your father will ever repeat his attempt upon my life. He is very superstitious about lightning, and I feel sure he will look upon the accident he has met with a foretaste of that divine, vengeance which would overtake him were he to commit the crime which, was sOfflHraeulously prevented." • " Afij^Sy dear mother," said Lady Theresa, Jon are, and always were, a heroine, a Christian sainj|and martyr; and your str®gdhith and sublime forgiveness will enable^ou to feel .quiet and easy whfen I shall be distracted with terrors on your account. I am sure the wisest thing you could do would be to live with us. Arthur would then be ever at hand to protect, and I to comfort you. What say you, angel mother?" " "We will think of it, and sleep upon it, my darling," said Lady Bosemount; "but don't be angry, my own Theresa, if I say that, although I feel sure Sir Arthur would at once comply with any wish of yours, and would try to reconcile himself to it, I am a very poor judge of character, and have read his very falsely, if he would really be able to reconpile himself to that sort of rival in his wife'sconfideneeandaffections, which a mother a,lways seems to be to a jealous man." "Jealous, mamma!" cried Lady Theresa, " what makes you think Arthur is jealous ?" " Think, my child! I know it, I oan see it in every flush on his dark cheek, every flash of his black eyes, every curl of bis fine lip; nay, more, Theresa, I am very much mistaken if you hare not already discovered that Othello was a reasonable husband compared to your Arthur. But, come, we are trying him sorely by this long private conference. Let us rejoin him, my darling, and then I must urge you both to go back to the Priory at once, for, in truth, you look very pale, weary, and wofti, and like the ghost of my own blooming rosy Theresa!" Sir Arthur, during this long tete-d-tete between his wife and her mother, had endured several relapses. He had had a return of the ague of jealousy —both the hot and the cold fit; but he -had resolved to master his familiar demon, and when Lady* Bosemount and his wife re appeared, he assumed so cheerful and so pleasant an air, as to deceive both into a notion that he was not so very morbidly jealous after all. Lady Bosemount would not let the weary travellers remain any longer at Beach Farm, and they returned through the secret passage back to the Priory. Tomkinson carried a lantern before them, to light them on their way, and they were in suoh high spirits, that what had seemed to Theresa when first she traversed it, to be a ghoul and ghost-haunted passage, now appeared a most cheerful promenade So much are outward objects colored by our inward thoughts and feelings. Very gently Sir Arthur and Theresa ascended the stone steps, and raised the trapdoor ; as he did EO, be stood with his back to the oratory, helping her to ascend. It was not till she had reached the inlaid floor of the oratory, and had assisted him to let down and secure the trap-door, that she perceived what made her cling, cold and pale, to her husband, while a faint cry escaped her white lips. Her father, in his night-shirt and night- .p, sat at the table, with the dark-bound jouril book spread before him. He closed the book, rose, and seemed to Theresa to be coming towards her, when Sir Arthur drew her away, and half led, half carried her out of the oratory, whispering to her— Fear nothing, my love. You father does not see you. Look—his eyes, though wide open, are fixed on vacancy. /Did you not know that he is a sleep-walker? " I think I have heard mamma say that at one time papa did walk in his sleep," said Tberes'a, " but I never saw him do so bofore. Oh, Arthur, how dreadful he looks!" _" Think no more about him, dearest," said Sir Arthur. " He can do us no harm in his present state. I wish he was always as harmless." Theresa thought of her mother, and wished so too. (To be continued.) 