THE AUGUST MAIL ,FEOM EUROPE. The P. and 0. Company's steamship Bombay, Captain Burne, reached Hob-' son's Bay soon after ten o'clock yester- day forenoon, with the August mail irom Europe, due here on the 13th inst. The following letters from our London correspondents wore published in a Second Edition, issued about noon : LONDON, Aua. 26. THE PROSPECT. There is a brightness, a buoyancy, and a hopefulness in tho general situation such as we have not known for a considerable period. With brilliant skies and ripening breezes, a most bountiful harvest is being garnered in splendid condition, On thö continental horizon, the war-clouds which lowered so threateningly a few weeks ago, seem to be breaking up and letting through some gleams of sunlight. At home, the storms of politics have worn themselves out, the fights of fac- tion have yielded to the truce imposed by the dog-days, and the legislativo problem on which so many Ministries have been wrecked is happily solved at last. The Eeform Bill, the great work of tho session, and a monu- ment destined to mark the inauguration of a new epoch in English Parliamentary history, has passed through all its perils, received the Royal assent, and been annexed to the statute-book of the realm. On Wednesday last, the 21st, Parliament was prorogued by commission, and a general exodus from town forthwith took placo of such of our legis- lators as necessity or a sense of duty had kept toiling at tho oar to tho last. Her Majesty set the example by taking her departure for Balmoral, whilo the Prince and Princess of Wales took night- for Belgium and Germany. Our cities and large towns will now for a month or two send forth their myriads of health and plea- sure seekers, who will be found swarming mountains, moors, and sea-sido places. Daiing this early period of the recess, political heart- burnings will havo time to heal, and before the advent of another winter it is hoped that commercial activity and monetary confidence will experience a revival. THE LORDS AND THE REFORM BILL. By last month's mail the completion and passing of the bill by the lower branch of the Legislature, were reported, and at that date disquieting rumours wero alloat to the effect that important and vital modi- fications in the provisions of the measure were contemplated by the Lords. Lord Hali- fax announced his intention to assail the great defect of the Bill-the inadequacy of the scheme of re-distribution which it embodies, and on the motion to go into committee, he made a powerful and conclusive speech in favour of a further disfranchisement of small boroughs, and an apportionment of the septs so gained to populous towns and coun- ties. " Tho reason and facts wero irresistible : hut as no definite proposals were submitted in substitution for the provisions of the bill, the carrying of the amendment would have been but a barren triumph ; Government would have been thrown into confusion, and at that late period of the session a fatal breakdown might have been tho consß' quence. The abstract motion was ac- cordingly negatived by 100 to fifty-nine votes, solely on its demerits, and the bil1 passed into committee. LORD DERBY'S ILLNESS. It is unnecessary to particularise all the al terations that were proposed by the Peers ir the bill sent to them from the Commons, Most of these were changes in a Tory sonso, and some so vitally affecting the value of the bill that thero could be no hope of their en dorsement by tho people's representatives It was an unfortunate'circumstanco that ai this critical juncture tho Premier was in capacitated fiom attending tho House bj a violent attack of gout, and the manage mont of public business was cntrustec to the muddling Malmesbury, and í pretty mess he made of it. Elated bj this sudden accession to power, he playee high pranks in tho sight of gods and men. A month of his rôle would have ruined the party. He did and said all sorts of injudi cious things himself,.and permitted all sorti of imprudences to be committed by others One feature of the bill after another wai mutilated, the compiomises of the Common: were contemned, offensive amendments wen proposed and carried, and at one time fear wero rife that Mr. Disraeli's great masterpiece of legislative art would be utterly spoiled b; this noble bungler. Lord Derby at lengti could endmo it no longer. For several day he had fumed and fretted in his sid chamber ; at last, in defiance of the remon stronces and protests of his physicians, ho re solved to go down to the House, and se things in order there. His appearance wa like the apparition of a ghost, and ho wo warmly greeted by both sides of the House Eveiybody had had enougu.of Malinesburj and was glad to see the chief at the heh again. For several evenings tho pallid, er feebled, but brave earl was at his post, an his colleagues wero kept from the perpetn tion o| any further mischief during .the di bates on tho bill. THE NEW FRANCHISE. The more considerable changes introduce into the bill by the Lords were as follows : The copyhold franchise in counties wt raised from £3 to £10 ; tho lodger qualifie! tion was raised from £10 to £15 ; and it wt decided that in three-cornered boroughs an counties electors shall have only two votes thus leaving the third vote to the minorit; Tho adoption of voting papers, too, wi affirmed by an overwhelming majority, c the Marquis of Salisbury's motion ; and Loi Cairns, in opposition to the decision of ti Commons, succeeded in giving votes to ti undergraduates of Oxford and Cambridge, i lodgers, for the borough elections. Of the decisions, one-the raising of the lode franchise from £10 to £16-was rescinde hy the Loids themselves, just a week aft the alteiation was voted. The restoratie of the original figure was moved by Ea Russell, and was tarried without a divisio in the presence of Lord Derby. Thus did ti Premier compel his colleagues to bat ti leek. The details of the measure havir been finally settled on the 5th, the third rea ing was tuleen on tho following day. emerged from the Lords in cold but expre wye silence, and on being reintroduced to ti House of (Àmimons was hailed with cordi cheers. When it ¡B said that the Upp Chamber have actiuiesced in the Reform B: of 1867, all has been said that facts w justify. It would have been unreasonable expect any enthusiasm on the occasion. It enough that the Upper Ten Thousand we Milli cieritly wise in their generation to kno how and when to concede political privileg to tho masses demanded by the age. T head of the Government, who, under a sen of its urgency, has so vigorously faci rated the passage of the bill, regard his bantling without favour, and enjoyed 1 success without exultation. In his view, is a great experiment, the result of which maden m the future." Lord Derby, in pi nouncing something like a funeral orati rather than a pcean of triumph on parti with the bill, hoped that tho electoral body w woruiilyexercisetheùrecently'acquiredrigri and that all will turn out for the best. How ejvor, if it foils to fulfil the exaggerated expec- tations of many of its admirers, it has for a season rehabilitated tho Tory party. It has given them a furthor leaso of power ; and, as a sweot concomitant, has enabled them to use the expressivo phrase ascribed to the Premier -"to dish the Whigs." THE BILL IN THE COMMONS. ! On tho 8th inst. there was a larger assem- blage of members in the House of Commons than has been witnessed in the month of August for many years past. Tho telegraphic wires and the beneficent whip had been freely resorted to. The occasion was to take into consideration the amendments introduced by the Peers into the new Electoral Bill. Mr. Disraeli was unctuous winning in the ex treme. He eulogised the bill, and the mode in which patrician wisdom had condescended to deal with it ; and he called on the Houso of Commons to emulate their noble example -to bo in its turn dignified, prudent, conciliatory, cordial, and confiding-in other words, to accept the Lords' amend- ments. Although he thought tho direct re- presentation of minorities to be vicious, in principle, though Lord Derby had pronounced it to bo unconstitutional and mischievous, and though the House of Commons had con- demned by a largo majority in a full House, yet ho was wiDing to fdvo the principle a trial, and hoped the House would coincide in tho same viow. Then came the tug of war, in which ono amendment after another made by the Lords was swopt away. Tho payment or borough ns well as poors' rates as a qualifi- cation for the franchise-the lodger franchise as applied to University students-the in- crease of tho copyhold qualification in coun- ties from £5 to £10-and the use of voting papers for borough and county elections -were successively objected to and an- nulled. The great struggle took place on tho question of the future repiesentation of minorities ; and, happily, for once common sense and a sentiment of justice prevailed over political selfishness and vulgar prejudice. The onslaught was led by Mr. Bright, who displayed a great deal of bad tem- per at the prospect of Birmingham sending one Conservative and two Liberal members to Parliament. The extreme men thought that by this degraded suffrage bill a Radical representation would be secured to nearly all the large constituencies, to the swamping of the educated and propertied classes ; and now, finding that by this new-fangled de- vice of the political philosophers, the Con- servative classes aro still to have a third chance in certain large boroughs secured to them, these men and their organs are furious with disappointment and mean jealousy. Their conduct has made it abundantly clear to every candid observer that it is not a fair national representation which they are striving for, but an unfair one- sided class leprcsentation-and that class the most ignorant and unstable. The selfishness that would assign to 5,000 Liberal voters three representatives, while 4,000 Conservatives are doomed to perpetual disfranchisement, is almost sublime m its astounding impudence. It would be difficult to find any anomaly in the late electoral system moro ilagrant than this, which is so stoutly and almost savagely contended for by our self-styled Reformers. For once, to the honour of the House, Mr, Bright and his abettors signally failed. A majority of forty-nine in a very full House resolved to give the principle a trial on a limited scale, in eight counties and fivo boroughs. On Monday, the 12th, the bill, restored to its original proportions, exempt in the case of the proposal for the representation of minori- ties, was referred hack to the Peers for their final sanction. Under the guidance of Lord Derby, they acted with a wise discretion, and accepted the points insisted on by the Com- mons. Thus a collision was happily pre- vented, and the fruit of a laborious and anxious session was secured to tho country. But, although this Household Suffrage Bill is now the law of the land, and the house- holders aie constructively masters of the Bri- tish Empire, it will be some time before the new law comes into actual operation. One of tho clauses of the bul provides that in case of a dissolution before January 1, 18C9, it shall take place as if no alteiation had beon made in franchises or constituencies, thus protect- ing the House against a general election. "No Minister would dissolve," says the Spectator, ' ' in the face of a Reform Bill, in order that a Parliament should be elected without its operation, and therefore members are safe for sixteen months. Moreover, Mr, Disraeli is safe too, because he can, if pressed, threaten members not only with ono dissolu- tion, but with two dissolutions in a twelve- month-with a fine, that is, estimated at foin millions sterling. A cooler attempt to make Parliament independent of the nation ant] the Ministry of Parliament we do notremem ber. or a more conspicuous proof of the effeel which the inordinate expense of elections has in depraving tho tone of the House o: Commons." THE HYDE-PARK BILL. On the question of Hyde-park demonstra tions, the Government have been again de feated. It will bo remembered that, previous to the retirement of Mr. Walpole from thi Home Office, a bill had been prepared anc introduced which prohibited all assemblage! for political purposes in the Royal paiks. Fo: two months or more the bill was in abeyanco and it was generally thought that the subjac would be quietly allowed to drop. A fev weeks ago, however, Mr. Hardy intimatet that ho intended to press the measure throng! during the present session, whereupon th machinery of the league was set in operation and another ma3s meeting was held in th prohibited area. This menacing proceeding instead of dissolving the Home Secretary ii tears, roused his ire and indignation ; and instead of succumbing to the threats of i knot of mob orators, no vowed to pass th obnoxious act, and thus vindicate the dig nity and independence of the Government The attendance in the House was growin thinner and thinner, and Mr. Hardy cou! well command a majority of two to one in it favoui ; but a number of Radical member formed themselves into a sort of Swiss Guard resolved to defend by every means in thei power tho so-called right of tho people t overawe and terrify the ruling classes. The gave Mr. Hardy distinct notice that the would use every advantage afforded by th forms of the House to drive the bill int next session. They wero as good as thei word. All tho well-known zealots of the extreme party combined to talk on tho bill. On the first day they succeede in their, tactics, and when the hou of adjournment arrived, Mr. Hardy ar nounced that the bill should bo take again on the following day, and the da alter that, till it was carried. He could play the game of obstinacy as well as they On the next occasion, however, he withdrcw the first clause, which prohibited public meet ings in the parks, thus reducing it to a mere regulation bill, the penalty of violating its provisions being raised from 40s. to £5. Bl no concession of this kind was calculated 1 appease the clamorous Radicals ; indeed, was interpreted as a sign of weakness and in decision. The talking, reinforced by ti redoubtable Whalley, went on ; and so M Hardy took a division to save his dignity, an being victorious, threw up the billinpeti lance and disgust. These friends of ti people aro labouring hard to make all goveri incut contemptible and impossible. THE REFORM LEAGUE. Although the object aimed at by this ovgai isation has been attained, it was too much to expect that it would submit to voluntai dissolution. As its leaders consist of a rust of ambitious agitators, some pretext must 1 found for maintaining the vulgar notoriety they have achieved by street demonstration Hyde-park riots, and repeated open defiance of Government. The council according proclaims its intention to live on and keep the country in a state of political turmoil and social discord. Tho electoral millennium will not be complete till the protection of ti ballot'has been conceded, and so that right inscribed prominently on their programme for the new campaign, and we may look forward to 'another series of monster gatherings in tho aristocratic suburbs of London, with tho view of intimidating Parliament into the crowning concession, The league endeavor to fortify their decision by parading tho coun sel of two emincnt radicals (Messrs. Bright and Mill) relative to their future policy. The member for Birmingham repeats his advice that a vigorous agitation should be com- menced in favour of vote by ballot, which he believes " would, lessen expenses at elections, greatly diminish corruption, destroy the odious system of intimidation which now so extensively prevails, and make the House of Commons a more complete representation of the opinions and wishes of the electoral body. Unquestionably, the most disquieting consideration in relation to the new Re form Bill, is the prospect it opens of in- creased bribery and corruption. Mr. Mill recommends the league to look after the registration, and to promote a closer union between the " advanced Liberals of all shades," whose mutual co-operation will be specially needful at the first general election under the new act. " SHOOTING NIAGARA-AND' AFTER," Under this sensationrl title, Mr. Thomas Carlyle has written in Macmillan's Magazine for the present month a thoroughly charac- teristic paper on the probable effects of the Reform Bill, and the calamitous issues of the general democratic tendencies of the times. The gloomy vaticinations of tho Chelsea prophet havo been criticised by al- most every daily and weekly journal, and the sentiments announced have been almost uni- versally condemned ; and yet, amidst much extravagance, theie is a largo substratum of solemn and neglected truth in this latter-day deliverance. THE DREGS OF PARLIAMENT. Among the latest and least creditable per- formances of the Lords was the throwing out of the Church-rate Abolition Bill, by a majo- rity of 82 against 24 votes. They could not consent to unconditional repeal. Before rising, the Archbishop of Canterbury was able to announce to the House that the Royal Commission on Ritualism had agreed upon its first report, dealing mainly with the ques-, tion of eucharistie vestments; and The Times states its belief tliat a majority of the com- missioners condemn these innovations as illegal and inexpedient, and advise that they should be prohibited. Thi3 is unexpected good news. The bill for tho increase of the episcopate, after having been so {metamor phosised in the Lower House as to destroy its value to the Church, was dropped in disgust. The House of Lords havo decided to give up the use of proxies. The power fs to be re- tained, but the practice abolished, as inexpe- dient. In the Commons, members did not separate without expressin" some strong opinions re- lative to the culpability bf several of the high Indian officials in the Orissa famine affair, The dispensation of whitewash was outspo- kenly condemned. Another Indian scandal, too-the shameful treatment of Captain Jer- vis, the victim of the viudictiveness of Sir W. Mansfield and his haughty wife-has en- grossed considerable attention ; any good re- sults to the sufferer, however, are at present problematical. The Indian budget expounded by Sir S. Northcote showed a heavy deficit, and imposed new duties. Mr. Ayrton took oc- casion to propound a scheme for improving the government of India, and especially the pro- vince of Bengal. Mr. Mill reopened the whole nues tion of theNeutralityLaws,|and contended for our retention of the power to seize the property of our enemies, even in neutral vessels. And Mr. Layard has found an oppor- tunity of reviving discussion on the law affecting the extradition of criminals.. An act for the regulation of the heavy traffic passing through the streets of. London has survived corporation obstructiveness, and passed. The bill providing for control of agricultural gang-masters has been postponed ; but the Factory Acts Extension Bill, which provides for the well-being of a million and a half of people, has been carried through suc- cessfully. And tho great Gun question was illustrated by a variety of fresh facts by Major 'Anson on tho 13th inst. The cost of our now artillery is perfectly startling. NEW POSTAL ARRANGEMENTS WITO THE EAST. Considerable disquietude has lately been evinced in regard to the pending postal arrangements between England and her Eastern dependencies. It has been rumoured that Government were not indisposed to give the contract wholly or in part to a French company, provided the -terms were morej ad- vantageous than those proposed by the P. and 0. Company. This anxiety found such frequent expression by Parliamentary inter- rogation and by tho press, that the Colonial Secretary and the Postmaster-General havo been compelled, very reluctantly as it ap- peared, to offer certam reassuring pledges to tho public previous to the prorogation. The Duke of Montrose, iii .the Upper House, remarked that " a very curious idea "had got abroad, that in following out the recommendations of the late Postal Committee, we intended to give up the con- trol of the postal communication with India, and to throw it entirely into the hands of foreign governments." This his grace pro- nounced an entire and gratuitous mistake. Such an idea never entered his mind, nor that of any member of the Government. Ue might be willing, under some circumstances, to avail himself of the services of the Messageries Imperiales, as ave do at present ; but these are only supplementary arrange- ments associated with the boats under our control. The Duke of Buckingham, in his remarks to the House of Lords, was not so explicit or satisfactory. The Go- vernment evidently want to exercise some pressure upon the P. and 0. Company, and by a show of independence and indifference keep down the forthcoming tenders for the i renewed service. Some of our papers most vehemently protest against the contract going into tho hands of any foreign company, even though tho conditions appear to be moro favouiablo to the nation. If wo failed to keep up our oavn means of communication avith the East, our position in case of war with France would be disastrous in the extreme. Freo trade and open competition, it is contended by the Daily News, will not do here. The risks aro too perilous. In regard to tho proposals for- warded by the Intercolonial Congress for a more completo system, the Duke of Bucking- ham intimated that they wero under the examination of the Government. On a subsequent occasion, in reply to a question from Mr. Laird, it was stated by Mr. Hunt that the contract for carrying the China and Australian mails would terminate on the 2nd February next, and consequently the House would have no opportunity of expres- sing an opinion on a new contract till after that contiact had been made. The Peninsular and Oriental Company had expressed their wil- lingness to continue the contract for six months longer on being paid an additional 10s. I per mile, terms which the Government thought so exorbitant that they could not accede to them. There was great misconcep- tion as to any arrangement with the Mes- sageries Imperiales for the carrying of the China mails. All the Government ever con- templated was to cony out the recommenda- tions of the select committee on the subject. It was never intended to hand over the whole of the service, not only for China but for India, to the French company. Government thought, however, that they might avail themselves of the French company, which peiformed the service once a month, giving tlio French Government the benefit of our service on the alternate fortnight. Com- menting on this unsatisfactory state of affairs, the Spectator says :-"It seems by no means impossible that avhafc with the greedi- ness of the P. and 0., the parsimony of the Indian Treasury, which ought to remombor the great increase in soldiers' letters carried for almost nothing on exclusively Indian ser- vice, and thelavishness of tho French Go- vernment, this great line of communication may next year be temporarily disorganised, a state of affaire which will cost our Asiatic trade more in a month than tho whole sum in dispute." MUTTON FOR THE MILLION. Early in the month there appoared in the city article of The Times, a paragraph an- nouncing the establishment of a joint-stock company in Australia for the purpose of boil- ing down into tallow 10,000 sheep a week. Many persons who read the statement felt that such a waste of valuable food, for which myriads in these islands long and long in vain, was shameful, if not wicked ¡ but the general feeling was that of languid incredulity. On tho following day Tlve,T'vtnes devoted a leader to tho subject, in which the condition of us poor Londoners is compared with that of Tantalus-abundance and superfluity before our eyes, but ever eluding our craving lips. This antipodal waste would suffice to supply tho three millions of the metropolis with mutton nearly three days in every week ; and tho writer proceeds to snow of what immense value such a supply would be to the health and lives of our poor and struggling classes, who can rarely procure a joint of meat at its present famine prices. "Tho food which is life here is in Australia a superfluity. Never, it would seem, was there a clearer in- stance of the law by which one part of the world is fitted to supply the wants of another. But the wise provision of Na- ture is defeated by the stupidity of man, and 10,000 sheep a week, instead of regenera- ting the poor of London, are boiled down into tallow. Nature, of course, avenges her- self upon us ; and because thousands of sheep are wasted in Australia, thousands of men and women perish of premature decay in London and the other great towns of Eng Ian. Such a story reads like a cruel reproach to modern science." And the writer only ex- presses the anxious inquiry of hosts of heads of families when he asks whether nothing can he done to bring this superfluity of meat to the hungry mouths of the English people. " Tho attempts hitherto made have been sufficiently successful to convince us that success is within our reach. Tho task is doubtless difficult, for there are prejudices as well as natural ob- stacles to be overcome. The poor are particularly suspicious of strange food, and unless the meat is brought over in a per- fectly natural form, it may be long before they will trust it. But the task will be ac- complished if men of science will but lend to it1 the same thought and energy they bestowed upon the Atlantic cable. No subject could be more worthy of their attention. Success would make tho difference of health and disease- almost of life and death-to thou- sands, if not millions, in this country} and in other parts of Europe. If once achieved, there need no longer be any anxiety as to our supplies of animal food. There are parts of the world adapted for maintaining vast herds of cattle and sheep, and adapted for no other purpose, and from these the more densely populated countries might he permanently supplied with sustenance." So far The Times. A subject of so much importance having been thus broached, a correspondence naturally followed. Unfortunately, however, the writers wero chieflv concerned in puffing certain companies which they represented, and in depreciating rival concerns. The first correspondent, signing himself a " Father of Young Ravens," suggested a plan for pro serving Australian meat for export which is worthy of serious attention. He asks-' ' Why cannot tho leg of mutton be treated as the York curer treats the leg of a pig? A York ham, which keeps for a year, is simply rubbed with salt and coarse sugar, left in that condition on straw for three weeks or so, and then painted or brushed over with rather strong lime-water-in fact, white- washed. A Yorkshire gentleman tells me that his hams, cured in this manner, lasted good, and were fragrant when cooked, for nearly tlnee years. A few years ago American hams were sold in the villages of England, and yielded a profit to the retailer at about fivepence per pound. Surely a mutton ham could be brought from Australia and sold at the same price-for consider tho wool !" The secretary of the Australian Meat Com- pany, of which Messrs. M'Call and Co. are the wholesale agents, wrote to The Times to mention that they have been steadily at work for the past year-that their sales aro gradually increasing, and now amount to about 30,0001b. per month-and 'that at tho present time they are killing on their esta- blishment at Ramornie, Clarence River, New South Wales, about fifteen, bullocks per day. The best half of each carcase is, it is said, sent to London as boiled beef, and the other half is made into Liebig's extract of meat. The latter part of this letter, referring to Liebig's extract of meat, brought forth Mr. Charles Rotter, secretary of another and of course the only genuine com- pany. "My company," he wrntes, "use the term ' eztractum carnisLiebig' to designate the article manufactured by my company in South America under Baron von Liebig's special instructions, and afterwards examined and approved by him before it is sold to the public. No other company or person holds his permission to make use of his name to designate extract of meat." And Mr. Rotter goes on to say that by his company " only the best parts of meat" are used in manufactur- ing the extract. The manager of the Aus- tralian Meat Company replied, complain- ing of having been misquoted in reference to " inferior joints ;" claiming to be in pos- session of a letter from the Baron, re- ferring me to his own' instructions and formula for making extract of meat ;" and complaining that selfish attempts should be made by parties connected with South America to suppress the manu- facture of this article in other quarters of tho world. A further communication ap- peared from the consignees of Liebig's extract of meat, prepared by Mr. R. Tooth, of Sydney, vindicating that article from Mr. Rotter's strictures, and stating that in the manufacture no reservation of the best joints for export is made. A general rejoinder from Mr. Rotter, on the 14th, closed the controversy, The Times re- fusing to insert any further letters, the writers being so obviously bent on eulogising their respective firms, to the disparagement of their rivals. The discussion, however, is not to ho regretted. It has shown the publie that a movement in the right dhection has com- menced. But surely there is no need for these miseiable jealousies ; there is ample scope for the enterprise of a score of companies ; but it is not so much extract of meat, as mutton hams and whitewashed rounds of beef that are wanted in these lands. » I THE TICHBORNE IIEIR. . Thp case of the Australian claimant of the Tichborne title and estates carno before tho .chief clerk, at the Vice-Chancellor's cham- bers, on the 13th inst. The summonses wero taken out on tho part of the defendants, who required further time to answer the bill. The interrogatives wero stated to be of con- siderable length and the proceedings very voluminous. It was also stated that counsel badi the documents before him, and it would take some timo to prepare the answer, and there was no urgent necessity in tho. long vacation to urge on the matter. It was sug- gested that one month's time would do, and it was opposed as useless, it being ruled that it would take counsel that timo to wade through the document. In answer, it was ruled that plaintiff had had eight months to prepare his case, and could not easily object to two months' timo in the long vacation. The chief clerk granted six weeks, and should it bo necessary a further application for timo could-be made. TROOPS FROM NEW ZEALAND. There have been three arrivals of troops from New Zealand since the last mail. The right wing of the 57th Regiment reached the Mersey on the 30th of July, in the Maori, and were despatched to Manchester, where they are to be stationed. A few days later the Electra arrived at Liverpool with the left wing and head-quarters of the same regi- ment, and proceeded forthwith to the same destination. And on the 14th the troop-ship England anchored in Plymouth Sound, bring- ing soldiers belonging to the 12th Regiment, and several officers attached to other bat- talions. These troops are to be quartered in Plymouth Citadel. The right wing of the 12th is on its way in the Mary Sheppard, which has been compelled to put into Bahia to repair damages. TRADES UNIONISM DISCREDITED. The cause of trade unionism is decidedly under an eclipse. Its recent developments have had a very unfavourable effect upon the public mind ; several of its injudicious apolo- gists have been compelled to eat the leek and retire humiliated; and not a few earnest advocates of its principles have been con- strained to rebuke the conduct of some of its adherents. It is losing ground in all quarters. The-report of Mr. Overend and his colleagues on the results of the Sheffield outrage, in vestigations has appeared. After some pro liminai y remarks, the evidence is summarised, and the report thus concludes:-"We have now given an outline of all the cases of im- portance which were submitted to us for in- vestigation. Mr. Thomas Thorpe, managing clerk to Mr. Albert Smith, clerk to tho magistrates for the West Riding of York- shire and borough of Sheffield, prepared for us a list of cases supposed to be connected with trade unions, and which had been brought before the justices within the last ten years. It comprised, in addition to the outrages mentioned in this report, 166 cases of rattening, and twenty-one cases of sending threatening letters. A very small proportion, however, of the persons rattened gave information either to the police or the justices. Most of the outrages we have investigated were brought before the justices, and although in several cases large rewards have been offered for tho detection of tho perpetrators, the offenders have, with two or three exceptions, remained unknown up to the period of the inquiry. We believe that there are about sixty trade unions in Shef- field, of which thirteen have promoted or encouraged outrages within tho meaning of the Trade Unions Commission Act, 1867. We have to report that there has not occurred within the last ten years any act of intimida- tion, outrage, or wrong promoted, encou- raged, or connived at by any association of employers. We point to the year 1859 as the one in which outrage was most rife, and we notice with pleasure that it has diminished since that time. During the course of our investigation, matters connected with trade unions (such as the number of apprentices allowed to each workman, and the class from which they may bo taken, the remuneration of labour, the restraints exercised upon voluntary action, and tho rules and -general policy of trade unions) have frequently been brought before our notice. These, however, nre questions for the consideration of the Royal Commission sitting in London, and we puiposely avoid making any observations upon them. At the commencement of our inquiry, and frequently during tho couisoof it, we explained the provisions of the Trndo Unions Commission Act, 1807, with regard to the powers conferred on us of granting certi- ficates of indemnity to witnesses who should by their evidence inculpate themselves. Wo aie convinced that the most material disclo- sures made to us were so made in reliance on our promise of indemnity, mado in confor- mity avith tho act of Parliament. Had-no such indemnity been offered, we are satis- fied that we should never have obtained any clear and conclusive evidence touching the most important subjects of our inquiry, and that the system of crime which has now been disclosed, as well as the perpetrators, would have remained undiscovered ; we have, thero fore, granted certificates to all witnesses whom we believe to have made a full and true disclosure of all offences in which they have been implicated." PROFESSOR BEESLY. Professor Becsly, who so ilagrantly dis- graced himself last month by his intemperate vindication of the Sheffield Thugs, has bowed to Hie rod of correction and been forgiven. Yet he escaped expulsion from his honourable post at University College "so as by fire." The prostitution of his influential position to so odious a causo as that of trade vengeance excited strong disgust and indignation ; but the Council took a merciful view of the case, and agieed to retain the professor's services. May he prove himself in the future a aviser, if a sadder man. These pro- fessors, strangely enough, seem to have an irresistible pentftant for the advo- cacy of desperate causes, and the cham- pionship of disreputable clients. During the month, Professor Thompson, of the Queen's College, Dublin, has been obliged to express contrition for some extravagantly seditious letters, published in the Daily Netos and Scotsman? in justification ofFenianism. On withdrawing tho obnoxious sentiments, and professing his horror and detestation of tho language ho had so thoughtlessly used, his offence has been condoned by the authori- ties. THE PRESS AND THE TRADES UNIONS. Some of our journalists who had gone the whole animal for trades unionism were greatly enraged during the progress of tho Sheffield investigations because The Times and other papers charged upon these indus- trial organisations full responsibility for the hellish atrocities brought to light. Such im- putations were denounced as malignant, and as deliberately designed to preju dice the unions in the public mind. These writers fought fiercely and savagely for the purity and lamb-like innocence of their pet associations. Broadhead was a mon- ster fit only for the gallows, whose villanies would make him shunned and execrated by every working man, except his accomplices. And so on, and so on ; and every reader wished most heartily that these apolo- getic representations might prove true. But even before the close of the com- mission there were symptoms unmistak- able of a, deep-seated sympathy with and admiration for Broadhead and his fellow murderers ; and, as time passes on, that mor- bid and dangerous feeling acquires strength and more shameless expression, The assassin in-chief is regarded as a hero and a martyr. A few weeks since a gala took place at Swin- ton, and among the attractions of the occa- sion it was intimated in the poster that " Mr. Wm. Broadhead, of Sheffield, was expected on the cricket-ground each day." It having been repented that Broadhead had been re- admitted a member of the Saw-Grinders' Union, a meeting was convened by the London Trades Council, at which reso- lutions were passed expressing astonish- ment that Broadhead and Crookes were still retained in membership, and an- nouncing a determination to hold no com- munication with that union. This attitude of the trade towards them led the saw grinders to consider their position, and make their election between the alliance of their brethren throughout the, country and tho company of murderers. They met, delibe- rated, and made their final choice-and they have chosen to stand by these miscreants, as confessed accomplices in their deeds. Tho Daily News, for once, is fairly ashamed of its clients, and records this decision with " profound regret." " The social cancer at Sheffield," it says, " is deeper than any of us had supposed. Of all tho heathens to whom we send missionaries, none more need to be converted than these union sawgrinders. Living in the bosom of a Chris- tian society, they are a set of Thugs. Nobody has ever painted them blacker than they have now painted themselves. They have made their own position, and it is their own fault that henceforth they must be shunned lUke lepers by all who are not as depraved and reprobate as themselves." At their meetiug, on the 13th inst., they resolved, first, that as the examiners' report treated the society as accomplices, they declined going into any justification of the outrages, " beyond asserting that they are but the effects of a cause-the want of some properly regulated legislative measures, binding men to what is honourable, just, and good"-of course in the sawgrinders' sense. "We, therefore," ¡they add, " considering well our present posi- tion, decline to disgrace ourselves as cowards by deserting the men who have taken upon themselves the task of risking their lives and their liberties for what they believed to be tho good of the institution, and whose acts the examiners have placed to tho account of the whole society, as well as to the actual perpetrators and accessories," They then repudiate as libellous the notion that Broad- head has been reinstated," inasmuch as he never was expelled. So we know now what we have to expect. If the Legislature declines to enact laws enforcing their trade rules-the cause still being in operation, rattening, out- rage, and murder will again follow, as the in evitable "effects." SYMPATHY WITH BROADHEAD. Nor is this worship of " Broadheadism" con- fined to the true church of the sawgrinders. Outside the pale of the union there is a dis oignnized "horde of wandering sheep, known as non-unionists. It struck some of these hero-worshippers that if tho great shep herd were disavowed by his former supporters, it would be a grand thing to form a new association, and invite tho deposed king to rule over them. Accordingly, on Broadbead's return from the meeting of tho 13th,'a deputation was found awaiting him, to offer their homage to his greatness, and cn treat him to devote his talents to the forma- tion and working of a new society. All this must have been immensely gratifying to the hero of unionism. But. unfortunately, never having abdicated, or been deposed, he was unable to accept tho newly-offered crown of honour and power. He gave the admiring deputies some good advice, and dismissed them. THE ENGINE-DRIVERS AND FIREMEN. Meanwhile, tho condition of the engino drivers and firemen lately in the employ of the North-Eastorn Railway is pitiable in tho extreme, Upwards of 600 men, the victims of the memorable strike of tho 10th of April last, are virtually starving. Of the 1,600 men w]»o turned out on that day, in obdience to orders from head-quarters, some few havo re- sumed wo¡k on the line ; a larger number have been absorbed into other occupations, though atinfci ior wages, butupwai ds of COOstiil remain unemployed. The trade contribu- tions towards their support aro gradually failing ; and in view of the hopelessness of their position, a fund has been started to enable these victims of trade unionism to emigrate to the United States, or to British North America. A LOCK-OUT IN AMERICA. An American correspondent informs us that what was known as the "Pitts- burgh Lock-out," which, sinco January lost, has closed nearly aU tho iron-mills 'at Pitts- burgh , in. Pennsylvania, and has kept 7,000 iron-workers out of employment, has been brought to an end by a compromiso between the iron-mas- ters and tho labourers. This oompro.miso embraces a concession on both sides, not only as to wages, but as to other questions on which there was dispute. The employers offered the compromise long before the men accepted it, and the latter held out as long as they could. Being reduced to tho most ab- ject poverty, however, and finding that tho mUlowners wera importing labourers from Europe, the men finally yielded. Besides other heavy losses entailed upon Pittsburgh by this lock-out from the almost entire sus- pension of its iron trade for sovenmonths, an in- terest in which it has a capital of 37,70O,000dol. invested, it is estimated that the labourers themselves havo lost, in tho wages withheld from them, tho sum of 2,!)82,000dol. The difficulty being ended, the mills are generally resuming operations. FAILURE OF TRADES UNIONS. Similar intelligence of the caving in of unionism comes from the colliery districts of Derbyshire. In the South Derbyshire coal- field there are 500 men still locked out, as tho result of the dispute in February last. Tho masters will permit them to resume work only on condition that they secede from the Miners' Association. This they have hitherto refused to do, In the Stavely district unionism is almost stamped out ; and the non unionists, encouraged by their employers, have started a powerful Free Labour Association, which is already making head against the opposition, threats, and sanguinary menaces for a time levelled against its promoters and members. Industry is thriving once more, wages are rising, and prosperity is resuming its sway in a district for months cursed and terrorised by a species of Broadheadism. i THE TAILORS' STRIKE. The tailors' strike, which has lasted four months, shows no sign of settlement. The masters arc resolved not to give way, and the season being now quite over, tho services of the turnouts can bo very well dispensed with. The men hove over-shot their mark; and long ere the winter business commences their places will havo been satisfactorily filled. They offer to resume work on-certain modi fied conditions, but the fact is, only they are loth to realiso it, the masters will not have them again as unionists on any torms. The picketing system, which thoy have so irrita tingly and potinaciously reso)ted to, has thoroughly alienated the sympathy of those who . once wished well to their cause, and widened the hicaoh between thom and tboir former employers. The perfidy of the leaders" in violating a .solemn promiso to suspend picketing, made lost month before the ma- gistrate, has also deepened tho public dis- gust. When the " conspirators" ogainbt cer- tain master tailors were brought up again the othe»r day before Mr. Knox, they were severely lectured on their baseness ¡ and on being bound over to take their trial at the next sessions, instead of being allowed to go at IttTge as befoio on their own recogni- sances, they were ordeied to find sub- stantial bail. There was ono point put foi ward, said Mr, Knox, namely, that the defendants were going to tho Old Bailey to try a matter of dry right. Fiom this viow ho totally dissented. Tho dofondants liad either broken the law or not. If they had broken tho law, a certain meosuro of punish- ment would bo meted out to each. It was not, therefore, a question of dry right. Should the defendants beforo him bo convicted, they would probably be off to America, and ho should thereforo insist on good bail. The trial took placo on the 22nd, and in spite of all the special pleading of ablo counsel, the prisoners were convicted ; but, with one exception, they wero dismissed without punishment, on the promise of tho Tailors' Association that the system of pic- keting should cease. In Paris, six operative tailors have been brought beforo the Correctional Tribunal charged with being members of an association consisting of more than twenty persons, not authorised by law. Tho prisoners were fined SOOf. each, and tho socioty was dissolved. In Scotland, conferences of both masters and operative tailors, each in thoir separate capacity, havo been held during the month, and the decisions arrived at aro likely to lead to a speedy rupture between tho two classes. The employers aro awakening to a sense of their danger, and are combining to resist and overthrow tho organised tyranny of their work-people, who, as puppets, are compelled to obey the mot d'ordre issued from head quarters. \- THE COLONIAL CnUllCII. It is stated that, after maturo considera- tion, tho Rev, W. J. Dampier, vicar of Coggeshall, Essox, hns declined tho arch- deaconry of Grafton, New South Wales. The lev. gentleman does not, therefoio, proposo to go out with tho Bishop of Grafton and Armitîalc, although ono of his daughters will accompany tho bishop in tho capacity of a deaconess. TRANSPORTATION. The extreme difficulty of disposing of our criminals has led to a suggestion for the re- vival of transportation. The subject was mooted at a mooting of Middlesex magis- trates lately, and a committeo was appointed to consider and report upon it. "HONOUR TO WHOM nONOUR IS DUE." Honours and dignities havo fallen in a smart shower during the past month. Tho honour of knighthood has been conferred on Mr. Mitchell, of shipping celobrity ; on Mr. Al- derman Rose, who was Lord Mayorat tho timo of the Prince's wedding ; on tho two present sheriffs, Watériowand Lycett; mid on Mr. J. J. Mantell, late chief justice on tho Gambia ; while the dignity of a baronetcy has fallen to the lot of the present Lord Mayor, Mr. Thos. Gabriel. THE REV. T. BINNEY. Tho friends of the Rev. 'P. Binney will be glad to loam ho has so far recovored from a latel accident that on Sunday, tho 4th inst., ho was ablo to preside at tho communion ser- vice, and delivered a most admirablo address. Mr. Binney stated that a few particulars of his recent abspiico (which had been pro ti acted exactly four months) would no doubt be interesting to tho members, and mentioned that his severo accident was occasioned by a don suddenly startling his ¡nulo, which immediately reared up, and threw him ncavily on his back, by which ho was much injured. Ho was still unable to stand for any length of time, and therefore prevented from taking the full service, but that he was again going from home for a month or six weeks, and hoped the perfect rest would render him ablo on his return once more to conduct the morning service. Mr. Binney also mentioned as a singular fact that previously to his severo accident he had been suffering from great mental depression and lassitude, hut that this had now entirely disappeared, and that ho felt much better than for several months past, Mr. Binney looked tolerably well, though his appearance was somewhat altered by his white beard, which _gavo him a moro vcnorablo aspect, but Ids voice was clear and impressive, and ho mentioned his great thankfulness that after a pastoiate of thirty-eight years he was onco more permitted to preside ovor his attached church and congregation. THE CONTINENTAL DIFFICULTY. The great foreign event of tho month has been the meeting of the Emperors Napoleon and Francis Josoph at Salzburg. Rightly or wrongly, this conjuncture is regarded as a portend of war. Officially interpreted, tho visit of the French Emperor and Empress to the Imperial pair of Austria was simply for the purpose of expressing thoir condolence and sympathy with tho latter under tho terrible afllictions which havo fallen upon them in connexion with tho unfortunate Mox ican enterprise, thechief responsibility of which public opinion persists in fastening upon tho French ruler. This undoubtedly was one ob- ject of tho meeting ; but tho circumstance of each sovereign having been accompanied by two or three confidential ministers, who hold several conferences with each other, proves conclusively that business of a far more mo- mentous character brought the Imperial brethren together. The meeting gathers sig- nificance from what preceded it. Early in the month great excitement was stirred both in France and Germany by the rumour that a somewhat peremptory note had been addressed to the Prussian Govern- ment by tho French Foreign Minister On the non-fulfilment of the Treaty ot Prague in respect of the Danish section of North Schleswig. The statement was denied hy the Paris official organs, and reiterated by tho Berlin press, which spoko in a resent- ful and offensively defiant tono of the im- pertinence of French interference with their internal affairs. Ultimately, after a good_ deal of discreditable fencing, it avas admitted that a "despatch" had been "read"-not a "note presented"-on tho subject. Evory attempt was mado to lull apprehension ; but in spite of all the elaborate peaceful assurances of tho semi-official organs, the gravest alarm spread itself thioughout Europe. Accounts avoro published at ^the same timo with respect to the extraordinary activity visible in Franco throughout tho military departments ; and. for a week or two it avos feared that war would break out during the present autumn. On a calmer consideration of the position, hoavever, it avas seen that such headlong pre- cipitancy in plunging into a tori ide war with all Germany was not characteristic of Napoleon. Ile certainly would not fight without an ally or'aUies, and at that time Franco, militarily considered, stood absolutely alone in Europe. Russia certainly would not fight against Prussia ; Italy, just smarting with irritation at, the affair of the Antibes Legion, could scarcely bo counted on for neutrality, much less -for hostilo action, against her lato ally ; while the disposition of Austria was un- certain, and her preparation to toke the field was still moro questionable. Shoulel tho gigantic wrestlo with Noithorn Germany, however, be a'cntured on, somo powerful and sympathetic ally must be had ; and it is uni- versally believed that the great objoct of Napoleon in seeking the recent inter view with tho Kaiser was to secure his co-operation in tho contemplated war to curb Prussian aggressiveness, and to prevent the other wise inevitable absorption of tho South Ger- man states in tho new Teutonic empire. In tho latter object Austria will necossarily feol as much interest as France. France dreads tho overwhelming preponderance and pres- sure of a united Germany on hor frontier, and Austria is in danger^ of losing all hor German subjects by their irresistible attrac- tion towards follow members of a kindred raca under a neighbouring rulo. Shall thoso two poavers, then, unite for tho purpose of striving to avert what otborwiso seems to bo inevitable? NAPOLEON AT SALZBURG. Has Napoleon boen successful? Has ho won over, the Kaiser, and Baron von Beust, and the Hungarian Premier lo his views and wishes ? Who shall say ? We only know at present avhat wo are told hythe inspiiod concoctors of the telegrams which haa'e been whizzing about Europe. Tho language of tho two emperors towards each othor," says tho Moniteur, "has been most affectionate, and their interviews havo beon of a particularly intimate and cordial nature. " The ** views of the two sovereigns as to the Eastern question aie saiel entirely to coincide." One of tho " chief objects of the understanding arrivod at between tho two emperors is to pro vent South Germany from governing tho North German Confederation." The cm peiors intend to invite tho othor powers of Europe to join in an agreement " the basis of which avili bo the maintenance of the Treaty of Prague." If theso statements re picsent the truth, it is clear that Napoleon intends to moko the temporary division of Germany established by the Treaty of Prague a pcimancnt basis of his policy. "On the whole,"says t\xa Spectator, ''wo inclino to tho belief that tho telegrams aio in tho main truo ; ana if truo, they bode no good to tho permanent pcaco of the world. Two very con sideiable empires, one admittedly strong, one porbaps stronger than it is for the moment be- lieved to be, aro united in thoresolvo to arrest a movement which has almost tho forco of a convulsion of nature, tho movomentof tho Germanic people towards unity. Already enough of that unity has been accomplished to render resistance dangerous, and it may at any moment becomo almost hopeless. Hesso, it is perfectly understood, must obey any summons from Dollin. Thopeoploof Wurt emburg havo announced, within tho lost fortnight, in an informal Parliament of notables, that they intend to join the North, to concede to her, in their own words, an un- divided military control. Tho Bavarian Ministry have prevented their king from visiting Salzburg by an expression of opinion which amounts to an exerciso of moral co- ercion. In a fow months tho South, which is fretting under its isolation, will be enthu- siastic for union, and then Count von Bismarck must either risk a great war, or givo up the dieam of his and his master's life. Is he likely to fear tho risk? Ho stated in Parliament, immediately after Sadowa, that he expected it. that Prussia was prepared foi it, and that ho hoped to keep tho annexa- tions Prussia had acquired with tho sword. He either has secured St. "Petersburg, as Con- tinental statesmen believe, or ho can securo St. Petersburg by offering aid to the south- east, and avith that alliance an attack oven, from Franco and Austria need not look too formidable to bo risked. At any rate, unless ho risks it, he may give up all hopo of uniting Gonnany, and there is no íeason to sup- pose1 that avith a stake so enormous ho will hesitate to take up good cards. His real opponent will bo Franco, and to France under an Empire, with a Sovereign who cannot select the best Genoral lest he thereby promoto a rival, avith an army doubtful if it be well led, and a people de- moralised by eighteen years, of servitude, he opposes an army oqually great, fully confident in its leaders, commanded by men whoso vic- tories help to cement the monarchy, and sup- ported by a people young in spirit, drilled to perfection, and filled with the hopo of reach- ing a visibly attainable goal. Wo seo no clear reason why Count von Bismarck should falter, and yet if ho does not falter ho comes straight athwart the Napoleonicbasis of pcaco, a Germany cleft in tavo by a contemptible river. He moy of course dolay, may occupy these paonthsiuconciliatingllanovorand those» in reorganising tho south, may oven think it better to wait a possiblo revolution in Paris which might spare him all anxiety, but sooner or later, if Napoleon remains upon the throne, and tho Papacy docs not regain ita hold on Munich, tho conflicting ideas must clash with a claug that avili reverberate throughout tho avorld. And, looking to the disturbance tho armed pcaco creates, the necofsities of Napoleon and tho difficulty of restraining national enthusiasm both in Gorm any and in France, wo can by no means believe that tho interval, tho moment of hushed breath, will bo protracted. It is not the interest of Napoleon to protract it bo yond the spring, and ho can at any moment inquire why Prussia, bound by the Treaty of Prague, is fortifyingVMayence with iron plates.'1 *( '>,_ ). ^/^.v? GENERAL DUMONT'S MISSION"' TO j" t' ROME. Early in the month a serious difference, amounting almost to arupture, arose between the French and Italian Governments. Gene- ral Dumont having been requested by tho French War Minister to inquire into tho state of the Antibes .Legion at Rome, the desertions from which were incessant, told tho mon on his' own authority that they stiU bolongod to the French army, and said something which implied that, in tho event of disturbances, Prance might return to Rome. The speech, as reported, created immense excitement. M. Battazzi took the subject up very warmly, and forwarded a despatch to Paris, said to have contained a distinct threat of war if any such return wero attempted. The French Govern- ment mado explanations, and disavowed General Dumont. Signor Nigra, the Italian Ambassador, was called homo from Paris to give information, and for a season it was doubtful whether ho would be aUowed to return to his post. Just as the suscepti- bilities of the Italians wore being soothed, a letter was pubhshed from Marshal Niel to Count d'Argy, tho colonel of the Antibes Legion, in which occur many ex- pressions which go far to justify those who maintain that the conditions under which the legion was formed constitute a violation of the September Convontion on the part of France. It is said that Rattazzi bos' demanded a revision of the Convontion. Tho Italian Premier has Napoleon at a dis- advantage just now. On the first symptom of hostility or perfidy on the part of France, Battazzi would slip tho leash which now holds in Garibaldi ond his volunteer bands, who havo for weeks been in readiness to rush upon Rome ; while the threat of an active alliance with Prussia would givo Napoleon plenty to think about without attempting any longer to prop up the rotten Papacy. THE CHURCH IN ITALY. The Italian Senate has passed tho Church Property Conversion Bill by 84 to 29 votes, and Signor Rattazzi has spoken with confi- dence of the success of the financial opera- tion, ne also promised further economy, with a view to putting an end to the forced cur- rency ; ogam repudiated any idea of reducing the interest on Italian Rente, and spoke of opening fresh sources of national wealth. ' Rattazzi has certainly up to the present timo exhibited great energy and statesmanship : and we aro justified in hoping that he will place tho finances of Italy in a more healthy condition. THE CHOLERA IN ITALY. From Southern Italy wo receive most dis- tressing accounts of tho ravages of the cholera. In some towns and cities tho people have hoon seized with panic-a regular stam- pede has taken placo from the death-smitten districts, carrying the fatal contagion with them : and the peoplo in many instances have turned savagely upon the medical men, whom thoy" charge with poisoning them. The clergy and the soldiers aro the only classes who aro to he relied upon in the terrible emergency. The mortality is appalling Cardinal Albano has fallen a victim to hu self-sacrificing devotion to the suffering anc the dying. THE CHURCH IN AUSTRIA. The Ultramontanes havo sustained anothoi great defeat. Austria has been regarded a their stronghold, but on 26th July Dr. Herbs brought forward a motion in the Roichsratl avowedly intended to abolish the Con cordât. It authorises civil marriage, ex empts schools from tho control of th priests, and establishes "interconfessiona equality," thus abolishing the three mail principles of .the Concordat. His motioi was -carried in spite of Government b; 130 to 24, only tho Tyroloso and Slovacks dis sentina, and the Government has alroad; opened fresh negotiations with Rome. It ii distinctly understood in the Reichsrath tha if the Vactican wiU not yield at once, the Concordat will cease to bo law without it consent, that document being, as Dr. Herbs puta it, an outrage on the authority of thi state. Tho people aro almost unanimous ii their abhorrence of its provisions, and ovei the Emperor will not now venture to defend it. A good deal fell at Sadowa. THE SPANISH INSURRECTION. Another insurrection has broken out ii Spain, tho .precise proportions and proba bilitics of which aro as yet involved in mucl obscurity. Martial law has been proclaimei in Barcelona ; armed bands havo appeared i: various parts of Catalonia ¡ and French troop havo been sent to occupy positions all alon the frontier line. General Prim is again, ai patently, tho moving spirit, as ho was las whiter ; but it is uncertain whether or not h is yet in the country. In any case, it is vol certain that Spain is disgusted with th tyranny of Isabella and her myrmidons, an that the executions and transportations whie continually take placo havo only quicktinc the national resolve to got rid or tho Bou: bons as soon as possible. THE ABYSSINIAN WAR. It appears to bo understood on all side that tho India House is arranging for an c; pedition to Abyssinia, to be curried or should Theodore refuse to surrender h British captives. It will bo organised by th Bombay Government, and consist of Bomba tioops, under the command either of Si William Staveley or Colonel Merewothoi now Agont at Aden, a dashing, clear-hcade officer, in whom General Jacob greatly hi lieved. The Queen's spoech, it will be ne ticcd, contains tho first official announce ment of tho war. There is no chanco the Theodore, who is amusing himself like a Non by enclosing people in wax cloth and burniri them alivo, will yield to any letter, howeve peremptory. - If he docs not, the expeditio to punish him will probably leave Bombi towards the enel of September, so as to roac the coast with tho entiie cold weather befoi it for actual operations. The descent wi probably be followed by a univorsal risir against Theodore ; but even if it is not, ti expedition can hardly bo more difficult tha many which tho Indian Government hi carried to a successful termination, The on point to bo alarmed at is the cost, for thouf tho sea is an excellent baso for operations, is a costly ono. Wo shall hardly reae Magdala under four millions, or get out i the country again under six, oven if weresob to quit a land which could furnish groi bodies of Christian sopoys, with who neither Hindoos nor Mussulmans could arno gañíate. THE SULTAN'S RETURN. The Sultan has found his way back to Coi stantinoplc, and has been received with ill minutions and rejoicings, in which all parti seem to havo joined. In a manifesto a ?dressed to the Grand Vizier ho has oxprcssi his gratification and his desire that his peor, should share in tho pleasure his tour h Afforded ; and although in vague terms, y lie intimates his hope that tho races ima his sway may bo united in a new equalil and enter together on another caree On leaving England the Sultan was m at Liego by the King of the Belgian thenco ho proceeded to norlin, and from th capital to Vienna, at both of which cities '. was entertained with royal magnificene So that ho has returned to his dominio having mado tho personal acquaintance the chief Christian monarchs. From i accounts, it appears that ho was most ii pressed by the reception ho received in ti countiy. Ho left behihd a gift of £2,500 bo distributed amongst tho poor of Londo which will bo apportioned to such'huma institutions as deal directly with their roll' To tho fund for tho i cato ration of tho Cr * tal Palaco hogavo also £1,000, and £200 to divided amongst tho employes on the occasi of his visit. AMERICAN POLITICS. American politics still movo in a troubl channel. Beforo tho United States Congn closed its short extra session thoy passed Supplementary Reconstruction Bill, whi ratifies tho post action of the district milite commanders, empowers General Grant remove tho Southern civil officials, deda no person entitled to registration os a vol by reason of tho President's pardon, and a' decides that all civil officials who participât in the rebellion shall bo disfranchised. T bul was promptly vetoed by tho Presidont entirely unconstitutional, but it was pass by both Houses over his head, and havi become law, wiiyiavo lo bo carried into effect by tho Exccutivç.*iiSince then Mr. Johnson has taken a more novel step in." the suspen-. sion'î^of /Mr.. Stanton - from 'his% office as .Secretary.-1 of -War. Mr. .Stanton is said by ibis voting to have represented the opinions !of Itho Legislature in the Cabinet, and now re " fuses to vacate his post, from which he can- not be finally removed without tho con- currence of the Senate. Mr. Johnson charges him with using official secrets to play into tho hands of the Radical party. General Sheridan, also, who of all the Southern commanders, has most frequently gone counter to tho President's instructions, has been deposed from his district. Among his latest acts had been the removal of the Go vernor of Texas, and thesubstitutioninbis placo of a radical favour- able to tho extreme provisions of the Recon- struction Act. The general had also broken up tho Board of Aldermen in New Orleans, on the ground that they had mismanaged the ci ty finance, andhadconsti tu ted another,sevon members of which avero negroes. Meanwhile the President's suggestion that the North by these proceedings, absorbing the South, may make itself responsible for Southern debt, has revived popular feoling against him. Thus tho elements of discord are still activo. MORMONISM. While Brigham Young has been airing himself in Paris, and complaining because© tho Emperor avili not pormit him to lecture in public, wo hear that dissonsions have arisen in Utah, which seriously threaten his autho- rity. Notwithstanding Mr. Hepworth Dixon's« rose-coloured pictures, it appears that there havo been some open manifestations of dis- affection, and that the marriage laws, which have been held to bo fundamental parts of Mormon polity, havo been called in question by some of the principal men in the society.' It is not long since Congress passed a resolu- tion to put down polygamy, by force if neces- sary ; but as Young would mako no conces- sions to Northern opinion, so it is under- stood ho is prepared to maintain his "peculiar institution" against schismatics at home. But an unexpected discovery has been made, which seems likely to chango all the conditions of life in thoso regions. Gold has been found at South Pass, about 250 miles from Salt Lake City, in quantities said to exceed in value all previously known to exist on- tho American continent. A flood of emigrants was pouring down through the plains ; and " the Saints " themselves were deserting their city, leaving tho richest wheat harvests ungatberceT, in the hopo of gleaning in these golden fields. It remains to be seen avhether Mor monisra can resist these external- and disintegrating influences. Let but a populous colony of thnving miners be settled near, and the sacred enclosures of the Salt Lake City ovould soon witness another "rape of tho Sabines." Meanwhile in thÎ3 country tho system is fast losing ground. Its adherents are greatly diminished in numbers, and aro of the lowest grade. Thoso who could afford it havo crossed the seas, and thoso who could not have many of thom apostatised. MEXICAN ANARCHY. From Mexico ave havo only the old story of anaichy and bloody strife. The capital has fallen into the hands of tho Republicans after a siege, tho horrors of avhich have been almost unoxampled in modern times. But Juarez finds himself in difficulties, and has refused to he re-elected as President. Other guerilla leaders haa-o arisen. Tho country is convulsed, and there seems no hope for it, unless somo stronger intervention secure it from the factions by which it is de- vastated. More Imperialist generals have been executed. The body of Maximilian is said to have been delivered, embalmed, into the care of tho Prussian Consul ; but this statement is now contradicted, and although Austria has sent a special ? embassy to Washington to receive tho corpse, it is affirmed that the Mexicans will refuse to render oven this lost courtesy to" the dead. ENGLISH MONETARY AND COM- MERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. (i'BOM OUR OWN COEBESPONDENT.) LONDON, Auo. 20. Tho harvest just now takes precedence oE everything else. Every other reliance for a resuscitation of commercial prosperity having failed us, ave look now avith a kind of desperate hopofulness to the wealthy crops which are being garnered as tho means of restoring confidence and quick- ening our industrial activities. Not long ago tho prospects of a rich and plen- tiful harvest were extremely gloomy and disheartening. Rain, wind, and cold seemed to havo joined in a conspiracy against tho produco of OUT fields, and rising markets pointed ominously to a coming season of scarcity, dearness, and distress. Theso threat- ened ills havo boen aa-orted. Tho vyeathcr some avecks ago underwent a glorious chango,* and a succession of brilliant days, tho ripen- ing stir of brisk dry airs, with occasional transitory showers, have brought our abun- dant crops to a condition of golden maturity. Harvest operations aro now proceeding ra- pidly in every part of theso islands, and the difficulty in finding sufficiont hands for tho woik of ingathering has led to the issue by the Horse Guards of a permission to soldiers to hiro themselves out for field labour, pro- vided they do not interioro with tho prior claims of the agricultural labourers. Tho opinions of correspondents differ as to whether tho yield will be above, bolow, or about an average. It is noticeable, hoavevcr, that week by week, and day by day, theso estimates assume a sun- nier hue ; and from my own observations in travelling over extensivo districts during tho past month, I should bo disposed to givo tho palm of superiority to tho present harvest over thoso of several years past. So many persons are interested in spreading adverso reports, with the viow of keeping up tho market price of grain, that allowance must always bo made for such a bias. Such mis- representations, however, cannot bo long lived: and in thepresent instance thc)croakcrs, I beliovo, have dono their worst. A short continuance of the present magnificent avea thor will place the bulk of our grain crops beyond the reach of injury. Most encoring reports como from Ireland. There is scarcely a trace of potato blight. The hay crops havo been everywhere unprecedentedlyhoavy, and were got up in splendid condition ; whilo the pastures, instead of presenting a parched appcaranco, are clothed in the a'ivid green of . a spring growth. This is of immense advan- tage to tho cattle. In Franco the wheat crop is said to bo bolow tho average ; but in Amerioa tho yield avili be a fifth moro than in the past three years. A storm of almost tropical violence broke over tho country, and notably over London, last Monday night. It avas preceded by several days of execssia-o sultriness, during avhich scores of persons avero killed outright or seriously injured by sun-strokes. Tho thunder and lightning during tho tempost were in the metropolis and some other localities awfully grand, and one noble lady avas slain by fright. Tho crops have not been spocially banned by tho downpour of rain, while tho freshening of the atmosphoro effected by tho electrical discharges has been an unspeakablo rolief. Tho financial situation remains substan- tially the samo as for several months past. There is the same extraordinary caso in tho money market, the same plethora of unavail- able capital, the samo slmnking from all new enterprises, the samo languor and heaviness overhanging overy species of transaction. The Bank minimum still stands at two per cent., as fixed on tho 25th of July ; but in Lombard-street l8 to 1} is the usual chargo, whilo many bills aro taken at lj. Spccio continues to arrive, chiefly from Aus- tralia, tho amounts from New York having lately somewhat fallen off. At the samo timo the foreign exchanges aro so firm that avhatever comes hero will probably bo re- tained. A slightly increased demand has been" manifested for shipments of silver to the East, but it has attracted little attention. Meanwhilo, the stores hoardod in the Banks of England and Franco aro augmenting every day. The two establishments now hold between them nearly sixty-one millions sterling. In the Bank of France, the in crease since the 1st of January has been eight millions sterling, and tho total now hold is five times as largo as that at the beginning of 1864. "Tho fact that under theso circumstances," says The Times, " tho spectacle is presented of .foreign states of all kinds being unablo to ralle loans, oven of small amount, at so von or eight por cent, and of tho shares of public companies which still purport to bo earning dividends at rates ranging from five to fiftoon per cent, being nearly unsaleable on any terms, constitutes a lesson to nations and in dividüalsion the consequences of financial laxity never before enforced.on such a scale." " - '. The speculative movement for the fall in the railway market has apparently received a decided check. For some time past sales havo been pressed on the anticipation of farther unfavourable revelations in regard to tho position of railway property ; but latterly the public havo resisted these tactics, to the grief of some of the operators. Railway securities, accordingly, are looking up again; even bankers and other capitalists, whose timidity is proverbial, are once moro showing a desire to go into theso investments, The public funds, on the whole, are firm, chiefly from the regular purchases by the Government broker for the sinking fund. On the other hand, it is surmised that a regular advance would probably havo taken place, but it has been checked by the realizations of the unfortunate shareholders in Overend, Gumoy, and Co., who havo been obliged to sell to meet the recent call. Indian guaran- teed securities have been in auch demand that scarcely any stock is now in the market. It is firmly held. Colonial debentures in general, and Aus- tralian in particular, have been in very active request, at enhanced prices. On studying the annexed quotations, it will bo seen thatthore has been a general riso in values, and the Victorian Government debentures stand at as high a figure as I ever remember to havo seen. In spite of these indications of public favour in respect to colonial securities, it is exceed- ingly doubtful whether tho pending Now South Wales loan wUl be taken up at all eagerly. Nearly every such attempt, of late, to raise money has proved singularly unsuc- cessful. Below are tho latest quotations of Austra- lian securities and shares : g-| Names of Companies, itc. Stock Stock Ste>ck Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Stock Sharcsl S 50 60 25 10 30 Stock Stock Stock 20} 21 2J OOVBKNMBNT STOCKS. ' Victoria Government 6 por cent. (Jan. and July) Do., do. (April and Oct.) NowSouth Wales,6porcont., 1871tol870. Do., do., 1888 to 1895 Do., do., 1867 to 1875 South Australian, 0 por cent. (Jan. and July) .. MolbournoCorporotlon, Opor cent. (May and Nov.) Goolong Corporation, 0 per cent. (May and Nov.) Queensland G per cont. (Jan. and July). Now Zealand, 0 per cont. (Genoral Government) .. Do., 6 per cent. COMPANIES' BONDS. Molbounio and Hobson'« Bay Railway, 0 per cont. Bonds (1880) Do., 5 per cent., 1805 HANKS. Now South Wales Australasia. Union of Australia South Australia . London Chartered of Aus- tralia. English, Scottish, and Aus trallan Chartered . Oriental New Zealand .. .. . . Victoria ., Otago. Chartered Bank of ludia, Australia, and China National of Australasia MIKES. Yudanamutanaof SouthAus tralla . Port PliillipMiningConipany Scottish Australian Mining Kapunda, S.A. Worthing Copper, S.A. Yorke Peninsula MISCELLANEOUS. Australian Agricultural Australian Mortgago, Land, and Finance English and Australian Cop- per . Molbounio and Hobson'« Bay Otago and Southland Invest- ment Company Now Zealand Trust and Loan New Zealand Loan and Mer- cantile Agency Panama, Now Zealand, and Australian Boyal Mall Do. do. Peninsular and Orlontal Steam Do. do., now, 1807 .. South Australian Land Trust and Agency of Aus- tralasia . Vau demon's Land Agri- cultural . North British Australasian Land. Pool River Land and Mineral Scottish Australian Invest- ment . 110i 1121 07 02 931 100 1001 94J 031 83 41 05 48t 27 431 l8 1 ÏÏ fdis ^ ella l8 J prom Joxdiv 61 èdis. El 40-45 33-30 Tho quotations include tho accrued Interest on debentures. LOANS AND NEW COMPANIES. The Russian loan, so long talked about, lias been introduced during the month. As the amount required was large-nominally twelve millions sterling, though only about seven millions and a quarter in actual cash -the negotiation was divided between the London, Paris, and Amsterdam markets. So far as England is concerned, the application proved a complete failure. Very little more was taken here than what was subscribed for bj; Messrs. Baring, and the attempted operation caused a depreciation of existing Kussian stocks # some two per cent. Tho credit of Russia in this country is very low ; it has been waning year by year ; wo have not the same confidence in her financial prosperity and stability that we formerly had, and tho incessant appeals for money excito distrust and disquietude Since 1860 wo have bad five loans at short intervals to the amount of over £40,000,000 of nominal capital, and although foreign purchasers havo taken a portion, the greater part of the bonds must still be held hero. Besides which, Russia has been borrowing largely at home ; and it is believed that the addition to tho public debt in the last eight years is not less than £60,000 sterling. It need be no matter of surprise, therefore, that Russian bonds aro becoming a drug in our market. In Paris and in Amsterdam tho negotiators have been rather more successful It has been officially announced that tho number of obligations subscribed in Prance was 291,229, out of tho 000,000 to bo disposed of. What was taken in Holland is stated at about 70,000. In France tho applicants were largely among traders, workmen, and petty rentiers. The Italian loan, to launch which so many abortive attempts have been made, is, it ap- pears, to be postponed. Bofore appealing to the foreign money markets, ondeavours aro to be mado to raise some instalments of tho large aggregate required among the Italian people themselves. This is a wiso resolu- tion. Tile Turkish national property, consisting of mines, forests, and rivers, is to bo mort- gaged to a company of English capitalists for £20,000,000. A concession for raising this sum has been granted for a term of ninety- . nine years, tho Porte reserving (after tho first nine or ten years) a share in tho proceeds do rived from the estates. Tho money to bo paid for this leasers to be remitted in instalments spread over a period of eight or nine yoars. The matter, .however, has not yet been defi- nitely sottled. The contract with tho Secretary of State for India in Council, securing to the Indian Branch Railway Company a five percent, guaranteo of interest on a capital of £4,000,000 for lines of railway in Oudo and Rohilkund, was duly executed on the 2nd inst. The wholo of the £2,000,000 of now capital in the Great Indian Peninsula Railway Com- pany has been subscribed. It consists of 100,000 shares of £20 each, bearing a gua- ranteed interest at the rato of five por cent, per annum. The East Indian Railway Company have been authorised to issue forthwith £1,000,000, in four-and-half per cent, debentures having five years to run, but not at any timo con- vertible into stock. The wholo amount was subscribed by the 9th inst. A telegram from tho Bank of Bombay, dated tho 12th of August, announces that at a meeting held at that date the reconstruc- tion scheme, as described in the prospectus of the 19th of July, was unanimously adopted. It is expected that in a fow days Messrs. Baring will advertise tho opening of the books for the conversion of .the Spanish Passive debt. The terms offered, however, having been rejected at the recent meeting of the bondholders on account of their totally unjust nature, it is not expected that many responses will be made to the invitation, especially as the new bonds to be issued would not be sufficiently negotiable, and the political accounts from Spain arc not io assuring. . Count Bela Szechenyi and Mr. Somerset Beaumont have succeeded in establishing an Anglo-Hungarian bank at Pcsth. The capital is to be £1,000.000, with power to increase it to £2,000,000. Tho Ovens Gold Quartz Mines Company requires a capital of£30,000 to work a district in Nova Scotia. DIVIDEND MEETINGS, &0. Australian Mining Company. - At the annual meeting, on tue 29th ult., the dividend of Is. per share, recommended on a previous «¡easton, was approved. Congratulations wore exchanged on tho gradually improving value of tho company's property. . The chair- man believed they had arrived at what might be termed the turnmg- point in their under- taking. English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank.-At the meeting of tho shareholders on the 29th ult., the directors' report was adopted without discussion, and the usual dividend, at the rate of seven per cent, per annum, avas declared. Although the losses sustained have caused tho' reservo to' 'bo trenched upon to the extent of £10,000, tho chairman stated that the bank was never in a sounder position than now, all tho bad debts hairing been written off. Australian Agricultural Company.-The report was adopted on tho 30th ult., and a dividend of 10s. per share declared. Mr. R. Palgraa'o, one of the auditors, was elected director, in the room of Mr. Thornton, do ceased. Australian Trust Company.-On the same day, at a meeting of the shareholders, tho usual dividend of six per cent, avas declared, and the directors and auditors were re elected. English and Australian Copper Company. -On the 1st inst., an ad interim dividond of Is. per share was declared, after paying in- terest at the rate of five per cent, to the re- serve fund, which at the present timo stands at £11,382. Arrangements, the chairman said, were being made for the supply of oro from other sources in ordor to compensate for the decline of the Burra Burra. Bank of Australasia.-At the meeting of the proprietors, the directors' report was adopted. The distribution avili be at the rate of twelve and a half per cent, por annum, and will be payable on the 15th of October next. North Australian Company.-The report, presented on the 21st, details the steps taken to obtain from the Government of South Australia a return of the money paid for pre- liminary land orders on the contemplated new settlement in Adam Bay, owing to the abandonment of the scheme by the Govern- ment. The authorities, it is intimated, show a disposition to ovado the point avhile thoy are making new explorations, to tho results of which tho shareholders are in no way committed. The directors have, there- fore, reiterated their request for a re- turn of tho purchase moneys advanced by them, and are noav awaiting an answer. Anglo-American Telegraph Company.-At a meeting of the shareholders on the 2nd inst., a dividend was declared of 25s. per share, making, avith the 20s." already paid, nearly twenty-three per cent, for the year. The directors have boen unable to induce the Atlantic Telegraph Company to adopt the policy of reducing the charge to £5 for a message of ten avords with freo address, avhich they believe would have been for the permanent benefit of all interested. Port Phillip.-The profit upon tho half year's working was £4,798, and after paying the Is. per share dividend, and appropriating £487 (ten per cent.) to tho reserve fund, there remains £1,881 to carry forward. The re- served fund amounts to £2,810 New Three per Cent. Annuities. r-AILTJBES AND LIQUIDATIONS. In accordance with general expectation, the House of Lords havo decided that the shareholders in Overend, Gurney, and Co. must pay their creditors. All doubt and ob- scurity on this long-litigated point of respon- sibility are now dissipated. It is at length settled by the highest authority that share- holders avho, avhether by misstatement or fraud, are induced to put their names on the register of a company, are liable for the debts of tho company so long as their names remain there, and if the company comes to be liquidated must pay such calls as are needful to satisfy such debts. The share- holders have a remedy against the directors, who deceived them, but then the remedy is practically worthless, since all the property of the directors would bo insufficient to repair the ruin inflicted. The announcement of the final decision produced considerable ox citement, as was natural, among the nume- rous victims of this gigantic wrong, many of whom, strong and confident in their view of the case, evidently hoped for a veidiot in their favour. Now. that all uncertainty is dispelled, the liquidators ovill arrange for the payment of a further dividend of 4s. in the pound (making 10s. paid) next month. This will absorb £800,000. The lost call, which is now being vigorously enforced, has thus far been extremely well met, although it has caused much suffering, and has probably led to many of the sales of consols that have influenced the market during the past ten days. Messrs. Nichols and Ashton, of Ovor-Dar wen, spinners and manufacturers, have failed for £30,000. A composition of 0s. in the pound has been accepted. It is announced that Messrs. Fairfax, Bry- son, and Co., hardware and general mer- chants, and metal brokers, of Birmingham and London, have suspended payment, owing to heavy losses and tho non-arria-al of remit- tances from Canada. Tho amount of their liabilities, however, has not transpired. Two dealers in the Stock Exchange, who bad been speculating heavily for the fall in railway securities, have succumbed ; and at Manchester two Greek firms haa'e become so deeply involved that the principals haa-e lied the country. « The New York correspondent of the Standard mentions the suspension of two National Banks in tho State of New York, and of one in Massachusetts. The total lia- bilities of the three establishments is about £230,000. The causes of the failure of the largest of the three are given in detail, and resolve themselves into the old story of ad- vances imprudently mado on bad security, and to speculations in land. About a month ago Mr. Greenland, the late manager of the Leeds Banking Company, ro ceia-eef a free pardon florn the Home Office, to the great astonishment of tho people of Leeds. On the 29th ult., a special meeting of the Chamber of Commerce was held, to consider what steps should be taken in protest against such a flagrant miscarriage of justice. As the crimes of this hoary old sinner had pro- duced avholcsale ruin and misery in tho dis- trict, several indignation speeches were ut- tered against such ill-judged lenity. It avas decided to present a petition to Parliament for tho production of all the correspondence on tho subject; and it was denounced as shameful that while the principal criminal is liberated, his tool. Skaife, should be under- going a sentence of fifteen years' penal servi- tude. Tho liquidators of tho Western Bank oi Scotland havo notified a seventh return te the shareholders of £710s. per share on the 2nd of September, making a total return oi £65 per share. " Messrs. C. F. Kemp and H. Chatteris, the liquidators»of the English Joint- Stock Banh (Limited), have issued a report to the present date of tho progress of the winding-up. It shows that tho creditors' claims, avhich avero originally about £600,000, have now, by tho payment of dividend: amounting in all to IGs. in the pound, beer reduced to £143,768, exclusive of any atnounl for interest that may ho claimed by de- positors, avhilo the assets remaining are esti- mated at £146,505. Tho latter include £17,421 in cash, and £34,000 as the value ol the bank premises in Clemcnt's-lane, at cosl price. The bill of tho London, Chatham, and Dover Railway, promoted by the debenture holders and tho shareholders, has passed the committeo of the House of Lords and re- ceived tho Royal assent. It is necessarily s bill of concession, and suspends for ten years the powers of the debenture-holders to en- force the payment of the principal monoj lent, giving thom in the meantime all the profits of tho line towards payment oi their interest, and deferred coupons bearing interest for any deficiency, as well as for tbi interest noav overdue, tho debenturn-holden being represented on the board of director! by an equal number of directors as tho share holders. All suits mud actions are to be sus pended for ten years, excepting one of ead class, which, avith thp consent of the Cour of Chanceryi may be instituted as a shor special suit, to form a precedent for all simi lar cases. The fresh capital to be raised ii £600,000. T11ADE AND EMIGHATION HETUBNS, ÄC0. The Board of Trade returns for the montl of June indicate a steady amount of business The folloaving shows tile declared valuo of thi exports of British and Irish produce an< manufactures in the last three years : . June',1805 . £13,227,002 June, 1806 . 14,630,120 June, 1807 . 15,490,091 This comparison suggests very satisfactory conclusions with regard to the general courst of the export trade of tho country, an increasi of £659,971 being shoavn over June last year and an increase of £2,203,029 over last year In fnct, the export trade is recovering frorr the check under which it suffered during tin earlier months of tho year. For tho si: months the export figures arc subjoined : Six months, 1805 ... £74,128,038 1800 ... 92,857,830 1807 ... 87,013,484 From this it will bo seen that a leeway o moro than fh'o millions has yet to be made uj before this year's figures will reach thoso o 1860, As regards imports, tho value of th principal articles for tho five months of tho last three years is returned as under :- vr Fivo months, 1805 ... £59,890,063 ^-T-' I860 ... 32,030,712. " 1807 ... 83,441,393 ATLANTIC TELEGRAPHS. The Telegraph Construction and Mainte- nance Company's ship Chiltern sailed on the 13th inst. from Greenhitho for Placentia, in Newfoundland, with 320 miles of submarino cable, manufactured for the New York, New- foundland, 'and London Telegraph Com- pany, to be laid from Placentia to the Island of St. Pierro, a French colony in tho Gulf of St. Lawrence, and thence extended to Sydney, in Nova Scotia. Great efforts, it is said, are being made this season to establish throughout Nova Scotia a series of land lines, which it is hoped will enable tho communication to he maintained between Europe, via tho sub- marino cables, and Canada . and tho United States during the coming winter, so . as to avoid the serious interruptions to traffic which occurred last year. In any case, this new cable about to bo laid will enable telegrams to be sent independently of the old . land Unes in Newfoundland, so that the risk of interruption by snow-storms and doods is much reduced. When the Chiltern shall havo laid the Placentia cable, sho is to proceed to the entrance of Trinity Bay for the purpose of repairing the 1860 At- lantic cable. By telegrams received from the Admiralty surveyors in that neighbour- hood, the company have learnt that a shoal patch has bccA discovered in the immediato vicinity of the recent accident to the '6G cable, and there is consequently reason to believe that it was this ridge, on which there is very little moro than forty fathoms of water, and where icebergs naturally ground, that occasioned the damage. TUNNEL UNDER TI1E ATLANTIC A proposition is on foot (says the New York Journal) to start the undertaking of running a tunnel under the Atlantic Ocean, in order to connect the New and Old World together by means of submarine railway. The most eminent engineers both in Ame- rica and Europe havo been consulted, and they have drawn up a report which is perfectly feasible, and only requires time and money to carry it out, while the capital, although stupendous, will' be forthcoming. So far as calculated approxi- mately, it will rerrairo COO million English pounds, or two bülion COO million dollars. Plenty of capitalists aro ready to engage in this marvellous undertaking, and as soon as the plans aro arranged the money will bo ad- vanced. The proposed plans arc in them- selves the wonder of this skilful age of en- gineering science. THE LONDON WOOL SALES. "The third series of Australian and Capo wool sales," observo Messrs. Bradbury and Cook, " commenced on Thursday, the 15th inst., with a good attendance of home and foreign buyers. The catalogue comprised 2,552 bales New Zealand, 951 bales Sydney, 495 Tasmanian, and 528 Port Phillip. There has been an activo competition for every description offered, at prices fully equal to tho average sales obtained in the last series. We may, however, observe that the greater proportion was in the grease, whilst tbe washed ilocks were princi- pally medium and inferior sorts. Tho arrivals since the commencement of last sales are as follows ¡-Sydney, 28,810; Victoria, 24,796; Adelaide, 7,142 ; Tasmania, 4,866 ; New Zea- land, 38,913; Swan River, 430 ; Cape, 21,886 Total, 126,846. The sales will be continued till tho 25th of September. The Economist of the 24th says:-"The public sales of colonial wool have been fairly attended by homo buyers, but tho number of foreign in attendance has been limited. On the whole, the biddings have been steady, at prices equal to tho previous series." At the public sales held at Liverpool early in August, about 16,400 bales and 2,400 bal- lots wool of different kinds were brought for- ward, and a fair portion of River Plato, Lima, Egyptian and Mogadore wools wero disposed of at prices rather bolow late, current rates ; other descriptions did not command much attention, and were principally withdrawn, MESSRS. STABLES, STRAKER, AND CO.'S CIRCULARS. LO.NDOK, Ana. 15. Tho general aspect of the Australian shipping trado continues one of extreme quietude. Little disposition is evinced to hasten consignments hence, until the out turn of our harvest-upon willoh many conflicting opinions aro hold- shall havo removed doubts as to the future. The successful garnering of our corcal crops, at all times productive of so important an in- fluence upon tho trado of tho country and Its financial ÍioBltion, could not fail this year to prove of Increased mporuuico, and would materially assist in dispelling the distrust w Mell, in tho face of a plethora of money and its consequent cheapness for months post, has pervaded nearly tho whole community since tho troubles of 1800. By the time this result is known, information will havo como to hand from colonial markets as to the effect of tho comparatively Increased exports thither in May-June. That the extremo moderation in the shipments of the early months of the present year has already proved of much benefit in tho colonies we havo abundant ovldonce, and wo aro glad to observe that several of tho commorclal journals received b3- the curront mail havo fully re- cognised the value of this fact. Tho wool sales commence this evening andas at present arranged, will close on the 25th September, and v, ill include about 140,000 bales. Shipments, which in our circular of IGth ult. wero announced to havo considerably declined, have again fallen off to the extontof £172,100, the declared values for the month boing £091,076 against £803,235. From the subjoinod analysis it will bo soon that Molbourno totals aro much as beforo, whilst the quoted declino on the month Is pretty ovonly shared between Sydnoy, Queensland, and Adelaldo. Victoria .. Sydney .. Queensland Adelaldo .. Tasmania .. New Zealand July Aug. £ 340,837 130,840 12,853 71,478 135,058 342,210 184,771 58,704 100,774 44,301 120,415 £ 1,873 53,922 45,011 85,200 44,301 In- crease. 8,043 From Oharonto we learn the cargo of tho Dauphin (Bordeaux to Holbourne, July 17)-viz., 580 casks and 000 «isca brandy, 200 libels, and 1.425 coses wino, 520 coses champagne, 1.0SO coses cordials. 645 cases sar- dines, and 400 cases oil stores. A portion of theso goods were for Now Caledonia, but no proper distinc- tion was observed in classifying the manliest at the Bordeaux Customs. We have no later Information from llottordam, whoro, wo bollovo, there Is no vessel whatever on tho Australian berth. LONDON, AMODHT 20. Scarcely any variation has occurred in tho Aus- tralian cxpoit market since the close of our statistical month, and tho clearances oflected havo boon of barely an average character. Tho departures which find a placo in tho tables aro cloven in number, boing four for Molbourno, two for Sydney, ono for Adolaldo, one for Tasmania, and thrco for New Zealand, besides which the Mediator clcarod for Molbourno, the Alfred Hawley and Queen of the Colonies for Queensland, and tho Araunah for Tasmania the day immediately prior to making up the tables, consequently no por- tion oi thoir manifests is yet t» hand. All Information which may bo received whilo Circular is at press will be published as a noto at foot. Wo beg to direct the especial attention of sub- scribers in tho Adolaldo trado to a considerable parcel of late entries per St. Leonards, which cleared on tho last day but ono of our statistical month, and whoso manifest appeared in our Issue of 15tb Inst. Wo woro convinced at tho timo of publication that the manifest was very incompleto, but gave all tho particulars which wo could obtain after1 ropcatcd application to the Customs up to the last moment. To facilitate re- ference on the part of subscribers, wo have inserted theso late entries on a soparate line in tho tables, and it must bo understood thoy aro in addition to entries debited lo the samo ship in onr last Circular. Late entries for other vessels, including the Rod Jacket for Melbourne, will bo found on the usual page. Wo havo nothing to report from Rotterdam or Charente sinco our last. THE CORN MARKET. Of the English cora market the Mark-lane Express of the 2Gth August writes : " Though tho past « cok lins had a continuance) of Uno weather, Monday night gavo us a storm of un- usual violence and duration, which spout much of Its f ury'on tho city, and occasioned some los3 of life and great damage, and it is well It lasted but a night, or much of tito crops must havo been lost Harvest operations wero for a timo suspended, but havo since been renewed with energy, the frequency of theso storms showing the necessity of promptitude. Whoro labour falls It will bo most desirable to resort to machinery, which has now boen brought to such perfection, that prejudice must finally givo way. With wheat BO high this year, there is the losa ex- celso for neglecting this ready help. Farmers being busy In tho Holds generally, tho markets have been poorly supplied, and, had tho dependence been ex- clusively on old wheat, thoro had boen still less ex- hibited. Old and new togothor show only a sum total of 24,855 quarters, against 53,532 quarters last year, or less than half. The fact of exhaustion is therefore protty plain ; and how do wo faro as respects tho quality and quantity of tho now? Thero is no doubt there will bo consldorablo variety ; but up to this time, our expectations, after many a surrey of the grow lug crops, havo been greatly disappointed. Much Is oxtromely light, and resembles tho off-corn appropriated as chicken food. That thoro should bo a flood yield of such com is simply impossible) ; but, iad there been, what would havo boon the compara- tivo weight, and quality of tho flour to each quarter?. No 'doubt practical men will soon tell us ; but it is not in tho Interest of millers to exaggerate tho failure, and so we must wait till the average quality has been tested. France has risen in the faco of tho new crop, though the quality in that country is gene- rally praised, and some vory heavy samples aro re- ported. In Belgium and Holland, as well as Ger- many, thero Is very little reduction in prices, and it w11! } ct toko some timo, lu tho vast regions of tho north, to completo their gatherings. Parcels for de- livery aro certainly offeree! at lower rates, and there is generally enough pressure for money to force on the corn beforo Christmas ; but if onco it bo clearly ascer- tained that England, as well as France, Spain, .Portugal, and Algeria, aro all below an averafjo, tho opportunity will bo mado tho best of, and prioer again probably Improve. Right or wrongs our American cousins aro'dolorniiiicd . no longer to, be, shut put of our markets, and seem roadyto olear oüttlioir'old corn in the belief of a futuro plenty of now." A .Mcssrs. -Burrows and Perks, of' Hart-streot, Mark-lone, corn-factors,"write on the same .day:- ~ - ..Sinco the departure of tho last mail, the wheat and flour markets bavo had a downward tendency, undor tho influonco of gonorally fino weather and of good arrivals of wheat from tho Black Sea, and a fair quantity from Australia and Now Zealand. The im- portation of (lour has beon undor tho avorago amount, and almost entirely from Port Adelaide. Formor quo- tations of 08s. to 60s. por 4061b. ox ship, and 00s. to 70s. landed, wero maintained for Adelaldo wheat till tho 12th last., when 07s. per 4901b. ex ship wasaccoptcd, in order to clear a largo cargo, and prices havo not rallied since, quotations of yesterday's markot bolng 07a. ex ship- and 08s. in granary, with a dull demand. Adelatdo flour sold readily at tho close of last month and conimoncomont of this, at 52s. por 2801b. not in granary, but aftur a fow sales at 60s. ox ship lias declinod to 60s. por 2801b. in granary, equal to about 49a. 4d. ox ship ; all tho arrivals of this article have gi von much satisfaction to purchasers, having gonorally boroo tho long voyage without injury. Somo quantity of Now Zealand flour lias arrived during tho past week, but no sales havo yet beon effected. Tho samples shown aro from 2s. to 3s. per 2801b. inferior in quality to boat Adolaido brands. A fow small parcols of wheat havo also ar- rived, but not-equal to thoso of South Australian or Tasmanian growth, tho lattor being especially fino. Our wheat crop is now mostly harvested in tho southern counties, but scarcely half the whoat In Nor- folk, Suffolk, and tho midland counties has been out, and. in Yorkshire cutting has but just commenced. . Wheat has so far boen gonorally secured ingood order, but whore threshed, tho ylold of white qualities is much complained of, and will probably prove to bo considerably undoran avorago, though not so much so as last year. Red wheats, Doing later and hardior, have boroo tho changeable weather in tho spring and early summor better than othor sorts, and promise about an average quantity, but in all districts tho variety in both quality and quantity is very great." THE HOP MARKET. Of tho Borough hop market, on tho 20th August, the Mark-lane Express of that date says : " ' Our market is a-ery quiet, and, owing to the im- proving prospects of the coming crop, quotations are morely nominal. Tho weather during tho past week lias beon oxtremoly favourable to the growth of tho bine, and all sound and healthy gardens in ovory dis- trict of tho plantations havo mado satisfactory pro jrrcss. Tho grounds in somo parts havo also improved slightly, but the chango of weather has arrived too late to be of any material service to thom, so far as tho coming yield is concerned. Bavarian and Bohomlan accounts are hardly so favourable as last week. Alost, howovor, is reported to bo improving. Now York ad- vices to tho 12th inst. report tho markot as very strong, with scarcely any hops on offer. Blight is rapidly spreading throughout the sections, and has now oxtonded to Wisconsin, which hithorto has boen quite free. Mid and East Kent, £11, £11 HB., £18 ; Weald of Kent, £10 10s., £11, £12 ; Sussex, £1010s., £10 15s., £11; Farnham, £11, £11 Us., £13 ; yearlings, £010s., £7, £8 ; olds,£3, £410s., £512s. THOMAS WILU and Co., hop- factors.' Tho Im- ports of foreign,hops into London lost wcok consisted of 214 bales from Antworp, 63 Boulogno, 40 Calais, 07 Dunkirk, 25 Homburg, 50 Harburg, 150 Now York, 250 Ostend, 224 Rotterdam, and 80 bales from St. Petersburg. At Worcester, the weather having boon moro suitable for tho growing crop of hops, fair pro- gress has beon made this weok, the burr having gono- rally changod into hop. Some of tho blighted gardons havo mado an effort, and will grow a few hop?, but these cannot do much, as tho burr showing will not havo time to mature. Viewing our district as a whole wo aro enabled to report some improvement Blnco our last ; but the yield will bo doflclent, and could not now bo estimated ot moro than a third of a crop. Thcro has not been much business passing on tho market to- day, holders showing no disposition to press sales, so that tho currency romains nominally without chango." _ LONDON PRODUCE MARKETS. (FROM TUB HOME NEWS, AUG. 24.) Hides.-At last public sales, 0,022 Australian sold, first heavy, 64Mb, to 58Slb. at «d. to 43d. ; seeond, 51¡lb. to 05Jlb. at 4Jd. to 4Jd. ; first light, 4211b. to 401b. at to 4Jil. 021 Capo sold, first heavy, 5SJ11). to 0811b. and first light, 371b. to 441b. at 5d. to Cid. ; second light, 3841b. to 4731b. at 4Jd., kips, SJd. to Od. 580 dry West Coast sold, best, 331b. to 3341b. at 7Jd. to 8Jd. ; light, 17-}lb. at 7?d. ; second, SUlb. at 71d. ; third, 831b. to 34jlb. at 5d. to 5Jd. ; and 183 dry Jamaica at 0d. to OJd. per lb. Import from 1st Janu- ary to loth August, 1807, 1,040,100 hides; import from 1st January to 10th August, 1800, 1,601,085 hides; sales and forwarded, 15th August, 1887, 2,097,500 hides ; sales and forwardod, loth August, 1800, 1,821,184 hides ; present stock, 203.000 hides ; stock 20th August, 1800,605,003 hides. Mimosa Bark.-A largo quantity was brought to auction last weok, which mot only a limited domand, and was chiefly bought in. Of 208 tons ground, about 60 tons sold at £8 5s. to £810s. ; of 107 tons chopped about 50 tons sold at £8 2s. Od. to £8 10s. ; of 50 tons long 2 tons sold at £7 por ton. Sinco then no business has been dono. Tallow.-Tho market has boon inactivo and business limited, tho hot weather having interfered with the operations of the chandlors. Prices, howovor, koop very steady, Petersburg being quoted at 45s. for 1800 ; and 45s. 0d. to 40s. for new (Ukraine) on tho spot, and at 45s. Od. for the last three months' delivery. Leather.-Wo had a good attendanco of buyers at Leadcnhall, and English butts and offal have sold freely at full prices. A good business was also done in light dressing and shaved hides, but not much in other klndB of dressing goods. Raw markot hides are in very small supply, and prices rungo a shado lower than last month. 258 bales (containing 0,824 sides) Australian vvoro all sold at an advance of id. tojd. per lb. ; best sides, prime, 1011b. to lGJlb., atojd. to Old. ; good, 131b. to 1021b., at 8!d. to Od. ; seconds, lOjlb. to 16Jlb., at 8àd. ; light, 01b. to 12älb., at Oid. ; extra heavy, 23Mb., at Od. per lb. Corn.-Tho corn markets advanced in the early part of the month, in consequenco of unfavourable weather ; but they aro now declining, and prices of wheat are 2s. low or than at our last. Large supplies are expected from America. Linseed Oil.-The markot is flat, and prices aro lower. Thero are sellers at 38s. Od., and at 3* less at tho waterside ; somo forced sales wero mado yester- day for cash, at 88s. percu-t. ; for last three months 30s. fid. to 37s. In Hull Bpot oil is quoted at 30s. Od. to 37s., and last three months' dolivery at 35s. Od. to 36s. por cwt. . Rape oil has beon dull of sale, And English b,rown has receded to 38s. on tho Bpot, and 38s. Gd. for last four months. For first four months of 1808 thero is moro disposition to purchase, and 39s. Gd. is the nearest quotation. Foreign brown 39s., and refined 41s. Od. to 42s. on the spot. Motáis.-Business continues inactivo, although prices remain tolerably steady. As regards coppor, holders exhibit moro Unnncss, and purchases could not bo mado at the cheap rates lately current. Eng- lish manufactured is hold at £80, and Tough, £70 to £77 ; Burra, £b4 to £85 ; Wallaroo, £82 10s, to £83 ; and Chili, £0910s. to £70 por ton. Yollow motal, OJd. to 7d. per lb. Tho iron markot is also somowhat firmer, al though thero Isnoparticularlncreaseofdomandatpro sent. Welch bars and rails, £516s. to £0 at tho works ; Scotch pig, 53s. ljd. cash, for mixed numbers. Eng- lish lead is steady at £19 IRs. to £20 por ton. Of soft Spanish about 500 tons havo rocontly changed hands, at £10 5s. per ton. Of Straits tin some sales havo boen made at a lower prlco, but some business done subsequently at firm quotations. About sovonty tons aro roportod, of which forty tons, at 85s. 6d" part cash and part with two months prompt ; yestorday twenty tons wero sold at 80s. cash. For arrival, ton tons, distant sailing, reported at 87s. Banca in Hol- land is quoted at¿52fl. Spelter is steady at £21 per ton, but noxt to nothing doing. ENGLISH SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. ARRIVALS. A. A. Bantick!, at Deal 5th August, from Ade- laide. Danish Beauty, at Liverpool 25th, August, from Adelaide. Clodlan, at Deal 20th August, from Adolaido. Charles Palmor, at Deal 20th August, from More- ton Bay. Colombo, at Deal 17th August, from Now Zaaland. Commodore, at Gravesend 17th August, from Wel- lington. Cover Castle, at Deal 20th July, from Melbourne. Earl of Southesk, at Gravesend 22nd August, from Port Adolaido. Electric, at Gravesend 17th August, from Sydnoy. England, at Gravesend 17th August, from Auck- land. Himalaya, at Plymouth 20th August, from Canter- bury. James Longton, at Liverpool 18th August, from Adolaido. . John Duthie, at Gravesend 27th July, from Sydnoy. John Barbour, at Livorpool 0th August, from Now Zealand. Mohn Masterman, at Deal 21st August, from Sydney. Matoaka, at Deal 15th August, from Now Zea- land, Maori, at Livorpool 30th July, from Now Zealand. Monkchestor, at Gravesend 30th July, from Moreton Boy. . .? Highflyer, nt Falmouth 20th August, from Mel- bourne Sea Breeze, at Deal 8th August, from Sydnoy. Serene, at Liverpool 7th August, from Adelaide. Star of tho Mersey, at Deal 5th August, from Ade- laide. Sophio, at Gravesend 0th August, from Adolaido. Southern Cross, at Gravesend 21st August, from Auckland. True Briton, at Gravesend 17th August, from Mel- bourne. Volocidado, at Gravesend 20th August, from Otago. Witch of tho Tecs,, nt Deal 21st August, from New Zealand. . . DEPARTURES. Alfred Hawley, from Gravesend, 23rd August, for Moreton Bay. Albert william, from Livorpool Oth Auguät, for Adelaide. Aruanah, from Gravesend 24th August, for Launces- ton. Colonial Empire, from Gravesend loth August, for Sydney. City of Adolaido, from Plymouth 30th July, for Adelaide. Damascus, from Gravesend 21st August, for Port Phillip. Duchess of Lancaster, from Liverpool 14th August, for Adelaide. Donald M'Kay, from Livorpool 25th August, for Melbourne. Flechero, from Liverpool 14tli August, for Mel- bourne. Oleo Malden, from Deal 17th August, for Port Phillip. James Lister, from Deal 2nd August, for 8yduey. Jason, from Deal 3rd August, for Sydney. Mediator, from Gravesend 24th August, for Mel- bourne. La Hoguo, from Gravesend SOtli July, for Sydney. Nourmalial, from Deal 23rd August, for Sydney. Superb, from Gravesend! 7th"*August, for Port Phillip. rlL l P- "'.5s » St. "Loonard, 'from - DcaltOth »August, for Ade- laide.-' . I"*, Sparkenhoo, ' from Seal 21st August, for Port Phillip. < i>, , ? " War Hawk, from Oravosend 20th August, for Mel- bourne. >v -; Wogoola, from Gravesend 13th August, for Hobart Town. <. Water Nymph, from Doal 22nd August, for Auck- land. Yatala, from Deal 4th August, for Adolaldo. ?< Zephyr, from Deal 17th August, for Swan Rlvor. Somersetshire (s.), from Qravesond 2HU August for Holbourne. Queen of the Colonies, from Gravesend24th August, forMoroton Bay. SHIPS LOADING. AT LOUDON. . For Port Phillip.-Holmselalo, Glendower, Warrior Macduff, Omar Pasha, Ernestine Lady MolviUe! Empress, Canterbury, Prince Charlie, Truo Briton, Dover Castlo, Dandenong. For Goolong. - alondowor, Ernestine, Empress, Dandenong. For Sydney.-Parramatta, Bucton Castlo, Canaan Cospatrlck, William Duthie, Christiana Thompson John Duthie, Sir Robert Solo, Landsborough, Sobraon, Orwell, Earl Dalhousie. For Adolaldo.-St. Vincent, Orient, Alwvnton, Duke of Sutherland, Darra. For Swan Rivor.-Daylight, Hastings. For Wellington.-Wild Duck, Leichardt. ' For Otago.-Coteno, Invercargill, Chile. For Auckland.-Alexandrina. For Nelson.-Queen Bee. For Moroton Bay.-Flying Cloud. For Brisbane.-Nonpariol. For Canterbury.-Mermaid, Matoaka, For Hobart Town.-Windward, Harrowby. ¡For Launceston.-Fugitivo. , For Invercargill.-Witch of tho Tecs. AT LIVERPOOL. For Molbourno,-City of Melbourne, Shalimar, An- tiope. For Sydney.-Globo, Esmeralda, Mary and Esther. For Adelaide.-Tasso. VESSELS SPOKEN WITH. Sirene, Adolaido to Livorpool, July 13,25 N. 49 W. Essex, London to Melbourne, Juno 12,20 S., 30 W. Walter Hood, London for Sydney, July 17,17 H., 27 W. * Tills ship was much ovordue, and twenty guineas premium had recently been paid to effect fresh In- surances. TUE Warhawk, s., from London for Melbourne, arrived at Newhaven, having damaged bulwarks, stanchions, mast, sails, and steam-chest, by collision, on August 21, with the brig Heroine. THE TRADE OUTRAGES IN SHEF- FIELD. Sir. Overend and his co-examiners-Mr. Chanco and Mr. Barstow-have made a. report to the Trades Union Commissioners of .their inquiry into the Sheffield outrages. They say: "The first subject which engaged our at- tention was that of rattening. Battening is a mode of enforcing payment of contributions to and of compliance with the rules of the union. The wheelbands, tools, and other materials of a workman aTe taken and held iii pledge until he has satisfied the society by payment of his arrears¡ or by submitting to tho rules which ho has infringed.' At first it was denied that tho unions connived at this practice, but wo had not proceeded far with our investigation beforo it was admitted on all hands that rattening had been for a long timo prevalent in the grinding trades and in all trades connected with them. It is fair to the unions to say, that in the majority of cases where the demands of the union have been complied with, and a payment of a small sum for the expenses of rattening has been made, the 'property taken has been, restored. Battening is always done in the inte- rests of the union, and very commonly by the direction of the secretary, who negotiates with the party rattened for the restitution o£ his property. In some cases a member of the union, without express authority, rattens another member who is known to have in- curred the displeasure of the society, and takes his chance of having his act adopted by the union. Recourse is seldom had to the police to recover property so taken away, but application is almost always made to the secretary of the union immediately the loss of tools, &c;, is ascertained. The practice of .rattening is well known to bo illegal, and persons detected in illegally taking away pro- perty have frequently been convicted and Íiumshed. The excuso offered by tho unions or this system is, that in the absence of legal powers rattening affords the most retidy means of enforcing payment of contributions and obedience to the rules of the union. The system of rattening generally proved success- ful in effecting its object. If, bowover, the person rattened continues refractory, ho com- monly receives an anonymous letter warning him of the consequences of his obstinacy. li this warning is disregarded, recourse has been, had to acts of outrage, tho nature of which will be understood from a perusal of the case« actually investigated by us." A number of cases, as they affect each union, are taken in the order of time of their occurrence. With regard to tho Saw Grinders' Union, the examiners say : " The fact of these outrages having been done in the interest of the trado was well known to the union, and although in one or two instances individual members had pro- tested against them, yet nothing like an in- vestigation had been demanded, nor had thero been any general vote of condemnation of these .acts until the case of Fearnehough occurred, when public indignation was aroused, and then the outrage was de- nounced, and a reward was offered by the union for the detection of the offenders. The whole of the above offences wero con- certed by Broadbcad, and sums amounting to nearly £200 had been taken by him out of the funds of the union to pay the parties who committed them. Although theso acts were not proved to have been directly authorised by the union, there must have been a knowledge, or at all events a well grounded belief, amongst its members that they wero done, not only in the interests of their society, but through the agency of some one or more of their govern- ing body ; and we report that all the above outrages were promoted, encouraged, and con- nived at by the Saw-grinders' Union ; and that tho Hereford-street outrage was pro^ motod and encouraged by the Saw-grinders', Saw-makers', and Saw-handle Makers'Unions. The following members of the Saw-grinders' Union have been engaged in the concerting: or perpetration of outrages :-William Broad head, Dennis Clark, Jospph Copley, Samuel Crookes, Phineas Dean (dead), James Hallam, George Pearce, George Shaw, Elijah Smith, (dead), and John Taylor (dead)." In conclusion the examiners say : "Wo believe that there are about sixty trades' unions in Sheffield, of which thirteen have promoted or encouraged outrages within the meaning of tho Trades' Union Commis- sion Act, 18(57. We have to report that thoro has not occurred > -within the last ten, years any act of intimidation, outrage, or wrong promoted, encouraged, or connived at, by any association of employers. We point to the year 1859 as tho one in which outrage was most rife, and we notice with pleasure that it has diminished since that time. During the course of our investigation, matters connected with trades' tmions (such as the number of apprentices allowed to each work- man, and the class from which they may be taken, the remuneration of labour, the re- straints exercised upon voluntary action, and the rules and general policy of trades' unions) have frequently been brought beforo our notice. These, bowover, are questions for the consideration of tho Boyal Commission sitting in London, and we purposely avoid making any observations upon them." A singular meeting was held at Sheffield on August 13. It was composed of members of the Saw-grinders' Society, and was called to consider a proposal to expel Broadhcad and. Crookes, whose names wore so prominent at the recent inquiry at Sheffield, from the union Thcmeeting, which was largely attended, re- solved first that, as tig! examiners' report; treated tho society of saw- grinders as ac- complices, they_ would " declino going into any justification of theso things being done, beyond asserting that they are but tho effects of a cause-tho want of some property regulated legislativo measures bind- ing men in some dcgieo to what is honour- able, just, and good." They added, "We, therefore, cons)dering well our present position, declino to disgiace ourselves as cowards hy deserting the men who have taken upon themselves the task of risking their lives and their liberties for what thoy believed to be tho good of the institution, and whoso acts the examiners havo placed to the account of the whole society, as well as to the actual perpetrators and accessaries." They then repudiated as libellous the notion that Broadhcad has been reinstated, inasmuch as he never was expelled. In a second resolution they " earnestly recommended" all members of trade unions to abstain from acts "of rattening, intimidation, outrage, and violence, having full confidence that it is tho intention. of the Legislature to give the labour question that consideration to which it is entitled." They trust, also, "that its deliberations will be so wisely directed as to remove tho causes for those illegal acte being dope." Printed and published by Huon GROROB, at Toa Allons Office, Collins-street, Melbourne, for WlLSOJt and MACSIKKOK proprietors. 