TOUfTT J ' [Notloe.-Addition! and corrections totha foUowinf table an invited. Notice* of aeoond olerott match**, with namee of players, will be imttttd if wat ia te the week they are to take place.] HATCHES TO COMB, JlNUABT. * 1, 4. M.O.C. y. ou Bait Melbourne Ground. THE INTERCOLONIAL MATCH. VICTORIA V. NEW SOUTH WALES; (BY OCR SPECIAL REPORTER.) FIRST DAY.-THURSDAY.: ' , The eleventh match between the champion elevens of New South Wales and Victoria commenced on Thursday, on the Melbourne Cricket-ground. Before going at once in me dias res to-describe the match before us, it may not be uninteresting to look back to the Jime when the Intercolonial Match was in itiated, and briefly notice the varied fortune which has attended the rival elevens in the field. How or by whom the idea of an inter colonial exhibition of cricket originated we are hardly in a position to state, as our remi niscences of cricket in Victoria do not extend so far back, it having been our misfortune, from & cricket point of view, to arrive here just as the last ball was being bowled in the firirt match, which terminated in favour of New South Wales by three wickets. This was in March. 1856. Compared to the play we now witness, the cricket of that day may be termed primitive, and we remember beihg lately interrogated as to the fact whether some players of that time did actually, as had been reported, play without shoes and stockings. Such undoubtedly was the case; and this pe culiarity was noticeable for some time. That, first match was a grand affair in its way, and from the novelty of the thing created perhaps more interest than any that has succeeded it. Those who now look on the splendid ground of the M.C.C., with its pavilion and reserves so neatly kept, would hardly recognize it as it appeared in March, 1856, with alow iron hurdle fence round it, through which the cattle from the paddock would occasionally break, and after taking their fill of clover, quietly com pose themselves to rest on the best wicket-ground. Erratic goats used to camp in the pavilion, and a flock of sheep was no unusual sight from the verandah. But we have changed all that now, and may pride ourselves on possessing the most picturesquely situated and most perfect cricket-ground in the world. In those days, before the names of Gid. Elliot, Jerry Bryant, and George Marshall had be come household words amongst cricketers, Sydney believed in underhand bowling, the veritable grubber, of all paces and lengths, hoppers, shooters, and full pitches, and having won the day, persisted in that belief until it was rudely shaken two years after wards, to the complete discomfiture of those who put their faith in it. When we remem ber what a bowler Elliot proved himself after < wards, and that he played in that first match, we can hardly understand how it was that Sydney plucked the laurels. Of course there were excuses made then as now, and it was whispered that a ball on the second night of the match and its attendant champagne, and short hours, had a prejudicial effect on Vic torian eyesight. And when we note that Victoria only scored twenty-eight in her second innings, such a thing seems highly probable. Huweyer, the first match was played and won by N. S. Wales by three wickets. It was, in every sense of the word, a pleasant match; It promoted a friendly inter change of civilities and Rood fellowship between thecricketera of the two colonies, ana it was arranged that an annual match should be played. The natives returned to Sydney jubilant; and Victorians pondered over the result, and . determined that, if possible, in the succeeding year the boot should be on the other leg. Twelve months slipped away, and the Inter colonial Match was again on the tapis. Vic toria's cricket rankshadbeen stronglyrecriiited. Two names, since well known in the cricket world, appeared on. the roll. Tommy Wills and Hammersloy, and besides them were Jerry Bryant (a spectator only of the first match, owing to illness), George MarohalLtaid Gid. Elliott. Then there was also Dick Couhtock, or Old Mahogany, as he was after wards called. . Victoria was strong, and leckoned victory a certainty. WeU do we remember that secondjnatch, how the eleven went Ilubbedwithliope in the City of Sydney, under Captain Mooaie, and returned down: cast with despair in the same vessel; how in, those days, When no telegrapli united the two cities, we arrived at thewnarf, bringing the hews of our own defeat,, and how we Our-' selves proclaimed the s&d; tidings to the solitary individual Who had come down to-, Sandridge to. meet us on our return-Mr. Fairfax. But mingled with our sorrow were > soothing Tfcoollections of the splendid recep-1 tion the cricketers of Sydney n&d; given ns the dinner presided over w the'Governor, and attended by some 300 of : thebfcst people' in Sydney, the balls!andpionic* excursions on the bay, Ac. " If they beat nsafc cricket, remarked one of our eleven, "they have done it in a veiy handsome manner; and we ve had a glorious time of it at Sydnflr." How ever, our time came. <3ood judges had takfen notes, and had come to the conclusion that on very true wickets, with a straight bat, it was Dossible to take the sting oat of Sydney, grupbere.' And in January 1858 we broke bowling and wontherttateh-"-our first match. We haveWan prewat At many matches where the best elevens 4n the world bare taken part, but w» never remember Mich a scene a* on that memorable w»asion~ ? a^endid waa^er, crowds en fiWtoSydney's fifty-seven *nd sixty-nine. ltms wewon; for the rtna. The highest soon was made by Tommy WUto -twelve afiU not out tety-nlne; anothier, __«> -were Brwjt, vvray, L; Htedner«ley, Re«j the un«of ^M.C.C.'Tom HamU ~ bo«t imd^MMest longstop Vic firboalayedta theffirtt mtttch o! alLand.is nowtheaolerepresentatlt'etrfolaenlimesin the present etpven. J!|[£ theground another of tfoe then eleven, Har"> taiiWdand wa were glad to seehimlooki! hearty and well We m that 5*53* in that match Mr. Ifctuw firat atood I Xnpiw. and Mr. ,ffipw«U.aeorei^ Fortune, ?AMii W then; been so kind jto Victoria, stack to her, and to thrajuoooedl*" I J- ^ t VIIV &UI; wUlvU ^f||a w»eo:;<st ? -Melbourne, > being a ' much more derided affair^-Yictol-ia wnningwith sixty* niftft ,n»tf tip the y good., The next contest ^.twacpfonies yraa inM62, when the firpt JUl-Lngl^,nd Eleven were here.. tThe go. in >vhich " Caffyn, Stephenson, <ahd " the colotaiste what " cricket IhiFSrtei j"18, intercolonial cricket, ? j ihto, tiie ah&de;, And the match was pJayed'^before a beggarly array of, em pity benches. . George Marthall was the Vicfcoriin skipper, and well ,did' the bond under shim' acquit themselves, as thp game . was all bht J,.on m one innings, viz., by ten, -wickets, The captain made tlurty.fiy&j; Jack Huddle, stone forty-four; B. Wardill, thirty- aifci Malnnson, nineteen : and J. B. Thompson, sixteen. The principal bowlersthea were Jack'' Conway,Stewart (teft handed), Sam Cosstidk, and Jetty Bryant. ForlfewSouth WalesGilbert and Nat. Thompson did most execution with toe willow, we then come to "64, when the , matchwfcs ployed at Sydney, And ended in o misunderstanding, o'er which the least toid now the better; but, unfortunately, th«i differ ences wniph arose led ,to a suspension of the matches for a year, during which the Albert and In. C.C, clubs played a return mattih,;one atMel bourne and the other at Sydney* Cncketers, however, cannot be bad friends long, and all the tall talk could not prevent th£. .General denfe that the intercolonial exhibitions of cricket should be renewed from being gratified. The right men in both colonies were at the head of cricket; a little coquetting and interchange of courteous correspondence ensued, a Victorian Associa tion was formed,- and. the annual matches were resumed, amidst general expressions of satisfaction. The Sydney Eleven came here nrst, and were well received, as they always are, by the public, and truth compels us jto state, were too well beaten-we say too wejl, as we don t believe in runaway matches, but prefer close and exciting games. However, there is no playing cricket to order. Men will score if bowling is loose, which the Sydney bowling was. ana the result was a one innings affair in Victoria's favour-the first of the series. This match is so recent, we need scarcely allude to it; but amongst many good scores specially we would note Fowler's nne performance, which he repeated after wards in the single-wicket match. A change then came o er the spirit of our dreams. We went to Sydney, again confident of success, and our men returned defeated, and some wild disgraced, in that they did not so con duct themselves as to merit victory. Victoria was beaten easily in one innings. This made ten matches, of which there were six to the credit the younger colony; the eleventh is that which it is now our business, after this bnef introduction, to report. We never remember any previous match in which there has been so much difference of opinion as to the result. At the time we write, when Victoria has made so large a score, it is scarcely proper to predict a re sult. There are so many chances in cricket, and Sydney has some good batsmen to fight an uphill game. But there's no denying it's a good beginning, a good; bank to draw on that 252 runs, of which Mr. Wardill has made 110 in such splendid style. How many of those who have been prophesying all manner of evil things expected «uch a performance ? We must confess to being ourselves puzzled in summing up chances, and never heard so many contradictory opinions expressed. Some would have Victoria at no price; not a ghost of a chance; never practise together; this one has lost his defence, that his hitting, another had no nerve, and all were quite out of form, except perhaps Gibson and Robert son. whom the general verdict allowed to be up to the mark. The wildest enthusiast could hardly have dared to take a veiy long shot that anyone in the Victorian team would get a hundred runs. Victoria was, in fact, arqr thing but first favourite. - Nor ido we ever re member when cricket has been so slow, as it has been this year. What between the weather and the Prince, a wet blanket was thrown over it, and to judge from the practice daily seen on the M.C.C. ground until a >eriod very close to the match, it could lardly be supposed that so important a match as the Intercolonial was to be played. Mean time, all sorts of disquieting rumours carae 1 from Sydney. .They were practising there in earnest, and if they did not win they would deserve to do so. They had no Prince to divert their attention, no wet weather, and they were gradually working -up into fine form. So time slipped along; oar' match committee sheeted/ sixteen playera who never met to practise, and they then chose ten who followed the example of the sixteen. In justice to a few it mnst.be .said they did their best to alter such a rotten state in our cricketing affairs. Gibson used to ply his axebandle to some purpose, showing it was almost as easy to play withit aawith a -bat. Conway was regular at the net, bowling away to. jallobmers. Tommy Wills worked wwmrw wwvhw ««w»m »v «vi, uuv preferred a single-wicket match with the professor to bowlihg against the cracks. And so time wingedi ts way, the eventful day dra w ting on, until at{enguithe .final aeieotaon was Sade,. and " the Eleven" was posted up In e pavilion. Then it was seen tiiat AUen, the South Melbourne bowler, was one of the chosen, and to the surprise of most people. PhiUips'» :n*SMv was omitted; fwm the Mt,! Fowler being the other, rejected ,one. Tfyi» latter change.was an ticipated by toOBt persons, as he had shaped very badly in practice. On Saturday, the 21st inst,, the Alexandra steamed into Port Phillip Bay, bringing all the Sydney team exoeptCaffyn and Coates, and they took np their .quarters at Webb's Parade Hotel, where they had. been #o«om fortably accommodated on a previous occa sion. The Eaat Melbourne and lUchmond grounds were plaoed at their dispbeal/find their playin practice was eagerly watched. From what we could see./we were not dispo&bd; to think Ion favourablyof VictoriaVohajiee. The twwling didnot appear to »s haU^ovobd as had been represented, neither did the o4t>, tuigquitepleaieus, but in fieldihgtbeywdre »®ootttoonlF smwt .Caffra $nd poatee urtoji brttwnext bofitbttmeir umpire, Jitv < Driver, WMWableJ»l6»ve Sydney, and^r. Neale offidated in his stead, Thuswe have cursorily glanced at the antecedents <>f .thin match. We mayadd that the weather for the.; waj, wk! better <meft4fcer mttst be fastidious inthe extreme. :? rv-o-,; . .<?. i A more lpvely day lororioket than TfenrsT by pftMlSf'tslottds, there araiTeix . hiUiatfogItmIwqm *ln< the air which wta , wesaw one of the Sydney men, E. Gregory, veiy. ne^r being put' Aprs de combat from a l^bHTd hit ball «h fctniCkhlm Onthe head. These we, however, unconsitteredtrfflee.and after thelaBt practice balHifad JbeeA bdwled Mid ithe,-iaefr;ptticUce hit anade we.,took a n^er yiewof ^ wic^ta. Md pronounced them; Quite to oar satisfaction.- Meantime ithe Victfortyn Elfeyen l^dmetintheptwiiion fthd electM'theirtaptain, iiV>}ii1my Wills,and betwieen him andLatirehce, the Sfdtifey £a,i> taitf, tn(e UBnal c^t'eirittny ;Of 'toe?ing "a;c<Mn 'ttrttt tottk'place, Laurence cryingHead," wttichit was.wLaurencGhwlQhoiceof innihfcs. After tome deliberation Ate decided ontakin? the,field. and et fiveminutes pasttwel.ve.the Sydney .Eleven in. white, with jbl^Le ribbons bn The customary three cheers were riven, and responded; to by the spectators, andso the matchbegan. . i" .. t . Nat. ThompBon. fi'om the easternwiciket, bowled the first Over to Wardili, bet nothing came frotm it excepta bye. The New tScmth Wales field-was thus plac«d-Hewitt,.sribket; Lauren^ pojnt;. Gilbert, longstop; E.Gre goiy, mid- wicket; Sinclair, long-leg; Sheri dan, long-slip: Caffjn, cover-point . Coates, the left-hand bowler, went on at t>he other end to Wardili, afid a bye wasrnn'tne second ball, Gibson -playing the remainder 'of' "the over fornothing. Thompson's next was a maiden, Wardillplaying in the slips, but the ball was fielded well, and no run gat ,: Then Coates bowled a maiden to Gibson, bat there was a.fine chance for a hit to leg, which Gib son missed. In the next over of Thompson's the ice was broken, Wardili making & single to cover-point, which was badly fielded; and Gibson ditto to the on, by niausual play under his leg. In Coates's next over Gibson made a drive to. the off, but the ball was well fielded; he, however, got a single under his leg the next. In Nat.- Thompson's next over a bye was cleverly run by Wardili, who made a twp in the slips by very neat play. From Coates, next over, Gibson got a single to leg the third ball, but the first two were loose ones, and deserved pepper. From the last ball Wardili was very nearly run out stealing a bye, which put the first ten on the tele graph. The next two overs were maidens, ana then Gibson got a brace on the on side by good play, and then a single from Thomp son ; he thru poked Coates on the on side, not elegantly but safely, for two. Two more maidens followed, ana then Gibson got his first three from Coates by a hit over the bowler's head, which caused the telegraph to proclaim twenty runs, an announcement re ceived with great cheering. This steady pity brought on Laurence's slows at Thompson's end-a maiden to start with. Coates's next over was a very bad one, but Wardili only got a single from it. Laurence then bowled a maiden, two byes being run; but from Coates's next Gibson got another three by a hit over the bowler's head, and Wardili the same by a bit to the on, hardly o. k., but safe, and the telegraph announced another ten-thirty up. In Laurence's next over Gibson hit the firet fourer-a good drive, greeted with hearty cheers. Then Dave Gregory relieved Coates, and from his second ball Wardili stole a ran, Gregory taking a shot at the wicket Gibson then poked for a brace; and Wardili from Laurence's next got a two to leg and a single off the last ball. Forty on the telegraph, and clapping of hands from the stand. From Laurence's next over Wardili cut for three; and thenGibsonhit the last ballright up to the M.C.C. fence, but Nat. Thompson was just in the spot, and the first wicket fell for forty-five inns, Gibson having scored twenty-one by good steady play. Conway was next and scored off Gregory's second trail a single; he then scored off Laurence, two to leg, and a single to the 6ff, following.it op by a brace off Gregory by nice play to the on, and then a two to leg. .This good opening was, however, not to last long, as Conway got stumped in Laurence's next over; and the second wicket fell for fifty-four rons, Conway having made eight, and seeming tobatwith gTeat confidence, and as if he meant mischief. Then came Kelly, but not for long, as he only played the two last balls of the over,. Wardili making a very fine off drive for four from Gregory and atrwo to leg; but in Laurence's next over Kelly put one up to short-leg, and was- instantly snapped by Coates. Three wickets, sixty, runs. Then came Robertson, from Whom some good play was expected, a hope be funs'1 realised. ? His first ball from Lawrence he got a single, andthen from Gregory made a cut for lour, rather uppish, but there was no one in the way. W ardili made a very pretty off hit for a brace the next over of Laurence's; and then in Gregory's next over Robertson made first two to lig and. then a very brilliant cut for four; all on. the ground, the best hit up to that time. Only four more overs were bowled before luncheon, Coates going on at Gregory's end, "and nothing worthnbticewas done, but'the telegraph proclaimed eighty, and. both men waere. nyell set j Up to this period the bowling was Jwt particularly: good, but the fielding was, find the men were well posted. Alter luncheon the two "batsmen began to make running, Coates afad Thompson being the bowlers. The firstsensational hitwas made by Robert son, an off drive for four all on the groand, followed'up 'soon after bjr a three; a good off hit from Coates, and ninety was soon pro claimed. Singles were then the outer of; the day, until from one of Coatee's ov«« Robert over a single to Robertson and a bye pro claimed 100 upon the telegraph, amidst 'bad demonstrations of delight from thb spectators. Thenf ollowed a consultation, which resultedin ? <3ilbertbeingdeputed to tiyhisslowsat Coates's end, ?. Careful play was the order with him; but -W^i^ who^od now got h&<?ye to ting with , fetiit by hitting Gilbert for four, ' Gorfon hardly pmching the ball UOupon felegrfepb. Two oVers after this Wardill h.it a htU mhn Gilbert to Coates at square-leg, wither sham and. missed; ho &en; made a GMutinnp; Thompson, which Gregory * M the t^ograplv&e; score mounting fast. -Then Robertson wbs following it up a four frota'Thomc a fine on*Wt bo the ladies' -nese>iiv-e. 1 running «as, but kept upby WajdilVwho hit Gilbert tor four, a fine «ff-hit to the ipavflton gate, aadthen^^i^etp l?f, Jfore WMid^oin. and! ^uiwca, wltjh &W;& ? feitofid"hits, OT vwr ^h'«i6 tel^rtjaph %S^alteWd to lao.'^ws Sydftey bowling wwnttw inQueer .fe^and&emtttri;^lus wmnd-nrm tat Laurence's end, beginning with a wide, and % it, for pr i^theifceottd Otftf^after Robertson bad made a frarfhlt'tpOdBitee at ebort-leg,, which "wii not- tflkett; -'ke^Jras caught the *>eitfc bjril, close to the irtdfc^^he baU'catching the edge of the bat 4nd going up. . Hie fourth Wicket thus fell tat ut. of ? which Robertson wade fifty-tbiwe, withfttit a chance. He played a beautifal inninga.cpod defenbe, and tr&}, trUe bitting Cdmttraed. WillieCampbell W*a caught at the Wicvtttthe first ball; and then' Sam-Cfcsstldk'tatf&^his appearance. Between him atid WarSllFthe score soon ran up (jo 180, Watdfrl mfiSflns a four to leg off Caffyn, almost cutting (W&t; the umpfrein sodoing. 8am washotl^ftgingetiing hissix, bntTather flukily, aild lie wai $&i;&ht; at mid-off from Caffyn. Six Wickets,lB6 funs. Then followed Tommy Wills, the captain, a Fpecial cheer being given him.Wheh'the telegraph proclaimed 190 the pUyets stopped five minutes to refresh the il^neir man. JOn resuming play it was evident Wills had made tip bis mind for a score, as he played very cautiously. Just befote the 200 appeared on the board Ward ill bad a narrow squeak of being run out, falling in the middle of the ground, but be cleverly contrived to toll within the crease. In the next over, in bitting to leg, he put the Ml up rather, and Gilbert made a good effort to get near it; trat just failed ; the next ball Wills made a tfeat cut for three. And so the game went on until another ten was passed by Mr. HipWell, and then E. Gregory relieved Caffyh; tout it was no use. WaroilTs wicketwas impreg cable to all assaults, and Wills was well Bet also. 220 up. Another change, Coates going to at Hewitt's end to Wills for a maiden. This slow work was relieved by Wardill making a fourer by a fine off hit from Coates to the M.C.C. reserve, amidst loud cheers; and Tommy, to keep the running up, cut Coates up to the fence for four, quite d Ja Caffyn, Another ten up, and change again, Dave Gregory vice Coates ; but Wardill opened his shoulders, and made a splendid off hit to the pavilion fdr four, and then a single. Tbia brought him to face E. Gregory, and from the second ball of the over Wardill made a very sharp off hit. low and skimming, light into Caffyn's bauds, who was just in the spot, and thus terminated his innings. WardiQ was at the wickets four hours and twenty minutes, and retired amidst a storm of cheers, with thb long score of 110. His innings was thefeeatbeever played, and the fft&diest.; His hitting was splendid, and real cricket; his defence fitst rate, and he played with great patience: as .whatever there was of good bowling he had his share, and the best snare of it, and played it well, not-having been once tempted to-in dulge bis favourite propensity for having a slog. He did not give one 'chanoe from bad play, the hard hit -to ? Coates not coming under that definition. Greeves, who fol lowed, played well for Ms eight rnns, and was verystupidly run out. Eight wifekettf, 250runs. Joe Bennett was bowled the second' ball, a full pitch-the sun being full in his eyes: and then Allen joined the. captain, and soon made a run, but lost Ins-partner. Wills being caught close the wicket, having played a ball of Hewitt's on to his foot, whence it bounded upwards. $om -Wills deserves great credit for ,his steadyplay^with Wardill, and though he missed a few chances of hitting to leg, he stopped as well as ever, and showed some good defence. Thus envied this long innings, and as it wanted but twenty minutes to six, the stumps were drawn. In the bowling we were disappointed, as it was not near up to Intercolonial form, and far inferior to what we had been led to expfect. Coates was .random and uncertain, of; no length, and'without precision. E. Gregory. Hewitt, and Thompson were the best -but after practice to Conway, Cosstick, and Wills, their bowling was easy to such'bats as Wardill and Robertson, Gibson and Conway. ' The fielding, on the "whole, was first-rate, and the men were well posted. SECOND Dat.-FBIDAT. A change -in the weather, and not favour able to cricket, the wind having veered to the north, hot and dusty. Under such .cir cumstances it was not to be supposed the at tendance would be very numerous ; nor was it so, only three or four hundred perrons being present. The m^tch was resumed at twelve punctually, and .was proceeded with under difficulties of wind and dust tiptil luncheon, when the gale gradually increased, until it culminated in a tegular hurricane and dust-storm, driving every, one to "shelter. The clouds of dust made it quite dark for. some ten minutes,: and some - fears were entertained in the . grand standfor the safety of the building, those in it rushing to the staircase to Escape; but there - was no cause for- alarm, as it stood the test jjnrell, and scarcely vibrated from the force of the storm. After a,time the' wind gbafed, and an attempt was jmade to go-go, with .the match, but then -the rain set fu, and the shivering players were glad to escape to the pavilion, where, after consultation, Janoticft ?was posted to the effect that tto'taatch should be resumed-at ten o'clock the follow ing morning. ; After all it was but a shower, and befbrp five o'clock it had set in, quite fipe again: ' The first two to represent Sidney at the .Wickets were 'Nat Thompson ^nd Sheridah to tbebowlirig of Allan 'and Conway ; &e;'^Mtter from . the, -yee^em wicket. Gibson-was'at the wicket iL Wills, Blip-; Kelly, pennt!; :W. Campbell' Wng etop; Wardill, long-leg and mid wicket; Robertson^;; eoverfBOlfft; j Bgnnett, long leg and mid-wicket Mtemately with Wardill; Greaves/third' mftiij 'Allan, shout ies£ Con way led off-with a wide, and T&ompson; made 4 single the last balL ^Phen Alliin jjowled to NWL. who hardlpfceemed*tf Ukf it ilk first, ikk Ttompfcon began- tKe *tMtiii<g"tfo^w^ejr by making a cat jpc.y^Jton. From his next ovor {Conwiiy- mvIuu; a maiden' in the foteoroe over*, until Sheridan made three for an otf-drive trom Allan, and the next ball Thompeon bk an easy catch to Willie Camp bell at long stop, which was missed for a wonder. From Wills's next over Nat made a brilliant off hit for four to.the M.C.C. re serve. bringing forth another round of cheers; tut the skipper was equal to the emergency, tried * change of ends, Allan bowling a maiden, and then getting Thompson at the cricket, " our Box' doing the tack very neatly. One, thirty-five, forty- five. Thomp son played a very good innings. Then came Dick Hewitt, and ntade rather a flukey hit from the last ball of the over; Allan a maiden, atd then Hewitt opened his shoulders and bit Tommy Wills for four to the on. But the partnership between Sheridan and Hewitt did not last long, Sheridan making a four to the off and a single from Allan, the last ball of the over being fatal to Hewitt, who played it on his wicket. Two, four, fifty, bheridan soon followed Hewitt, Wills taking a fancy to his leg-stamp. He was at the wicket a long time for his thirteen, and {days m good style, but hardly satisfied the expectations formed from the report of his being so superior a batsman. Gregory and Caffyn were the next ii*, the latter receiving a special cheer. Gregory scored his m very qrnckly, making foar off one over of Wills ; but Allan bowled him clean with one of his break-backs __four wickets, sixty-two runs. Gordon filled the vacancy, and until luncheon maidens were the order of the day, both bowlers taking three a-piece; but Allan was very near finding his way to Gordon s wicket, a coat of paint" being just the difference. After luncheon, Gordon was got rid of the second over, being caught close to the wicket, the ball going ap an easy catch off the edge of the bat. Five wickets, sixty-live runs ; Gor don only scoring a single. Lawrence joined Caffyn, and wen the dusts to rm set in, causing nearly half an hour's stoppage. On resuming play, it was very cold and un comfortable for the players, but they stuck to it about a dozen overs, when the rain set in. Both were batting steadily, but neither could take liberties with the bowling, which was very good; AJan bowling with remarkable precision and good length, as seventeen nfaidens out of twenty nirS. overs will testify. Caffyn scored one three off Wills to the off, and a very neat cut for three. The rest of the runs call for no special remark, but in the last over but one from Wills, Lawrence gave a chance at short slip to Allan, the ball going between his legs and two being scored for it Then, after another over apiece, Wills bowling the last the ralT1 came on, and the stumps were drawn for the day. Allan has fully justified the high opinion passed on his bowling, and bis youth and inexperience, pitted as be was against the best bats of Sydney, trending two of the England Eleven, his bowling is unprecedented. The fielding, Kelly excepted, was not good enough for an intercolonial team, and we hope to see it im proved considerably to-day. The match will be resumed this morning at ten a.m. sharp. The following are the scores of the match Bp to the present point: * VICTORIAN ELEVEN. rasr unrufGs. tSteon, 11121218342, e tStompaon, bLaa B.W.WiwH]L12111181181181422811 illlfcl411514S24*llll11111*1 21231*14*11*1 LeCd^yn, bE. Gregory 110 Caumg, 12122,rt Hewitt, b Umnenoe.. 8 KdW. c Coatee, blwnence 0 Itobertwm, 142*12482814414111112 4 11, c Thompson, b Hewitt 63 W. Ctapbefl, c Tbomp*», b Chflyn « fi.OoMck.lll 12, e Hewitt, bG«ffyn .. 6 Gimi%a,12212, runeut 8 J. Bennett, b Henitt 0 inot oat.. ^ 1 Byes, 10; leg-bjw,7; widsi, 6.. ..82 252 TV wickets fell thus :-1-45, 2-54, 3-60, 4-173, 5-174, 6-186, 7-235, 8-250, 9-250, 10-252. KEV SOUTH WALES ELKVKN. ynurr tsnsea. tbeawmm, 14 214 8 3 812 411814, c Gibson, bwST? 85 Sbttttau, 1131241, b Will* 13 :: ! SS^liilPJUfT :: :: f :: ::J Total (*iUi fire wicketa to Ml) B6 WkketB iell thus1-43, 2-54, 3-54, 4-G2, &65. Bowuxe Axaltbis. Victorian Etmrm.-Siwt Imhip,' BaOa. BOM. Maiden. WkketB. WMes. . « 27 6 0 0 80 44 6 0 t r .,62 a 8 « 0 S.-Gfrary ... 40 M 0 fl 0 Cfflirt .. 80 l» ' 0 0 0 Caftn WW 3 2; O uZmiu .. M 8# 8 8 8 