LORD PLUNKET. THE death of Lord Plunket, the Bishop of Tuam, occurred on October 19, at his seat, Tounnakeady, Galway. The Sight Hon. and Rev. Thomas Span Plunket, D.D., second Baron Plunket, and Irish Privy Councillor (1846), 55th Lord Bishop of Tuam, 54th Bishop of" Killala, and 55th Lord Bishop of Anohonry, was born in 1792. He was the eldest son of the famous Lord Plunket, Lord Chancellor of Ireland 1830-4, and 1835-41, by Catherine, daughter of Mr. J MCausland, of Strabane. It was Lord Chancellor Plunket who made the speech in which calling himself Hnsdrubal, he devoted all his sons to the patriotic duty of liberating his country, and afterwards, when he took the chancellorship, and gave his sons good berths, caused Cobbett to laugh at them as the Hannibal Plan loss." The eldest of these young Hanni bales was born in 1792, and graduated of St. John's College, Cambridge, M.A. 1813, D.D. 1839\. When his father became Lord Chancellor, ho, by a singular coincidence, jumped at once into a good deanery, that of Down, which he held from 1837 to 1839. He was consecrated bishop in 1839, and has been an Irish Ecclesiastical Commissioner since 1851. The income of the see is £4600, and the bishop is patron of 95 living in Galway, Mayo, and parts of Sligo, and Roscommon. His Lordship was an. extreme Evangelical, and was chiefly known in England for a ridiculous mishap which befel him a year or two ago, and caused much merri- ment. He wanted to deliver a severe charge against the High Church party, and not being able to compose one, directed his chaplain, the Rev. A. B.|C. Dallas, of Winston, Hampshire (one of the Galway mission), to compose one's,," the charge as so composed being a verbatim copy, of a charge delivered years ago by the late Archbishop of Canterbury (Sumner) to the clergy of the diocese of Chester. It need hardly be said that this unlucky circumstance was the subject of all sorts of epigrams and jokes in England, for the Bishop of Tuam was less known in England for his ability than his want of it. The wits had good scope for their mirth with Latin verse, wherein the late Archbishop Sumner was said to desire Bishop Plunket to restore " means certain," " Tuam., so poorly steam require," and the play on the phrase "means" and "there" was endless. Of late years Lord Plunket has been very active in promoting the cause of the Church in Galway- the West Connaught Church Extension Society having had a fair amount of success, and having received the unlooked for, but, so far as English churchmen, are concerned, very serviceable support of the Archbishop of Dublin himself. Lord Plunket married, in 1849, Louisa Jane, daughter of Mr. John William Foster, of Fanovalloy, Louth, and leaves issue four daughters, the second of whom married, in 1862, Colonel T. 0. Forster, eldest son of Sir George Forster, Bart., M.P. for Monaghan. He is succeeded in his title by his brother, the Hon. John Plunket, a Q.C. in Ireland, assistant barrister for the county of" Meath, who was born about 1794, was called to the Irish bar in 1817, and became Q.C. in 1837, and married, in 1824, Charlotte, daughter of the' Right Hon. Charles Kendall Busbe, by whom, he has, among other issue, a son, the Hon. and Rev. William Conyngham Plunket, Chancellor of St. Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin, who married! lately the daughter of Mr. B. L. Guinness, M.P. for Dublin. DREAMLAND. The power which in our waking moments is employed in correcting the reports of the various senses by comparing them with one another, in examining the evidence of all the impressions made on the mind, and test- ing them by the analogy of its past experience, appears in sleep to be, in most cases, totally suspended. If, for instance, an impression is made on any one of the senses, the fancy immediately connects it with some cause which has produced the sensation before, or has been considered likely to do so. This is the philosophy of the ghost which is said to attend pork suppers. The weight of undigested food in the stomach is readily attributed to some external cause : fancy combines all her ideas of the horrible, and represents a monster seated on our chest, or rather to crush us with some great weight. That this want of co-operation in the faculties is the cause of some of the most curious phenomena of dreams, is evident from many well-authenticated facts. Dr. Beattie speaks of a man who could be made to dream anything by whispering in his ear. Dr. Gregory relates of himself that, having once occasion to apply a bottle of hot water to his feet when he retired to bed, he dreamed that he was ascending the side of Mount Etna, and that he found the heat of the ground almost insufferable. Persons who have had a blister applied to their heads have been known to dream of being scalped by a party of North American Indians. Such are some of the well-known phenomena of dreams, but there are others even yet more startling. MISMATCHED COUNTIES. Matrimony cannot change human character, and when two persons of essentially antagonistic natures are unfortunately united in its bonds, it is only by the exercise of mutual forbearance that they can hope to live together in peace and amity. Intellect, therefore should never mate with imbecility, nor principle with immortality, nor purity with grossness. No good ever came of such unions, yet they take place every day. Passion blinds the judgment in these cases, and when the love lamp goes out and the ordinary daylight looks in, one of the parties, at least, is sure to stand aghast at the realities which it reveals. The most foolish thing that a fool can do is to marry a highly-gifted woman. His vanity-for all weak men are vain-is sure to take fire at the discovery, which will soon be forced upon him in spite of his stupidity, that his wifes his superior. If he is of a brutal nature, he will endeavour to shelter his natural inferiority behind his marital authority, and taunt and torture the being who by right of mind, if not bylaw, is his suzerain. If, on the contrary, he falls helplessly into the position of a dependent, and submits quietly to be guided and governed by the stronger nature to which he has allied himself, he will simply be pitied and despised. In either case, he will have cause to regret that he married above his intellectual degree, and the lady, that she stooped to conquer. More unfortunate still are those missions in which baseness is made the yoke-fellow of virtue Love, or anything approaching to it, is impossible in such contingencies. Who can feel any affection for what is vile and mean-who respect what is gross and sensual? Not all the marriage vows that ever were made before priest or deacon can compel the heart than allegiance so monstrous. Nor is the low BOld man, miss allied with a lofty-minded, pure- hearted woman, much less miserable than she. He is not capable, indeed, of the acute anguish to which her keen sense of shame and consciousness of degradation and wrong continually subject her ; but, according to his currish nature, The suffers. It has been well said of such a man, that he becomes wretched when the idea dawns upon him that the woman who does his bidding, and submits to his humors, is, in fact, his superior, and ought to be his lord that she can think a thousand thoughts beyond the power of his muddled brain that in the head on the pillow opposite to him, for a thousand feelings," mental mysteries, latest scores and rebellions, whereof he only dimly perceives the existence as they look furtively from her eyes ; treasures of love doomed to perish without a hand to gather them j sweet fancies and images of beauty that might grow and unfold themselves into flower; bright wit, that might glitter like diamonds could it be brought into the sun and the tyrant in possession crushes the outbreak of all these, drives them back, like slaves, into the dungeon and the darkness, and then chafed at the thought that his sworn bondswoman is rebellious his wretched subject undutiful and refractory at heart, if not in deed. Ax English cockney at the Falls of Niagara, when asked how he liked the Falls, replied : " They're 'andsome-quite so ; but they don't quite Kaiser my expectations ; besides I got vetted, and lost me 'at. I prefer to look at 'era in an engraving, in of weather, and in the 'house." 