GRAND STEEFt,EOHASE-lS07. The grand Legislative Stakes will be run for on Tuesday. August 6—Prince Alfred's birthday—and tli; event is likely to cause very considerable ex citement. There are seven entries, and taken a3 a whole they are as miscellaneous a lot as ever came on the legislative Course. There are Rood horses amongst them, and weedy screws who have not the ghost of a chance. I give you below the names of the horses, with some particulars of their history:— Crusoe.—A compact well-built animal, in capital condition, lie has been brought up m a warm comfortable stable, tie is not so familiar with the turf as lie ought to he; hut it is said that up the Darling bis paces are well known, and those who know him best have most confidence in him. He will show good running, and his friends are enthu siastic about liim. Eagle's Nest.—This veteran animal comes out once more, though nobody can find out who are b s backers. He has amazing pluck, but he is getting very eld. His temper is rather short; and tchmt it- nalc nifflail lio " rnars a tinrrimiTiA " when it gels ruffled he " roars a hurricane.' Mohganum.—A good steady horse, whose friends are very sweet upon him. This will be his fi-st race; but those who have watched him in the pad dock and in some private gallops have great confi dence in him. He has nerer goffered from flatu lency like some of the animals that have been brought forward. It is said that a little dodger who wanted to spoil his running tried hard to force a ball labelled "squatter" down his throat a few days ago, hut Morganum laid down his cars and snapped so wickedly that the trick was not suc cessful. Stabltsbot.—A big horse who has teen long used to the road; has many admirersm all parts of the colony. His supporters are supposed to be up to a move- or two. and are working hard to get him well plaeed. He is said to know the course well. Though he is sometimes known as "Kounseveh" he must not be confounded with " Saniivell," a small and much inferior animal Nimble Njbepekce.—Aced. An animal of pure breed, whose pedigree can be traced through many generations. He is said to have come- from the Arabian stock. He has considerable bottom in him, and has- shown good running os former occasions. He was once successful in contesting the Assembly Stakes, but be lias been beaten once er twice for the Legislative honours. He has pluck without vise, and will show well in frcnt. V r ft AGO.—A rather heavy looking mare with good points about her. So far but few of her friends have made much" of licr, and there seems an-indis position to take her up with anything like- enthu siasm. Some thiaksiie will be well up in the race, nevertheless, as she is tougher than showy. Grstward —A small brute, with a con siderable development of cheek and jaw. Ete has come forward at small country gatherings, where he has never done much, and his appearance for the Legislative Stakes has pretty considerably astonished the turf. It is said he is being trained on the new protection horse-feed, and is made to swalow large quantities of this deleterious- stuff etfery day, the effeat of which is already seen in several dangerous attacks of flatuleucy. His chances are small. These scraps of" information about the horses publicly entered mav be interesting to your readers. There is a great diversity of opinion as to- the chances of the several animals. Eagle's Nest*and Grey Ward will, itts supposed by the knowing, be at the bottom of the UeL Some are disposed to place money on the-mare Virago, but it is ffeared her friends are not sufficiently active on her behalf. The running will probably be made by Chisoe, Morganum, Nimble Niuepence, and Virago. Stahleboy will be well up. but not amongst the first lot. Touchstone. 