SUNDAY AFTERNOON LECTURES. The Rev John Storie delivered a m ist i interesting lecture at the Theatre Royal, i on Sunday afternoon, to a large and atten- ! tive audience. James A. Dunn, Esq oc_ I cupicd the chair, and on the stage were ! theRev J. W. Simmons, John Foster, E?q, and the members of the committee. . The rev gentleman had selected as the i title of his leclure, " What will he make of it?" and proceeded to elucidate his subject in the following style. 1 his is orobably the question of every parent here in respect to cradled lube, or liis hoy at school; and - though a great * destiny " is u before ~'—- them '' to i make or mar, yet little is written on their ; brow to teTl what it shall be. Ages ago, ' there lay in two ciadles in the same land, perhaps in the same year, two infants, both their parents' hope; and no doubt each planned out a glowing future for his ba e. The one grew up smart, pushing, witn an eye to the main end; ambitious to rise; pro- leasing religion, that he might push up, imd touch money not his own. The other, i n the fear and faith of God ; not craving ' UT money, nor gay clothes; allowing himself in no sin and daring to rebuke the wrong deeds of the people, the publicans, the soldier?, and ei'en the king And what did these young men make of it? 'Jhe one baptized the Redeemer of the World ; the other betrayed Him to the cross. Now God has a p!sn cherished in His brart for e.-ich of yot. ; «rest end that head, and heart, and conscience, and po.-itinn fit you for; that he will help you to reach ; thai you cannot hi! to reach cx.-ept by some great. fault. A ^re.it destiny that V' U too mav make or mar. Now what will you make of it? What have you made? What are you making now? In some of the great wool towns at home tl:ere are two great branches of manufacture— fhoddy, broadcloth. l or shoddy, you may see waggons of woollen rags driving to the mill«; rags from every land; rags irorn the dust heap, the gaols, the bos pitals; from the Si-arecrow and from the gibbet; foul, -filthy, leprous. That is the material. . i ho machine 13 carefully enclosed anil boxed in, for no living man could s-tand its puiiiJ exlialati m; within it are great cylinders, revolving in opposite wavs, armt ii with sharp hooks, wrenching, teari* g, lathing. 'I hi* nia-hine is known l-y the very emphatic uauie tf tiie devil; these sharp teeth, his claw-. ! lie filthy rags put in at the top, <;• ine oi.t at ths bottom like coarse wool j in itsel; fit for nothing, i.u- mixed v,u;i a little Wool to make it bind, well oi!c<-, coaxed, pir.-uadeU and compelled' into foim. it is finally woven iuto a coarse loth; rough inside, smart andglossj - outside, thai may keep a man liom the cold, and dress him in the dark. '1 ha manufacturers are on the whole somewhat ashamed of their trade and tradesmen dont like to acknowledge the article, aad try to pa?s it off for go:jd broad-cloth. Now broadcloth is creditable as a manufacture. It is madj not iroin rags, but wool, ths fleece that the la Tib once wore. Ko "devil" helps in this manulacture, n.i man is ashamed to weave it, no tailor to make it up, no gentleman to wear it, and even seven years ol 1 it looks respectable, gentlemanly, venerable, very far from " shabby." You see then that to manufacture an article with a fair outside and a rotten heart, from filthy rags, with the help of the devil, is a thing that sooner or later, iu tfie market or the wearing, s man comes to be ashamed of. To work out a fair fabric from the material God provides and with God's help, is a thing that neither soon nor late, in the market or in the wearing, is any man ashamed of. Now neighbours we have a work »et us in this great workshoo, a web to weave and finish; some twenty, thirty, or forty years allowed, with wages aud rations. What have we made of it? What are we making ? " Shoddy," or the work that will iast? A sood many have tried to work aud filled, failed greviously. Let us take some cases and try to find theieason Let the first be a statesman, a man of high intellect and high birth. He entered Parliament at twenty, was prime - minister at twenty four, for twenty three years the favorite of his sovereign, the first man in inte'lectual power among the Commons of England, the firmest ruler that ever stood at the helm. fTe lived a busy, "fevered life, with scarcely time for food or sleep; life and strength sustained bv wine, wine, wine At 47 he sank crushed, weary of ambition, weary of lite, dying almost of a broken heart, and so desolate, that within an hour after his death a stranger walked in at the open door and through the empty rooms till he leached the bed on 'which the great statesman's 'b jdy lay,sole tenant of that mansion. A man who Lived his country, was born to a great destiny and for whom hismasterhada great end. What led to this great failure ? I've been told that on his dying bed he exclaimed " I tear I have neglected prayer too much too make it available on a death bed!" Take a second case, one of more absolute failure. He began to live about the time wheu great nobles would say in France, Depend upon it God Almighty thinks twice before He sends persons of our position to hell; " and within the year these poor creitures were wandering over Europe, homelesi and beggarless exiles Bonaparte rose from the rank of a simple Ensign to the head of France, and the dictator of Europe. He knew the use. of things; of gold and iron, of wheels and ships, of troops and diplomatists, and handled them with consummate skill. Unprincipled ^ and unscrupulous, he would steal, slander, drown, poison. He Was not cruel, but he could order 300 prisoners to he killed in cold blood; not licentious, but be divorced a g; od and true wife in order to secure an heir ; his despatches were so notorious that it became a proverb to be like a bulletin. " They charge me," he once said, " with the commission of great crimes; men of my stamp doif't commit crimes!" No man ever had such a grasp of the world—he gained more great victories ; crushed the pride of more nations ; put the crown on more heads; he raised seventeen men from* private soldiers, to the rank of king, marshal!, duke or general, And what did this man make of it ? Wretched shoJdy, In ten years the universal cry was heard through France, " Enough of him !" This great criminal captured at Waterloo; sentenced by the unanimous voice of Europe, not tj the gallows, but to a lonely island for life; stripped of p nver, aud nut sustained by self respect, sickened and pined in misera ble degradation; complaining that, lie.iven and mankind had united to afflict him; fquabbiing about the thickness of his camp soup, and the number of clean shirts allowed him Looking to the great destiny set beforc hi m . the <» reer be ran i a nd »be w "tched fate with which it dosed, you B a there was some >' powerful element wanting to keep him right; to lead him J 8 t0 a triumphant close. What? Perh 'P s hls own words ma t y e »- "Alexjnder, Cassar. Charlemagne, and myself bave founded empires upon force. Jesus C h st a!one " founded his empire upon love; and at ttis hour millions of men would die hlm ! What a contrast between my misery jmd the Eternal Kingdom of " nst - But if these failed, there have been men who seemed to work up to their destiny, Take first that great English Captain who met Napoleon on his last field, aud struck home the final blow. It was no maxim of bis that the actions of great men are beyond crime. To lie, to slander, ' to make aud unmake the commands of heaven, were thingsj alien to this man's nature He fougut for his King and country] saved Europe; and the war eaded, devoted to the advancing of the public weal his great abilities, and great influence; died amidst ;he wail of a sorrowing nation, and was followed t ' the grive hy a monarch's tear;. Now there was som thing iu this man, that kept him in the path of duty, and led him step by s*en to that great summit where we lose him. What? As to the great Duke's piivatereligirn, between him and God, it is not for me t > speak. Out take these two facts. 1 irst—lie was never absent, when iu town, from morning prayer iu the Chapel Royal. Second—To a clergyman rfkint: whether it was the duty of the Church of God to send Missions to the heathen, he read the words. " Go ye and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of tbe Holy Ghost," and siid " these Sir, are your marching orders." And believing that thu Duke was not -i man to make the '•orders" of the Son of God binding on the f-onl of another man, if he did not feel them binding on his own, 1 think we mav find here the secret of his grand life; marching 011 t > a gre-.t hei-;hr of g'ory here ; and onward, as we loss sight ofhim, to a igreater. Tuk; next an English Merchan', Samuel Ha lgt-tt. He bitran bu-im-ss with selling hit old hnrse-shre for 0 penny ; and ended life, employing 300 me 1; <loin^ n I' isine-s of 1 m; lio-i * year; sn iiivin^ L-.000 a >oar ni e arity. A k. en man ; <: nduLtioi; h's business on the mixiin of •• laet, push, principle;" dividing a share of the profits with the men ; having a place of prajer on the premises in which God's blessing was daily entraate-d 011 the business; three times in iiislifehft without a shilling: once when he gave fifteen shillings to his sisters to buy coals; once L30 to his parents when in ne^d : once L'100 to keep his brother, from insolvency; saying fir:-t before he died "1 h ive not a paper to sign ; not ashilling to give away; not a book hut that anv one may comprehend in ten minutes ;" fiilowed to his grave by two hundred of his own in»n mourning as for a parent dead. That man neaily worked out the high plan and destiny set for him. Now what was the ' secret power that shaped his life ? This early determination;—"to make the service of God and obedience to the dictates ot his spirit the supreme object of mv life." But some of us have started ill. Must we go on for ever to make no better of it, than the shoddy of the past ? No! it is not too late to meud. John Bunyan, in his early days, • made shoddy of it, and worse than shoddy—a tramp, a tinker, rough, loud, profligste—thinking " he ! might as well be damned for many sins as for one." Rebuked for fearful swearing and vice by a loose woman, conviction smote his conscience; he became a new man; wrote a book culled " Grace aboundto the chief of sinners," and preached the power of God to save, in every village where he had blasphemed. Lord Rochester began, and lived, as ill as man cou'd. In the most licentious court of the wrld he practised deliberately, malice, drink, seduction; framed arguments for sin; made proselytes to sin; wrote panegyrics upon vice ; was continually drunk for five years; sustained the part of devil's advocate at a meeting of atheist?, and demolished the existence of God Almighty by such filth of argument and pungency of wit, that his display was greeted with a rapture of applause _ But there andthen a conviction of his desperate madness seized his comcience wrh a grasp, that never loosened Deeply and long he repented, crying that he was tbe worst wretch and dog that the sua shined on; wishing that he had been a starving leper, crawling in a ditch, rather than have sinned against God as he h id done. He died in his 33rd year, a wreck; but before he died he left a dying testimony and remonstrance, signed, sealed and attested, in which he says—"from the bottom of ray soul I detest and abhor the whole course of my former wicked life. I can never sufficiently admire the goodness of God, who has gi ven me a true sense of my perni'.-ious opinions and vile practices. I warn all such, in the name of God, and as they regard the welfare of their immortal souls, no more to mock at sin, or condemn the pare and excellent religion of my ever blessed Redeemer, through whos: merits alone, I, one of the greatest sinners, do yet hope for mercy and forgiveness. It is plain that these men stopped short, and began a new Hie. But are these extreme eases? No! . I don't believe they went farther wrong than some here. 1 don't believe that the change in them was greater than the change in some here may yet be But there is one fact you can't help observing. The young men that began in their own strength and chose their own way, made a very sad thin" of if. Those who managed in some way to work with God got on. And in some you may date a very immense change from the time when they began to ask, to expect, and to get God's help. This is a fact that stares you in the face. It is only one ' form of a uuiversal fact. No man can do much himself with his own hands; a steam loom will turn out more cloth in a day than a hundred men in a month. A ! hundred hands cannot work the serew in the Southern Cross, but turn the cock and , let the steam in, and she moves fourteen knots an hoar. Now a man is a grand machine. He has a whole system of works within him ; a head, a heart a memory, a conscience, a will, that fit, him for great work. A man like Bonaparte may say, " I can do a vast deal through the devil helping me." A man like Paul mav say ' I can do all things through Christ who strongtheneJi me " i What we" can do then, is nottheques-' tion, but what can the Almighty God do in us, and with us? But if we have of- 1 lended God what right have we to expect , His help? What can we do to repair the past? What can we give to move Eis j mercy ? Now neighbours when ye talk in ! that way I do think ye give bad treatment ' to the Almighty. Hear me! A poor I woman standing teside a King's hot-house j saw a splendid bunch of grapes hang from ! the glass ceiling, and gazing at that tempt- 1 ing iruit she sighed ' Oh I wish I could ' take it to my sick darling." She wrought day aud night till she made half a crown, and offered it to the Kings gardener for the grapes. He received her unkindly and told ber not to ce>me again. She pawned a blanket for half a crown, and went with the 5s to the gardener, but he spoke I roughly andturned her from the door. The | King's daughter heard the man's angry words, and tbe crying of the woman. Com- j ing up she heard the poor woman tell her story, and then with a kind smile the I Princess said " My dear woman, you did my father wrong; my father is not a merchant but a King; his business is not to sell hut to give;" and she plucked the bunch from the vine, and gently dropped it into the woman's apron. Now if God Almighty does little for you, it is you that are to blame. God Almighty is not a merchant, he is a great King. Treat him like a king, appeal to His great heart; and depend on it He will give you help to make a far better thing ot it, than the wretched part. Why men have lived on this earth; Abraham was one, David was another, who went direct to the Almighty as a great king, and asked Him to help them; and He sent down His own son to die on the cross for their salvation. Surely when ye look round on this living mass of sordid sin and aching misery, you must imagine that the Almighty has his thoughts on it, as well as you; nay, you may be compelled to ask, what will the Almighty make of it ? He looks into the hearts of His people; their tempers, passions, temptations, "ins. He looks oa every sad s:ene of want, sickness, despair, crime, woe. You can't help asking, what wi l the Almighty make of it? -'.Make ot it!" some one answers. 4 1 Why He will make a hell for it." Now that is a wretched answer. It is the devil and men that make.a hell. But it grieves the Almighty to His heart. 10 ne* its foundations laid here, within this universe that H<\- himself create-.!; vnd men and women created in His own likene«8, pressing on to its despi-ir and power. No ! n.ighbours; the work of <iod Almighty is to lay the foundations of a ln-aven, and t .ke in hand men and women as we see them here, better and worse; sometimes the very worst; and make their immortal souls ripe and fit for heaven. And when He begins, He acts like the Great and Almighty King He is. He means to try a tr mendous experiment on the heart and conscience. Ye would not seek Him; He will seek you. Ye would not love him; He will love you. lie sends down from that Heaven your sins have defied. His own eternal son; to live among yon in human flesh; 10 bear your sin; to die lor your souls. He sends His eternal Spirit into tbe soul and conscience of the men and women; of the boys and girls here in this crowd; not only to convince of sin ana convert the soul, bnt to help' you to leave your old bad work and bad ways; help you with a strength almighty to look to your God; receive His pardon for.the past; trust in Him as a great and merciful King; and rise up to live the lives of sons of God. The very humblest and the lowest may make of it a good and a great thing yet. aud have their work acknowledged in that great day. Let me tell you one fact before I close. A poor man, lame and hump- backed, employed in a great painter's school for painting rough sign boards, and coarse tapestry; trying by night to work out his thoughts and stamp his ideas iu some way that gave him intense delight, on the canvass; fell sick and delirious, and being many days neglected and faint for food, he took down a picture that had been for three years his secret work and joy. With that picture he staggered to a public auction, a great sale of paintings, hoping that he might sell it for 20 tiialers, or some L3. The auctioneer was contemptuous, the poor painter desponding, but when that painting's turn came,after a time of silence, astonishment, scrutiny, it rose from 21 tiialers to 50; to 500; to 5,000; to 50,000, to 100,000. '! he man who bought it was one of the richest nobles in Germany, and that picture is now one of the gems in the gallery of the King of Bavaria. The desponding painter rose to affluence and renown. Now,neighbors, don't yield to apathy or despair. Low your lot, bad your part, you may make of it something like that great picture yet. God has a plan for the life of every one of you, apian that wonld make you a man and an immortal If you will csusent to eive up your heart, mind, and conscience to God, and from this time work at it in His way, as a mau redeemed, as a child of God, you may lift your head yet amid the peers of heaven, astonished to find that your work is valued at so high a price, and covered with such a glorious recompense, . , 