THE DESPATCHES ON PETITIONS FOR REMOVAL OF JUDGE BOOTHBY. From amongst the most important of the J despatches in reference to the prayer of the Legislature for removing Mr. Justice Boothby we select the following as the only ones for which we have room at the present time:— " From the Right Honourable the Secretary of State for the Colonies to Bis Excel lency Sir D. Daly. " Downing-street, October 23,1S66. " Sir—I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your despatches noted in the margin, relative to the condnct of Mr. Justice Boothby, in one of which you en close addresses from the Legislative Council and House of Assembly of South Australia, praying for his removal from office. " I enclose copies of a correspondence, from which yon will perceive that this ques tion will be brought under the consideration of the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council. " From your despatch No. 31 of the 29th June, I observe that you contemplate the grant of a retiring pension to Mr. Boothby. If the question conld be disposed of at once by Mr. BoothbyV retirement qp a pension it would he the means of saving expense and possibly much delay, anxiety, and in convenience both to the Judge and to the colony. But if Mr. Boothby were removed on the advice of the Judicial Committee, and on the grounds alleged by the Council and Assembly, I am. by no means prepared to say that he would l>e entitled to any such consideration on the part of the Legislature. " I enclose copies of two letters which I have received direct from Judge Boothby relative to his case, and I request that you will inform him that the grounds which he alleges for disregarding the usual rule for the transmission of such documents through the Governor are inadequate. I have thought it, however, most convenient to communicate them, with other documents in the case, to the Registrar of the Judicial Committee. " I liave the honour, &c.;, " Caenab von. ' Governor Sir Dominick Dalv. &c..; &c.;" " From Sir F. Rogers to Mr. Keeve. j " Bowning-street, October 19, 1866. j " Sir—I am directed by the Earl of Car narvon to request that you mil submit to TTis Grace the President of the Council copies of the despatches mentioned in the margin which have been received from the Governor of South Australia, and of two letters fromgMr. Justice Boothby, of that colony. The enclosures to these communica tions are sent in original. "By the 30th and 31st sections of the South Australian Constitution Act (No. 22 of 1855-6) it is enacted that the Judges of the Supreme Court shall hold their offices during good behaviour, but that it shall be ' lawful, nevertheless, for Her Majesty, her heirs, or successors, to remove any such Judge or Judges upon the address of both Houses of Parliament.' "It will be seen by the enclosed Parlia mentary Paper that, in supposed conformity with this law, addresses for the removalof Mr. Boothby from the office of Puisne Judge of the Supreme Court were presented to Her Majesty in 1862. These addresses were not entertained on grounds connected with their : legal sufficiency. But one of the enclosed despatches (No. 34 of the 18th July) transmits renewed addressee to the same effect from the Council and Assembly of South Australia. , In these it is stated that Mr. Boothby refuses to give effect to Imperial and Colonial laws; that his perversity obstructs the course of justice, and that his conduct in Court is bringing the judicial office into contempt. The Governor further states that his proceedings bare put a stop to the administration of criminal justice. The ground of these allega tions are exhibited in the printed papers enclosed in the Governor's despatch, No. 37 of the 2Sth of July last. "It will be perceived that the matter is one of great moment, and that its right deci sion may involve numerous and disputed questions of law, and that it belongs to a class of cases which has been frequently the subject of adjudication by the Lords of the Judicial Committee. " Under these circumstances, it appears to Lord Carnarvon indispensable that Her Ma jesty should be supported by the authority of their Lordships m exercising the responsi bility imposed on her by the Colonial Act; and His Lordship trusts that the President of the Council will think fit to advise Her Majesty that these addresses be referred to the Lords of the Judicial Committee, in order that they may advise Her Majesty what course ought to be taken thereon. " It may be well to observe that, though cases of this kind have been frequently sub mitted to their Lordships, the present is the first in which they will have been called to advise Her Majesty on the removal of a Judge holding office during good behaviour, in a colony possessing what is called ' responsible government,' and in virtue of an enactment framed in terms of the Imperial Act of Par liament relating to the removal of Judges in this country. " It would be a satisfaction to Lord Car narvon if he were able by the mail of the 26th to inform the Governor, and the Legis lature, and Mr. Boothby, what course is to be taken on the enclosed addresses. "Iam, &c.;, "F. Rogers. 'Henry Reeve, Esq., &c.;, &c.;, &e.;" "Mr. Reeve to Sir Frederic Rogers. " Council Office, Whitehall, October 20, 1866. " Sir—I am directed by Pin Grace the ! Lord President of the Council to aeknow- i ledge the receipt of your letter of the JOth inst., enclosing certain despatches from the Governor of South Australia, -with enclosures, in reference to the removal of Mr. Justice Boothby from the Bench in that colony, and likewise addresses of both Houses of the South Australian Parliament to Her Majesty, j humbly praying that Mr. Justice Boothby be removed from his office by the Queen. j " As it appears indispensable to Lord Carnarvon that Her Majesty should he sup- ] ported by the authority of the Lords of the ; Judicial Committee of the Privy Council in 1 exercising the responsibility imposed on her by the Colonial Act, the Lord President will, hi compliance with the opinion expressed by • the Secretary of State for the Colonies, adyise Her Majesty at fhe qext Council to refer these addresses,'and the aeeompaqyiug correspondence, to the Lords of the Judich$ Committee, in order that they may adyige j Her Majesty what course ought to be taken thereon; and as soon as this reference has been made by the Queen, His Grace will take steps to bring the subject before the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council without delav. "Ihave, &o.;, "Henrv Reeve. " Registrar Privy Council. f'Sir Frederic Rogers, Bart,, &c.;" " Boumicg-street, November $Q, 1566. "South Australia—-No 17. "Sir—With reference to my despatch, No. 11 of the 23rd ultimo, J have Jij.® honour to transmit to you, for your iiifoFflja tioQ and guidance, the enclosed copy of a letter from the Council Office, showing the steps which should he taken for bringing the case of Mr. Justice Boothby before the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, to whom Her Majesty has been pleased to refer it. " I have the honour, {be., " Carnarvon." •" Coyernor Sir Dominick Daly, &c;," " Mr. Reeve to Sir F, Rogers. " Council Office, Whitehall, Nov. 21, J§06. "Sir—I am directed by the Lord President of the Council to acquaint you, for the infor mation of the Earl of Carnarvon, that Her Majesty has been pleased, by her order in Council of the 10th instant, to refer to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council the humble addresses of the both Houses of the Parliament of South Australia, praying that Her Majesty will be pleased to remove Mr. Jusficg JJoothby from the Bench in that colony, Ill order that the matter or these addresses may b; b wight to a hearing at the bar of 1 the Privy Council, it appears to the Lord President that the same course of proceeding should be adopted which was followed in the case of the Jtepresentatives of the Island of Grenada v. The Honourable John Sanderson, Chief Justice, which is reported in 6 Moore's Privy Council Cases, p. 38. " For this purpose it will be necessary that the particulars of the charges brought against Mr. Justice Boothby should be framed with precision, and embodied iu a case. A legal agent must likewise be appointed in London to emduct the proceeding in the forms in use before the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council " If the particulars of the charges and the case of the petitioners are framed in Southern Australia it will tend to avoid delay, if they are communicated at once to Mr. Justice Boothby iu the colony. TTis Honor will then be at liberty to put in his answer, and to take such steps as he may be advised for his justification. " But if the charges are framed, and the case prepared in England, it will then be necessary to send them out to Southern Australia, and delay the decision of the Privy Council until Mr. Justice Boothby's answer has been received. It will also be necessary for that gentleman to appoint a legal agent in this country, to whom com munications may be addressed by this de partment. " I am to request that you will move the Earl of Carnarvon to cause these particulars to be communicated to the Governor of Southern Australia, with directions to make them known to the parties whom they concern. ' I have the honour, &c.; " Sir F. Rogers, Bart., &c.; " Henry Reeve, Reg. P.O. From TTia Excellency Sir D. Daly to the ! Right Hon. the Secretary of State for the Colonies. " Government House, Adelaide, Ho. 57. December 26, 1866. " My Lord—1 have the honour to acknow ledge your -Lordship's despatches of 23rd October (No. 11), transmitting copies of a correspondence with the Council Office, and two letters addressed by Mr. Justice Boothby to Mr. Secretary Cardwell, containing, what 1 understand to be, the heads of his intended defence before the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, in the event of the matter being remitted to their judgment. "2. I have perused Mr. Boothby's letters with some surprise and regret, for though I might believe that he entertained feelings of hostility towards my Ministry and towards the Chief Justice, and possibly also towards myself, because I had not refused to act on the advice of my Ministry as to the course to be adopted with regard to him when that advice coincided with my own opinion, yet 1 could not have anticipated that these feelings would have been so openly manifested on such an occasion, or that they would have led him to make so many groundless accusa tions against persons who had no opportunity of answering them. As to those directed against myself, 1 know them to be utterly false, as I have no difficulty in believing are likewise those directed against the other parties to whom he alludes. "3. I am, however, gratified that your Lordship has'not considered those letters of sufficient weight to require any comment from me, or from any of the parties to whom he has referred, before transmitting them to the President of the Council. "4. I do not feel that I need farther notico them; bat your Lordship will be able to perceive from their perusal the nature of the opinions which Mr. Boothby entertains, and the personal feelings by which he is actuated, and to understand how these would naturally lead to the decisions and conduct which have been the occasion of the addresses of the Legislature for his removal. "5. 1 should be glad, if it appeared to me practicable, to prevent the necessity of the decision of Her Majesty upon these addresses, by arranging that Mr. Boothby should retire on a pension; but I believe that such a solution of the difficulty is quite hopeless. " 6. On the one hand, Mr. Boothby would, I am assured, refuse to retire from the Bench upon any terms that could be offered; and, oh the other, no Government could venture to propose such a measure to the Legislature of this colony. "7. The passage in my despatch of the 29th June (No. 31) to which yoqr Lordship refers was intended only as the expression of my own feeling of what it would be desirable to do if Her Majesty should be advised to comply with the terms of the addresses, and what I hoped the Legislature might, under such circumstances, be induced to grant. But I was then, as I am now, quite convinced that, pending Her Majesty's decision, the Legislature would not entertain any such proposal, and equally so that if it were entertained by them it would be rejected by Mr, Boothby. " 8. I trust that ■ I may soon be in a posi tion to announce to the colony the decision of Her Majesty in reference to this subject. In little more than two months from this date Mr. Boothby would, in rotation, pre side at the Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court, and in a few weeks later he would probably have to proceed to hold a Circuit Court in the South-Eastern District. "9. If he were to do this the result would, in such case, be the same as at the last Criminal Sittings at which he presided—the quashing of the indictments and the dis charge of the prisoners, "10. It is true that the inconvenience which such a course would occasion has been remedied, as far as practicable, by a recent Act of the Local Legislature, which autho rizes the Governor to issue a commission of oyer and terminer and gaol delivery. " II. This, however, is a mere palliation, and was only adopted to meet the temporary emergency, and in the hope that the decision of Her Majesty would render any further legislation unnecessary. " 12. I have already expressed my opinion on that subject, and I have only to repeat my hope that, whatever the decision may be, it may be arrived at as speedily as due con sideration of the case will permit. " 13. Being of opinion with my advisers that the publication of your Lordship's de spatch and enclosures at present could not be productive of advantage, I have declined to communicate them to the Legislature, but both Houses are informed of the action in tended by Her Majesty's Government in regard to the addresses. " I have the honour, &c.;, "D. Daly, Governor. ' The Eight Honourable the Earl of Carnarvon." "Government House, Adelaide, Kb, 0, February 26, 1667. '' My Lordc^iSy the ordinary P. & O. mail, •which reached here on the 10th ipstant, I received duplicates of your Lordship's despatches, Kos. 17 and 18, of the 30th of November, but it was not until the arrival of the Panama mail on the 18th instant that the original despatches and their enclosures complete reached me, and enabled me to bripg the subject to which they relate under the consideration of my advisers, which has resulted in Hie adoption of % minute of the Executive Council, copy of which I hays Jhe honour to enclose. "2. It is a matter of sincere regret to me that the views of my Council are so much at Finance with those of Her Majesty's Go vernment jn reference to the proceedings that are deemed necessary fQ the disposal by Her Majesty of the aadrbgses .of the Houses pf Parliament of this province f9r the re iQOVqt of Mr, .Justice Boojihby from the Bench, "3. It has not been in my power to pre vail upon my advisers to modify those yiews in any respect; and in truth 1 am bound to assure your Lordship that, in my own opinion, my Ministers would not be sustained by the Parliament or by the great majority of the community in any other course than that which, after the fullest consideration, they have determined to pursue in this matjber; which has long been the source of deep anxiety and injury to the colony. " J have the honour, &o.;, •" D. Daly, (joyemor. ' The Right Hoa9nr$bie gar} of ' ' Carnarvon, &c.;, &e.;" " Minutes o£ Executive Council, Feb. 25. ISO?. No. 6. "The despatches from the Right Hon. the Secretary of State for the Colonies, Nos. 17 and 18, of the 30th November last, with their enclosures, having been submitted by His Excellency to the Cabinet for their con sideration, the following memorandum of Observations thereon is read by the Hon. the Cpie^ Secretary; and, at the request of Council^ Hjs ExoePency directs it to be entered upon the ai.ld a copy pre pared for trans misaon to the Secretary of State by the outgoing maiL "The brief space of tinje befpre the de partnre of the next mail makes it impossible for the Government to report on Mr. Boothby's letters, even if it were desirable; and they donbt if it would be necessary to say more than that the letters themselves show that his remaining en the Bench wool 1 be fatal to the due administration of justice. The Government therefore confine themselves to the constitutional Question which they are called upon to consider. "These despatches of the Bight Hon. the Secretary of State for the Colonies can only be regarded as indicating a deliberate re fusal on the part of His Lordship, as Her Majesty's constitutional adviser, to recom mend Her Majesty to exercise the functions with which she is invested by the 31st section of the Constitution Act, No. 2 of 1855-6. "The Constitution Act, however, which contains the provision by virtue whereof the addresses were passed, was not merely assented to by Her Majesty, after having been reserved for the signification of Her Majesty's pleasure, but it was by her com mand laid before both Houses of the Imperial Parliament for the period prescribed by law. | It must therefore be assumed that the pro- • vision which changed the tenure of office of the Judges of the Supreme Court, and at the same time authorized Her Majesty to remove them upon addresses from both Houses of the Legislature of this colony, was brought under the consideration of Her Majesty's Government and Imperial Parliament; and that Her Majesty's Government, in advising Her Majesty to assent to the Act, were pre pared to assume, and, if the occasion should arise, to exercise the powers conferred by the section above referred to. " In. the case of tlie former addresses pre sented by the Parliament of this colony for ] the removal of the same Judge, Hi« Grace the Duke of Newcastle, who was then Secretary of State for the Colonies, did not I hesitate to exercise these powers. He did not refer the matter to the Judicial Committee I of the Privy Council, who are by their ! position precluded from giving any other | than a judicial opinion; but he asked the opinion of Her Majesty's legal advisers, and j upon their report advised Her Majesty to decline to comply with the addresses that had been presented to her, at the same time clearly intimating that if the report of the I law officers had been different he would have j been equally ready to have advised Her I Majesty to comply with those addresses, and 1 to remove the Judge. " It appears, therefore, that the powers} which His Lordship now refuses to exeroise are powers which were deliberately assumed by Her Majesty's Government, and which a fonner Secretary of State has actually exercised. It is difficult, consequently, to understand the reasons which should have induced His.Lordship to follow theprece dent afforded by the case of Chief Justice Sanderson, which was in its essential par ticulars different from the present, instead of that afforded by the previous case of Mr. Justice Boothby, which was in every respect parallel. The case of Chief Justice Sander son was that of a person appointed by Her Majesty during pleasure, and whom she might therefore remove at her will, and in which the colony where he was a Judge did not possess responsible government, and the Legislature of which had no legal power whatever to interfere in the matter of his removal, while the case of Mr, Justice Boothby is that of a person who holds his office during good behaviour, but with a liability to be removed by Her Majesty upon addresses from both Houses of the Colonial Parliament. To apply to the present case, therefore, the precedent of the Grenada address, instead of that of the pre vious addresses from South Australia, ap pears at once unintelligible and inconsistent. "Apart, however, from precedent, the course now pursued by His Lordship is opposed to the letter and spirit of the Act under which the addresses have been pre sented. When that Act provides that the Judges shall hold office during good beha viour, it necessarily implies that they may be removed for any act which amounts in point of law to bad behaviour. The subsequent provision, which authorizes Her Majesty to remove them upon addresses from both Houses of Parliament, can only, therefore, be understood as intended to provide for their removal upon grounds which may not technically be sufficient to show bad be haviour in its legal sense, but which might. render their continuance in office incom patible with the satisfactory administration of justice. "The tenure of the office of Judge is changed; but the same law which makes it more secure under one aspect authorizes the Legislature to address Her Majesty for the removal of the Judges, and, it would seem, imposes op Her Majesty the duty of acting upon those addresses, npio«a they are plainly founded upon or prejudice; in fact, the position of Her Majesty and Her Majesty's advisers, with regard to the removal of a Judge under the provisions of the Constitu tion Act before referred to, is precisely the same as it would be with regard to the re moval of one of the Judges of the Courts of Westminster, against whom addresses had been presented by the Houses of Lords and Commons under the Imperial Statute. The language of the two Acts is the same, and their authority |s precisely equal ; the only difference would appear to he that no Secre tary of State would venture to advise Her Majesty to disregard addresses of the Im perial Parliament, while it may be safely done with regard to addresses from the Par liament of South Australia. . " Independently, however, of these con siderations, the course which His Lordship following the suggestions of Mr. Beeve rpqonj mends to the Government of South Australia is opg which they are not able to follow without the sanction o^tfce Legis lature, and one which they woold certainly not recommend the Legislature to adopt. For the Government to follow the course suggested would not only involve a large ex pense, for which the Legislature must be asked to make provision; but it would be acknowledge that His Lordship was right in declining to exercise a duty belonging to his office | and also that the addresses of the Parliamest of §outh Australia, which are by law made a sufficient ground for the removal of a Judge, may tie rightly passed over as having no force whatever— and the latter consideration must forbid their recommending such a course to Parliament. " If His Lordship declines to advise Her Majesty, and practically shows that he attaches no importance to the laws or the Par liament of South Australia, it becomes the duty Of the latter, on behalf of those whom they represent, to vindicate their position hy some other steps. - "Without, however, pretending to indicate the course which the Legislature of South Australia may think it right to pursue, it is enough to report that the Government ^ neither adopt nor recommend that one which His Lordship suggests. " It is with very great regret that this Government have received the intimation of tlie course which the Bight Hononrable the Secretary of hag tjionght proper to take on this occasion. They apif inosf desirous to preserve unimpaired all the ties which copr nect South Australia with the mother- country, and not only to acknowledge that they are subjects of the British Crown, but to cherish and deepen the feelings of loyal attachment to Her Majesty; still they cannot but fear that these tire must be loosened and these feelings diminished unless Her Majesty's advisers are prepared to recognise the rights of the colony, and to pay attention to tijg respect ful demands of its Parliament. In the present instance, it appears that three have been disregarded; and the Government cannot but anticipate a considerable degree of regF# Wd fiBBrSjjension at the result of such action if persevpred ip. "The Gdvcrpmepi' respectfully request your Excellency to hall thea&eotffin; of the Sight Honourable the Seqretaiy of State to the deep-seated $nriety of the inhabitants of tins colopy condgrnipg Mr- Boothby's con tinuance op the Benph, apd to thpir want qf confidence in bis administration of justice, as exemplified by the almost unanimous addresses of the two Houses ; aud they respectfully request that His Lordship should be prayed to advise Her Majesty to give a speedy decision." [Certified a true copy.—SamL Deering, Clerk of Executive CounciL May 4, 1867.] The at GtyUiE.—The disastrous I «?§ IVwicb. $0£K place at Guwler on §unday j night, and which' is fully described in other colnmns, ought to open the eyes qf'thc authorities to the neoessity of allowing the telegraph wires in this colony to be available at night time as well as in the day. Here was an immense destruction of property taking place within thirty miles of Adelaide, and notning was known of it in town until the next morning. This matter of oloamg the telegraph when often it would be most useful is certainly one that must receive early attention. Passekoubs fir rax lUtt Steameb.—The fol lowing passengers have' booked' for' the "ill steamer j—Mr, J, G. Anderson (for l£ing Qeoige'i i Sound, with the intention of returning), and Mr 1 and Mis. Geo. Case. This (iooDS Ci in rBACT.—Mr. John Eounsevell is the successful tenderer for the railway goods t affie. This ire suppose trill create a vacancy for she Light. Bhemeb Mine.—The following is an abstract of Captain frisk's report on the Bremer Mine to the 26th June:—"The following is my report for the past monthThe engine-shaft continues sinking under the 73-fathom level. During the mouth the ground has eased, owing to the fluccan coming into the shaft. This fluccan is the same we com menced the cross-cut on at the 73. ijbould it hold down it will be of great assistance to us in sinking the shaft. The total draft below the 73 level is 74 f ithoms. The 73 south end has been very hard for driving, but I am most happy to be able to say the ground h ~~cations of getting through the hard bar. In the 73 cross-cat no lode or branch has been met with, although in driving we have met with large streams of water; but at the present point the end is not quite so wet, owing to the end being a little harder than usual, but my opinion is that there is a good lode ahead. 63-level. —We have again commenced to drive to get up to the shoots of ore gone down in the bottom ot the 53 south of this point, and hope in ashorttimeto be able to report a good lode at this level. Tile atopes are all looking about as usual, except what has been taken away. Quantity of ore raised and dressed during the month. 250 tons; regulusreturned. 46 tons. I am of opinion that since my last report there is a decided im provement in the mine, and it promises stall greater." Adelaide Police Codet, —On Friday, June 28, the cases before the Court were few in number. The charge against W. F. Campion being further adjourned for a week, he was required to find two sureties in £25 each, and become bound in £50. A female' prisoner, charged with hindering a detective constable on duty, askiug liim to treat her, and applying abusive epithets on being re fused, bad to pay £2 2s. fine and costs. Military Class Firing.—One company of the 14th Beghnent commenced their annual'clasa firing on Friday, June 28, under the command of Major Vivian and Lieutenant Anderson (Musketry In structor). Only the first period was finishe 1, con sequently the company has to fire 40 rounds more before the firing is completed. The Bain in the Fab North—The following are extracts from a letter dated " Mud Hut, Wil lochia, Wednesday, June 19:—"We arrived here at 3 o'clock this aiternoon, after a horrible journey from rialtia. After sending you my telegram yes terday we started from Fort Augusta, and got nearly bogged several times before reaching Saltia at sundown. Vou can have no idea of the state of the countiy since the late rains. On reaching the Widochra with our jaded horses we found a roaring torrent facing us, and Bagless's Mud Hut Hotel on the other side. Drove down to the water's edge, and the next second would have found us in the stream, when the mail-driver shouted to us from the other side that wc would be drowned if we attempted to cross; and so we would to a certainty, for the water was from eight to ten feet deep, and rushing like a mighty torrent. We lost no time in retracing our steps to the Messrs. Bagless's sheep station, where we put up for the night, and are being hospitanly entertained. I do not know when we can get away from this. Everything depends upon the creek falling; of'which there is no pros pect just now The mail from the North is de tained at the public-house, and they talk of making a raft to-morrow to ferry it across. .... The whole country s under water. I never saw the like of it, and 1 fear a good many sheep have been uniwned.'' Subjoined in the mail-guard's report upon the way-bill, kindly placed at our disposal by the Postmaster-General:—"Stayed at Eanyaka 24 hours; creek flooded. Hod to stay at Willuchra 24 hntus; creek 30 feet deep. At Pichiriohie Greek \- ot into quicksands; io&t; the coacli; had to cut burses away, and let them get out the best way i hey could. W alked on to Mount Browne ; carried toe mails. Got a spring-cart, and arrived at Mel rose -at lialf-past 11 p.m. Fed h-rses, and sta ted again at haif-past 2 a.m. Beached Kooringa at 4 p.m., and left at 8 o'clock, arriving at Kapnnda at 6 a.m." Aboriginal Ladies.—By the Charles Edward to-day five "aboriginal ladies" letum to the mission station at Lake Wellington, Gipps Land, after completing their educa ion in the metropolis, t hey are very prepossessing, lady-like persons, and seem qualified to uo much good among their less educated friends assembled at that station, under the indefatigable care of the Bev. Mr, Haganauer, —Argus, June 19. Coronation Day. - Friday was the 29th anni versary of the coronation ef our beloved Queen, which took place within Westminster Abbey, in the presence of 245 peers of the realm and a vast assemblage of spectators, 1838. It is recorded that " when the superb and solemn spectacle was witnessed within the sacred pile, and the young and patriotic maiden Queen—in the presence of her subjects most dignified iu station and venerable in character, and surrounded by all that could be desired of chivalry or adorned by beauty— knelt, and, resting her hand on the Holy Gospela, took the coronation oath, and when the Archbishop placed the ciown upon Her Majesty's head, the enthusiasm of the spectators was unbounded, and their repeated shouts of * God save Queen Victoria' cansed the vaulted root and arches of the sacred edifice to ring with one universal acclaim." It was also the anniversary of the coronation of Edward IV., which took place 116L Victorian Flax Manufactory.—An impor tant addition to our native industries has lately been made in the establishment of a flax manufac tory at East Collingwood by Mr. J. Kidd, a sue. oessful grower of the plant. Operations are bow being carried on in a large shed-like building in Kegent-street—a locality which was selected chiefly liecause it afforded an opportunity of util zing the adjacent drain, by which the water-wheel employed to drive the machinery is turned. A stock of law material, consisting of from fifteen to twenty tons of flax, grown at Port Arlingto , near Geelong, has tieen accumulated, which will keep the machinery going for some months. Up to the present time Air. Kidd has grown his own flax, and has received a premium from the State for his successful cul tivation of the plant, but he intends iu future to di. rect his energies solely to the manufacturing pro cess. relying upoq other growers tp famish him with a supply ot the raw material. The conversion of the stalks of the piant into the flax of commerce is effected at these works by the ordinary method. The first process is thatof steeping, which occupies from 10 to 12 days, and has the effect of partly separating the outer covering from the woody fibre. An exposure to the air at the bleaching-ground, for a period varying from three to seven days, completes the process of decomposition; and, afier beiu^Vell crushed between power! ul roll ere. the whole mass is subjected to the operation of "scutching," which is done by a number of wooden beaters. These break up the woody fibre of the plant, and separate it from the true flax, which, having 'undergone tf>6 dressing propess known as "hackling,' is ready to be,handed over to the manufacturer, who can turn it into twine or convert it into the finest linen, just as it suits him. The manufacture of linen, however, is a [ thing which has not yet been attempted in toe colony, and the flax manufactured at, the new works will probably be used almost exclusively for making twine—an article which can be pro duced here without difficulty. The refuse portion of the material is utilized by being employed for engine-packing. Although operations have scarcely liuen commenced a fortnight, the manufactory has been got into such good working order that 15 cwt. of flax can be turned out in a wgeu; w-iile the many different processes which the raw material has to undergo before it becomes commercially valuable give employment to, a considerable number of hands, a large proportion of whom are women and children. The flax which is now being used is of exceedingly fine quality; and the suc cessful establishment of what must be considered a most valuable industry should stimulate our agriculturists to give still more atteatiin to the cultivation of such a useful and important plant.— Argus. pANGSRQug AjgERIC4N'Ofafi.—We are informed by an American house that a great many dan gerous oils are now being shipped from the United States to this market. It is nec-.ssaiy, therefore, that buyers should test the articles they purchase. The fol owing extract from the amended Internal Bevenue Law of the United States, dated March 2.1-67, shows the sale of these oils is regarded in the States as a misdemeanour —"No person shall mix fur sale naphtha and illuminating oils, or shall kuowingly sell or offer for sale such mixture, or shall sell or offer for sale oil made from petroleum for illuminating purposes, inflammable at less temperature or fire test than lit) degrees Fahren heit; apd any person so doing shall be held to be guilty of a mUdemeafieijr. an<} on conviction thereof by indictment ot presentment in any OQUrt of the United States hiving competent jurisdic tion shall be punished by a fine of not less than $! a term of not leBs than six months nor more than three years."—Argue. Parcel Postage via Panama.—Merchants and others who use the Panama mail line do not seem to obtain from it the advantages they have a ! rjght to expect. A small book-post p cket has been shown to u$ which arrived by the last mail. The proper postage on it was fid,, and it was re gistered at the General Post- Oftjce in London for another fid. If it litid beep forwarded via Suez, its cost would have been Is. delivered in Mel bourne. It was carried via Panama, however, and at Sydney it was treated'by the postal authorities there as subject to charges, and these were set down at 6s. fid.; the whole cost of the postage of this very small packet, therefore, having been 7s. fid. This isa matter which caljs for enquiry and amendment, especially" in yiew of tlfe postal arrangements contemplated by the Government.— Argue. Deatb op Mr, John Macgillivbat, Late Naturalist op HALS. Hattlesnare—We regret to have to reco' d the death of this distin guished naturalist, which occurred yesterday morn ing. During the scientific cruise of the Kattlesnake the services of Mr. Macgillivray were engaged by the British Government, and after recording in a most aide manner the results of that cruise, Mr. Macgillivray returned to this colony to. prosecute his favourite pursuit, and has at various times recorded the results of his scientific investigations into the natural history of Austraia a.id the neighbouring islands. The deceased gentleman has been suffering from symptoms of heart disease for several months, and the sudden attack which, carried him off was; in all probability, owing to that cause.—Sydney Morning Btr-uld, June 7 Telegraph from New York to Panama.—The New Zealand Advertiser of May £9 contains the following:—"Captain Benson, Manager of the P.N.Z. and A.K.M. O mpany has kindly favoured us with the following extract from a letter to hand by the Buahme:—"It appears not unlikely that in the course of five or six months complete tele graphic lines will have been established between New York and Panama, bringing New Zealand within about 28 days of this country, as a contract has been recently arranged for a submarine cable between New York and Havana, to be completed in June next, and with the intention, it is stated, qfcontinumg it to fhe Hthmus.' The immense importance of this imdertaking to the Aflstfalagian Colonies cannot be over-estimated." Catholic Bazaar.'—The large number of valuable articles which remained on hand after the bazaar held a few months back in the Town Hall in aid of the building fund of St. Francis Xavier's Hall were offered for sale in the Hall on Monday, June 24. The fair saleswomen mustered in great force, but bad little to do until the evening, when a few of the goods were disposed of, chiefly by raffe. The bazaar was continued on Tuesday, and visited by a large number of persons on Wednes day evening. After the ladies had exhausted their persuasive powers in inducing visitors to buy or go into ruffes, most of the remaining goods were sold by auction by Mr. I* Murphy. The Victorian Wine Duty.—Mr. B. B. Lucas, who, with Messrs. Alexander Hay and K. J. Peake! was appointed by the meeting of winegrowers to wait upon the Chief Secretary to urge upon him the necessity of endeavouring to obtain the admis sion of South Australian wines into Victoria upon the same terms as that of New South Wales, has received an ivtimation from the Committee of the Chamber of Commerce, stating that Means. J. H. Clark an operate with the Winegrowers' Committte in tbeir efforts for that purpose. Victoria Theatre—On Thursday night the frequenters of the Victoria had the pleasure of witnessing their old friend "Bory u'More" very creditably put on the stage. Bory himself received ample justice at the hands of Mr. O'Brien, who portrayed with instinctive skill all the finer quali ties of the Irishman. The brogue and the Hibernian manner were both sufficiently decided without betraying any artificial effort. Mr. Kayner's Shan Dbu was very well acted in al| but the Hibernian; a very good conventional scoundrel, only he might have given up the ghost a little more neatly. In speech and appearance there was a great amount of desperation and vi lany expressed. Mr. Young's Scrubbs and Mr Musgrave's De Welskin were each amusing in Us way. Mrs. Jackson's Kathleen can be easily imagined by all who have once seen that lady on the stage. It was tender and expressive, wanting nothiug hut the Uiberoianism, which was very prudently left unattempted, The performance con cluded with the Irish comedy "His Last Legs.'' Dr. Case.—There was a large attendance at Dr. Carr's mesmeric seance in W hite'a Boom on Thurs day evening, June 27. Mr. C. Todd presided. In compliance with invitations sent by Dr. Carr seven or eight medical gentlemen, including Drs. Bayer, Butler; Clark, Uunson, Spicer, Ac., met on the platform to test the genuineness of the mesmeric power exerted by the operator. Three subjects, those who have been mesmerized before, including tiie lad who travels with Dr. Carr, & policeman and a young man named Petrie, were selected as those upon whom the experiments should be per formed. The lad Johnny had his arm mesmerized, and whilst in a completely conscious state had a finger-nail taken eff by one of the medical gentle men present. He did not evince the slightest symptom of pain whilst this painful opera'iou was j, being executed. A similar operation was p oposed to be done with one of the other subjects, but was not carried lout, through .the strong disapprobation shown' by the audience, several of whom rose aud ex pressed themselves satisfied with what had already teen done, and their disapproval of anything further of a like nature. The hands of the subjects weie probed with needles, Ail, without producing any visible effect. Dr. Bayer mentioned that he had a patient in the ante-room who required an operation to the foot, and expressed a wish that he should be mesmerized and operated ou at once. Dr. Carr lepaired to the room in question; and on returning, stated to the audience that the young man was a comparatively easy subject, but he decluieu to be operated on upon the stage. However; ulti mately arrangements were made that the youth should give Dr. Carr a sitting next day, and in the evening Bhonld be reduced to the mesmeric . state, and tae operation on his foot performed by I Dr. Bayer. The astonishing power possessed by | the operator was strikingiy exhibited in the rapidity I with which he awoke his subjects from their mes I meric trance and put them iu it again. The whole i of tire manifestations were mostclosely scrutinized I by the gentlemen on the platform. At the close oi I i bis part of the proceedings Dr. Uunson, in ex pressing his apiniou of the effects he had seen produced, stated his undoubted belief in the operator's power. He, however, doubted whether mesmerism could be exteusively apphed as a sub stitute for chlorolorm iu cases where surgical treat ment was necessary. The possession of the power uid nut seem to be general enough to admit of it bcjng practically utilized. Dr. C.ark. in his torn, stated his personal conviction of the truth or mesmerism, although he discredited animal mag uettsrn and electro-biology, tie admitted, however, that mesmeric influence made, the patient in sensible to pain. At the same time he could nut see how it was to supersede chloroform as an anaesthetic. He personally defied > r. Carr or any other man to mesmerize him. Dr. Spicer unreservedly pronounced hiB personal judgment on what he had seen. What had been done that evening only-confirmed in his mind an opiuiou which was the result of several years' o servati m, that mesmerism was a great fact. He bad, during the period he mentioned, beheld a number oi things which be regarded as wouderf ul and incom prehensible, but because he did not, or others did not, understand them did not prove them to he untrue. He had himself practised the power, which, although possessed only in a limited degree, had enabled him to mesmerize a few per sous. He had rigidly watched and examined the subjects that evening, and'his opinion was that tuey did not feel whit they were bciiu subjected to. He described the operation of removing a -finger-nail to be one of the most ex cruciating oper-tions which could be perfo.med. He mentioned that he had examined the iris and uapil of the eye of the patients whilst they were being experimented on. He found there was not the slightest action of the pupil, which remained quite fixed and rigid. He defied auy person to put his iris iuto that condition. He expressed sir opiuiou that mesmerism was invaluable as an agent for producing insensibility to feeling. There were I many diseases and conditions of the body in which im medical man would venture to administer chloro form, and in them mesmerism would be mom innocuous and useful. Dr. Bayer concurred in the remarks made by Dr. Spicer. Iu response to a vote of thanks accorded to the Chairman, with one likewise to the medical gentlemen and the subjects who, to subserve the ends of science, and to give | c iuvincing proofs of the boq& flde character of Dr. Carr's power as a mesnjeriat, had consented to be surgically operated upon, Mr. Todd stated his entire belief in the genuineness of the effects The seance concluded with some of the more ludicrous of mesmeric manifestations. Chess by Telegraph.—The following is the game by telegraph between two gentlemen at | Gawier Town, Dr. Popham and Mr. Brunskill (members of the Chess Club there), and two at Port Adelaide, Messrs. B. B. Hale aqd W. Brad | dock (members of the Club there). It terminated I in favour of the Port players; their opponents | resigning at the 52nd move WHITE. (Gawier Town.) 1\. P to K 4's 2\. K's h to Q's BI 3\. Q to K's B 3 (a) 4\. P to Q's B 4 5\. P to Q's 3 (L Kt to Q's B 3 7\. Q to K's Kt 3 8\. P to Q's B3 9\. P takes Kt 10\. Q takes P on Q's 3 i 1L Q'sBtoQ2 12\. K's Kt to K 2 13\. Kt takes P 14\. Castles K's side 15\. K's U to K's sq. (A) 16\. Ktto K*sB3 17\. P to K's K 3 18\. Kt to Q's B 4 (0 19\. B to Q s B 5 20\. K's kt takes K's P : 1. B to Q's B 7 22\. Ktakes PoiiQS 23\. Q to Q's Kt 3 24\. Q takes B 25\. Q takes R's P(e) 26\. _ 27\. Q's fi to Q sq. , 28. Q's B to Q 5 (TO) ! 29. Q to Q's kt 5 30\. Q takes U 31\. kt takes B (») 32\. B to Q's sq 33\. P to K's B 4 34\. P to K's Kt 3 1 35. QtoQ4 i 36. It takes Q 37\. K to K's B 2 38\. K to K's B 3 39\. B to Q7 40\. BtoQS 41\. K to K's Kt 4 42\. B's P to R 4 43\. P to Kg J} 5 44\. K to B 4 45\. B to Q's 5 46\. P takes P 47\. K's P to C 5 „ 48\. K to K 3 I 48. Kt to B sq. 49\. It to Q • I 49. U takes K i 50. K takes B 1 50. K to Ks B 4 ■ 5L K to Q 5 | 5L Kt to Kt s3 White resigns. (a.) A departure from the ordinary mode of plav which cannot be recommended. P to Q 4 would | have been the proper move. (Ii.) The followingntode of ploy seems stronger:— e 15. Kt to Q 5. (Port®Adelaide.) L P to Q's B4 2\. PtoK3 a P to Q's B 3 4\. Kt to Q's B 3 5\. P to Q's Kt 3 (5) 6\. Kt to Q 5 (c) 7\. P to Q's Kt 4 id) 8\. P takes B 9\. PtakesPonQ6 10\. Q to Q's R 4 -ch (e) 1L Q takes Q's H p 12\. p takes Q P 13\. P to Q 3 if) 14\. Q to ft 2(0) 15\. 1' to K's 4 16\. Ktto K's B 3 17\. P to K's B 3 18\. R to Q's Kt sq. 19\. Q to K 3 Q') 20\. B to Q's Kt 2 2L K to Id's B sq. 22\. ft to Q's sq. 2a K's B takes B 24\. B takes Kt 25\. Q to K2 26\. Kt to Q 2 37\. U iglles' 28\. Kt to Kt sq. 29\. li takes R 30\. KttoQ2 31\. Kt takes Kt 32\. U to Q's B sq. 3a Ktto Kt3 34\. Q to Q's R 2 (ch) 35\. Q takes Q 36\. it to Q's B8—(ch) 37\. it to Q's B 7—(ch) 38\. R takes P 39\. Ktto K's Esq. 40\. It to Q's Kt 6—(ch) 41\. P to K's Kt 3 42 KtoKt2 4% £toK4-fch) 44\. Ti to Q's Kt3 45\. KttoB2 4>>. K takes P 47\. tt to Q's Kt 5—(ch) 6\. Qto . 7\. BtoQ 2(<-f A). 6\. Q to B 4 (ch) 7\. Q to Kt 3, % With tiie Best game. Variation A. 7\. P to Q B 3. )7'^r^nWiththe (c.) The initiatory move of a pretty scheme to entrap White. id.) Ingeniously played, and as iqgenioggly evaded. (e.) The winning of a Pawn which this move effegts ' scarcely counterbalances the loss of time it occasions in developing Black's game on the Kind's side. (/.) B to Q B 4 seems better calculated to free Black's game. iff.) In dispensable to prevent White playing Q Kt to Kt 5, which would cost Black their Queen. (t) White are wisely concentrating their forces on Black's weakest point. 0'.) An evident oversight B to Kt 2 would have been 1 letter. Black's position is, however, beset with difficulty. (fc.) White's play in this pretty combination has hitherto been irreproachable; but here they fairer in the attack, as the move in the text involves the loss of a piece. Q R to Q would hare preserved their well-earned trophies. il.) The remainder df the game is now devoid of interest owing to the mistake White have com. milted, as with ordinary careful play Black with a piece ahead must win in the end: On.) White might now have won the exchange, and have somewhat retrieved liis position by li takes Kt in.) Through the oversight Black committed in their last move White might now have won a piece by playing B to Q sq. Town Hall Ball.—It was contemplated holding an anniversary ball to commemorate the opening of the Town Hall, hut in consequence of the present commercial depression it has been deemed advisable'to defef it forrspme time,'or to'postpoge it until uext year. Accidents.—As a storeman named Leslie Battersby, in the employ of Messrs. P. H Faulding and Co., chemists, was engaged late on Wednes day afternoon, June 26. in unloading a dray at the branch store at Port Adelaide, a hogBhead of oi1, which he was assisting to roll oat, fell on his right leg; fracturing it in two places. He was taken to the Adelaide Hospital, where, on enquiry subse quently, we learned be was getting on favourably. —As the Port train was approaching the North-road crossing, a short db-tance from the Port, at about 20 minutes past 8 o'clock, on Wed nesday evening, June 2G, the usual signal waa sounded; but the darkness was too intense to permit of the driver's seeing far ahead. When close to the crossing, however, he observed a nrajr going over it. The danger signal was given, the breaks were applied, and steam shut off; bat it was too late to prevent a collision. The engine swept on, breaking off both shafts of the dray and killing three h racs, brushing one of them along with it. The carter, whose name was T. Banders, of Mill brook, was knocked down with one of the sur viving horses, but fortunately escaped with a few bruises. No injury was done to the train, and after being stopped to ascertain the extent of the mischief, the driver previously removing the dead horse which was lying under the engine, proceeded on his journey. Another carter named William Joyce, of the Chain of Ponds, was in company with Sanders; but his dray being the foremost vehicle escaped without injury. Miking on the Peninsula—The Wallaroo Times of Juue 26 says:—"In driving a cross course at the Parramatta Mine at the 16-fathom kvel in No. 2 Shaft, the hanging wall of the lode was cat, carrying shout a two feet m of rich black ore—some of the stones weighing 20 pounds each are of 60 per cent produce. On Saturday about two tons of rich black ore was brought to graa from this shaft A stone of ore on mew at the Globe Inn, Moonta, is admitted to equal if not excel any stone of ore raised on the Peninsula. The No. I Shaft is still progressing; the ground is getting easier, and water becomi ng more abundant i'he tributere working at the 12-fathom level have a pile of 25 tons of ore ready for bagging, and -everal tons at grass requiring a little dressing. With a view to make fresh discoveries the boundary line between the Wheal Hughes and 1'arramatta is being, costeeued, the expense bring divided between, the two Companies, riansactious iorj promoters* shares have taken place at 37s. 6 been raised from the Wheal Hughes during the past week. A correspondent sends us the follow ing: -'Although the Karkarilla Mine has been stopped for several weeks, the men have not re ceived their pay. Pot some time previous to the cl.aitigof the mice the captain had orders only to et such work as would pay expenses, Several pitches were let on tribute, aud the ore forwarded to Adelaide; but, instead of the returns being re ■tutted to the capt.iin, the proceeds appear to have wen applied towards liquidating other debts, and he labourer, so far, is robbed of liis labour. One of the men, who has not been able to obtain any employment here, has*in the interval lord one of bis chddren, and had to borrow money from the sexton to pay the funeral expenses and a few uecessarie& rioiue of the men who had the means have taken legal proceedings to recover their amounts from some of the shareholders; but even the law's delay will cause great privation on the part of the poor fauiilie., the heads of whom have no work or means to go elsewhere to seek it. The amount due to the men, we understand is about £300.'" Judge Boothet's Despatches. —In reference to tbe despatches of the hail of Carnarvon which were published iu onr last week's issue, we find that an erroneous conclusion has been drawn with regard to the documents sent home by Mr. Justice Boothby. Those documents have not been re turned, to the Judge, but were handed by the Secretary of State ta the Privy Council, copies, however, being sent to His Excellency the Governor for his perusaL The Strathalbtn Tramway.—It was currently reported on Wednesday that the whole of Hie works on the line of tramway in course of con struction between Stratbalbyn and Middieton had oeen condemned by Mr. Mais, the Bngineer-in Oluef, but we learn from enquiry at the Public fiorks Office that there is no tiuth in the state ment. Kailwat Goods Contract.—Several tenders were received by the Commissioner of Public Works for the railway goods contract on Thursday, out we are unable to give any particulars. Photography.—Mr. Davis, the present Manager for the South Australian Photographic Company, brought to our office yesterday four specimens of photography, each finished in a different way. The first is a well-finished portrait of the late Governor Hindmarsh done in water colours; the second of Lieut. Mathews, of the A.V.B., done in oiL This is an excellent portrait, but not quite so success fully painted. The tbini is the splendid likeness A Dr. G ssc, done in Indian ink, which has far mil the fourth is a very well executed and taste ,'ully coloured photograph of Mrs. J. G. Daly. The -ast two are of considerable size. Lighting ,thb City.—The contract with the Jus Company for lighting the streets of the city commences on Monday, July 1. We understand the lamps are to be lighted on North-terrace, a portion of West-terrace, and, if possible, in Bundle and Hindley streets. Those in the re naming parts of the city are not expected to have the service-pipes laia on until after Monday. The Far Nortil—A.letter from a station near Hooloolooi, graph: " It commenced raining on the morning of the 17th, and has continued the greater part of yesterday aud to day. So there have been three days' and two nights' almost constant rain. It may come on again to-night, but I do not think there will be much more. It has been the finest rain that has fallen here for years, and in the course of a few weeks there ought to be abundance of feed." A communication from Uinberatana, June 21, state- that there had been splendid rains that week; and one from Netley, Eastern Plains, reports very heavy rains. A correspondent writes to us from the Blinman Mine; June 24, as fol lows:—"It began raining on the morning of the 17th, and during that and the three succeeding days it came di are renewed, the ground satmated, and the faces of the sheep and cattle farmers bright with smiles once more. The mail due here at 3 p.m. on the I8tli arrived at 6 p.m. on that day, to the gratifica tion of the jnany who were expecting their English letters. Messrs. Barnes and Kirwin (guard and driver) were applauded fpr their efforts to reach this place atyl their success in doing so. They reported several narrow escapes in crossing the creeks, their horses having Bst their footing and being well nigh carried away by Hie strength < f the stream." Talisker Mining Company, Limited.—The half-yearly general meeting of the shareholders in the above Company was held at the office of the Company, No. 9, Hindley-street, on Thursday, June 27; Mr. Wm. Everard, Chairman of the Board of Directors, in the chair. There were ten share holders present. The Directors reported that a large sum had beep expended in furnaces, ma chinery, plant; &c.;, as tne'yfelt that the more ex tensive the scale upon which the property was worked the fuller anil speedier would tie the suc cess. They also stated that in conformity with the intention conveyed in the report of Dec. 31, 1866, no ores had been shipped, but all had been converted into silver-lead, and a net gain of 30s. per ion of ore had been thereby ensured, in addition to the certainty of a ready Bale for silver-lead, and a net return of £30 per ton could now lie relied on. The debenture bonds, amounting to £3,225, would become redeemable on the 1st August next; the holders of the larger portion having signified their willingness to renew them for a period of one or ten years, the Directors recommended the offer to lie accepted. The total amount of calls to May 21 was £4 5s. per share, making in the aggregate, £1 .0"S 18s. 8d., of which £1.403 was received during the past half-year. The total quautity of silver-lead and silver-lead ore shipped to date, with that now lyiug at the mine, represented a value of £21,419 net proceeds, that being taken from one loue out cf 17 known to exist in the Company's sections. A report by Mr. Abrahams, the Secretary, was also read, detailing the pro gress of the mine and the general airangemeuts for its working; with suggestions of improvements, and concluding by the expression of his belief that with vigorous operations the mine would in a very few months relieve the Company of its liabilities, aqd coniPeusaYe tfie shareholders for their outlay and perseverance. A favourable report was also received from Captain Wm Hy. Price, the super intendent. Home ores of a very high percentage were also upon the table. A balance-sheet was presented, with a statement of liabilities to the amount of £20,604 5s. 4d ; assets, £14,595 6s. id. Mr. Charnock moved, arid Mr. Mackay seconded, the adoption of the reports and balance-sheet, the former remarking that he thought thev were as satisfactory as they could expect. He had no doubt if they went on working iney would come to a successful result, and repay themselves for the trouble and expense they liaa heen to. Captain Mackay eepondeij- The Chairman remarked that' their great difficulty Wad" fhe ^riuit'vf capital, the itfein df' interest" paid 'to the Bank being vfiry considerable. 'But the apt pliauccs now being more complete and effective tliah ever they hdu been, he trusted they woqld Riion have a good result to show to the share holders. Tbp adoption qf the report was agreed to. The Hon. L. Glyde moved—"That the Di rectors of the Talisker Mining Company be and are hereby authoritod to borrow on behalf of the said Company by way of renewal of the debenture bonds issued August 1, 1865, and due August 1, 1867\. the sum of £5.000. or 6uch less sum as they shall deem sufficient." He believed if they could manage to get over the 1st of August they would tlien be able to get along pretty well They did iiot intend to issue the whole £5.000 worth at present, but only to the extent of £3,225, so as to meet the bonds falling due iu August next, and about two- thirds of the holders had already con sented to renew. Mr. W. IS. Saunders seconded the resolution, which was carried aud n thanks to the Chairman terminated the ce Sh eepfarming in the Pout Lincoln Dipt —The following statement occurs iu a letter from Bramfield, Juue IS:-"No rain to speak about, only a few showers yesterday, and to give you an idea of the quantity we have had {assure you that, with the exception of two dry flocks, every other sheep ou the run is being watered every other day the same as iu summer.'7 Singular Accident.—A rather curious accident occurred on Tuesday, June 25, at the W ilbamstown Pound. Four horses had been impounded for a few days when the owner of three of them took his away, leaving the fourth behind. This unfortunate auimal, seeing bis late companions in durance leaving him, made a headlong rush to join them utterly disregarding the walls of his pri6Qn,"&fi; coming violently in contagt with OUC df the pest bf the pound fractured his skull and diedina minutes. 