OUR ENEMY, KING THEODORE. A London weekly journal contains the following biographical sketch of the King of Abyssinia : At thie present period every eye is turned towards Abyssinia, a country of which we know little, and the King of which, by the imprisonment of an English consul and Eng lish missionaries, has committed a wrong which we are seeking by might--moral force having been tried in vain-to get redressed. Already the old blunders in the Crimea are being repented; ollicers and agents are sent to Spain to buy up mules; hospital.ships are to be placed under a blazing sun, and im mense stores are to be accumulated which we may be cure will be useless in tho day of trial. Already it is calculated that upwards of a couple of millious has been spent, but much more remains behind. We shall punish King Theodore, there is neI doubt about that; but 6ho price will be something tromondous, and long to be remembered by the British tax payer. And now let us speak of this King Theo dore, who has imprisoned a few inoftensive people, and has delied the might of England. Few of us know little more than that he is King of Abyssinia, and that lie and his coaun. try are alike very hard to get at. It appears that his real name is Kasa; that he was bemn in Quara, a small province on the western borders of Amlara, andtl claims, on his father's side; to be descended fromm the Queenl of Sheba. Kasa's fathor being dead, times went very hard with the family. 1is mother got a living by the sale of koseo, a plant whose beautiful flowers are supposed( to be a specilio against the talpoworm-that scourge of Abys ainia ; and Kaus himself was placed in a con vent. Whilst in this seclusion, a rebel chief invaded the sanctuary, burned all the hut., and killed or mutilated all the boys he could find. Young Kasa, in the darkness of the night, fled to the house of a powerful uncle, and there, in the head.quarters of rebellious chiefs, he imbibed a passion for war. His uncle died, cnd the sons quarrelled among themselves. A neighbouring ruler invaded their provinee, and Kase had to flee for his life at the head of a band of seventy soldiers. The banditti, weary of their leader's strict discipline, conspired against his lifo; Kasa, however, discovered the plot, and, after fight ing the malcontents, with a few true and faithful followers, he seems to have joined another desperado, and for a time continued. bin lawless career. lie was popular and famed all over the land. There were many ready to flock to the standard of so fearless and cou rageous a leader; and when he exchanged a freebooter's life for the more dignified occu pation of checking oppression and restraining violence, ho was followed by an armed band of a very respectable clharacter. The ruling powers were alarmed; the Queen of all the provinces west of the Taccazy determined to crush him ; but, when her army mot his, alas I her soldiers ran away. Still bent on revenge, she gave him her grandaughtor in marriage. We neat hear of Kasa as fighting at the instance of this Queen against the Arabs near the border. Irritated by her treatment after he had been severely wounded, he turned his arms against her, and near Techako dealt a deadly blow to the royal forces. A second engagement was equally disastrous. At the suggestion of his father-iu-law Ras-Ali, peace was made-this was in 1853. In a couple of years after, Rasa found himself superseded ib. his government, and proclaimed a traitoi~; Again he drew the sword, and this time with tremendous effect. In one battle he. won a victory and the crown. His next success was the overthrow of the chief who had seized upon his uncle's territory. His ambition grew with his power. Having united the western provinces under his sway, he cast a longing eye on Tigro and Shoa, two powerful states which had maintained their indepen deonuce since 1780. On a cold raw day in February, 1856, Kasa found himnself arrayed against the choicest warriers of Tigre. His army shrank back. Indignant and. excited, he exclaimed, " Follow me, and bytthis time to-morrow my name will be no more Kasa but Theodorus, for God has given me the king domr." The appeal of the leader was not in vain: After a day of fierce fighting, Kasa was victorious, and the next morning was crowned under the name of Theodorus by the Aboona Salauna, the Metropolitan of Abys sinia. Thus baptised anew, Theodore marched southward towards the Wollo Galla country, and having conquered there, he then proceeded to subjugate Shos. the last A eyssinisa ir,. vince to retain its independenice. saviug thus brought all the country under his sway. King Theodore is said by' Mr. Stern, the missionary, now in captivity, to have hastened back to Gondar, where he spedt the raiiny season in redressing the grievances, and in reforming the abuses of former reigns. His first attempt was made on the Church. This property hbe sequestered, and appointed two deacons and three priests, with a small plot of ground for their maintenance, to every church. It was not till 1860, however, such were the prejudices of his people, and such was the influence of the priests, that Theodiro was able to carry out this sweeping, measure of ecclesiastical reform.. IHis hatred of the clergy seems intense. More than once he has imprisoned the Aboona, and. when. Said Pacha, the Viceroy of Egypt, sent the Copt Patriarch Cnritlus as his ambassador, the latte rsoon found himself in uncomfortable quarters. Theodorus is the last man in the world to. grant a boon at the prayer of an. ecclesiastic. Nor is italone ecolesiastics who have troubled the royal breast. Soon after his quarrel with Cyril a rebellion against his authority broke out in Godjam. The rebel. lion was crushed in blood, but the sting of remorse, writes Mr. Stern, "rankled deep iii the heart of the despot, and when, in the ensuing year, his affectionate and tenderly attached queen died, he publicly acknow ledged that he had received a just retribution for his cruelty towards. the women of God jami, and made a solemn vow never more to allow passion to blind his intellect and steel his heart." By this time we suspect poor Mr. Stern himself would be ready to admit that the solemn vow has been kept as kings gencrally keep soleman vows. The royal au thority extends to the doctrine taught by the Church. The present Aboona, who was reared in the Church Missionary Society's school at Cairo, was considered as not suffi ciently interesting himself in the theological speculations in which the Abyssinian Churck delights. On the accession of King Theodore a loud clamour was made for a more orthodox Aboona, but to the general surprise a royal herald made proclamation that his Majesty. approved of the scriptural doctrine of the Abooia, and that in future all who adhered to the obnoxious doctrine of the threefold, birth of Christ (the eternal birth, or Christ. proceeding from the Father ;, tho tempora birth, Christ born of the Virgin., and the third birth, or Christ anointed by the Holy Ghost) would be whipped ThmShoa clergy remonstrated against thie deoision as arbi trary and tyrannical, but the lash soon con vinced them of the error of their ways. For a long time King Theodisor had the advice bnd assistance of an able EnglishmaRi the late M?, Bell. Since his decease the royal ch~actor appears to have rapidly and oonsidorably detenorated. His rage tis un. governable, and the objects of it are deoapi tated at once. As he governs without a IParliament or a Press, the royal will is law. He appears to know a good deal about Chris tianity, and at one time was very anxious to be on good terms with Europoaus, but after all, -he .is a barbarian, and rules over bar barians. His people are ignorant, commerce is almost unknown, and the grossest imtno; rality reigns everywhere. The priests are as immoral and ignorant as the people. Gondar, the capital, with its forcy-four churches, and wheroevery tenth man belongs to the Church,. is sunk in sensuality. Such is the land where,. protected by the climate from English inter ference, fling Theodore wears an uneasy crown. He who converses with no one learns nothing The GREAT UnraIo.-The National.-Debt. How does the hair-dresser end his days 2-Ho curls up and dies. He that would be well spoken of must not speak ill of others. When is a blow from a lady welcome I-When it strikes you agreeably. lie who labours for- glory will rarely be adequately rewarded for his pains. Eono.-What's best to prevent moaidens fromn des. palring 7-Eoio :." 'airimg." A GRANITE rock is but an. unsubstantial thing in., comparsiuu with a solid, tlought. He to whom experience has not taught the dise cipline-of lis-passions has lived In. vain. Wihy do the birds feel depressed early In a summner. morning ?.-Becauss tlmir little. bills are all: ever doew. l'eon Tau?es.-It seems an. imposslbility for two-. silly lovers ever to agree,seeing.that between them there can. be no understanding. Great principles are.at tilhe bottom. of all things 4. but to apply them, to daily life many littlerules, proe cautions, and insights are needed.. ScOanoLY anything in.life is so sweet as.the repose of Sunday-the soothing influences of its devouter offices, its silence, its calm, its immunities. As INJURED RAT.-Prentice says of a rabel editor. who." smielt a.rat" that if lih did, and-rat smelt hhim,,. the poor rat had the worst of it.. A Poon man. who Ilad been ill, on being asked by a. gentleman whetherho had.taken a remedy, replied :. ' No, I ain't taken any remedy, but I have taken lots of physic.' T'a show-.widow of a cortain orset maker, ex 'hibits a singullarinlstance of illiterate diction. On, a card appeared the Iflluwing sentence : "All kinds, of ladies stays Iees." "I siy Jim,' says one friend to another on meet. ing," 1 hear out triend A. has been in tile oil specu latini heavily , hashie nmalo anything ?." "Yes says. Jim," he Ihas. mrade all assignment." 'Let cynics say what they willnlma is not vindie tiva here. for years, we have been subject to tio daily tortuve of wearing tie lhat, and we haven't.. even preserved the name of the wretch who invented it. The 'lheart' is the best card in tie chance game of matrimony- sometimoes overcome by diamonds and knaves, often won, by trickseaildoccasionally treated in a shufling manner, and then cut altogether. hood in Loei may be in W' I'nan riesier s fropf,. the teur panes of wtlose window have these inscrip tions :-" 'loean water," ' Clean brushes," "Clean. towels," Clean talk." l'ARDOnABLE MIrasTA .-An Irishman being in a. church where tile collection apparatus resembled an. election box, uet its being,handed to him whispered in tile carrier's ear that he was not naturalisod and could not vote. Love is as necessary to a woman's heart' as a. fashionable bonnet to her head. Indeed, we rather think more so ;. for nothing less than alarge measurse of love will.content her ;. whereas the recent fashion. .has shown that she can. be satisfied with a very little bonnet. ' A CoPRnotssE WiTrL A CLOsD,-The Important question of smoking in railway carriages.might be, satialhctorily settled if an Act of Parlianment werets passed as early as.possible.next session, comlpelling. every railway traveller who indulges in. cigar or a. pipe to.cousunm Ilisown.smoke. The inclilnation to goodness is imprinted.deeply Inh the nature of man, insomuch that ifit issue not to wards nmn it will take unto other- li.ing, creatures ;. as Is seen in tile 'urks,.a cruel people, who are,., nev.ertheless,.kind to beasts,anmL give alms to dogs and birds ;. Insomuch, as Busbequlus reportoth, a Clhristilan boy in Constantinople had like to be stoned,. fur gagging, in waggishness, a long-billed fowl. A CAPITAL. REAsON \Var I-Brown hli first. journey per coach, not long ago,,worried the driver beside whom.hI eat with Incessant cliildislsquestions. about every thing in the road. At. last ho gets. his quietus thus :--Driver :." There's been a woman, lying in that house more than a month, and they. haven't buried her yet." brown r"Not buried her: yet I. and pray tolnme why not ?" Driver ; "Because sshe ain't dead," ON-A Naw FooTlIoa--The Comtosso do Noaillea has addressed a letter to the "Ladles Sanitary. Association," advocaling the practice of going, baro. foot as more healthy and cleanly than--and as a preventive of the deformity whiclh.oftep.results from -wearing boots and shoes. TiLs-wloud be putting persons in all walkso lIfoon.a now quite a nude description of footing;, but the Countess, bless her. little solo is not likely to succeed with her.feet she. has undertaken. Old Dr 1iringle,of Perth, when preaching in the country, found his shoo needed mending, and he, asked tlhe-brother whom ho was assisting to tell hi-m, of a.goodcobbler,or,as Ihe called him a. uab. His; friend mentioned a "Tammas Rattray, a Godly. man,and ark elder."-" But," said Dn. Pringle, in. his cool, way, "can he mend ny. sheeoon that's, whlat I want t I want a shoemaker ;. Em, not. want ing an elder." It turned out that 'lammea was a, better elder than a sllooemaker. PI'Er or WILLIAM xen Coo?ae.one.--William. (jbove stairs, calling down pipe), : llaven't we an nexed the Duchies ?--Blsmarck (below) : Yes, sire. -William t Added Electoral lesso to our domin ions P--Bismarck Ay,,your majesty.-W-\lllam : Likewise seized Nassau and lrraskiort ?-Bismarck ", True, O King L--William : Deprived our neigh bour, the K~ig of Ianover,of Isis dominions against his. will and tlhe will of his people --linsmarck Etcn so,most gracious sovereign by right div.in. \Yilliam Thenri comie up to prayers. ltac.toous l?Ltar.-I envy no quuality of mind or intellect ili ethers, be it getius, powsrswit, or. fTacy y but if Icould chose'what would be mist do.ighttul,. and I believe most usctiul to mee. I should proler a ilrm rehlglous belief to. any othlr blusilng i for it makes lile a diseililhe oi goodness . creates. new hopes, wheno earthllylope vanish :.an d throws over the decay, the distraction of existence, lthe imost gorgeous of all lights ; awakens life oven ile death, and frotudestruction and decmy'calls up beauty and divinity. 