Y SfKJIISItlSai AND MUltDKK. Li to Aujriciu pipers givo tlio particulars pfn rauurkahle ca.no of murder in which iUci- mcristn is ulloged to linro ployed an influential if uet the principal part. Tile trial of tho pilcge.1 murderer has just leon bruuglit to a ploso in Philadelphia. On tho 25th of April nn olJ holy quitcd .Mrs. Burcus .Mii<ilton, who livol with lior husband in Sliippon-stroet, was lnurjoro l in her own room, and robbetl of a am ill sinn of money. About two o'clock in the afternoon Mr. Migi 1 tun had gone out oil state orraiid, and returning in tho course of an ltiqr, found the front duor fastened.' flu kuookcj, and in a moment was admitted by nn ac j'uintaiieo named Gcorgo W. Winnc- more, who told hiin, with apparent calmness, that pome one had hoen tlioro nnd murdered hit wife. Tho old lady was found lying on tho 11 lor, with her knitting work beside iter, nsifitlnl fallen from her hand when alio was struck, her skull crushed by repeated lilowa with a hamuior, and heir throat cat with n razor; tho hammer and raz»r were both found ; tho former bolongc.1 to Magiltun, tho letter was claimol to be Wiiinomoro's. dVinnomoro was arrested, arid a few dollars wore found in his p ickot, though the money was not identified as belonging to the deceased. Tiie pris i tor's prosetieo in the buttso, with flic door locked, was of course tho strong pnint nguiijit hit!, nil I his explanation that mi find ing tho wuiuan ilea l liu hud locked the dour to prevent the csoape of the murderer, should he still I) I nh iut the premises, was utisalisfue- t.iry. All alto apt to prove an alibi was tut- p-j-iaossful. The defence upon tvhich most reliance wis piaceil wis inoimty. The pri- s-inbr'a in ither testificl that -insanity had been hereditary in his father's family. t was shown that Winiicumre liad boon from child hood alfeetod with epilepsy, and several emi nent physicians were willed to establish the well known tendency of that disease tu impair the imm'nl piwurs. It does 'nut np|icnr that any very careful examination of Winncmorc's state of min 1 was made l»y medical experts, hut tho physicinns seems to hnvo been under the impression from wh it little they saw and heard of him, that ho was inoro or less de ranged. It wis proved that lie liad several times attempted to commit suicide. lint I lie in ist remark aide testimony bare upon his belief in spiritualism, mil his hclinvimir wider tho influence ur spiritual manifestation!. IIo professed to bo controlled l.y the spirit of an Indian chief ; ami when the ghost, of his savage guardian t-mk possession of him, ho d ineo 1 mid capered liko a painted Siunx ; lie uttered strange thoughts ; lie serihlded in his diary characters thru no man could decipher, an I poetry wliiuli, if not especially s-igge-tivo pf insanity, was certainly very f-ielisli ; he de plored that spirits no lugger than tho howl of n pin were round about Iiiin. awl ho saw tlicin pn ono occasion walking all over u hunch of flavors. A apirituil medium, who had been in tho habit of meeting him at circles, awl who was very decided in her belief that Wintiomoro was insaiio, was asked to givo eamo reason for thinking so. She replied that one day ho cams to her house, tol.l her sho was crazy, threw his hat down on the floor, \- snatched it up again, arid then ran down stairs at> the top of his speed, " nnd t lint wu3 tiro Iqst of liini "_ lie used to say that when the Indian spirits eruno nbout Iiiin tlrey took pntiro control of his actions; he wns no lonoer his own master. A witness, Mrs. Munch, tilled that, ill the spiritual circles of which aho end Winr.eiuoro were Ineri|lrcrs, their hnliit wag to "givo way to whntevbr influence ca|iio." Wiiiiicinoro was a iiiedium, and was often peon in trances. Tho murdered woman, Mrs. Magilton, used to mesraeriso him, utid tlioro wits apparently an uttempt on tiro part pf the prisoner's counsel tu.produro tho im pression that if he killed her, that ho did it in a state of unconsciousness which she herself hod brought about. It wnj certainly inti mated thiit she oxorteil indirectly painful in fluence over him. She used, fur example, under spiritual guidance, to pnint pictures of tho flowers of Purmlisc, and the sight of these extraordinary tyorka of art always threw him into an wipluwnt frame of mind, though it does nut appear that there were uny of them in the room when tho inurrter was committed. Indeed, it is almost impossible to rend tho evi dence without arriving at a conclusion that the man was at timrs more or less deranged tliuqgh lion far lie may hnvo l-ecn responsible fur bis actions on that fatal 25th of April is pf course, another matter altogether. Tin! jury, at all events, seem tn havo been satisfied of his sanity on that particular day, for tliowh the ennrgo of Jmlgo Brewster wo# nu the whole rather favourable to tho accused, tl.ev found liiw guilty, after id cut two hours' do- liberation, and tbe spectators io the court- room hailed tUo verdict with a tnurmcr of »«'. Jrcbatjqg. " 