LEYBURN. (FROM AN OCCASIONAL CORRESPONDENT.) AT present we Leyburnites are affected with a mania for theatricals, and we can furnish a first-rate cast for anything, from Raising the Wind, (which, "by the by," is not very easily done at present,) to Othello or Hamlet. The Leyburn Dramatic Society have fitted up a very pretty theatre at Mr. Liddy's store, and our performances are quite up to the average of amateur efforts. The programme consisted of songs, recitations, scenes from Shakespere, and a screaming force, Brutus on Cesar's Death, was admirably given by Mr. Benjamin, who looked, made up, and acted the character to perfection, in fact was every inch a Roman. Mr. Lewis' comic song of "Wanted a Wife," was well sung, and elicited an encore. The Ghost Scene from Hamlet, with all the accesso- ries, was well put on the stage, Mr. Symes as Ghost, Mr. Benjamin as Hamlet, both gentle- men acquitting themselves creditably ; Lochiel's Warning was very effectually given by Messrs. M'Sweeney and Symes. A very pleasing trio followed, sung by Miss L. and M. Bell, and Miss Campbell, with guitar accompaniment by Mr. Liebel. Mrs. Murray, of the Royal Hotel, sang Annie Laurie, with much taste, expression, and feeling, and was deservedly encored; the other performances wero got through very creditably, and the entertainments concluded with "Box and Cox"; an amateur as Cox and Mr. Symes as Box, with Mr. Wright as Mrs, Bouncer, kept the house in a roar from tho commencement to the end ; the only drawback was the over-crowded state of the house, in fact it was as full as it could hold, and fuller, as my friend Pat remarked on the occasion. The pro- ceeds were devoted to giving an entertainment to the children of the National School, which was got up under the superintendance of Mr. Wright ; about 60 children sat down to an ex- cellent feast, which, I need not say, was appreci- ated. Mr. and Mrs. Bell interested themselves much in this matter, and it is mainly owing to their kindness and personal exertions that the affair passed off so well. Our respected Police Magistrate, Mr. Eliott, made avery feeling and suitable speech, and paid a very well-deserved compliment to Mr. and Mrs. M'Sweeney on the proficiency of the children, and their orderly demeanour. Mr. Wilson afterwards proposed three cheers for Mr. Eliott, alluding to him as the worthy son of a worthy sire, and to which, all present, including the children, their parents, and a numerous assemblager of friends, most heartily responded. Mr. Bell afterwards addres- sed the assembly, complimenting the teacher on the con amore manner in whioh he had perfor- med his duties, and alluding to the pleasure he felt in witnessing so numerous an assemblage of the rising generation, some of whom might probably become future senators. The children having enjoyed themselves to their hearts con- tent with various sports and pastimes until a late hour in the evening, the proceedings of this happy day terminated. The Inspector of Schools visited Leyburn on the following day, and having examined the children at the National School expressed his entire satisfaction with their progress. There is nothing more important stirring here at present; the only news of the day is that an unoccupied sheep station hut and the adjoining yards, within a few miles of Leyburn, were burnt down a few days ago. This arson is sup- posed to be the work of an incendiary. We have had a good deal of rain lately, which has much improved the grass. 