OUR LONDON LETTERS. rii Fr LITERATURE FOR THE MONTH. tlu (Concluded from our last.) Br Mr. Bagshot republishes in one vol. (Ds., f Clhapmn: & Hall) his Essays on the English 8" Constitution, which have attracted much lOe attention in the pages of the I"'ornrigtly Re- i view. The Book Society have issued a new edition of Bunyan's Pilgrim's Progress in good bold typo for aged readers. It has a number of full-page illustrations printed in tic colors, and of very good wood-cuts in-. tic terspersed with the text. It forms a very cheap volume of 612 pages. Mr. J. Stuart sn Mill's Inaugural Address on Literature and Education, recently delivered before the Uni- n vcrsity of St. Andrew's, is reprinted in the form of a 5s. pamphlet. Dr. Norman tin M'Leod's very characteristic and interesting de " Reminiscences of a Highland Parish" have a n been republished from Good IPord? in a half guinea volume. Anr. Miall publishes at 2s an Ud, Conversations on Church Establishments, r by Jolhn Gutlric, M.A., a prize essay in a tic conversational form adverse to establishments. The fifth edition of Mr. Buckle's History of h Civilization in England and France, Spain re and Scotland, complete in 3 vols., has just p been issued by Messrs. Longman & Co. at 24s. They also publish, by authority, at 7s t 6d, The Olfficial Correspondence on the claims di of the United States in respect to the r Alabama. The letters are taken from the various papers submitted to Parliament; and a froim the sante house we have a now and aR cheaper edition (5th) of Sir Jas. Stephens' g Essays in Ecclesiastical Biography, in one an volume, price 7s. 6d. Mr. Murray has just d ready Madagascar Revisited, by the lRev. Wim. Ellis (16s.), describing the present state ve and prospects of the Malagasy. cc Among recent novels the following are til worthy of commendatory mention. Mrs. Craik's 7noe Nlarriaqes (2 vols., Hurst and pa Blackett). These are two stories intended re to give a lesson to parents on their conduct a in relation to the marriages of their children N -one pointing out the effects of an ill assorted marriage without love, the other the in way in which the sad consequences of a slhameful connection may be overruled. For- i lornHope, by Edward Yates (3 vols, Tinsley), i dismal, but not unnatural. Village on the in Oli, by Miss Thackeray (12s. 6d.,' Smith and cc Elder), reprinted from Cornhill. Old lrinity, w' a Tale of Real Life, by T. Mason Jones (3 pe vols., Bentley). 'ina Balatha, the story of a Jewish Girl at Prague (2 vols., 10s. 6d., sa Blackwood), reprinted from Blackwood. in Vittoria, by Geeo. Meredith (3 vols., Chapman fir and Hall), a description of Italian life and til politics under Austrian rule, i.e. from 1848 or to the battle of Novara. Dalmeny, or the pc Laird's Secret, by Jane H. Jamieson (5s., ar Grifflin). The lfPif's Peril, a Romance, by se H. J. Lockhart (3 vols., Saunders & Otley). fa Seventy-Five Brook-Street, by Percy Fitz- as gerald (Tinsley), reprinted from Dublin i fn iversity Margazine. la Ihe North British Reviero opens with a long, temperate, impartial, almost exhaustive S1 article on " Trades Unions." The tenor of al the paper is thus indicated :--" What in t point of fact is the policy of trades unions, tl when they try to make their own bargain,- fr what are the conditions they impose, or seek A to impose, when they offer their labor to capitalists for sale I The answer to this ques- fr tion may bB comprised in some half-dozen I particulars :-1. They seek to establish cer- vn tain standard rates of wages, beneath which at no employer shall be at liberty to pay his A men. 2. To limit the hours of labor, and ti especially to discourage or do away with the al practice of working overtime. 3. To dis- ti courage or do away with the practice of piece m work. 4. To limit the number of appren- ia tices. 5. To prevent the employment of 01 non- union men-along with or in room of it unionists. 6. In certain cases, to oppose the ia introduction of machinery, or the employment l1 of unskilled laborers in the working of ma clhinery. Other points may occasionally be insisted on, but, speaking generally, we nimy say that these six embrace the chief demands cc which trades unions have been wont to make. In order to sift thoroughly the character and the tendency of these or any other conditions of a similar kind, it will be proper to enquire -1. Whether or not it be a right thing to trammel the labor market with any artilicial restrictions, instead of allowing a perfectly free trade in labor. 2. What the precise merit or demerit is of each of the restrictions contended for, especially as regards the work man, and whether or not, according to the recognised laws of political economy, they tend to secure the end" for which they are designed; and, 3. What their bearing is upon the position of employers -whether or not they are compatible with that freedom and self-respect, and with that sense of res ponsibility for the right conduct of his un dertaking, without which the position of a master is but a mockery, and the-manage ment of business a worry not to be borne." "George Buchanan" is the subject of the next paper. Of him itis said, "We are more apt to glory in his reputation than to read his works. And perhaps we hardly appreciate the immense importance of that reputation to our literary dignity in Europe. 0 When all is said and done, we Scots have at c best produced three writers of European in a luence and celebrity-Gcorge Buchanan in the 16th, David Hume in theo'18th, and Walter Scott in the 19th century. 'This cal culation involves no disrespect to the memory of Burns or Adam Smith, because Burns was hampered by the limitations of his culture, his subjects, and his language; and Smitlh ' devoted himself mainly to one itridy, con y nected only with one side of human affairs, e and has not even yet penetrated with com e- plete success the continental mind and conti iental legislation. Now, ofthe three who 'kBep the citadel of our fame or us, Buchanan -d was the earliest. The Scottish genius lhad "brairded" before his day, but had never ripened into grain to he eaten as bread, From many passages in Erasmus; it is clear that we were only beginners in letters before Buchanan's time. He it was who made us famous from thie Vistula to the Tagus, and gave us a national name in literature by his pen, as Bruce had given us a national name in politics by his sword. Of such a man, every Scot ought to have something like a familiar image in his mind; and every Scot ought to know by what labors, and'kind of labors, his fame was achieved." "Tihe Poli tical Writings of Richard Colbden" is a strangely written article, in which almost every sentence stands as a single paragraph-isolated-wanting con necting links - conjunctives - with r what precedes and follows, making it rather t unpleasant to read. Fifty pages "On the character of the Old Northern Poetry," are devoted to the Eddas, the Scalds, and the ; Sagas. " Victor Cousin" is next noticed in an article beginning thus-" A great star has fallen from the intellectual firmament of France. Amongst all the men whose eleva tion of thought and nobility of character have during the last half-century labored to rescue France from the moral penalties of her political weakness, none stood higher, none did more to fill the minds of his fellow coun trymen with high aims and generous aspira tions than Victor Cousin. . . In three different directions he was a prompter of: the I French mind. He established spiritualism as the most rational of doctrines on the authority of historic fact; he reproduced the grand theory of reconciliation between faith and reason, which since the fimunous contro versy between Bossuet and Leibrietz had dropped out of France's memory; and he re vealed the moral.grandeur of the nineteenth century to a race which in their just indigna tion at what followed it, had flung away the title deeds of their national superiority." A paper on "The Oyster Fisheries" will be read by all interested in pisciculture; and another on " Oxford University Extension," by Old Oxonians. The last paper gives an interesting narrative of" The Bengal Famine in 1866," from its commencement to its close, with all incidental" matters. The writer says, " The only remedy for a famine is the progress of civilisation. As capital increases, as roads and railways penetrate the country, as irrigation works extend, famines will become more and more a thing of the past in India. Fraser has an article on the same subject, on the "Prevention of Famine in India;" the writer of which expresses the firm conviction, strengthened by years of thought and personal observation, that the only means of prevention is to have a per petual store of food actually and readily available for the people when the time of scarcity arrives, and prices rise beyond the famine point. The plan proposed is that adopted by Indian grain merchants and for. mer native governments, of storing grain in large pits in suitable soils called "peoos." We have also a paper entitled "Villago Sketches in Oudh," describing joys and festivities and, traditions. "Mbili tary Reform" is very practically and thoroughly discussed, as may be inferred from the remarks upon the soldiers' pay. A. K. H. B. gives us one of his best papers " Concerning the treatment of such as differ from us in opinion." "Politics in our Parish," by a County Tory, is a clever con versational discussion of the Reform question, and of the sacredotal question by the way. Mr. Stephens writing on-·' Costume in Sculp ture," refers especially to Egyptian costume, and commends the sculptors' fidelity to na ture and to the garments, that were com monly worn. "Lord Russell's Life of Fox" is briefly reviewed. Miss Cobbe commenting on "The American Sanitary Commission and its Lesson," advocates the employment of lady nurses. Other papers are on "The Marstons," '!The Foul Smells of Paris," "Faith and Light in the latter days," and " Ministerial Prospects and lReform." Dublin UTniversity gives us the following "song " I. All through the corn'fllda, 'Neath the blue sky; Under green hedges, My love and I. Down by the mill stream, 'Neath the oak tree; Through shine and shadow, Singing went we. In the cool evening, Down by the sea; In the sad twilight, Loving were we. II. Down the bleak moorland, 'Neatha dark sky; Under bare branches Lonely am I. Through the chill'north wind Up from the sea; In the sad twilight, Parted were we. Over those green waves, Far, far from me; In a strange country, H Faithlesss w he. Hero are some more good lines of a'different character S A Daran BED-JAN. 23, 1867. a Vithout, saoft still morning, d The first month of the year; . 1- Scarce a breath was stirring, y . Few sound met the ear. as Without,'a bird'a soft twltt'ring,., e, A bright and snny sky- * S The marmar of the ocean, . The steps of paaersr by. : Withhi, a holy death.hed n soul ouet taking flight t Just Ieaving the frail body. s Just passing iato light * O Within, soft words of emrorta tn Breathed in that dying ear. ad " Jeans the same for ever er As you have known Him here." Wilthl?, the last fond greetings, Lost meessgra of love; And then the long, long a'ting ; Until we meet above. Without, we turn our footsteps The busy world to roam; Within, an nnuel enters And takes the spirit home. A paper on "Woman in America" is sug- gested by Mr. Hopworth Dixon's "New America." He then describes the different characters and conditions of woman as he saw them; and they are here set forth-woman in the cities, woman among the Shakers, woman among the Mormons. "Woman's Rights" and woman's wrongs are variously illustrated in America. A paper on "Eccen trics of the Sixteenth Century" is a little heavy, but not uninteresting. "Singing Scottish Superstitions" forms the subject of a capital paper which tells about the way of the sun, beltane, the nur-cake or birth-cake, the goose and its eggs, the tartan, ghosts, witches, and fairies. "The old Fireside Stories of Wex ford" are continued; also the "Three Tales," and "Rifle Competitions in Ireland" are advo- cated conamore. In the Contemporary Lord Lyttleton con- demns the "Extravagance in devotional writ- ings," on the ground of its offence against natural good sense, and its want of support from Scripture. "Lydia E. Becker" expounds her views on "Female Suffrage"--and very ably too. She fairly puts her case and meets tihe objections raised against the enfranchise ment of women. The Rev. James Davies writes in high praise of "Conington's AEneid," saying "There might be a drearier pastime for cultivated leisure than the perusal of Conington's ' Horace,' with Dubner's pocket editionof that poet; or of Conington's ' Virgil,' with the same author's bijou edition from the classic press of the Didots." The Rev. H. H . Wood contributes a very in teresting paper on " The Lake Dwellings of Switzerland ;" the Rev. R. St. John Tyrwhitt continues his "Thoughts on Christian Duty," discoursing in this paper of schools of the futuro; and tlhe Rev.'S. Markley gives a second paper on "Public Schools." There is another paper on "Professor Zellei's, De velopment of Monotheism among the Greeks,". an~ tihere are some capital "Notices of Books." Alacmrillan gives us another instalment of Lady Duff Gordon's Letters; this time on "Longshore Life at Bartlak," where she was obliged to stay during some repairs to her boat. Such peeps as she affords into Egyp tian life are most interesting. " What is Materialism " is a question soughlt to be answered by the late Professor Grote; in a paper which was one of the' last things written by him. "Our Means of Military Defence" are considered in a differ ent light from what they were viewed in last month. "Dangers in India" is the title of a waring article, glancing at the cases of the Rajah of Mysore, the Nabob of the Carnatic, and the Nizzam of the Deccan. "A- Hard Day's Work" is the subject of a physiological paper by Professor Heaton; and -" Religion in America" is a characteristic article by Edward Dicey, in which he warmly com mends Dixon's America. Other papers are on Eton, a Translation of Virgil's .neid, Old Sir Douglas, and Silcote of Silcotes. Cornhill does not offer great variety. Continental subjects seem to be in favor with the editor; for we have "A Week in a French Country House," "Reminiscences of an English Cadet in tihe Austrian Service," " Ravenna and the Pine Forest," "A Dark Chapter of Austrian History," and " Female Education in Germany." " The Claverings," " Edward I. as a Military Leader," and " The Sutrap" are the titles of other papers. .Black?cood has something more to say about " Our Army," gives a biographical notice of "Professor Ferrier," reviews "Hymns of the Populace," i.e. the Hymns sung by Revivalists, commends "Burton's History of Scotland" and " Co operative So cieties," and gives us, among'.other papers, the usual monthly contributions from Comrne lius O'Dowo-Charles Lever, who henceforth will write from Trieste instead of Spezzia, having just been translated to, the, former consulate. 2ha Colors of the British Army consist of figures of the Standards Guidous, and flags of every regiment of her Majesty's service, executed in chromo-lithography, with a well written explanatory text by Robert French M'Nair, late assistant secretary and librarian to the Army and Navy Club. The authors object in issuing his work, which is pub lished by Day & Son, in fortnightly 5s. parts, each containing six plates, is to render his readers familiar with the heroic deeds of the army; and this he does by a pictorial and literary treatmeint of his subject which is in every 'way highly commendable. After , giving the . flag of each regiment he details the special devices of which it consists, and tells tile story of the valorous deeds achieved by the. men who bore and followed the flags in every field, from Blenheim and Malpaquet to Waterloo and Sebastapol. The design is original, and the execution of it admirable. The Fine rlts Quarterly Review (Ga.) has reached the third number, which completes its first volume. Its literary and artistic contents fully bear out the promise with which its proprietors set out-namely, to present readers with the-best kind of litera ture on art topics 'adequately illustrated. The getting up is in the first style of paper, printing, and coloring-illustrated as it is with chromo-lithographs, illuminations, photo-. lithographs, steel and wood.engratvngs.-' It is ably edited by B. B. Woodward, Esq.r, her Majesty's librarian and keeper df prints and drawings at Windsor. The ITebreto National is the title of a now weekly journal intended for the reading of the Jews. In thie lending articlean objection is made to the definition given by Webster of the meaning of the verb "to jew. It is said that "on the whole face of' the earth .there are about 6,000,000 Israelites, about half of whomelive in Europe." Casesll's:Family Paper is about to merge into 'Casssfl'a" Magazine, which is announced to appear in weekly penny and monthly six. penny numbers. It is to be "a first-class magazine in all its departments, inferior to none of its higher priced contemporaries." Most of the prominent members of the "Savage Club" are engaged as contributors, It makes a very imposing start; with its 10 pages 4to. of toned.paper,, well printed and illustrated The Churcbhman's Slilling j apgazine and 'Family Treasury ' conducted by the Rev. R. H. Baynes, M.A. (Editoriof Lyra Anglican &o.;), also makes a good start with its first number. It is published at sl, has,two illus. trations, and offers contents such as a Church. man of no extremo views would wish to'put into the hands of his children, as well as read for his own profit. True to its instincts, The Art Journal pro. misesus "a complete resume of the 'art manu. factures in the Paris Exhibition.. The first part of the Illustrated Catalogue will appear in the April part. - "It will consist of 28 piges, in which tiro comprised upwands of 100 illustrations, siipplied, by; 260of the lead. ing manufacturers of Europe.! I", PUNCH. Topographical Defiii?tion.'- Cavendish Place : a tobacco pipe. Unequal Rating.-A"-big -wife scolding a little husband. Why are porters ino great houses like poultry.? Because they are Do(o)rkings. Shortly to be publishedj" Flirtations for the Season, or the Now Belle's Life in' Lon. don " The Age of Steam.-A fine old english gentleman, seeing the numerous large adver. tisements which adorn the metropolis, re. marked with joy that the day?.ofposting had returned. Slippery 1-Stableman (out of work): ' Hallo, Sam I where are you going?' Cabby (who can hardly keep his 'horse on his legs for the ice) : " Whoo I Why, right over the cab, and out ofn my mindd i" t Surgical.-We English 'practise vivisection. We are very fond of cutting up our friends and acquaintances. 'Arithmetical Demonstration.-The length of the Reform procession 'from Trafalgar. square may be calculated to a nicety, for is not a'" league" exactly three miles ? Bad News for Puppies.-Dog tax reduced -no exemptions. Two Old Men's Tails.--Old Fogeyism and Old Bogeyism. Lot us cut,them off., A-Mortal'Insult.---A dead cut. The Love that Kills.--Pulmonary affec. tion. Woman's Best Book.-Solf-Help, by Smiles. The First Weed -Every school-boy has heard of the Bacohem of Euripides. Frightful Prospect.-It is dreadful to hear of a child only one month old, taking io the bottlel. Dental.-If you submit to artificial teeth, you must make up your mind ever after to speak in a falsetto. Mrs..Partington says, 'getting out of and getting into bed during the late cold weather was Paradise Lost andParadius Regained. Intelligent Pet.--" Ma, dear, what do they play the organ so loud for when 'Church' is over is it to wake us up 1" Reflection of: an Insolvent R;ailway.--The rolling stock gathers no moss. A Hunting Set. '-The Fox Club. SCause and Effect.-A delightful hearer ob served of a 'very brilliant talker that the flash of his wit was followed close by the peal of applause. ' ' The" Schoolmaster's Paradise.-Whip· pinghm. Logical Exercise 'for Ledies.=-Tumping to conclusions. At the next meeting of the Medical Society of London a paper will, be read "On the Backbone of the Nation." 'Voting :Papers.-Bank-notes. Poetical License.-A music hall's. " Wihats the Odds "--Purclhaer of Horse -" He's rather heavy about the head, isn't he "' Dealer (can't deny it)-" Well, Sir (happy thought), but y'seeo, he'll heyv to carry it his'self." - To Medical Students.-Be well up in all that is required of you especially ,in the sinews-of war. My Practical Joke.-No change. , Milband has to pay cab.?. After which he has no change, only a cheque, and I have to pay the railway fares for both. So ends my practical joke. Ail innovation :bee 'been quite recently !noticed io ladies' dresses, jet orna'ments har. ing' been replaced by amber. BILLSe l' LAD eO.--At a';meeting of the members of the 'Asoeitted Chambers of lo. merce, held in London during tha',ss? week of April it was resolved :-!' That it be a recomrme. datloo from tbq Associsted Chambers toall sShlp pers to English Colonies sad foreign Ports, ad all Masters of vessels, that on ialong Bills of Lid. lig, the same should be numbered I a asimilr manner to Bills of Exchange (being designated as first, stcond, third, &c.;), and that the fint Bill of Lading shoe d be to sked upon as the primary document, upon which the receiver of the goods Is to act, and which should be the Bi; of Lading for relndorsement when the goods are shipped." - But no hing was said be?rlng oa es' stamped copies. The best way,, however, to de, olde the whole affair would be, to repeal the Act in so far as relates to stamps on Bills of Ladrleg This duty is a tax on Shipplng, 'and is one of the many remnants oel exl loded systems that oughtl to Sbe abolished. Carriers by land are not subjecteld to any imposition of ibis natare, and the Over-5' trade ought in common fairness to be placed on I Sfootoing 'of 'equality with- railwalyer-cansls, a'l other ioland conveyances. , Thiis s more esp?d hally the'case when rn'l fsor.r~'pemCitted t make onees'fentry '?a whule~lnkd of ,'pckseL through th D ( 5'?mnne podrt.--,it j.l5' I -arilt 