A STAG HUNT. ' | -*~~ TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SIR-In reading the account of the hunt at Oatlands I feel it but justice to the proprietor of the Oatlands Hotel to correct some inaccuracies which appeared in the account referred to. A stag hunt was proposed some time ago, when the proprietor of the Oatlands Hotel, to further the sporting affair of the district, provided in an enterprising manner a fine back from iClnrondon. T. B. Clarke, Esq., of Quorn, promised the sportsmen of Oatlands a spin with his hounds, but by some misunderstanding there was a mistake as to the date of the moon and finding it impossible for Mr. T. B. Clarke's pack to meet, application to Mr. S. Blackwell was made, who promptly placed the " Melton" pack at the disposal of the sportsmen. At 11 a.m. a large assemblage of sportsmen met at the Oatlands Hotel. Punctually at 12 as fine a back as we have seen for many a day was enlarged from the premises of the Oatlands Hotel into the main street, where there was a field of between fifty and sixty well- mounted horsemen, and at least three hundred pedestrians, waiting to witness his escape. This he did in grand style, making for Weeding's ground, through the top of the Lagoon, when, being assailed by sheep dogs, he again made through the water, then through a garden into the main street. He then shaped his course to the back of Oatlands in great style down one of the streets leading towards Anstey Barton, taking through the cultivated paddocks, where some stiff timber stared them in the face, making it warm work for the field to follow, and giving it quite strong enough for the first of flight. After one of the most exciting runs I ever witnessed of about ten or eleven miles over a stiff country with sufficient timber to try' the ' mettle of men and horses, he was at first run into, uninjured by the hounds, but by fair exhaustion he gave up the ghost. Thus ended one of the most exciting hunts witnessed by the oldest sportsmen of Tasmania. The stag disposed of, and an hour to spare, the field proceeded to York Plains, in quest of a " long tailed un," but unfortunately none put in an appearance. So the sporting gents had no other alternative than to return to the Oatlands Hotel; where " mine host" had ready provided a repast of the most recherche kind. All in deed and word applied themselves to the work of feasting. On the removal of the cloth the usual toasts were proposod, our veteran of the chase, Jas. Lord, Esq., occupying the chair, his vice being T. B. Clarke, Esq. As the wine circulated many songs and glees went the rounds, and jollity was the order of the evening till 10 o'clock, when the party broke up, looking forward to a renewal of festivities, which is expected to come off on; the 28th and 29th inst. at the Assembly Room, Oatlands Hotel. \- Forgive thus encroaching on your space. Yours truly, SPORTSMAN. 