QUEENSLAND PAI LIA.MENT. (Abridged from the Brisbane daily Ipapers ) LEGISLATIVE ASSEJMBLY. TexDany, AUGUST 13. Mr. O'SunLvaNi skLid thie Colonial Treasurer,-If tie Government would ihe cond eneouih I" InZy on-n Ii, table of the Houso a statrement elowing thn hill (niol tile marketable) value of all the non-teransferable unl unavailable land-orders now alloit, or in the colony. inclnding separately those ill the Treasary on which the Government havre dvaneod small sums of naonry, and the amount eo advanced P Mr STurPHes said thie total nominal value of all outstanding non-transferable land-orders on thie 30tih June, 1867, was £77,528. Of that amountland-ordere representing £52,776 were deposited withl thne Govern ment, the sum of £10.555 maving been advanced nupon them under the provisions of the Immigration Act of 186d. Mr. O'SoxL ax asked the Secretary for Lands, If there is any truth in the report that a gentleanat has offered the Government £5000 per annum for a five years' lease of the run known as Wrotbrook, situ atedon the Darling Downs, and which is now paying bute ontalof £250 per annum ? Mr. BuL? replied that tnhere was no truth in tihe repost, and that he had the authority of the lessee of Westhbrk'to cay that lhe was prepared to accept sunch an oser if made, and would pay a handsome comnmie alonto any one who would,be the means of procuring it for him. Mr. ABREna presented a petition from residents in Rockhampton, praying that free seleetion might be pmroelisinerd in the districts around that town. Mr.- Las asked the Minister for Lads,, without notice,-Whether it was truethat thie Secretary for Woikawrote to the Mayor of Warwick asking him wathieriis constituents were agreeable to ithe pluseig a postid of the landson the Darling Downs in tIne Lao duaofsarket forsaleo and if so, would thie Govern mentIa~-a copy of the letter on the table of tihe Houtks Mr. B?z. said he had no ofloial knowledge of tile letwr alluded to by the hion. member, and therefore was not in a position to lay any letter on tile subject before the House. Mr. Pe.a?m asked the Attorney-General,-(1.) Whether'it is the intention of thie Government, during the prsenet session, to make any provision for the establishment of a branch of the Insolvency Court, with s reident Judge,or Commissionerin Insolveny, at orelkhampton P (2.) Whether it is the intention of the Government, during the present seasion, to mnake any provision for the establishment of a branch of tine Treeasry at Bockhnmpton P Mr. LIuW zr replied,-(1.) Pending a general revi dion of the Insolvency Laws of the colony, and in view of the proposed reforms in tile legislation of OGreat Britain, it was not. An early opporlunity woold be take next aeassion to givre increased fieility to the administration of the law in that district. (2.) Not during lhis ases'on. Mr.?anor.sclnaked the Secretary for Lands whetner s?~oald :lstate to the Hoaso,-(l.) The method on wniieh the re-assessment of runs in East and West M?oreaton and- Darling Downs has been made. (2.) Ulbsnumberofassessors employed for this parpose. (3.) foar, and how much, they are paid for their services P Mr. Bat. replied i Thie motlhod of assessing runs ona the.Darling Downs and Moreton districts is defined in the inateations to Assessing Commissioners publishned iathe G7enesmeat Garette of 27th Decenmber, 1865. (2.) There are two assessors acting for tihe Crown, and a-alrge -umber for the lessees, as each lessee apposta Isl own aunessor. (3.) Tle Deputy Sur eeorasnnerel ccle as asessor for tile Crownn in tie iwrton districts, but does not receive any additional allorane -for the service. Thie assessor for tie DarlibgDowns is paid £100 per neonth, out of which bbe ys~pblhie a·sistante, and furnishes necessary equip . et?app.! c.T e assesspore for tihe lessees are paid e-qiag-to -:priviate arrangemenrt, at rates rsuging romnjj -to £20 in each rase, but not at tie eltaennso f?tleaivernmsent. 3I [WacacL asked the Colonial Secretary,-(1.) Wibbar about the time of tie Maryborougnl election, a?nrcamplsints reached tine Goccrnment thaI ofleials thel?wsre interfering in el-etion matters. (2.) If eo.i~ld thie Gorernment name thie ofiicers comnlplained of,the.eaaet nature of their offenees, and the names of their mnsens P ~Mr. MaoIl~oT m reoplied that a letter was reeeired from a?p?rson at Maryborotngh about the action referledto.-, The eommuniration was a soomewhalnt r-mbling one; general in ito eomplaiuts, but which wo prin~oipally gainst the police ; thie name of thie writer, t r. - utchiains no action was taken upin it beyond merely? a caution, but it could scarcely be lopetton auzs complaint. 'A't i' DEBATE ON TILE ADDRESS. r3[:piistrji6tsaid, as far as the land question was eot?iried,'hs Would giove the Government his Iearty Tapjeiot' Te language of the amendment le must domisKy?awb not very clear or very transparent, b-iit, sikn It e most comprehensive meaning wlhich could i-b?ppIied to it, it seemed to him that the ob jetition ifseh the Opposition had to tie Executive ao?ti?t, theboinaitry consisted-first, in the revival of lthefbli:fo tMinister for Works; secondly, in tile t~ansfesnce of the hen. member for Eastoen Downs (fi tihet office of Treasurer to tile offiee of Works, itdit ihending him to his constituents; and tirdly, inattbe number of Ministers in the House, when com -i4'to'the.number of members, gave the Govern ~inltt undue infSuence in the deliberations of the Hin'ian` ~aimpaired leiilslation. He did not think sh"s ai any other ground whaterer stated in tlne a?-eiiem6st as charge ajins l bhe Government. If thl:nb onsidered the isinteii~ hipount of money the colonyetpended in conp ion with railways, and how ii$dth']satm iy' idayliTi? ?wa-red from want of a nlgtfrdnt" pesvlfiikii in is expenditure, and if they coond~i~lqh?"&obi; which Mr. Watts, the previoun MiiiiteiarTor ?e, was admitted on all sides of thie Hoaiu'tolbtvpdone when filling that oflee, and tnle samnssbtsb?onn he was admitted to have saved, Ie (?p?rGarrlck) thought tnhey mighlt fairly aosumo thsat thbe ecutive-bmsiness of the country did require that the ofiee of Minister for Worke should be filled slp. Sd:lthat the offie, as far as he was able to see, was not abnlished;butthe appointment simldy left mn abeynnce, tibibllled'up iftthe business of thie country required it. Thbie,'s to thie second ground--tlat respecting tie trais??ference of the hon. member for Eastern Downs froam tie ofiet of Treasurer to the office of Works--lhe tshsgtinet action of the hon. member at tise head of _the tl? enmeht would not justify ftine Hoase in with d -nkair confidenre, or in nsking him to retire lthonition. With regard to tihe third matter .lsifaetin thie amendment, ie thought the numnberr a.Thbnlers in the House osught to be very consider lhcisceed. If that course were adopted it became uagtion whetlnerit would be advisable to reduce t eref Ministers. Hedid ndt tlink there wacrc s iI -thes amendment of sulleient importanceo s'ndibea Houseto withdraw their confidence from thie dMihistry 'fle ontended thnat thie history of the bl?pders'ofthelcolony was in a great measure tihe history of b pthelitses of the House. It was impos able for thalion. inembers for the Burnett to attack the leaders of th Government on any mnaterial point ni leaiT they neluided themselves in that very same crimination. Insteas of carrying on a war of reerimi nation'it 'would be better to be faithful and Ihopeful for the future. Tihe Government were looking in the right direction, and had come down to tihe House wimh an elentoral policy and a land policy, upon tile printi plea of which the House at any mrate could concur, and at would be better to trust to that than to an ornele that would not speak. Why did not tline opposition dome down with their poliny, and tell tile House what their lisnd policy and their electoral policy was? Wha~ t was. the good of finessine upon sone liltlr matters of administrationP Until they spoke out tihe HoUs would listen to no dnumb orarle. If the oppo ation'ittended to attack thie Government upon the railwPray aneounts, why not ask for tine accounts of ihe railway disbursements, and found upon that a sib stanire motion P He would ask tile hnon. smembers of thie opposition whthlnor they had suftliiennt colnesint among Ithiesarives to secure a strong andl powcrfil GOvernment? Tine best place for ripeninl?g for ofice weas in the ranks of tile opposition, and he nwould advise them not to display thatI precipitancy for plan-e whlich had justified thie obserratio, out of donrs,, "thant theb House was mnore like thie Ibny of a registry oaimeethan a Legislative Assembly." In thie meainime, they might console themselves wiy n tie reflenlion thint they stood eost to the Goverrnint in whant thiey eld oan dear-vi., I0onour and uisefulners to ithe country. The opposition had better occupy their prt-sent sents until they had sueicint firmness and strength amnong themselves to form a good Government. Mr. O'Sncvas said it was imlnpossile for him to voto for thie mendment, becanso e would be incon sisat if be did so. Hie agreed with thie members of the Opposition that the Governmnnt liad failed in all theiraehemea, but he could not- exonerate some mem bers ofthe Opposition from taking their share of the re.poeslr hilit - 1-Ith sides of thie HoeC had bern Ptattt wtll tri.ed uoi had iiled, ind the next mevte ite en;l woluld be to call on the memberst on tohe t ross benches to form a Minintry. With regard to obtnin ing land utder tihe prerollt reglaitions, hie certainly admitted that if thie reglndions lhad been carried out more liberally, they would lave produced more saticr fIttory renoult. ]tut ihe h.nnit-d that they were suf itienl-ti to rnemble tim. anI oattnll intie toobtnin |o - session of thholand. lie knewe uoa ai tids vtry ti nr, whao residecd in I.lthe saare rel he lid iimsenlf. and hba done so for tle last four or five monthse, waiting wilh the money in his pocket to take up tInd if the Go vernmetlt p1osnd this hlnd hill. ie lhad n family of four or five children, and wans paying rent for n honsnC, trhen if hire had thie opportutnity of going on to the land hire would be away thie text day. Whtet tihe capitalist camer and elbowed the poor man out from obtainirg land on whaich to settle and cultnivate, it was time hire oon!d call out for tree selection. As anothec instance of tie inericietyr of the prscentt rcgutlatintc, hire might mention tlat tirthe lessees of the Flralklin Vale run, wio were absentees, had opently delarted that they would bur up every yard of it if it wes put up for sale; and what otlher rermedy against tlenm was tlhere except free selection? 'lThe men of small moons were compelled to advocte this system in self-defence. If tile large capitalist did not comne into tlieir own market, and force themn out of it, thiey would not re quire free selection. Thire very fact of thie breaking out of thire navy disturbance, and thie men leavingtie colony, Biest decided hiim in favour of free selection; but he would hiold free selention in a little with a bridle, if possible. Tire squatting interest was aon im portant one, and would remiaiu so for many years to come, possibly as lolg as the colonry existed, and there fore hire would not like to see anytlhin:g done whi-ih would ceriously endanger it. W3hicni the narvies cotm menced thire disturbance all the Miniisters ran out of the colony. Tihere was only one left, thie preseeut Secretary for Lands. Hlie did not know whetlher ihe was afraid or not; hie did not thibnk lie was nfraid, linut acted from thie natural imlulso of his heart; but nt any ntre, awhen the nun had broken thie law, Ihe mt themt, took thcm to a publi htouse to dinner, and told them to go to work next day, atnd he wtould give them £1 per week, thus raising the weight of wages tlrough out thie colony. He did not intend to blame him now for alhant he did on that ocasion, but hIre certaitly thought it was playing with very dangerous tools. Mr. DeaLL said te did not extend such hosplitality to thire narries at thait time as tihe hion. member Ihad al leged; there was no dinner given. Mr. O'SnLtur: sanid hire saw tire letter written by the hiron. melhherc telling thre mene to go up the line to a certain public-house, where they would get some thing to cat, and they would be set on to work at £1 per week. fir. BELe said hie certainly never wrote such a letter. Mr. O'SL.uVtei corltirnued : The iumnigration this colony paid for was now senttercd over thie whole of tire colonies of Australio, and ire maintained that if tile land was throwrn open it would be thire best itmmi gration measure ever passed in these colonies, because it would attract-tnot thie poor and needy and Ihose twho hIad no experience, but old colonists, possessing capital and experience, from all thie other colonies. He hIad himself seen letters stating that suchr persons were waitiug for the moment whene free selection was paased, whenc they wrould come to tile colnny by Ihun dreds. He -was in favour of a division of the lec torates, and it ought to have been done before. lWhen he was a memrber of tire House before his opinion was that it orght to consist bf forrty-five members. If tlhro ~ars Iao alteration in the number of members lthen thie estimates came before thie House he should certainly vote against continning thie salary of a fifrh ,linister, because Ie held that five Ministers in a Haouse of only thirty-two imembers was ant over-pro portion; rwhichr of the Ministerial departments was abolisheld ihe did not earo, so long s thie number wasi reduced by one. With regard to tire amendment of the electorarl-roll hire might say that five years ago Ie begged that it should be buolned. The learned and bon. mlember for thire Burnelt (Mr. Pring) found the roll very usoeful when iet b went up to Ipswhi-h with Mir. Herbert. Pcrsonation was never heard of until then, and then it was carried on to a frighfiil extent-per sons a)rpeared to vote on that occasion whao had been so hIig ldead 1irt tIhey did not know theirown names; they did not know wihose solts theyr were. Some were as elcan-shaved as when they were first burled; they Ihard to go back to their adopteld parntas or guardiaos to asecrtaiu what their names aetually were. There was a barber at Ipswich at that time-a professor namned Page--who, hIe was informed, made a great deal of morny thlat day byselling false whiskers. Tiher had now been up to tifs " lay" so long that tihny could work it to a hair; and now Ministers found it worked against them as well as for trhem they cried out that rthe Act cwatred repealintg. However, Ire would promise themr, nwhen thie matter was brought before the House, to give them every assistance in hiris power to sweep tihe wholo raioll away and make a new ote. He used to be in (avour of manhood suDfrge; he ihad, ihorwever, changed his mirnd on that point, cnd thought the present qualifeiation was quite low enough. Mr. BELL said hron. membebrs opposite were wanting in any distincet policy on thire land question. One of the leading features of the land policy of thire Govern menrt ras to prevent thie monopoly of land which was caused by the absence of conditions as to residence and cultivation. He maintained that the power of free selection given by thie old Land Art, even when read with thie Looasing Act, would not give suaficleot powers of selection to suit thire r,.quirementa of tihe country. Objection-had been nclde to tire appoint ment of a Minister for Works, and that objectiorn was grounded mainly on flianeial reasons. Hon. smembers must be fully aware tlat at tllat time the Government pointed out that very laruge savings ihal been made by tine division of tihe Lands and Works Departments. Thie full amount of the Minister's sadlry was not sucl an extravaegant enxpendiluro as those membchers desired thire bouse to belioee. A very large redultion, indeed, had been made. anud hion. members were at that time satisfied that thaot was a strong reasor wlry thie ap pointrmert should be made ; ard if it was so thenr, surely thi cireunsatances of the country had not yet altered so much; that railway works hald so far ad carread, and expenditure oa railways so reduced, tlhat no necessity existed for such a uinrister. lie main tained Ithere had not been a single rinsor given rwhy thie confidence of tile House shoul d be taken fron tihe Governomert. Tile hton. mrember then at somne lengtr referred to tile remaruks made by lMr. Lamb on Thurs day night with refereneo to tile interference of tihe Govcrnment some years ago with thie Civil servants at elections. He said sucr details were sllnol, and not aorlthy to be brought forward on such an occasion; more especially as they referred to a Minrister who was not now among them. No opportunity had been lost of diverting thire attention of iron. omembers awho hod not yet made up their minds as to ihowr they should vote, from tlhe policy announeod by tile Government. Iemebers on thire oppositeo side of tihe House, who were anxious to get into olifee, had given iron. members, and especially thie new members, to understand that tile Govuernment Ihad not alone used great efforts to obtain votet in their favour on this occasion, but they Ihad resnorted to lchicanery to obtain votes. Not only w-as such not the case, but he believed that not a single vote had ben en iavassed by the Government. He made bold to say so. because hie know that no snuch canvassing hiad tirken iplance. Tohe hon. member then refcerred to the personalitios indulged in towards him by thire Iron. member for hlnfarybor.ugl with reference to tihe reserves at Cuoakilloabnr, and said as he had explaincd tie whole mnatter so recently in his speech on tile hIustings, hie would not inflict the explanation on mrembers of the House oeilo, unless a motion wars made on thle subject. He did not believe an adverse vote against thire Government would be carried on tihe merely personul grounrds which had been taken against thie head of the Gorvernment, bruse hiron. moembers who mr 0o rocenlly trake thicr seats would seo that on so improrant an oecnsion it would not be proper for ticem to confine their decision to out of personal chlaractcr. Mr. PI'htr comnrrrnrled at somrre length on tire eonm position of ie uanolenldn t, and said, to read it an.o pery, oer renquired to starnd on hiis head. lie objected to tohe Opllosition going hack ho the aets of tLie first t'arliamnrcrt in ,rcdci to find accusations at ailst tila-t. This was a new Parliament, rnd they had mo rieht to di?eue tihe proeceditgs of previous tParli.amenrts except ns mautters ol reoed. If the presenl, head of the Ministry hind really emn:onittrd sun-h great militical erimos, why did tihey nrot itmpeahi himit; or, if tlhey eoull ntrot do that at otee, let theme bring in a bill giving thre inecessary rpowers. As to tire presence of a finister for Works in the House, tlmt might be a moot pioint, but ie hhoped the lHouse would strongly resist the cotinuoance of flrn Mnltlistcrs. The hon. nmember conuclulded by condenuinig, in slarong termsn, the attclmpt to throw all tihe blame of imal- administlrtlion on Mr. iMacaliarer, aid thrust him f(otm office. Mir. MtL.Et reviewed thie Governor's speech, and, ref-rriag to that portion iu whaich a re-disltribution of electorates was spokenf of, observed that Ipswich was becoming depopulated, aud stated that if a bill were brought in to abolish the electorates of West Moroton and Ipswilh, he should be disposed to sopport it, in consequence of the lurge amount of corruption that existed there. Ote pnragrpht proposed economy. hNow hlie loked upoi this parcagraplh with the greatest amount of suspicion. Had cte Goverrnmenot proposed to reduce Ministers' salaries to £600 per annum, he would have had some fiitlh in their professed desire for economy. A creat deal was proposed in tit para- graphtl whiiCh tsti Gov-rnmeniit never insended to carry outl, and if they did, they woild commrit tross injus tie. Hle had beeni informed that it wcs the intention of the iGovernment to nbohlsh the Weutern District. Court. If such wais a filet i he should eertainly recoin mnend his eonsliLuents to go in for scpauation. As to thie amendment nmoved by thie hion. memnber for the Burnett, hle Ihad no ihesiation in stating that hie shotild support it, because ihe believed that the present Go vernment had failed to govern the colony as it ought to have been governed. They had failed in theirland policy, in their imnmigration policy, in their filnnciual p diey, ant,-in fact, in everything they had under taken. It was a matter of indifference to him who were in olice and who were out of it. There was a strong feeling against tile Northern members in the House. (No, no, atd hear, hear.) Tlhe fact wastlhut the Northern gold-fields were springing up into im portunce, and several hen. members were afraid that the seant of tilme Government would be removed up there. (Hear, hear, and lnuglhter.) The Opposition hiad been taunted with having no policy. Now all lahe could say was tlhie-tiHt whltever GovernUment camen into power that did not bring in a measure to settle the people upon the lands, ihe should never support it. It was absolutely necessary that somemliing should be done to settle this question. The mnembers for tile Darling Downs had brought the colony itio its pre sent fi,. and thee sh-ould be made to pay for it. UHe might mention the Minister for Lands especially. If thait. hion. gentleiuan supposed wheln hlie voted those sllons for the railways, that lie would continue to hold his iltne, lie waus drudfilly mistaken. Everv facility should ie given for settlrnement upon those lunds in the I)arlinct Downs district. The railways could inot be expected to pay until a populatson was settled there, and, whatever Government went in, hie hloped they would be prepared to deal with that as a settled queslion. He was determined to vote against the Government, and on every oceasiou on lwhiclh a motion to turn them out was brought forward, he should vote for it. Mlr. AtcnEnn anid that, though sitting on the Op position side of the House, he did not comne there to support tile squatting interest. He c.mue thlere to suppllort anylaw which might take the lands out of tile hands of the few and give them to those who would occupy and improve them. Had lie been in the House when it was first opened, he should lhave taken his seat upon tile cross-benches, and he would then ihave been prepared to support either the Oppolsition or the Government, aecording as they shaped their nmeasures. But, after reading the Vice-regal Speeclh, his mind had been at onem made up, and he would tell tile House why he took his seat on the Opposition benchles. It must be the opinion of lthat House that I there had been lately, and for some time past, a great deal of dissatisfaction in the Northern districts. Almost every paper published in the North--every speech delivered at a public meeting, and etery action taken in the North, had expressed decided dissatislfe tion with thle Government. Now it was not Iis pur pose to enter into the question as to whether this dissatisfaction was justified or not, At the iroeper time hie should be prepared to show that the North had been badly used by the House. He considered that it was part of the policy of any Government to keep themlselesl informned of the state of feeling in the country generally. He did not say that they ought to pay attention to every word spoken or written against them, but they ought to keep tleumselres in formed of the general feeling of every pAirt of the Lolony, and particularly that important part lying to the nortlh of tile Calliope. No one could suppose that Bockhamtpton, willth its rising population snd intreas ing w,-alth, would be content to be ignored. Now it could hardly ihave failed to escape the notice of the Goveriumeit Clint there had latterly beae a strong feling in thile North in favour of Separation and df provincial Gorerments. He did think tlat it would have been worth while to hrave in one slhort parugraph in the Vice-regal Sptech ilentiosed that thlero was ttis dissantisfcetion it the North, and to have advised the House to pass such measures as would conciliate that portion of the celony. Then there were the gold-fiGelds. He was prepared to see something about them sin tile Vice-regal Speech, but waleu lie saw that they, together withll tlhe dscsatisfaction he had referred to, were utterly ignored in the Vice-regal Speech, and that notlhing was said about givinig increased re presentation to the North, he immediately walked over to the Opposition benlches. He could not do his duty to thle people hsorepresentled if he did niot take steps to show his disapproval of this attempt to ignore thle North; but if he had been disap pointed with thle Vice- regal speechl, hIe had been equally surprised aut the way in which thle Colonial 8ecretalry had met thle amensndment before the House. That hon, gentleman had never sanid a single word on the merits of that question. It wa perfectly apparent to that hen. gentcn tan that that amendment was proposed in order to give the Opposition an oppor tunity of stating their dissatisfactsoa with the previous conduct of the Government. Now there was not tile slightest doubt that the Government were in corm nmunication with tile mover and seconder of the address in reply. The advice of thlose hen. gentlemen had been simply this-to bury the hatchlet. Thsat was not the way in whlichl the House ought to be addressed. The Ministry should at ones admit that they had failed. They had gone to the country on a constitutibual question; and, instead of calling upon tile country to support them upon that point, they went before them with a Land Bill which nobody hail heard of until a cry was necessary. He was perfectly willing to discuss any Land Bill which might romse before thle House. lie was glad to hear the hlon. memtber for West Mor-ton (Mr. O'Sulliran) refer to tile Atterican land system. Squatter, noas ie wa, hIe would suplmort any such system as that; and hie was xceedingly glad to hear that on this question he wouldl have at least one hion. member willl hint. [Mr. O'Srro.nA: You may be sure of that.J But, in the Governmenst Land Bill, not a single thing l had been said about saking thIe land a tompt.ation to immaoigrants. It merely enunciated the stale prineitdle I of free selection, lwhieh, after all, hand not worked Iparticularly well elsewhere. The Colontalal Secretry had not met tihe amendment on its merits. VWhat he did do was to read over thle nnames of the members wo, voted fot thle office of Minister feor: Works. But lhe (the speaker) maoitaimied that hlonourable members were led into voting for that by the gorgeous speeches of the hen. gentleman at the head of the Govern ment; and, when time lhad falsified those bright speeches, it was not right to twit hon. mnembers for voting according to hieis representation. If he bhad been surprised at the way in which the Colonial Secretary had met thile amendment, lie had been no less taken aback when the Minister for Works got up and met it. That hion. gentleman's way of meetitig it was to ask--" What was athousand pousds a year?" If he could not hare said anything better than thast, he ought to have sat still. He (the speaker) would tell them what a thousand pounds a year was. It was the interest on fifteen thousntd pounds of mnoney borrowed. He questioned whether they would b'e able to meet the interest on the debt out of current revenue. The Colonial Seeretary had said in hIis electioneering spoeoeh at Ipswich, "How could he be blamed for impoverishing thle eountry P He had never sent money out of the country, but had brought it here." Now, unless the hion. gentleman meant repudiation, whalt did he mean? Either he had selot money out of the country, or he did not mean to pay the inter-dt on the debentures. (Hear, hear.) If thie Ministry had begun by cutting down their own salatries, they would have done rinht. He was per fectly willing to support a murht more liberal laud entsurie thlni the GCoernment Ihad yet introduced. R.viewing the wholeo history of Queensland, and judgime the Minlistry fromn whet they Ihad done, ie decidedly declined to trusl a Mhillistr whlich had ld I a countrv, willh such brilliant 1rospects as Qiiens lind had, into its present position. Before he sat do 'ii he should like to ask the Hosie whether it wns notd worth whlile to eonrilite suchl a distriet ns the norlth l? Would it not be worlih while to takie into eonsideratiot thle wish the north had epressoed for the esthblialslnnet of Purotitial Councils? The onl-y reison tltt tim niorth Ilad not yet used somethintlg more thant words was Ihe knowledge that they were living under a Government whichl was under the eonlrtol of tlce Homo Goversnment, nud that they coldd Inv their grievroces at the foot of the Throne and obtini redress. uWhen questioned on the hustings aOs to whether he was in fivour of separation, Ie said "'No; Ihe believed separation would be a great evil." But lthere was a limiit to all forbearance, and nothing piroroked men so much as contompt. Dr. CnssLetoti said that althoughl it might be to the interest of the eouotry to leave thle oflee of Works intact, and that it might perhaps be better to samalgoa souate any two oflices of the Government rather than titat, yet he could not Ielp remembering that it was created for political purposes. He woull like to know awhat aptitude tile hon. member at thle head of thst delartment lhad shown for tile managemenet of its affairs, nod if tlheo condition of affairs on the Dalhy line was an instance of his good maneagement? He could not help highely commendilg thie nstuteness with whichl tile Ministry in thie third paragraph of tihe Spee-ht had taken earethat. the country should be well acquailted withi their land policy in easo tthey should be ousted, and ithe opposiion put forward a scheme Iess liberal, in whlichl ease they would probably be re called to otlice. lie thought the amendment was per feetly legitimate; Iohe hIad no fault to find with it on tIhat ground. lLut wuhat was right and whlat was ex pedient wore two things. iHe ws as m mlch opposed to the hon. gentletean at the head of tIhe Government as any onear, but thie country required an iummediate reform of thie land law. As it was there would otly be a comparatively smtall quantity of cotton planted because tiere would not he time to put it in after the people hud posseasion of thie land. He wanted the Government to produce their land bill, in order that hIe might see what it was, and satisfy himslisf that there was no back door it it. Therefore, te would prefer that tle Ministry rematn in offllice for a time at least. He could not agree with the Ministry, but he did not tlhitk it was expedient to pass the amendment at this time. He would therefore propose an amentd ment on the amendment by moving tile prerious tqucstioo. The SPExAeaE ruled that tihe previous question could not be put while there wus an amendment before tihe House. Dr. COaLnLs.o raid Iheo was thes placed between two tires, and uuder the eircumntnces ,he preferred being burned by shie fire whose force hie knew some thing of tlhat by thie fire he did not know. If the op nosed the amtendment it would not be on acteount of itoy objectiou hie had to the prittipleof it, but because Ie did not thlitk it expedient. Mr. CLaRK deprecated thie conduct of the Oppo cition in brihging in a vole of wanl of confidence in tihe Iittistry at so early a period of thie s.ssiont, before tihe ntew memtelrs coltd rhave att optorlunity cf jude ing for themselvel s as to whlether tIhey were doilg right. He tholughlt they ought to allow the Colotial Treeasurer to bring in hIis budget, because until they knew what thie slate of their filoancres wee,, it was impos sible to know what they were doitgoand what they could do. lie had nothing to thank thie Ministry for-tthey had dote all they could to oppose his ehle tiot, and had rua him to cosaiderablceaxpense in cot sequence; but this was not a time to allow personal censiderations to inlterfere willh tihe performance of a public duty. He approvced of the Govternment land policy because it promlised free selection, but he ob jected to it in olther respects, and believed that it was a squaltor's nmensure, intusuthtc as it proposed to lock up thie land. He did not agree willth those mnembers who declared that whleat could be grown at a profit on ntearly every part of the Darling Downs: tile fact was that there were very few places whtre wheat alone would pay, and thie farmers of Warwick, whlo had been growing these crops, were now cryigt out for free selection, because they wanted grezine land on whitih they could run a few sheep and cattle. He should vote against tlte amendment hecause the Opposition had witlhheld their land policy, and thierefore members like hIimself, whlo were new to theI House, would by Ssupporting themo be voting in the dark. If the Oppo sitiot had announced a liberal land policy he should have been glad to have supported them it their pre semt motiots. Mr. S?EP&NS; said te could not allow this question to go to the vote cithout expressing hIis opinion of the amendment. A distinct vote of want of confidence it thie Ministry would have been much mnore estisfae tory. There was one line in it, however, which hae approved of-about the only ote--and that was to thei effect Ithat five Ministers in thie House gave an undue infuence to the Ministry of the day. But it did sot follow because it was inldrisable to have five Millisters in the iHouse that. the psrlieulatr omce of V'orks should be dispensed writh. There was not one responsible Miistoer which the i]fousCeeoDld noth bhistc s;lare. The-re was n io other ouilte lwhich was not eapable of ihaving maore work put tpon it. We Stad (or soon should have) c'zpended £2,000,000 ot railweys; not oue of tile iaree contra.tn had as yet been com pltted, balanced off, and settled for, nor wete any of the works finished for whichl the wl;ole of that iarge ainount of money ]tad been borrowed, although the bulk of the money had been spent. He lthought they ,ultid admsit the squaring up of them was quite suflieient for one Miniister to be responsible for. When it was ascertaited that MIr. Wattas would resign thle oflfice of Minister for WVorks, it was offered to him (Mr. Stephens),but he said he could not accept it. This was before the notificalion spoken of bad ap peared in the Governmenet Geette, and Ihe was again asked for a, final answer after the notice appeared, at lwhich time hte declined. Tlhat showed thlat thie com bination of the departments of Works and Lands wse only a temporary arrangement, ssd that the office of Minister for Works was not abolished. There was an absolute necessity for a responsible Minister to have control of thie department of Works. It was no use saying that it cotld be tacked on to hIe department of Lands or any other office, as it was a most impor. tant department of itself, and it would be even better to attach one of the other departments to the Treasury than to tack the offce of Works on to any other. It was so important in its control ouer the public ex penditure that he would not consent to hold his office of 0olonial freasurerif tihe departmuent of Works were again combined with any other. He was in favour of cotnbining two of the other oficers, hiowever, and he considered that it would be better to add thie offico of Treasurer to that of Works than to do away with tho latter altogelther. Thie hIon. member for tile Burnett Itad talked about economy; but would it be economny to stop a stpereieion of thie nerounts it connection with tihe public works, asl continue tie works? (Hear, hear.) As an itstance of teo manner in which thel proposed abolition oftIleoflilee would act, he woltd remild thie House tlhat the C-tnmisuioner for nad; ways, and ollther important offitiuls w'vre in it, and would have to be dinsmissd. lie contended that, withoot a Minister for Works to exercise cootrol anud utupervision over the fintnsuial deparlmeut of tlhe public works, the eountry would be broeluht into ttancial disgra?e. Let the House pass a rote ofwsht of eoufidence if they thought proper, but he would urge upon hInt. members to refrain from suppouetig tihe ometdmtent and to avoid dinsastrous consequencee. Mr. SflsntaEAN said the nmover of the Address Ihad colnselled f,,rbearanee as regarded the m:l-ndmini- tration ofthe past; but he should have remembered there was a point beyond whirch forbearance became a crime. (HIear, hcear.) These were not times for mittcitg opinious or compromnising principle'. Iftthat hon. member had been an older member of the Hoter, and had been practically eognisant of thie want of political hIonesty wlielh had be6n displayed towards the country by the head of the Ministry, he fellt con- fident that the hon. member would not have spoken it the way he Ihad done; at all events what he did say would hIave led to a different inference. He believed that the hion. member would not even intdiret-ly have attempled to condone the clarges which had been broughlt against the head of the pre sent Government, hy counselling peae, peace, wlhere 'there could he no peace wit)hout the sacrifice of honesty and truthl. He Ihad nothing to do with draft ing the amendment. but he was so strongly convined of thie truth of the princ-iples it conveyed that he con sidered he would not be doing hiis duty to thie country or to his conslituents if he voted against it. They would never find out properly who "spilt the milk" -they would never get at the real state of the railway question until the present Premier was out of ofice-and they would neverattain to that scrupulous econony, and efieiency in the public servire, lwhichl the exionecies of the ncountry reqtired until that event toank place. (Hear, hear.) Thie houn. muember for Etst Moreton hasd said that all parties had been more or less to blame in this matter of railway expenditure. This was doubtless trie to a certain extent ; but he (Mr. Sandetman)' believed that those hIon. members uwho suppnortei the rievay poliey were mostly to blamue becanuse they had been Cuilty of pitteing too itnpli.it - aiS idend 'e in a uMinister who hurite ithe enltire chargeo of the railway department hIad mslned Ilthem--(hear, Ilear,)--lwho hd sanetitned without authority the enortous atdditional outlliy on the Estimates wvicht haSd origitally bee', broug.t before the Slouee. lWho, he would like to know, had induced hIeon. membersto vole thits money ? nwho was it hatut conealed frome tho e tie netual state of thie rail way aecount ? If thley htad known in time thie correcte staot of the tilsway question as it affected the fitaneial position of the colony, they would hinve been able, as tmen of business, to Ihave saved the colony fiom a ruitnous expendilure. (Hear, Itear.) He happerned to be in Ksnw South Wales whren Mir. Byrte, thie Minister for Works of that colony, hId mede a statement in thie Legislative Assembly to tlhe effect that the railways in Queseneland hIad been a comnplete failure. He did not like tosercon accusation of this kind go uncontrodicted, and he thlerefore deter mined to take the matter up. But before doing so, he considered it desirable that he should obtain a statement of the a.tual working of the line from the head of the department, and accordingly 'he sent a telegram from Sydney a copy of which he would read: "Sydney, 8th Marcelh, 1866. To the Hon. A. lac alister, Esq., office of Lands and Works, Brisbane.-.Is the line to Bigge's Camp payiig all working expenses snid interest; if not, state hlow much? Strong asser tions made by Minister for Works in Assenibly hlere ttat Queensland railway isa failure. Reply imme diately." The nswer, signed " A. Macalister," to whlichl he desired to directthe special attention of hion. members, was as follows:-" The line to Bigge's Camp is inot only paying working expenses, but U per cent. interest in addition to the cost of it. Any assertion that it is a failure is not oaly nntrue but a great slatder." Would the lion. Premier tell him that that nan not a document calculated to mislead those who supported him ? (Hear, hear.) That was a specimen of tllhe hlon. gentleman's conduct. (Hear, hlear.) A great deal had been said about the coalition which had taken place during the session of 1866; and he might state that it was only after the coalition had been formed, and certain members of tile party with whom he had uOually arted got behind the scenes, that he becaie thoroughly convinced that they had too long plnaced eonfiden?e iiu a Minister who had nether honesty or rapacity, a fact which hlie believed had been proved beynotd a doubt. With regard to the land question, there was in the proposed Government bill nothiiii that hon. mnehbers on his side of the House could dissent frnm, beyond thie fat that it did not go far enoughl. lie sniintinted, howei-er, that if the prcseit land laws had bect properly administered, there would have been as much land for occupatinn as could pessibhl hae been required. Ie, as an indivi dual, held trong v ews with ieoard to thIenenessity of re lucing the price of land, and, it declaring large areas, wien required for tile farmer, he was at. one nith the Gornrment BrHe would even go beyond them. He did not think after all that there was much differenen on eithlerside of the house willth regard to the land queas tion. He believed tliht t he regulations which had been eramed from time tco time Ihad done miore to injuor tihe iprospects of the colony than iall the lcasitte opleraonis. Hle woultl like to see ai iet passed which would pro perly define the rights of the l?ssee or the purchaser, as the case might be, so thlt there could be no injus tice done under tihe shelter of regulations framed by Ministers fr the time beitg, who cold aiter them as they chose, and thereby make roomn fr any amount of corruption. By doitigaway with these arbitrary regu lations poplde coming into possession of aInnd would know what they were doing when they invested their money. Let tltem have the truth, and do anwy with tbe dodging and chlicanery which had accompanied all the acts of the present Government. (Hear, bear.) It had been sedulously pat forth that he enthrtained estreme views on the land question, and he might say he knew by what under-crurrent this idea had been fed. He could inform the House that he was not a Darling Downs squatter-he was not personally inter easted in either the Agricultural Rassrves Act or the Leasing Act, not being likely to purchase or occupy under either s yet he loved justice, and as long as abundance of land was set apart for the bonajide agri culturist or small farmer, hle thought it the height of injustice to deprive tlhose who had borne the heat and burden of ithe day of theirjust rigbts. He maintained this on the grounads ofjustice and commnon sense. The hen. member at the head of the Government from his long consnetion with the land-offic was very well known here and elsewhere. He did not intend to nay in what odour he was held, hut thinking men had Mid that hle hiad not done justice to thie reosposible psi tion lhe occupied. Had hlie practically understood the land question, anid determined to act honestly, ihe would long ere this have beent able to frame a proper policy; but he had snever had a policy. He had been wafied about by every wind, hoping to drift through tntuoas coairsns to tihe one thing needful-the reten tion of omice. T'lte lon. member's numterous incon sistlencies were too patent to need commlnt. If the ithtiopian could ch.inge his skini, or the leopard his spots, hIe might istill be induceid p-rhaps to believe in the hant. Premier; but these were not tile days of miracles, however, uand there was nothing for it butto " ast out ithe unclean thing." ("Hear, Ihepr," and laughlter.) (The hon. gentleman concluded by quoat inte from Mr. Mac~lister 's previous speeches to the ellect that he did not believe in the Americau Home stead Law, or in imposint any ronditiois byton I thut of cultivation, enid finally woand up by stating that hlie could never place any confidence whatever in the present Premier.) Mr. PrTcraBD had not intended to address the Hlouse hIad it not been for what had fallen from the Miinister for Lands. He came into the House with the foil itlentiou of supporting the Ministry, but after listening to the speech referred to, he was con vinced I that hie could notconscientiously carry out that determination. He considered that any hon. gentle man who could submit to such a course of action was unworthy the confidenc of that House. It was evi dent from tile remarks of the bhen. member that in thus desiring to retain aofice he cared only for the loaves and fislhes, and that hlie had no interest what ever in the progress or welfare of the colony. Under these circumnstanes, he (Mr. Pritehard) must support the amendment. He miight say that he could asarcely understand what had fallen from his hon. colleague (Dr. O'Doherty) with regard to letting by-gones be by- gones. If that principli were to be carried out to the extent it could be, what would be thle result HIe considered that the Laud Bll promised was not so liberal as it ouoht to be. He regretted the absence from the Speech of all reference to the Pos?al Con ference or to immnigrntion. He maintained that no Land Bill the House could pass would be of any utility if they did not induce men of small means to comne here to take ip the londs, and give employment to the starrinag peopll Iere. He accused tihe Govern ment of mal.-admiinitration of the land laws. The laud laws now existing gave every facility to free selection, aod he chlarged tile Government with gross inelect in not administering those laws in such a way as to place the lands withil the reach of those who wished to settle. They had not fostered agriculture as they ought to have doue, they had been indifferent to all such matters as loag as they got their monthly s:nlaries. Their iltentitns had been good to n certain extent, as far as slited their own purporses, btt went no farther. lIe did not hld withl the amendment, but felt it his duty to support it, because he had no confidence in tile present administration. Any men suores which they Inrughlt forward ere extorted fromt him under pressure. He would not o o en far as to say that tie office of Secretary for Works should he abolished, hut certuainly the-number of ministers ousght to be reducedc. There was no ineed, for instance, ofa Postmtster-General. Tile Ministry asked what was £1,000. He should like to know what they considered a large sum. He considered even £100 a large sumo in those times. He doubted the sincerity of the Oo vernmcent on tile subject of retrenchment, especially after the expense they had cone to in establishing a Csntom-hoase at Ipswich where there was no rneces sity for such an office. He confessed he did not know mulch of the Opposition members, but he believed they were more to be trusted titan the Governmi-nt. Mr. Tamr?a thoueht it would be tihe worst thing they could do to abolish the Works Department when there were about £5800.000 still remaining to be ex pended on railways. Let them abolish any depart ment but this one. If tile Government was turned out to-morrow, he lhoped their successrs 'would ap point a Secretary for Works. He would support such a hill from whomsoever it canme. But he denied that the want ora land bill had caused our present dii culties. They were brought about by over-spech- tion. Nor would any land bill get us out of aour dill culties and bring baik prosperity to the colony. He called the hen. member who had moved the address to nceount for condemning the squatters. The hen. member mist have taken his ceno from the Comiqer, that lpaer shieh was always damning she squatter or the railway, tile two most important interests in the colony. (A laugh.) He also thosglit it very wrong that the proprietor of hint paper should be a member of the Governmentt. The couriner misled peI)ole in England. Who would come out Iere wshen they read that all tie squatllers ncre hoakr.pt. nnd lthe rilwasn a disastrnus , filure. Iw thole piro'rietor of the ipapner in question, who wts a long-lheadid sman, roune to allow such extiaodinary aleaders to appear ill its eolunsis hlie ould inol say. Any one who folloswed its lending made ai great mistake. HIe believed thalnt if thelr could otly get rid of lthe extremne agricultirists aol extr,-me oqunttors, the land quataion could be easily settled. With rergatI' to a stltemenit made by the hn. ienmbrer for the Burnset, he assmured the HIouse that Mr. litzgibbon ]lad no intention of run ning iaway fromn the noloiy. Ite wan ready to give a full stoltenentl of the railuay matters walenierc this House called on him fir it. lie condemned the ap pointment of lMr. Brady to superintend thie construe tion of the Dalby railway, wahen a superintendent was not necessUary. Let Mr. Plews sunoierise thie works. If hlie would not let his name he Walker. He denied that the hion. gentlenis at thoe head of thie Gorern ment had sought ofltee. He was called back at the urgent request of the highest authority iu thie laud. He called in question the assertion in the Courier that Mr. Watts had saved the colony £50,000 in railway stations. Why could not that paper speak the truthP All the stations between Ipswich and Dalby, and Too woomba and Warwick (and some were too costly), had only cost £37,461. The railway station at Too woomba only cost £3,838. He admitted that thebs station which was to have been at Toowoomba would have cost £18,000, including the building of it. But eren if that station had been put up, the total cost of the Southern Railway stations would only have been e49,000. He regretted that the Government had cone to arbitration over tIlheir railway works, because Mr. HIiginbotham was a bosom friend of one of tle contractors. Thie arbitration had involved them in a large and unnecessary expense. Mr. Ptacca wondered that the hen. member who took upon himself to give the Ministry fatherly advice had not advised them to resign, for in this debate they had beeoon much humiliated by the support they had received. E?eon if this amendment was not ceried, looking at the support which the new mem bare had given the Government, they had tot the most distant ghost of a chance of a working majority. The railway policy and the financial polioy of the Government had been very bad, and justified him in voting for any amendment which threw themout of ofie, and allowed another Government to omems in. The House required a true statineont of the manner in which the railway loans had been expended a.eyet not an iota of explanation had been given as to bow those loans had beeorn absorbed. He believed that so long as the present Ministry were in office, no matter how many new Treasurers themre might be, a proper statement of the railway expendilure would never be given. The Opposition had been twitted with not buying a land policy. It was utlsterlyaseurd to'epect an Opposition to declare a policy; and as had been forcibly stated by the hen. member for the Burnett if they had disclosed a land policy, judging from the powers of absorption possessed by the present Minis try, ererythintc that they thought would be carried by a majority would be put into theirbill. 'She land policy set forth in the SeechI had been forced on the Government, not by their supporters, but by the A Opposition. The Leasing Bill, which was the first step in the right direction, and which would be a useful measure if properly worked, had been forced upon the Governmcnt by the Opposition. 'Those who were anxious to know the land policyof the Op position could gather it from the speeches made by hen. members the session before last, and from their recent addresses to their constituents. Butanlfh'was the position of the question now that, whatevbr Mtinistry was in power, it must give the House-nd the country a liberal land bill. (Hear, hear.)'The land bill disclosed in the Speech was not liberal enough for him. It was a bill for the betssdafi a class, and that class the poor men. The oropjition of the hen. member for Warwicsi, that jneg shotdd be combined with agriculture, was what the Oppoi tiodn had declared ought to be provided for in ayasnd bill which might be introduced. 'The a.isting Iand laws, though they might not do for all time,wodd have been made to answer all requirementi up tolte present period. For agricultural purposfes wre~eleo- tion existed now, and had existed for some inae, within agricultural reserves. Withinthoeewsserses man could take up land where he liked, and have it marked by his own licensed surveyor.' Itt 4t~i'been ass~rted that no one could become an o opie osntil the Sorveyor-Gonersl had put him in ~oei lon' . o the land; but a mae could select for himslf,aiad let the Surveyor-General put him out if has could,' es (Mr. Palmer) would oppose the Governmeat ieiaisy possible way with the view of turningthels ourof offiee; but if they introduced good mneasaa ad, there was no possible way of ousting them'gns'the' meaantime, Ie would give his supportto those 'mea sures for the good of the country. Mr. G. Tuonre agreed with the prinieple'of tie selection, but not withl the details. With r rd to the representation of the people, hi would oad pos population as the bosis of representation. ! .o thea questiom of electoral reform, lie depreeaetdth's amoant of personation which had taken ple, nd ' thought it should be guarded against in es? hbse way. He would supportretrencment. Hecddiema -l tile Spe.ch for not seluding mention orflinanhemssd concluded by expressing hie opinion thathbhtail very little confidence in the promises of the Government to alfford a liberal land bill. He objected'titt.heh amendment, however, because it was directed specially against the Premier, whom he regarded as oa of the ablest men in the house. \- Mr. LItrtr charged an lion. menmber with break ing his pledges to his eonstituents. He despe with indignation that the n?mbers of the Gorer. ld clung to ofee for mercednary motives. hi ri was wearied by the variety and compsn . thes various clhrges brought against the G oosisi r. rather against the head of the Government.C . J colleagues would not be so base as todes , unless distinct evidence were given of the tsahtthis accusations hurled against him. He laiesa sp ported a free and impartial oinqufryin pui Idseht,; but he thought that no evidenoe had bseipsiid - to show that his hen. colleangue had ooteri jsflty T" mismanagement. He defended the Premier ga"a charges of railway mismanagement,and of taus?dag the distress of the colony. He was ready to throsleima over directly it was proved that he was gsilty of the charges brought against him. Be had been ?iarged feithl inconsistency in his land policy, but he certainly had done as much good as he could, and had'eiilea-' roured to act consistently. He accused lthebs Oplpuition with "coquetting" withl the boa. membia oDa thl. cross-benches. He would recomometd theicountry" and the House to be fair to the Colonlil Seiretary:. He ridiculed the pretension of the Opposition to pro duce a liberal land policy. The Governmeit had pledged themselves to a liberal land law which,would attract both capital and labour to the colony, anditd must abide by that pledge. Mr. F?lrcce made an explanation. HeTo bhid represented as urging tho House to let "by.toiide b by-gones." What he did say in effect was that they should at the present time allow any s?a.itions against the Goverinient to remain in abevriere until those measurea were obtained whiech were is asixiously looked for and wanted in the country. iAt't rgbt time hlie would bhe most happy to assist in athorough irestigation of any supposed mal-praotioes. The question was then put, " that the words, &e.;," and the House divided with the following ?estilt : Ayes, 16.-Mesirs. Douglas, Stephens, Taldr G. Thorn, Groom, Pugh, Franeis, Lilley, Olarke, Garrick, O'Sullivan, Murphy, O'Doherty, Challinor, Bell, and Mtaealister. Noes, 14.--Messea. Palmer, Archr, Lamb, il]ne, Fitzsimmons, H. Thorn, Mackenole, B?ods, Miles, Prilchard, Ramsay, Sandentan, Waish, and Pring. (Cheerrs and counter cheers.) Mr. Roros, after reviewing and commtntiag upon thie different paragraphs of the Speech, moved' the f llowing amendment:-" We therefore recommend that the expenditure appertaining to thebs office of Minister for Works' be discontinued." Thie amendment was put, and the House divided as before. The Address was then adopted. Mr. Mcia srA?LS informed the House that he would, next day, oDfer a personal and Ministerial expaiation. The House adjourned at half-past 1. 