THE TROTTING, HORSE. A LEGEND OP THE MURRUMBIDGEE. " Well ! don't it thunder ; by Jove ! there's a crash, it puts me in mind of the night I camped at the Black Swamp." "Tell us aboutit; I've hoard of the place; I believe nobody ever campa there unless they are obliged even in the day time." " Well, lads, it is a jolly good job we arc not camping out to-night; I never did see such lightning, except that night I spoke about." " Do tell us, Harry, to pass the time away." "I don't much like speaking about it now; I'll tell it to-morrow." " Oh ! no, oh ! no, let's have it now j we want something to cheer us." "Well, if you will have it, here goes, though I don't think it will cheer you up much : " ' It is some seven or eight years ago since I was droving for Binstead and Walker, the slaughtermen of Ballarat ; it took some beef to supply the diggings at that time, I can tell you. Binstead used to look after tho killing, and Walker used to travel about, buying up cattle, I had been with them some time before I speak about, but I had never been in this part of the country before. They had been buying mostly round the Western Districts, about Portland and that way ; but this time he had bought about sixteen hundred head, at different stations on the Lachlan, and we had mustered them at Cold- water, and pushed across for the Murrumbidgee, intending to strike it where Hay stands now. I had never heard of the Black Swamp, though I had noticed it coming up, and thought it would make a good camp. Well, we mustered the cattle, as I said, and the next day we started ; we got on all rightf»ough we had some regular Rooshans amoDg tWmob, some that had never seen a white man before ; we had to keep a sharp look out for them the first night, the next day we had plenty to do to keep them together, an d when we carno to the swamp at night we were pretty well done up. Joe took the first watch and Tom and I turned in ; it was a fine moon- light night, and we could see almost as well as in the day time. Well, we had'nt been in the blankets moro than two hours when it began to rain ; Joe told us we bad better get up and rig a tilt to keep the rest of the things dry, which we did. Well, wo Bat there smoking and talking ; the cattle lying as quiet as possible, for they were too tired to give us much trouble The rain came down heavier, and the thunder and lighthing were awfal j I never saw the like before. Tom had just been speaking about it when I thought I heard a horseman coming up. It was not dark, although there was a large black cloud overhead, and I said I wondered who was out on the plains at this time of night, and that he would get a jolly good ducking. " Why," says Tom, " he's coming this way," and we could distinctly hear the tiot of the horse as plain as if he was on a metalled road. Joe remarked that he supposed he could do a drink of tea when he came up, and ran out, and put the billy by the side of the fire. On be came ; we could see him now in the distance, and noticed that his horse knew how to trot ; Tom said he supposed he was a stock rider from some of the stations. Suddenly he cried, as we all jump to our feet, ' Why, I'll be-if he isn't going right through the cattle.' Tom and Joe went to their horses, which were close by ready saddled, and off they went ; I stopped there. I could hear them swearing as they galloped to- wards him, but he kept trotting on as un- concernedly as if he had done no harm ; I expected to see Tom strike him with the stock- whip, but when they carno nearer their horses started so that Joe was pitched off ; Tom kept his seat, but ho jolted up and stared at the trotter who passed him as if he never saw him, I had caught and saddled a horse by this time, and was in the act of mounting when ho came up ; I roared out, ' What the devil did you go through the cattle for V ne never answered, but a vivid flash showed me his face as ho turned it towards me ; I never saw such a ghastly sight before, and hope I shall never see such another. It struck me dumb. I sat on the horse and stared as Tom had done. I never believed in ghosts before, and don't think I'm much of a coward, but I'll own I was frightened that time. However,! recovered first, and offl went to where Tom and Joe were still standing. ' What shall we do V said Joe, trembling so that his teeth chattered. ' Do,' said I, ' why muster the cattle again to be sure.' Well, the long and short of it is that wo agreed, to muster tho cattle, and koep together for the remainder of the night, and go and fetch our things from the camp in the morning ; for wo none of us would go back then. The trotter kept on ; we could hear the regular boat of his horse's feet, and every now and then a flash of lightning would show him to us. He was going right across the swamp, but still his horse made as much noise as if he was on a hard road. Wc started as hard as our horses oould go, as soon as we got over it a little, and had made up our minds, as I said before. We had a hard ride, but tho rain gave over soon after we started, and the moon came out again, Wc mustered the cattle, all but five head, in the coarse of the night, and picked up our packs and spare horses next morning. The next night we were far enough away from the Black Swamp, and I have taken care never to go there to camp since." " But, Harry," said I, when he stopped, " who is he, there must be some yarn about him." " Well, you see, I don't rightly know, I have heard two or three different yarns about him, and I don't know which is tho truth : one says he was killed by the blacks, and as his bones have never been found, he will haunt the swamp until they arc. Another yarn goes that it is a stock- rider who got lost, and perished for want of water ; they say he just had strength to crawl to the top of the sandridge, and died in sight of the very thing that would have saved him, but it is two good miles from the ridge to tho Swamp. I don't know how it was, but I have heard plenty speak about it since then, and nobody camps there. And now, I think, it is time to turn in, so good night lads, and don't dream of ghosts. G. E. B. 