-_^_ ? __ ? . ? CO UNCONVICTED ; OK, OLD THOMELEY'S HEIRS. (From, the Lamp.) Chahter II. — Continued. 'Did he succeed in tracing out the evidence in feat celebrated cause he was conducting ?' I con iinued pertinaciously. ' I really don't know ; excuse me — how very warm this room is ! I will ge into the balcony and 0ee if it is possible to get a little air ;' and he turned tn his heel and left me. 1 'So so,' thought I, 'you wanted to fasten your self upon me with the dodge of 'knowing my friends, aid von ? It won't do, my fine fellow ;' and I de termined to give my brother-in-law a hint that his wifs's ' last treasure- trove' would' need watching. But I found no opportunity ; and when I inquired for Mr. de Vos later in the evening, I heard he had gone away, feeling very unwell. Said I to myself, 'He'll be worse when he meets me again.' I little «cked the words then or what they might import. It was a beautiful August night when our party fcroke up; and resisting my sister's wish that I should sleep there, I determined to enjoy a moon light walk home, smoke a cigar, and think over a difficult case I had just then in hand. My nearest ?way into town from Elinor's house was down Swain's Lane and round by the cemetery ; it was a lonely, ghostly kind of walk, not tempting on a dark win \- ter's night ; but with a brilliant harvest-moon over lead, a stout stick, and myself standing six feet with out shoes, I feared neither man nor ghost. The tomb-stones looked white and ghastly enough in the Msht moonlkht, and the trees cast their heavy sha dows across my path, whilst their tops were stirred fey a gentle soughing breeze. I had passed the ceme tery, and was rapidly nearing the end of the lane, which turns into the high-road by the Duke of St. Uban's public-house, of omnibus notoriety, when I fancied I heard the sound of voices pitched high, as if in some angry dispute. I took out my watch : it was just upon twelve o'clock. Drunken revellers, I thought, turned out of the inn. Swain's Lane winds about until you are close upon the road, and then there is a straight piece with fields on either side. I looked ahead as I came to this latter bit, but there ?was no one to be seen, although the voices sounded «loser and closer. I was walking on the turf beside the road, so Lhafc myfootsteps f allingupon thesof tearth ?were inaudible. I passed a gate leading into a field, and then I became aware that the voices were close to me on the other skle of the hedge. Not caring to be seen lest I should get drawn into some drunken row, I stooped my head and shoulders, inconveniently high just then, and wa3 in the act of passing swiftly on when a name arrested me. ' I teli you Hugh Atherton never shall marry that girl!' 'And / tell you he will \ you let every chance slip by you, you poor spiritless fool. He'll marry her,. and come in for the best share, if not the whole, of Gil Tkorueley's money.' There was no mistaking the brogue of my Irish Anglo-French acquaintance oi this evening — my sis ter's 'last treasure- trove, the talented author, the rich man.' But the other voice, whose was it ? It sounded strange at first; then light began to dawn upon me. I knew it — yes, surely I knew it. Ha, by Jove ! Lister Wihnot ! — it must be Lister Wil mot's. , They wore speaking again, quite unconscious of their auditor on the other side of the hedge. 'You are the biggest' fool, and a scoundrel too, coming here, dodging my footsteps, ami following me about just to bring ruin upon me with your con founded interference ; going there too, and meeting the very man you ought to avoid, that lawyer fel low, Kavanagh ; why he'll scent you out in less than ao time.' (Much obliged to you, Mr. Wilmot, thought I, for your involuntary tribute to my shrewd ness : it has been deserved this time at any rate.) 'You must leave London at once, — to-morrow, do you hear t — or I'll whisper a certain affair' about, which may muke this quarter of the world unplea sant to you.' ? -' ? The remark seemed to have been untimely. *' Scoundrel !' shouted the other voice I believed to be Wilinot's,.aud I hoard them close together and struggle. , :??'??? At the same moment I leaped the gate, determined to make; sure of their identity ; but with singular ill-luck I caught my foot against the topmost bar, ?and .fell, with no small force my whole length on the Side; The noise and sight of me disturbed the com batants, and before I could rise or recover myself, * they had separated, and fled in opposite directions ftoro33 the field. Pursuit was a vain thought. I had twisted my ankle in the fall, an«t for a few Biatrieuts the pain was unbearable ; when I could pat ray foot to the ground both fugitives were out of sight. There was nothing left for me but to hobble hack* gain the road, and seize upon the first empty cab returning to London to convey me to niy ^hamhera. I mentioned the adventure to Atherton on the following morning, and say conviction that Lister Wilmot was one of the two men. 'It is impossible,' replied Hugh; 'Lister was with me last evening till evening till eleven o'clock, and then he went home to bed.' ' Did you see him home ?' I asked. ? ' Yes, and went in with him : saw him undressed, and ready to get into bed. He wa3 not well, poor fellow. One of his bad colds seemed to be threaten ing him, and he was very much out of spirits. I am afraid he's exceeding his allowance, and getting into debt. He asked me to lend him £20. for a month.' ' Which of course you didn't do ?' 'Which of course I did, and told him he was heartily welcome to it ; but I wished he'd draw in his expenses, for I was certain if Uncle Gilbert heard of his being in difficulty, there would be no end to pay. I'll get him to make a clean breast of it some day soon to me, and see what I can do to help him and set him right.' So like Hugh, with his generous impulses ever ready to do a kindness. ' Well, but it is very odd. I could have sworn it was Lister in the field ; as for the other fellow, why there is not the smallest shadow of doubt about him. If I hadn't recognised his brogue, why the words of his companion pointed him out as the De Vos of the dinner-party. Do you know such a man, Hugh?' and he gave a graphic description of him. Hugh shook his head. 'Don't know such a bird as that, Jack. Can't think who it can be, nor what they both meant. The 'girl,' indeed ! Did they mean Ada, forsooth ? I'd like to punch their skulls for daring to name her. I say, let's go to Lister's at once and ask him if he knows a man answering to the name De Vos.' We drove to Wilmot's lodgings in the Albany, — he affected aristocratic- bachelor neighbourhoods, — and found him over a' late breakfast, looking very pale and haggard. Hugh attacked him in his straight forward blunt manner. ' What did you go up to Highgate for last night, Lister, when I thought you were going to bed ?' Wilmot's fork fell on the floor and he stooped to pick it up before answering. Then he looked up with an air of the greatest astonishment. 'Go to Highgate last night! I! are you mad Hugh V ' I heard your voice last night in a field close by the Highgate Road, or I never was more mistaken in my life,' I said. He turned his face to me ; there was the most un affected surprise and bewilderment written on it as he stared at me. 'Are you out of your senses too ?' he asked at last with a loud laugh. ' Why, Hugh saw me into bed almost. You must have been wandering, or Mr. Craven's' (my brother-in- law)' wines were too potent for your sober brain.' . - I was completely at a nonplus. 'Do you know that Mr. de Vos is in England ?' I said, resolved to try another ' dodge.' . ' Who is Mr. de V03 ?' was the answer, given in the most unconcerned tone. Hugh broke in : ' Tell him all about it John.' I did so, relating word for word what I had heard, with my eye fixed upon his face. He never flinched once, and there was not the smallest embarrassment in his look or mauner. ?» 'You. were of courso entirely mistaken,' he said ; ' I never left my room last night after ' Hugh went away. Of thi3 Mr. de Vos I know nothing - not even by name.' There was nothing for it but to be satisfied, and yet somehow I was not. I suppose my old dislike of Wilmot got th«i better of me and made me distrusts ful. Then such dear — and such precious interest had been called in question, — were perhaps in danger and I could notjid myself of the great asxiety which oppressed me. - ? The next move, was after De Vos. He had utterly and totally disappeared by the time I had obtained his address from my sister and hunted out tho wretohed doubtful sort of lodgings he had inhabited near Leicester Square. So the affair died a natural death, and I left England for the Continent. Could I but have foreseen what my return would bring forth ! CiJAl'MIt III. THE DA^ AFTER TUB MUIIDEU. - It wa3 all true— dreadfully, awfully true — and no hideous dream. Gilbert Thorneley was .dead — poi- soned, murdered ; and Hugh Atherton was in the hands oi justice, suspected, if net actually accused of the murder. When I came back, sick and giddy, to consciousness, there was old Hardy bending over me with a face blanched almost as white as my own mu.st have boen, and Jones the detective standing by, the deepest coucern written on his contenance. Do y6u know what it ia that ' coming to,' as women express it, after a sudden mental blow has pros trated you and hurled you into the dark oblivion of insensibility ? I daresay you do. You know what the return to life i3; what the realmtion of the stunning evil which has befallen you. But God help you if yoa remember that yoar last word* whea conscious criminated the friend you would willingly die to save. God help you if you know you must be forced into admitting what you had rather cut out your tongue than uttei, and which in your inadvert ence or brainless stupidity you let pass your lips. I say again Heaven help you, for it is one of the bitter est moments of your life. . As the physical indisposition wore off, and the whole situation of affairs became clearer to my scat tered senses, the remembrance of what I had done was maddening. ' 'Oh; blind fool,' I cried, 'not to see, not to know what I was doing ! Jones and Hardy, I call you both to witness most solemnly that I believe as firmly, as entirely in Mr. Atherton's innocence as I do in an eternal life to come. I charge you both that, whatever testimony you may be forced to give, whatever miserable words have been wrung from me — I charge you both, by all you hold most sacred, to give evidence likewise that I believe him innocent.' 'We will, sir,' said the two men gravely. Then a desperate idea seized me, and I motioned Hardy to leave the room. 'Jones,' I said when the clerk was gone, 'you are a poor man, I know, and have many children to provide for. Get me off attending the inquest, and I will write you a cheque on the spot for any sum in reason you like to name.' 'Bless your heart, sir, it ain't in my power. In spector Jackson has been in Wimpole Street investi gating it all ; and I know your name's booked as one of the principle witnesses. . You'll hare your sum mons this1 evening or to-morrow, as safe as I'm here.' ?? ' Where is Mr. Atherton?' I asked. 'Inspector Jackson took him to Marylebone Street, sir. He'll go before the magistrate at two o'clock. They wont get his committal, though, I expect until after the inquest ; there is not sufficient evidence; but we're getting it as fast as we can.' ' Yes,' I said in the bitterness of my heart ; ' and if I had known your errands here, I'd have flung you down the stairs before you should have access to my rooms.' 'You can't be sorrier than lam, Mr. Kavanagh. I believe, like you, that he's an innocent man : but every thing looks against him at present. The housekeeper's evidence is enough to hang him.' ' The housekeeper ! What, Mrs. Haag ?' ' Yes, sir, that's her name, I believe. She's only half English, or married a foreigner, or something of the sort. But I think sh°e must be foreign, for she has a mighty broad accent. ' Yes, indeed, sir ; and if I may make bold to say it, — I don't know what your friendship for Mr. Atherton may lead you to do, — but it's ol no use your not. saying where you saw him last night, for she saw him go in and come out of that shop, and she heard him address you, sir, by natne.' .A light flashed across me. That was the woman \ I had met in Vere street. I didn't know the house keeper by sight, but I had often bean! both Atherton ;and Wilmot speak of her. Wilmot ! — another light. 'Did you know that Mr. Thorneley's other nephew was,wifch him last night ? He met Mr. Atherton in Wimpole Street.' - 'Yes, sir, and left nearly an hour before Mr. Athertoa went away.' ' Still, why is he not suspected as much as tit other V ' He had not been .traced in and out of a chemist's shop ; he had no dispute with his uncle ; he was not heard to make use of ihreatning words. I can't tell you more, sir ; and I. must 'be going. I have done what need be done here. Mr. Kavanah, believe me I am acting only in .my official capacity ; and I'd ra -ther, sir, have been at the bottom of the sea than engaged in this affair. But I mustn't forget the message, sir.' ' What message t' ? 'From Mr. AMierton. He wanted to write or to send for you to come; but they wouldn't let him. You see, sir, we know you arc an important witness against him, and Jackson — he's a sharp one — wouldn't have' him comnuvnicating with you. ' Poor j gentleman ! he . was stunned-liko at first when he was tolsl. ' Then when he saw me, 'Jones,' said he, ' you go to Mr. Kavanah ; tell him what has hap pened. '? Tell him I'm an innocent man, so help me God ! I wouldn't have hurt a gray hair of the old mail's head. But I was angry with hi:a, I confess/ Then we warned him not to say any thing which might criminate himself, so he only bent his head re verently, and sstid again, ' My God, Thou knowest I am innocent.' Then he turned to me suddenly and caught ray arm. ' Tell Mr. Kavanah to go at once to Mrs. Leslie's, and sae that the news doesn't came tod sudenly. Tell him I trust to him.1 Those were, lib' words, sir, two or three times, — ' Tell him I trust to him.' ' ? Oli,J.Iugh! my poor Hugh ! you might trust me then. ;-'- you might have trusted me always. But you.diiln!t: A world of damning doubt and evidence rose up between us, and it seemed to point at me as your worst' enemy, and never more again would you place confidence in me ; never more would the per fect trust of friendship draw us together, and make our interest one. Ay, and that too bad be«n one of the dosparing thoughts which rushed across my mind as the truth of what had happened forced itself upon me. Ada ! What if such news were carried suddenly, inconsider ately to her ears ? What if such an awful, unlooked for blow fell, crushing the bright hopes and darken ing the radiant happiness of her young life ? I tell all this in a bewildered way now ; I was far more bewildered then. I was mad. There was the re memberance of the last evening, — my interview with. Thornely, the strange secret still ringing in my ears, the chance meeting with Hugh, and what was to come of it; and the present tidings, — the old man dead, Hugh arrested and accused of murdering him ; and I in my blindness had helped to corroborate the worst testimony against him. All this was rushing through my brain ; and then, above all, the thought of Ada Leslie — and the last thought roused me to ac tion. ' Go back, Jones, to Mr. Atherton ; tell him I am going off immediately to Mrs. Leslie's, and that he may trust to me in that. And stay,' has he got legal assistance ?' 'No. sir; I fancy he thought you'd see to all that. He didn't seem to think how it might be with your having to give evidence.' ' You'd better go to Smith and Walker's, and see one of the paitners. They watch proceedings for ' for him to-day.' ' They can't, sir ; they are to watch on the part of the Crown.' 'On the part of the Crown ! — whose management is that ?' ? ' * 'I believe they offered and wished it. They feel bound to discover the murderer of their late client ; they couldn't act for the man accused of murderinghim. ' 'True— too true. I'll send Hardy to Mr, Merrivale ; he is a great friend of his — I can trust him. Tell Mr. Atherton what I say, and what has ? been done.' - ' Very good, sir ;' and Jones withdrew. It took me less than an hour to reach Hyde-Park Gardens, where Mrs. Leslie and my ward dwelt ? and on the road I resolved as well as I could how t» break the sews. Pray Heaven only to give her strength to bear it ! I was shown into the dining room,' for I had asked to see Miss Leslie alone. There were the sounds of music upstairs, and I heard Ada's clear thrilling voice singing one of the beautiful German songs I knew, and that he loved s« well, presently her light step was on the threshold, and she burst gaily into the room. ' Oh, Hugh, how late you are 1' and then she stopped suddenly, seeing it was I — only I. But she came forward in a moment with a kind eager wel come, a welcome back to England, laughing and ' blushing at her mistake. ' I heard the street-door open, and ran down at once; for Hugh said he would come early to take me out this morning, and I thought it was he. Oh, but I am so glad to see you, dear Mr. Kavanagh. But how dreadfully ill you are looking — what is the matter ?' Perhaps she saw my own misery, and the unutter able pity and tenderness for her, which filled my heart, written in my face ; but a change passed over her countenance. ' What is the matter ?' she repeated in a breath less sort of manner. ' Hugh sends his love,' I said; hardly knowing, indeed, what words were passing my lips, or that I was really ' breaking it' to her;— 'his dear love ; he is quite well, but something prevents him from coming to you to-day.' 'To-day!' She repeated the same word after me, still in a breathless way ; and her large eyes were fixed on me as in mute agonised appeal against what was coming. 'Something very importaut — very painful — has happened to detain him. Mr. Thorneley died very suddenly hist night. ' ' I stopped, and turned away. Heaven help me I I could not go on, with those eyes upon me. Thert was one deep-drawu sigh of relief. ' Is that aM /' Was it not hotter to tell the truth to her at once ? After all, he was innocent I acknowledged that with all the loyalty of my soul — sa would she ; and that thought would bear her up. Yes, it would be best to tell her. I took her hand, and led her to a chair. ' Ada, it is not all, can you bear the rest ?' Her white trembling lips moved as if assenting, but I could not hear the words. ' Thorneley died very suddenly — was found dead. It is thought he has been poisoned. I don't know the particulars — I have only just heard of it. Hugh was with him last night ; it ia necessary he should be examined to-day by a magistrate.' Again I paused, praying that the truth might dawn upon her — that I might not have to stab her with the terriblo revelation ; but — dreading, fearing, as I could see she was — no shadow of the reality ssemed to cross her mind. ' Where ia Hugh now V at last she asked with startling suddenness. ' Oh, Ada, my poor child, try to bear it. Hugfc ia as innocent a3 you are of this fearful crime; but he has beea arrested.' ( 1o bt contmvtd.) 