Our Portfolio. CALM. ETHEL LYNN. "AND you have seen our friend you say, And she was calm, shed not a tear, But spoke in her old, quiet way, The common words of homely cheer; Hade no complaint, nor pity asked From yon, or I, or mortal friend; Nor sympathy for sorrow passed, Nor help to bear it to the end. " And seeing this yon rashly say, She has no heart to suffer woe, Because the challenge of a sigh Is wanting. " Is it so r " Do weaker spirits suffer more, Lamenting loudly fate's decree, Tojpatient ear recounting o'er Unburied griefs and griefs to be ?" Nay—through the careless spray of tears \ ' They gather rainbows in the light Of shattered sunshine—'Us their war Of meeting woe. Perchance 'tis right, The ruddy rose exhales the win And laughs again. The phantom flower That under glass lifts up its soul, Has nought to fear from sun and shower, Since time and woeful alchemy _Have worked their will and so evoked, With all its greenness tortured out, A beautiful but palid ghost. The proud heart asks no pity for its pain, Save from its God. Its idols fall, And all alone it gathers up the wreck And buries it at midnight—gives no call. Lest idle hands should even now Find out the weakness of the clay; And handle what its love Had sanctified. Henceforth alway The silent stars, the patient sky, The sombre forest, whatsoe'er Gives it the meed of silent pity, May see the proud hearts bitter tear, And tell how it must suffer most, Wrestling with hidden grief alone, Till He who gives the weary rest Shall give the peace he gives his own v And so our friend is calm, yon say, Nor needs our pity ?—Yes, ah yes! Pity her tenderly, though you speak To her no word of tenderness. Knnmwa.—There is a power of kindness which is next to omnipotent. Passionatb.—No heart is pure that is not passionate; no virtue is safe that is not enthu siastic. Cohtbitt. —A man whose soul lives in the thoughts of wealth can never become possessed of that inestimable jewel—content. Contact with thb Wobid.—He who has much converse with the world, and is constantly coming in contact with the dark side of nature s sad leaf, is in great danger of becoming sullen, suspicious, and even irritable and unyielding. Divtn* Qri∈ op Physical Truths.— Truths physical have an origin as divine as truths religious. In the time of Gallileo they triumphed over the casuistry and secular power of the Church; and in our own day the incontrovertible truths of primeval life have won as noble a victory over the errors of a speculative theology, and false intepretation of the Word of God. Science ever has been, and ever must be the safeguard of roligon. The grandeur of her truths may transend our failing reason, but thoae who cherish and lean upon truths equally grand, but certainly more incomprehensible, ought to see in the marvels of the material world the best defence as well as the best illustration of the misteries of their faith. Many a marriage has commenced, like the morning red, and perished like a mushroom. Wherefore ? Because the married pair neglected to be as agreeable to each other after their union as they were before it. Seek always to please each other, my children, but in doing so keep heaven in mind. Lavish not your love to day, remembering the marriage has a morrow, and again a morrow. Bethink ye, my daughters, what the word housewife expresses. The married woman is her husband's domestic trust. On her he ought to be able to place his reliance in house and family ; to her he should confide the key of his heart, and the lock of his store-room. His honor and his home are under her protection, and his welfare is in her hands. Ponder this! And you, my sons, be true men of honor, and good fathers of your families. Act in such wise that your wives respect and love you. And what more shall I say to you my children ? Peruse diligently the Word of God, that will guide you out of storm and dead calm, and bring you safe into port. And as for the rest —do your best.— JSrederika Bremer. A Mother's Lots.—The work to which we refer is that which every mother, rich or poor, whatever the advantages or disadvantages of the circumstances may be, is required by the most sacred and rigid obligations to achieve— the assiduous cultivation in her children of the inner nature, or that which makes the good man or woman, that which shall live for ever. For this she must be always at her post, with never so much as a recess from her maternal cares and solicitude, toiling on, breaking up ground, sowing the seed, training the tender plant, enriching the soil, watering, nourishing, stimula ting every good and pleasant growth, until the flowers begin to bloom and the fruit to ripen. Then comes a hey day of enjoyment, of rest and comfort to the mother in the golden autumn of her life, whea surounded by a group of affec tion, dutiful, virtuous and noble sons and daugh ters, she sits among them in dutiful repose, her face radiant in the glow of her own heart's ever burning love, and the smile of heaven as an halo of light above her head, a spectacle to be ad mired and envied of all. But this" season of comfort, this " Indian summer," never, never comes to those who evade their responsibilities, forsake their trust, and leave their work tor others to do, for the sake of personal ease, sensuous indulgence, or selfish gratifications.— The Hew Yorker. Mb. Bbbchbk related the following incident m one of his sermons: —Not long ago a gentle man who was engaged in the oil business had made some twelve or fifteen thousand dollars, and he concluded that he had made enough— extraordinary as it seems!—and that he would wind up his affairs and come home. I do not believe one of you would have done it! Fifteen thousand dollars ? Why, that is just enough to bait the trap of mammon! Well he wound up his affairs, and was on the point of leaving, when he was met by a young man of his acquaintance (I believe they both resided in New York), who had invested six thousand dollars, all he had, in an experimental well, and been boring and boring until he had given out in discouragement. And, coming to this man, he said ' I shall lose six thousand dollars if I am obliged to give up my interest in that well,' and begged him to take it off his hands. ' I am selling out, and not taking on,' says the man. But the young man pleaded with him, and ont of personal kindness he said, ' Very well I will take it.' In two days they struck a. vein in this well, and it was an immensely fruitful well; and he sold his share for two hundred thousand dollars. The young man was present when the check was drawn on New York for the amount, and he felt like death, and mourned and said, 'It is always my luck ; I am always a little to late.' And the man said, ' You may take ten thousand of it, if you want.' The young man thought he was jesting; but he assured him that he was not, and said, ' I will moke it twenty thousand, if it will do you any good.' ' Or,' said he, ' I will make it fifty thousand.' ' Well,' said he, ' take the whole of it; Ido not want it. Give me the six thousand, and you may have the , advantage of the good luck.' And so he gave the young man the two hundred thousand. All of you that would have done that may rise I ap!" 