tHE1OVE«J6T BOUSSET'S GHOST. AN UNPUBLISHED BOMMIOB. .. ENNRAIRR HOB AUGUST.^ 1 , Z<LOTJDOK ****** AUGUST.) (f%OIF . « <_ O mtktA TUT RIIIIFFNA JT"Ud» at ghosts," said xa. waigoe, "i0U S you laugh the loader because frt laugh »U- ^ «°°f f«end«, I wasj 'd0OiL !5u, inoredulou8,w»d soepisoai r but which happened to toe m my «»'" r.de bo strong an lrtpresafon on my *U? that » PainB me 0\. ilsenouB a subjeot lightly" :, . UrOuieoe wae at unwilUpr to enter! I. .'J, further eiplanatiom but after a<>on ! i»]0#?fe Mjount of entreaty/ hei edified naj 1 ^fZMowmg narrative :- ? ? ? ,= ; i year 1780 j I was; thepl ' , Teare of age, and a toleraWy ^ood-look ^ Indff feUoff, although ,th6i*<J arts., but £,Ci» * k »?r-; Z*head>a *?**[, » and shrunken cheeV*. I had a-fresh! f' . miick eye, a 4tnaU waist, andanad Ha lee As yon may etill peroeive. Ib, ®"J t J£' a handsome lad,- Hot in the least Mouetomed to fell in with the style of ^ ' 0f the people that happened to fall ih ®,w»T I l^ftodiome Sea enoio uj 2 u I could' "with plnlwph#if. i Indeed, J i luTeoDOTal favourite;. and, my combined !«(mhob. of . actor and author :»ra*Ji passpoA f!rt to £ood and to Bald'society;- J :; 1 ?>;;' t 7l Jfawlling *>? ' Writliiiiw«ncml«)nipany Mwhi^IIW It WftS tho plose ;<^utUmnj $he' ?3^'r col4 and Spggyr ^joompanionin fouxjb ws» a certain Bsrou do, Oueftiay, 2fo had come this way ,on business matters, U wit returning to sleep at Jain own oh&tieaat; Joe by. - He was agreat' talker, agreat S'oner, and a great, amateur of verses fend' LoDcee. My conversation pleased him ji ? he was no sooner informed of my profes-1 I «on than he expressed a wish not to part with! Be immediately. He was one of those dilet- j Intinho hare always in their pocket some j little dramatic attempt or other, which they; I Wje you will pronounce to be admirable.' gty will then make you a present of it, in ; j order to see it performed without having to i gniooee their purse-strings. I wait not to be j I aught so easily ; but I aoceptedhia offer to j I ms the night at his house. It promised a ! ) tetter topper than I should find at the inn irhere the diligence stopped, and where I jbsuld be compelled to remain twelve or "teen hours before I oould start again. . "We therefore drew up-at "the end of the I tttnue which led from the high- road to the A couple of servants in half-livery I vtn waiting to carry monsieur's portfolio and lose. Key took ray trunk, and ire walked [tennis what really looked a handsome old I tiuMng when gilded by the rays of the setting ? "'Parileul' said the Baron, as we pro joeded up the avenue, .'the Baronpe wul be I eoociderablj astonished to see me arrive in |«Bp«y with a stranger.' h l , "'And perhaps even more annoyodthaa praed,' 1 added, * when sbe knows Ihat the IitriDger is a comedian.* 1 " K»/ he answered; ' my wife is not j Ijodiced. She is a person or talent, asyou ?Kt She is a true Parisienne-a little top ?Mokioi for sbe cannot^bear the country, ftb« ll-oflk been here three dayvaod »ho 4a* Imtn I waot to bury her alive. iBhe wiQ %hted to have an agreeable guest to stmpeK fl if yon are not too fatigued to give^sk 4W -Stations afterwards, orto ^ mj . 11 have no doubt yod will xead it, . Ty, I am certain ?' ."W1 ahould hare topi; my soot, IjidW inth the best grace possible, land "«aied the Baron to read and . mite what 1 he chose to ask me to, . ' . i : ^ou are an obH^rig fellow,' he ex 1; 'sad lam already M pleaeed ,Wtfi at I am contriving bi»w to^M»l and Iceep j iUDd'forty hours.' 0&r; woM 1,8 .*i£ ^te^pted- 'Toa wUl find la^K^6 ^ ^1 * MMT.OWiW aad see whether the plaoeis a inaiii * P»geon-house ; I liad >i(M *reatest J to perinade her to; sipehd^a mSoS '-fef it wa! take ^noa& to fnew«w.t«* -4-fttukted !f^3iSSSR'«^ , Kondta'.-' ha »sw so1 * 1 ? [pZSgmil to understand that she was not offended at my i opinion, bat that she only considered meifi the light of an artist-at least not till the olose of the supper. " There then toot place between her and her huBband one of those domestic alterca tions which would never have occurred in the presence of a stranger of higher rank than myself; but which convinced me< in spite of. my vatiity, that I was looked apon as a person of. no consequence. Bo I resolved to make myself & little more important, at least in the eyes of the Barirane. I was simple enough to believe that a flirtation with a woman of quality could possibly change the state of the ques tion. However, I took little intereit in the subjeot of their quarrel.' Only, I ought to direct your attention to one particular, whioh is the turning-pbint of iny narrative. "The discussion between the husband and wife wap about two stewards, one of whom had died bfefore madam's arrival, while the other, who. was to take the place of the defunct, seemed in no hurry to present himself. As ^pdame was already, tired of the country, and wished she could leave monsieur there by himself, she declated that the late steward, Monsieur Bonnet,! had been a fool to die just. at the time when the fashionable world repairs to Parii. . 8he declated the. new steward, It. Buisson, to be*nbthe? fool, to keep thebi itrait* ing $ and the gave M. le Baron to understand that she thought him fool the third, for having hurried hitoself,,and hurried her, to'meets man of business whose duty it was to wait, instead <ff keeping them waiting. "' In the first place, my dear,' the Baron said, in excuse, 'poor Bousset put off dying as long : as he could. He was eighty- twp. He main tained my affaire and my house in admirable ord^r during the thirty or forty years he managed the property, ffe was a valuable kian, and I canpothelptegretting him. Tou see how well he has kept up the house, and in What excellent condition every thing is left.* That makes no difference to me; I did not know him, and cannot share your regret. Moreover, Baron, you exaggerate the state of the case. Mymaid, who has talked with the servants here, tells me the old man was a per fect miser, and had been childish, too, for some ; time pett/ "' His faculties might be a little affected by age, but. there is no evidence of it in my affairs. As to his economical habits, I do not see how I cap fibmplain of them, since they all turned1 out to my advantage.' "' We will -say no more about Bousset; he iB dead: but I will bear of no excase for your Buisson, who is alive. I know no more of one than I do of the other j but I am very angry with Aim for his impertinence in not being hfre. Nobody but yourself would engage with people who seem as if they wanted yoa to go down on your knees and b«£ them to come and live with yoa. A pretty sort of steward, to keep you shillyshallying hen, unable to begin anything, and consequently to finish anything! In short, my dew, I tell yoa plainly that if yonr Buisson is not here to-morrow, I shall take myself off and leave you to remain or to follow, as yoa please.* - "'Hare a little patience, my darling, or you will drive me mad! Buisson will be here to-morrow ntorning, perhaps this very evening. Good heavens! A man of business is not a footman; and, till he has entered upon his' functions, I have no tight to order him about.' "'You ought to have told him other to accept the sitataon or dedine it.* ; ." *1 took care to do nothing of the kind. He is modi too highly recommended for that. Why, he is as valuable in his way as poor Bousset was.' "'If he is not, like him,insane ; for 1 begin to believe yoa have made a TOW 'to choose jour stewards oat of a lunatic asylum.* " The Baron shrugged his shoulders im patiently, and as he rose from table aud to a servant,' Pierre, tell the potter of the lodge net to go bed till midnight. M. Buisson travels on horseback, and may perhaps arrive late.' " . I will attend to ft Monsieurle Baton, Pierre replied. * The late Monsieur Bousset's suite of rooms ? is ready prepared to noeive M. Buisson.' "Thereupon we went to the saloon, and Buisson and Bousset were alike forgotten. Madame wasao good as to remember that I was present, and reqaested m». to reoifae some versa. Iofpsred to readthe Baron'sdraoutio essay, bat Madame said she had heard it half* a-doien times, and that Bhe preferred UpDW* tiling from Oorneille or Baoine. To punish her for these little airs 1 obstinately jidedwith the Baron. We were ,obliged to ooqw to a compromise.; It wss agreed that I should read the Baron's choioest passage*' -and choioe tbfey were! After which Iwa» free to select for myeelf. "I bad remarked that theBnon was extremely fatigued, and thfct it trai;«. nnhai the affection hto bore hii owm tort oouild do to keep him awake to 4he and at fo. Iaoooeedftd insnaking him sod by reciting in a monotonous time the heavy tirades bt oijr oldet au&ors;, Madame was jgapfng t the thought ou oold. My node of delivery, and my ohoiee of na-gns.made her respect me «o bs neither* good Mtor not aman of teate.'Sbtthan look* and by the inspiration which they com municated. "' For instance,' I said, 'in a lore scene,. you'tnay bare to etpress the sentiment which1 the lady who is acting with you really inspires Such occasions often occur j and I am certain there are scenes in which I should be sublime, if I only had before my eye* an object equally attractive with the imaginary being who is the object of my dramatic address.' "' I should muoh like to see and hear you/ she said, scarcely daring to express the wish, ' in one of those moments of inspiration.' "'It only depends upon yourself, madame.' . "' How so P she asked, with artistioal innocence. "'It will be neoessaiy for you to lend your self for a moment to a theatrical hypothesis. Thus: I am Vfll&re.; in .love with Celiaathe. I complain of her cruelty in a monologue. Deign to pay attention, and I will make an attempt I shall probably ha ft little cold and awkward at first} btot you will hare the goodnesi to rise and stand behind me, as if you were dis covering tiie aecfrel; of my passibn. I shall ,ee you in the glass, and four looks will encourage toe. In my part, however, I am iupposed »o/ to see you, pud I shall hare eo tittle hope that I shall draw ifly sword to kill myself. You will snatch |t from me, with the words " Hove you!"' "1 Beally, shall I hare to say that P' "' Yes, madame, and it is not difficult to re member. But you tbust be to good as to say it with sufficient earnestness to produce upon me a oertain amount of illusion. Then I shall throw myself at your feet and express my gratitude. I am sure I shall .find the most passionate expressions, fend that my acting will approach so near to nature that you youwelf wtil be deceived fay it.' **'BeaHy! I amctirfousto witness that; and I will try and' perform my part in the dialogue. Let us begin at once; I am stand ing behind you and looking at you.* "' Oh I madame, not in that cold way! You must aot more earnestly ; you must throw a little warmth into your pantomime!' " * But fiofc till after you have spoken. I cannot know that you are in love with me until you hare told me so.' "4 O Julia 1* I exclaimed-I had heard the Baron call her by that name, which wag hers in reality. And thereupon I spouted a long rigmarole for several minutes. At last I pre tended to stab myself, and my princesB hindered me with the cry 'I love you!' pro nounced with a great deal more fire than I expected. I complained, nevertheless, of the coldness of her tone, and made her begin again several times-when I perceived that the in terest of our little drama had prevented our observing that we were no longer alone! " With a sudden effort I immediately as sumed a calm and indifferent expression of countenance. The Baronne. turning round to asootain the cause, ottered a scream of terror at the sight. We were thunderstruck on ob serving that the intruder was neither her husband, nor her duenna, nor any other person belonging to the house hy whoa we might expect to be interrupted, but a perfect strange to the lady as well as to myself. " It was a little old man, very yellow and shrunken, neat in bis appearance though rather threadbare. He wore an olive-green coat and waistcoat edged with tarnished silver speokjed a too king's, a very old-fashioned peruke,spectaoles, and a tell ebony walking sfcck with a top representing a negro's head surmounted by a large cornelian earvedj into the shape of a turban. An ugly car dog stood between his legs-fbrhe had already sat down in the chimney corner-and he ap peared so busied in warming himself as to have paid no attention to the private theatri cals which be must have witnessed. " The Baronne recovered herself sooner thati I did, and, addressing htm with a mixture of embarrassment and hauteur, asked him who he was and what he wanted. But he seemed as if he did not hear her. He was either deaf or pretended to be so, and began talking to himself as if going on with a conversation already commenced. "' Yes, yes,' he said, in a short, dry, and feeble voice; ' it is cold, oold, very cold, to* night.' (The hands of the clock pointed to twelve.) 'It will freeze; it freezes now; I am frozen myself, The ground is so hard I could scarcely stir it; and the moon is bright, veiy bright, too bright.' \- " * What have we here P' said the Baronne, turning to me in astonishment. * A deaf per son or a madman P How did he contrive to pater P' "I was as muoh surprised as she.was. I questioned the little old man in turn, but he made no more reply to me tbfui to her. If vou want to know about M, le Baron's .firing he went on,' they are in order, in good order, in first-rate order. M. le Baton will be satisfied. The only thing which tan possibly give trouble is the lawsuit with the prior of Sc. Bcnediofti bpt in my hands iiis nothing, a mere nothing, nothing ei aU.' "'Ah, I have itl'said the Baronne. 'it is the neir steward, M. Bui«son. He has arrived at last, *hkn is fortunate; but he is as deaf as a poet. irnVhedsafP' ."Monsieur/ I siud, raising my Yoioe, 'don't you hear that Itadairie ^lBaronne asks 'lie will bea pleasant addition to our family <*role. How stoptd of the Baron to mgq. .Mb acwaturel* * * I must atiknowlidie,* I wtatfjfl, «that thk seems a ^tr^Wa.*) Sat* oldi Isnppon ay hnthaad fltaefadths j <aa too yoonJ. ®ie«_are H* lisai into his bid, *nd whi& wo^d oSur to i Balroime Aouted . ... .. "tSggL; life ...? ? - ? ?! * Ji i&Mau; . cable dog (on whose tail I tried to tread) showed his teeth with a threatening grin. ."'The lawsuit,' said the steward,'is cer tainly involved, really involved, very involved. No one but myself understands its bearings; I defy any one else to finish it. The prior declares that-' "Here he began to talk with astonishing volubility and with a degree of animation that was altogether strange. Do not expect me to report the drift of his discourse; for none but the devil himself, or an old special pleader, could understand a syllable of it. It was Hebrew to me, and still more so to the lady. Moreover, as he went on talking, I experi enced a very singular phenomenon-and so did she, as she told me afterwards. What he said reached our ears, but did not leave the least trace oh our fchemory. It would have been impossible for either of us to repeat a single phrase he uttered, nor could we make the least sense of it. We remarked that Bven he himself did not appear to hear and under stand what he was saying. He talked as if addressing empty space, and it seemed to us that hie sometimes passed from one subject to another without rhyme or reason, and that sometimes he repeated the same thing over, and over, and, over again. " But we had really no actual cognizance of his words. The sound of his voice lulled our ears, but did not satisfy or fill them. The apartment seemed muffled and soundless, as if we werfr dose shut up in a box. His face and appearance had greatly changed, and continued to change as, he went on talking. He seemed every' minute to grow older and older. I do not know what people look like when they are two hundred years old -although we are told on medical authority that it is possible to live two hundred years ;* ' but it is certain that at first he appeared to be a hundred, and that afterwards his age seemed double and triple. His skin stuck close to his bones. His eyes, which for an instant were brilliant and inflamed, as it were, by the ex-.i citement and cljicaneiy, became haggard, un steady, and afterwards glassy, dull, and fixed, till they were finally extinguished in their orbits. His voice also sounded gradually weaker and weaker, and his features contracted. His coat hung loose and flabby about him, and then stuck, as if it were wet, about his lean and hectic limbs. His linen, which at first was white, little by little assumed an earthy hue, and we fancied that his person exhaled a mouldy smell. His dog stood up and began to howl, in answer to the wind which was roaring out of doors. The wax- lights in the chan deliers went out one by one without our paying any attention to them, until the very last, dying away, left us completely in the dark. The Baronne gave a scream and rang the bell. No one came to answer it; bat I succeeded in finding an ^nburot candle in another chan " - - - - ^en The strange with as little effected i / »V imed the Baroiftl^ffijEjfflirt the matter with me/HwATfiGvJj J^Tj>e|^'Viear having a nervous attaclcTj! .ueWtnew anything more vexatious than that little spectre there-for he was absolutely like a spectre, was he not? Can you conceive my husband's taking such an unearthly mummy P Deaf, a hundred yean old, and insane-for he it insane into the bargain! What was the purport o! aU Jua .muttsring? I could under stand Bottling ; I could not catch a single word. It sounded exactly like an old worn-out rattle. He made me laugh at first j but I soon got tired of him, then angry, then alarmed, ana that to suoh a degree that I was choked and oppressed. I felt an incli nation to yawn, to cough, to weep, and to scream-I believe that I did scream a little at last. I am so dreadfully afraid of lunatics and idiots! I would not for the world have that man remain here four-and-twenty hoars longer; I am sure I should soon go mad myself." "'The Baron must have been deceived about his age and capabilities,' I answered. ' He is certainly in his second childhood.' *' He will deny the fact.. He will make him out to be young and agreeable; but he shall discbarge him at once, or else I will leave. Good heavens!' she exclaimed ab ruptly, ' do you know what o'clock it is ?' "I looked at the timepiece. It was three in the morning. I oould not believe my eyes. I looked at my watch, and it was three in the morning. * Can it be poesible,' I Baid, ' that this old fellow has been talking gibberish to us for three whole hoars ?' ' "We kept silence for an instant, quite unable to explain to each other how we had borne that tiresome chattering for three whole hours without the power of escaping from it, and without being a wars of the lapse of time. Suddenly theBaronne began to be cross with me. ' I cannot oonoeive,' she said,' why you did not interrupt him-why yon Aid not find some means, no matter whether polite or not, of delivering me from audi a state of torture. It was your place to do it,* ~ ."It seems to me, madame,' I answered, quietly, " that I had no right to give orders in your nouae, at least not without your oom missioning me to do so.' "'I have a great idea that I was-fast asleep, and In all piplptbilitjy so were TOO.' t wisuw ypu l was not, for my suSsringi wen homble/ . ".Andnjine also,' she replied) 'I was temfisc) *j»4 peraly*d. I have toid you I am afraid ofidiob and lunauoa. Butveteyou frfghfaadaswell aamyaelft' have * beadaobe tof motto*. So ptatt look SaJIwut tbebouse-^ln ^e tdtohen, pantry/ I or anywhere else-to eee if thereiiBtill an* i ? feitf Hhad not tb# slightest acquaint*** iritfc the hboose.I left therofcm, ho*revw,« ^ " ' About k fiusMdwl^i They must settle the matter between themj it is nothing to me.' "At last, poshing open an unfastened door, I found myself' in a spacious kitchen dimly lighted by an old oil lamp. There again £ found the little old man dozing on a straw bottomed chair by the aide of a half-extin guished fire. His dog snarled at me. The poor wretch seemed passing so miserable a night, that I could not help pitying him. I went to wake him up, but he Wan to mutter * It is cold, very oold, very coll indeed.' It was impossible to make him understand a word, and equally impossible to find a living soul to apeak to. I lighted a candle, ana rambled through the house from top to bottom. Not a man-servant nor a maid was there; none of them slept in that part of the building. I returned to the saloon, to rejoin madame; but she, out of patience, had gone to bed and taken the oandle away with her. The wretched light which I had "went out, and how whb I then .to find my chamber ? I gare up all thoughts of doing tot I threw large logs on the fire, drew a sofa in front of it, wrapped myself in a table-cloth, and soon fell fast asleep.' " Servants, however soon they go to bed- at night, do not rise a minute earlier in the morning. After "daybreak I had plenty of time to find my chamber, which I knew by my trunk being placed at the door. I tumbled the bed as if I had slept in it. No one was aware of my bivouac in the saloon. When the bell summoned me to breakfast, I found thi Baron and his wife at open war. He was re joicing at M. Buisson'a arrival, and hod ordered a servant to request him to come *""* be presented. At this the. lady was furious, declaring she would turn him out if he entered her presence. " . Wbat can be the matter with you, my dear?' exclaimed the Baron, losing patience# 'How can you talk such nonsense as to say that M. Buiseon is a hundred years old, idiotic, and deaf F You have not even seen him yet.* "' I have only seen too much of him ; all the while from midnight to three o'clock this morning.' " * You must have dreamt. He has hardly been here a couple of hours.' "' I tell you he arrived at midnight. Ask Pierre; he must have let him in.' "' But when I tell you tbat I brought him to the house myself at nine o'clock this morn ing, and that I went more than a league to meet him, wbat will you say to that ?' "' That you are dreaming.' u ' No; 'tis you.' ^ "4 Where is Pierre, to give us an explana tion ? And you, Monsieur Bosidor, why don't you speak ?' "I was bewildered, and had only a confused recollection of the events of the previooB night. I could not, and I dared not, remem ber anything, or explain anything. The door opened, and M. Buisson appeared. He was forty years of age, at the very most, stout, with a fresh colour, dressed in black, with a quick eye and an open countenance. The* Baron presented him to his wife. He was no more deaf than you or I. He expressed him self well, answered to the purpose, said nothing about law matters, and assured madame that he slept at St. Meinen, starting thence at five in the morning in Order that he might arrive by nine. " This explanation answered very little pur pose, for there was no confounding this steward with the one who came in during the night. The Baronne interrogated Pierre. Pierre had seen nobody arrive. He had waited at the end of the avenue till midnight for II. Buisson, who did not come; he then went to bed. Nona of the servants saw any one enter. They all slept perfectly well. Madam e's maid waited for her in her room, to which she returned soon after three in the morning. . . "' Three in the morning!' shouted the Baron, darting a terrible look at rue. ' Really, it was a singular fancy to ait up till so late an hour as tbat! But you see that my steward, who you say favoured you with his company, is not quite so old as you suppose him to be.' " The Baronne fell into a violent passion. 'But speak, monsieur,' she said, addressing me. ' I am taken for a romancing visionary, y and you sit there without saying a word!' ". My ideas at last began to clear a little, and I said,4 Monsieur le .Baron, I assure you upon my honour, that ait midaight, just as I was about to take leave of Madame, then came into the saloon a little man, who cannot be lees than eighty years of age, and who amused himself talking at random until exactly three in the morning. We could not get him to answer a word, to suoh a degree is he ab sent and deaf.' " The Baron was struck with the accent of truth with which I gave this explanation. ' What sort of person was this little man P' he asked. "* He was thin, and not so tall as £ vm. He had a sharp nose, alarge wart under Jus thin lips; pale and haggard eyes, and adij and hollow voice.' . " '* * - M * How was he dressed P* "' Olive-green coat, waistcoat, and biMbhittjt blue and white speckled stockings. He tptdior ebony walking-stick, oarvedat the topwith a negro's head, with a cornelian turbacu He was accompaniedby an ugly teraiev.wfeidkwa* black all over, apd veiy snappish.' .7 .> j. "4 Perfectly oorrect,' eaid. th» .Barono*. 'Monsieur forgets to, fgdL : *« .m. ita* tortoisesheu spectacles., Moj^iwr-hs M « ? "'Alas, poor man!' said Pierre,' he was ouried more than a week before madame's j arrival. I closed hiB eyes myself; and, if madame wishes to see his dog, his old black terrier, who goes every night and scratches at Jiia grave-' u' Never, never !* screamed the lady. 'Quick! Pact up my things, and order post homes. I will not pass another night in the bouse!' " Whether she really was terrified, or availed herself of the pretext to get away, she insisted so effectually that in a couple of hours she and the Baron were on their way to Paris, Jeaving the new steward to settle matters with the old one as well as he oould. The lady bade me a cold adieu ; the Baron tried to be more amiable, and had me driven to the nearest town ; but I oould not share in the regret which he expressed at our abrupt de parture from the Chateau de G-uernay." 