GAWLEB. ?From our own Correspondent] Gawler. December 28. On Sunday last (22nd) sermons were preached in St George's Church, on behalf of St. George's Jhurch Sunday-Bchool— in the morning by the Jev. Canen Fair, and in the evening by the Rev. J. Jasper Smyth, of Kapunda. xne attendance was pretty good, though on neither occasion was the church filled. Collections were made on be half of the Bchool funds. A tea meeting was held on the Monday following in St. George's new schoolroom, and was tolerably well attended. After the room had been cleared a public meeting was held, the Ilev. Canon Coombs occupying the chair. After the Chairman s opening speech the report of the school was read by the Secretary (Mr. W. Mansom). The Superintendent (Mr. T. O. Jones) then moved that the report be adopted. This was seconded by Air. E. Dixon, and carried. The Rev. Canon Russell delivered his interesting lecture on 'Ghost Stories,' in two ports. The choir of St. George's Church sang several pieces very effectively during the evening, and a recitation ('Spanish Champion'') was given by Mr. Fred. Harris in excellent style. Altogether all present (and the room, which is a very large one, was nearly filled) appeared to enjoy the entertainment provided for them. Votes of thanks to the lecturer, to the ladies, to the choir, to Mr. L. S. Burton for the use of the schoolroom, and to the Chairman were cordially passed before the meeting terminated, which was not till nearly 11 o'clock. The proceeds of the various services amounted to upwards of £25. On Friday last (20th) the examination of the pupils of Miss Finch's school was held, and was decidedly satisfactory. The Gawler Presbyterian Young Men's Christian Association held their last meeting for 1867 on Tuesday (17th); the Rev. J. Gordon (President) in the chair. The attendance was good. The report of the Society was read; also, those of its Roseworthy and Smithfield Branches, all of which showed continued success. This must be owing to a great extent to the energy and zeal of the President. Gawler had another escape from a calamitous fire on Saturday last (21st). As the person who usually attends to the lamps in Mr. J. Harris's store was bringing a number of them into the shop from the lamproom, by some accident he fell, and the kerosine was soon flowing about the floor on fire. The men in the shop with great presence of mind instantly procured a number of blankets, with which they smothered the flames, and so prevented the destruction of thousands of pounds worth of property. A serious accident occurred on Sunday (22nd) to Mr. George Goode as he was returning to Gawler from Lyndoch on horseback. He was thrown from his horse upon his head, and was taken up insensible. His life was at first despaired of, but now he appears to be recovering. Christmas passed off quietly, the town present ing a Sunday-like appearance, and three or four of the place3 of woiship being open for divine service. A number of the inhabitants went to the sea-beach and other places holiday-making. The weather was cool and pleasant. To-day (Boxing-day) is being celebrated by races and other sports at the Mill Inn, Gawler South. A large number of persons are present. 