SUMMER DRINKS. (From the Queenslander.J Earlier than usual, the hot weather has fairly set in, and cooling drinks are in great request Many of your readers know how to make simple beverages at a cheap rate which are most grateful to the thirsty and tired worker, and I trust that they will not keep the knowledge of how they are made to themselves, but send them in for publication that all may profit by the common stock. It were useless to say a word in favor of tea. We all know its value. What we in Australia would do without tea, I am totally at a loss to conceive. But good as tea is, we sometimes want a change—something brisk, sharp, and cool. Amongst the best bush drinks of my acquaintance comes hop beer, as made after the following manner :— To six gallons of water put four ounces of hops tied in loose canvas, mosquito curtain, net, or muslin; boil the hops for an hour, or until the bag containing them sinks to the bottom of the boiler. Then take out the. hops, drain th«m through a cullender, and to the liquor add three pounds of sugar; the finer and better the sugar, the clearer and pleasanter will be the beer. Stir the sugar well in, and boil for five or ten minutes; then take off and allow the liquor to cool. The bottles should be washed clean before using, and the corks are all the better for being soaked for an hour previous to use in scalding hot water. As soon as the liquor is cold fill the bottles up to but not into the necks, cork tight, and set in the coolest place in or under the house. In two days the beer will be ready for use. It is a safer plan to tie the corks down with twine. The grapes are now coming into season, and a very grateful drink is made by boiling a handful of the tendrils or twiners in a gallon or two of water. When cool, it is a sharp acidulated drink, and very pleasant. Vine leaf vinegar is made as follows (a small quantity of the vinegar amongst water improves the latter greatly):—Fresh gathered vine leaves with their foot stalks, and any vine shoots of tie season that have not become wood}'. Of these drop into the cask intended to be used as many as will fill it lightly; these should not be gathered till the liquor is ready to add to them, prepared as follows:—For every gallon of water allow two pounds of the coarsest moist sugar, boil it half-an-hour, skim over a sieve, so that what runs through may be restored. The addition of shells and white of eggs, or shells only, will assist the leaves; boil them in sugar and water and strain off when done. Cool quickly and work with yeast. When the working begins to subside the liquor sinks, and the froth draws together in a sort of flat cake ; skim it and put the liquor to the vine leaves in the cask ; bung it down and leave it in a cellar or other convenient plaee for a month or six weeks ; then draw off the liquor clear, empty the cask of the vine leaves—soak, scald, and thoroughly dry it; return the vinegar and with one pint of any other vinegar, a handful of chervil, and two ounces of raisins to every gallon. It is now to be treated justas the treacle vinegar, to be presently described. In making treacle vinegar for using amongst water, we take : Treacle, two pounds, boiling water one gallon, stir it well, cool quickly. When all but cold, stir in two large tablespoonfuls of solid ye:ist, and let it Work a week or ten days ; then skim, and put it in a dry clean cask, or stone bottle, keeping it in a warm place to encourage fermentation. When it lias done working, add one pint of best vinegar, and two ounces of raisins. Do not bung down, bu*; lay a piece of wood over the opening to keep out dust and insects. It should be kept in a warm place; in summer, on or under slates, or under a skylight in a sunny aspect; in winter, near the fine. After standing three months, bung it close. Ginger Beer or Pop.—The principal difference between these is, that ginger beer is put into a cask a few days before bottling, pop is bottled immediately. It is also usual to boil the ingredients for ginger beer, which is not done for pop. Both are usually put in stone bottles, or in stout glass bottles of an egg shape, properly soda water bottles. The corks avetied or wired down. If done properly, the corks and strings will serve many times in succession. As soon as the string is untied, the cork flies out uninjured. The bottles, as soon as empty, should be soaked a few hours in cold water, shaken about and turned down to drain. The stone bottles to be scalded immediately before using. The corks also to be scalded. To make Ginger Pop.—Coarse lump sugar or fine moist, one pound, cream of tartar, two ounces, bruised ginger, one ounce. Pour over these one gallon of boiling water. Stir it well, and cover it up while cooling, that the flavor of the ginger may not evaporate. It is a good plan to do thus far the last thing at night; then it is just fit to set working in the morning, as it is essential that the proper time be observed between working and bottling. The liquor at the time of working should be as cool as possible without being quite cold. To a tea-cupful of the liquor, stir two tablespoonfuls of solid yeast. Let thi3 stand a quarter of an hour in a moderately warm place—in the influence of a fire but not close to it—then pour it to the rest, stir thoroughly, and cover it for eight hours. If bottled earlier the bottles are apt to fly ; if later, the beer becomes vapid. Skim, strain, bottle, cork and tie down. The cork should not touch the liquor. Stand in a cellar or closet, free from light and from draughts of air. It will be fit for use in twenty-four tours. . The thin rind or juice of a lemon or orange or two may be added to the ingredients, or twenty-five drops of pure essence of lemon. Ginger Beer (properly so called.) —The proportions of this may vary according to taste, and intention of keeping for a longer or a shorter time. Loaf sugar is preferable to moist. The quantity may be from one pound to one pound and a half for each - 'gallon required. Best ginger (sliced or bruised) for the same quantity, from half an ounce to one ounce; a lemon, or one and a half, or use oranges if preferred ; or two drachms of citric acid, and twenty-five or thirty "drops of essence of lemon ; the white and shell of an egg. The above are the proportions for one gallon. To' four gallons, half an ounce of hops will answer every purpose of "keeping," as "well as a quarter of a pint of brandy. Method of mak-" iug.—Boil the water, sugar; whites and- - shells: of eggs (well beaten), and skim carefully; then add the ginger, hops,'and thinly shaved rinds of lemons or oranges, if such be used,: and let the whole boil ^half-an-hour ; meanwhile, clean the fruit of all the white pith, and put the fruit whole into the cask. When the liquor has boiled its time, put it into the cask boiling hot, without strainings and slightly bung it If citric acid be used instead of fresh fruit, the essence of lemon may be dropped on a lump of sugar, and that and the acid dissolved in a small quantity of the liquor when boiled, and then added to the rest. It must not be boiled in. Two days after brewing, the fermentation may be assisted by stirring in a little fresh yeast (two table-spoonfuls to the gallon), then bung the cask closely. After standing a fortnight draw off and bottle. In another fortnight it will be ready for use. This will keep longer than ginger pop, but the latter is cheaper and for ordinary purposes answers just as well.—Boto. BOWEN, October 24.—The steamer Black Prince has arrived. In passing Hinchinbrook Island a blacks' camp was seen, in which were four white men, ranged in a row, with their backs towards the ship, apparently for concealment from observation. They were not over three hundred yards from the steamer, but Captain Major, for some unexplained cause, did not send a boat on shore, nor communicate with the schooner Ethel, which was only a short distance behind. His conduct causes great indignation here. A whale-boat and party have left Townsville for the island, and on her arrival the Louisa Maria will be sent from here. The men are supposed to be Captain Macbeath and the crew of the schooner Eva, which has been missing since the great gale which occurred last March. A NEW GAS LAMP.—Mr. W. E. Teale, of Dantzic-street, Manchester, has lately patented a new gas lamp, which promises to supersede all others now in use. Tiie lamp consists essentially of a hollow ball of brass, closed at the top with a tightly fitting plug. When the plug is removed an interior cylinder is seen, separated from the rest of the cavity by a roll of metallic gauze. Between the gauze cylinder and the external wall the lamp interior is packed with sponge, and when the li up is to be charged a small quantify of liquid prepared for the purpose is poured into ihe lamp, and what is over after the sponge is saturated is poured back. The plug containing the wick is screwed on, and the lamp is ready for use. The wick bnrns with a clear, steady light until the gas is exhausted, and a small quantity of liquid is sufficient to burn for about ten hours. "By a simple contrivance the light can be reduced to a blue light. The merits of the lamp are—the brilliancy of its light, which is equal to two composite candles, great economy, and complete safety. The lamp may, in fact, be rolled about, or turned upside down, without in any way interfering with its usefulness, or damaging carpets or table cloths. CANOE VOYAGE ACROSS THE ENGLISH CHANNEL.—We have to record the exploit of Mr. Bowker, a member of the Canoe Club, who on Monday last crossed, in his canoe Octoroon, from Ambleteuse, a village seven miles north of Boulogne, to Dover. After having put on board two bottles of wine and a cm of biscuits, Mr. Bowker paddled out of Ambleteuse at a quarter to seven a m., and came in view of the English coast, after running some fourteen miles west of Cape Grisnez, having lost sight of land only about a quarter of an hour. About ten miles from his destination, he was hailed by the South-Eastern steampacket, the captain of which vessel pointed out the route, Mr. Bowker having unfortunately lost his chart, and found his compass would not act. ETe saw during the voyage several shoals of porpoises, one of these monsters rising within a few feet of the bow of the boat. He reached Dover at sixteen minutes to six-p.m., after paddling (with the exception of thirty minutes' rest) about eleveu hours, his arrival causing no little excitement among the promenaders on the beach. The Octoroon is 16 ft. long, 23 in. wide, and 8 in. deep, unquestionably the smallest boat which has ever crossed the Channel. The weather was fine, but the sea not without surf in some places ; wind, S.S.W,—The Times, Aug. 23. SCIENTIFIC INFANTICIDE.—The unfortunate seamen, on whose corpora vilia was trie.I the experiment whether torpedoes were sufficiently destructive, have found a parallel. Baron Liebig, whose fertile invention is always at work, has discovered what he considers a good substitute for maternal milk. It is composed of cow's milk, flour, malt, and lactate and butyrate or carbonate of potassa. This looks as if it must be rather an abominable coin- pound. At a reccnt meeting of the Paris Academy of Medicine, this medicine was discussed and condemned. Dr. Depaul said that he had tried a series of experiments with it, conducting them with the utmost exactitude, according to the inventor's directions. The first two children he tried it upon were twins, born somewhat before the time. They weighed less than the average of new-born infants. Liebig's compound being administered to them instead of milk, they both died in the course of two days. A third infant, apparently in peifect health, and above the average weight, died on the third day after taking the compound ; and a fourth child, also healthy, died on the fourth day. In consequence of this, he did not consider it advisable to continue his experiments." We should rather think not. Here are four children coolly murdered in a scientific manner, and the operator expresses no regret, but simply says that it is perhaps better not go on. It may be observed that Dr. Depaul' acknowledges that the fault of this quadra pie infanticide is rather his than Baron Liebig's. " His experiments were defective in' one important point—viz., that Liebig's milk ought to have been tried on infants several months old, and should have been diluted in proportion to the digestive power." If the learned physician is accurately reported in GcMgnanH s.pleasant columns, he has confessed that by deliberate disregard of the requisite precautions be caused the death of these four infants. Were they orphans ? If not, Will their parents take no steps to punish the remorseless doctor 1 If they were, will not the authorities interfere ? •• De Quincy wrote an admirable paper on " Murder considered as one of the fine arts;" these French experiments go further still, and make it a branch of science.— Globs. THE British Medical Journal states that the task of forming a new " Nomenclature of Diseases," which has so long engaged the attention of a committee of the College of Physicians,: is now complete. Hie work was presented to the College-on Friday last, with a preface from the pen of Sir T. Watson, and will be considered at a : meeting of the- College^ on Saturday. •-•:•"• A PERSON pretending to. have seen a. ghost, wss -asked^what -the; apparition said -to him 3 ".How shouldvl know," he ; replied ; Sl?«m< not skilled in the dead languages." ECCENTRICITIES OP A RAILWAY SPECULA- TOB.—The Bristol Times tells the following stories respecting the late Mr. Crawshay, the great ironmaster:—At the time when the "Railway King," Geoige Hudson, reigned triumphant, and the commercial world was plunging into a vortex of speculation, Mr. Crawshay was allotted a large quantity of stock in concerns in which Mr. Hudson Was interested. A gentleman, well known to us, called on the great ironmaster one day. who showed him the scrip of these speculations, observing, " There, I could get €40,000 for these in the market to-morrow." " Then, why don't you sell them, sir ?" was the inquiiy. "No, no," said Mr. Crawshay, "you don't know what a man that Hudson is." The £40,000 Was never refalised, for the crash soon came, and amongst the sufferers was an old domestic servant of Mr. Crawsliay's, who, tempted by the success of others, had invested his entire savings, amounting to between £400 and £500. " Well," said his master, on hearing his servant's disaster, " a .pretty fool you have made of yourself—lost all your money, I hear, in these railways." " Yes, sir/' was the sad response ; " too true, sir, too true." " Why, how conld you be such a fool, man?" asked Mr. Crawshay. The servant could only reply that he had heard his master had a large sum in Mr. Hudson's railways, and he thought he could not go far wrong if he followed his master's steps. " Humph," said Mr. C. awshay, " I thought as much—there's something in that—you shan't lo?e : I'll pay the money f' and he gave a cheque for the entire slim. Another anecdote may be told as illustrative of his eccentricity and quiet humor. He was exceedingly fond of gardening, and most of the operations carried on in his gardens and hot houses were under his own superintendence. It was a subject of much annoyance to him when his gardeners would not implicitly follow his directions, but preferred pntting in practice some theory of their own. '•They are so confoundedly conceited," he would say, " one can't get them to do as they are told." Upon one occasion, when engaging a gardener to fil the place of one who had been dismissed for not acting in accordance with his master's commands, Mr. Crawshay took the opportunity to give the new comer a short lecture, which he concluded by observing :— " There, I have told you what to do ; but I don't suppose you'll stay here long ; you'll be like the restso confoundedlypigheaded and conceited." The man expressed his willingness to follow his master's instructions, and after he had been employed about a fortnight, his professions of obedience were put to the test- Mr. Crawshay came into the garden one day in early spiing, and pointing to a row of gooseberry trees, abruptly told the gardener to take them all up and stack the branches into the earth, leaving the roots turned upwards. "They don't seem to grow as they are," h'c remarked, "so I'll try my plan." Mr. Crawshay then turned away abruptly, whilst the gardener, without making any reply, immediately set to work. Iii a few hours the job was completed, and upon Mr. Crawshay returning and finding that his commands had been obeyed, he observed —" That's all right ; put'em back again ; I only did it to try ye ; you'll do; I believe I've got a sensible fellow at last." ALCOHOL.—The influence and importance of alcohol may be judged by the -statement that for its consumption in this country every year £70,000,000 of money is paid. There can be, therefore, no doubt that the primary constituent of fermented beverages is the alcohol. At the same time the price paid-for it varies in each class of beverage. It is cheapest in beer and dearest in wine. The quautity of alcohol to the pint varies greatly in .the various kinds of fermented drink. It is smallest in beers, greatest in spirits, and in mediocre proportion in wines. If we look at prices in connection .with alcohol, we shall find that it is sold in beer, ale, and porter at about 2d. per ounce, in spirits at from 3d. to 6d., and in wines at from 6d. to 3.-?. or 4s. an ounce. To those who drink fermented liquors for the - sake of their alcohol, it may be some consolation-to know that beers and spirits are cheaper than wine. More depends on this fact than most people think for. The great majority of mankind drink fermented beverages for the sake of their alcohol. The cheap wines of France and Germany will never be generally drunk, in England till they are sold at a price that, will make their alcohol as cheap as beer on the one hand, or low-priced ports and sherries or spirits on the other. Ports and sherries successfully compete with strong ales when they are so brandied that their alcohol is nearly as low priced as that of beer. The alcohol is the basis of wines, of spirits, and of beers, but what really makes any of these rise above the price of their alcohol in the market is the bouquet. It is the delicate hop flavour that makes Romford and Burton beers fetch a higher price in the market, in proportion to their alcohol, than coarse stouts and porters of the London brewers ; it is the fine boiiquet.of welLmade gin, of old Jamaica rum, or of Cognac brandy that makes their prices differ ; and- it is the.- exquisite and peculiar flavor of fair and old wines that win their high prices. Withdraw alcohol from the beverages of mankind, and they sink to the dead level of soups, toast-andwater, and tea.—Athenaeum. PAPKB BOATS.—It begins to be evident, according to the Dublin Evening Mail, that paper has been put to but few of the- uses o£ which it is capable. The principal demand; may continue to be for printing, writing, wrapping, and paper collars, but experiments now in progress show that papermakers will soon find extensive uses for their product outside of these present principal sources of consumption: It has already been found that paper can be used advantageously £«• making water pipes and tanks, and- in- the construction of, fireproof buildings ; it is. almost certain that it can be made to- take the place of leather for machinery .belting, and George A.-Waters, of Troy, New York, has demonstrated that p -» r makes the best material for shell boats, by constructing, one thirty feet long; which weighs only forty .pounds, and is in-every; respect superior to boats made of wood. It is qnite thin, lighter than a wooden boat, is rertdered impervious to water by a coating of wl and other compounds, and it is asserted that it is: more durable, ..and that it will stand ^hocks which would destroy a wooden shelL EQUATION.- —Two boys; one of themi blind of SB eye, "were -discoursing on the merits of I "their-.respective •masters. * (How nianyj honrs • dp you get forr sleep V said;one. " Eight," replied. the offieK f Eight!; why I only get. four!" " Ah !' J .said tber first, " but itfcOllect that you have only got one «ye to close, and- I: have two!" A MEXICAN STORY.—An eriftioidiimry story eomes from Mexleo relativ< to flour. It appears that an old miller in thit loctiiitj had a very beautifal young wife, of whom he was jealous in the extreme; and took ; ont bis soalagement of that feeling in thwi letting the lovely young being. There was a certain cook who came to the mill from th s hotel to buy flour, and, hearing the distress o' the loveljf one first, aud seeing her second, recame, of Goursa, madly in love. Some on S told the miller. AH the town began to talk of the fact, and to laugh at the floury one. Or <e day the cook and the lovely young wife arte debly disappeared, and merrily laughed the Mexicans at the miller's misfortune—nothing (was talked of bot the scandal of the elopement of the miller's wife and the cook. The milder'scowled vengefully upon all the town, anjd so time passed by; nothing more was heinT of the cook and the miller's wife by any one. *ffro years after the miller pleased to die and to inform the world in a paper which was left to' be opened after his death and to be publiBhed r in the town, that the cook and his (tjhe miller's) wife had, by his planning, eloped into; an oven two years since and'been baked i that he would have got rid of them elsewise but for the jeering of the public ; therefore he hwd ground them up in a large mass of corn, wMsh the townspeople were pleased to compliment him for, as being exceedingly rich and nutritious, and he only hopes that they will enjoy" thereminiscence as much as fie did the remainder of his life that he was spared, whenever he looked upon a townsman. TflE ARMY IN FEANCE.—The Situation professes Ur give an accurate resume of the condition of the" French army at the present time. It is very neat and compact. The infantry consists of one regiment of Gendarmes, one of Zouves, three of Grenadiers, fonr of voltigeurs, and one battaKofl of Chassenrs, all be- longing to the Imperial Guard; then cornea the Line, consisting of 100" regiments ; twenty battalions of Chasseurs, three regiments of Zouaves, three regiments of Tareos (native Algerian infantry), three battalions of light African infantry,'one foreign regiment, irtfdseven' disciplined companies. At the present timer the infantry has about 390,000 men under arma and its cadres enable it to be raised almost instantaneously to 550,000 men. The eavalry of the Guard consists of one regiment? of Cant-> biniers, one of Cuirassiers, one of Chasseurs, one of Guides, one of Lancers, one of Dragoons ; that of the line numbers ten regiments - of. Cuirassiers, twelve of Dragoons, eight of.' Lancers, twelve of Chasseurs, eight of Hussars^ four ofjChasseurs d'Afrique, three of Spaliis j they muster at present 50,000 horses, and canbe raised instantaneously to 80,000. The artillery of the.- Guard consists of two regiments, and that-of the Line of twenty regiments, formiug an aggregate of 224 batteries, with 1350 field guus and 25,000 men, which can be raised to 40,000 at. a moment's notice. Independently of the corps in country quarters, thereare ten divisions of infantry brigaded (say 120,000 men); there are,-moreover, four divisions of cavalry. All are ready for service, with their complement of artillery,~ military train, couimissiariat, medical staff; ic. At the present time, therefore, the Situation estimates the number of men under arms at 400,000, and the organisation is sueh that in . a very short .time it could be raised to 660,000. Theses figures speak- for themselves. MEXICO-S— ASSASSINATION OF LOPEZ. — A letter gives the following details of the assassination of Lopez, who betrayed Maximilian :—. " I arrived here to- day and learned the startling ntws of the assassination of Lopez. The particulars of the assassination are as follows:— Lopez was staying at an hotel in Puebla, where his wife spurned him from her presence. Early one morning a Mexican arrived, and familiarised" himself with-an ostler in a livery-stable adjoining the hotel. General Miguel Lopez was inquired for, but not being in; the stranger ww told that the General-would be in at dinner. Before the dinner, hour Lopez returned and was pointed out to the stranger who made special note of his man.. When ditiner vrascalled Lopez and his assassin- occupied oppositese its at the table after some minutes, during which time the-stranger called for ; and drank' a glass of wine, he deliberately rose,- drew a concealed knife, and sprang upon • Lopez,- and stabbed him nine times. The stranger took his hat, and as he started to leave, said,-' This is the way all traitors should be paid.' No one interfered or prevented the assassin from leaving. Thus was the blood of Maximilian,: Miramon, Mejia, yes, and thousands of others avenged." This report is regarded here as" authentic.—New York World, Aug. 14. THE PHILOSOPHY OF SLANG.—It is in the language of the prize- ring that slang is not only freely introduced, but almost enlirely dis- - places ordinary phraseology. Aiid' there is good reason for this ; it misrepresents things, and throws a veil over a ghastly picture. According to a pugilist, a man has not a head, but a nut, or pimple; not a forehead, bat a knowledge box ; not a fice, but a frontispiece, or dial, or mug ; not a nose, but a snuff-box, or proboscis, or smeller not eyes, but,ogles, peepers; not a mouth, but a potato-trap, or' kisser; not teeth, but ivories ; not- a: stomach, but a bread-basket, or victualling-shop-; not hands, but fins, or paddles ; not a fist, but * mauley, or bunch of fives ; not legs, put pins, or understandings ; not feet, but trotters ; not Wood, but cliiret, or ruby in his voeins. It mustr be confessed that some of the-expressions are graphic enough, but their figurative nature, including a certain comic element, prevents one ! from fully appreciating the tragedy.which they' are commonly used in recording. For example, when you read that " Bill's mug showed sigus of pepper, his two peepers having ; adopted the early closing movement, his smeller being as; flat as a pancake, his kisser wonderfully eur larged, and his. dial so «overei with the raby ; that his own brother would not! have known him," you ace prevented by the grotesqueness of the description from folly realising tie; horrid condition, to which the "nobfe- art t>F self- defence" has rednced "the htaoftn face. divine." Nor when you read thai ,c po»)r JSfj^V met.with an .accident/' wOuld yon: >»fc oaee elude that he had slam a man and a bwither ; yet such would be the slang; of etiquette In a r' case of homicide in the prize-rihg. " If prize-^ fightj were described withoot the jglbsi of slang' it is probable that the 'dfcttipBte into'-ijifiisji^ they are day by day more- and falling woujd, in a reiy short table, b u t ^ u u i ^ r s a l . — " i ,L . . ^VFFJIT we are afraid to do jfaefore - we should be afraid to rthtak before. God? i ^ ' J A o&kap; step is. gaina$;4die& a plijU'Ita*- leanied that there is lrojRecesmjxjci^^ betwwn liking a thing 1 and dojoy H. *V/ ; 