THEATRE ROYAL. The Amateurs of H.M. 2-14th Begiment gave a Dramatic Performance last night at the Theatre Royal. There was a capital house, the pit being crowded, and the boxes fairly filled with our leading citizens. The centre boxes were appropriated to the officers and their wives. The first piece was Mrs Inchbald's beautiful melodrama, entitled Lover's Vows, in five acts. The female characters being sustained by those old favorites, Mrs. and Miss Harwood, and a Miss Smith. The piece was well put on the stage, considering the material at the disposal of the amateurs, and the performance would not have disgraced professionals. The audience were with the amateurs, and exhibited their satisfaction by repeated plaudits. During the interlude, Mr A Robinson delighted the audienoa with some excellent comic songs in character. The Band of the Detachment at intervals played appropriate airs. The laughable farce of GrimsAaw, Bagshaw and Bradshaw, sent the audience home in excellent humor with the amateurs of H.M. 2-14th Regiment. AN Irishman, on observing a beautiful cemetery, remarked that he considered it a healthy place to be buried in. " SHORT visits are the best," as the fly said when he alighted on a hot stove. A GREAT physician gives it as his opinion that the brain is not injured by intemperate drinking, as is generally supposed; for, he adds, " a man given to intemperance in that way, cannot have any brains." THTE PBINCE OP WAIBS.—"1-11 Follow Thee I" is tha designation ^/ a cartoon in a late number^ of the.. tomahawk. It represents the Prince of Wales, as Bamlet, struggling with John Bull, who, as Horatio, is holding him back from pursuing the ghost of George IV., to whom the Prince is saying, " I'll follow thee!" The inference is obvious, and the publication of such a picture is surely a sign of the times; for the Tomahawk (says the Flaneur in the Star) is by no means 'alow Badical paper.' It is another sign of the times, which, will probably have been noticed by those whose inclination or whose duty prompts their attendance at public dinners, that while the toast of the Prince of Wales, once so provocative of enthusiasm, is now received with comparative coldness, the mention of the ntune of the Princess calls forth unmistakable demonstrations of sympathy and personal attachment. Qui, vivra, verra." THE last freak of fashion is to give the coup de grace to the pearl-powder, whitehead, and rouge that have so long reigned. Even belladonna is to be discarded, and " golden" hair will shortly be as rare as the real auburn tint of nature, if not still rarer. The decree has gone forth for black hair and bronze complexions; and these will, no doubt, shortly crowd the parks. How they are produced is the only question that need concern ns. The destructive nature of the chemical agents usually employed for dyeing the hair black is well known to out readers. To give a lady of fashion the complexion of a gipsy, nothing is needed but a little walnut Juice, and we have reason ta know that this has already found its way to the toilette-table. It has at least the negative merit of not being so dangeroqs as some of tho poisonous cosmetics that have preceded it. Whether a dirty face will long be the rage it would be rash to predict. THE Owl says the Princess of Wales will leave England in the second week in August. Her royal highness will proceed on. board one of the royal yachts to Rotterdam, whence ska will pnrsue her journey up the Rhine, on her way to the waters recommended to her. THE infant daughter of Prince Teclc and Princess Mary of Cambridge is to be christened by the name of Agnes. This is ft nev BMM itt j^ 9 « f ovur fam ^ a r* 