?BNNNmM$*a1 g3»^^ng,.Wer, «*a by Mr. Stteer irfSSel^t &Set;«VClab, it. reply to Mr. gi^niiernUiMAaaB t— ..- , -'...? mmjm^Maxmmniai GeBttemefc— In a paper Jg^reEpgr^TL^a..- to the Stmttfidd i^ntt»^«t .other useless dom andtm siSematter, that *m my b» *w«done_bl» «Sir minWociBg « new JUad Bill Wj» 25e^ payments and*ree wOection. Gentle st i«do»derai» light Farmera' Club, wno Wm spent their time and money these last 3tolrw advocating Mr. Hay'a principle, :tj|nnM n-T ''' ' ''* ?«h»«'iwi-» as Mr. £lexander-s to go before the public unchal * Itypifl : thrrrfrn* Ipni these few notes together ftSottr »PPJW&\- Me. Alexander begins with Si 'Scotch anecdote about a man that did nut l£e things underdone or overdone, but just ml done, (which make* toe remember on |^.£eodote which wDlrait Mr. Alexander ?nd Ms arguments to aT. A certain woman l»d a Wind husband, and when at msafa the Uind man bad potatoes end salt, while the woman had meat, batter, or the best she could procure. The Uind man used to say, *Oh, tten, iffll we ever have better fire than this?' Xbe woman would say, *I pray God it may neTer be worse,' lapping up her luxury. So with ar- ii»»Jar Wb is verv comfortable on the Smith's Creek, and if the poor devils from were to Port Gawler complain of scanty farms, red , xsst, blaek rust, or takeaU, caused by excessive cropping, he- will say-Let very well alone; abntnp, and be thankful. Before I contradict one atatement Mi. Alexander has made I will lay down the nrincdples on which the light Birmere' Club would wish Mr. Hay to base his new BilL It is— free selection, deferred pay ments, occupation, cultivation, and Unuteuon. Mr, Alexander says by free selection Mr. Grant I got possession of two miles of the creek. Has j Mr. Alexander such a poor opinion of Mr. Hay 1 and the public as to think that a limitation j daase could not be inserted to prevent Mr. Giant, Ml Alexander, or any other big bug faun Smithfield occupying but a certain frontage -t *v-, M*u-ir onii a. (wrtain number of acres ; so that if they should be first, they could not do as they have done before at Smith's Creek— try and stop the creek from running, so as the poor devils below would die of thirst! Mr. Alexander says he is certain by free selection the country would fall into the hands of capitalists ; for instance, bis own Club would rush and take up all the creeks from Smithfield to Goyder's rainfall T».^lr How, Mr. Chairman, I will ask you and those gentlemen present, cannot Mr. Hay intro duce a limitation clause to prohibit Mr. Alex ander and his Club from monopolising the I creeks of the colony ? 'With regard to deterred I payments, that is to Mr. Alexander like a ghost ?tory to a child. I will tell him. that under the system of deferred payments t do not know one district in the colony which thrived better than that from Mr. Alexander's door through Peaehey Belt to the sea did. I do not know how long I Mr. Alexander is on the creek, but I know 1 1 grew wheat on the plains 17 years ago, when, if Me. Alexander was there, he was like the Mar quis of Breadalbane — could claim all the land from bis hall door to the sea. But shortly after a few men in Adelaide, such as Messrs. G. Green, E. Wright, and P. D. Prankerd, smelt the diggings, or some other sign of the times, and having money, or got it, bought up every section from Salisbury to Gawler, and from I Smithfield to the sea, and sold the land over j again to a lot of industrious hard-working I men on deferred payments. What the pay ments were I know not ; but I know several of] those people who bought their seed, bullocks, .1«,»V. Hm«- Urn. Jfcr- . on credit, and nald fot them -honestly, and are in their own simple way as honorable and as independent fanners to-day as Mr. Alexander or any other member of his Club. I will ask Mr. Alexander whether the country throve better under the system of de ferred payments of land agents— who bought, as I have stated, the greater part of the Gawler plains for say £1 per acre, and sold it to others for say £2 par acre, at 10 per cent, interest— or when the land-was let to Grant and Butler as a sheepwalk? I say deferred payments did more public good. I will ask Mr. Alexander another question. Would it be better for the fanner if the Government sold him the land at £1 per acre on deferred payments than to deal ?with the agents? I certainly maintain that it -would be better for the farmer and the public for the tenant to deal direct with the Govern ment and keep the money in the oolony than to deal with an English capitalist through a land agent, and send all profits over cost price out of the colonv. Bespectinff the buying of teams of bullocks, ploughs, drays, &c;, that Mr. Alex ander is so frightened will never be paid for, I will ask, does he know one industrious farmer from his hall door to Port Gawler who did not pay for his team ? I do not think he knows one. Another flight of Alexander's is that those ? def ? rred payment' gentry may build a hut, fence their land, cultivate it until their five or seven years' leases are expired, then throw it up and seek 'pastures new.' Now, did Mr. Alexander know one on Gawler Plains, under the oppressive deferred payments of land agents, that ran away from his improvements. I believe not ; and if there was an exception, some big wig like Mr. Alexander, or some other poor devil like himself, was in his place before the fire was quenched. Mr. Alexander is also afraid that the rent will not be paid, tor an answer to that I will refer him to the agents I named, as I know them to be men of prin ciple, who will tell the truth. They have sold their land at from £2 to £3, and from 4s. to 6s. per acre rent. Every one bets a new hat, but I will bet Mr. Alexander a pair of second-hand breeches that the answer of these gentlemen will be, ' We have not lost one penny. For if one left a trifle unpaid the improvement on the land allowed us to charge more, so that in the last we were gainers inatead of losers.' The bugbear ' vested in ♦*««tH.' which is Mr. Alexander's worst stumblingblook, should deferred payments be introduced, for fear it would reduce the value of his property and those of other re spectable old oolonists to a mere nothing, I will get rid of by asking ' Were we not all new chums in our turn, and did it affect the pro perties of old colonists in the South when we new chums left every corner from Adelaide to Mount Barker, Willunga, &c;, &c;, &c;, and came and selected our lands at Smith's Creek, Sheaosk ' Log, Gilberton, Saddleworth, and other places, on deferred payments, cash pay ments, mortgages, or as the case might be? How did that hurt the vested interests of the South? I would ask Mr. A. But I never heard of him being a South-down man. I presume he must have come direct from where he had that dinner with the Scotch man to Smith's Creek, where he had made sure, and perhaps wrote home to ins menus, that he was monarch of all he surveyed; but, lo and behold ! coon the land sharks, as he terms them, came and swallowed it all up, and served it out again to a miserable lot of cocka toos, who had neither bullocks, ploughs, nor drays, nor in fact decent clothing, but like abo rigines dressed in flannel shirts, wide-awake hats, and moleskin trousers, to annoy the re spectable old colonists of Smith's Creek. Mr. A. asks how could borrowing money in England Kp Anno nnifor deferred navments ? I can see nothing simpler ; and the Hon. the Treasurer will bear me out. Let 100 farmers get 1,000 acres of land each at £1 per acre on deferred payments, bearing interest at 6 or 7 per cent. ; what better security can the Government give for £100,000 than the rent and improvements of the said 100 farmers? Did not former Govern ments borrow what money they did borrow on the strength of those fanners who got their land on deferred payments from land agents, squatters, and capitalists, who sent two-thirds of the principal and interest out of the colony? Mr. A. avers occupation could be enforced ; but how could culti vation and improvement be managed? That is easily accomplished, for without any compul sion a tenant must fence and clear his land, so as to enable him to pay his rent, and he must cultivate it so as.to keep him from the Insol vent Court. (It will not be 'red rust' always.) I have a letter in my hand from a landlord to his tenant, which says: — * You shall not clear your land from stone, but if you do the stone shall belong to me ; and if you do not pay your rent when due I shall summons you, as I have done before, and put you to costs.' Mr. Chair jjian, cannot the Government do as the land lord, and say, you must do certain improve ments and you must pay your rent, or we shall eject you ? Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen, I think I have pointed out that both free selec tion and deferred payments arc the most essen tial points necessary in Mr. Hay's Bill, and I himA T shall convince Mr. Alexander: for I consider it very bad grace for Mr. Alexandei and that distinguished body 'The Smithfield Farmers' Club1 to raise their powerful voice against their poor brother farmers who hap pened to be a few years later in the colony, or were more unfortunate in not selecting such another paradise as Smith's Creek. Why not reach the hand of friendship to them, and allow the Government, in lieu of the land agents, to give each of them a section or two on right of purchase, and let every old colonist of us assist them with seed, ploughs, bullocks, &c;, &c;, as the old colonists in our times have done to us ? I would impress upon Sir. Alexander that beautiful chapter in the Bible that points out that blessing will attend those who will do unto others as they wish to be done by. Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen, it ia quite certain that if Mr. Hay's Land Bill is carried, it will be the moan* «f Ratline a respectable yeomanry on this beautiful land, in place of a bloated colonial aristocracy, who would, through foolery and ignorance, squander the hard earnings of their tenantry in bngland, or on the Continent of Europe, or, perhaps, in Melbourne, where every thing is flash ; as nothing can be got now in poor South Australia without sending to Victoria for it, even from the Princes valet to an auctioneer's cleric it i cannot convince Mr. Alexander by the facts I have stated is these hurriedly-got-up notes, I pledge him my word he will be convinced next March at the general election, for I tell him in plain words Ins hole-and-corner way of tendering, which is fit for none but road contractors and . sharpers (who jpoHld put a man's tender in his pocket), wpl not be accepted by that true fanners' friend, Mr. A, Hay, or by that never tired Ugh t Farmers* CWb, or by thejmbHc, who have wSatMr. Al«»an4er condemn.-* nrtTersal suffrage'— at their command. And tt Mr. Alexander wishes Twill double my bet that the word ' tender* wifl not bo mentioned at she next election/out that free selection and deferred payment* will be the watchword from Mount Gambler to the Buna; and I will add uu we arlstocratie Smithfield Club will not be able to return one member for Yotala on the strength of Mr. Alexander's system of tendering. Mr Chairman and Gentlemen, .before I conclude I would urge upon you the necessity of keeping to your post ^Sou want, and^ does every Farmers' Club in the colony, to be watchful and prepared for next election so as to gam our eni* ? 