SYNOD. TUEvDAY, APRIL 2. Opening Addrcess. The following is the address of his Lord ship the Bishop of Tasmnnia in oponing the Synod referred toin our last: Upon the opening of the third session of Synod during my episcopate, I ailn thankfid to the Head of the Clhrchi for the language of hope and encouragelment which Hle permits Inc to use. I am sure that the more faith filly we use the means placed at our disposal the more abundantly will those means Lto en larged. If the church prove her divinie mis sion Iy exhibiting the fiith once delivered to her keeping, without addition or subtnction -by sctting forth Christ in all her teaching, whether by word or by sncntmelt,-slho may rest sure that her Lord will never forsake her. It is only by the uniUithfulnuss, world liness, and fitint-heartedness of her ministers, tihat we cl1a lose the virtue of those outward credentials which, as a true branch of Christ's 1loly Catholic Church, we claim. He who c.m act according to the good pleasure of His will, or fiom the stones raise up children unto Ablraam, can exchange one instritnlelt for another; and the promise to be with us to the end of the world presupposas our own fidelity and allegirulce. If we really believe that our ministry coines down to us by the imposition of hands froml apostolic days, and will have mlen believe it too, we must give full proof of our ministry by daily devoted ?ess to our sacred cOdling; and the Holy Spirit will stir up the hearts of the laity to cnlsecnate their worldly wealth for the exten sion and the establishment of the ordinances of gntce. Whenl bst we met, we looked at the estimates of the coming year with feelings of some ulnersiness. Both Archdeaconries emllloyed the language of despondency. Fresh engagelments were forced upon us, in volving fresh liabilities, in the fitce of the fact that smaller ones of former years had. not been met. But the experience of the lpast year goes happily to prove that if only the diocese hals a clear statement of its spliritual wants put before it, coupled with the eLssu nrnce that those wants will be supllpied witll ia vigorous and an even hand, there is no lack of sympathy and liberality in the hearts of Tals?anian churcvhmen. For the first timle I aml able to announce that every elngmgeml nt has been kept with the clergy. For the cur rent year, I have the plleasant duty to report that still further provision is being miade for the napidly increraeilng population of the North Coast. Last year, tle district of the hers-ey, the Don, the Forth, (Old the Leven, were placed under thile superintendence of an ordained clergyman, in the hope that in the course of time the inhabitants, taught to ex perience tihe value of religious privileges, would desire to have them extended. Already hlls this hole been realised. The districts of the Leven and Forth have made great efforts to supply funds for the lmailnto nance of a deacon-curate in thIe place of a catechist, so that they may secure the more regular and orderly ministrations of the Church. Their zeal has been further evinced by the subscription of considerable feuds for the erection of a church upon the banks of ench of those two rivers. I am happy further to report that the cure of Ioss, so long vacant, hlus been at lerlgthl filled up; and there is reason to believe that, if the patrons have been ta ly, they have :beonalso I successfil' iinfindling a 'man of ;zel and good I repute for'faithful labor. The curo of Camp- I boll Town, rendered vacant by the lamented r and early deatll of a devoted young clergyman so soon after his arrival amongst us, Ions been filled up, at least for a time, by a clergyman who brings with him high testimonials from f another diocese. The samoremark applies to I Sorell, in the Southern Archdeaconry. The proposal of uniting Jericho with Colebrook Dale has been effiected by the appointment of I the Rev. II. Adams; but as a vacancy at Oat lands has occurred, the Synod has the oppor tunity of re-opening the question whether we a may recur to the former arrangement. It is I a subject also of congat.tulation that in two 1 lahurge parishes in this city there are now enm ployed either an ordained curnte, or a lay dleacon looking forward to holy orders. 'In dealing with large masses of the population' abounding with ignoraonce and ungodliness, it is desirable, wherever practicable, that, as of old, .the bearers of Christ's message should go forth two and two. In the instances to which I refer no additional burden has been laid upon the funds placed at the disposal of the Synod. I have still to express my deep regret that no provision has yet been made for the various and increasing townships scattered along D'Entreea?ateaux Channel. A year ago the inhabitants promised out of their narrow resources to conltribute £55 towards the sup port of a resident clergyman, in the fill ox pIehttion? thiat Synod would meet the subscrip tion by a grant. After doing their part, they were told that Synod could not do its part. I do trust that the claiat of these long-sufler ing people will be considered of primary im poitance. The system of lay-deacons, or reanders, which is the technical designation adopted by the church at hono to indicate men without the holy orders who are ready to supplement the work of tile ministry by such labors of love as a laynumu can discharge, hIs worked beneficially. Thlere are now numerous localities in which tile congregations are held togetlher by tilhe help of zealouaas lay men, who unite thenma by tile use of our beautiful liturgy, assembled some times in the scllool-louse, sometimes in the store-room. The boast of our reformecd church is, that she conforams in faiith mrd practice to tllhe Apostoli and primi tive model. In the early ages, the lower orders of the ministry were with less rigidity adapted to the altering wants of the church; and the revival of those llinor orllers, whetheir evangelists, pastors, and teachers, or the original order of deacons and dalencon nesses, would often call out a Stephen, a Philip, or a Plhmbe, "for tlhe work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Clrist." That these minor ministrations were nlot necessarily of a tenporary character is gathered firam their juxtaposition to apostles and prophets, as well as by this deli nition of their labors,-" Till we all come in tle unity of thl faith adl of the knowledge of the Sonl of God, unto ai perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Chrlist." The judicious employment of lay zeal would be often found to curb its erratic outgoings, and to prevent anomalous instances of independent actionl contrary to the discipline wlhich we have received. The primitive clurch, too, sets us a usefil lesson in regard to the Diaconate. Practically, since thie Reformation, the Church of Eng land has but two orders of the ministry. The exigencies of the colonial church require ai more defined and dis tinctive Diaconaate. There are men, of zeal and love, whose services are coit tinually lost to our c]lurclh by her refulsal to find tlhemi room for thle cultivation of thcir talents. They may not have learning and other personal advantages which qualify thaem for thle higher order of Christ's millis try, and their services llay be securead for a more modest relnunclation. There are dis tricts again, as on tile North Coast and along the Southern Channel, which are too exten sive for the supervision of one Presbyter, and there are not fuinds for tle support. of two. In such, cases, it would be our wiser policy to adopt thie mnore primitive Di?co naite,-the consecration caf a manl to the office aof a Standinlg Deacon, wlho may serve unlder tlle stated Presbyter. We may lose 'amuchl by ai rigid and unreasoning adlherence to a traditional system which has no sanction in HIoly Scripture or primitive usage. I make thlcs observatioans because of the prejudice wlhich so0ipe highly esteemed cllurclhmen have expressed in regard to the employment both of Lay-Deacrons as well as a less edu cated and less highly paid order of clergy. The Archdeacon of the North reports to me his interesting visits to the islands ina Bass's Straits. These visits, however, are exceedingly expensive, and I grieve to find tlut lie is at the present timae £300 out of pocket. IHe reports to nme that unless ho is Ilellped, the work must be abanloned. Synod can of course do no more than compare the relative claims matde upon it. lBut an cater prise like this lhas a special claiml upon the missionary sympathies of tlhe churclh, and in deed of the whole colony. Private subscrip tions and iannuall churclh collections may fairly be insisted upon for so philantlropic all object. Thle House of Assembly lilas seen fit, I regret to say, to disallow its obligation to provide special spiritual mnilnistration for its own elecmaomynary institutions. The govern nment, conaidearing that aln exception at least sllould be mnade on behalf of tllhe prisons, re taained the grnnt to the chaplains upon t'le estimnates. It was not until I had perfectly satisfied myself tlhat tlese grants too would be sacriliced, that I ventured to proolso tlhat the churches should undartake thie responsibility of rorvidinlg what services tlhecy woere able for wlicll soae lixed suan of money slhounll be Sgranted froi?m the public treasury. Tlhe surn so grantedl was fixedl at £i00. MIy proposal is, thlat for the presenta thie serv'ices of the old chlaplains should be, if possible, retained, and that they slhouall be asked to accept two thirds of what they previously received, credit being'givenifor the cbmpensating allowances, to which, as disohargad servants of the govern mont, they are entitled. I have much satisfaction in reporting the progress which the cathedral committee has made. in the work with which Synod had en trusted it. In spite of the fears of the less hopeful,' that,- in these comparatively less affluent times, :theo.undertaking .would not succeed, or, if it did, it would do so toethe injury of other more t directly, important works, no less a sum than: £6i000 has been raised by donations and promises. !'This re sult is the more gratifying from the fact that, on no previous year, has the amount required by Synod from private sources for the supply of the ordinary wants of the church been more readily obtained. The feeling has not been difficult to arouse in the hearts of the people, mid especially amiong the middle class, whose liberality has been the most eminently conspicuous, that where there is a -bishop there should ,be a cathedral, in some sore Wortly. to be called the chief IHouse of God, worthy to hold up its head .among the public buildings of the city, worthy to have solemn ised within its walls the principal functiont of an apostolic and episcopal'- church, worthy to be a material type of the rank and, influ once of the Englisl. Church...- The architect employed is one of the highest reputation. The fiact that lie has restored two of the col lege chapels im Cambridge, and carried off one of the three prizes for designs for the memorial church at Constantinople, invited from all the architects of Europe, is a sufli cient guarantee. Since last we met, we- have experienced many changes in the ministry. The Arch. deacon of the South 'was warned by the fail ore of that physical strength, which in earlier days be may have overtaxed in:hias Mlister's work, that it was due to the~.lhurch and to himself that he should retire from the princi pal core, and claim the. pension which the liberality' of a past ncneration has provided fir its earlier pioneers. With him has re. tired the aged servqont of the Lord,; the: Rev. Jamor Norman,'vwho began na.lile of holy enterprise in that region of European graves -Sierra Leaone-a life protracted, neverthe less, beyond the usual limit, by the eanatory influence of a Tasmanian climate. I hopo 'thait both himself and the Arebdracon may long remain anmng us, for some spare service to the church, by cons.ecrating the residue of their strength as occasion oloers, and hby the power of a holy example.. The incumbency of St. David's has fallen to Mr. Cox, whose retention' amongst us I hope is the better so cared. His provisional call to the see of Natal is the best testimony to his value. His place of St. John's the bhard of Patron. ago have most eatislactorily supplied. 'Two others have been ,omoved by death,-one in the spring time of his ago, the other when the leaf was sero: both borne to their earthly resting-plane nmi the tears of their people, sorrowing that they should hear no more from loving lips the words of eamnest conn. eel. My reverend brethren, let mae.solemnly remind you of Ihe grace trust which we have undertaken, You are bound'inot onlp to perform the publio duties.ot the Sanctuary, but as far as po.sible to reach the aposto:io model,--"Daily in the temple and in every housa they ceaseel not to teach and,to preach - Cl r st." Surely, every portion of eachr clergyman's distric*, however remote, should be per odicilly visited, if pcssib e quarterly, or 'at lea annually. Then children will never, as often now, grow up unbaptised, the holy commuanion be unadministcred, the sick or ng. d die unvisited. For want.of. more fanithfulness in Tome case-, I grieve to say that there are 1 calitics of which clergymen hvws taken the delibtrate oversight syste maltienll unvisited, on account, of some personal inconvenience which the village doctor or the government insppitor would cheerfully submit to as a mere matter of bargain. In my visits I have founid children of churchmen baptised by ploachirig 'laymen of other communions, and thlattoo without the 'ples of sikness. Tlie practice of some clergymen ofd.clining to attend a summons to haptiseo an i.fant until there should be what they consider a sufficient number to justify the troutl of a journey, is c eatly to b3 reproehended as an o:nissioei of duty sadly oileulated to weaken tie ministerial influence. But anothe" and I hope less frequent practie a of neceptinz fees for this holy rite is a fl:grant violation of the laws of the church, which I feel compeplled to state exposes the offender nit only tJ reproof but to penalfy. I know of many instances of children in lealta broubht by. ignorant church-people to the iti.o-anit preaher., In, atlli oritian courtesy hie shou'd inform them that Ihe is no more than another layman t; ard that in,ease of suddetn sick?ncs, 'the parent. as thltprieatof the family, has a' far higher abuthority. Still, who is to be surprised, :that, among a people' isolated and untaught, auoh ignorance should prevail, if their o0n clergyman nevo: in struet", or warns, or even visits them I 1" am not awvirs' what repo?ft h'ia a aets pre pared by the committee appointed for investi. gating the qusation oat marriage fees. . llefoie I leave subjects of dome-t a interest, I am gladl to report the progrets, tlehough el w, towards the liquidation of the debt w'iioht It. a eo 'o ig pnralyed Christ's OJCllFPe. That d..bt, ones of su?h tormidable dlmeitalons, will very soon be bralolht down to a umrn scarcely, exoeedi;'.£3000.' - That suom would have beenl much smaller, were it not for te fa lire of tihe crops during two' socessivo seasons in tie locality and conseqnent 16si of rent. I still lock to the increaso of the churhob's temporal ments t'iroghl the multiplicationtof Pdarooial Associations. Tihe o seems to be no su~loi us teasan for'ddubtiug thieir' lislitat on to this as well as to other colanial dioceses, as a mnach'nery for resobhing every rank ot the ptialdiutiers. As the duty i mire felt by the clergy to combine the people in one practical bond-which shallmaloe'thom realize' their unity an parts of the same church;, I trust that these Associitlons will more rapidly spread. :Patishos,'whllih fromtho nature of the core,. hIave no immediate initerest in the increase of - finances t''of etlhe' chibrah, should provide i for' . their ,own future, and use the present op portunity fortlhe ersablishment' of 'an endow ment fund.. :The want of partial endpwment n,,in:anychurch hasi a grievous effect upon the iparoohiallergy';ridl no layman of the Eng. a licshurch rtslhould -:- debire to see n '., ,man . ofI ?God redused' to tihe oonditio,n of such depondence upon him. ,..self,.. or' any: other man, the .fear ofl whomo resentment- may' te.mpt'him to stif8e the words ;,hich he ought to peak, rather than toadecept the alternative of beggary. for his family. Every right.thinking layman must see that. ?whil it tniay be advisable for his clerygman "'to' depend, .in part, upon the freewill :offerings .of the people,. it was the noble con senraiion i. .lan'd to bhopurposes of religion in S-dnwygone' by, 'to whiuh 'we owe the petityand "'n'dep'; iienae of' "theeiEnlish parish priest. "' Tte pisrtiil depondencn upon free-will offdrindg has a tendency to provent,thebondage of tihe piMple to 'adispotio or'self-willoed clergyman . while an entire dependence makes the minister 'iof' Geod' a slave to the prejudices of the Speople, oir' the 'nprice of the influential few. The 'colonial' Inndowncer who desires Ito see t?his church nasimila't d to the ohtirch of his ifathers; should imitate the faith of ancient 'ohurahmen. ?'They rested on the assurance that, if thoey would learn nright the lesson of "the Old Toetanment'imnd setnaside the tithe as God's? property, r'sa the 'nmeans of temporal n" support, God would provide for himsplf, and his' children afteri hiim,' the pastor whose purity of teaching rindtrutftlulness wotuld not be corrupted by fear 'oF the failure of the bread that perishoth. ' . : Since sve last met,'tlhe satuts of tle Colonial O tuirch in its relation to the church at home, has engaged the' attention of the" English Parliament. The course of events has, made 'iome clearlenunciation inevitable.' There are great anomalies arising from the undefined re .,lationin which .we stand to the church at home. What is the authority of the Ecele. ainstical Courts' over us ? What alleginnce do we owe to the Queen's supremnacy P What is the, nature of that interdependence which suhsists between two branches of the same sehlrob, oneo incorporated with the State, and the other indepnndentof it? Is the colonial church an interanl portion of the Church of • England and Iroland as our own churoh con. stitution defines it, or are we independent self izistingchurches, in union with the church whose mission we hold ? Tltesoarequestions of deep and vital interest, requiring the com bhination' of ecclesiastical learning and legal widogt for their complete solution;-questions which demand, nevertheless, the imnlodinto attention of co!onial' authorities.., ,1ljng the last sossioi'of Paliament,'tlioelate Secretary of theColonisintroduced a bill,the offeatoflthich would be to'constitato colonial churches inde. 'pendent of the mother church, and even facilities were offered to the several Colonial Bishops for hastening.its operatlions by the ?eurrender' of tl;eir "lt'tters patent.'" Mr. Cardwoll's successor expresses his intention of re.atllrming in a new 1111, during this session, the leading principles embodied in his .'own. .The Bllhop of London has takon ad vantage of the interval, and ihas endeavoured to canvass'the opitnions of the colonial churchl,, with the views I conclude, of representing her interests when the subject shoulJl come beflire the House of Lords. As his letter, which yn nuost have seen, had no official authority, I.did not think it necessary to anticipate the usual time of our assembling. As, however, you had already appointed a select committee of lay and clerical members to discuss the subject of provincial Syno Is, I regarded tlhese gentlemen: as" best entitled to represent, at least approximately, the opinions of the whole I Synod. The categorical reply which I re turned to the Bishop of London, youn will ob serve, commits nobody besides myself. Since we last met, the Master of the Rolls his do liverodtl an important judgtment, the effect of which is to interlpret more clearly the well. ,.known decision of the Privy Council. Tite effect of the t decision, Lord Romilly declares, I, ho bpen greatly mniundtrstood. Letters Patent have the effecot of investinZ a coloris 'l Bilhop, not only with those full po wera which,ol Sn eveory.age, have apportained to the opisco psal otflee.'but with a territorial jurisdiclioUn, with this dlrawb:a'k,-that, where there was no established-Chlrea, suelh Bjsllop, egpnot 'enforce his antnority withlout haing 'rocouree 'to the civil power.' lie is a titular and also a territorial Bishop, but'his !leciaiour,. and those o of.any ohqrgi court' under him, are liable to · the regision of tie co'onial legislature. In one ofithe B shop of London's questions, we ,are asked whetltler we desire any appeal from our colonial church courts to any authority at ". home.' After the recent judgmeut, it seems to me that the, Etnglish courts which lhear such appeals by 'virtue of the union 'of Church ' and Stato,-=a union whieh t places the Queen at the head of the church, may.properly reject any such appeal from the colonies as extra vires. ' We may indeed elect to'recogoiso tihe royal supremacy, but such supremnay cannot carry witl iththe same effioiency in churches not established. But should English authorities determine thiat the State has no control over matters celesinati cal wherever there is an independent legisla ture,. still such a consequence, flowing from the recent judgments, need not 'bar any appeal from our civil courts to those at home. The more I examine tite question upon both ecolesiastical and civil grounds, the more it appears to me thitat no direct appeal should lie from our.own eocleitatictil courts to tlhoso at home, hobut from our ecclosiastioal court to the .Supreme Court of tit .colony, and thlence t·o thie Judicial Committee of the Privy Councill., Thus the Privy Oonocil should pea. seas no original, but' only on "appellald authority'; -nnl thiit not by virtue of any coercive right in matters spiricual, bet only'so far, as civil, rights and liberties ro are affected by them. But there is anriother still more im portant question which underlies the entire letter of the 'Bishop of London. How is the colonial church. related, in matters of with and discipline, to the mother church ? If the colonial cliurch is pronounced to be entirely independent, what is to prevent her from .virtually drifting, by her. own determination o eooclesiastical -questions, .gradually :from uniorin ith the mother chourch? . That is the ditllohlty bn orie side.' ' The difficulty on the other.is this. If the colonial chureh'is not to become an, independent church in'communion with the' Uhited Church of England and Ir. land, but to remain, as lieretofore, an integral branch of her, I know not how such unity as is desiredcan be maintained except by our simple and unquestioning subscription to her artiolos and formularies, whatever alteration they may undergo. But are we prepared to accept tho full consequences of such snubmis asfo ivithout a voice in Convocation, or in Parlinment.? Shall ,tho,samo joint authority of'" Convocation and Parliament, 'which eoxcluded three articles in Edward's reign be at liberty to subtract other articles of faith or to add now ones, and so bind the faith and shackle. the independence of the colonial church, and bind it hand and foot ? Shall we remain powerrdas', if the Englshil Parlia ment, so differently coostituted sinceo he days of Henry and Edward, shall become Eras Lianised, or if it endorse the traitorous doc trine that the Anglican Church is a mere arnature of the state, and compel us to aban. don the notion of her being a divine institu tion -accidentally incorporated ,with it; or, lastly, if her bulwarks of dogma are to. be torn down, and her deposit of" the faith once delivered to the saints" to be surrendered in order that she may sacrifice her catholicity to her nationalirty ? Are we prepared to accept these possible results, retaining to ourselves not even thouprivilego of a vote, in common with our sister churches, but only the mockery of some feeble. prplestP . It. was :with such conviations on'my mind as to the practical consequones of any hasty legislation that I replied to the Bishop of London. Ifa change must take place, I am in favor of a gradual and transitional progress towardsocclesiaasticul as towards political independence, I would not have tlhe Colonial Church surrender her "letters patent," nor yet the Queen's so. premany; lint I would have it so defined as to leave us at liberty to choosoe our bishops either from home or elsewhere as we see fit; while I maintain that to secure' unity with the t mother church by surrendering independence I Ibr all time is to betray a want of faith in the I divine promise that Christ shall be with us to I the end of the world. The true guarantee for maintaining this unity in thei severtl brapohes of the Anglican Church 1 ultimntely..lies, as it always has, 'in the establishment of P.rovicial eynode. Their I decisions would keep in check the erratio ten dency of individual dioceses; while they in turn might be regulated, as occasion required, I by a national council of the mother church, in which the Provincial Synods might be repro nooted by their metropolitana. The fitiliti, a of communiotlion in this ago will remove many practical hindrances. For such an or ganisation the colonies may not be, for many years, ripe. I am only speaking of one to. wards which they may be aiming and prepar ing. Meanwhile, for all immediate purposes, I see no reason why the Archb shop ol Can terbury may not stand in the position of n metropolitan in churches where the a is no metropolitnn, and patriaroh whore there is n one. Theroe are marry reasons why we should rot wish to sever the bonds tlhat connect us with the mother church. There is a parallel between the training for independence in civil and in ecolesiastical matters. As a State and as a Church grows , older, the restraint of I parental government should be less and leas sensibly experienced, and the power of self government shbold be gradually attained. Nature herself teaohes us thi, leesin. In ant embryo colony, such parental control may he well nigh absolute, but soon as these colonies have grown into powerful states, soon as the early.. settlers , havo ceased to look I upon their residence in them as temporary, and to think of England as their real . home to which they - look to return when they shall have amassed sutliciout woalth, the case will be altered. But sa long as the ondoasynorts of the church have, in great part, been contributed by gqnrchmena-at home, so long as a small corn munity affords no sunficient play for different I views, and there is a consequent danger of t the church fialling into the bondage either of I in ecclesiastiosl despotism on the one hand, or of an ignorant or self-willoed sectarianismr I on the qthpr, in sunch an infanoy as thatt, tc throw? off the restraints of maternal control would be tihe reckless ant of a wayward chi'd. Tasmania' may indee4 have outrown iho C embryo condition; bhut she has not yetr, nor has any colony, except the United Sttoe, i lttained that fulness of stature which has a a right to claim exemption front home control, c that only check by which the evils whether of despotism or licentijusness can he adequately restrained. T'here is one other subject to which at least a pnssing notice lright be made. It is im possible for any largo movement to be made at Ihome without exciting a deep interest in thre colonies. The development of a higher F form of ritualism is a phenomenon which may well suggest the inquiry what is its do. ° sign, and whither will it lead? The duty ol the rulers at home hns been to ascertain how fur this siddlen movement is n protest against and a reaction from the cold and barren ser. vices which chilled the devotion of a past age, and how far it is an index of unfaithfulonse to the reformed faith and pratelice ofthe church. They who olaim for the highest ord?inance in Christ's Church a more becoming reverence, e andd itrive to ihonior thio etier by hoalricg y His own saorpmont, and claim to oseo the o terms, "sacrifice,"' "priest," "altar," iq the d simp'e seonan in which the primitive 'chhroh used thlem, should not be maligned as "false e brethren." But when mon employ such terms' o for the purpose of iriculcating the dootrinio of b a repeated propitiatory offering, such dclear o contradiction of the Word of God and of the y teaching of our scriptural church may well n excite the feelings of sound-.hearted men. ,I a nm persuaded that' much of what /wc a wilness is the reaction' from the spread o of the C- olenso heresy, nd. muchl iis e the consequence ;of the groat excitabi ity o which charactorises these timee. One think is a clear that the success of this movement is owing to a certain temper of mind, an oat I ward condition of things favourable to its a growth. No such movemont is possible on r any other supposition. The rejection 'of ill r authority from without, the growing' in tolerance of all deltled dogmatio truth, the 3 spread . of . Intitudinariunism ,verging or infldelity, thelbold denial of the inspiration of Holy Scripture, have caused a' renotion is favorofeprinciplesperhaps too much overlooked, -a reaction which, if met only witll the bitterno3s of an unsympathining partiznshlip will nilanceo the iniorests of Romani;sm. A dissenter from our communion has said tim' the ' partisan Protrestantism which was n wall of, br.ss against the demand for equality of civil iights to Roman Catholic subjects is a web of gossamer against the advances of Roman COstholie doctrine." And the reason is plain. , There is a form of pollpfu? Protestantism which denies any authority in the Church. When this authority is tolied, the denial of the cannonicity of the New Testament, which that authority darermined, follows; and then mn-t come either the still more rapid spread of infidelity, or a reaction which, if not 'restrainoe Iby the true principles of the Anglican Clur.:h, will end in schismatic and slavish submission to the Church of Rome. A thoughtful iniorpreter of the signs of the times will bear in mind that we live in an ago of mental and material nativity. The century which witnesses the creation of the railway and the telegraph witnesscs also great intel lectual revolutions. The VWesleyans erect Gothio chapels upon advancod Anglicanc models, and are no longer ashamed to decorate their architecture with tihe symbol of the Christian faith. Tihe Presayterian Church of Scotland- dares to canvass in solemn assembly the Puritan view of their traditional Sabbath, and to advocate the introduction of both organs and liturgies into their services and sanctuaries, and we even hear whispers of tbo desirableness of a limited episcopacy. In orr chroc,; for fifty years past, sacred struc tures have beeoon built more worthy the high purpose for which they have been consecrated. Th'lis ago, which has also sh:own itself so sus coptible of uthetic influeoonces, has during thi it period delighted to add beauty to the House of Ood,,nnd has attempted to appeal to the ro. ligious sense of tihe worshippers through tihe eye as ?ell an through the ear. Apart, there fore, from all doctrinal signiflaucae, some im-c provement of our ritual seems a corollary to the artiutio improvement of the snared edifice itself. Laymon have in many cases been fur. ward to demnad the changes which have exeile. ro much alarm. For my part I have always felt jealous of an unda~l devo!opnment of the sensuous in religious worship, but I do t not share the alarm which some feel about the issue of the present movement. The I aw of t the church,' settled at thle Rcformation, can be interpreted by proper nuthority, and when to interpreted will I nafhrd a suflicient safeguard against excess. All attempts to invoke fresh legisl- I tion, for the sake of pleasing one-si led men, or lur the sake ofgivian a triumol to an ex treme party on either side, is to be stron2ly deprecated. The law, as it stardls, ivill repress the efforta of those who, under the plea of improvincg the church's ritual, are so a interpreting it ns to gi a sanction to doctrines t and practices against which we halve golemnly nrqteitp-,. Thie residuum of the movement, wvhen it has passed away, will be what in rainy places is so mich required,--nn increase of reverence Ifor acred it lags, and a more realising sense of the presence of Ohrist in the c highest act of christian worehi ;. Thei whole di putc turns upon the n:eaninlg of a rubric. I That disputed rubric nanetio i--nay, it enjoins -orrnaments that " ere in use during the second year of Edward VI." 1.d it rc fae to thosen preseribpd deljuit, ly in the first prayer- t book of Edward ? . If it did, then extreme c ritualists are prohibited froti bringing back I those that were in u-o before the issue of that (irst prayer-book. It is certainly true lchat the first prayer-hook did not come into circeu lation iill thoecmmnencement of tile third year, while the rubric speaks of the second year of his reign. No doubt many of the ritualists arc honest in their view of the meaning of the rubric i but that book, thoughi not iq general circulation till the third year I or Edwacrd, was formally recognised in thbo second. It seems to me il tlhe highest doree improb'ablo that our present prayer-book should have intended to sanction all those elaborate. vestments which are distinctively t Rlomanist and not Anglican-vestments which i in their naturo contradict the letter and spirit of the Itoformation. At the same time it is worthy of romark that those prosoribed by the first Prayer Book, and the use ot whichI is clearly pormissible, are in excess of thosr permitted in the canons; but this contrariety proves to my mind that the ocmmissiou'rs, at the final settlement of the prayer-book, were I actuated by a broad and comprehnsive spirit. In suoh a spirit, if the occasion required it, in t my fatherly office I should counsel the like moderation and considerateness one towards another in all circumstanccs that admit ofI t .doubt. I shaoold acnot think it necessary to offer any I warncng which seems so little called for in thli ] country, were it act for an attempt to impede so coble a work as to build a "beautilul house for 'a I the Lord," by aseting ungencrous aspersions upon a the motives of' its romoters.. I am not esurprised Sthatlthere should be men who from intelligible t motives ofeconnmy or expediency might denline Sto help tso. Such motive I can respect But metn were to he found at the Relbrmation, and a are still, who in tite recoIl against the abhses which that event swept away, would, if they hid r had their way, have anltered the whole course of a Christian oralllp, and haveraozeli to the ground ail the termples of God, and broken down thet ?carved work thereol. Buat a better spirit was giveon to the Anglicannreformers. They respected ? antiqulty, and re-arranged the ritual and doctrine •ofiur church inosucha manner as not to ahtock. Ithe prejudices of tho,o trained itn the old systetm. ThI eir avowed principle was to retain wllatever had tile sanction of the primitive age; and, dis Scarding whatever of ortnament or Use ?avored of later, error, they yet respected, with wite dia crilninitfoll, our henutilul naoional churchcel, whose architecture Nonconformists lore to ito tate. TThoase cltuaches are nlmnumetls of tihe piety and seli-denial of the past, which hore wit-. aess in their tise to the invislele, oven annildst prevailing darkness atd superstitlion. Compre "herialvooess and a tender regard for other men's scruples; were the guiding principles of tile Reformation.; It was andvisidly that the prayor httok aad tie whole ritatl were so left as to admit eitherol a saimple or more ornate character, in order to suit the tastes or longinga of dilfferent temperaments and different ages. Imnplsive men, whose minds are filled withl but one idea, imay calldertn the latitude of the reflorters, bunt their light Ilace is outside tilee hurchl. They may use the bughear of diruption, but no effort cnal throw doubt upon the coaopehlotensive design of the reformed church, stant1pd11 utpon every per. tion of .her systell. And site b:as now 'a ever her clear duty Ielore her eye, and that duty is to steer a bold ul,nllnching course between the unyieldin. spirit of one party aund their unreason ing hatred of all that is sacred and reverent in the past; anal on the other hand, the restless de sire ol another to ahbate the wise liberty which nor church allows. I hope there are tnone in this diocese who, whatever tlheir views, will forgot the Apaostle'a cautial not to "allow this liberty ot theirs to become stnumbling hlack to them that are wea:k." It Is better to leave a large margin thin to offend the ecrailes of weaker brethren, lor roey love nand gentle re.pect I cannot too strongly condemn tie i justico of attempting to create a prejudice on such a grotnld against our efforts to bultd a modest and sia ple cathedrnl church after the example of other coloniea. If anty man ohjscta lie is free to bold back his hand, tnot let him not tamper with other men's liber. ties. It seems almost an insult to your common sense, to add that the authority of the incumbent and hishop are paramonnt in the e:athedral church and can restrain all extrawcgnnces or eccentricities. No doublt thee are here no at home differences of opinioa as to the relation he tween the external and the spiritual in religious worship. That they tlo exist atonalg tie lai y nald clergy is no matter of surprine and ecdreely of regret so long as they are hIel tenmperately, and are not suffered to emblody themselves into organised parties. Withinl rrscribed limit, malde widler accordingi as ntmen are permitted to think more for themselves, extremes rnay he overruled to correct eseh other. uam satisfloed of this, that though oniotgst oursetves there mmay he some vergilng to one etllenme nad some to anotter, none are ensations of anty feelinlr but that of lnve and faithfulnles to our common church. 1 do stronaly deprecate anty rlhianes lntroduced in our churches until the people are convinced of their dmoirnolenes., or without tie consent of the Dio:esan. All may rest secure that no predilections of my own for or against wllhat seems to he improvermnt will over hindler tile exercise of fairness towatds any section of our commonl clhurch over which I am called to pIro aide. An attempt one one side to gainl a triumph over thei other will have no favour from myself. No I Differences should call firt Ih t exercise of charity, oaid serve the purposes of christian toleration and mutual respect. Our reformers, difflrl g an o ag tlhlelcelven, learnt the lesscn of tol ernoce towards others. 'The nagreed, indeed, in pretesting aeainsl the error of trainrohbstanlitiion, whirh, to their view, rolabed tile Euchi rist of all its meanooin as a sacrament. tl hey refused to re gard thie loly Communion as a literal esacrifce; they were jealous flar the time of the very term "altar," nsed lthough it ,vws by primitive ages, lest it should be associated by the i;anorant with errors then sol!cmnly disearrled. Still, when we know, that upon "the consecration of thle ole. melts, anll the effects of Ibltis consecration, and several other point, tile ?g(ortlero differed greatly among themselves", the very fact ashould teach us tohonour each othePl's Ire(aedomt and to respect elch other's scruples. N ti ne has a right to lie positive where the reformers hesitatedl, and to claim to be a wiser judge of hidden and abstruse doctrines than the chnrel itself. Dogmatic tmen, lacking hutillity and learninlt, are the sower, of dis cord among bretlren and enetnies of the cross of Christ. Bitterness and violence are no prools of fidlelity to Chlrist It is cary to re faith lul to our own party. 'To resist it when wrong isa gal I'tithflnlesa. Qliet firmniess, tnut fierce onslaught, is the Chrilstiin' temper. The most lioeral-mindled towards those who differfrom nts will prove at last to be the really faitlhii. Is there not enough to do ou'slile the pile of our church, that brethren should be divided witnal it P Ih there no need to re-unite our lorces, highl or low or broad, in order to stetn tile tide ofl avarice, and lus at, oi irkedness, uUder thle eummono banner of ilim who died for no all P Defect or exaggeration fn ritual may be iaike da. plored, and he symjptots of differoat tendencles ; but what is either comlpared with the oil in u portant Italy of the chutrcl in statying theerrors of infldcllhy and moral evil in mnaintiaiius.the para. mount authority of Gnd's Wordt, and if living in the bontds of peace and botherly love P It is to hoped thlat our rulers inrhiurcl h asid state will have wi?dloni given them to separate the evil fromt theg ad. The increased reverence and dignity in our servicec, the more irequent eelehration of of the holy eclmllniolln, are elements of good in the recent mIovement : andl the protests agaiost tIhe ratio:lizing doctrines of the age which rejects the supernatural in thie Word ot God, and reltnees the sacrament to bare antI harreu signs. On the other hoand, I know nothing mote calcu Intel to nauiet the proiagrl of the church, or the love ol ther leashing and of her prayer-bouo, which was taking a deep and a deeper hold pont tile poploar mind, and .to darken tho prespect of the return of diseenters to hlier told, lisa tilhe attempt, not to dercltpe the church's Irue ritual, hut to make the doitullnl move of ussimitlating her services as tar as posible to those of Roome. I rejoice to see Ithat lte English bishops are folly alive to the cri.is, and are ready to restrain exceses within the limits o the law, hbut set their faces os flint ogaits?t mutilating our great itlheritance, the bo k of cnimmoo prayer. Despotic natoures may invoke the secular power, but they forget thIat E ?eglish sense il fair ploy will never sanction tIhe restraint of freodao in oneo direction ooty, and not in ant othor. Peatltes impoaed upon thoae who teaohb n too mueh must, in cotmon jurstcee, hie followed hy d penalties uponl tlhse who -nRih too lil!e It is a ihard to prove that errors of excess are more din astrous than errors of defect atrunt that oil, t rulers will withstnnd tie tempttilon to a no.eaidle, J legislation, and i lefore long the pres*nt rituanl toi Scitement will ps hs y, nother forms of excile meat have before it : nsod as soon as the waters I oave subsided, a deep deposit of richer reverence antd ai more becoming attention toexternal religion a will remain, to help and not to crash the pure Sdevotion of nor people. 1 In ny last adllres to you, I spoke of ti. removal of hindrances in the way of the return of Swhcat are calld orthodox dissent.rs to the cihutich of their lathers. It is the duty of our churt h , roemovo all excuses. 'rho nonoestablishment of the Chuorci of England in tile colonies must have taken ?away one stumoiint.-block from those whoi p'ofesv to entertain oonscientious objections to the iunfln of church and state. Thile new Clerical Subscription Art, which I have gladly introduced into'this diocese, ullowing as it does a wider liberty of thought with ouiformity of outward worship, liovites the relurn of tile foilowera of those rigid and saintly men whom our bad policy drove fronm us in a past and nosy'mpatlising age. llavidg tUegun at home to make atonement for oast errors, whether we regard the defection ol Indespedndents or of Wesloyans. and hIaving thlrrown upon theim the responsihliity of ion Sinoued nepara?ion, we may then claims to yeorn for tile union of christedlomtt. Thcere is ai manifest and wvelconmo tendiercy to e:ser comnlciono witih tile Aogllean Church oc tile part of all those re. Iormas lchurches who onst not, is the struggles of tile Iteformntion, tihe pontolio form of episco 15aay, whether we look t to the Eplsconl Church of S:otlnnd, the Lutheran Episcopal Church, or thlot of tlie United States. 'The completion of selch a ulnic,, lhappily begun, may help to dclhccisch thsc oslctaelcs that stanld in thsi way cc a union with the eastern church. So far tlhe work, to oardent and loving minds, who would not farg.t ocr ldear L.rtcl's last prayer for unity, rtlay seceln, and iocs sentem, not wholly 'bopelres; blt never until thle Chlurch nl Hloln shall abjure her c!anics to inltnlli.ility snod supremacy-never till shite dsown her right to encet articles of faithl irrespective of the icnspired records of Revelation -dare we, without tile sin of unfaithfulnes, dresm of union with her uagirnct whllose usurpations ond whose oet?roanchmenis we hlarveurnce and for all protested. I honor froml my helart the desire to mcako every lawful eouces. rlicn for thle sake of so noble alln oject as catholic unity; bht God forbid that one of n shbould accept it at tile expense of catlolic truthi-ecrip. turnl, primitive, unchangeaible truth, that one faith once, and once for all, delivered to tlhe stines. So far as this treacicery n tIhe motive of tile ritual nmovement, IIt us shaud'er to saioulder withstand it. Let us, indeed, heart antd soul welcomtc any improvement in external worsllip in the place of that h?ld ceremonial which has alienated the poor, -whose reliusll sense is reachled chiefly through their enotions; but lot es jealously gunrd our church against ally covelties of ritual which, unknown to primnitive tilme, is Itocian and not Anglican, tile symnbol of compira tively modern hereslee. Something has be n said about an association formed for promloting this union. I have been at pains of enquiringc into its nature. It has no organizatlion bleyond tile simple promise no the part of individuals to use a very simple antl short tdaily petition for the " peace and unity of Christ's Church." The Pope, indeed, has power to inhibit Itomanists from using it, nod he has exercised that power; but the charnctnriltio tolerance of the Ecglish Clhurch would no more think of inter. teritlg with sucl an assoeiation thant with tile Evtangelical Alliance. I have no wish to join either association. for though the objects of both in themselves must be good, I am afraid of all mcvements which tend to draw distinctive end party lines amongst broethren, ancd tend to keep them sepalate. In one word, tile great lesson to be learnt is one of charity nad conciliation. * W?t clever ye would that men shoul.l do onto you, do ye also uuto tlenm." Letc each of or attemipt ite work, so diflicult to some minds, of looking at ureat questions from anotller nln9 stllanding-point. Thllere are no gCearer eneomies to tile comprehensive and tole raut principles ol our church than moil of Illiberal minds, who hohl all as enemies of God who can not view truth exactly as they view it, or utter " Shibuoleth" exactly as they utter it. If we object to doahclul views or practices which do not comncerid themeolves to our minds, but yet lie within the limaits of the church's comprehen. five standards, let it he ours not to strive, much less to uehehe weapons of pelrsecution, ns the minner ofsonoe ls. Let us rather provoke one another to good works, and prove the superiority of our owncv views by the I ractical influence whiich t ey exert over our own lives and con. duct \We are too opt to Judge of those ol an opposlte school by same unfortunate and excep tional examples. Every school has always had, and will alwrys have, Its narrow.minded dis ciples, who litIlt for the form, hout miss the power, of somo gre.it ruthl which their own school was raisedl uo to guard. Tih reat Evan. gelical party, though its main olbject tIss b:et attained of witnessing against Illo Pelagisas and Sociuians of the last centtiry, has not, as some suppose, lost ill itra oigiinal lice and spirituality : nor are those of an opposite s!chIol to be nnumbered atmoncat traitors to their iodtltcr, so long as they do not conscioas y tcans ress hlel wise restraints, betcaur they yearn fur n nmore imposing ritual than that which starved the devorion of a past age, over. looked by the Evangelical movement. The exi"-once of dilT'erent seoliments pives scope ior the exercise of charity. Let us then act as brethren t l let all wrath nnd clamor be put away from its;" let as sleak tile truth in love," " hold the faith ill the unity of the spnirit and the bond of peace," and obey nuo of the mIost solnctll in junctious of thoe gre:t Apostle,-" I beseech you, by the Lord Jesus Chcrist, that yo all speak the same 'thingl , and that there he no divisions among yos, but that ye he perfectly joined together in the a me mind acl in the hsane judgment." lMay the Holy Ghost guide our deliberttionr, and enab?ln us to carry them on iu a catholic and a Christian spirit I 