CHAPTER XIX. THE CLOUDS BEGIN TO BREAK. Placing our readers (in imagination of course) on the magic carpet of eastern legend, we transfer them in a moment from the woodland hills of the Cooma district to the vessel-like habita- tion of Ben Sinnett. Time, having taken sundry short erratic flights after the manner of a carrier- pigeon, has taken wing and performed a rapid journey of two months since we last unfolded a chapter of our story; and Ben Sinnett, whom we left comparatively happy in the possession of health, a figurative table, and a one-eyed albatross, we find totally miserable in the ownership of sickness and a dread secret, that ever rose like a restless ghost to shake its weird accusing finger at him. Indeed, this dread mysterious secret had the power of embodying itself in a variety of forms, sometimes individualising itself in the person of the blue-coated admiral under the table, who looked severely at Ben as the latter sat, more like a bundle of clothes than a British seaman, in a chair made comfortable by the busy hands of watchful, bright-eyed Mattie. Sternly the old figure-head would gaze at the conscience stricken boatman, and its extended fingers, after pointing in the direction of the sleeping-bunk, would seem to twitch nervously as if in imagination untying the knots of that mysterious bundle, and just as Ben, in the strength of desperation, was beginning to brave out its stare, he would become conscious that the secret had imparted itself to the ancient sea-bird in the corner ; and there the miserable man would catch that single eye peering at him coldly and unpityingly, and anon winking maliciously in the direction of the stick and carpet bag. When he tried to rid himself of the oppression by moving actively about, stray ends of rope would be seized with a shivering motion, and dangled and shook in most alarming proximity to his neck. Everywhere he went he carried his secret with him, as if it were a loathsome corpse to which he was irrevocably chained. Once, in the dead of night, he had taken the evidences of murder with the intention of casting them into the harbour, but was almost terrified into madness by hearing a rough hail from a boat moored under the very spot from whence he intended to drop them ; and again he took them out meaning to throw them away in some secluded bye-street, but was nearly taken in custody by a policeman whose attention was attracted by Ben's guilty haste. Then it was that, like Eugene Aram, he cast himself down in despair, " knowing his secret then was one that Earth refused to keep ;" and then it was that à low wasting fever, induced by excitement, fell upon him. Now, à good many of our readers may 'pish' and ' pshaw' at the idea of any man making himself so miserable from so slight a cause, but we ask you individually, "have you ever been mixed up in a murder, as an unwilling witness, and kept the matter a profound secret :" and if the answer is (as it probably will be) "No," then we say you have not had the experience of Ben Sinnett. However, foolish or not, there he sat in the old arm-chair, alternately casting penitent glances at the bird and the table, and there also, engaged in needlework and conversation, sat his daughter Mattie and Grace Featherly, They had evidently been talking for some time previous to our entrance, for Mattie appealed joyfully to her father, " Well, just to fancy, I always said Tom Fl-, that is, Mr. Fledgit, would make his fortune. Did you hear that, father ?" " Yes, Mattie, what is it?" said the little man, humbly. " Why, Mr. Fledgit and Mr. Gushing ton, who were here you know, some few.months since-the day before they started for the diggings-«have been so lucky. They've got to the bottom of a 'claim'-isn't that what the letter said, Gracie dear ?" Grace nodded and laughed. " Well, I don't know exactly what it means," rambled on Mattie; " at all events they found at the bottom of this 'claim,' a lot of gold, in 'nuggets,' I think they call them. Oh, ever so much ! Do you remember how much, Grace?" " No," Grace didn't ; the letter hadn't stated the weight or value ; but she knew it must be a great deal, for Tom said he was going to publish a book of his poems, which he couldn't afford, could he, unless he was well off ?" observed Grace paren- thetically. And he was going to buy a house for both of them, and a pianoforte for her, and moreover hinted at engaging his late employers, Messrs. Grinder and Snapperton, as clerks, if they ever advertised in the Herald for situations. "Which is just like Tom," commented Grace, warmly; "I'm sure they never treated him very well ; but it's just as I should wish him to act, kindly and forgivingly." "And what did Mr. Fledgit say about the good-natured man who went with him ?" asked Mattie. " Oh ! Mr, Gushington ? his share will be so large that he is going to give up all future commercial travelling, and means to lay out plans to enjoy himself. I had the letter a week ago,'* continued Grace, " and they were to be down in Sydney by the mail to-day-what time is it, Mattie ?" Mattie passed the question on to her father, and that indi- vidual, with the assistance of a large quantity of copper chain, cable, heaved up a watch like a huge cockle-shell from the 'deep soundings' of his fob pocket, and after solemnly quoting the time as "two minutes over half-past three," he dropped the watch like an anchor, and payed out the chain-cable again. "I've been so unhappy about father," whispered Mattie to her companion confidentially ; "he's been so strange in his ways since-about the time Mr. Fledgit went away, and latterly he's been growing worse and worse. There ! hear that now," she said, as her father sighed heavily, and walked slowly from his seat to the inner room ; "he's taken quite a dislike to his victuals, a thing he used to be so fond of, and he's almost entirely given up his boat, and talks of ghosts, and-and-such. dreadful things ;" and here the poor girl burst into tears, and laid her head on her friend's shoulder. " Dear Mattie," said Grace, gently, " can we do anything to relieve him ? has he had a doctor to see him ?" " Oh no !" answered his daughter, still weeping ; " he says if I bring a doctor into the house it may be the means of getting him hung, because he sometimes rambles too much in his talk, and if I did get him hung he says he'd never forgive me." "Get your father hung, dear Mattie ? what on earth can you mean ? what is the cause of all this misery ?" "A stick and carpet-bag," sobbed Mattie. This explanation only still more increased the bewilderment of her affectionate friend; but before Grace could frame her astonishment into words, the sunlight on the floor was shadowed by somebody entering the house, and in another moment she was in the arms of Tom Fledgit ! * Yes, and of Tom Fledgit with whiskers, too ! for whether or not those badges of manhood had come with his years, they had certainly come with his nuggets. Grace screamed as the hairy face came in contact with her soft downy cheek, but she was speedily satisfied that the manly sunburnt young digger was none other than her own constant Tom. Not so Ben Sinnett, for that gentleman was found in the inner room trying to get put of a window several sizes too small for him, under the impression that his hour (and a couple of detectives) had arrived. Then, being persuaded that the visitors were in reality none other than Tom Fledgit and Mr. Gushington, he sank into his chair, with knees shaking and heart beating at his escape, although he professed to listen intently to the conversation. As to Mr. Gushington, he looked at Mattie admiringly, and wondered how it was he had never remarked her beauty before, and how well her golden hair would match with his golden, treasures, that was, provided she would have him. " By the by, Grace, dear," remarked Tom, when half an hour had slipped by, and all questions relative to more immediate matters had been satisfactorily answered, whom do you think we met, under most extraordinary circumstances too, while we were on the diggings ?" Miss Featherly, after a few moments' consideration, gave it up. " Why, no less a person than your mother's missing lodger, "Mr. Claston!" "Mr. Claston !" echoed Grace. "Mr.-Har-ry-Clas-ton !" repeated Tom, decidedly. "What !" said Grace, "the one who, they said, murdered-" "Not more than I did," interrupted Tom, emphatically. " I thought so once-more fool I was, too- and I acted towards him one evening in a way which I ought to have been shot for -a night it was, too, when he shared his hut with us to shelter us from one of those dreaful conflicts of the elements -" " Commonly called snow-storms," explained Mr. Gushington, for the information of the company generally. " Well, I shan't quite forgive myself in a hurry, I can tell . you," said Tom, remorsefully. " As the poet says, ' The winter wind (even on the Snowy River) isn't so keen as man's ingrau tude !' But the beauty of it is, that instead of murdering any- body else, he nearly got murdered himself that very night, you know, when his uncle Mr. Dansby was, that is, had his 'mortal coil' shuffled off for him." " Poor fellow!" said Mattie and Grace in one breath. "Yes," pursued Tom, now quite in his element: " it was that late stormy night, you know, in last February, and it seems he was going home to his lodgings at Balmain (that is, Grace, to your mother's) and two fellows were going over with him, -and when they got half-way across they grappled him, knocked him over the head, and threw him into the water-I beg your pardon, sir." This last remark was occasioned by the singular behaviour of the old boatman, who was leaning forward in a listening attitude, half rising from his chair, with mouth wide open and eyes dilated, as though he wished to drink in every syllable. Father ! oh father ! what is the matter?" screamed Mattie, running towards him, and falling on her knees at his feet. "Alive or dead ?" he cried, gazing fixedly at Tom. " Did you say alive, young man ?" "Come now, my good sir, don't !" expostulated Tom. "Alive or dead?" repeated Ben Sinnett, doggedly. "Why, alive, most certainly, if that'll ease your mind at all," cried Mr. Fledgit. Ease him ! why the only fear was that the reaction would be too much for him. He raised Mattie in his arms and kissed , her ; hé shook hands with everybody in the room, and laughed and cried alternately. Alive! thank Heaven! he could now look the old wooden, admiral honestly in the face, and it seemed that that individual, no longer held out his fist threateningly, but seemed anxious to shake hands with him and let bygones be bygones. Thank Heaven ! he could again meet the,gaze of his albatross without flinching, and in his delight the little man capered about the 9 room, and finally darting into the steerage and bringing forth the stick and carpet-bag, he threw them triumphantly on the floor, as if they were a brace of conquered enemies, and danced a war jig round them. Tom stared on in bewilderment, and Mr. Gushington began to cast up in his mind whether he could believe in his own senses, or incline to the opinion that he was, like the rest of those about him, going mad. When the excitement of all parties began to subside, Tom proceeded to enlighten them as to the evidences of Harry Claston's innocence, as brought to light during the magisterial examination at Cooma. " here is plenty of evidence," said Tom, " to prove that the actual murderer, or one of the actual murderers at all events, of Mr. Dansby, was none other than his former clerk, a certain Harley Ravensden ; in fact, Mr. Claston associates that individual with the attack made upon himself the same night ; but of this he has no evidence except the dying declaration of an old accom- plice of Ravensden's, Darby McShane. Now, as that fellow has confessed that he was one of the attacking party in the boat, what we want is some direct proof that Rav- ensden was the other." "Then here it is," cried the old man, dis- playing the carpetbag. '"The two men as crossed with me left this, 'ere bundle in the boat, and I allers said it 'ud come in as a judgment on 'em some day." "Don't touch it, please, Mr. Sinnett," exclaimed Tom, "just let it be for a few minutes. I'll bring some body as it'll be a real treasure to. You'll ex- cuse me Grace, dear, for half an hour, won't you ? this additional link may be of great service to poor Claston, and really he deserves some little service on my part after my shameful be- haviour to him on the diggings." Grace pouted at the idea of being left alone so soon after Tom's re- turn,but she soon evinced her natural kindliness of heart, and merely told him not to be long. "Long, darling ? not for the world ! when every minute I am absent from you seems drawn out to the length of ten. Besides, I shall tak* a 'Hansom;' I can afford that luxury now, you, know," said Tom, jocu- larly. "Time was, when I was glad to run behind a cab at the risk of hav- ing one's eyes flicked out with a whip, or one's hat knocked off in the dust,, which wasn't conveni- ent. Good-bye all, for the present. Good-bye, Gushington, old fellow, make yourself at home; I know you'll all excuse me." Mr. Gushington, with the air of a martyr, be- sought Tom not to mind Mm, as he could make himself comfortable any- where, which, indeed, it seemed he could, for he had settled himself down to make himself agree- able to Grace Featherly, Mr. Sinnett, and Mattie (especially the latter,) and appeared in no hurry to bring the visit to a conclusion. So they all sat and chatted of the rapid change of events which had occurred within the past three months, and laughed and were sad by turns while Tom was away. * * * More days slipped on, and arrangements were made for the marriage of Grace Featherly, for, from the very first an- nouncement of that gen- tleman's success, Mrs. Featherly asserted most emphatically that Tom Fiedgit was an exem- plary young man, and, moreover, that she had always firmly thought so. " Of course," she explained, when her former disinclination to receive him as a son-in-law was alluded to, " of course I was obliged to exercise discretion on behalf of my daughter Grace. I could see they were both young and too ardent; so I was determined a little absence should prove whether the attachment was deep-rooted on both sides ; but as to his success, why, if he had come home in rags, I should have had just the same opinion of Mr. Fledgit, because, you know, character, high moral character, is everything." As for Tom, he believed this, or at least a good deal of it, and that part about which an air of fiction lingered, he forgot for the sake of Grace; besides he had plenty to do to arrange and to think about. There was a house to be sought out, for, until he built a snug little cottage according to his own plans and ideas, he intended renting one. If we were to detail his experience in search of a suitable dwelling-house, we should require the space of half-a dozen chapters wherein to tell it. How he was enticed to visit 'desirable family residences' by seductive advertisements, which told anything but 'the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.' How the 'pleasant site' and ' extensive view of the surrounding country ' generally proved to be down some back lane of a dreary suburb, a region of clay pits and brick-kilns, where, in the front, you could get an uninterrupted view of several square yards of a scrubby-looking common, with a lame horse staggering out its last few days of existence ; while at the rear you might see a line full of clothes fluttering in a neighbouring yard, and a few provident, but felonious looking goats peeping through the back palings to determine, whether it was your intention to keep a vegetable garden.. However, at last Tom got a nice little cottage, just the thing for two,' he said, with a kitchen to cook the meals in, and a dining-room wherein to eat them; a sitting-room for her to read or sew in, and a library for him to write in, together with a bed-room. So Tom set to work, and had the place furnished snugly and comfortably, making it just such a pretty little cage as was suitable for the pretty bird shortly to inhabit it, and when every thing was completed Tom eyed the arrangements with great satisfaction. True, it wanted the finishing touch of Woman's hand to put in those little strokes which give all the grace and life to the picture ; but everything was complete save that. Everything ? no ! By Jove ! Tom had quite forgotten a writing-table for his 'study ;' he required, what he styled, a 'secretary' for the numerous papers, sketches, and poems, that were to flow from his facile pen when he got 'settled,' and where was such an article to be procured? He consulted with his friend, and that gentleman suggested 'at an auction sale.' As it was Monday, he and Mr. Fledgit sallied forth, and into Pitt-street where that incongruous assortment of household articles comprised within the limits of a needle and an anchor, were being offered for sale. After a deal of chaffering and inexperienced bidding, through which, in some mysterious manner, he had three old tubs, a clothes-horse, anda perambulator knocked down to him, Tom succeeded in obtaining the very thing he wished for. An old bureau, ancient-looking enough in all honest truth, but bearing such an appearance of having belonged to some literary man before, it was so overspotted with ink, that he was quite delighted with it. Besides, its signs of use would give him the credit of being very industrious, and save him inking his fingers a good deal, which was another advantage. So Tom got it home, and found that it fitted its destined place beautifully. Then he laid out his papers on it, and gave the little room such a literary aspect that it would have charmed any poet, but might have frightened any tidy housekeeper into fits. He sorted out his pens like an artist's brushes, as if each was to give a different colouring to his thoughts ; laid out a few quires of foolscap on which to jot ideas, and had a large wicker basket placed under the table into which he might throw them if not satisfactory. " There's only one thing puzzles me in this affair," said Tom, as he wiped the perspiration from his forehead ; " you see the back of this drawer, Gushington? I can't make it out. I've measured the top of the table, and can't make the drawer cor- respond by sixt inches. You see l can't make this book to fit in either way ; so it strikes me that to get it in, that piece of wood must corné out." No sooner said- than done ! The first tap of the hammer, and the board flew back on a secret hinge, disclosing an inner recess half filled with papers. The suddenness with which this was accomplished startled both tne operators, and, with a loud exclamation, Tom drew out of the secret drawer the identical. packet of law papers (swathed with red tape and blotched with red wax) which we saw, once before, in the hands of Mr. Dansby. It was, in fact, none other than the original will of the deceased, made in favour of his nephew, Henry Claston ; and accompanying it was a note addressed to that individual, apparently written by the old man on the evening of his death, wherein he de- precated their estrange- ment, and with all the hearty warmth of a father's affection, prayed that a reconciliation might be effected. He also expressed in the letter doubts as to the sincerity of Ravens- den's motives, and a de- termination to give his nephew a fair, unbiassed hearing on the morrow -a morrow, whose sun shone only on his ghastly corpse Î You may be quite sure this evidence of his uncle's renewal of his confidence before his death gave immeasur- able satisfaction to Harry Claston, albeit that satis- faction was dashed with regret to think that Death had foiled all the happiness that might have been, and left only a few written lines to erase the memory of parting, ever-parting words spoken in anger. Yet, when cavillers should sneer and mock at his innocence, and pin their faith to the cleverly-contrived plot by which he might have lost life and character, he could unfold that sheet of tremblingly formed letters, and defy them to prove hatred existing between himself and uncle, by this written witness saying, "Behold, how he loved him !" As for Tom Fledgit he was almost beside him- self with joy to think he had been the means of contributing so much to his friend's happiness, for, in good sober earnest, he would have given, half his substance to do that friend a service. ' ' You won't think any- thing more about that affair at the Snowy, will you, Mr. Claston?" he asked. "Think of it ! why, my dear fellow, I have never thought of it since, till you now bring it to my recollection." " I behaved badly, I know, " admitted Tom ; "but it was principally -in fact I may say wholly, on account of her.'' (Here Tom mys- teriously jerked his thumb over his left shoulder, by which piece of pantomime he indicated the future Mrs. F.) " You, know it would be. a shocking, thing to have her mixed up with any-any-murder, or anything of that sort ; wouldn't it now?" , " My dear fellow, of course it would," assented his com- panion. "Charged as I was, and with appearances against me as much as they, were, you had every reason to believe me guilty ; indeed, so mystified was I, that I myself almost fancied I had done it. The last few months of my life have been like a long stormy night, , but I have had a glorious awakening, and, I can assure you, though circumstances have deprived me of my best and oldest friend, I can appreciate with gratitude the friendship you have so nobly evinced. The morning never shines so bright as on the face of a friend faithful through a night of storm." And so Tom Fledgit and Harry Claston shook hands, and Mr. Gushington insisted on doing the same, and then they all adjourned to the parlour, where Grace had a visitor-Florence . Thorne-now looking so bright and happy, that few would have recognised her at first sight. ( To be concluded in our next. ) 