A CHANCERY LUNATIC. I " " ? I (From the Saturdayjtcview.) \ ine admirers of Mr, iteade's novels are familiar with the opinion which he holds, that the law of lunacy is systematically made an instrument of oppression and wrong. Indeed, it would appear that this opinion is not held by Mr. Reade exclusively. There is, or wus, in existence, a Lunatics' Protection Society, which was got up by a gentleman who had been con- fined, as he considered wrongfully, in an asylum. Cases constantly occur in which it is alleged, not only by lunatics, but by some of their friends, that restraint is cruel and unnecessary. Evidence is usually forthcoming in such cases that the person so restrained is, in the opinion of the deponents, rational and inoffensive, and, in fact, a person whom it would be rather pleasant than otherwise to have for au inmate of one's house. Such evidence may, at the time it is given, be difficult to explain or contradict, but it has happened before now that lunatics have become convinced of that lunacy which their friends bave doubted, and have voluntarily returned to the very condition of restraint from which well intended, but mistaken, efforts have delivered tbem. The story of a protracted case of lunacy may almost always be told in two ways, and it may be interesting to take a case which lately came before the Court of Chancery, and look at it first from the popular and sentimental, and afterwards from the legal point of view. Assuming as much as we can of the mental attitude of the sensation novelist, we will begin by stating that Mr. James Tovey, now aged 38 years, was educated at Eton and Oxford, and afterwards at St. Bees' College, being destined for holy orden. In 1853, Mr. Tovey, being then 24 years of age, wai residing for the vacation at Deal, where he formed an attach- ment to a young German lady. His father, Colonel Tovey, hearing of this affair, ordered him to London, and shortly afterwards placed him in a lunatic asylum in Epping Forest, where he remained upwards of three years. Whether he at that time showed lunacy only by falling in love with the young German lady.or by other and what signs, we are not informed. In 1856 he was removed to another asylum near Stafford, which is managed by Dr. Hewson, and he remained there about five years Early in 1862 the trus- tees appointed by his father, who was now dead, acting under emineut advice, caused bim to be removed to the private residence of a surgeon at Dover, where he enjoyed free exercise in the open air. After a year's trial of this mode of life it was considered expedient to relieve him from all restraint, and to allow him to reside with his sister, who, after occupying one or two temporary abodes, went to live, in October 1863, at Goring, iu Oxfordshire The life which he was permitted to lead at Goring seems to have agreed with bim very well. He waa almost constantly rowing on the Thames, which flows past the village, and he was very active in skating and swimming during the appropriate seasons The inhabitants of Goring and the adjacent villages have testified that Mr. Tovey's conduct while he dwelt among them was quiet, harmless, and, according to their judgment, sane ; and there seems to have been no reason why Mr. Tovey should not have been dwelling among them still,but unhappily for this poor gentleman, his uncle died last year, and he succeeded to a large fortune, which caused the Court of Chancery co take an increased interest in the disposition of his person and estate. On the 24th of February, 1866, Mr. Tovey was taken to the asylum kept by Dr. Hewson, near Stafford, where he had been confined before. On the 4th of March following his uncle died, and he became entitled to what may be called, in a new sense, damnosa hoereditas in the shape of an entailed estate amounting to about £2,000 a year, and a mm of of £60,000 which had been accumulating for the purchase of other estates. On the 4th of May a Commission of Lunacy was held at the asylum, by a Commistioner, without a jury, and without the presence of any lawyer on behalf of Mr. Tovey, and he wai found a lunatic. But the strangest part of the story is yet to come. On July 28th Dr. Hewson took a number of his patients, among whom was Mr. Tovey, to Scarborough, for the benefit of sea air and bath- ing. He was allowed to wander at his will all day, giving a promise to return at night. During his wanderings he met a lady. First he looked, next he raised his hat, and then he spoke. The lady did not repulse this overture/ and why should she? Many flirtations, producing some marriages, arise at Scarborough ; and if there is to be no beginning, it must be impossible toie.ich the desired end. We believe that the correct thing is for the gentleman who seeks the intro- duction to make acquaintance with the lady's brother or other male friend, which may be done while bathing, or by offering or asking a light for a cigar. But if the lady has only female friends it would seem _ that her admirer must heep his admiration to himself, and see her complete her months's visit, and depart without having told his love, unless she ihould happen to drop her glove upsn the Esplanade, or meet with some other accident which may justify interposition on her behalf without the previous ceremony of introduction. It appears that in the case under consideration the lady had a brother; io, if Mr. Tovey had been patient, he might have attained his object with strict regard to conven tionality. But Mr. Tovey was not patient. Ile spoke to the lady, and she did not refuse to listen. But we know that little lins lead to great lim, and accordingly this lady, who had been less regardful than she should have been of the con- ventional etiquette of Scarborough, did not hesi - tate, a few days afterwards, to commit a contempt of the Court of Chancery. If a young woman does not fear cither Mrs. Grundy or the Lords Justices, she is not likely to regard anything that we may say, and therefore we will say nothing. But the beginning having been made, Mr. Tovey proceeded rapidly to the end He explained fully his position, and staled funfcly that he wanted somebody who would take nu interest in him and sec him righted. The lady did not find that he was mad, but on the contrary, thought him a very nice young man. Her friends ap- proved the step which she resolved to take, and accordingly, on August 27th, a marriage cere- mony was performed between her and Mr. Tovey at C1 tremont Chapel, Scarborough. The bride and bridegroom spent the day together, but Mr. Tovey yielded to the obligation to return to his appointed place with the fidelity of the Ghost in Hamlet. At nine o'clock in the evening he ren- dered himself at Dr. Hewson'! house, and next day be was taken back to tbe asylum in Stafford- shire, so that he saw his bride no more. A secret correspondence was kept up between them for some weeks, but it wai afterwards discovered and stopped. The lady's friends, actitig on the authority which they allege themselves to have received from Mr, Tovey, have presented a petition to the Lord Chancellor asking that the finding of Mr. Tovey lunatic by commission may be superseded,or at the least that lui condition may be ameliorated by removing him frjin the asylum mid restoring him to that enjoyment of air and liberty which »as allowed at Goring. They pro- duce evidence of clergymen and other respectable persons among whom Mr. Tovey had dwelt up- wards of two yean to prove that he is not mad at all, or, at any rate, that his madness is neither dangerous nor disagreeable ; and they ur_e against restraint the argument which lus often been urged before, that to put a man into a madhouse is enough to make lura mad. Alt readers will probably agree that they have now had laid before them the outlines of a story excellently adapted for embellishment by an artist of Mr. Reade'* school. Some readers arc pro- bably indignant at the treatment whicli Mr. Tovey has undergone, and expect tobo informed that the Court of Chancery lim ordered his release. But the Lords Justices, before whom the petition caine last week, not only did not accede to it, but testified a strong inclination to do what may be figuratively described as wiping their boots on it. And it is proper to lay that the Court bad good legal reasons for what it did. The evidence of inhabitants of Goring ai to Mr. Tovey'i unity was answered by the remark that there never wai a disputed case in which ruell evidence was not forthcoming. Delusions may exist which may justify the imputation of insanity, and yet th« alleged lunatic may mingle in social intercourse without betraying that he is possessed by them, . The Court, w'hen called upon to decide between such evidence and that adduced in support of a oin mission, may either examine the lunatic itself or may appoint for that purpose^ a physician of - eminent skill who is above suspicion of partiality. In Mr. Tovey's case the latter course had been adopted,and the Lords Justices stated that the phy sicians'reportsatisfied themof h is insanity. What- ever else may be said of the jurisdiction exercised over lunatics in Chancery it mu9t be admitted that the distinguished Judges who exercise it-are actuated by a conscientious desire to do right. They must cither proceed by the light of their own intelligence, or they must seek the best assistance which the medical profession can supply. The popular belief that what are called mad doctors will prove anybody to be m&d; is not destitute of foundation. But the Lords Justices, can only take medical science aa they find it. There is, however, no difficulty in crediting the statement that Mr. Tovey showed himself' a month ago to be indisputably mad. The'only question is whether, if he was only disputably mad when he lived at Goring, it might not be better that he should be allowed to live there ajain. The technical answer to this question i« that the committee of the lunatic's person is the proper judge of matters relating to his health and comfort, and unless it could be shown that the committee had misbehaved or was unworthy of trust the Court would not interfere. A petition presented in the lunatic's name by friends of the lady who had ventured, in defiance of the Court, to KO through a ceremony of marriage with him, was not, strictly speaking, entitled to be heard. Such persons could have no proper loans stañdi before the Court. It was urged that, whoevet asked for the lunatic's enlargement, the Court ought to grant it in the hope, which experience showed to be well founded, that his mental and bodily health would be improved.- But the Court answered that there was small encouragement to allow liberty, seeing how it had been abuied at Scarborough. The conclusion of the Lords Justices is, from their point of view, irrefragable ; hut it may per- haps be permissible to draw attention to some considerations which appear applicable to cases of this kind, although they are nut dreamt of in the philosophy of Lincoln's-inn We will venture to ask whether that which was done at Scarborough was really so very shocking as a Lord Justice thinks it? May we be allowed, without disrespect, to hint that possibly the lady before mentioned could manage Mr. Tovey better than the Lord Chancellor and the Lords Justices, witb the help of the Masters in Lunacy, secretaries and clerki ? It may be that for this purpose a bonnet coven more true wisdom than any number of full bottomed and other wigs. We have not before ui the medical opinions given upon Mr. Tovey'i caie, and therefore wc shall not preiame to form any decisive judgment on it. But wa can easily suppose a case which is technically one of insanity ; but which, under judicious management, might pass from the cradle to the grave as one of eccentricity or infir- mity of character. If a young gentleman who ii not very strong in the head falls in love with a young German lady who plays seductively upon a cithern, and if the young lady is willing and the young gentleman's friends can afford to allow tbem a maintenance, by all means let them marry ; and it is probable that during their joint livei the world will hear uothiug anout lunacy in the gentleman. But parental authority interpoles und makes all the son's future life miserable. And when the father's control terminates by hil death the Court of Chancery steps into his place, and, with the best intentions und acting upon established rules, makes the son's last stat« more wretched than his first. The proceedings in the matter of a lunatic who has a large estate are conducted with all the solemn and cumbroul formality to which English lawyers are so de- votedly attached Suoli proceedings are profit- able to the practitioners conccrned,and beneficial to the lunatic's heir-at-law and next of kin, for whom his estate is preserved and augmented, and the only person who suffers under them ii the lunatic himself. There can be no question that the Court does its best nccording to its lights m4 the powers at its command, but it is easy to con- ceive a case in which it might heartily be wiihed that the Court could have let the lunatic alone. The unfortunate Mr. Tovey seems to come near to realizing that ose which has been sometime! treated as impossible-namely, the case of a maa who has been undone by having a large estate left to bim. One of the clerical deponent! whole affidavit was read to the Court stated that during < Mr. Tovey's residence at Goring he regularly . attended the afternoon services in the church ol' the adjoining parish of Stoke, as also the services on the Saints'-day eveniugs in all weathers, "and for these and other reasons he appeared to me to be a devout and religious man." There are, per* Imps, people who consider that a man who goes to church on saints' days gives prima facie evi- dence of his insanity ; and such people may pos- sibly feel thankful that Mr. Tovey, being immured in a asylum, is protected against indulging a ten» dency which seems to have existed in his mind to- wards rituahVra. It was gravely propounded on one side as evidence of insanity,aud denied on the other, that Air. Tovey put on tioard his boat a larg« image of the Virgin Mary, and rowed it up and down the Thames. But if such evidence could suffice to prove madness sailors of the South of Europe are, and always have been, mad. Another deponent, who was the chief constable and parish officer of Goring, stated that he lud been ' boating with Mr. Tovey on the Thames, and went with him to the Wallingford regatta. " He rowed me there and back." If Mr. Tovey bad been a dungerous lunatic, the worthy chief constable and parish officers would have been ia a position calculated to excite lively anxiety in the minda of all inhabitants of Goring. The tame deponent lays that during all the time he knew Mr. Tovay, which was nearly three yean, he always found him to be quiet and orderly. " He never got into any trouble or disturbance, and X never heard him use any violent or bad lan- guage." Another important feature in the esse wai that the only act of violence which wai dis« ' tioctly alleged against Mr. Tovey waa one which might very easily have been committed by . perfectly sane man. It would show very small acquaintance with the character of mental disease to argue front such evidence as has been quoted that the finding, of Mr. Tovey's insanity by the Commissioner' ought to be set aside. But it is possible that, if Mr. Tovey's rich uncle had not died, be would al this moment have been occupied in aquitie amusements on the Thames on week days, and iji going three times to church, at Goring or adjoining parishes, on Sundays. The Lords Justices stated that £700 a year is now allowed for Mr. Tovey's maintenance, and that they sra> satisfied that nothing could be done for his com fort and happiness more than is done for him at the asylum. It may be assumed as probable that, if Air. Tovey were allowed to live at Goring M little cared for by the Court as in tho days" when he was comparatively poor, the sea-nymph whom he met last autumn would become a river nymph. The result here indicated is doubtless shocking to propriety, and wc arc quite sure that the wig of any Lord Chancellor, past or prêtent, would stand on end at the bare theught of it But perhaps the system over which those learned4 dignitaries preside is a little too elevated and ipiritual for the capacity of average human natara., A lunatic cannot marry, and society would osQ' his cohabitation with a woman by an ugly natas. There are infinitely various forms and degrees lunacy, and we must once more guard ourselves against being supposed to pronounce an opinion, upon tho case of Air. Tovey. But that east suggests that it ii possible for the Court .!? Chancery to take a man who has a large fortUMV and is in the prime ol life, but ii a little touched in the head, and make a monk of him, and the* report to itself that the comfort and happiueis of the lunatic have been effectually provided for at; the expenditure of £700 a year. " A NEW AVoun FOUTHEFUBNCU.-A now word ali boon coinod for tho conveniouco of tho great Freno», Exhibition. Tho Fi-onch talk «nd write of " objets d'art" and objets do lavo," whioh when literally translated into English as " objects of art," ,184 ' objects of luxury" convoy a disagreeable impnt sion to tho our, on account of the socondary and evil signification which custom has conferrod in Kngland on tho word " objoct." So tho Coitiuiisaioneri have agrood to oall ovorything sont to Paris to bo exhibit«) "au exhibit." Xlioy wiy, for instanoe, "301. Ker hibita of railway maohiucry liavo already arrived, ol' which Franco contributes 152, and England only 31." CoiiAi..-Tho spooiul correspondent of Th* Tim*', at tho Qro'it French Exhibition states that coral hat rison onormously in estimation as an vtiole of jowollory. Piocos that fivo or six years ago would havo sold at 20s. an ounco now fotoh ono hundred timos that sum. Formorly, too, tho dark rod oojsl was tho most usteomod ; now it has yiolded tho píaos of honour to tho roso pink vnrioty. Whether fhil now tasto ia a moro ophomoral cnuriço that will di» out romains to bo soon ; but certain it is that ooial, whioh but a fow yours sinco held u secondary place na an artiolo of personal ornamont,now commanda is> tho rough a pneu equal to about twintytlnws its woight in gold. < > > 