Stifles of Slii atft Humour. Why cannot you'insure the life of the French Emperor ? No mas can make out his policy. Why is the assessor of taxes the best man in the world? Because he never under-rates any body. The old lady that used to dry her clothes on the equinoctial line has gone to Greenland to get the North Pole to prop it up with. ' I wish you would pay a little attention to what I am saying, tat,' roared an into lawyer to an exasperating witness. ' Well, lam paying aa little as I can,' was the calm reply. Poor Devil. — A wit being told that an old acquaintance was married, exclaimed, ' I am glad to hear it.' But reflecting a moment, he added, in a tone of compassion and forgetful ness, ' and yet I don't know why I should be ; . he never did me any harm.' If a woman were to change her sex, what sort of a being would she become ? She would be a he then — a heathen. The following bulk are from the works of Dr. Samuel Johnson : — Turn from the glittering bribe your scornful eye, Nor sell for gold what gold can never buy. Snakspeare has not only shown human nature as it is, but as it would be found in situations to whioh it cannot be exposed. The following is by Gowiey .*— Silence and horror filled the place around, Echo itself dares scarce repeat the sound. EPIGRAMS. By an old gentleman, whose daughter Ara bella, importuned him for money : — Dear Bell, to gain money, sure silence is best, For dumb bells are fittest to open the chest. Sent with a couple of ducks to a patient by the bite celebrated Dr. Jenner :— I've dispatched, my dear madam, this scrap of a letter, To say that Hiss Wilson is very much better ; A regular doctor no longer she husks, And therefore I've sent h«r a couplt^of quacks. A CWneU newspaper lattty start** to CtfU fonna is described** looking as if a number of spiders had taken an ink-bath and crawled over the paper in all directions to dry themselves, and had frequently met in tittle batches ofthree and four, and remained together for . a .short time in conversation. The XknatJcmmal Bays : — 'Wehave have just received a copy fromSan Francisco, and found it wry interesting both upside down and downside up, equally so m both positions. ' A rough looking fellow vho was recently in file North, was boasting, among other things. that one of Her Majesty's household andrhim self put up at the same hotel for the night, ' Ah,' said a bystander, 'it must have been at one of those country inns where there is accom modation for man and beast.' A cooper who was in need of hoop poles beset a '?'' to furnish him with some. ' Where can I get them?' questioned the man — 'Anywhere; Bteal 'em, if you can't do better.' The hoop poles were furnished Mid paid for, when the cooper happened to enquire of the seller where he got them. — ' Stole 'em, as' you told me to,' was the answer. — ' Where did you steal 'em ? ' — ' Oh, up in your woods,' returned the man, jingling his profits. A lady in the first society was recently obliged to ^''''' her Dune on account of an excess of firemen and private soldiers too often repeated. After choosing as. a successor to the criminal a very pretty girl, the lady, explaining why the first was sent away, enjoined on the second not to do likewise. She admitted that she shouldn't ' I can endure a great deal,' said the lady, 'but soldiers about the kitchen I won't endure.' After a week or eight days the lady came one morning into the kitchen, opened a cupboard, and discovered a youthful military character. ' Oh, dear, ma'am,' cried the girl, frightened, ' I give you my word I nsver saw that soldier before in my life— he must have been one of the old ones left over by the other girL' A farmer from the neighborhood of Galston took his wife to see the wonders of the micro scope, which happened to be exhibiting in Kil inamock. The various curiosities seemed to please the good woman very well, till the ani inalculae contained in a drop of water came to be shown off. These seemed to poor Janet not so very pleasant a sight as the others. She sat patiently, however, till the ' water- tigers,' magnified to the size of 12 feet, appeared on the sheet fighting with their usual ferocity. Janet now rose in great trepidation, and cried to her husband, ' For gudesake, come awa, John.' — 'Sit still, woman,' said John, 'and see the show.' — ' See the show ! — gude keep us a', man, what wad come o' us if the awfu' like brutes wad break out o' the water?' Something Remesibehed. — 'Well, my child,' said a stern father to his little daughter, after charch, 'what do you remember of all the preacher said.' ' Nothing,' was the timid re ply. 'Nothing.' said he severely; 'now, ic tuember, the next time you must tell me some thing he says, or you must stay away from church.' The next Sunday she came home, her eyes all excitement. 'I remember something,' said she. 'Ah ! very glad of it,' replied the father; 'what did he say?' 'He said,' she cried, delighted, ''a collection will now be made.'' A Tempting Reward.— A Mrs. Smith having lost her husband, advertised after this fashion : — ' Lost, strayed, or stolen — an individual whom I, in an urgent moment of loneliness, was thoughtless enough to adopt as my husband. He is a good-looking and feeble individual, knowing enough, however, to go in when it rains, unless some good- looking girl offers him her umbrella. Answers to the name of Jhn. Was last seen in company with Julia Harris, walking up the plank road, looking more like a fool, if possible, than ever. Anybody who will catch the poor fellow, aud bring him carefully back, so that I can chastise him for running away, will be asked to stay to tea.' — American paper. Exchange no Robbebt. — A New York paper , says that an Irishman went into the grocery store of Mr. Driggs, and after looking around remarked that he would take some biscuits. The biscuits were dooe up ; he took them, held them a minute, and then said : - ' Come to think, I believe I am more dry than hungry, and would like it if you would take the biscuits back, and let me have a bottle of beer instead.' The exchange was made, and Paddy started, when Mr. Driggs called him back, telling him he had not paid for the beer. 'Why, yes,' says Paddy, ' I gare you the biscuits for the beer.' ' But you have not paid for the biscuits'' ' Well,' said he, ' and haven't you got the biscuits?71 lie left Mr. Unggs to work out the problem at his leisure. Coventry used to be regarded as a place of punishment ; now it seems to be a place for ' tall ' eloquence. Here is what a Coventry Cicero said on presenting a gold watch to a clever public lecturer :— ' Take it, Sir, and wear it wherever you go ; and may the sound of its beating give ease to your throbbing brea9t ; when cast down with, the cares and anxieties of public life may those hands remind you of the swiftness of time, and that duty calls you to your post ! Every tune you wind it up may new ideas spring up in your mind and give a fresh impetus to your exertions ! aud that hope, with the strength of a lion, may avenge when battling with the enemies of liberty and progress in this our glorious country.' No Yankee in his highest flight was ever so grand as this ; such an one could only have improved upon it by saving something about going upon 'tick.' A mendicant made a good deal of money by an unconscious habit. He was a loud-spoken bronzed sailor, whose story used to end with 'I lost my precious eyesight at Kingston, in Jamaica, with a heavy flash of thunder and lightning.' Now, it was one of his ways that when interrupted in his narrative he would not recommence it, but take it up at the point where he left off. He was a very hearty blesser, and the form of blessing he adopted was the simple and dignified exclamation, 'God bless and reward you. ' The boys of a school near his place of business found the secret of bringing out 'this with a rather emphatic antithesis. They would wait until he had come, in the course of his narrative, to the end of the word 'Jamaica,' then the coin was tilted into the hat, and duly followed by the acknowledgment, 'God bless and reward you — with a heavy flash ?of thunder and lightning.' A Sample of Stage Slang.— What queer language is used in theatrical advertisements ! For instance, only look at this :— ' Wanted, to Open Immediately, a Few Useful Utility Ladies and Gentlemen ; also, a Good Juvenile to com bine Walking Gentlemen. A Good Private Ap pearance Indispensable. Money sure. To save time, state Lowest Terms. No stamp. Three days' silence a negative. Stars may write at once. Mr. EL' L. will oblige by sending Scrips at once for Easter week's Bus.' — ' Useful utility' seems rather a redundancy of speech, as much indeed as talking of black negroes, or white snow. And how is ' a good juvenile to combine walking gentlemen ?' la he to come behind them slily, and pin their coat-tails together? If so, we should bo apt to call him a bad boy, rather than a good juvenile. Then, how odd it seems to stipulate for a ' good pri vate appearance' in an actor, and say nothing whatever about hi« public appearance, which certainly must be the more important. As to what on earth is meant by ' sending scrips for Easter week's bus,' our wits have baeii bo much congealed by ihe cold winter, that we own we are completely at a loss to give a guess. MISSES. I do not love Miss-Fortune— To her arts I bid defiance. And I never should importune To marry Bibs- Alliance. I've hated Miss-Construction Whenever I have seen her ; So I should not, by induction, Much care for Miss-Demeanour. But of all the misses various,' That are of horrid pain The cause, like grinders carious — The worst is ' Miss A Train !' Sewed-DP. — A French paper draws attention to the illnesses which sempstresses suffer from putting the silk with which they are sewing into their mouths. It states that the poisoning arises from the presence of sulphate of lead, which, silk being sold by weight, is mixed with it by some manufacturers to make it heavier. We trust the lead weighs heavily on their con sciences — if not, it should be attached to their heels when they suffer a deserved lf suspension' of business. A correspondent asks us why the London papers charge for the insertion of marriage and death notices. For the very best of reasons, we suppose, inasmuch as one is an advertise ment of co-partnership, and the other of disso lution. Business is business. In Richmond Church, Surrey, is an epitaph on a certain Bobert Lewis, who died in 1649, 'and who was,' says the epitaph, 'such a lover of peace, that when a contention began to arise between life aud death he yielded up the ghost to end the dispute.' The London Review, in an article on a new play at the Olympic Theatre, says : — ' If the piece fails in any particular, it is as a show of legs— the ladieB, with two exceptions, being singularly ill-provided by nature in this respect. ' For testing gold or silver, slightly wet the metal and rub gently with lunar caustic If genuine gold or silver, the mark will be faint ; out, if an inferior metal, it will be quite black. The Roman Freemasons have forwarded a subscription of 500 francs to the Committee formed in Paris for the purpose of erecting a memorial to Voltaire. The Cape Copper Mines Company (Limited) have issued a circular stating the yield for the past year, though in excess of former years, does not warrant the payment of a dividend at the preten time. THE Jumpers.— Old bachelors mnst be very happy to think that as this is not leap year they cannot be compelled by the fair sex to man the fatal jump through a wedding-ring. 