Turf Gowip, Bl PulTBQT, WSDXSBBlt AfTBMKXW. The betting market still oantinuee in e irery depreeitd. state, epeouJetiOn being quite dormant, end any smalT Tenter** km'^he Launceeton Cbempioa Bece ereeo ommrn ecribed, that the bookmeken, to**ing their in ability to get toimdi e»;«eitlei» toopereto to enyextent. Out of the fowteeh horiei efc pietent in the *eee, not one»beif ere inquired; aflfer, end,Wtth. the exception of Stoop, ell the betting to oonAeed to Mr.BidiaVenfl Mr. ftait'e eteblet. 7 Volunteer, now that he hie again made fair appearance on the training ' round; looking nvabend #e|V'anTl/going; keebird, toe greater MTbuiite then titer.• end eten money, whet little: ^thcttentodrtorh bWtttfce'lj deoided/toyonnttoinkeej for the btheri, WdBtoib to i Jtoidt bit own in fin loididi'lh 1 SSrhe^^ at mm^Wl 'ieboar anile kbodnd - wit; ^n)°y<Kl exeerteSt sport,* J# }h*t, ti*® .fading .Tuffite# nifet on' the evening of; ttylast day, andsubsorib'ed £600' between theto for a fourth day's amusement, and that Mr. Dicier Hamilton, who acta the weetMpgulam6ngstthem,wasprwentedorithe Stage of the theatre wit h a burse containing 60 . W bis services in bringing the, meeting Off so suCCessfully. The Nelson people not tp v6!benuidband wilh tli&r; neighbours, have intimated theit' intention to give next year a Nelson Cup of 600 eovs., added to a sweep of £2Q each.. Verily they are a go-ahead people in t the Maori country ! I am told by a , well capable of forming an opinion, tind who was present At the C&nterbuiy; rftoop*L that the whole business was conducted moit ' ab#, that the grand stand might vie with thst at ASeot, and that the turf is laid down with English grass, The railway conveys the people to within half a mite of the courae, ttie horses looked well and in splendid condition, and the racing throughout was excellent. Betting iuid racing men from all parts of the country were present, and transactions both i numerous and extensive were entered into. Here is an opening for some of the surplus stock which we have at present in the ring. There is a good deal of business going pn on the trainibg:ground in the mornings—horses doing their gallops and sweats, getting up the muscle for forthcoming engagements. It would have been a caution to layers against Volunteer had they seen the old horse stride along the other morning. He would go in spite of the boy on his back, and Sam looked as white as a ghost when, after all his roaring to stop him, be saw the veteran tearing along at a pace fast enough to win a dozen Champion meet, running right away from ; but' that would be " tellings," and interfering with the business of the touts. By the by, what has become of them ? I should have imagined the present an excellent opportunity for dis playing their talents; but perhaps the hours are unseasonable for such gentry. It is a fine, healthy recreation to get lip at four o'clock in the morning, and make one's way to the Baceconrse Hotel, and enjoy a cup of coffee, with a slight sensation of tiger's milk in it, and see all that is going on upon the racecourse. One can pick up a thing or two about the horses; anyhow, one is certain, at an events, to pick up an appetite for break fast. Now that trainers are again at work I would suggest to the trustees that a few loads mora tan laid thinly over the present running ground would be very serviceable; what has already beep done has been of incalculable benefit to the horses taking their exercise lately. 1 hear everyone speaking of the great improvement the thin coating of tan laid has effected on the track; and a alight replenish ing, which could be done at a trifling cost, would keep the course in aetata all that could be wished for. . A lot; of valuable thoroughbred mares and foals, about half-a-dozen, the property of Mr. William Brown, had a narrow escape on Sunday from being drowned, and otherwise injured, at the Newmarket Hotel, on their way to Mr. Brown's farm from Bsrwon Park, where they had been paying a visit to Boiardo. At the rear of the hotel there is a large tank, with eighteen feet of water in it, and dose to it is a trough. The mares were driven in to drink, and whilst standing on the top of the tank, the covering gave way, and the lot , were pre cipitated into , it. Assistance, was imme diately procured,, owing to ite being Sunday there were few persons on the spot, and after a deal ,of trouble and narrow escapee the whole were got out with rope* and other applianoes without iiy'uiy to one of them, although It was three-quarters of an hour before the last was hauled oat of the hole. The next week's programme for entries, Ac., contains nominations for the Mansfield Han dicap, on the 11th t on the 12th, acceptances for the Balisrat Miners' and Corner Handicaps are to be made; and, nominations .are to be seqt in for the Tuharoop Handicap and Mary borongb Town Plate, as well as for the Avoca Handicap. And on the 18th entries are to be made for the Australian (Jup. I understand that the Easendon Baces will not come off on the' 16th, as was originally intended, the Heidelberg, stewards being first in the field for that day. They will probably.be advertised for The following week. And, as 1 higfop in ray , tat* the Tullaroop Eaoea are postponed to the 21st jind 22nd of March, giringpienty of time forhoipes engaged at Melbourne to by their look there. Mr., Tuber will positively sell his .racehorse* and. >eariings after the V.B.O. Autumn Meeting. . . ., • BATES! BETTING. XATTlrCXBtOX C&UCFIOK; CtV. Xven agst Totnntoer ogferad, * fo * hAem 6 to 1 Strop Iftk;) 6 — 1 Fishhook (tk.) 10-1-—8sagall(tk.} •■■■•>• • 190—8^-—Wjfrwfck.. . ,; . Rom oou> onv. 6 to 1 sgrt The Bsrb (off) 100 — It Y«ttaniloo(tk,) lfo-12—-OtaWMfflst " Ofltn' CUP. irgeilO U ■ImiM-il!j > .Vsll^isi) inm srwcivttH ! '"'1 J,» fr J.-.m-J 