Our Portfolio. SUMMER EVENING. THE stream is calmest when it nears the tide, And flowers the sweetest at the eventide. And birds most musical at close of day, And saints divinest when they pass away. Horning is lovely, bat a holier charm Lies folded in the evening's robes of balm ; And weary man must even love her best. Far morning calls to toil, but night to rest. She comes from Heaven, and on her wings doth bear A holy fragrance, like the breath of prayer; Footsteps of angles follow in her trace To shut the weary eye of day in peace. All things are hashed before her, as she throw* O'er earth and sky her mantle of repose; There is a calm, a beauty, and a power, That morning knows not, in the evening hour. "Until the evening " we must weep and toiL Plough life's stern furrow, dig the weedy soil, Tread with sad feet our rough and thorny way, And bear the heat and burden of the day. Oh! when-our sun is setting, may we glide, Like summer evening, down the golden tide. And leave behind up, as we pass away, Bwe*t, starry twilight round onr sleeping clay. Svfbbstitions.—There is a truth lies in them all. They are founded severally upon certain insights and thaumaturgic powers, whioh are never alien to nature when harmonious man appears. Magic itself is but the evil application of the science of correspondence. Nothing is more evident to-day than that the men of facts are afraid of a large number of important facts. All the spiritual facts, of which there are plenty in every age, are denounced as superstitions. The best attested spirit stories are not well re ceived by that scientific courtesy which takes off its grave hat to a new beetle or a fresh alkaloid. Large-wigged science behaves worse to our ancestors than to our vermin. Evidence on spiritual subjects is regarded as an imperti-. nence by the learned, so timorous are they, and so morbidly fearful of ghosts. If they were not afraid they would investigate, but nature is to them a churchyard, in whioh they must whistle their day tunes to keep up their courage. As the matter stands we are bold to say that there is no class that so little follows its own rules of uncaring experiment and induction, or has so little respect for facts, as the hard-headed scientific. They are attentive enough to a class of facts that nobody values—to beetles, spiders, and fossils, —but as to those dear facts that common men and women, in all time and place, have found full of interest, wonder or importance, they show them a deaf ear and a callous heart. Science in this neglects its mission, which is to give us in knowledge a transcript of the world, and primarily of that in the world which is nearest and dearest to the somX.^ Wilkinson. 