~~THE ENGLISH BING. ~ SLASHING AND DETERMINED FIGHT BETWEEN SAM HALEY (LATE OF LEEDS) AND GK PROBERT OE BIR- MINGHAM, EOR £50 A SIDE. (From lielVs Life ¡ii London.) Tlieso midland bruisers met according to articles ¡it Ost 81b, for £100, when a linc buttle WHS got off, fortunately with- out interruption. Tho mon ¡ire not unknown in listie aimais, Haloy hoing nu undefeated mun [laving repeatedly appeared within tho magie ring. He is in his 30th year, 5ft 7in. high, his battles being as follows:-Beat Young ji'L-orinick of Leods, after a tough engagement of 2h IStnin, wherein Sam. displayed extra- ordinary staying powers. This was in tho autumn of 1S5S, after which we do not hear ol' him until 1861, when he vanquished .fi. Head, thea of Newcastle, for £10 aside, in 19 min, which induced his backers to match him against TOMI M'Kelvio of Leeds, tho latter forfeiting. Some two years since he met and defeated Young M'Nulty of Birmingham, for dG50 aside, iu the northern circuit, in little over half an hour. His next essay was with Nobby Hall of Birmingham, which resulted in a draw, Sam having tho " pull" at the liuisTi. Some six months since Sam's backers slaked a " tenner" for a match with Dan Crutchley, thc quondam Jiirmingham AVondor, but Haley, not approving of thc engagement, forfeited the money. I'mbert's backers now sought au opportunity for him to distinguish himself, and some little ditfei'ouce existing between the men, a match waa ratified to box at Ost Sib, for £50, a side, to come off in tho Birmingham district on Tuesday, December IS, over 30 and under 50 miles from home, it being understood to be Sam's last appeal to arms, he having relin- quished the Prize Bing in favor of the Turf, among thc habitua of ?which his universally straightforward ¡iud sportsmanlike character have won him hosts of friends. He trained at Basset Pole, near Tamworth, under Tom West, ami was for some time a stable companion of Peter Morris, in his late engagement with Hohlen. Helias for his standard the Birming- ham ¡irías, surrounded by a crimson border. Ch Probert, a comparatively untried mau, is 21 voa rs of agc, stands 5ft Oin, and has twice previously appeared within tho ropes, his open- ing campaign being with Jack Mack of Bir- mingham, one of tho Itickerby school, with whom he made a draw, after some two hours' engagement, in which, however, George re- ceived the lion's share. He subsequently, some «me months since, met Dan Crutchley, and, ¡it'icp a gallant contest, was again obliged to put " up with a draw, the most unsatisfactory of all li util'*, although George had decidedly a strong '.. pull," and Dan, somehow or other, did not turn up to renew the contest. This brings us lo his present match, for which ho was carly pl.u-ed under tho charge of .Tem Hodgkiss, the veteran trainer, who brought his man to the post iii lirsl-rate trim. A long trudge brought 0 i he party lo a capital spot on the confines of (rloiicestei's'iire ¡iud "Warwickshire, where a. ring was quickly prepared, into which Probert threw lu's'cap at 10:5, Haley quickly follow- ing suit, and winning the toss for corners. The lads having disrobed, their hands were ne joined at IS minutes past 10 for THE EIGHT. Ihnind 1. Ollera of 5 to -I on linley met with no response, ¡mother point was conceded, and nt (1 to I- ¡i good amount was invested, linley ttripped in remarkably lino fettle for milling operations, being of a wiry conformation, and jwitli a bright skin ; he stood au inch over 'Probert, and was also longer in the reach. [Probert is a .still-built ¡md a well-developed lad, pring line arms ¡iud shoulders, as well asgood pins lo stand upon. After ¡i short spar George cisiived on the ribs, but Haley got out-of dis- tance. At ¡i second attempt he landed on tho numlh, but was countered on tho snout, the notation being very visible in a "chip out," 'ur which Haley's second claimed first event, mt ¡is blood could hardly bo said to be visible, lae claim was not allowed. They rushed to a ..Ilise, and after a sharp struggle for the fall jot h were down side by side. .J. Killey landed on the right cheekbone, but us countered on the mouth ; more exchanges ai t!ie dial followed, when a mutual rush H-ougbt them to close quarters, aud some navy hull-arm hitting was followed by Probert iwing his man down. ;i. Jiotli were well up to timo, and each eager o get on. Some terrific exchanges opened the Broueedings, the frontispiece being the object of Sttailv, during which Probert returned the com Jlimeiit on Sam's nose, peeling tho same, and a laim of first blood was made by Iiis seconds, But disallowed, both showing the ruby siniul Rmwiisly. Tliey then rushed to a close, when Kinley cleverly back- heeled his man. H I. Probert* visited the masticators, Stun Bmtntering sharply on tho left ear, and driving Bum-: a good body-blow,, followed his mau up, Bal laired him through tho ropes. H ">. I'robert gave Sam a steadier on the chest, Ealey countering smartly on tho side of thc Hut. Some rattling deliveries followed at long Binge, Probert sending home a rib roaster, but Bas .' collared" in retreating on tho right temple ; Brilliert again on tho body, and got hotly Bmntered on thc left eye, and in retreating ?cut down in a hurry, a claim of first knock ?nm for Hidey being overulcd. ? ti. Both got heavily on tho dial, Probert on Bc m.irk, when they closed, and both fell a .Birster after a line struggle for thc fall. Wi. Both being eager tor business thoy soon Hied conclusions. Haloy lauding on the head, Hrubert visiting his favorite spot on thc ribs, Bill fureing a close, Sam threw his mau very Bb'. After a couple of shots on tho dial they got ?k'cflier, when Probert put tho hug on, and ?tera long struggle for the fall both went down Hil nu damage was done. ?0. 1 iuley imule a rush, and carried on ii run , Bug lire nu tile dial, boring his mun down at the ? Bl"--', (¡corgo not forgetting to play thc drum 1 R> the budy. ' HlO. Haley again rushed at his mau, and after I B"» terrillic exchanges at tho ropes, in which ( Hliirk wus as good as his master," Gooi-go got ?'?ll. Sam came on with his impetuous rush, ; Bllmieil (1 uorge to the rope», when tho latter || Bli'-ivil him, and, putting the serow on, a long '(?»le ensued, Haley drumming tho ribs aud ,t Hy'»g the best of the fall. A brilliant bout, both laying on right and . ?. regardless of consequences, . aud they 1 BjtJ'Helled away merrily at tho head and neck, *1 BP Haley slipped down. a IF This was a thoroughly bustling round, u Kiev hering his man to tho ropes, but George H^'d his wily out, and landed heavily ou tho ' HT, «hen Sum followed him round tho ring, fi Vi1 mutu,u exchanges they closed, timi ii mr Werc down, fide by uide. ll. Ha loywas first up to'-time. Long sparr- ing for whirl, tho-paco beginning to toll. George let drive nt tho body, but waa short, when Sam made a rush, and bored his mau to tho ropos. Some livoly shots ou tho dial, and George got down to avoid. 15\. Haley carried the battle into Georgo'u corner, where nomo rattling shots were exchanged, aud the pair closing carno dôwu in H tight embrace, amidst loud appeals oí' "gouging," of which there woro "six ol' ono and haifa dozen of the other." .10. Another rush on the part of linley, who bored George to the ropes, collaring him round tho neck, but Probert forced him down against the middle stake. 17 to 10. Brilliant exchanges, Haley showing tho bettor paco, George boring in and lauding repeatedly on the mark. Give and take with- out flinching was the order, tho pair evidently meaning business. 20\. Prom tho sharp work of tho preceding rounds both showed unmistakably flint they had been in tho melee-Haley's forehead lumpy and his nose peeled, Probert's right cheekbone also skinned, and his oyo contracting, and mouth swollen. After a couple of left-hand deliveries they fought to a close at the ropes, where much execution was douo, Tom again on the right optic ; they then grappled for tho fall, when both went down over tho ropes. 21\. They got to eloso quarters at once, and some sharp libbing was followed by a wrestle for tho fall, and both measured their lengths sido by side. Porty-ihc minutes bad now elapsed. 22\. Haley landed a hot ono on the jaw, which caused a serious look on the part of George. Kapid .countering ; Probert on the loft oyo, cutting it and turning on a tap. Sam fought his way to a close, and both were down side by side. 23\. Both pasted away nt tho nut, Haley visit- ing thc nose with telling severity, Probert on the cheat ; a close, and both " grassed." 3 to 2 offered freely on Haloy. 21\. Probert looked anxiously about him, but when they got together some heavy punching toole place all round thc ring. linley bored in and by some rapid half-arm hitting he worked to a clone, when the pair fell together. 25\. Thc rapid pace began to tell, Haley's nose leaking. After fiddling to recruit tho bellows, nome heavy shots at long range woro exchanged, somewhat in favor of Haley, who frequently got on thc snout; they thou fought to a close, and both were down sidebycide. 2(J. Probert slow to time, but terrifie ding- dong exchanges ensued, tho blows falling with tho regularity of clockwork ; until they closed near thc ropes, and both were down side by side. 27\. They rushed at each other, connie ring simultaneously and closing. A long struggle for the fall resulted in favor of Haley. 2S. Another rattling bout, both laying it on with hearty good-will, and in thc fall that followed a close, Sam was undermost. 20\. After a few feints and light deliveries with the left they closed, and a long wrestle for the fall resulted in favor of Haley. 30\. A clipping bout, both goiug in with the , utmost determination, and pegging away right and left all over thc ring, until they closed at the ropes, aud Sam was tho first to reach the ! grass. 31\. Probert made a vicious lunge, but was short, Haley following him in tho retreat and visiting thc jaw effectively. Probert in :i second attempt placed ono to his. credit on tho mark, when they closed, and Probert had tho best of tho throw. 32\. lîoth linder difficulties and reeling from distress. ¡Sam bored his man to the ropes after some iiicU'eetual attempts on both sides to land, being wide of tho mark, and both wore down side by side. .'33. Proberfc got homo ou tho mark, anti in retreating slipped down. 3-1. Both too groggy to do much execution, and,aftcrafow well-intentioned sho ts which tailed to get homo, George in retreating got down in a hurry. 35\. Both .slow to obey tho timekeeper. Sam got slightly on thc beale, George returning on thc mark mid got down. 30\. Sam got on with thc right on thc beak, already much out of form, and George in attempting to land slipped down. 37\. After an attempt to land, Probert was down suspiciously, but being accidental, from the slippery state of the ground, he at oneo re- newed tho round. Sam got twice on the dial, George placing a little ono on tho mark and slipped down. 3S. George slow to time, but when up they got together, and some good half-arm work followed, breaking away again, and investing sundry long shots. Probert got well home on the conk, drawing Sam's ruby, who in retreat ing came on his beam cuds. Time, Iii. 39\. More wild deliveries tit long range, both visiting the dial and closing fell, George under. | 40\. Both seemed getting weary of the task. ! Haley, however, made ouc of his old rushes, lind pinning George afc the ropes, fought him ! down. j -ll. Thc deliveries were again very ¿slow, and frequently wido of the mark. Probert planted j on thc left oyo, cutting it, Sam on thc chest, j and foll from weakness, neither having tho re- j quisito via to perform advantageously, and j things looked much like coining to ii dead lock. . I 42\. Probert came up refreshed, und landed ti tolling shot on the left chook, which, rousing all Sam's .dander, ho had his revenge in a rapid cross-counter on tho ivories, and after some good deliveries closed with Iiis man, throwing him, and adding Ms weight to thc fall. So much did both seem recovered in this bout, after their prostrate condition iu the preceding, as to cause much surprise to tho bystanders, who had looked for a tcdious,y?«a76'. 43\. Moro lively proceedings, both fully aware of tho task before them. George dashed a vicious ono at tho head, but was out of range. In tho second, trial ho delivered a rib-bender, but recoived on tho nob one-two for his pains, Sam carrying ou a running fire to the ropes, where they closed and fell, Haley under. 41\. Haley was the first to respond to thc call of time. Some terrific hits were exchanged, somewhat in favor of Haley, who punched his mau to tho ropes, and boring him down, fell heavily on hun. 45\. Both showed much punishmonfc about tho phiz, Haley's forehead "knotty," his nose skinned thc entire length, and the left eye con- tracting ; Pro oort's blinkers approaching ob- liviousness, right cheek bone out of all shape, besides being skinned by about the size of a '?walnut. They soon got to eloso quarters, and sôiho smart half-arm exchanges wore given and réi'oivod, until they broke away, and 'nguiu tit oilt-fighting getting on the nob, Sam forcing his mau down through the ropes. 40\. After some desultory shots, Probert aggin down auspiciously, and waa cautioned. .1-7. Without imicli attompt ntpunehing they closcd, Probort getting tho crook on, but was cloverly" baek-heelcd. ?IS. Haley rushed after his niau, who just escaped a malicious uppercut from Sam's right, G-corge repaying the kind intention by landing well on tho mark, but was fought down. '18. Mutual exchanges, Groorgo bored down at the ropos. Time, Hi 20min. 00\. Haley, who was up first, had all tho pull, getting well home on the masticators, closed anti threw Goorgo a burster. öl. Sam followed his mah to tho ropes, through which ho partially bored him, George having ono leg outsido tho ring, when his second acting as go-between ho was unceremoniously placed, hor* de combat iu an undignified position by tho opposing party, and a ficreo row looked a certainty. George got down weak. 52\. When order was restored George got i tho hug on, and succeeded in pulliug his man ' over, but had not sullicient strength to render j tho fall efficacious. ! 53 to (51 and last. Probert was falling away weah, his opponent felt his way cautiously until suflieiently recruited, when ho set about George \ right anti loft, tho latter struggling most ' gamely with his fate, and coming up round after round, when there was not the ghost of a chance of altering inattcrst, and, wo aro con ; viuced, against tho wishes of his seconds. He was in M. pitiful state, and at tho G-lth bout, when he could scarcely keep on his pins, his seconds induced him to resign, in consideration of a pecuniary " softener," which no one who witnessed his game efforts to save his backer's ' money could begrudge. He was naturally much I mortified at his defeat, and showed an cxtraor , dinary amount of punishment about his dis fturecl nob, whilo Haley was anything but ornamental to look at. Although tho lads, at the commencement, fought somewhat shy, never was a fight witnessed with a more ! thorough determination to win, ¡md punishment I takon with better grace ; indeed, a better fight , could hardly be conceived, and so say a host of piigilists px'esont. 11EMABKS. Haley lias acquitted himself to thc entire satisfaction of his backers, and has proved him- self a clever two-hauded fighter, his chief failing being a too strong predilection for rushing, ?winch with some mon might cost dear; still ho exhibited great generalship, and fought in a fair : manly style that did him great credit. That he is hot-tempered was abundantly proved, but it : must be remembered that the combatants had ¡ theirknife into the hilt," and left no stone ; unturned in their laudable endeavours to give ' euell other a good hiding, ia which, it must bo eon fessed, they succeeded. As this is ad- mittedly Sam's last appearance in tho P.lt., ho will have thc satisfaction of re- tiring an undefeated niau. Of Probert it would he dillicult to say too' much i in praise of tho extraordinary gameness he dis 1 played in tryiug to avert tho resiilt,andalthough ' he got on repeatedly, ami fought on pretty oven terms for a number of rounds, he ' was clearly over matched in gencral . ship. lt is to be hoped that his friends will rally round him with that helping hand . to which his genuine efforts in the present ¡ encounter alone so justly entitle him. 