A lew handkerchief has tnide its appearance at Paris, called ihe "J^pants";" it is very pretty being white, with two broad bauds ot different colors round the edge, and the flag of Japan embroidered at its four corners; it is very mnch in vogue at present, and certainly merits the ra'm of originality. A WRINKLE FOB HOUSEKEEPERS.— In Belgium and Holland linen is prepared beautifully, because the washerwomen use refined borax, instead of soda, as a washing powder. One large handful of borax is used to every ten gallons of water, and the saving of soap is said one half Forlicesand cambrics an extra quantity is used Borax does not injure the linen, but it softens the hardest water. A teaspoonful of borax added to an ordinary-sized kettle of hard water, in which it is allowed to boil, will effectually suften the water. THIS SIDE UP.—" We saw Jake nailing up a box, the other day, containing some articles which he intended sending by express. From the nature of the contents we kueff it was essential that the box should not be inverted on the passage. So we ventured the suggestion to Jake to place the much abused ' This tide up /" etc., conspicuously upon thecovcr. A few days after we saw Jake. ' Heard from your goods, Jake J Did they get there safely ?' * Every one broke!' replied Jake, sullenly. * Lost the hull. Hang the Express Company !' ' Did you put on " Thi6 side up," as we told you ?' ' Yes I did ; an' fur fear they shouldn't see it on the kiver, I put it on the bottom tew, confouud 'em !'"—"Editor's Drawer," in .Harper's New Monthly Magazine. SELLING A BAILIFF.—Some time ago, near the town of Moutgomeiy, a bailiff was in possession of a cottage. As may be supposed, his presence was most obnoxious to the other occupants, and they determined to employ a rase to get rid of him. Accordingly one stormy night the bailiff was treated with two very delightful ghost stories, and to move bis superstitions still farther, he was told that " Tom the Pavionr," a notoriously bad character of times past, aud "Screechy Sail," a halfwitted creature who it was said had hanged herself on a tree in the garden of the cottage, on stormy and wild nights nsed to disturb the peace of that place. Tie bailiff was too wily to digest the "soft sawder," but presently he heard distinctly an unearthly shriek in the back, eo thinkine he was hoaxed, in his shirt sleeves and minus his hat; he can ont into the garden vowing dire vengeance on the cause of the disturbance. No sooner had he crossed the threshold than the door was locked upon him. Fearless still, though isolated, the courageous limb of the law stood his ground in the pitiless"rain and blast. Soon a muttered growl assailed his ears from somewhere close by, bnt the matter of fact heeded not, but in bravado bellowed ont, "Don't think you can come over me like that I" He was then leaning againBt a tree, when suddenly, as if from the very heart of the trunk, a screccli of the most dismal and piercing description came forth. The now thoroughly scared man could stand it no longer, so without a moment's delay be took to his heels, and nished into a" dingle close at hand- Nothiug more was seen of him until next, morning, but during his absence his distraint had become null and void, for it appears that the " goods and chattels 1 ' had disappeared. No doubt they bad been surreptitiously removed elsewhere after ''Old Sail" had played faer pranks so effectually. " OALTFOENIAN MABBLE.— About four miles from Snisun City, California, is a deserted quarry that yielded once the finest marble in the world The quarry was of the finest order, but the quantity was hardly sufficient to justify working it attCe price of labor. The marble is of the finest texture, and coloured with all the . seven hues of light, woven into combinations.' matccless in their beauty. . It is susceptible of a polish rivrflidg the famed Parian or Carrara marble, and were a palace built of it, it would, outvie in splendor even the " glittering Partite-! aon" hewn from the Fcntelicos. Some years ago, while operations were being carried ton, a large block was sent to Pari^. fend .pronounced by the bpst jndges the m&st; beautifal ever discovered. The largest and most brilliant block .. ever taken out was lost atsea while on the ray to Europe. [ADVEEHSEKEKIJ'— Holloway's Ointment and Pills.—Lumbago, Derangements of the Eincys, BhehmBlasm. Tic-Doloreaur--—All excracaatang pains of the muscles snS nerves are relieved with a£tamdiiii$r ; rapidity by the use of this extraordinary Ointment. The" affected parts. preTKmdy fomented with warm water, have oiny to be briskly CTibbed witii tbis'-soofii-^ ing Unguent to obtain insbmtieBse. • WhBrfrtbe Oint-^ roent enres Uie local ailment theJKllfi remove Hie can-,: ctitattoml disturbance, and regelate cyexyjlmpaired function of every organ -tjiroaghont the lraman boqy^ The cure is ratbeMoaiparaiy nor Superficial, bat perr: miinent aud complete,' jiind the disease rarely recurs, «0 perfect lias be<ai thc fmriiication performed by these searching yet harmlcaB preparations. * - 