WHITE HILLS POPULAR READINGS. The first of a series of these entertainments was held last night at the Oddfellows' Hall, White Hills, and was very fairly attended. The programme submitted was a very good one, and included several well known songs, which were well received. The readings were (got up by the committee of St. Luke's Church, for the purpose of augmenting the funds of the Common School in connection with the Church, and the committee cannot but regard them as a success. The chair was occupied by the Rev. E. G. Pryce, who ex pressed his pleasure at the " Popular Readings " being commenced at the White Hills, as the peo ple residing in Ithat locality were in need of some amusement of that kind. The readings had been very successful at other places, and he had no doubt if the committee iu that locality carried out their work in a proper manner, their labors would be attended with equal success. He re ferred to the system prevalent at other places of encoring several of the performers, and stated that the committee had decided not to allow the system to prevail there. After a few more re mark?, the Chairman called on Northcott's Band for an overture, which they responded to by playing one, popularised by the Christy's Minstrels, in very good time. Mr Evance then sc lg " Cheer Boys, Cheer," in good style, ana was succeeded by Mr Iluggard, who read rather too quickly a.piece entitled " The Execution." A Bong " Beloved eye, beloved star," was sung by a lady who was rather nervous, and followed by one from Mrs Friswell, " The moon behind the hill," which was sung very well. An Irish reading by Mr M'Nalty was followed by the duet, "What are the wild waves saying ?" sung by Miss Howe aud Mr Hobbs in o. very pleasing manner, and was loudly applauded. A song by Mr Bray, "Dublin Bay," was well received. A song by Mr Brown, "The Cameron men," was sung in capital style, without accompaniment, ami brought the first part of the entertainment to a close. After an intermission of ten minutes, Northcott's Band favored the audience with an overture from the opera of "Martha," alter which Miss Howe and Mr Ilobba sang the duet, "All's well," which was well received. Mr Brown gave a capital recitation, entitled "Negro slavery," which was very brief, and was loudly applauded. A song by Mr Harden, "Little Nell," was sung very fairly, and was succeeded by a r -ding by Mr White, concerning the adventures of two Cornishmen iu Loudon, which was very amusing, and was highly relished by the audience. Mrs Friswell sang " The Bonnie Hills of Scotland" very nicely, aud Mr Evance sang •' Long parted have we been," which was very well received. Mr Friswell read very well the " Ghost scene," from " Hamlet," after which Mr Bray sang very sweetly " Beautiful maid of my soul," accom panied by Mr Matthews on the concertina. Mr Matthews then gave a solo on the concertina, which was heartily applauded. The chairman then rose and said he bad to congratulate the committee on the successful manner in which the readings had been carried out, and moved a vote .of thanks to the.ladies and gentlemen who had assisted in making them a success, which was carried by acclamation. Mrs Huggard accom panied several of the vocalists on the piano. The playing of the National Anthem by Northcott's Baud brought the evening's amusement to a close. 