Humors of the Day. HARD TO PLEASE. ONE reader cries your strain's too grave, Too much morality you have, Too much about religion; Give me some witch and wizard tales. Of slipshod ghosts with fins and scales And feathers like a pigeon. I love to read, another cries, Those monstrous fashionable lies In other words, those novels Composed of kings, and priests, and lords, Of border wars, and Gothic hordes That nsed to live in hovels. No, no, cries one, we've had enongh Of such unpleasant love-sick stuff. To craze the fair creation; Give us some recent foreign news, Of Russians, Turks, the Poles, the Jews, Or any other nation. The man of dull scholastic lore Would like to see a little more Of first rate scraps of Latin ; The grocer fain would lcnrn the price Of tea and sugar, fruit and rice ; The draper silk and satin. Another cries, I want more fun, A witty anecdote or pun, A rebus or a riddle: Some wish for parliamentary news, And some perhaps of wiser views, Would rather hear a fiddle. The critic too, of classic skill, Must dip in gall his ginger quill, And scrawl against the paper— Of all the literary fools Bred in our colleges and schools, He cuts the greatest caper. Another cries 1 want to see A jumbled up variety, Variety in all things— A miscellaneous hodge-podge print, Composed (I only give the hint) Of multifarious small things. I want some marriage news, says tnfcj t It constitutes the highest bliss To hear of weddings plenty; For in a time of general rain, None suffer from the drought, 'tis plain, At least not one in twenty. Some signify a secret wish For now and then a favorite dish Of politics to suit them— But here wrest at perfect ease, For should they swear the moon was cheese, We never would confute them. Of grave, humorous, wild or tame, Lofty or low, 'tis all the same Too haughty or too humble. So brother editors, pursue The path that seems best to you, And let the grumblers grumble. What kind of braces do ladies prefer ? Em braces. Why are jokes like nuts ? Because the dryer they are the better they crack. A Bemedx fob hard Times.—Ten hours' hard labor—well worked in. A Discovery.—How many feet has a horse ? Six : fore-feet in front and two behind. If you visit a young woman, and you are won, and she is won, you will both be one. Sweedle thinks that instead of giving credit to whom it is due, the cash had better be paid. Why is a piece of sterile ground like a certain toilet article ? Ana.—Because it is bare soil (bear's oil). Why is an address pronounced on board a ship like a finger ring ? Because it is a decora tion (deck oration). " Toby, what did the Israelites do when they crossed the Red Sea?" "I dunno, but I gueth they dried themselvos." We often hear of a man " being in advance of his age," but who ever heard of a woman being in the same predicament ? A Dabk CosmrDßtTM.—"Sam, why am de hogs de most intelligent, folk* in de world?" " Because dey nose eberjthing." "Did he hit you on purpose?" asked the magietrate. "Och, no, yer honor," said Fat, be jabbers he hit me on the head, sure." Mb. Queby wonders if, when Night falls, she dosen't hurt herself ? She probably does just about as muca as day hurts herself when she breaks. A CoNKKCTicn man says his way of driving rats from his premises is to catch one, dip it in red paint except the head, and let it go again. He finds this plan effectual. At the General Sessions four men were in dicted for stealing beans. A gentleman present asked another, " What hare they been doing ?" " Bean stealing," was the reply. It has at length been discovered that the long-talkedfof individual in the " brass coat and blue buttons" is brother to the man who wean a weed with a white hat round it. An Irish witness in a court of justice, being asked what kind of " ear-marks " the hog in question had, replied—" He had no particular ear-marks except a very short tail." A Would-be gentleman, the other day, called at the post-office, and displayed his ignorance of natural history or the French language, or both, by requesting to be supplied with s stamped antelope! A Washington paper, in noticing a number of patents just granted, says: " Dan Tucker, whose namesake has been bo often]referred to in connection with an arrival behind the time for supper, has received a patent for a gimlet. A Damsel was asked, "When a lady and gentleman have quarrelled, and each considers the other in fault, which of the two ought to be the first to advance towards a reconciliation ?" Her reply was, " The best-hearted and wisest of the two." One of our exchanges, in noticing the pre sentation of a silver cup to a contemporary, says: —" He needs no cup. He can drink from any vessel that contains liquor—whether the neck of a bottle, the mouth of a demijohn, the spile of a keg, or the bung of a barrel. Cool Compliment.—An acquaintance the, other day meeting with a lady friend in the street, passed the word, " Fine day Miss D." " Fine!" exclaimed the shivering damsel; "my feet are cold as ice." " Very likely," was the cool rejoinder; " I have always said you had a ti'ice foot." Cookeby-Book.—" Has that cookery-book any pictures .<"' said Miss 0. to a bookseller. " No, Miss, none," was the answer. " Why !" exclaimed the witty and beautiful young lady, " what is the use of telling us how to make a good dinner if they gite us no plates ?" A Delicate Question. —" Why is the letter d like a ring ?" said a young lady to her accepted one day. The gentleman, like the generality of his sex in such a situation, was as dull as a hammer. " Because," added the lady, with a very modest look at the picture at the other end of the room, " because toe can't be wed without it." An auctioneer was much annoyed by the low bids of one of his customers, and offered five shillings to any one who would put him out. A large, ferocious looking individual approached the unfortunate offender, and in a whisper loud enough to be heard all over the room, thus addressed him : " My friend, you go out with me and I will give you half the money!" A Man who advertised to give " the best of sound, practical advice for a crown, that would be applicable at any time and to all persons and I conditions of life," on application by a victim, " per mail," sent the following : " Never give a | boy a sixpence to watch your shadow while you ■ climb a tree to look into the middle of next week. I It don't pay." A Texas paper, which is published in a noted duelling and fighting region, in speaking of the death of three men, one of whom was killed in a duel and two in rough-and-tumble fights, says : i " They each, as is customary in this vicinity, I died without the aid of a physician !" and then ' adds : Such instants of death are exceedingly ! rare in thoroughly Christian communities." 1 An Englishman was extolling Jainacia as a fine island to live on, when a Yankee auditor , declared that he'd been there, and found ii was about as mear a place as the cholera ever visited, and that the beat families had nothing to brag of in the way of living, a* he could prove, i and make the Englishmen admit on-the spof. " Prove it, then!" indignantly exclaimed tl • latter. "Very well," said the Yankee; " I put it to you, as a man oflionor, if many of your fi at people don't live on coffee grounds (plantati< na) the year round ?" The Englishman saw^ the point, and so did the company, and all ji ined. jin a " smile"—at the Briton's expewe. 