MR MONTGOMERY AS RICHARD TI-IE THIRD. Long before the curtain rose at the Theatre Royal oil Saturday ovening, tho house was crowded in every part by an audience eager to witness the second of Mr Walter Montgomery s Shakespearian impersonations — Richard the Third. Tho character of Richard is one with which all playgoers are familiar. Tho Richard ninl ilio Richard of Mr Montgomery are two very distinct things. Iu all his impersonations, Mr. Mont gomery evidently thinks for himself, ami acts out his conception with consummate skill. Considerable doubt has hsou expressed us to whether what are termed the ' innova tions' which distinguished his Hamlet ceuld be successfully applied to other Shaksperian characters. Tho verdict of the audience on Saturday night seemed to be an unmis takeable approval of Mr Montgomery's stylo in ' Richard the Third ' also. Mr Montgomery was called before the curtain at the end of cach act. ? Tho applause— which ha never courts by any action foreign to his p'.ivt — was caruest, and, at the end, enthusiastic, a pcrfcct ovation greeting him on the fall of the curtain. Tlio other parts ware , generally well filled'; Mr Harwood .as Hcnry tho Sixth, and Mr' Lambert ; as Lord- Stanley , beipg .both dignified and impressive., .The Elizabeth.jOf Vice Cleveland gave, full force, to t^.o. emotional passages, although in scuio po^nts thc 2'aUios was slightly in excess of whaY was required. Mrs Walter Hill as tho Lady Anne was want ing in power in her first interview vrith Richard, but in the chamber scene sho played with unusual spirit. Mr Vincent, who has littlo to do as'Riohm*nd, was nevertheless very effective. Richard of York was capitally playod by little Miss Downey, who seemed to have her lesson by heart, and to have been schooled well nigh to perfection. Mr Hennings has painted three new scenes — the Tower, Richard's tent, and tho battle-field. The tent is a wonderful scenic effect, and the audience wero nst slow to acknowledge it. An opening at the back, admits of tho four ghosts apppaari.ig at the same time, which is a decided improvement npon the old practice of sending them up through tho stage trap-doors, like so many jacks-in-tho-box; 'This evening, 'Hamlet' will be repeated, and on Tuesday,' Mr Montgomery will appear ns Benedick, in ' Much Ado about Nothing.' 