"Well, tho second session of Parliament for the year of grace 1807 has com menced ; and it is to ho hoped that some practical good will come of it. Positively it taxes one s patience to look gravely on at what, with all due reverence, we cannot help calling this storm in a tea-cup, which has been raised about tho Appro priation Bill— particularly when such im portant matters of vital interest to the material prosperity of tho State which are now pending, as, for instance, the now railway loan and other momentous public questions, are put on one side for it. Tho Governor has opened tho business of Parliament with a gentle homily to the members of both Houses, in which he tells them—" Your joint endeavours to arrivo at a satisfactory solution of the ?uestions to bo considered by you will, most earnestly trust, be blessed with success ; and I do not doubt that, follow? ing tho example of the mother country, the Legislature of Victoria will show their hoarty appreciation of tho free Constitu tion which the colony enjoys, and their capacity to administer it for the benefit of tho people at largo." Isl there any solid reason why this exhor tation from Sir Henry Manners Sutton should not be promptly and without diffi culty complied with by both Houses ? Wo can sco none. On the one hand, it is plain that tho Legislative Council have a certain amonnt of authority given them by tho Constitution Act, to exercise a veto on tho hill which appropriates the taxa tion of the country to tbo public service. And this authority it is useless to gainsay whilst that act remains unaltered. At tlio same time, it is to bo expected that dis cretion and moderation will mark_ their conduct in roferenco to the exercise of that authority — that they will not lightly make of themselves a barrier opposed to tho due progress of tho public business of the Legislature. On tho other hand, it is only fitting that the Assembly should not needlessly put the Council on their mettle, and defy them to the exercise of that authority to veto tho public expenditure, which tlio Constitution Act vests in them. There must in fact be moderation on both sides, if parliamentary government is to go on working smoothly for the common good. Is this grant of money to Sir Ciiarles Darling n thing of such moment, that the misunderstandings arising between tho two Houses concerning it should ho permitted to stop the way, and bar all progress in reference to other public business of an important and urgent character? Wo must say it is not. As far as giving tho L20.000 to tho ex- Governor is concerned, thoro are con siderations which even those who condemn the course that that ill-starred gentleman took whilst presiding over the Govern ment of the colony, must own to bo of a kind that carries some very great weight in their favour. lie was cut off midway in his career as Governor, and a certain serious pecuniary loss resulted in ponso- quenco to him. _A very largo section of the community is of opinion tliat_ some recompense should "be made to him on that account. The majority of the Legis lative Assembly concurs in this view of the public out- of-doors; and last year tho House, acting as it believed in con sonance with that condition of publio opinion, pledged the faith of the colony to making this compensation in tho form of a grant of publio money amounting to L20.000. This then is what must not he lost sight of by Parliament— namely, that the publio generally approve of the grant, and that the popular branch of the Legis lature has pledged itself to make that I same grant ; and last, but not least, that for such a paltry amount— paltry as com pared with tho resources and ordinary expenditure of tho country— this great British community could not possibly stoop to the meanness of repudiating this, I which has now become " a debt of honour" on the part of the colony of Victoria- I We are not now presenting the aspect which the question presented when it was first mooted, and before tho word of I tlin nnlnnv wns Dasscd for the payment of this sum. If it wero a question of pro- 1 posing this grant now for the first time, we 1 would, for reasons which wo advanced on I former occasions, raise our voice against it. But it has long passed that stage. It has assumed . the form of a claim I to tho recognition and discharge of which the plighted troth of the colony has been given. And, as it appears to us, we must say with all due deference to those who differ with us, that it is not possible to avoid paying this grant without a shabby j I violation of the honour of the country. Wo concede this much to the Ministry 1 and their supporters. Whether they will 1 | have a duo appreciation and a clear under- 1 I standing of our candour and impartiality 1 is of no consequence in our eyes. We I seek only that what is right should prevail. I The payment of the grant thus being I conceded as an imperative obligation on I tbo State, the question for tho Ministry I and the Assembly to consider is, how best I they can give effect to the discharge of I this obligation, and the .payment of- tho I money in time to bo of some practical I value to its intended recipient. The inscr- 1 tion of tho amount as uu item in tho Ap- , I propriation Bill seems to antagonise the > I Legislative Council so greatly that, ap- parently at least, the members of that House will not consent to it in that 1 form. We should have imagined that if I they consent to the grant at all, it is of very little consequence whether tho amount is registered in the ordinary Appropriation Bill, or in a separate bill by itself. Bat if | I the Council is willing to nsscnt to tho grant in the latter form— that is, em bodied in a bill by itself— we cannot com prehend why the Assembly should bo unwilling to humour the Council so far, I and put the grant in a separate bill. If the Council consents to granting; the 1 money, there is no longer any principle at I stake. Once tho Council, we must repeat, I declares that it consents to Sir Charles Darling getting this sum of L20.000 out I of tho public moneys of Victoria, it is only I splitting straws to raise the point whoth'cr 1 it will pass tbe Upper House as a clause I in the Appropriation Bill, or in a littlo bill devoted solely to tbo grant itself. T.his, then, being the state of tbe . case, we venture to suggest, in tho interests not only of peace and harmony between the two Houses, hut also of the progress of publio business, that the Ministry should I eliminate the Darling vote from the Appropriation Bill, and send it up to the Legislative Council in a separate bill. By taking this course, the Ministry will show a spirit of conciliation, and will also test | the question, which has not yet been I decided, whether tbe Council intend, 1 under any circumstances, to give their I consent to this grant of money to Sir Charles Darling. If the Couneil reject this bill, and thereby signify their deter- I mination not to agree to giving this money I to the ex-Governor, then it will be time enough to incorporate the vote in the I Appropriation Bill, and thereby resort to an extreme measure to give effect to tbe promised bounty of the State in favour of Sir CnARLEs Darling. But' until tbe Council take this decided course, we must say we regard it as an uncalled-for pro ceeding on the part of the Ministry to have recourse to the insertion of tlio vote in the Appropriation Bill. '' Tlie new session of Parliament was yptned yesterday by bis Excellency, the Governor, with tbe usual ceremonial. The speech was very short, and merely intimated that the Eillmates would again be submitted to the legislative Assembly ; and if political affairs would p'ctmit, a bill for raUing a loan In the London money market for tbo purposes of ralltvsy extension would also be introduced. Tbe pageant over, kon, members of bitb Houses adjourned for a couple oi hours, and tben proceeded to business. I a the Assembly tbe address in reply was moved by Mr. Williams, the kon. member for Maldon,1 who, being neatly got up for the occa sion, delivered bis few. trite,, cut -and dried sentences in bis most elegant style. Mr. Stiiltj tbe newly-eiected for 8outh Grant, not having I been introduced' ioto tbe House, the tisk of secondiog the address fell to. Mr. Byrne, member for Crowliuds. The address, which as usual was mtrely an echo of the speech, having been drawn up by n committee consisting ;of Mr. M'Cuilocb, Mr. M'Caw, Mr. Cope, Mr. Beeves, Mr. Byrne, and Mr. Williams, a dtbile was I commenced by Mr. Duffy, who took this occa sion to stats bis opinions upon tho Darliag vole, I mid the mode which is bting adopted for its passage through the Legislature, Mr. Higin- bo thorn replied, but his speech wes less forcible than uaua1 ; but from the tenour of his remarks it WB9 to be gathered that in tbo event of tbe Appropriation Bill being again rejected, tbe result would bs followed by no appeal to tbo country. The debate was carried on by Mr. Gillies, who expressed bis views clearly and concisely ; nnd Mr. G. P. Smith, who made n good speech, and was more temperate in his remarks than usual. The lion, member for South Boutke was rather severe on Mr. Duffy, who in his address had referred to anomalies, and Mr. G. P. Smith took as the greatest of all political anomalies tho lion, member for Dalbousie him self, who on tbe other side of the equator wns n rebel to the backbone, and an this side a Minister of the Crown and tbe recipient of a State pen- «lnn. When Mr. Lnicton rose to make his few reniarks, ami cceupied the Houso for something like an hour in travelling over the same ground that lie so often wandered over in tlio course of last session, thero wero only some flve-nnd- twenty members present. Mr. Vole afterwards addressed himself to the Chair and the deserted Opposition benebe, and then Mr. M'Lcllan delivered one of his long, incoherent speeches, in which he denounced tho Government nnd their doings in strong terras. The dreary debato wns Anally rdjourned until this afternoon, on tbe motion of Mr. Jones. In the Legislative Council yesterday, Mr. M'Croe moved that a committee of Ave members be oppeintcd to draw up a reply to the speech of ills Excellency in opening Parliament, naming Messrs. Fraser, A'Bockett, Cole, Degraves and himself as the committee. The motion for a committee was carried ; bat B9 a ballot wat re quested by Mr. Fraser nnd Mr. Slrachan, that mods of electing tbo frauters of the reply was resorted to. The committee thus appointed are Messrs. Anderson, M'Crae, Mitchell, Slndcn nnd I Murphy. The reply ' to the address will bo I brought up 'to-day. Tbe other business was I unimportant. I Mr. Jones gave notice in tbe Legislative I Assembly yesterday, of bis intention to move for I a select committee to icquire into tbe wotking I and management of the Industrial Scboels in tbe colony. This step has been taken owing to tbe frequent investigations which arc held into tho conduct of tlio officers' of tho institutions at j Prince's Bridge and Sunbury. Tbe operations at Toorak will, it is expected, be so far completed by lite 1st prox. that upon that date the Governor will remove thither from I Cbarnwood-house, St. ICilda. I The following are tbe names of tho gentlemen who have been eeleeted by the Governor in I Cjuncil to act as a commission to carry cut the arrangements for tbe reception of H.K.H. the I Duko of Edinburgh Tho Hon. James M'Cul- 1 loch, M.L.A., Chief Secretary (chairman) ; I Sir W. F. Stawcli, Chief Justice; Hon. G. F. I Verdon, C.B., M.L A., Treasurer ; Hon. J.G. I Francis, M.L. A., Commissioner of Trade and I Customs; Hon. T. H. Fellows, M.L.C. ; Hon. I I John O'dbanatsy, Hon. A. Michie, Q.C. ; Mr. I I David Moore, M.L A ; Captain MaoMahon, I I M.L.A. ; Hon. Sir James F. Pointer, M L.C. ; I I Hon. Captain Cole, B.N., M.L.C. ; Hon. Sir 1 I Francis Murphy, M.L.A. ; Sir Redmond Barry, and Mr. William Williams, M.L A , Mayor of I Melbourne. This committee has been well I chosen, and can scarcely fail to give satisfac tion. I Wo have Inserted a few of numerous letters I received by us, professing to answer the matri- monial advertisement which recently appeared in I the Mansfleld Courier, those wo have selected I for suclt prominence being apparently genuine productions. We must now, however, close our cilumns to contributions on this subject, sug gesting to thesa who are still anxious to try I their mathematical lrn owledgo upon it, the pro priety of addressing their correspondence to tbo Mansfleld advertiser. An appeal was argued in the Pleasant Creek Court of Mines recently, in which the United Company were the appellants nnd the Nortli- | umberiand Company the respondents. The United Company purchased their claim a few 1 months r-gn from Mr. Ord, es offlctal agent of I tbe Court of Mines, who sold it under a winding- up order for tho sum of L425. The same com pany have sloeo expended a considerable sum in working their ground, and the dispute arose about a small partian of ground which the Northumberland Company alleged tbey held legal possession of prior to the sale of the ground to tbe United Company. Tbo merits of I the case were not gone Into, as an I objetion was raised by Mr. Presswell I that the notice of appeal given to tbe I Northumberland Company was informal. The I Judge reserved his decision in the case until tbo I next sitting of tbe Court of Mines. I A ghost has manifested itself at Trentham. The correspondent of a Kyneton journal tbus I refers to the supernatural visitor : — " There is a I good ghost-story afloat here just now, referring to tbe unfortunate man Patrick Kean, who was I recently drowned in this locality. It appears I that a Dutchman is employed by Mr. B.'ckley to I drive tbe engine on tbo Columbian Gold Miniog 1 Company's claim, and he declares he has seen a I ghost, aod that it is no other titan that of poor I Pat. Kean. According to the imaginative Dutch- I tqan, while he was working on the mine on tbe 1 night shift last week, and oiling tbo connecting- 1 rods, he bsbcld the apparition of tho unfortunate I Kean, which gozed at him, 'looked into tbe shaft, crossed over tbe mullock heap,' nnd tben vanished in the direction of the fatal bole in which he wos I found drowned. Many folks here about are in- I credulous ; but tkeDutchman sticks to his story, I ami is sure ' he saw dc ghest in da foine moon light."' I Several accidents occurred In the city and . I suburbs yesterday, and in each case the sufferers , I were taken to the Melbourne Hospital. Joseph Saunders, a drayman, wns driving two carts loaded with stones through Elizabeth street, when he was lcnorked down by n passing buggy, and filling beneath one of his drays, tho vehicle passed over him ; hut ho was not seriously in jured. Rlcbsid Henry Stead, while driving a spring cart along the Brighton road, was thrown out of his conveyance by another coming in con- | tact with it, and sustained an injury to his ribs. A lad named John Cummins, aged ten years, was climbing a tree at the Yan Yean, when he fell and fractured his left thigh. Thomas Harrison, oged thirty-seven years, was ridibg near the White Hotsa hotel, Mulgrave, when, tlio animal shying, lie was unseated, and frac tured both arms. Mr. Francis M'Donald Miller, of Carlton, has shown us an invention which is of a most inge nious kind and is perfectly new to this colony, though something like it is said to exist on the Tbames. - I t is a propelling power for steamboats, and Is most simple in its application. - An ordi nary briler, which requires a very small Are to it, is used to generate steam, which. Aniline its way down a number of pipes — in tbe most simple form, -down'ono pipe— obtains an exit near tho stera of the vessel,. This place of egress is in a recess, made in such a form that the steam play ing on the space at the mouth, uuder water, preduces'the motion. A retrogada motion can be ptoduced by pipes being made to give vent in the opposite dirctien to tbe ordinary ones, and the steam being shut off one set into tho others by means of valves. Mr. Miller showed us a small mode), driven nt considerable speed by tbe propelling power of only a small bailer heated by spitils of v.ittc. He contemplates construeling a sm ill steamer on bis principle to ply as a private | pleasure-boat on tbo Yarra. If the mode of emplo)ing the motive power is of sufficient capa city, which Mr. Miller asserts to he the case, the invention is a most important one. An <xpei!i:lon of n seinl-comracrctal, semi- filibustering character is being promoted at Bal laarat; with the object of forming a setliement on tbeimportant island of Papua or New Guinea. We obtain from tire Star the accompanying in formation respecting tto proposed organisation : — "It Is proposed to form a largo party of ICO or 150 men, well armed and numerous enough to defend themselves against attack, who shall proceed to tbo bland for tbe purpose of thoroughly exploring its mineral treasures. For this purpose each member of the party shall , subscribe from L100 to 1.150, which shall be devolcd to tbe chartering of a vessel of from 300 to 4C0 tons, finding provisions, arms, clc., and for tho other exponses necessarily attendant un an enterprise so extensive aud si expensive as this would be. The small orms are to be re volving rifles and revolvers ; nod tho ship is to be provided with cannon of different kinds ; of these, seme will be used on shore for tiro purposo of fortifying a stronghold, should such a precau tion be found necessary, while tbo rest will be retained for the defence of tbe vessel. It Is In tended to have tho party regularly organised under a leader and other officers, inclusive ol a surgeon, etc. Cjre is to be tsksn that all eon- fiict with tlio natives shell be avoided If possible ; and it is intended that should tho country bo found n.favsurnbio place for settlement, ta form one where others than gold miners may exercise their Industry nnd enterprise. A9 tlio island is very mountainous, having ranges rising above the lino of perpetual scon-, aud there are several excellent harbours, it is possible, should the enterprise bs carried out nnd good judgment exercised, that nn important opening miy be made for tho restless energy of a number of Australians," A special meeting of Iho Board of Agriculture was called for yesterdoy, but lnp-ed, as a quorum of members wns not present. Tbe council of tbo I board sat and made arrangements connected with I tho prize list for the forthcoming national show. I Mr. Leermonth, M.L.C., moved that no sheep I bo allowed to compete for prizS3 except ia the I case of a certificate of cionnlincs) accompanying I them. This was carried. The following dUtrl- I bution of the L50 voted Inst year ns apiizs for I colonial wines was agreed upon . — For wine of I 18G5, red and white, six battles of cacli, LV2 10s. ; I for wine of 18G0, red and white, six bottles of 1 each, L7 10s. ; nnd for that of 1367, divided in n I similar manner, Lo. It was agreed, on the motion ef Mr. Dalglicsh, seconded by Mr. Smith, that n prize of L10 be award d for tbo best port able stcam-cnpico for farmicg purposes. The dato of the national show was left to a committee to Ax. Judges wera appointed to act at the forthcoming show in the various departments. They nro as lollow: — Butter and Dairy Pro duce — Mr. Duncan Robertson. Implements — Mr. B. C. Porter. Machinery— Mr. Smith. Wines— :Dr. Blcasdale nnd Messrs. J. Campbell, Claud Faiie, Edward Wild, and J. A. Panton. I Ales nnd Spirits — Messrs. Murpby and Co. Miscellaneous— Mr. S. Ivitson. Aged Draught Stock — J. Dalglelsh, Youug Draught Stock — Mr. Hepburn. Blood Stock — Mr. Harper and Mr. Tnttersali, of Kirk's Bazaar. Neat Cattle I — P. Russell. Hereford, Devon, Galway, Ayr- I shire, Alderneys — Mr. Learmonth. Mr. F. I Peppin and Mr. S. Lang. Long-woolled Sheep I — Mr. S. Austin anil Mr. D. Mnepberson. Swine — Mr. Hoffman and Mr. Graham. Poultry —Mr. James Mason. The funeral of the- Daylcsford children took place on Tuesday, at the local cemetery, in tho presence of the most numerous assemblage that bos ever congregated in that town ou such an occasion. It ii thought that from 500 to 000 followed tbe remains, and that no fewer than 1000 were assembled in tho cemetery. Arrived I at the gtave, for appropriately there was but one, the coffins containing tbe remains of the children were lowered into it, tbe two youngest lying side by side, and tho other bring laid above them. I This donej tho Rev. Mr. Main, of the Scotch I Church, engaged in the religious service common I to that church. He commenced by reading in I a clear and distinctly au able voice, and with I great solemnity, the ODtli Psalm ; then tbe 15th chapter of 1 Corinthians, followed by the con cluding part of the 7th chapter of Revelations. After which lie offered up a very impressivo prayer, in which tbo peculiar circumstances at tending tbe fate of tbe Utile ones was very touebingly referred to, and comfort and eoneo- I lotion implored for the bereaved parents. Tbe I service over, the large assemblage filed past tbe I side of tbe grave, taking a farewell look in their I last resting-place of the little ones, whose 1 wanderings had farmed so prominent a part in I tho public mind for lhe past eleven weeks. At I a meeting of the borough council held after tbe funeral, it was resolved to collect subscriptions far a monument to be erected over tbe graves I of the children, A meeting of tho Victorian Regatta Committee was held last evening, at Garton's hotel, Swan- ston street ; Mr. R. W. Carrick In the chair. I About twenty-five members were present, in- I eluding Mr. J. C. Tyler, collector of Customs, I and Mr. D. W. Gossott, immigration agent. I Tho chairman read a loiter from tbe Chief I Secretary's office, stating, ia reply to a request I from the committee fir the patronage ol the' I Government, that the Chief Secretary had con- I sented ts grant their request. A communication I was recived from Captain Norman, according bis I patronage, but Btatlng that he could uot attend, I being confined to tbe bouse through illness, A motion by Mr. King, amended by Mr. Norton, 1 and seconded by Dr. Curtis, was es follows : — I " Tiiat at as convenient a day as possible after the 1 arrival of the Galatea the Prince be communl- I cated with, ellhcr by deputation or letter, soli- I citing his patronage and asking him to fix a date 1 for the regatta ; and that in th; event of tbo I squadron being in Hobson's Bay, tho com- I modoro ba requested to allow the boats I I of the squadron to take part In the I regatta ; " carried. Moved by Mr. Tyler and seconded by Mr. J. A. Jobuson: — "That any members of tbe last committee not already communicated with be asked to allow their names to be put on tho committee, and also that tbe merchants of Melbourne be requested to co-operate with the committee ; " carried. Moved by Mr. Kelly and seconded by Mr. A. J. Johnson: — " That tbo Mayor and Corporation of Melbourne be requested to accord their patronage." This was also carried. A resolu tion was carried to tbe same e fleet respecting the seaside borou&hs; of WUiiaustown. Sand- ridge, Emerald Hill, St. Kilda, and Brighton.! Tbe following gentlemen were tben appointed a I sub-committee (o draw up q programme, five | to form a quorum : — Messrs. J. C. Tyler, D. I VV. Gossctt, F. Call, Commander Norman, I Captain D. Walker, Professor Irving, J. Cos- grove, A. J. JoLnson, It. B. Craven, J. Kelly, T. C. King, G. W. Hobbles, J. Ogdon, H. F. Norton,. C. C. Sliarpe, R. W. Carrlek,. J. G. Home (Balks Row'ng Club), A. J. Ross (Civil Service Boating Club), and H. C. Wil liams (Melbourne Boating Club), I The eighteenth band rehearsal of the grand Royal Concert is announced to be given at 105 Coillas street east, this evening.' Mr, R. II. Home's " Galatea Sccunda," and tbe samo prolific gentleman's " South Sea Sisters," constitute the hill of fare, tho former cantata composed expressly for tills concert by Mr. James Summers, Mus. Bac., Oxon. A public meeting of the inhabitants of Wii- liainatown was held last evening, for the purposo of adopting such measures as might bo con- sidered desirable to secure tbe landing of II.R.II. I the Duke of Edinburgh at GelHbrnnd's Point, I on bis nrrlval in Hobson's Bay. The Mayor I (Mr. Dowman) presided, and absut'lOB persons I were preient. A committee was chosen to 1 confer with the .deputation appointed by the! borough council to the Cl.itf Secretary ; and I resolutions were carried inviting tbe co-operation I of tbe Footscray Council, nnd the assistance of I the member for the district, tosecure tbe olject sought after. At the conclusion of the business I it was Intimated that another meeting woulJ bs I held, of which due notice would be given. A workman named William Kre'k, employed at the Mcchanlci' Institute, Sandhurst, had a miraculous escape from a fate! accident on Tuesday, He iisd erected a . platform from a ' window, on which ho fixed a ladder, but he bad hardly began to ascend before the platform gave way, and he fell to the ground, a distance of nearly 40ft., most providential')- felling on his feat. Ho was attended quickly by Dr. Hugh Boyd, wIid found, no bones wero broken, and he' was at once taken home in a cab. lie has sustained severe sprains in both ankles, aud the whole of tbe spine, buc especially- nt the base of the brain is exceedingly painful. Tho shock to the svstim must be a very severe one. An alibi was successfully proved in n case heard at tbe Wcodend Police Court, on Tliurs- j day. Patrick Rinrdaa- was clnrged with I entering tbe house of Mrs. Mary Pcineli Cole l ou the night of the 13th Inst., with nn intent to commit a criminal assault upon her. From the evidence of the proscculrlx aud Iter husband, Samuel Cole, it appeared that ou lhe Friday night in question ho hod Motterahaw's hotri, in Wo-h j c'cfclji wifo up ia tho home. About in'", ', ,ocll»? h'jjfl effected nn entrance into thebu p",0»'il , a number of things out of n |J ",' aDl) ««t,l tho bed clothes from Mrs. Cole' o„ i,"kln8'sl down on the floor, intending to ctlmf her. The woman begged him in ? y.a,Nll that the had only recently come Hospital. Tho prisoner S,"' K)i saying that ho would payhera vSt n tbebo i occasion. On Samuel Cole's oomloe V""60®'! 3 in the morning, ho found his 3 8 5bl»! in great alarm. Sho told him what has 1,1 "1 his absence, and no more nmi.. lj| matter unlit the following Siturdav , fth8 Mrs. Cole pointed out tbo man who h. 1 ' her, in Motterahaw's hotel. nc. 1 , informed the police, and the man Il!fl Tbo prisoner worked for Mr Motto?""''8! shoemaker, nnd a skopmate of hi, „h . " 9 tbe some room deposed that on the J?1! question Illordnn had gone to h-.i 1 . ' 8 ! and 11 o'clock, ami had not stkredoat '1 next morning. Tho man was the „ . 1 "I as ho had a violent cold, and was nrT?! whole night. Tho prisoner, after an txli i extending over three hours, was dkeh'.re , 1 A meeting of the committee of tbl a , I and School for tho Blind was bold v.,t ? 1 No. 17 Swanslon street, for tho purpoJ??1 1 eclving and deciding on plans for the ntw.«Vj Tho Hon. Geo. Ilarkcr presided, and the 1 hers present were Messrs. Jcnnin« TJ court, Mnepberson, W. C. Alston T ' , J Moore, Ogllvy, Hodgson, Dick i-fS Farroge aod Rudall. In renlv in « 1.,. rl Mis. M Laugblan, asking on "bartem;-.?! from other colonies could be almlile) 1 secreiary wns instructed to inform Iier that !l could be received until a new building Ws, 1 vlded, as they wero obliged to refme oppl'cii'l from persons residing in this colony, u !,' Harcourt, Jennings, Farrage, and M0,re 'jj appointed n committee to wait upon th» r.l Secretary nnd requc;t an increase of tbe Govanl ment grant, as that already voted wa9not!j3 cicnt. Messrs. Geo. Darker, J. Moore Farroge were appointed trustees of the "iaiipj tion. A resolution wn9 carried to tin tho following gentlemen be appcinted "j ,J com .nit tec, to consider and report upon it. J for a new building : — Messrs. Darker i|s.l Farrage, Harcourt, \V. C. Alston, ondEi'I Moved by Air. Dickson, and carried, itj j plans chosen by tho committee be exhltiigl tbo Mechanics' Institute, both for dim/.'.,! of subscribers and tbe public generally. Tho second ef tiro scries of lectuutini'iH the Parsonage Building Fund for Trinfly E<H Melbourne, is announced for this ertokg. lecturer is Mr. B. Cowderoy, nnd the subjtB " The Primeval Earib," which li lo beUifl trnted by n series of drawings and gtotyfl diagrams, etc. H In tho County Court, yesterday, JlUgH Bryant sued Mr. Gardiner for the suailuH due on a bill of exchange. Tbo litlgua til been parties in n mining business on wbir'otal had been a settlement, and the question lo: ill Court was whether the bill came wlthlo thl settlement or not. His Honour ruled itall did not, and gave a verdict for tbe axutl claimed. I Ballaarat East was promised agreatliini few days since by one of ils repreientaiivu, Mil Dyte, who appears <0 have cballeagid ft? J oscpk J ones, one of tire leading Free-tradenilj tho district, to a discussion of tbe rigbu u| wrongsof the crisis, Sir Charles Darliag, aod 11 course taken by the Ministry wilb reference: the L-20,000 for Lady Darling. The prate: arising from tho charge for admission were have been given to tho local charities ; but oi fortunutely for the cause of benevolence, M Dyte repented of i is challenge as soon oslts accepted by bis opponent, and tbe whole t! fell through, very Intrlorlourlv for the chsmpl of the Assembly. There would have bees good audience had tbe discussion come off, as) J osepb Jones is recognised a clever debater, Mrs. Anna Maria O'Nett, formerly b Anna Maris Qufnn, a young lady well bo In theatrical circles, appeared in the dock 0/ City Police Court yesterday morning, cbor on warrants from New 7. '.aland with steal L270 from Mr. Kelly, of the Hlbernloho Hokitika, New Zealand, during the time was lodging there , with her husband ; sen articles of jewellery belonging to Miss Kel1 I and a lace veiij'vnlucd at L3, from Mrs. Siari I Holland, an actress residing at Roestoxn, if I Zealand. Mr. Aspinall defended Ilia area- I and in answer to an application made by Dele I tlvo Harris for her remand to New Zulu contended that such a course would be a: strous, as Mr. Kelly was present in court t could give evideKce, nnd the only tblig sri'r the defendant was the discovery of a lace villi her trunks, which might have found In n there by tbo instrumentality of a jealoutio actress. Mr. Hackett, however, tlecldefej; remanding tbe accused to Hokitika. A new church nt Higbton, dedicalrfbi John tbe Evangelist, wns to havo beerfcti opened yesterday by tho Bishop of Meltat Mr. Charles 'William Hal'cn, maouel Mr. Phclan, timber merchant, of Maj-ru, seized with nn epileptic fit on Saturday ev ing, and died the succeeding evening, event is much regrotted in tho Iccnllty, W ceased, who was only twenty-five years olt liavlog been a general favourite there. On Friday, It being reported in ToWl an old resident of Amherst, named Robrrtr, dropped down dead the previous day lalUi a reporter was dispatched to ascertain paflirj of the case. On reaching Amherst ana inquiries, ho found that Mr. Roberts l" removed to the hospital, where It was aserr that he was only dead drunk. Although owing to the nBturoof tbe bl sustained by Mcnngh, the police constat was shot by Morton, his surgical atlendiJ not considered it advisable to attempt to tho bullet, the poor fellow Is btttft. M'Cann, the surgeon who has cbsrgo case, is of opinion that It will notbotifi ta undertake tbe operation for some como- « 1 Wnl One of the pupiU at tbe Gteloug Boys' eveniog school is an abongmo known as King Jerry, who always sppss very busy with his pencil and slate, aim would seem to ho learn how to wr name, but he does not show any r aptitude for penmanship. Tbe boys used to hh presence, and are un J msrkably good dlsclplino, that they 1 ""vcrterelov nftetnoon. about balf-pa"'-"'' Dr. M'Qsurin, of the Immigrants 1 J accosted at tbe corner of King a , ,1 streets by a connexion of his, » J M'Gaurln, who has been a sour" « 1 to that gentleman for some lira V j fellow insulted Dr. M'G.ur tu end N J pulled out a knife nnd rushed ot « > ,GJ that he would be lrangfd for him. ' warded off the blow, nnd gave his 0 b about twcnly-t.vo years ol flg > attempting to stab him. . fll It is reported at CosHomu „ flj Greenwood and Co., Use c .reoiiii6rf' main reservoir a' Mnhusjury, M o( | the Government nine months e. for completion of the cojlroct. u# A coroner's inquest was held at » f | Hosptlsl, cn Tuesday, on lhe u J olij fei named Loy Cbong'Too, " ,, „ I very rare compMftt —sua I bowels. , . fi'ssE"' ' Not loog since, a haJesw fftnintigs named Swan obtained or is jn« ((Joff0i Jikf one Brew, who bail marilcd 1 M Leacey. The claim wes for tw roiliog which had bten errant 51" grave. After the issue of tta |lllltirt quested the constab le ent u! s.e 1 tion to levy on tbe n li to? constable very proporly derl " 8 < the request, Swan went to «» the Tailing, and placing bandtdit0 to the police barracks, " F-4 the constable as Brew P P gJ,n tfj proceedings were taken, k . cUJi0uslJ '"n trustees ol the alleged offence did lilt Z the provisions of the Cemeteries' III (;D'Un missed the case, advising plaintiffs 1U ,td, illy in another court. Tho ease |Mlrflti r i here, however, ns it is said to |.p«l|itlly,.Lftho trustees to bring.lt under |t(tt!ltleD!il,o Attorney- General, with a view lti(t«llc!l, 0pin|on on the subject. Bpm1.0-" ? ,rom Droadford, Introduced by K''P #f l A., had an Interview yes- Wl;'.Khon. the Commissioner of Lands V> -HI, reference to the reservation of fcilrTKrention purposes. The application "-"fllnoscd "t Gcclon& to incIude " baU I " Mr In the programmo of entertaln- Ir.i 8 ,tE . p0vi(ied on tho occasion of the It'elElloiorgh'8 vl-Jt to the town. I . Annie Brnmley, a young lady vocalist, I ! Lv recently arrived in tiie colony, will W' 'J, drbut at the Opera di Camera, at the Is n Theatre, on Saturday evening. Miss Plt(.£-; slliil to possess a voice of great and much sweetness, nnd those who isdsn opportunity of hearing her voeallsa- l11 jpress a blgh opinion of her capabilities. » .n'lons Land thieves, appreciating nfter I i !n fashion the fact that a portion of tho Km HO recently volcd to the Government had .Id into the local Treasury, made n pro- Ki v descent upon that Institution on Friday M but „3 It seems, pained nothing by their Knstralioo. On Saturday morning the offi- Kfreonectecl with the Treasury found the back KTios different state to that in which It wns El previous evening. When Mr. Staveley 1" Jin the mornlog to his office, ho dis- t|,Bt an entrance had been effected Elh a small room at the back of the bulldiog. to of matches that had been loft full was ltd nearly empty, nnd somo half consumed Etlound lying about. From this It was In- Ed that tbo thieves had not come prepared for Luloas of a very lengthened description. E, time must have elapsed whilo tho depre- BJ were employed in their burglarious opern- , The only tools tbnt appear to have been i'wrrc a bradawl and patent cork screw, end IKIe and thread, these articles having been ;J |„ cio£o proximity to tho safe. The lock one of Cliuhb's potent. The safe, though Eorttd end tempered with, bad not been Enid. Suspicion points to soma party or tiis in the town. The collector for the Asylum nnd School for Et Blind hrgs to acknowledge receipt of the Etotog sums Rev. J. S. Weugb, Ll ; Mr. Emu Bro:k, LI Is. ; Mr. C. Flaxmeo, LI Is. ; Bferr. fJ,ri Somner and Co., LI Is. ; Mr. Emu dnnwlck, LI Is. ; the Rank of Victoria, l|0; Mr. Acheson French, L2 2s. ; Mr, D. D. /to, Ll. Total, L18 Oa. I Re advent of the cricket sceson is at hand. annual meeting of the Carlton Club takes Bee this evening, at the Carlton Club hotel. Rt St. Kllda Club met ou tho 11th, and ad- Bnroed until the 25tb, In order to enable persons Erlrous of joining at the commencement of the iron an opportunity of sending in their names, he Lonsdale Club is in process of ro-orgnnisa- Boo, and the annual meeting will take place portly. | Several members of the committee of menage- neat of the Melbourne Hospital waited upon die hon. the Treasurer yesterday, for the purpose M requesting that he would grant a sum of i2500 to mate up a deficiency in the main- linence account. Mr. Verdon promised that j£e sum should bo placed upon tho Estimates of text year. | Most of our readers are aware tliDt the windier Bathurst mode, some years ago, n liteitful descent upon the South AustrcllBn Lille; but as possibly they aro Ignorant of the Lliot of that success, the following anccdute, llieb we believe to bo in all material respects lit, will supily them with tho necessary in- aitloD. In the year 1857 E. Bathurst Kid Ibe good city of Adelaide, where he in- kfetd blinsilf to the Governor, Sir Richard innell, showing him some letters written i relative, Earl Bathurst, which letters the pimiort private secretary) Carisbrook Lyon 1-iuame who afterwords married Sir Richard's He-pronounced to be genuine documents. Hps soliciting en appointment Sir Richard Hiut apologised to tills scion of the great Iffit of Bathurst for having nothing batter to Kiitblmss a makeshift than the police magis- Inliiblp then vacant at Gawler Town. Mr. iliont, with his wife and family, stopped at 111 Grcshata hotel, and after dining several liuwlth the Governor, pressed his' Excellency lidlidy to return the visit, which they promised Into; but ultimately Lady Macdonnell wrote to Bin. Bathurst an apologetic letter, declining 111 Invitation, on the ground that the Gresbam lotd had, at that time, no private Jaltance. Meanwhile the leading Ade laide tradesmen were packing off to Puawler Town all the costly apparatus Btcessary for furnlihlog a gentleman's house Bern cellar to garret, and bad Bathurst gone Wlb them he would, in ell probability, have un safe and comfortable for many years; but El (re'r")u"T8 justice) decreed otherwise, itlnrst found his Excellency's wine so good, lr , hospitality so generous, that ho delayed Journey day nfter day, until one evening he fill himself at Sir Richard's dinner table via - E?J 0 Melbourne gentleman who knew K" > nnJ wbo else knew that ha hod not »Uin out of Melbourne Gaol. Tho bomb Bkii 'hurst was shown tho door; R7 Government- house was 11 tabooed," P- a w«rse, the Adelaide tradesmen Km I 1,10 aff'r» and ln lesa tlian ,hroe mm i omfidc descendant of an English El, himself once more In gaol, nnd ulti- !en,tcnctd t0 eighteen months' impri- obtaining goods under false L, ' There is a tide in tho affairs of ,ow ""S rest. Had Bathurst, K G»i. B cee'ved his appointment, pushed up Etht " ls . not 'mpossiblo that ho liliefJiJi J?''00' "8lon> Lave played the represent Ume'W pleasan,ly an(1 1ulct,y UP urra!'|,|!,lck hf Kcone) an old resident In the Kittn r 1 f,"'011 oP "ie Ovens district, wns rf rom his horse a few days ego and sus- such severe Injuries that death resulted on ruehiffr01!1!?', Tbe Iemalns of 'Le dereased lauhstl i. 8 day without en in- previousiy. Mr. M'Keoue, r'ladira n",e,fl'ltU tbe ®i:o f chairman of 111 01' Burd, was much respected in Noe0nC»ri' ?f socred mutic will be held this P«tch' in,, « Co'"D3 8treet Independent Lrin ' iu ,, , ,0CCis'on opening the new ptecceslon d"ce W|U be the organist on rlsl las'/'ri i-Y8' rePea'el at tho Thealre FB!'y will aoni 0,nJ tllls evenlng Mr. Mont- f IJW111 play Romeo. 