MEl'KOrOLU'AN SPUING RACE 1 MEETING OF TUB DBKBV WAIT, SATUBUAV, AOOUBC 3UT. uoveiy weutuer, a moiierateiy targe utleu* dunce ol apectutors, very fair fields ol horse*,' excellent *}Or-, and uu absence of uvery thing in the shape uf ueeident, wero some 'if tlie characteristics of lh- first day of tlie Mo ro |H-liluti Spring R ce Meeting- the tmy ou which the mueh-c\Te.ed 'Blue Riband' o tho Turf in this colony was contested for PcrllUUH tho most aUL-L-essful PiiL-H in.. hi ! ii ._ I every sense, that was ever held ut Randwick wus Iho Autumn meeting of the presentyoar i uud the meet tug which opened souuspieiously ou Saturday last bids fan to be thu iuu*t sue* ut-Mlul Spring meeling thai we huve hud— fob we do nut expect so great » meeting in tlu spring us we do in the autumn. Despite the genial weuther, howeuer, uud tho attractive, uers ul the events upon the curd for the day, there was not bo large a number or visitors to tho cuurse us wo huve seen there itput. aotuo former occusion*. The Grand Stand wus thronged, it is true, but the other stuuds wero not inure than half tilled. The spaces around theso buildings were by no means crowded, and although thu scone wus one full of guiety uud animation, yet it lucked much of tiio boisterou* hilarity usually obsetvuble tu such ussciubiuge*. Tlio greatest order pre. vuilcd on the course. Wetlid uut perceive a Bitiglo combat, nor more thun a couple of 'drunk uud disorderlies.' Thu gentlemen in blue were ot course there ull iu poiutof uUivily and intelligence, but were not called upou to j exercise either quality. There wus iu luct an ! puusual upathy among the gcuerul publio, : aud thu Conservator* of the peace had remark- , ably easy time* of it. Thu vnli placu ut ull enlivened by buttle uud activity was tho precinct uf tho Grand Stand. During eueu ruce thai imposiug structure was throngeu withuu eager palpi, tuliug crowd, who kept upa discord uf shouts uud lulcijcctiou* white the contest was going on, and who un iu conclusion vented their disappointment ur exullution iu u somewhat euipliutie wuy. Iu the intervals, the saddling p.iUUock was the chosen place uf resort, uud here were eougreguted the tiooliin-ikers. the knowing one*, unit thu turtltes of ull clusses. Among Ihe cxeiied Itiruuu iu the 'ring' wero luuiiy new luces { but I lit* bookmakers— whoso name is legion— were ttio satin-, uud uried iho same cries, to tho suuie purpose, und with tint same voices thai have been lung familiar to uur curs. Tim sport provided on SaturJiiy was ofa very high or.ter, there being u good conte*t for every oiih ot the live prices iu Iho pro gramme. Tile Trial Stakes brought u Held of ?even lo the post, tiio winner being found in Mr. T. H. Smith's chesuut horse Springbok, lucalubto companion olBiuquet, who i* iu the Metropolitan Stuke*. The Richmond horso Grutis wus tho most luucied fur this raco, ! while u lurge nuiuoer uf people pinned their laiihto Uuttertly— not so much from uny bchut that slio possessed uny wouditrful speed as Ir jiu the fuels that she was by Wldiuiu lell ami euriij.i a very light weight.- Not u fniv trusted to old lUrey, with Asliworth up, in tho 'yellow uud bluck,' lo pull them through] but Ihnpoor old horse, that has hitherto been considered indestructible, broke down badly, although hu managed tu secure the honor ol thir.i place, tho favourite being second. Springbok, currying 8 *L 12 lbs., won the race uleveriy ; uud if Buuquet, of tho satue yiar, ctu beat him eusily, as is stated, ?he ought to luve a chunco lor the Metro politan. seeing she has hut 7*. 7 lbs. to carry. Tlio next race was ihe Derby St. Li*ger Hni* dicjp, for which thero weru fourteen sub scribers three only ot whom came to tho post. There has been but little speculation ou this race, oxocpl iu doubles uud trebles, a* it wus seen Iroin the llrst that thero would bo u very small field j uud in ull tho double* und treble* either Seagull or Hambledon Hill (oAcopl a few ou Bylong while it wu* believed he had uny chance lor tho raco) wcroselected to pull otl the first exout. Wo never heard or u single wager in which Sir John was barked eith.-r right out or in u double or treble event | having proved such u duller hitherto, it wa* thought ho had not got Iho ghost of u chance, notwithstanding tho de ference in weight, cither with Suugull or Hum bledoti. Hill. It was in fact- a* it Turf writer recently wrote of unother event— a ' Roths ohild'a olllco to a o.isual wurd' against him. Tho creut proved, however, that Sir John— who wa* never iu such u forui a* now— was loo good, ut the w.d'hU, Tor Hj.igull, who n'.'Ver hnti u slio.v for it from tlio fall of the dag, uud tli it ilatnbleiljii Hill could not give him 7 lb* und travel with hint for the lint 200 yurdt of two mile*. His owner, tho Ju:!gt-, wu* warmly congratulated upon hi* tii'lory Tho raco ' par excellence' of tbo day nai tbo next ovont upon tho card— Tho Derby. The entries closed with 33 subscribers. These were reduced by scratching to nine on tin* cirtl, and *oven faced Iho tUff. A snmewliat larger field wna nnlicipaled for this race, but u liner lot of throe-year old* than the seven that contested for the 'Blue Riband' on Satur* day it would bo difficult to find. Ever since Fireworks (whoso nuno erroneously appeared in connect ion with tho name of Mr. Keighran instead nf tho nuitie of Mr. Tuit in our ir»Ui of Saturday) won thu Champagne Stakes aud the Nursery Handicap nt the last Autumn Meeting, he ha* occupied tho nosiliou uf first favourite for this race, although thoro was n * very generul impression abroad thut ho could not stay for any distance beyond a mile. The clever wuy iu which he came homo after Stan ey let him have his head at tho Derby Corner on Saturday eil'eo tually settled the question of hi* stay im: qua lities, and it will surpriie no one to find him turn out both a flyer und a weight carrier, ilr. Fisher's colt, Little Fish, stood m-xt in iinportunco in Iho estimation of the public, and we cannot believe that Im 1ms thorough ly recovered from the cough' from which ho was suffering when landed here, or ho would not have cut up so wretchedlr. Certain it is thut he hud no show ut all in the race, and he finished absolutely lust. Tlio Italian proved himself lo be— what hi* owner, Mr. Dines, believed him lo bs all along— a good ? sound colt, with plenty of pare, 'iti* iin|-o»* i sible lo tar what I lie result would have been ] under other (-ircunistacces, but there -re i those who believe that hn cnr.hl have won tho race hud he waited instead of culling nut the running. Glencoe, also bred by Mr. Dines, ran very well indeed, and proved the many excellent rbcini; qualities pnsiensed hy tho Lord uf the Hill* stock Mr. Tail h*4 *uc» j ceeded in winning two of the three Derby* ? that have been run for iu the colony, uud no true iportsuian will begrudge him hi* victo ries. The following ure thu uauii's nf Ihe ler DBHDf, HON 2nd SBFT., 1803. Mr. Cln-eko's br f Clove, hr Mugus, nut of Olovu (Martinecr). Time— 2 miii. SI 2nd Deiiiit, tttw 1st Skit., 18(W. Mr. Tuit 's bl c Thi-Birh, bt Sir Hercules, out of y«iuiii» Guhmr* (Suulev). Time —2 miii. 481 3tto Dkuhv, HON 3ll-T Aco., 1SG7. Mr. Tail's b c Fireworks, by Kel|ile, out of Gaslight tStuuley). Time — 2 miii. 43 It will bo observed that tho timo of tho Derby on Sa ur-lay whs Ihe best that has yet been made, und it i* u significant fact that it waft half a second less than the last Derby ut Ep'Oin, won by Hermit, mis run in. a Tho Innkeeper's Slakes brought a field of eight to the post, ami the winner wus found in ilr. Coiicrult's i'a^auiui, a rank outsider, defeating B ireboues (the favourite). Archer, aud oilier*. The Epsom Handicap was be lieved to beattitt tuold Uirmiiiijliain, (Riinp worth and Lil ly Kiiiitsloti having been with drawn) aud so the event proved. ' He won it There i* but little to edd beyond o detailed description uf tin races, which is appended. His Excellency the Governor ami suite ar rived on tho urouud before the llrst race was run, ami remained until after the Derby was over. An excellent bin I was pfesent to en liven the proceedings— if that, indeed, wa* required; the arrangements of Ihe otllciuls were satisfactory, aud the excellent luncheon ami refreshment* provided by Mr. W. J. O'Brien, of Tallcrrtdl's left nothing to be ?tesired. Tno reportrr*' gallery, whieh, with other improvements, were curried out by Mr. llinlun, of Hunter-strn t, lo Ihe order -iT tho otliciats uf the Jockey Club, wa* round to bo great convenience to the representatives of the Pre**.— 'Sydney Morning Heruld,' Sep* teinberS. 