KERLE AND "THE CHRISTIAN YEAR. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. Rkspkctk» PiiiRND,-In The Mercury of the 5th instant there is an article on the alteration of a verse in a poem in " The Christian Year," which seems to have caused much perplexity in the minds of the deceased author's friends, as it appears to them that his views in connection with the '* Eucharist " had either arranged, or had been different to what they had understood them to be. But if such were the case, why should he have wished a note to be appended to the altered edition, " pointing out that it does but express more directly the true meaning of the present text?" John Keble is not responsible for what may be written by Dr. Pusey or others, on the subject, and I think the matter may be explained so as to harmonize with the original reading, and John Koblo's note referring to the alteration. The original verse stands thus : "Oh ! come to our communion feast, There present in the heart, Not in hands, the Eternal Priest Doth His true self impart." That is to says-The the faithful partakers of the Eucharist, the Eternal Priest is present in the heart, and not in the broad and wine which he holds in his hands." John Keble, though he experienced the true communion, was not prepared to forego the " sacrament " with which he believed it to be connected, so that the word "not" seemed calculated to convey the idea that the broad and wine wore nothing, and therefore superfluous. Now he invites others to partake with him of the "sacrament" -" Oh I come to our communion feast, there, surely, will the Eternal Priest be at present in the heart as the broad the wind is in the hanlin." How otherwise can the altered verse " express more fully" the son currents of the author than when in its original form P I know nothing on the subject except from reading the article in The Mercury, but if this is the true explanation I shall be glad in having suggested it, and in having; so far relieved the minds of the readers of "The Christian Year," with which, however, or its author, I am unacquainted ; neither do I identify myself with the opinions I may appear to have up- hold in what I have said. A diligent and prayerful vendor of the Holy Scriptures, and accepting the Saviour in His varied offices, as revealed in them, I believe that when He cried, " It is finished," when the veil of the Temple (which covered -the entrance into the Holy of Holies) was rent, them all types were for, ever superseded, and Christ the substance remains, Though sented at the right hand of the Father, yet is He ever present with the true believer, and, in one of His many offices, is the spiritual food which is to sustain him through time and eternity. We read in the 6th chapter of the Gospel according to John:-"Exooptyooat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink His blood, ye have no life in yon. Whoso sitteth my flesh and drinketh my blood, hath \----»-?-?--«--^--IMP-^-^M eternal life and I will raise him up at the last day. For my flesh is meat indeed, and my blood is drink indeed. He that eateth my flesh and drinketh my blood, dwelleth in me and I in him." (This may be transposed without altering the sense: He that dwelleth in me and I in him, eateth my flesh and drinketh my blood.) As the living Father hath sent Me and I live by the Father, so he that eateth me, even he shall live by me. When will the "Church of England" and all others come to accept and to know these great truths in their fullest sense whether we eat or drink or whatsoever ye do. to do all to the glory of God ?" Then, in partaking of " our daily bread," whether spiritual or temporal, we shall do it in remembrance of Him through whom we receive every blessing We can do nothing of ourselves, but " when He, the spirit of truth, is come, He will guide you into all truth," John XVI. 13. This Spirit is the promise of the Father (LukoXXIV. 49) of which our Saviour spoke when he said, " If ye being evil, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more shall your Heavenly Father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask Him." Through this Spirit we understand the scriptures, for ns holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost, so no Scripture is of any private interpretation, but is made plain to the believer by the Spirit. II Peter, 20,21. And as the scriptures were written by inspiration of the spirit, shall not they who are guided by that spirit, find themselves walking in accordance with the precepts contained in the scriptures ? And shall not all who submit to be thus guided, " have fellow- ship one with another;" being united in Christ, " according to the working whereby He is able to subdue all things to Himself ?" Hoping it may be seen that the above is dictated by a better spirit than that of controversy, I am respectfully, JAMES BACKHOUSE COTTON. Kelvedon, March, 10th, 1867. 