RICHARD THE THIRD; r The simultaneous production of Shaks- peare's Richard the Third at the Royal and Haymarket Theatres, to-night, is an event in theatrical affairs which will cause more than ordinary interest, and which merits more than a passing notice. It necessarily brings the stars at the two houses into direct rivalry. That the rendering of the character by each actor will differ in many essential points we cannot doubt. The mere physical qualities of figure and voice are useless mean impersonation of this kind. The Richard of Shakspeare is the incarnation of intellect, the personification of will and daring ambition. Perhaps of all the characters of Shakspeare (with the exception of Hamlet) Richard the Third is the most difficult to personify and the least understood by the general public. His con- summate hypocrisy, and his reckless audacity ; his marvellous powers of dissimulation allied to a seemingly irrepressible coarseness and brutality ; his fearless disregard of all moral laws, and his superstitions terrors of punishment, combine to make up a character which requires extraordinary powers to personate The difficulty in representing the character as Shakspeare drew it does not lie so much in the great histrionic power requisite for the impersonation of the stage Richard, but in searching out and seizing the clue to his real character. The actor who attempts to portray this wondrous crea- tion, binds himself to show a man deformed in body, stunted in stature, cast in a mould so hideous that even the affection of his own mother is denied him, but who is of bound- less ambition and great talents, a renowned soldier and profound statesman ; a man who, cut off from the love of his kind, is of strong passions and susceptible of the most tender emotions ; a man by nature held, open, free, and generous, but whose mind, deformed by the knowledge of bodily ugliness, is soured and embittered; who hates the world as much as he hates himself ; who despises men in proportion to the knowledge of his own abilities, and hates them in proportion to the knowledge of his own hideousness. Deprived of the hope of military glory by the sudden lapse into peace, out of place among the not and dalliance of the court, his mortified vanity and boundless ambition prick him on until, in his loathing of himself and his" contempt for others, he hurries from crime to crime, and stifles all that was once good within him. His ambition is boundless, and his will is powerful. To attain his ends, he sets, as it were, a watch over himself. Richard is not the bloodthirsty brutal monster that some would have him. His conscience is not lost ; it is overpowered by his will. Dis- gusted with life, with himself, and with mankind, he has but one object in exist- ence- the satisfying of his boundless ambi- tion, and simultaneous vengeance upon all who formerly mocked him. He puts all conscience and morality behind him in this pursuit. He dissimulates profoundly. He wins the respect even the affection of his dupes, only to make Iris revenge the sweeter. With the body of a demon, he has the tongue of an angel, and feigns saintly peni- tence when he is plotting murder. He woos like Romeo, and fights like Antony, his iron will triumphs over all obstacles. He wades through blood to seize the crown, and wears the ensanguined purple with a ferocious dignity that terrifies rather than owes us, This hypocrisy is not natural to him. He was Jes- i perate in youth, bold and outspoken in manhood ; only in sober age can be restrain his natural impetuosity. His life from the hour when he first plots for the crown is one long lie. But when misfortune comes upon him, when his throne is menaced, his life threatened, his name reviled-when his vanity has reached a pinnacle of gratification to fall the lower-then the mantle of dissimulation falls from his shoulders, his conscience is startled, his better nature housed; the crimes he has committed show forth in all their blackness, the ghosts of his victims mock him, superstitions terrors overwhelm him, his brain refuses to plot, his arms grow nerveless, j despairing alike of help on earth or grace in Heaven, abandoned by God and man, he rushes forth to meet his foes with sword in hand and harness on his back, and dies as he had lived, breathing defiance. The actor who attempts to shadow forth this wondrous anomaly has not only to portray all the varied and conflicting emotions of such a nature, to alternate from the extreme of passion to the familiar tones of common place, to be in turn hero, lover, buffoon, statesman, and murderer, to show the workings of a guilty conscience and the strivings of a hardened and impenitent soul ; but to all these tones he must find the key note, and show a reason for these incongruities. Richard is no mere butcher, no brutal murderer. His conscience is scotched, not killed. It is the very greatness of his intellect that leads him into crime. The ordinary stage Richard-ranting, shouting, and raving is attainable by an actor of very ordinary abilities ; but to portray the real Richard that Shakspeare drew is not so easy. It is the part of all others that most tries the mental qualities of an actor to render adequately for its truthful rendering depends almost entirely on ability to analyse character i and understand the motives from which actions spring. Mr. Walter Montgomery and Mr. Anderson will probably read the part differently, and it will rest with the public to declare which rendering pleases them most. That the traditional and well known Richard will be given by Mr. Anderson is almost a matter of certainty and with equal reason the Hamlet of Mr. Montgomery has led us to expect a somewhat new leading of Richard norn him. At both theatres, we presume, the patchwork version of Colley Cibber will, as usual, be given in lieu of the original text, an adhesion to the stage traditions which, though much to be regretted, the failure of all attempts to place the play upon the stage as it was written by Shakespeare, will in some degree excuse. 